My mother wasn't thrilled with my choice of moving to a nearby city. She worried about me constantly. But I finally convinced her I was old enough to take care of myself. I packed up my meager belongings and took a bus into the city. Luckily, it didn't take long to find my new home. I began renting a room in the home of my landlady, Helen Taylor, a woman a few years older than my mother. She was a full-figured lady with wide hips, huge boobs, thick thighs, and broad shoulders. She stood almost a full head taller than my 5'4 and more than doubled my weight of 130lbs. She had a standing weekly appointment with her hairdresser which kept her light brown hair perfectly styled all the time. Only when we settled down in the late evening did I see her without her subtly applied makeup.
Most days Mrs. Taylor would wear slacks and a classy blouse. Although there were days when she would wear a tasteful pantsuit or a modest dress. Those were the days she usually went to her office. She had retired from her Law Practice a few years before I moved in, but still did some pro bono work when she felt it was necessary.
Like Mrs. Taylor, her home was huge. 4 bedrooms with 3 bathrooms, a family room, living room, a kitchen that was twice the size of my mothers and a laundry/utility room that was bigger than my old bedroom. My room was just down the hall from Mrs. Taylor's Master Suite. The room I stayed in was obviously decorated by a woman, for a woman. But the delicate colors didn't bother me in the least. The walls in my room were covered with a turquoise and white wallpaper. The hardwood floor was covered with a matching turquoise rug with a white border. The dresser and bedside tables were both white with subtle turquoise accents. The walk-in closet in my room was gigantic. There were rods to hang clothes from on three of the walls. Along both sides of the door were cubby holes for shoes, there were 72 cubbies on each side of the door! Even after my laundry was done and all my clothes were in there, it looked sadly empty.
My bedroom and bathroom were separated by only a large archway, there was no door at all. That took some getting used to. My bathroom was only equipped with an oversized bathtub situated in the middle of the room. The huge tub was raised up off the floor and surrounded by a wide tiled step. Not having access to a shower was strange at first, I hadn't taken a bath since I was a small child. But after my first soak in the tub, I wondered why I ever switched to showers! The tub was easily big enough for four people my size. And it felt like a waste to fill it just for me, but I couldn't resist and soon enjoyed spoiling myself with long soaks in the tub. Mrs. Taylor kept my bath area stocked with big cakes of pink Camay soap, Cherry Blossom Organix shampoo and conditioner and white bath poofs for scrubbing myself clean. While growing up with my mother, she used similar items.
Near the faucets, on the edge of the tub were two baskets. The smaller of which contained a few pink razors and a can of feminine shaving cream. I left that basket untouched. The larger basket was always full of softball-sized, pink bath-bombs. I shied away from these for the first two weeks I lived in her home. Curiosity finally got the best of me and quickly found it impossible not to use them. Mrs. Taylor noticed the first time one of those giant pink bombs was missing from the basket. Shortly afterward she mentioned that I might want to use three or four of them due to the size of the tub. The perfumed, clean scent and the flower petals that remain after the bomb has dissolved are very relaxing and terribly arousing.
The massive front and back yards of her home were cared for by service. All repairs needing to be done around the house were hired out to contractors. This left only the cooking, cleaning and laundry. Upon moving in I began helping with these chores. Over those first few months, Mrs. Taylor learned that my mother had raised me well. I was adept at cleaning any room in the house and soon worked myself into a routine where I cleaned every room in 'our' home once a week. The only exceptions were the two bathrooms we used regularly, I deeply cleaned those at least twice a week. Mother always said I was a bit OCD when it came to cleaning. It had to be perfect before I'd stop.
The laundry was another chore I excelled at. Mrs. Taylor was reluctant to let me wash her clothes at first, but over time she relaxed and I think she enjoyed having me wash her things. Having done both mine and my mother's laundry since I was in junior high, I knew which outfits required dry cleaning, and I delivered them to her preferred shop when necessary. I could also sort out which pieces could be dried and which couldn't. I could replace a button and make minor repairs with a needle and thread. Hand washing Mrs. Taylor's intimates in the utility room's basin with its sloping drainboard was an undertaking I cherished. The big bottle of Woolite for hand-washing was quickly replaced when it ran low. It left everything, including me, smelling fresh and squeaky clean. Scrubbing her immense panties, enormous bras, slips, pantyhose, and nightgowns in the slippery, soapy water made me feel like I was doing something special for her. Not just a silly chore around the house, but it was a special way for me to thank her for allowing me to live in her home.
Once I had all the hand washables scrubbed clean, thoroughly rinsed in cool water and wrung out, I placed them all in a basket and carried it to the backyard. With clothespins, I hung up all of her intimates on the line to dry in the breeze. After several hours, I gathered her things from the clothesline in a basket. I returned to the laundry room and touched up all of her panties, slips, and nightgowns with a warm iron.
It was a special touch my mother had taught me early on. She used to say there was nothing quite as nice as a pressed panty to slip into. When Mrs. Taylor opened her panty drawer the first time after I'd done her laundry, she called me into her room. When I got there I saw her standing by the open drawer staring down at the neatly folded stack of panties. She looked over at me in the doorway and asked if I'd ironed her panties. When I told her I had, she smiled warmly and said I was spoiling her. Without thinking, I softly replied that she deserved it.
Cooking was never my strong suit. I could make a few simple dishes and wasn't bad at desserts, but it was blatantly apparent that Mrs. Taylor was much more skilled in the kitchen. While living with my mother, one of her rules was whoever cooks, doesn't clean. I applied that same rule with Mrs. Taylor. After every meal, I would clear the table and wipe it down with a cloth. I would then prepare Mrs. Taylors after-dinner drink, she preferred a balloon glass of brandy. While gathering all the dishes, pots, pans and cooking utensils, the sink would be filling with hot water. Just before it was filled, I went under the counter to get the Palmolive dish soap. Like my mother, Mrs, Taylor kept a pair of pink rubber gloves resting on the dish soap bottle. It was habit for me to slip-on the gloves after adding soap to the sink. While the suds worked their way into a mountain of perfumed bubbles, I wiped down the working surfaces in the kitchen. Mrs. Taylor would sit at the table and chat with me while I worked.
One evening, with my rubber-gloved hands in the sink washing the evening dishes, Mrs. Taylor casually mentioned that I have a cute butt. I blushed and looked at her over my shoulder. While wiggling my hips around, I teasingly informed her that my mother used to say the same thing. With that, Mrs. Taylor rose from her chair and approached me from behind. She laid her hands on my hips and leaned down close to my cheek. I could smell the expensive Brandy on her breath and the musky perfume she wore. She whispered in my ear, "It's not flat like most boys. No, you have a cute little bubble butt. It's a shame it has to be hidden under these jeans." While whispering those final words in my ear, Mrs. Taylor's hands slid from my hips to my behind. She held a cheek in each hand and gently squeezed and massaged them.
When she first made contact with my cheeks, I froze. My hands were still in the sink and I stood there while she fondled me. While getting to know Mrs. Taylor during my first few weeks in her home, I divulged the fact that my sexual experiences were extremely limited. Her gentle touch on my behind had me more aroused then I'd ever been before. I dared not move, afraid she would stop if I did. I lost all track of time and have no idea how long she had her hands on me I'm not even sure I was breathing. When she began to remove her hands from my body, I found myself pushing my bottom back into her hands.
She leaned down close to my ear again, so close that I could feel her lips moving. She whispered, "Oh, it looks like someone likes his bottom played with." Laying her hands onto my cheeks once again, she whispered, "I'll have to remember to grope you more often."
Later that evening, I laid in bed and played with myself while remembering how Mrs. Taylor had touched me and all that she had said. My mind ran wild with how that encounter could change our relationship. I desperately wanted her to touch me again. But I hadn't a clue as to help make that happen.
Several days passed with neither of us mentioning how she'd touched my body. While washing the dinner dishes later that week, I did peek over my shoulder and caught her staring at my butt. I wiggled it a little and asked if she was enjoying the view. She was working on her second glass of brandy. And after taking a big swig she said, "I am. But the view would be a lot better if you weren't hiding your tight little ass under those jeans!"
Those words she spoke both surprised me and sent an erotic chill through my body. I'd never heard her use a word like 'ass'. She wasn't that sort of lady. A soft moan slipped through my lips and my back arched, which pushed my butt back toward her. I heard her chuckle behind me and say, "That's it, grind your hips for me!"
She rose from her chair and crossed the room. Standing right behind me, the smell of alcohol filled my senses. She leaned in close to my ear and whispered, "Have you been wondering when I'd lay my hands on you again?" I couldn't look back at her. I stared straight down at my hands in the dishwater. Biting my lower lip hard, I nodded my head and whimpered a single word, "Yes."
Her hands slid up the sides of my legs and rested on my hips. With her lips brushing against my ear, she asked, "Is this where you want me to touch you?"
Pushing my hips back toward her, I gasped, "No."
Her hands slid up and down the sides of my thighs. She chuckled softly before whispering, "You smell so pretty. I love that you've been using the bath-bombs and body lotion I set out for you. I do love a boy that smells like soap and flowers. Tell me, are you ever going to use the pink razor and shaving cream I set on the edge of your bathtub?"
I shivered with arousal. I'd been staring at the razor and shaving cream since I'd moved in. I knew she wanted me to use them, why else would she have laid them out? I had picked the razor up a few times and thought about shaving my legs. But I'd always decided against it. If she didn't intend for me to use them, I didn't want her to think I was weird. While still unable to look back at her, I tried to wash a glass while I asked, "Do you want me to shave?"
She took a deep breath and then licked my earlobe. I whimpered softly and pushed my hips back against her. In a soft, sultry whisper, "Sweetheart, I don't want you to shave. I would love for you to shave. A sweet, cute boy such as yourself shouldn't have a single hair beneath his eyelashes. Girls shave their bodies to make them more attractive to men. So why shouldn't a boy shave his body to make it more attractive to a woman? I would much rather look at a perfectly smooth boy than one covered in nasty hair."
Her hands slid to my butt and she cupped a cheek in either hand. Licking my ear once more, she whispered, "Any woman would love your tight butt cheeks with a little wrinkled hole hiding between them without a hair in sight."
Her hands went back to my hips, down my thighs and back up, "And perfectly hairless legs and toes."
While she whispered, her hands slid around to my stomach, up my chest, and down my arms. "Hairless stomach, chest, armpits, arms, and fingers. Yes, smooth boys are my favorites."
I knew it was coming. I'd been standing at that sink aching for it to happen and when it did, I almost lost it. Her hands slid down my chest and stomach and then framed around my rigid cock. She bit my ear gently and whispered, "And bald little penis's just like this one." With those words, one of her hands moved to cup my penis gently.
My penis was small. I knew that. I'd seen enough videos to know for sure that my penis was nowhere near 'man-sized'. It wasn't thick or long. When it was soft, the head and a small part of the shaft poked straight out less than an inch from my body. The shaft was a soft pink color and the head was a slightly darker shade of pink. And my little pouch of balls never hung low, they were always nestled tightly against my body. I knew all of this. But hearing Mrs. Taylor tell me my penis was 'little', made me blush to my very core.
Nibbling on my ear once again and still cupping my stiff penis in her palm, Mrs. Taylor asked, "Well Sweetheart? Are you going to use the razor I left out for you?"
I whimpered in a desperate voice, "Yes, Ma'am. Yes, I will. I promise."
"Mmm, I knew you would. Why don't you head upstairs and run yourself a bath? I'll finish the dishes tonight. Use at least 3 bath bombs and be sure to soak for a while before you shave. There are more razors in the top left drawer. And Sweetie, if you need some help shaving those hard to reach places, just call out for me." She then kissed my neck and pressed her hips against me, trapping me between her and the sink. "Be sure to leave your bedroom door open. If I have to come help shave you, you shouldn't have to get out of the tub."
She stepped back which allowed me to turn and face her for the first time since the discussion began. I was obviously blushing deeply. My penis was rock hard and my breathing was ragged. I was tremendously aroused. Biting my lip, I looked into her eyes and tried to say something, but all I managed to do was stutter.
She leaned in closer until our lips were nearly touching. In that alcohol scented whisper, "If you do manage to shave by yourself, why don't you come to show me the results when you're done. I'll be in the living room waiting for you." She then leaned in and kissed me gently. I nearly came in my underpants.
I took off my rubber gloves and laid them on the counter. Biting my lip once again, I looked up at her and excused myself. I nearly ran up the stairs and into my room. I quickly stripped to my bare skin. And after putting my clothes in the laundry basket, I began to fill the tub in my attached bathroom. While standing naked in the archway separating my bedroom and bathroom, I recalled her telling me to leave my door open, not unlocked. I shivered as I crossed the room and opened my bedroom door all the way and went back toward the tub.
I picked up three pink and three purple bath-bombs and dropped them into the half-full, steaming tub. The room was quickly filled a flowery soapy scent that was decidedly feminine. When the tub was nearly filled, I sat on the edge and slowly slipped into the pink-hued water. It was a bit too warm and took some time for me to get used to it. I had to force myself to relax. I'd been told to soak before I start shaving, so I settled into the tub and got very comfortable.
The next thing I knew, I felt a warm touch stroking my hair. My eyes fluttered open and I saw Mrs. Taylor perched on the edge of the tub above me. She held a freshly filled glass of brandy and was smiling warmly. It took me a minute to realize where I was. But once I did, I quickly covered my penis with my hands.
I was just about to ask what she was doing in there when she began to speak. "I got worried about you Sweetheart. You'd been gone so long and I hadn't heard a sound."
When she reached down to pick up the shaving cream, I noticed she'd already grabbed a full package of the pink razors. She squirted some cream in her hand, raised one eyebrow and suggested we get started. She reached into the tub and pulled out my arm, she coated the skin from the tips of my fingers all the way to my armpit. Picking up the razor, she took measured strokes and was soon returning my arm to the water. When I lifted it back out, there wasn't a hair to be found anywhere. I felt my penis throb beneath my other hand.
Mrs. Taylor repeated the process on my other arm and then moved onto my chest. She had me kneel in the tub, facing her while she carefully removed any trace of chest hair. I used both hands to keep my rigid erection hidden from her. I had never been an overly hairy guy, and that was making the job easier than she expected. In a sing-song voice, she said, "With so little hair to begin with, you were made to be kept perfectly smooth!"
She took another large drink of brandy before moving to the opposite side of the tub. I lifted my leg way up out of the water. She held onto my ankle and coated its length to mid-thigh with shaving cream. Using long strokes, it was soon perfectly smooth. She slid her fingers along my leg to check for stubble, touching up any she found. The process was repeated on my other leg and I soon found myself having legs as smooth as any beach bunny.
Dipping her hand into the water and sliding it up my thigh, she asked what I wanted to do next, the front or the back? I didn't expect to have to choose. My penis was so stiff and had been for so long, I was afraid that when she touched it, it would explode. So, in a soft voice I told her the back.
She had me get into position. I was standing in the tub, facing away from her, leaning against the opposite side of the tub with my legs spread wide. She filled her hands with shaving cream and took her time rubbing it onto my cheeks. Her long fingers slid effortlessly between my cheeks and teased my wrinkled hole until it quivered under her touch. On a few occasions, her slippery fingers slid further between my legs and played with my small sack of balls. After adding more shaving cream to her hands, she covered my cheeks and down my thighs to the point she had stopped shaving earlier.
Rinsing the cream from her hands in the bathwater, she then picked up a new razor and began taking long strokes up my legs. In a soft voice she said, "Oh yes, you are going to look simply adorable without this hair."
She asked me to reach back and spread my cheeks for her. I leaned forward and spread them as wide as I could. She took her time shaving and then checking for stubble. In that same soft voice, she went on to explain, "Keeping a young man naked would be a treat for an old lady like me. I would love watching this tight little butt running around my home. What do you think Sweetie? Would you like to spend some time naked?" Before I was able to respond, she pressed the pad of her index finger against my tight little wrinkled hole.
I gasped and while still holding my cheeks wide apart, I pressed my hips back against her. In a higher than normal pitch, I squeaked, "Yes, Mrs. Taylor!"
She set the razor down and rinsed off the remaining cream from my cheeks with the bathwater. "You're such a good boy. Now turn around so we can finish shaving you."
I stood up and used both my hands to cover my very stiff penis. The water splashed around my legs as I turned to face her. I know I was blushing deeply when I stood before her. Mrs. Taylor reached up and let her hands wander up to my thighs, over my hips and come to rest over my hands. She looked up into my eyes while gently urging me to move my hands away from my penis. I thought I was going to faint when they fell away, fully exposing my little penis to my landlady.
She let her eyes linger on my face while I burned with embarrassment for several moments. Very slowly her gaze began to fall down my body. Her line of sight eventually focused on my erect and throbbing penis.
Still holding my hands in hers, she said, "Let's have you sit on the side of the tub. Spread your legs nice and wide so we can finish shaving your cute, little body."
I did as I'd been told and she was soon lathering up my most private place with feminine shaving cream. She used both of her hands to spread the lather over my pubic area. I almost squirted on several occasions, but she always removed her hands from my body before it happened. She pressed my stiff penis down toward my toes while spreading the shaving cream across the mat of hair above my penis. I whimpered softly and bit my lower lip. I was so terribly aroused. I'd never been in a situation like that before and the fact that my landlady was touching my penis was almost too much to believe.
While still holding my erection out of the way, she picked up a fresh razor and began shaving away the only remaining hair on my body. My body shivered and soft moans slipped through my lips as she swiped away more and more of my hair. She eventually released my penis and let it slap back against my smooth mound.
She smiled while looking into my desperate eyes and said, "You are being such a good boy. I've very proud of you." She then began the process of pulling the skin of my scrotum taut and shaving away the wispy hairs. After that, it only took a few strokes from the base of my penis to its neck to render me free of body hair.
After grazing her fingers over the freshly shaved skin and finding no stubble at all, she whispered under her breath, "There we go. Now your little wee-wee has no place to hide."
Mrs. Taylor had me return to the bathwater and rinse myself off. As I rose back up from the tub, the water cascaded down my smooth, pale body and I'd never felt so naked. I was completely free of hair. My skin looked even more pale than usual. The head of my penis was a brilliant pink color and its shaft pulsed with excitement.
Mrs. Taylor held my hands and helped me from the tub. She stood on the floor as I stepped first on the wide, tiled ledge surrounding the tub. For that brief moment, Mrs. Taylor and I were the same height. I couldn't resist stealing a quick peek down her blouse at the perfumed canyon between her giant breasts. Of course, this didn't go unnoticed by Mrs. Taylor, she caught me, but didn't say a word. Taking the next step onto the bathroom floor in front of her, I found myself looking up into her eyes while she towered above me.
She kept hold of both of my hands and held them up at my shoulder level. My skinny, pink penis was stiff and poking straight up. I squeezed my legs together and tried to turn my hips away. No matter what I tried, I couldn't hide from her gaze. She seemed to devour my body with her eyes.
She was twice my age, she towered over me and was so confident. She stood there fully clothed while I was utterly naked without even a hair to hide behind. I found myself feeling terribly embarrassed, insecure and immature.
It seemed as though I stood there in my bare skin for hours while she memorized every inch of my body. I squirmed where I stood, blushing from head to toe. While my skinny penis throbbed before her eyes.
Still holding my hands, she led me across the room to retrieve a fresh towel. Guiding me back to the tub, she sat on the ledge and began drying the bathwater from my body. The feeling of that towel sliding across my freshly shaved skin was a completely new sensation. It felt like it was caressing my body instead of just drying me off.
My hips squirmed around while she dried my body and I giggled when she addressed my ticklish spots. When my body was dry, she sent me across the room to hang up the towel on the rack. When I turned back to face her, I bashfully covered my stiff penis with both hands.
In a low voice, she said, "Oh yes. This is much better. Sweetheart, you're much more fun to look at when you're naked."
I shivered and blushed. She had already seen me naked. She knew my penis was stiff. I fought with my brain and forced myself to lower my hands away from my penis. I bit my lip and looked at the floor, even though I'd managed to work up the courage to lower my hands, I didn't have the strength to look her in the eye.
In that same low voice, "Baby boy, you're absolutely precious."
While she spoke she walked toward me. Once I was within reach, she took my naked body in her arms and hugged me. She embraced me against her large, soft body and I looped my skinny, pale arms up around her neck. She laid a hand behind my neck and pulled the side of my face against her giant, soft breasts. The scent of her musky perfume and the brandy on her breath reinforced the difference in our ages in my mind.
"Yes, this is very nice. Sweetheart, your body is simply too precious to be hidden behind body hair or clothes." Her large, soft hands slid up and down my naked back and butt cheeks. "You are officially forbidden from wearing anything while we're together in this house. The only exceptions will be your apron and rubber gloves. And you'll only wear those while you're cleaning."
My skinny thighs were straddling one of her wide, thick thighs and I couldn't stop myself from gently humping my stiff penis against her. Her hands slid down my back and cupped my butt cheeks. She guided the speed of my humping and whispered in a gravelly voice, "You don't need to say a word, Kitten. I can feel how stiff you are. And that alone tells me that you're going to love running around naked, almost as much as I'm going to love watching you run around naked."
One of her warm, soft hands slid up to my lower back. The other firmly slapped my left cheek. I squeaked and jumped against her body. I broke into the giggles while looking up into her eyes, she whispered, "I've wanted to smack your cute little ass since the day you move in!"
My voice was squeaky when I said, "You can smack my ass anytime!" And like a tease, I wiggled my bottom back into her hands.
She leaned down low enough that her lips brushed against mine. "Kitten, you don't want to make offers like that unless you're willing to live up to them." And to prove her point, she slapped my cheek even more firmly than the first time.
I chirped softly, bit my lip and whispered, "I meant it."
Her open palm slapped against my cheek even harder and the sound of flesh striking flesh echoed around the room. "Did you now?"
While continuing to shamelessly hump myself against her wide thigh, I whimpered, "Yes!"
She embraced me against her soft body and growled into my ear, "You have the most spank-able ass I've ever seen. I suggest you get used to having this tight little ass of yours beaten on a regular basis." Her hands slid down until she held a cheek in each one. She then squeezed them and pulled me against her body. Her fingernails were digging into my delicate flesh when she growled, "Baby boy, have you ever gotten a real spanking? Not a few playful smacks on the behind, but real spanking?"
Grinding myself against her warm, thick thigh, I whimpered softly, "No, not really, Mrs. Taylor."
She chuckled softly before saying, "You're in for a treat. When you're standing naked, with your nose in the corner, tears rolling down your face and a freshly beaten bottom, you're going to feel forgiven for every mistake you've ever made."
Arching my back deeply while grinding myself against her thigh, I moaned softly, "Mrs. Taylor..."
She nipped my ear with her teeth before asking, "Yes? What's wrong, Sweetheart?"
Her fingernails were digging into the tender flesh of my cheeks. She was spreading them far apart and controlling the speed of my humping by pulling me toward her. I whimpered softly, "Mrs. Taylor... I'm going to... if we don't stop..."
She pressed her thigh further between my legs so I needed to stand on my tiptoes. Her hands holding my cheeks kept me pulled in close to her. "You're going to, what? You're going to squirt your boy juices?" She squeezed my cheeks and spread them wide apart. "That would be a pity. Because if you squirt your juices onto my leg, I'll have to force you to lick up your mess." She dug her fingernails even deeper into my tender flesh, "And then I'll have to spank this tight little ass. You'll get the spanking you've needed for such a long time."
I moaned against the soft breast my face was resting against. With my arms still looped around her neck, I clung to her as if my life depended upon it. My naked, hairless, pale body was so dangerously close to squirting and as I squirmed against Mrs. Taylor's thick thigh, I knew there was no way to stop it. I was going to squirt my love onto her leg. And the words she spoke still echoed in my head. She was going to make me lick it up! I'd tasted my juices before, but I'd never swallowed all of it before. The idea of it made a terribly naughty shiver race through my body. But I also knew, as soon as my penis squirted, my thoughts on the topic would change. I would be ashamed and frightened and disgusted by the concept of licking up my own creamy love. I doubted my feelings would matter very much at that point, Mrs. Taylor was not the sort of a woman to make idle threats. If she said I was going to lick it up, she would follow through with it.
And the spanking! She'd promised to spank me after I'd cleaned up my mess. I'd never, ever been punished like that before. No one had ever laid a hand on me. But I have to admit, the idea of Mrs. Taylor spanking me made my erection throb. I tried to imagine laying naked across her lap. That image alone was enough to make me thrust against her thigh in desire.
After nipping my ear with her teeth again, she groaned into my ear, "Squirt for me. Do it! Do it, so I can make you clean it with your tongue. Do it, so I can give you a proper spanking. Do it! Do it!!"
My voice chirped in a high pitch and my entire body began to spasm. My arms were wrapped tightly around her neck when my feet came up off the floor. My eyes opened wide and I looked up at Mrs. Taylor. I then squeezed them shut tightly and my head fell back against her breast. My hips were humping against her at a furious pace. I felt completely out of control. And then it happened. My penis began to ejaculate all over her thigh. I humped against her hard each time it erupted. More and more of my creamy, sperm-filled love soaked her pants.
As my orgasm was coming to an end, Mrs. Taylor leaned down and whispered in my ear, "That's a good boy." She continued to knead my cheeks and ground my body against her thigh. "Before I give you the spanking you so desperately deserve, do you remember what you have to do?"
My voice cracked and I still hadn't fully come down from that extremely powerful orgasm. "I-I-I have to lick it up."
Her hands moved away from my cheeks. One tickled my naked back while the fingers of her other hand caressed my scalp. Her voice sounded very happy and pleased, "That's right, Sweetheart. Why don't you slide off my leg and get to work."
I whimpered softly as I literally slid off of her leg. As I knelt down in front of her, I saw the smeared mess I'd made. When I looked up into her eyes, silently pleading for mercy, she grinned down at me and moved her leg closer to me. I held onto her shin with my hands and leaned forward. The scent of her musky, damp arousal made me squirm on my knees before her. I couldn't take my eyes off of the creamy mess. When I hesitated, Mrs. Taylor gently rested her hands on my head and prompted me to get to work.
Opening my mouth wide, I placed my lips around the biggest pool. I closed my eyes and sucked up my love. I slurped it out of her pants and when I leaned back to swallow the mouthful on my tongue, I glanced up and saw Mrs. Taylor smiling down at me. Her voice was deep when she moaned, "You are so fucking cute."
The taste wasn't unfamiliar or completely disgusting. But it wasn't one of my favorite flavors either. After swallowing the bulk of my sperm-filled cream, I looked back at her thigh, I saw one of my squirts had drawn a line up to where her leg met her hip. While still hugging her shin, I turned my head and sucked up that part of my mess. Swallowing it down, I went right back to work without looking up at her.
While I sucked and slurped up the rest of the mess I'd made, Mrs. Taylor caressed my scalp with her fingernails and whispered, "Yes, I'm going to enjoy keeping you naked. And this won't be the last time you clean up your mess. And Sweetheart, you cannot possibly understand how badly I've wanted to spank your skinny little ass."
After cleaning up and swallowing the last of my juices, I sat back on my heels and said, "I'm done, Mrs. Taylor."
She raised her knee and examined the moist spots that remained. She must've been satisfied those moist spots were due to my saliva because she smiled at me and said, "Yes, you are. And now it's time for you to finally receive the spanking you so desperately deserve."
She reached down and offered me her hand. Before I took it, I bit my lip and looked up at her, "Is-Is-Is it going to hurt?"
My hand was shaking when she took hold of it. She smiled warmly at me while I rose to my feet. "Yes, it is going to hurt. Punishments are not meant to be pleasant."
Standing before my lovely, full-figured landlady, I felt so many different feelings at once. I was afraid of the spanking she was about to give me. I was embarrassed and ashamed that I'd so willingly licked up my sperm-y mess from her thigh. I was terribly excited about the prospect of spending my time with Mrs. Taylor naked. And my overall feelings for that mature, confident woman had changed drastically that evening. I'd always treated her with respect, that was how I'd been raised. But after what the two of us had done that night, my level of respect for her hand skyrocketed. I was fully prepared to do whatever she told me too.
While my mind went wild trying to comprehend all the feelings and emotions washing over me, and the taste of my cream still in my mouth, I uttered softly, "Am I going to cry?"
With my hand in hers, she led me out of my bathroom, through my bedroom and back toward our main living room. It was an odd feeling to be completely naked and walk along beside Mrs. Taylor through so many rooms in our home. During that short walk, Mrs. Taylor explained, "Yes, Sweetheart you will cry. I'm not going to stop until you do. And I'm not going to accept forced tears. I'm not going to stop spanking you until your perfect little ass is bright red and you are bawling your eyes out."
My steps became smaller and Mrs. Taylor had to pull on my arm to keep me moving. When we arrived in the living room. She released my hand and spoke in a very firm tone, "Wait right here. Do not take a single step." She then walked away and brought back an armless, wooden chair from the dining room. After positioning it in the middle of the room, she sat down upon it and wagged her finger at me.
When I stood just a step away from her, she had me stop. Looking up at my already tear-filled eyes, she said, "Sweetheart, a lot has happened tonight. Our relationship has taken a drastic turn. I understand if you're afraid. If I were in your shoes, I'd be frightened too. The spanking I'm going to give you is going to hurt, badly. But know that the pain of the spanking will fade. It won't last forever. But the memory of this punishment will last for a very long time."
She reached out and took a firm hold of my hand. She pulled me toward her and I resisted. With tears rolling down my cheeks, I whimpered, "I'm afraid! Please don't spank me! I don't want to be punished! I promise I'll stay naked. I'll clean up my messes. I'll do all of it. But please..."
That night, I learned I was no match for her strength. She had me pulled across one knee with very little effort. She kept my legs pinned under her other leg and pulled my arms behind my back to keep them out of the way. My bare butt was in the perfect position for a spanking.
Mrs. Taylor wasted no time. She raised her arm and then slapped her large open palm against my bare butt with full force. I screamed and wiggled around as much as I could, but she had me pinned down very securely. Her open palm crashed against my bare flesh again. As before, I screamed and began babbling while more tears formed in my eyes and fell to the floor beneath my face.
I lost count after she'd struck me for the 17th time. I was crying so hard and struggling to wiggle away from her. She continued to beat my poor bottom until both cheeks were bright red and tender. She even spent time on the crease where my cheeks met my thighs. I later learned that is where the pain lasted the longest. It was tender to sit down for a good part of the next day.
When she finally finished, she was breathing heavily and I bawling my eyes out. My nose was running and I was drooling too! She reduced me to a sobbing mess, just like she said I would. She didn't release me right away. She kept me pinned over her knee. She rested the hand she'd punished me with on my throbbing bottom. I'm not sure if she was talking to me or herself when she said, "Oh yes. This is how this cute little ass should always look. Next time I'll have to use my belt. My hand is just as tender as your ass."
When she released me, I rolled off her knee onto the floor. I knelt at her feet and sobbed for several long moments before wiping my face with the back of my hand. The stinging pain of the punishment I'd received began to slowly fade. In its place, a warm feeling of forgiveness and love came over me. Mrs. Taylor was right, it felt as if every sin and wrongdoing I'd ever done had been completely washed away.
Looking up into her grinning face, I whimpered softly, "Mrs. Taylor?"
She stroked her fingers through my hair, "Yes, Sweetheart?"
I softly sobbed, "You said I deserved this. And you were right."
She gently rested her hand against my jaw and said, "Sweetheart, your punishment isn't quite over yet. I need you to go stand in the corner. You need time to think about what it's going to be like to continue living here. You will always be naked in my presence unless you're wearing your apron and gloves while cleaning. I'm going to continue to shave your body free of all hair. You will clean up the messes you make with your mouth. And Sweetheart, you'll be making lots and lots of messes. Last, but not least, you can expect to receive swift and severe punishments for any mistakes you make."
As I rose to my feet, I think we were both surprised to see just how stiff my little penis was. I couldn't tell you how long it had been erect, but it was very excited and drooling its juices down my pale, smooth shaft. I stood there for a few moments while I accepted that the spanking I'd received had aroused me in a primal sort of way. The pain of that spanking shouldn't have made me horny, but it did. Mrs. Taylor had introduced me to something I'd never considered even remotely arousing, masochism.
While I stood there throbbing before the woman who had punished me, I whimpered softly, "Thank you for spanking me, Mrs. Taylor." I didn't wait for her to respond, I turned around and tiptoed toward the corner of the room. I stood just away from the wall and laced my fingers behind my head, it felt like the right thing to do. The cheeks of my butt were tingling and burning. I was completely unable to keep my hips from squirming around. And from behind me, I could feel Mrs. Taylor's eyes wander over my naked backside.
I have no idea how long I stood there. I didn't dare say a word. I stood silently in the corner as I'd been told. My penis never softened, it remained perfectly stiff the entire time. I listened to Mrs. Taylor return the chair to the dining room. I heard her in the kitchen pouring herself a fresh glass of brandy. She came back to the room I stood in and sat on one of the couches. She was staring at me, I could feel her gaze. After a time, she got up and left the room again. I listened as she went to her bedroom. I heard nothing for a short time. But then she made her way back to the room I was in once again. I listened to her sit down on one of the couches.
In a soft voice, she said, "Your punishment is not over. Keep your nose in that corner."
The next thing I heard was the unmistakable sound of a vibrator. I fought to do as I'd been told. I so wanted to turn around and see her. But the last thing I wanted was to disobey her. So I stood there squirming in the corner while listening to the moist sucking sounds of the vibrator pleasuring my landlady. My mind imagined what she looked like laying on the couch, her heavy thighs spread wide while thrusting a vibrating phallus in and out of her perfect pussy.
My thoughts were interrupted when the scent of her arousal touched my senses. I kept my fingers laced behind my head and humped my penis into the corner I stood in. The squishy pink head was brushing against the texture of the wall. I knew it was leaking and leaving a mark. But I was going crazy with desire!
The wet sounds of her using the vibrator became more frantic. I could hear her breathing become raspier and deeper. She began to moan softly and mumble under her breath. The wet, sucking sounds increased to an even faster pace. Her moans and grunts became more animalistic. Until she groaned deeply while cresting in orgasm.
My skinny, bald penis was leaking all over the wall while I stood in the corner obediently. She had told me not to peek at her and I hadn't. But knowing she was pleasuring herself in the same room where I stood was incredibly arousing. It was almost too much to bear. I was breathing heavily while slowly sliding my penis along the wall. The room went almost silent when Mrs. Taylor turned off her vibrator. The only sounds were the two of us breathing.
I eventually listened to her stand up off the couch. I heard the sound of hard plastic being set down on a wooden table. And then, goosebumps rose up all over my body and I shivered in excitement as I listened to her approach the corner where I stood. With my hands still laced behind my head, Mrs. Taylor stepped in close behind me. She let her fingernails glide down my sides which made me squirm and giggle under her touch.
With her brandy scented breath, she whispered close to my ear, "Sweetheart, your punishment is over."
Lowering my hands to my sides and turning around to face her. Mrs. Taylor was completely covered by her white, terrycloth bathrobe. It covered her from her neck to mid-shin and it was cinched in snuggly around her belly. She stepped closer and trapped me in the corner. She looked down and grinned when she saw my penis was still very stiff.
Leaning in close enough that our noses were touching and her lips brushed against mine while she spoke, "Be a good boy and fill my glass." Backing away, she motioned to the end table where her empty glass sat next to the glistening vibrator she had used. My eyes zeroed in on the vibrator that had brought her so much pleasure. Biting my lip, I glance up to her eyes before stepping away from the corner.
After only a few steps, Mrs. Taylor called out to me, "Young man, what is this?"
When I turned back, I saw her pointing to the moist stain on the wall. I squirmed where I stood and whispered, "I'm sorry, Mrs. Taylor. I couldn't help it. I'll clean it up right now."
She grinned at me and uttered, "Damn right you will."
As I turned to get a cloth, she stopped me once again. "Where do you think you're going? Get over here and lick this mess off of the wall right now."
Spinning around, I didn't bother looking at her. I tiptoed back to the corner and after getting on my knees, I leaned into the corner and licked the slippery mess from the wall. I kept my hands on my knees and licked the wall long enough that I was sure I hadn't missed a drop. When I leaned back, I looked up at my landlady and asked, "Is this okay, Mrs. Taylor?"
She stood just behind me and spoke in a deep tone, "Yes, that is just perfect."
I knelt before her, completely naked with a stiff penis and devoid of body hair, looking up into her eyes. Judging by the smile on her face, I guessed she enjoyed looking down on me as much as I enjoyed kneeling naked at her feet. It felt like the place I was supposed to be. After quite a long time, I asked in a very soft voice, "Shall I refill your drink now?"
As I slowly rose to my feet, I bit my lip while glancing up at her smiling face. I smiled back at her before quickly tiptoeing across the room to the table where her empty glass and still glistening vibrator sat. After picking up the glass in my trembling hand, I timidly asked, "Um, Mrs. Taylor, would you like me to clean this too?"
She stepped close behind me before she answered. Her hands were resting on my naked hips and her lips brushed against my ear, when she whispered, "No, I'll take care of that. Just pour me a fresh glass of brandy."
Holding her glass in both hands, I tiptoed to the kitchen and carefully poured a fair amount of brandy into the delicate balloon glass. Taking the glass back in both of my hands, tiptoed back to the living room with my stiff penis bouncing along the way.
Mrs. Taylor was sitting on the couch beside the table where her vibrator rested. After handing her the glass, she said, "Thank you, Sweetheart. It's getting late and time for you to go to bed."
I stood naked and horny before my landlady. All that had occurred that evening had forever changed our relationship. She had shaved away my body hair. She had allowed me to hump myself against her thigh and then had me clean her thigh with my mouth. She had taken my naked body over her knee and given me the spanking I'd needed for so very long. And afterward, she had me stand in the corner while she orgasmed on her vibrator just a few feet from where I stood.
As I turned to head to my room, Mrs. Taylor called out to me, "Sweetheart, no pajamas tonight. I want you to sleep naked. And one more thing, you are not allowed to play with yourself. I'll be checking on you in a little bit. And if I see any signs of you pleasuring yourself, I'll start binding your wrists to the bedframe each night. Do you understand me?"
Biting my lip, I glanced into her eyes and whispered, "Yes, ma'am. I understand. Goodnight."
She smiled warmly before saying, "Come give me a goodnight kiss before you go."
Tiptoeing quickly across the room, I bent at my hips to give her the kiss she requested. As I did, she reached out and pulled my naked body onto her lap. She wrapped her arms around me and as I turned my head to face her, she leaned in and kissed me. There was no tongue, but the kiss lasted a good long time. I whimpered softly while she kissed me and her hands drifted over my bare, hairless body.
When our lips parted, she continued to hold me on her wide lap. In a soft voice, she asked, "Sweetheart, can I trust you not to touch yourself once you get to bed?" She reached out and picked up her vibrator from the end table. Every gently, she touched the tip of her vibrator to the squishy pink head of my penis. "This little penis of yours is awfully stiff." When she pulled the vibrator away from my rigid penis, a string of my creamy excitement connected the two.
As I parted my lips to answer her question, she moved the vibrator toward my mouth and brushed its slippery surface over my lips. Staring into her eyes, I licked my lips and moaned softly. Her flavor and the tasted of my excitement were mixed together. She kept the vibrator near my lips. I could smell her on the rigid phallus. And as I parted my lips to answer her again, she gently slipped the tip of it into my mouth.
We stared into the eyes of each other while she slid the vibrator in and out of my mouth. Her taste was magical and had me feeling like I was floating. My penis was so stiff, if it had even the slightest friction, it would have squirted all over my stomach. I sat here with my arms looped around Mrs. Taylor's neck while she slid the vibrator she'd used just minutes before to make herself orgasm, in and out of my mouth.
She asked in a soft voice, "Sweetheart, have you ever been with a girl before?"
I shook my head slowly from side to side while she continued to slide the vibrator in and out of my mouth.
She smiled happily, "You're a virgin?"
While nodding my head slowly, I licked and sucked on Mrs. Taylor's vibrator.
She leaned in close to my ear and whispered, "Now I'm sure I can't trust you not to touch yourself." Leaning back away from my hear, she pushed the vibrator into my mouth far enough to nearly gag me. "Sweetheart, I don't want to find something to bind your wrists with tonight." She nearly gagged me with the vibrator again, before saying. "For tonight, you'll sleep in my bed with me. It's the only way I'll know for sure that you won't play with yourself." This time she pushed the vibrator in and gagged me. "But if you lay your hands or penis on my body, I'll get the belt and beat you bloody." She then pulled the saliva covered vibrator from my mouth.
She gave me a few moments to catch my breath before sending me to turn off the lights around the house. As I slid off her lap, I half-tiptoed, half skipped around helping her shut down the house for the night. We met at the doorway to her bedroom. She held her vibrator in one hand. Mrs. Taylor looked down into my eyes and stated very firmly, "Young man, there will be no funny business tonight. Keep your hands and all other parts of your body to yourself. I was serious about that belting."
I bit my lower lip and whispered, "I understand, Mrs. Taylor. I promise I won't touch you."
She then guided me into her room and told me I'd be sleeping on the far side of the bed. After I'd gotten under the covers, Mrs. Taylor shut off the ceiling light which left the room aglow from the lamp on her bedside table. After crossing the room to stand beside her bed, she curiously shut off her lamp which left the room in complete darkness.
I lay there waiting anxiously for her to climb into bed. But what happened next, I was not at all prepared for. Her warm robe fell over my head and the scent of her body and musky perfume surrounded me. Before I even thought about moving her robe, she pulled back the covers and settled into bed beside me.
After moving the robe away from my face, I asked in a soft voice, "Mrs. Taylor, are you... I mean..."
The sound of her vibrator coming alive derailed my thoughts. I felt her bend her knees and spread her legs apart. Her foot was close enough to my leg that I could feel the warmth of her body. She moaned, "Sweetie, put your arms outside of the covers and keep them away from me and your little penis."
Biting my lip hard, I slipped my arms out from under the covers and laid them close to my sides. I lay there beside my landlady in her huge, king-sized bed. I was completely naked and hornier than I thought was possible. Just inches away, Mrs. Taylor was using her vibrator for the second time that evening. The bed shook when she thrust the vibrator in and out of herself. At other times, the sound was muffled but there was no movement.
It took a long time for her to orgasm that second time. It was torture to be so close to her, but unable to even touch myself. Eventually, her breathing became very ragged and her moaning got deeper. The entire bed began to shake and I knew she was cumming. I whimpered softly while my poor penis throbbed and leaked all on its own.
She set her vibrator on the bedside table after turning it off. Before she got too comfortable, I whispered, "Goodnight, Mrs, Taylor."
She turned to face me and moved close enough that I could feel her warm breath on the side of my face. "Goodnight Sweetheart." She then moved away from me and rolled onto her side, facing away from me.
While I lay on my back in the darkness, extremely horny, but knowing I'd have to deal with it until it passed. I whispered, "I love you, Mrs. Taylor."
She rolled over to face me once again. I crossed my arms over my stomach so she could get as close to me as she wanted. She scooted close enough that I could feel her body heat along the whole side of my body. When she began to speak, I turned to face her and our noses brushed against each other. She moved a little closer until her lips brushed against mine while she spoke.
"I love you too." She then backed away from me and the next thing I felt were her fingertips painting my lips with the juices from her pussy. After coating my lips, her hand slipped back under the covers only to return with more of her lovely juices. This time she painted a line just under my nose before slipping her fingers into my mouth. Her womanly scent made my desperate penis throb all the more. After licking her fingers clean, she whispered, "Have sweet dreams."
She rolled over, facing away from me and left me lying there with her taste in my mouth and her scent in my nose. Before long, Mrs. Taylor's breathing became very regular and I knew she'd fallen asleep. I never considered touching myself. I'd told her I wouldn't and I wasn't about to break that promise. So I lay there in the dark with a very stiff penis and tried to think of anything to make it go soft. It felt like hours that I lay there, knowing Mrs. Taylor was just inches away from me. But I did eventually drift off to sleep and the dreams I had that night were anything but 'sweet'.