NOTE: I want to thank everyone for reading and commenting. I hate to repeat myself, but your comments - named, anonymous, critical, praising - they keep me writing this. I would have gotten bored with this otherwise. You readers are fueling this story.
A big thanks to two readers - my new friends Jay and an anonymous user - who reached out to me and helped me edit both the last chapter, this one, and will hopefully continue in the future. I got quite a few complaints of my horrible typos and grammatical errors that used to get ignored, so hopefully there is now a better reading experience for everyone!
In other news, I have written six chapters in just over two weeks. Each chapter is about ten pages in a word document single-spaced, and that's how I've been measuring out length. The chapters could be longer, but I would upload less regularly. Which brings me to my other point - I have midterms, so this will probably slow down a bit. But I WILL keep these coming, especially if I get those sweet sweet comments. They stroke my ego and make me want to perform *wink wink wink*. I'm probably some sort of narcissist.
But enough about me. Here's what Aria has been up to:
*****
When Aria walked into Mr. Krocker's classroom, she could feel the teacher's eyes on her. During their last English class, Aria had been experimenting with her newfound powers, and tested their more salacious perks on him. While Mr. Jeffrey Crocker did not know that Aria was responsible for his embarrassing arousal and sticky accident, he suspected that she was the only student who could tell what exactly was going on in his pants that day. He approached her as she sat at her desk.
"Excuse me Aria, I was hoping I could talk to you for a bit."
"Sure, Mr. Krocker. What's up?" Aria was wondering where this would go.
He hesitated. "About last lesson..." The school bell rang, and the room fell quiet. "Yeah, could I just see you after class for a bit. Thanks."
She knew she shouldn't. It was too far, right? A bit mean? But she just couldn't help herself. Maybe if Mr. Krocker hadn't tried to talk to her - shown that he was rattled, she would have left him alone. Now the temptation was overwhelming.
Maybe he was extra shaken, because when Aria ran around the school before lunch throwing up porn and memes and bad music on all of the school's projectors, she had pulled up school-girl themed content on his laptop. Mr. Krocker rarely used the projector in his English lessons, and she had gone out of the way to set it up just to remind him of Wednesday's incident.
That said, he held a good poker face as he began teaching one of the worst class periods of his life. For one thing, whenever he looked out at his students and made contact with Aria, he got a boner. The more he looked, the harder he got. In order to hide his erection and keep it from growing he spent more and more of his time facing the chalkboard, trying to think of things to write down. And this worked for a while, as he wrote down vocabulary words, drew a diagram of various theories of story arcs, and so on. But there was only so much to write out in an English class, ironically enough. And on top of that, one certain student seemed to be delighting in asking him a lot of questions - more than Aria had asked in the entire rest of the year.
Luckily, Mr. Krocker had taken precautions after Wednesday's debacle. He was wearing a stiff pair of jeans that wouldn't bulge too much, and tight boxers to hold his little bad boy down. But having a hard-on while teaching his class and with his students looking up at him he had horrible flashbacks to his youth, being called up to the chalkboard at all the wrong times.
He had to sit down. Every time Aria spoke or asked a question his dick felt better and better, and when he tried to ignore her raised hand he felt a twisting punch to his gut. The bitch seemed to know exactly what she was doing to him. Fuck, why was her top pulled down so much - he made the mistake of looking at her breasts.
"Mr. Krocker, are you alright?" Fuuuck. When she said his name it was like someone had sucked his cock like a lollipop.
"Sorry, class. I've been having some issues with migraines lately. How about I show you a clip of a stage reading from the book?" The teachers had been cautioned to avoid using any media after an apparent virus had corrupted the entire school system and shown all sorts of porn to students and minors. But at this point, he had to take the risk if he didn't want to make an ass of himself.
He pulled out his school-owned laptop and pulled up the right YouTube clip, relieved that it seemed to be working normally. He lowered the projector screen, dimmed the lights, and hit play.
"OH TEACHER! Please put your fat cock into this virgin pussy!"
"You get an A+ for blowjobs. Here's the next lesson."
Damnit. Jeffrey Krocker reached for the computer mouse, which was working, gratefully, and clicked out of the porn pop-up.
He hit play on the video again, praying.
"Oxford University presents...a dramatic reading of..." The teacher sighed with relief. He heard a giggle and instinctively looked at its source. Aria smiled at him, raising an eyebrow. And then, his cock tightened up, his balls tensed and he nearly groaned as her smile seemed to rush him straight to the thin ledge that dove off to orgasm. He held it in as best he could, not breathing, trying to ignore the sweet touch that was driving him wild. By the skin of his teeth, he stopped from shooting his load into his pants like he had on Wednesday.
All he needed to do was excuse himself to the bathroom, rub one out, and then he would be back to normal. He stood up to walk out of the room, trying not to waddle awkwardly. Just as he reached the door, laughter erupted from the class. He turned around to see the screen had changed again.
"Sir, I have some questions about anatomy. You see, when I look at you, I feel all hot and tingly in the place between my legs. What's that place called? Why does that happen?"
"Why miss Galore, that is called your pussy. And it gets all hot and wet when it needs a cock."
By the time Jeffrey reached his laptop and disconnected it, the class had gotten a good look at the hairiest dick in porn. Woof. The students were all making their "ewwws" and cheers, and Jeffrey had to struggle to get them to settle down.
"So, it looks like we won't be doing that. As you all know, it seems that the school network has been infected with a virus."
One of the potheads at the back of the room raised his hand. "Yes, Jake?"
"I didn't quite catch that information earlier. What was that place between her legs called?" The class doubled over in hysterics.
"Detention! I'll see you after school." Jake didn't seem to mind as he leaned back in his seat, smirking. Mr. Krocker continued, "Okay, let's just continue by talking essays, then." The class groaned in response. "I expect you to finish the book over the weekend, and you all have an essay due next Friday. I would pull up the essay prompts on the projector, but we just saw what a bad idea that was.
As if on cue, the computer lit up on itself, moans and gasps and sighs ringing out of the weak speakers. Jeffrey rolled his eyes exaggeratedly and turned the laptop off again. He started writing essay prompts on the chalkboard and having the students copy them down on their laptops. He had several prompts, and was relieved to face away from the class for a while. His state was still less than desirable (or too desire-abled).
The laptop plinked back to life. "I'm a bad, bad girl who needs to be taught a lesson." Dear god, this stupid computer virus was making teaching impossible. He turned it off again, but it just popped back to life every time. The class was chattering as he dealt with the issue, and he surveyed them. Everybody seemed to be having a grand old time, except Aria, who was watching him too closely for comfort.
"Oh yeah, teacher! Cum on my face!" The terrible porn turned on in front of him, a point-of-view scene of the teacher cumming onto the schoolgirls face. Between the porn showing up on the screen and the intense eye contact with his beautiful student, his mind couldn't help but picture himself standing over Aria, her begging for him to shoot his hot cum all over her.
The image was more vivid than he wanted it to be, and a weak impression of his vision came to life at that moment. Holding Aria's deep gaze, hearing the uncontrolled moans of the actors in the middle of a money shot, he clenched the desk, grinding his teeth together and fell over the ledge and into the abyss.
Aria leaned forward over her desk, crossing her arms on the faux wood surface, pushing her cleavage out. Jeffrey Krocker's eyes honed in on the target, the dark lusty look in his eyes glazing over as he lost control of his orgasm. He moaned low. The class either didn't notice in their talkative disposition, or assumed he was moaning in frustration over his computer.
The reality was that his balls were squeezing hard in time with his heartbeat, his whole body burning and yearning. His cock was pulsing in his tight boxers, the fabric rubbing against him and stimulating him into a more intense orgasm. He shot rope after rope of jizz into the fabric, his dick trying it's damnedest to penetrate and inseminate the girl sitting less than ten feet in front of him.
Aria brought a pen up to her mouth, biting and licking the tip erotically, simulating the motions she had performed on him in frozen time, conditioning him to become fascinated with her. Mr. Krocker's eyes shut, his mouth gaped as he tried his best not to hump the desk. His pants were becoming soaked and sticky. With one last, unrestrainable thrust of his hips, his orgasm receded. He collapsed in the chair behind his desk. The students figured he was done fighting with his computer.
The video on the screen changed to a pop-up Youtube video of the Disney song "You're Welcome."
He was saved by the bell. The chatting class hurried out, heading to the school assembly. Jeffrey was exhausted and embarrassed and sticky. He was going to wait until the assembly was underway so he could make a break for the restroom and clean up. The stain at the front of his pants was large and blatantly obvious as to how it "came" to be.
The classroom emptied and he sighed.
"Mr. Krocker, you wanted to see me?"
Oh shit.
"Is this about my grades? Did I do poorly on the last essay? Or is it something else?"
"Sorry, could you just give me a minute? I've got another migraine."
"I would, sir," He liked the way she called him 'sir.' "but attendance is mandatory for the assembly and I don't want to be late." Sure. Like that was her reason. But he had no choice but to play her game.
"Well, in that case, you better go to the auditorium. We can talk another time."
"I'm sorry, I just freak out whenever a teacher asks to talk to me. I feel like I've done something bad." At the words 'teacher' and 'bad' he surprisingly felt a response in his lower regions. Really? He just finished! He remembered the lines from the bad porno earlier, "I've been a bad, bad girl who needs to be taught a lesson."
"Don't be worried. Go ahead to the pep rally."
"So, I'm not in trouble, Mr. Krocker?" It was like that damn sex scene all over again, but this time he was the teacher, and Aria the naughty schoolgirl. He was stuck, frozen, already getting hard again.
Aria almost had him. "Mr. Krocker? Sir?"
When she said his name like that, using titles like that, it broke him. He couldn't take it anymore.
"You've been a bad student." Aria couldn't believe she did it. What a tacky line! Unless he was actually mad... he wouldn't try to report her, would he? Aria almost wanted to dare him. He may be her teacher, but she was the one with all the power in this dynamic, whether he knew it or not.
Aria stepped closer towards him, running her fingers in a little circle on his desk. "I've been...bad?" Aria froze time, just to please him and cement the line in his head so he would continue on this train of bad, naughty, punish.
"Yes, Aria. You've been bad."
"How bad? Am I going to be punished?" Aria stuck to her role like glue.
"Do you know what you should be punished for?"
"I might have some idea, sir."
"Tell me."
"I've been breaking the school dress code, dressing like a slut." They ignored the fact that most girls wore much less clothing than Aria. Aria's sexy dress code violations were tasteful at least. Or, she hoped. Her current get-up included a shirt with a very low neckline, and short enough that when she leaned back or lifted her arms, her belly button would peek out under the hem of her shirt.
"You've been distracting the class. I see how the boys are looking at you. You think I wouldn't notice?"
"Were you distracted, Mr. Krocker?"
"Very distracted. Especially when you did that thing with your pen."
"What thing with my pen?"
"The thing where you put it in your mouth while staring at me. Were you trying to tell me something?"
"I wouldn't dare! I know most of the girls have a crush on you, but I would never make a move on you like that."
"And may I ask you, Miss Phillips, are you one of the girls with a teacher's crush?"
Aria was leaning on his desk, her leg rubbing against his.
"I am."
"That's very inappropriate, Aria. I need to punish you."
"Yes, sir." Mr. Krocker pulled out a ruler. Aria didn't have him pegged as such an old school (no pun intended) kind of guy. But at least now the cheesy dialogue would progress into something a little more fun.
"Turn around, bend over the desk." Aria knew what was coming, but wasn't sure if she would like it. She had been teasing Mr. Krocker's rockin' body all class now, and was pretty horny. Then again, spanking or BDSM (other than being tied up, maybe) never really crossed her mind. Aria slowly and seductively leaned over the desk.
The ruler bounced off of her rump, leaving a light stinging sensation. The teacher stood behind her, his heat radiating over her. Her heartbeat quickened. He struck her again, a bit harder this time. So far it wasn't really that great.
The third smack hit her lower, the ruler hitting her butt low enough that she felt reverberations of the blow in her core. She felt wetness pool in her panties. Pain and pleasure escaped her lips in a moan.
"Is my naughty student enjoying her punishment?" Aria kept quiet. Thwack. Thwack. Thwack. The more he hit her, always at different levels of forcefulness, her arousal grew. Soon enough, she began to sneak a hand between her legs, aching to rub her stiff clit.
"Stop that!" Mr. Krocker landed a quick blow that made Aria stop moving her arm. "You really are a bad girl, enjoying your punishment. We can't have that, can we? How will you ever learn?" Mr. Krocker sat down on his chair and pulled her over his lap. It was uncomfortable for Aria, her gut pressed to his thighs, his hard erection poking into her side, her breasts dangling over the floor, her ass in the air, pointed at the door. Hopefully no one was in the hallway.
Abandoning the ruler, Mr. Krocker used the flat of his hand to spank her. God, it felt so much better than the ruler. Sometimes, between spanks, he massaged her cheeks, gripping and squeezing them. Aria was really starting to feel dirty, naughty. Over the past few days she had been drugged on her newfound power. Here and now, she wasn't feeling powerful, she was feeling vulnerable, exposed, horny. She wanted to be used.
Jeffrey lifted her skirt and yanked down her panties, noting a sticky string of wetness that connected Aria's wet pussy to the fabric.
"Bad girl. Only a slut would be this wet. Are you a little slut, Miss Phillips?" He made Aria feel desperate to cum. She wanted to cum around his hard cock, drench his lap with her pleasure, and scream his name while her legs quaked around his waist.
Jeffrey's hand slid over her wetness, his hand instantly lubricated by her juices. Aria sucked air in as his fingers found the nubbin at the top of her slit. He inserted two fingers into her roughly. He fingered her, making her pussy gurgle around the intrusion. Aria was wiggling and squirming in Jeffrey's lap, stimulating his erection. Both of their eyes glazed over, caught up in their masturbation.
Aria was getting close. "MMMMMmmmm... Mr. Krocker, you're going to make me...oh fuck, I'm gonna...yesss...there, there. Fuck. Oooh."
A loud crackle and screech interrupted them. "All students and faculty must report to the auditorium for a mandatory school pep rally. The program will begin in five minutes."
Jeffrey Krocker snapped out of it. Holy shit, he had his fingers up to the knuckle's in a student's vagina. He pulled his hand out and stood up, nearly throwing Aria to the floor. "This is wrong, this is. Shit. Forget this happened. You need to go. I need to go. You need to go to the auditorium. Don't be late." He all but shoved Aria out of the classroom and closed the door behind him, separating the pair.
Aria was dazed. She was just a few seconds from cumming, and then... She was standing in the school hallway, her clothing wrinkled and pussy juice running down the insides of her legs. She looked around quickly, hoping no one was in the hall. She was lucky, everyone was already in the auditorium. She peered into the window embedded in the door, but the shutters on it were closed.
Aria took a moment to collect herself. She tried the door. Locked. Asshole.
On the other side of the door, Jeffrey Krocker was panting, leaning against the hardwood for support. His left hand was pumping up and down his shaft while his damp right hand was lifted to his nose where he could smell the arousal of the school girl he had molested. Aria, who had been bent over his knee, practically begging him to spank her. Aria with her cute little moans and tight little body. His balls clenched, and he ejaculated onto the door that Aria was standing mere inches from on the other side. Then, Mr Krocker slid to the floor, staring at his jizz on the wooden surface, and hating himself for imagining that he came all over her sexy, plump ass.
Aria left for the auditorium, stopping by the bathroom on the way to clean up. Her walking was stilted, her clit throbbed as her pussy lips rubbed together with every step. Her thighs were slick, and gently massaging her pussy juice into the other when she walked, making her legs shiny. Aria looked back down the hall, noticing a few drops that revealed her trail like breadcrumbs.
Aria was tempted to masturbate herself to completion, but it was a point of pride that she refused to do so after being so horribly cast aside by a guy. Instead she stepped into the loud din of the auditorium and found a seat on the bleachers.
The school principal stepped forward and tested the microphone. The crowd grew quiet. Aria had mostly predicted what he was going to say. The school sincerely apologized for the disgusting and inappropriate images that had been shown on school monitors today, and this was a result of some sort of computer virus. They would have emergency technicians come and take a look at the system over the weekend and the problem would be fixed by Monday, when it would be school as usual. In other news, fun, fun, fun! Homecoming was approaching and you should buy your tickets as early as possible. Also a big thanks to our sports teams - the school basketball team came out, the football team, the chess squad. We would like to congratulate somebody on their retirement...sexual education week was approaching...nearby charity events...here's the school admin talking about counseling...refurbishing the library...everyone applauded and THIS WAS SO BORING.
Aria froze time. All of the teachers in the school were seated in chairs facing the bleachers, a line of authority and solidarity among educators. She set to work to put some pep in this rally.
After a lot of fiddling with the school PA system and hooking it up to an easily stolen smartphone, and then some more fiddling with people, the stage was set.
Now, the prank might seem a little old and stale by now, but try to imagine the scene that played out that day as best as you can. The school principal is talking about a school fundraiser, when an ear-splitting "I FEEL GOOD (nanananananana). I KNEW THAT I WOULD NOW. I FEEEEEL GOOD. I KNEW THAT I WOULD, NOW."
This was accompanied by about a few dozen or so moans from in front of the bleachers as all of the school faculty, bar the principal, began to writhe euphorically in their chairs as a simultaneous, spontaneous orgasm swallowed the teachers whole. At least four of them fell out of their chairs.
Mrs. Whit-Collins had her hands on her breasts, her back arched to proudly present them as she had done to her husband in bed hundreds of times before. Mr. Jeralliber was thrusting wild pumps into the air as he always did when he came, usually from masturbating next to his sleeping wife. Mrs. Hansen had her hand down her pants and was unabashedly fingering herself in front of the school assembly, while Mr. Follin spurted cum into her hair from the row behind her.
The principal began shouting into the microphone at the orgasm army that sat in front of the wild crowd. "STOP IT. Stop this at once! Someone turn that song off!"
The teachers, of course, ignored him as they clutched their stimulated privates and orgasmed harder than any of them had in weeks.
"I FEEL GOOD! SO GOOD! I'VE GOT YOU! HEY HEY HEY HEEY!"
One by one the teacher's shaking slowed and a look of horror passed over them. Many ran out of the room, one of them having the sense to head to the PA system and turn off the song. Many of the students were now flowing out of the auditorium, while the rest were filming or taking flash photos of the chaos. Aria walked out of school into the bright sunshine. Now THAT was how you held a pep rally.
The school busses had not shown up yet, so Aria took a seat at a picnic table in front of the school. Aria was noting an angry looking cheerleading squad who missed an opportunity to perform and look sexy for all the boys in the school speaking in an angry huddle. Lindsay joined her, accompanied by another girl named Hannah.
"Lindsay, I swear. I am like ninety percent sure that a computer virus isn't like a virus that can infect people. My boyfriend is really into tech stuff, so I would know."
"Han, it's too much of a coincidence that all of the computers get a virus and then the teachers do too in the same day. And a virus and the flu are basically the same thing, so..."
"I guess. But I still don't know. I mean, yeah Mr. Buechman was out today with a cold so that sort of lines up with that idea, but I am like eighty percent sure that humans and computers can't get the same sickness, because computers aren't organic."
"Well duh computers aren't organic, why the hell would you use pesticides and shit on a computer? What I'm saying is that last year in biology the teacher said that viruses weren't technically alive, so they don't technically have to infect alive things." Hannah was beginning to be swayed by Lindsay's persuasive evidence. "Aria, what do you think?"
"What?" Aria was having trouble following their logic.
"The porn thing in class and all the teachers jizzing themselves is totally related, right? I bet it's some kind of pervert virus." Lindsay leaned in, eager for validation from Aria. She always felt so woozy and hot when Aria complimented her.
"I guess a pervert virus would make sense, but Hannah's right, viruses and computer viruses are two completely different things." Lindsay frowned. Aria almost felt bad, and decided to placate her. "Maybe there's something in the water or air."
Hannah, who wasn't programmed to adore Aria quite like Lindsay was, contested her. "Well, if that were true then why didn't the students get affected?"
Lindsay rose to Aria's defense with what would have been an intelligent point if this conversation made any sense to begin with. "Because the teachers are at school longer than the students and have been more exposed to it. Or maybe it was something in the teacher's lounge. The principal wasn't affected probably because he has a separate office."
Hannah shrunk. "Yeah, but that means that the two things can't be related, unless...I don't know... Someone messed with everyone on purpose?"
Aria froze, surprised at how close they actually were to the truth.
Lindsay's eyes widened "Oh my god, like a terrorist attack? Like someone came in and infected the computers with a virus and put something in the teacher's water? That makes so much sense."
Aria relaxed again. Yeah, they had no clue whatsoever. She really had to stop being so paranoid.
The conversation was interrupted by a loud cheering and commotion coming from a little ways off. The cheerleading squad, which consisted mostly of teen sluts without any morals or conservative pieces of clothing to their names, was running out to the center of the front yard of the school. They waved their pompoms and drew as much attention as possible from the portion of students who relied on school busses to get home and were unable to drive or walk home.
Lauren headed the tip of the spearof the determined squad, and on reaching a nice central location, she cried out "Who are we?" to which the rest of the squad replied "Panthers!" She repeated the question, "Who are we?"
'Ho-bags,' Aria thought.
"PANTHERS!" The ho-bags decried.
"Five six seven eight!" Lauren prompted once a sufficient crowd had gathered. The group began a music-less tacky line dance, which soon enough devolved into a saucy, semi-coordinated twerkfest. One half of the team was running their hands up and down their bodies, swishing their hair around and swaying their hips. A few cheer tricks were thrown in to keep up the illusion that they were a cheerleading squad and not a travelling troupe of exotic dancers. The other half of the girls were swinging pompoms in simultaneous gestures with their backs to their audience, rapidly twisting and jerking their hips to make their asses wiggle.
Aria waited for the perfect moment. With a little patience, and focused observation...there!
Half of the girls were frozen in time with their hands running up their bodies. Aria unfroze and froze time in quick succession so that the majority of the girls had their hands in the right place, and she got to work. She pulled up the shirts/training bras that constituted a uniform so that when time restarted, it would look like this particular part of the routine had a titty flash choreographed into it. The girls were now proudly holding and presenting their perky young breasts to the student body.
The other half of the squad girls were on their hands and knees, facing away from the school. Aria pulled up their skirts, and pulled down their shorts and underwear. She considered making all of the girls orgasm publicly, but decided against it. She had already played with that idea enough for one day, plus she refused to pleasure Lauren Valdevilia. But something was missing. It took her a while to figure out what.
She rummaged through some random backpacks until she found what she wanted, a fine-point and a regular sharpie. She returned to the cheerleaders, and found the lead bimbos derriere, sticking out and mooning the afternoon sun. Aria gave it a good hello slap in lieu of a handshake, and began tracing an outline with the fine-tipped pen. The goal was to make it look like a real tattoo. Hey, there was a thought, tattooing someone by surprise. Maybe later. Aria carefully filled in the lines of her masterpiece.
Time resumed again, and smiles spread like a contagion to the now unsurprised audience. This just seemed to be how Friday was going, at this point. The front facing cheerleaders realized their predicament immediately, but none of them were looking at eachother, so they just fixed their tops, blushing hot red and continued with the dance routine. The girls on their hands and knees were not so lucky.
This was easily the best part of the routine. The girls in the front began to circle around and notice the nude posteriors of their teammates, but haltingly continued dancing. The ground gang continued their sexy twerk and even did a synchronized butt smack before some of them caught onto their predicament. Aria couldn't hold in her laughter anymore. The sight of Lauren's bare ass mooning the school, jiggling from her dance spank with the scripted tattoo that spanned across both cheeks: "Insert Cock" with arrows pointing towards her anus and vagina.
The girls of the team all started screaming, helping each other get decent. Wolf whistles and heckles rang out. Aria almost wondered why they even bothered getting dressed again, it's not like their cheer outfits left much to the imagination anyways. Plus, at least a quarter of the guys in school had seen one or another of the cheerleaders' bare shaking asses or cupped boobs.
"Thank god I'm not a cheerleader." Lindsay tore Aria's eyes from the scene. Indeed, Lindsay was not a cheerleader. Weird, she seemed like the type and all her friends were on it.
"Why aren't you a cheerleader, actually?" Aria had to know.
"Oh, I used to be, but the school won't let me back on the team until I get my grades up. Maybe," Lindsay surveyed the commotion, "that's a good thing after all."
Well there you have it. There's always a silver lining.