Sally curled her fingers in the soft white sand, digging them in to find the cooler sand below. The scent of sun cream filled her nose and the sun drummed on her skin until it prickled in the heat. The sound of children squealing in the sea rose over the steady crash of waves some way off. Closer, she heard John's mum turn the pages of her book laying beside her, her long bronze legs shining.
Sally gazed up at the azure sky and her eyelids felt heavy as she watched a white plane trail snake across it.
***
Sally sensed the serpent sidling,
Across the beach as she lay idling.
It whispered over sandy ripples,
A breeze awoke her sun-kissed nipples.
The serpent brushed her ankle slightly,
Sally closed her eyes more tightly.
It slithered a loop around her neck,
Then squeezed a little as if to check,
Her pulse had quickened just enough,
To tell the snake, she wants it rough.
Her wrists and ankles bound the same,
The giant snake entwined her frame.
Slipping on her sun-creamed sweat,
It nudged her crotch and found it wet.
Sally's thighs were parted wide -
Would the serpent push inside?
A forked tongue took her by surprise,
and Sally rolled her half closed eyes.
Her pussy painted quite the picture,
pouting as the creature licked her.
Sally gave no thought to escaping,
noticed her friend John's mouth gaping:
He watched the serpent scene unfolding.
Sally gawped at what he was holding -
He pumped his hard dick with his hand, watching Sally on the sand.
The serpent pushed its head inside -
in Sally's head she moaned and cried.
The thing felt huge, its neck was fat,
Nudging deeper in her twat.
John was watching without speaking,
Sally's snake-stuffed cunt was leaking.
Sally writhed and arched her back,
Its pointed tail had found her crack.
She heard the pounding of her heart,
As her cheeks were forced apart.
Her little hole was tight and pungent
Slippery with her pussy's unguent.
The creature flexed and poked its tail,
Up that hole to make her wail.
It slipped in deep and kept on going,
The head still fucked her without slowing.
The fullness of her snake-packed bum,
Sally knew would make her come.
The coil grew tighter on her throat-
Her mind began to drift and float.
She saw herself as John would see,
Double-fucked with writhing glee.
A drip of precum tipped his cock,
Sally felt an electric shock.
Another and she began to reel,
It must be some electric eel!
It shocked her tits and rasped her tummy,
Her holes were both becoming cummy.
Pain danced with pleasure in her mind,
The creature probed her tight behind,
And wetly fucked her sloppy cunt.
It flipped her over on her front,
Displaying her arsehole full of snake:
Coming, Sally began to wake...
***
Sally realised with a start that she was lying on the beach beside John's mum trying to figure out if she had just come in reality or in her strange dream. Her body was slick with sweat from the sun beating down on her and her legs were quite wide apart - she must have moved them while she slept.
Her pussy felt soaking and she wondered if it showed through her dark bikini. A man walked past, looking first at John's mum's tanned legs and then straight at Sally's wet crotch on the sand.
Sally saw that John and his dad were making their way back up the beach with their boards. She made no move to close her legs. 'Let them look,' she thought, hopefully.
John was lean and wiry, with tanned skin and sun-bleached, straw-coloured hair. His dad was built more thickly, but still athletic-looking since he was a keen surfer. His hair was the same light colour, but cropped shorter and flecked with a little grey. Both their bodies looked like they could show Sally a thing or two, she thought, as she lay sweating and horny.
But she knew that, in fact, John didn't know too much about girls - the friends had confided in each other about their limited sexual experience and ever since, there had been an increase in the chemistry between them.
Still, at that moment in time she felt like they could do quite a bit of learning together. Or maybe John's dad could sort her out, Sally thought - she'd seen him looking at her as though he was imagining it.
Sally dug her toes in the sand as the men came closer, dripping salt water and sparkling in the sun.
She could see that John had noticed her position - he was trying to work out where to look, and she thought his trunks were twitching.
"Hello ladies, don't over exert yourselves, will you?" John's dad said, crashing to the sand between them and giving John's mum a kiss. She squealed.
"Don't! You're getting me all wet."
"Not in front of the kids, Inge!" he joked.
"Dad!" John sat the other side of Sally, still breathing hard from the surfing.
"Did you see me wipe out just then, Sal?"
John was looking at his friend's breasts shining with sweat and cupped snugly by her bikini. He was trying to imagine her fully naked.
"No," Sally replied, raising herself up a bit to look at John drying in the sun. "Was it massive?"
She glanced at his crotch as she asked, and imagined licking the salt from his abs and tugging his board shorts down.
"Yeah, I had to swerve to avoid someone and stacked it completely. It must have looked pretty mental. It's big out there today."
Sally noticed that on her other side John's dad was gently touching his mum's leg and whispering to her.
'Horny old goat,' she thought. And then, 'Lucky bitch.'
Sally announced, "I might go in and cool off. I'm all sticky."
She stood abruptly, and her pussy was close enough to John's face that she wondered if he'd smell her. She wasn't lying about being all sticky after all, and it felt like she had pissed herself. She was quite certain now that she really had come in her sleep, dreaming about that sea snake.
She set off, knowing that both he and his dad could see her little round arse wiggling as she went, her bikini slightly riding up between her sweaty cheeks - she'd nearly outgrown it but figured it would do for one more summer.
"Hold up, I'll come with you."
John ran to catch up, struggling a little with a bulge in his shorts.
Sally tossed her long blonde hair and flashed him a smile. He was handsome. His dad was full-on hot and she could see he was heading that way - he just was a bit more delicate. She liked the look of his hands and sometimes thought about sucking his fingers, tasting herself on them.
She knew her young body had started to turn heads in the last few years. Although she felt self-conscious about her height - she was shorter than the girls she knew - she liked her breasts and her pale green eyes and freckled, button nose, which gave her a sexy, impish look. A nymph, she told herself.
She had full pink lips that looked made for kissing, both on her face and between her legs, and she'd taken great care to make her pussy completely bald for the holiday. It was the first time she'd done it and her reflection startled her when showering now, as she could see her vulva at all times. It screamed for attention right now beneath her bikini as she wiggled down the beach next to John.
It occurred to Sally that she needed to pee. Maybe in the sea?
The waves were indeed high, and there were a few more surfers further out carving across them and then disappearing into the crashing foam.
John was a few steps ahead of her, waiting. Sally had intended to get gradually into the cold water and cool off from her sunbathing, but clearly the sea was in charge, and she would get wet on its terms not her own.
Waves crashed against her knees, splashing up to chill her instantly and she felt the power of the swell as it dragged sand back against her ankles ready for the next wave. John was reaching a hand out for her but she wanted to prove she didn't need help, and also hoped to find a space to pee. However, the churning water looked challenging.
She battled through more waves until she was up to her waist, the horny heat of the beach a distant memory. Salt spray had drenched the rest of her and her hair clung to her face - she saw that her nipples were rock hard from the cold. As she strode forward the ground dropped away and for a second she looked up to see where John was, and a big wave caught her off guard and swept her legs from under her just as they were realising the change in depth.
Sally was caught in a roaring turmoil - she felt the sandy bottom bash against her and then saw a flash of sky. A powerful surge was still holding her and pulling her into the next wave. She began to panic and took on a mouthful of salt water, fighting the force of the water but not knowing which direction to struggle in. Hands had found her, and suddenly she was above the surface, with air and relief flooding through her, and it was John's hands not the sea pulling her along now.
They were beyond the breaking waves now and the water simply rose and fell - John was swimming a little to maintain their position but they were out of the crashing. He looked at her with concern as Sally spluttered and blushed.
"Are you ok?"
"Yeah, sorry. I'm ok. Thanks for the lifeguard bit. I wasn't concentrating enough. It's not my first time in the sea, really."
Sally looked down and realised that her bikini had spilled one of her boobs as she was flung around. It was pressed against John's chest, looking exposed and fragile with its dark rigid nipple poking into him and both their chests rose and fell as they panted. John noticed too with a smile.
"Perk of being a lifeguard," he said.
Sally giggled, still flustered, and slipped it back into her bikini top. John hadn't let her go and she didn't want him to. But she was quite desperate to pee now, and the prospect of fighting back through the waves and then a long walk to some horrible beach toilets where she might have to queue seemed a ridiculous idea.
She was wondering how to politely escape John's grip enough to gain some space so he wouldn't feel it if she just let go, when suddenly John kissed her.
It was such a surprise, and she found herself kissing him back, but she also found herself weeing against him, her body giving in and releasing. Warmth surrounded them as Sally sighed into the kiss.
John pulled back and asked quizzically, "Are you peeing, Sal?"
"Mm-hmmm, sorry." She blushed hard but kept going - there was no stopping now, kiss or no kiss.
She felt John's fingertips against her pussy under the water - he was touching her while she pissed against him, feeling the flow!
"Wow, it's so warm," was all John said, and then he continued kissing her while she emptied her bladder against him, and he caressed the outline of her gushing pussy through her bikini under the water.
She had finished peeing, and still John was playing gently with her cunt in a way that was making her toes curl. She felt his cock, rock-hard against her. She was about to slip a hand into his board shorts when they both noticed that they had drifted some way from where they started.
"Ah, bit of a rip here it looks like. Stay close to me and grab hold if you need to. We'll pick a diagonal line in the direction it's already taking us and get back to shore. Might have a bit of a walk on the beach. Hopefully this boner you've given me will have worn off by then - it's like swimming with a rudder!"
John was laughing as they set off. Sally reached for him and squeezed his hard dick briefly, thrilled at its firmness, and then turned her attention back to not drowning.
It was tiring making progress and Sally tried not to panic- as they crossed the break of the waves it took less effort to go in the direction they wanted to and the waves carried them forward, although frustratingly then sucked them back almost as far.
"Don't fight the swell, just pick the right moment to swim," John shouted.
They finally reached water shallow enough to stand and strode through the foam back to the beach, Sally checking that her tits hadn't escaped again. What an adventure her quick dip to cool off had been. And she noticed that despite the distraction the fear had provided, and the relief of emptying her bladder, she was still horny as hell. Images of her dream returned to her, and she smiled at John, checking if he had managed to control his erection. Sort of, she decided.
"Nice trunks," she teased him, and blew him a kiss.
It was a long walk, and the sun beat down and dried the salt on their skin and stiffened their hair. Both of them turned heads on the beach, Sally noticed - she certainly saw a couple of girls look at John's body with interest from behind their sunglasses and magazines.
She had the usual looks. Men weren't subtle, they would look straight at your cunt and think you wouldn't notice, Sally thought to herself. It was sopping again, as it happened.
When they got back to their place on the beach, John's dad was lying asleep in the sun like some large majestic ape, and Sally tried hard not to look at the bulge of his dick as he lay shining and toned.
'Fuck, imagine riding that man' she thought briefly. She really didn't know which of the two turned her on more, but something about how confidently he held John's mum made Sally think John's dad could give her the sort of seeing to she kept dreaming of.
John's mum looked up from her book. She had wavy auburn hair with blonde highlights and a pretty face that looked younger than it was. Shades hid her blue eyes.
"Oh good, I was starting to worry."
Inge had a bemused way of talking to them both that seemed like she couldn't work out if they were having sex or not. So it wasn't clear if the implication that they'd been gone a long time was loaded with suspicion that they'd been fooling around in the sea. Sally was blushing anyway. Inge was a sexy woman, she thought, and so self-assured. She pictured her with John's dad, not for the first time.
"I was thinking we might head back to the house soon, it's baking here and getting crowded. We can fix some lunch and hang out by the pool maybe. What do you guys think?"
"Yeah, sounds good to me, I'm starving," John said. "You'll have to wake this oaf up though."
John gave his dad a gentle kick. The two were close, both having an active, easy-going nature.
"Who's an oaf?"
John's dad smiled and swiped to grab an ankle, his eyes still closed. He got Sally's, and she shrieked a little in surprise. Bill's eyes opened suddenly when he felt the smooth skin.
"Oh, sorry Sal, I was after son of oaf!" He let her go.
His large hand wrapped tight around her little ankle had been enough to make her mind wander though. Her clit stood to attention.
"How many times have I told you Bill, no grabbing Sally!"
Inge joked as though it were a repeat offence. The girl was blushing again, and Inge seemed to enjoy making that happen.
John was walking on his hands, apparently bored of the mild flirting that didn't involve him.
"Show-off!"
Sally pushed him over in the sand. This time it was John who grabbed her ankle, and she relished the opportunity to compare his grip with his dad's - again her mind wandered to a place where she had both men at once, and then the snake's pushing in both her holes came to mind.
"No-one said I couldn't grab you," John said.
So he had been listening.
Sally struggled playfully, and John let go, fearful of getting another hard on for all to see.
They gathered their things and trudged back to the car, where Sally pulled on some jeans over her bikini and checked her reflection in the car window. Her nipples were poking again, and her blonde hair was looking wavy and wild, thick with salt. She couldn't quite believe she had peed on John during their first kiss. He hadn't seemed appalled, more fascinated and she recalled the feel of his fingertips on her hairless pussy.
In the car on the way back, Sally reached out for John's hand and gave it a squeeze, then held it, pulling it against her thigh.
When they arrived, John's parents busied themselves in the kitchen while Sally and John went off to get changed. Their rooms were opposite each other, and Sally left her door ajar and stripped off quickly, until she stood naked in the centre of the room watching the crack in the door. She thought she saw it move slightly. She touched a finger between her legs and her pussy lips were swollen and spilling her clear nectar. She spread it lightly over the lips and teased the hooded bud of her clit, rolling it.
John stepped quietly past the door, not quite into the room but enough for Sally to see he was there, looking at her touch herself for him, with wildfire in his eyes.
Neither spoke a word. Sally licked her fingertip and it tasted sweet. John's eyes were bulging almost as much as his board shorts. He stared at her bald, naked pussy as it leaked on her fingers.
Sally stepped over to the bed and lay back on it, propping a pillow so she could see John as she parted her legs wide and began to masturbate for him in earnest. She'd never had a spectator before, and it was wildly erotic - she already felt that she could come any second. After all, she had been on edge all morning, and right now John was watching as she brought her other hand between her legs and slipped a finger into her sopping slit.
She was amazed at how wet she was. She was also keenly aware that the door was still open and that John's parents were really not far away - the holiday rental wasn't huge after all - and she couldn't be in a more brazen position than spread out naked like this, fingering herself sloppily in front of their son.
The thought of all three of them watching her was enough to tip her over, and Sally began to shudder violently as she came.
She bit her lip and slid another finger into her clutching cunt as she fixed her eyes on John and was lost in the waves of her orgasm.
Moments later, Sally was on her feet skipping over to him in the doorway, her tits jiggling as she moved. She held her fingers to his lips, slimy with her cum, and he opened them obediently.
Once he had cleaned them for her, she coaxed John into the room and closed the door, kissing him fervently and tasting her own pussy on his tongue.
"That was so fucking hot. I can't tell you how beautiful you are," John whispered.
Sally simply smiled happily, still glowing. In a hurry (lunch would be ready soon, no doubt), she dropped to her knees in front of John and tugged his shorts down - almost caught in the face by his hard cock springing free suddenly.
She gazed up at him for a second with her mouth open, so he could see his dick beside her freckled little face, her mouth open and desperate for him.
Then she engulfed it.
She'd seen this done on video clips online, but never had a cock in her mouth before. She decided to go with the theory that making her lips and tongue behave like a tight cunt massaging the shaft would probably be the best approach, and enjoyed watching John's expression as she explored his balls with her hands. She tried to see how much she could fit in her mouth and gagged as his bell end touched the back of her throat. She swirled her tongue against him, and bobbed and sucked to try and coax his cum from him. John's dick did not need much persuasion, it turned out.
"Ah...Fuuuuuck!" John swore quietly as Sally's mouth began to fill up with pulses of hot, thick semen.
'So this is how cum tastes,' Sally thought, and then 'God, there's a lot!'
Her mouth was full, and still John's cock kept jerking and spurting, until cum spilled out from between Sally's lips and ran from her chin in strands to decorate her tits. It seemed as though John had been saving it for her for years.
She released his penis, trying not to gob any more cum down herself, and swallowed what remained in her mouth before giving John a cum-glazed smile. He cradled her messy face in his hands and Sally saw that he loved her. She wanted to fuck him, but it would have to wait. She kissed him again, and then wiped her mouth on her damp bikini. Should she shower and brush her teeth before sitting down with his parents? Certainly some clothes were probably in order, although she'd love to see his dad's face if she strolled through the door with her bald little wet pussy on show.
Lunch was delicious, thrown together with fresh local ingredients. Grilled freshly-caught fish, a salad, torn bread to mop up the oil, balsamic and ripped basil leaves - It was the sort of lunch that tastes of sunshine, she thought, sipping sparkling water and catching the eye of first John and then, blushingly, his dad.
After lunch nothing was planned, and the four of them made use of the down time, lazing by the pool.
Bill had loped off inside and was pottering about somewhere. John's mum dozed in a deck chair, her body looking incredible, Sally thought with envy. John was reading in the shade of a tree on a patch of grass beside the pool, and before long he was snoozing too - all four had been up quite late playing cards.
Sally realised her sun cream was in her room, and stood quietly, padding away on bare feet over the hot stone slabs to find it. Her feet were silent too on the cool tiles as she approached her room. As she was about to step through the door though, she saw Bill in the room, busy with something.
Intrigued, Sally watched in silence.
In the corner near her pile of laundry, he held her knickers in his hand, pressing them to his nose, and his other hand moved busily. He was facing away, so although Sally couldn't see his actual cock, it was clear he was wanking vigorously as he sniffed the section of her little thong that had spent the whole of the sweaty previous day pressed tightly against her arsehole.
Sally was immensely turned on by how totally engulfed he was with passion for her scent, and how forbidden his actions were. While his wife slept by the pool, here he was sniffing his son's girlfriend's (if that's what she was) dirty little thong, and wanking like a chimp at the scent of her cunt and arse.
Sally stepped abruptly into the room. Bill turned, looking horrified, but Sally whispered,
"Let me help with that," as she looked at the size of his huge swollen cock, still in his hand.
"Sally, I'm so sorry..."
"Shhhhh" Sally was already in front of him, her little hands stroking his raging hard on reassuringly.
"Carry on with those please," she said, and she knelt down in front of her second cock of the day.
Bill's expression mixed incredulity with lust - horny little Sally wanted to suck his cock while he sniffed her thong! In for a penny in for a pound, was the expression that crossed his mind as he felt the heat of her mouth enclose him. He returned the cunt-clogged slip of fabric to his nose and inhaled the nastiest aroma he could find in it. It was the pure, intimate essence of the sexy young girl who not only endorsed his depraved behaviour, but was right now on her knees choking herself happily on her boyfriend's dad's big dick.
Sally was enjoying herself. She was comparing Bill's cock to his son's. It was larger and thicker, although a little less hard and while Bill was clearly responding to her sucking, she didn't think he would come quite so readily. His balls had a manly scent and Sally imagined them swinging against Inge's cunt. She suddenly thought of the infidelity she was embroiling him in - of his wife finding Sally on her knees like this, slurping on his prick like a slut.
She took her mouth off his cock and looked up at the muscular man still enjoying her thong. He lifted her to her feet simply, and touched her between her legs, inside her bikini. His fingers found her clit easily and knew what to do with it. She was soaking wet for him, and as he played with her pussy in a way that made her forget her doubts, she gripped his cock hard with her hand and whispered,
"Fuck me. Right now. Quickly."
Bill didn't take his time. He pulled down her bikini and bent her forward, then pushed his big dick into her dripping cunt. He didn't know he was the first to do it, or he might have spent longer and been gentler (or perhaps left her for his son).
But Sally wasn't going to tell him, and she didn't want to make love, she wanted to be fucked. And done quickly from behind by John's dad worked just fine for her.
'Jesus, he's big,' she thought. Her little cunt worked overtime to fit him in. He was diddling her clit as he pushed inside her and began to fuck her as though wanking his dick with her body. His other hand grabbed her sweaty tits. It smelled potently of her cunt in this room now. 'How long before the others wake?' Sally wondered.
There was a quiet slapping and she could hear that her cunt had become sloppy where Bill pounded her. He took a fist full of her blonde hair and used it as a handle to pull her back against him - Sally moaned a little. Fuck, he was going to make her come.
Bill let her hair go and ran his fingers down her spine - Sally was arching her back and pushing against him, quickly learning how to take a dick from behind. His thumb slipping between her cheeks and pressing against her arsehole took her by surprise though. She was more startled still when he pushed it through the little hole and up inside her. She felt it wiggle up her bum just as she was coming, suddenly recalling her dream about the snake pushing in both her holes.
She looked back at John's dad over her shoulder and whispered,
"Harder! I'm coming."
He grunted, and increased the intensity of his thrusts, shoving his thumb in all the way to the base of it and feeling the girl flex and clutch around his digit, as his anal probing completed her climax.
It was the hardest orgasm Sally had ever had and she was still shaking when Bill suddenly pulled out of both her holes and pushed her to her knees. His cock was clotted with her cum and also clearly about to erupt everywhere. Sally opened her mouth to engulf the pulsing monster, and tasted her cream seconds before her mouth was filled to overflowing with his.
She gagged on the quantity - it must be hereditary, she thought, as once again she struggled to swallow a load that kept on coming. Her cunt felt open and ravaged and her anus was still baffled by the intrusion. She wanted John to kiss them both gently. She finished swallowing his dad's semen. Then she told him,
"Thank you, I enjoyed that. Our little secret?"
"One hundred per cent Sally. I really should not have done that..."
She gave a little giggle.
"I didn't give you much choice. I wanted it so badly."
"Anyway, I came to find my sun cream. Here it is. You can keep those if you like."
Sally nodded to the little thong still clutched in Bill's hand.
She picked up the sun cream, and pulled her bikini bottoms on to cover her freshly-fucked holes, stowed her tits back in her top and then skipped out of the room to head back to the pool.
John's mum was awake now and reading, giving the flushed girl only a quick look as she returned. She didn't assume she'd just taken a dicking from her husband and guzzled his cum. Sally went and lay beside John under the tree.
She felt guilty that she'd just fucked his dad - he did look beautiful asleep in the shade and she wanted to wake him with a kiss. But probably she tasted of cum, and she wasn't quite sure of how much she wanted his mum to watch her kissing her son. Maybe... She pondered that for a bit.
John had woken.
"You ok, Sal? You been for a run?"
"No, just over-heated in the sun." Sally blushed.
'Your dad was just pounding the shit out of me while I came with his thumb up my arse, that's why I look a bit ruffled,' Sally thought.
Sally was certain John's mum was looking at her differently, as though she could tell the girl's pussy was still leaking. Sally took a nap in the sun, revisiting in her head her experiences with John and his dad so far that day.
****
Bill had heard there was going to be night surfing on the same beach that evening - it was a full moon and the surf looked manageable. He and John discussed it excitedly as John had never been at night before. John was clearly torn though, also wanting to spend the evening with Sally.
"It's ok," she whispered to him when they were alone. "You should go, it will be epic. Come find me afterwards, ok?"
After dinner, Inge announced,
"You boys shouldn't be the only ones to enjoy the full moon tonight. Sally and I are going out for cocktails."
"We are?" Sally looked quizzically at John's mum, who clearly meant it.
Bill laughed. "Be careful with those white Russians, you know how you get!"
"Tell me Bill, how do I get?" Inge glowered at him, pouting with mock offence.
"Pregnant." Bill was chuckling at his own joke and Inge jabbed him in the ribs.
"Look out for sharks tonight, won't you, you big dumb walrus."
John and his dad left in a chaotic kerfuffle of kit and chatter, John snatching a kiss from Sally before he went. Bill copped a feel of Inge's tits as he also gave her a kiss. Then they were gone, and Inge poured two glasses of wine and put on some music, before flouncing off to get ready.
"We'll head into town in about an hour or so, that sound ok? I'm going to find something outrageous to wear," she called out to Sally.
Sally sipped her wine and felt extremely grown up, about to head to a bar with Inge - she also felt bad about fucking her husband. Inge was great, she thought - always so classy, and always treating Sally as an equal.
"Is this a bit much?" Inge reappeared in the kitchen just as Sally was wondering what she herself would wear.
Sally was speechless - John's mum wore a tight black dress that failed to cover very much of her, with a plunging neckline and a snug fit around her bottom, finishing just below it. 'If she's wearing any knickers at all they must be miniscule,' Sally thought.
"The opposite if anything," she replied with a bit of a giggle. What would Bill say, she thought, and then remembered he was hardly one to judge after earlier.
"I'm just not sure if it crosses a line, I don't want to get arrested for soliciting..."
As she said this, Inge turned away from Sally and bent forward, so the girl could check for her whether her dress riding up actually exposed her pussy. In fact it did, and Sally determined that there were indeed some knickers on her friend's mum's plump cunt, and that they were indeed tiny.
"Well I think you'd be a successful solicitor in that... But maybe don't lean forward like that."
"Guilty as charged. Can't have you out-shining me can I, you little hottie?"
Sally was pleased with the compliment and went to find something to wear. The stakes were raised, and she hadn't brought that much except beach wear. She chose some cut-off denim shorts and just her bikini top. She'd stick with the beach look since it was still hot out. She wasn't entirely certain there wasn't some of Bill's cum on them but never mind.
In the mirror, she decided she looked a bit slutty, but beside Inge she would look quite reserved. The round cheeks of her arse were just visible where her shorts finished.
She remembered that little glimpse of Inge's pussy when she bent forward, and realised she was wet for John's mum now too.
In the kitchen, she mirrored the move that Inge had done, bending forward and looking back over her shoulder, asking,
"This ok? I didn't bring much with me."
"You look hot, Sally. You'll make men come in their pants and leave their wives."
Sally laughed - Inge could be outrageous, especially after a glass of wine.
The bar was called Mongoose and had mirrors on almost all the surfaces, giving the place a confusingly infinite feeling. There was a stuffed mongoose in a sequin jacket, and turquoise lamp shades combined with a few neon tube light signs gave the whole place a surreal atmosphere.
Sally could see why Inge had dressed the way she had - she was not alone in being beautiful and half naked. The other people dotted about were all attractive and there was no shortage of places for Sally's eyes to wander. With everything reflected so many times over, the whole place hummed with an electric sexual energy.
Sally and Inge approached the bar, their lower halves reflected back at them and everyone behind. They hadn't been leaned against it long, browsing the long list of cocktails when a man spoke to Inge, touching her elbow lightly.
"That Mongoose has his eye on you."
He looked striking - he had short blonde hair and the symmetry of a Greek statue, marred only by a badly-healed broken nose that gave him an edgy quality. He was dressed simply but expensively, and held himself as though he owned the place.
'Fuckable,' Sally concluded, and watched Inge smile as she thought the same thing.
"Thank God. I've been looking long and hard for a flirtatious Mongoose,"
Inge practically purred.
"You can't say phrases like long and hard in that outfit, you'll give me a heart attack."
When he smiled suggestively, Sally felt a tingle between her legs. Inge was already on the man's wavelength, and fast with her comebacks.
"You saying I should lose the outfit?"
"Ha ha, you're too quick for me, I'll need my reinforcements."
He gestured generally towards a small group of men near him. Then he introduced himself.
"I'm Oscar - I'm glad you like my Mongoose. Alex, two house specials please."
The bar man nodded and smiled at Sally and Inge before busying himself with their cocktails. He was hot too, Sally couldn't help but notice.
"Nice to meet you Oscar, this is Sally and I'm Inge. Thanks for the drinks."
It wasn't until Inge continued that Sally realised he meant he literally did own the place.
"Tell me though, is drinking in your own bar and admiring your own Mongoose a bit like laughing at your own jokes?"
Inge teased him like she'd known him forever. Oscar seemed delighted.
"Sally, how politely your friend has told me to get a life!"
Then he continued with a confessional air,
"I've tried going to others but the trouble is, they're rubbish. Besides, I've turned this into a place I enjoy being in, and I also like to meet the people who come here."
"He didn't want to say 'customers', you notice Sally, it would spoil the nice impression he's making.."
"Well I'm glad I'm making a nice impression."
Oscar turned to his friends, introducing them both.
"Guys, this is Inge who likes my mongoose and thinks just because she's hot it's ok to bully me. And this is Sally, who thinks because she's a little fox she can stand quietly and give all my customers a hard on..."
The men were smiling as Oscar continued,
"And ladies, this is the bunch of reprobates I hang around with."
Oscar's friends now had their full attention on the girls. Their ages varied but they all looked cast from the same die somehow - well-built, tastefully-dressed, but hovering somewhere between dangerous and gentle.
One man, who had a full dark beard and a sleeve of tattoos on each large forearm, smiled at Sally, and concurred with Oscar:
"She is a fox - I'll keep an eye on your mongoose and make sure she doesn't ravage it. And you need a bit of bullying, Oscar."
With a strange smile, he then said,
"Do they want to see the Pegasus, do you think?"
Oscar studied them carefully.
"Maybe in a bit," he concluded.
"Intriguing..." said Inge.
Sally agreed, addressing Oscar, nervous to be speaking to the much older crowd for the first time.
"A pegasus and a mongoose, was there some kind of special offer on?"
He laughed. "They offered to throw in a Griffin but I didn't want the hassle."
The bearded man interjected,
"It turns out you're a cheeky fox, but shouldn't you be in school?"
Sally blushed deeply, but came back with a zinger.
"Nice. Shouldn't you be in prison?"
"Ouch. I'll bring you with me. They'd love you there."
"That's one way of putting it."
Sally was laughing now.
"All ways of putting it, most likely," the man said, vaguely nodding downward towards Sally's arse.
'Wow, this has escalated,' Sally thought. 'He's gone straight to a prison gangfucking me.' The image lingered for Sally. Oscar and Inge were both listening to the exchange, bemused.
Acknowledging the man's innuendo, Sally giggled,
"Phew - is it hot in here?"
She mimed fanning herself.
"I think it's just cause you're wearing so much," the man replied sarcastically.
He made no attempt to hide how he was looking her up and down - he was practically sniffing her.
The group continued to chat and flirt with the pair, but Sally needed to pee, and touched Inge's arm lightly saying she'd be right back. She felt the men watch her leave, and saw them reflected in a surface. Inge also had her eyes on Sally's little round backside, wiggling away in the shorts.
The bathroom was made to look like a coral reef, and the women's side was separated from the men's by an enormous tank of tropical fish that made up one wall. Looking at the fish, Sally thought of her snake dream again.
Through the blue glass she saw a man put his cock away at a urinal - he saw her looking and gave a little nod. Blushing, Sally retreated into a cubicle.
Pulling her shorts down, Sally found her tiny thong was glued to her pussy with a horny paste. What a mess it is down there, she thought. Watching the group of men flirt with Inge had got her going, and she was still excited from her first encounter with not one but two cocks earlier that day.
Glancing down in the toilet, she saw that it too was mirrored in the bowl, reflecting and magnifying her swollen wet pussy, hairless and open. She watched with curiosity as a golden beam of urine shoot forth - she'd never had such a view of herself pissing.
She pulled her wet thong back up afterwards and briefly rubbed her clit through it, debating whether to stay a bit longer and make herself come.
She decided to go instead and see how the night unfolded so she pulled her little shorts back up too and left the cubicle, to wash her hands in the strange coral reef bathroom.
Glancing through the fish tank to the men's side, Sally saw a woman pressed up against the glass, with her dress lifted up at the back, being vigorously fucked from behind by a giant man. The woman was clearly enjoying it, and winked at Sally when she noticed her looking. A tropical fish swam between them.
Sally hurried to wash her hands and decided this was an unusual bar.
Returning to the group, Sally saw Inge touching the tattooed man's beard and saying something which made everyone laugh. Oscar seemed to have his hand lightly on the small of Inge's back.
"Ah, Sally - would you agree with Inge that Egon's beard is like the bristles on a hog? Perhaps you don't touch touch so many hogs as she does?"
Egon (the name suited him) proffered his chin in her direction and Sally surprised all present by grabbing a handful of his beard and tugging him towards her with it.
"I don't know much about hogs, but I can see it might be useful to have something to hang onto," she said, wanting to show she could be just as suggestive.
Egon laughed and put a large arm around her waist, taking things up a notch. "Quite right! Do you ever wear pigtails? Remarkably handy."
"Hogs, pigs, mongoose... What is this menagerie?" Inge chimed in.
"Time to meet the Pegasus too then, I think!" Oscar announced.
He took Inge and Sally both by the hand and led them, followed by his entourage, through a door behind the bar and up a dimly lit staircase.
Another opulent room opened out in front of them, dominated by a life-sized, winged horse emerging from one wall, above the ground and seemingly made of shining bronze. One leg disappeared into the wall and the whole thing was cantilevered so that it appeared to levitate off the ground. It had a red leather saddle complete with stirrups to get astride it.
One of the men - Carl, Sally thought he'd been introduced as but wasn't sure - appeared with two more drinks for her and Inge. She smiled at him. He looked to be in his late 20s she thought, and she liked his strong jaw and steel grey eyes.
Inge was stroking the Pegasus.
"Wow, I've never met a Pegasus before," she said.
"This one's extra special," Oscar said.
"Hop on."
With Inge's dress being the length it was, all the men present and Sally too got an explicit view of her moist underwear hugging her cunt lips as she climbed up into the saddle of the beast, looking ready to lead a charge of warriors.
"You look fantastic on that!" Egon approved.
"Thanks, it does make you feel powerful...Oh...Wow...Now I see what this is for...Fuck that's good."
Inge's expression had changed and there was a deep humming. Oscar had thrown a switch under the horse's wing.
"Have you heard of a Sybian?" Oscar asked and Inge nodded, struggling to concentrate on anything other than the vibrating saddle which also oscillated to move a throbbing bulge against her pussy. Inge was slightly grinding on it and looking flushed.
Sally hadn't heard of one, but she got the idea and could see also that every man present was rock hard watching Inge ride the thing in front of them.
Oscar turned to Sally, ostentatiously noticing her shorts.
"Sally, I am sorry to say that in the private part of this bar we enforce a strict 'no denim or sports wear' policy... Since your outfit - which is smoking hot by the way- seems to consist of denim hotpants and a bikini, you contravene on both counts."
Sally was pouting at him as he continued.
"Your options are to wait on the stairs until we are finished with Inge, or to remove the offending garments and you may stay."
All eyes were now on Sally, including Inge's (she was now moaning a little). Sally smiled as she undid her bikini and her pert tits were revealed to the room, nipples like bullets under the glare of all the attention.
Next she pulled down her shorts and stood in just an impossibly wet little thong among the fully-dressed men, who openly admired her round young arse.
"Holy fuck!" Carl said what everyone was thinking.
Egon picked up Sally's shorts and bikini - they looked tiny in his large hands - and put them on a bar stool.
Inge was grinding her pussy onto the vibrating saddle, looking at Sally's body and at the hunger in the eyes of the men in the room. It suddenly seemed there were a couple more men than there had been - young and strong-looking with intense expressions. Where had they come from?
"Sally, you really should have a go on this," Inge said in a hoarse voice that was partly a moan.
Oscar asked Inge,
"Oh? You want to get off already? Most people don't want to get off until they've got off, if you get me."
"It's not that... I've got another idea."
Inge dismounted, showing a soaking wet crotch and moved quickly to where Oscar stood. She slid her hand abruptly down the front of his trousers to grip his cock which was as erect as the space it had would allow.
"I want these," she said, pulling his dick free.
Oscar didn't seem at all thrown by this turn of events and spoke with evident enjoyment as Inge wanked his cock in front of those present.
"All of them, Inge? That's greedy. What about Sally?"
"She can watch and learn, and ride your machine."
Inge reached out and caressed Egon's bulge.
Sally couldn't take her eyes off Oscar's cock, seemingly still growing in Inge's skilled hand. It took her by surprise when two men lifted her, nearly naked as she was, and placed her astride the pegasus.
She glanced at the saddle - it was slightly wet from where Inge's pussy had been kissed up against it. As soon as Sally's cunt made contact, she understood why Inge was now horny enough to take on a room full of men, hot husband or not.
Besides, Sally remembered, Bill was no saint - he'd fucked his son's virgin girlfriend after being caught sniffing her thong.
Sally was lost for a few moments in the movement of the saddle and the deep hum it sent to the core of her via her clit. If she thought her pussy was a sticky mess before, she was now literally leaking around the sides of her thong and onto the saddle.
When Sally did glance up, she saw a room full of men, some that she recognised from Oscar's group, all either watching Sally ride the horse with her tits bouncing, or Inge releasing ever more cocks with a face of unashamed excitement.
Oscar held Inge, and reached up under her tiny dress to pull down her sodden knickers. He tossed them into the crowd, where they were explored by a large man with his dick in his hand. He wrapped the sticky warm fabric around his cock and kept pumping it.
"Inge, your pussy is weeping, how can we cheer it up?"
Oscar already had his fingers inside her as he spoke, kneeling and looking at her juices spilling around them.
Inge was also distracted by Egon tugging the top of her dress down to get her breasts out, and leaning in to take one in his mouth.
Sally couldn't quite believe what she was seeing. She'd expected a fairly tame evening getting a bit silly and tipsy with her friend's mum on holiday, and yet here she was riding a giant vibrator almost naked in front of a crowd of hot men, while Inge looked like she was gearing up to fuck the whole bunch of them.
Sally knew John's parents were free spirits - it gave John the wildness that she found so enticing - but her holiday so far had been a real eye-opener sexually. She'd never known such a horny pair of people.
Her own parents were strict and reserved, and sex was totally out of bounds as a topic and certainly as an activity. She often wondered how they ever managed to have her in the first place. She could never in a million years picture her mum with her tits out kneeling to suck a circle of dicks, as Inge now was.
Sally even got the impression that Bill wouldn't really mind. He'd probably cheer them on and stick his big cock up Sally again (Sally nearly came when she thought that).
Inge was sloppily switching between a number of dicks as they bounced and hovered in front of her, all different shapes and sizes.
Egon pulled Inge to her feet, and fully stripped her dress from her, finally removing her shoes as well.
"We don't want these gouging anyone," he said.
"Safety first," Inge giggled.
"Indeed," Egon said as he pushed his large penis fully into her without any thought of protection. Inge moaned. Sally did too - it looked incredible to see Inge impaled on Egon's impressive prick.
A mattress had appeared. Oscar being Oscar, it was decked with animal furs. They complete the primal look against Inge's naked skin as Egon laid her down. How would they ever get all the cum off them, Sally wondered.
Egon changed his position now that Inge was on her back with her legs spread wide, deciding to lick her messy open pussy while she sucked the array of cocks vying for her attention.
Sally searched the group for Oscar, but then realised he stood beside her.
"Are you enjoying your ride, Sally?" He took her by the hand as he said it, and Sally was looking at his muscled torso and his big dick as he spoke.
She nodded. "I'm making it all wet though, sorry."
Oscar smiled. "I'm going to fuck Inge in the arse, would you like to see her take it?"
Sally nodded again. She very much would, she realised.
Inge heard this too, and gave a low moan of excitement onto the cock in her mouth.
Egon was lapping at her pussy with delight, his beard shining thickly with her cum. Hearing his friend's announcement, he traced a fingertip from Inge's overflowing pussy to her anus, and teased it as he licked her. She drew her legs back for better access and he took the hint, pushing his wet finger inside her arsehole.
Inge began to come in his mouth, her belly tightening visibly for all to see, and Egon sank his finger all the way up her, to stroke her in her rectum with it while she coated his face with sweet slime.
"Was that orgasm number one?" Sally asked her.
Inge moaned assent, and Egon hoisted her onto her hands and knees and pushed his cock simply into her up to his balls, and began to pound her from behind hard and fast. She shrieked onto a pair of balls she was licking.
Oscar was still beside Sally, in no hurry to get involved yet, and with a quick step up he was behind her on the sybian. She felt his hard cock hot against her back. He was lifting her hair up and kissing the back of her neck just below the hairline and it was giving her goosebumps.
She shouldn't let another man fuck her as well today, she thought, that would be super slutty. But he could kiss her neck while she rode his incredible contraption. And his hands were caressing her tits, that was ok. A hand found its way down to her crotch.
"You're a hot mess down here," he whispered, his fingertips tracing her lips.
"That's your fault..."
"In a while, I'm going to ask you to take this sticky thong off and throw me it."
He was pulling on it slightly so it tightened between her cheeks against her arsehole.
"Then I'm going to put it in Inge's mouth and she can suck it clean while we fuck both her holes."
As Oscar said this, he slid a finger past the fabric of her thong and between her leaking lips, curling it inside her body. Then he retrieved his finger and held it up for Sally to look at - it was coated with her juices.
He brought the finger to her mouth and she opened it and sucked his finger as he wanted her to, tasting her own sweet pussy.
She saw that Inge had watched her do it, tits still shaking with a different man now fucking her from behind.
Someone had already come on Inge's face - white spunk was sliding down it and dripping off her. Sally wasn't sure how long she could hold off from coming, watching Inge service so many dicks.
Oscar was gone from behind her - Sally missed his finger already.
She saw him approach Inge with his dick in his hand and ask,
"Inge, how good are you at being fucked up the arse?"
Inge looked up at him and smiled, grabbing his cock and letting a copious mouthful of saliva fall onto it, spreading it on with her hand.
"I suppose we'll find out," she replied.
The man left her pussy with a slurp and came to stand beside Oscar in front of her, ready for her to suck him clean. Inge made sure Oscar was well lubed before turning to the other cock.
Oscar was keen to position Inge so that Sally would have a good view of him penetrating her arsehole, and he spat on it and pushed his thumb in. Inge moaned.
Then Oscar was struck by an idea, and stepped quickly over to Sally, saying,
"Spit in my hand, Sally. As much as you can."
Sally did her best, eager to please, and let a heavy load fall from her lips onto the large hand cupped waiting.
Oscar spread it on his cock and some between Inge's parted cheeks, and then pressed his shining bellend against the hole. Inge pushed back and Oscar popped in, before driving further, slowly.
Sally looked on in wonder - the noises Inge was making now with her mouth full were extremely intense. She couldn't imagine it was possible to fit one in her cunt as well. And yet, Egon stood nearby, determined to be the first one to help his friend dp this hot slut.
"Say when," Oscar said, when he was about halfway.
Inge grunted.
"Nnngh...fuck, that's good. Push it all in... Give me the whole fucking beast... Aaargh."
She was making some primal sounds as Oscar worked his prick into her rear, reaching under her and playing with her pussy.
Sally was wondering how it would feel to have a penis filling her bottom like that, nudging inside her. Inge seemed to be finding it exquisite. Maybe she lets Bill do that, Sally thought.
"Every man in this room is going to fire his spunk into you, Inge," Oscar was saying as he began to move his hips and slide his dick in and out of her spit-slippery sphincter.
Inge moaned at this prediction, and then abruptly choked slightly as her mouth filled up with cum - the man she was sucking finally giving in to the talents of her tongue and firing a huge load into her throat.
Cum dangled from Inge's lips as she spoke as though through a fog of lust.
"Fuck me sloppy, all of you. I want to leave here shitting cum."
Sally couldn't believe her ears. Oscar stepped it up a gear and drove it home for a few strokes before pulling right out so Sally could see Inge's arse gape. He gestured Egon to lie down under her, and stepped back to watch Inge bounce her cunt on his friend's dick for a bit.
All the anal had made her pussy drool and Egon's cock turned that to a froth in no time as he pulled Inge down onto him. Inge was kissing him - she evidently had a bit of a thing for beards and was licking her own cum out of this one. Egon himself was evidently open minded about kissing such a cum glazed woman. He held her arse cheeks apart as she rode him, for everyone to see her open hole.
"Are you ready for two, Inge?" Egon asked, looking deep into her rolling eyes.
"Fuck yes, fill me up!"
Oscar was already in position, crouching above Inge's backside. Sally admired the taught muscles of Oscar's legs and arse as he lowered to position his cock.
Egon had stopped pumping his hips for a minute to let Oscar try and squeeze his dick into Inge's tight arsehole.
It was proving challenging, but another lot of saliva helped ease the entry and when the head popped through, Inge made it known.
"Nnnnnngh - Oh my God! Oh my god oh my god, I'm so fucking full!"
Inge was whimpering as Oscar pushed more millimetres in, and Egon began to move inside her cunt.
"Let's make her come, Egon. She said fuck her sloppy. I can feel you inside her. There's not much room in you for us Inge, how does that feel?"
With the last question, Oscar pushed in all the way up to his balls at the same time as Egon did, and by way of answer, Inge grunted, and farted around his prick as her body relented. She blushed and moaned at the sound of her body struggling to accommodate too much cock and glanced back at Sally who was watching, astounded.
Inge's face was a picture as she tried to answer Oscar rather than just grunt and murmur as they both began to fuck her. Within a few moments, her body had switched to slurping and sucking at both dicks, trying to keep them inside her as they pulled out, and her cunt juice mixed with all the saliva to make a slippery and noisy pair of holes being pounded.
"It...mmmph...feels...ungh...fucking...intense...ungh." Inge finally managed to reply.
"Sally, now!" Oscar looked back at Sally watching intently as he buggered her friend's mum.
"I want her to taste your pussy while she comes."
Sally was so turned on that she was desperate to get her cunt out for Oscar, and to see if Inge really would suck this cum filled little sweaty thong. She peeled it from between her cheeks, propping her legs on the horse's wings to take it off.
There were men nearby who were looking at her naked hairless pussy now, her lips puffy and dripping. Sally tossed the thong to Oscar who caught it, impressively since he was having to contort a fair bit to reach back for it whilst still crouching above Inge and straddling Egon's legs.
Oscar sniffed it and shoved harder up Inge's arsehole, growling with arousal.
"These are perfect Sally, they're a total mess. Glad my machine works."
"...And your arsehole smells divine!"
Sally was blushing now - a strange man was sniffing her thong and making declarations to a room full of men about the smell of it, while she was naked and moaning astride his giant vibrator.
Inge had turned to look at Sally again, seeing for the first time that the young girl's pussy was totally waxed and also extremely aroused.
Oscar stretched the thong between his thumb and forefinger so that the section that had been between Sally's cheeks was taut, and then held this to Inge's face while he continued to twitch his dick in her colon.
So Inge inhaled the erotic musk of Sally's anus whilst riding Egon and Oscar, their cocks fighting for space inside her body.
Oscar shifted the thong in his hand so the creamiest section was by Inge's lips, before thrusting extra hard to make her gasp, and popping the messy slip of fabric into her mouth.
"Suck them clean," he instructed simply.
Sally couldn't hold off an orgasm any longer as the saddle thrummed against her clit and she watched John's mum guzzling her girl-cum out of her knickers, while two well-built men fucked her slurping holes.
Inge wasn't far behind, tasting Sally's pussy and squealing into the thong gagging her. A man stepped forward and came on her face without warning - Egon below her was quick to dodge the fallout and it swung from Inge's chin like beads on a cheap chandelier. Egon could see the ecstasy on Inge's cum-spattered face and told his friend,
"She's going to come Oscar, let's fuck the shit out of her. Ok, Inge?"
Inge nodded.
Oscar took hold of Inge's hair in his fist and Egon held her firmly by the tits. Two more men pulled her cheeks apart.
Then the two men went to town on her, each fucking her as hard as he could, as though determined to make her scream.
Oscar slammed into her arse as though it were her pussy and he were the only one inside her. Egon held her tight as she shook with her orgasm and wailed with her mouth full of thong - she seemed to be gushing on his balls.
Inge was grunting now as they continued long strokes in and out. Egon smiled at the noises.
"Now who's the hog, Inge?"
Inge spat Sally's knickers down onto his face in reply as Oscar laughed.
"She's more of a hot little fuck-pig."
Sally could see that Inge was enjoying being called names as they rammed her - yet another surprise.
Her own orgasm had tapered off but another simmered below the surface and her weeping pussy was begging her to hop off and find a cock. She'd keep it for John, she thought. Let his mum have these dicks, greedy slut that she was.
"Fuck, I'm going to come in your arse,"
Oscar growled with urgency.
Egon had taken Sally's thong into his own mouth now and spoke gruffly through it.
"Pump her full - I'll give it her as well. Let's see if she overflows."
"Is someone ready to come in her mouth? Let's give her three loads at once."
An overweight man stepped forward. he would never normally have had a chance with Inge in a million years and seemed to know it. He pushed his prick into her open mouth and it instantly spewed cum across her tongue.
Sally watched Inge struggle to swallow that copious load and moan with pleasure as, with matching roars, the two friends who had instigated this orgy erupted into her cunt and arse simultaneously.
Oscar was the first to pull out of her, followed by a nasty trail of cum, though most still sloshed in her bowels. He looked delightedly at her gaping pink arsehole.
"You said fuck you sloppy, Inge. This is certainly a start but as you see there are plenty more loads to take."
Inge looked around as she raised herself up and let Egon slide out from under her. gravity pulled most of his cum from her ravaged looking cunt in dollops onto the fur below her. Egon stood in front of Inge and allowed her to lick her own cum gently from his cock and balls which were thick with it. Report Story "Oh my God, that felt incredible," she said.
That was all the pause she was permitted though, as within moments another man had entered her, choosing her pussy first for a while and then switching to her arse, spreading cum between them.
Oscar stood beside Sally, gently massaging one of her feet and watching with her as his friends (and a few strangers) took turns fucking Inge any way they could think of, using her body to pleasure themselves, coming in her and on her relentlessly.
"Are you in training to be a cum slut like Inge?" Oscar asked Sally, caressing between her toes as she curled them.
"She's amazing," Sally murmured.
Egon stood the other side of her now, playing with her other foot in the same way.
Inge squealed as she came again and this time a squirt of spent cum was forced out of her arsehole and spattered the abs of the guy pounding her, who exclaimed,
"Fuck, she's so full of cum guys, it's like fucking a waterbed."
Inge took a cock out of her mouth in order to say,
"Fuck it back out so my husband doesn't find it."
Egon spoke up, squeezing Sally's foot as he said,
"I thought you brought young Sally along for the cleanup."
Inge was lost in her third orgasm though and had nothing to say - a very well hung man was forcing his swollen prick into her arse slowly as it belched out cum around his shaft.
Egon held up Sally's thong in front of her, which he'd kept since he came with it draped on his face.
"Look Sally, she really did suck it clean."
He showed her that, although damp, the knickers were no longer smeared with her grool.
"Well, I don't know about clean, exactly..."
Egon sniffed them to verify that he could still smell her arse on them, and Sally watched for umpteenth time that day as a man reeled with arousal at the scent from her intimate places.
"Hey Egon, shall we see if we can make Sally come again by sucking her feet?"
Oscar was already putting his mouth around her toes.
"Well ok. Personally I'm desperate to fuck her in the arse and then lick her pussy, but Inge told me she's forbidden fruit tonight. So yeah, let me at those little piggies and we'll see if we can't make your dancing horse need a wipe down."
It was an eloquent little speech and gave Sally lots to think about: When had Inge told them that, she wondered. Had Inge known she would be fucking all these men? She also tried to imagine Egon's big dick pushing into her bum, like the snake from her dream, or his beard against her smooth pussy while he licked her.
But then she felt two tongues swirling simultaneously between her toes as the saddle rubbed her, and it felt exquisite. She knew they were right and that it would make her come again - she wanted those tongues everywhere.
As she bucked and shuddered, and her pussy spat a tiny bit of juice out, she watched Inge finishing off the last of the men in the room. She was up on her haunches, wanking them into her open mouth as cum bubbled freely out of her cunt and arse, and a cascade of it slid down from her chin, between her tits and over her belly.
Sally recalled Inge's command earlier on. She'd got what she asked for.
'Fucked sloppy? Check. Shitting cum? Check,' thought Sally as Oscar and Egon both released her feet - they tingled.
Egon took one of Sally's nipples between his lips suddenly, as though he simply couldn't resist, and then kissed her on the mouth.
"You really are the hottest little fox," he whispered, just for her.
The crowd was thinning as Oscar said,
"I'd better get her a towel or she'll leave a snail trail of cum all the way home."
Carl the bar man - Inge couldn't recall which hole he had come in - gave her a soft grey towel and she mopped at the messy glaze that covered her, and seeped endlessly out of her.
Inge seemed a little sheepish as she met Sally's eye.
"Quite the machine, that, isn't it?"
Sally watched Inge wiping gobs of cum from herself, and heard a load escape from her anus noisily as she bent to put her knickers on.
"Yes, it went nicely with the live show."
Sally politely pretended not to hear Inge farting cum.
"Ha ha. Better than night surfing. Our little secret?"
"For sure," Sally replied.
'If she thinks Bill won't notice how much traffic her orifices have seen tonight she's dreaming,' Sally thought.
Egon gave Sally her wet thong as she climbed down, and she put it on and then kissed him on the cheek.
"Next time you can have my arsehole, sweetheart," she whispered to him.
Oscar had more cocktails ready for them, wearing just a pair of black jeans and looking casually stunning, and not as though he had just helped gang fuck one of his customers.
Sally got back into her skimpy outfit and Inge regained her tiny dress, although cum was still finding its way out of her body as they descended the stairs back to the busy bar. Dotted around they recognised men here and there who had been pounding Inge.
"It was an absolute delight to meet you both, I do hope you'll come here again," Oscar said.
"You'll have to excuse me now though, I need to go and wash my cock before my wife finds it like this...Sally, maybe next time it's your turn."
Oscar kissed them both on the cheek before leaving. Sally looked around for Egon but couldn't see him.
"Well, that was an eye opener," Sally said when they were alone.
"I simply don't know what came over me." Inge adopted a pretend mortified voice.
Sally laughed. "A dozen men, I think."
Inge was laughing too.
"Yeah, I really need a shower - I'm so full of jizz."
"Let's head home?" Sally suggested.
"The boys may decide we're more fun than surfing soon."
"Yeah? I know what that's about. I've had all the cock and you didn't get any."
Sally blushed as Inge had her sussed, but Inge agreed.
"Let's go then, I'll clean myself up for Bill."
The taxi driver struggled to keep his eyes on the road, and when they stepped out of the car Sally saw him getting a good look at whatever he could. Entering the house, they were surprised to find John and his dad in the kitchen eating toast.
"Oh, hey - thought you'd still be carving it up out there in the moonlight?"
Inge didn't sound sheepish to be joining her husband and son wearing her tiny outfit, looking dishevelled and still seeping a multitude of cum into her knickers.
Sally saw both their jaws drop at the outfits.
"Holy moly, girls! Successful night? You could earn enough to retire dressed like that!"
John had a mouthful of toast but couldn't take his wide eyes off Sally.
Bill continued, answering the question as Inge gave him a peck on the cheek.
"It was lively out there. Things were going great, but we did decide to call it a night after the second shark sighting..."
"Oh good. After the second one?? Bill, if you get yourself eaten I'll be furious!"
Inge helped herself to Bill's second piece of toast.
Sally sat down beside John at the table, and put her hand subtly in his lap. He gave her a sideways smile as she began to stroke his cock through his shorts, enjoying how it sprang to life.
In a highly mischievous mood, Sally reached inside the shorts and pulled John's cock fully out under the table, wanking it happily while he nearly choked on his toast - after all, Sally was pretty much tossing him off in front of his parents. He tried not to let on, and Sally was making a remarkably casual face, with just a hint of a smile.
"Where did you girls end up? Police station?"
"Ha ha" Inge punched him on the arm. "A bar called Mongoose."
"I see. A mongoose into a bar...ouch," Bill said, and found his own joke hilarious, but was dismayed to see his family didn't. Sally seemed baffled and distracted.
"Was it good?"
"Yeah, they have an actual mongoose, and a pegasus!"
Sally glanced in alarm at Inge, wondering how much detail she would go into about the pegasus. Inge winked at her, and Sally squeezed her son's cock tighter under the table.
"And a fish tank in the toilet."
"Poor fish!" laughed Bill. "Sounds like an adventure all round then, all we had was sharks. I'm about ready to turn in though - are you coming my little street walker?"
"You're such an old romantic, Bill. That's why I married you."
The pair left the kitchen, saying goodnight cheerily and Sally could see that Bill had no intention of sleeping yet and that he would fairly shortly discover that his wife was spilling cum from a couple of places.
Sally was trying to keep John under control. She didn't want him to blow his load on the underside of the kitchen table, as she had other plans.
"John," she whispered, "It's time to fuck me."
She felt him swell nicely in response, and more or less led him back to her room by his cock.
Sally glanced guiltily at the underwear that had led to Bill taking her virginity that afternoon. Still, she had another one to give John, she thought.
Sally let John remove her bikini and kiss her breasts with obvious delight. There was moonlight playing on her tits and throwing shadows from her erect nipples. impatiently, she pulled her shorts and knickers down so he was confronted with her horny naked body.
"Put that inside me." She tugged on John's dick.
"Soon," John said. "I want to do this first though."
As he said it he leaned so that his face was between her thighs, and kissed the lips of her pussy gently, unsure of how best to proceed but amazed at how wet she was against his lips and tongue.
Sally looked down at the boy she had wanted for years discovering the taste of her leaking vagina, and pushed her fingers through his sun bleached hair to pull his mouth more firmly against it. She felt his tongue exploring inside her, and then teasing her lips before finally finding her clit.
It felt beautiful as he learned his way around her pussy, but Sally had a burning impatience after seeing Inge's exploits, to try out a cock in her tight little arse.
"Please fuck me, John." She begged him. He left her pussy and kissed her, so she tasted herself on his lips.
"Let me fetch my condoms, they're in my room," he whispered.
"No need. I'm on the pill..."
"Really? Why? Have you done this before?"
"I just started them recently. I was hoping to get you to fuck me on this holiday."
Sally carefully evaded the other question.
"So will you stick it in me already?" she giggled.
John entered her with all the intense concentration and profound excitement of someone putting his cock in a girl for the first time.
Sally put her hand on his chest and felt his heart pounding, and she let out a tiny moan while looking straight into his eyes, as she felt his long-awaited cock slip further into her juicy cunt.
She pulled him in by his hips, biting her lip and whispering, "Fuck me."
John was tentative at first, clearly scared to hurt her, but Sally encouraged him to give it to her more forcefully, and soon they could both hear how wet she was as he drove into her with long splashing strokes.
Sally could tell that John wasn't going to last much longer if it carried on, and she wasn't finished with the new experiences for the day.
She got his attention and stopped him thrusting.
"What's wrong? Are you ok?"
"I'm great, John, relax! Do you want to try fucking me somewhere else?"
John looked confused.
"My room?"
Sally couldn't help but laugh.
"No, silly...I mean, do you want to...put it in my arse?"
Sally got quieter and more sheepish as she heard herself asking to be arse fucked. She watched John's reaction carefully. His dick swelled inside her so she knew he didn't hate the idea.
"Fuck yes, that's hot Sally... you really want me to?"
"Yes, do me there, I want to know what it feels like."
She didn't add that this was partly because she'd watched his mum take cocks up her arse all evening and come repeatedly.
John pulled out of Sally's pussy with a soft slurp and she raised her legs further back, pulling her cheeks apart with her hands.
"You have to spit on it lots," she told him.
John did as he was told, although his cock was already coated liberally in Sally's juices. Sally was concentrating on relaxing her hole, and John watched it flex open a little as he lined up in front of it.
She gave a little moan when he made contact. 'That thing looks huge,' Sally thought suddenly. 'It's never going to fit'.
"Slowly..." she whispered.
John pushed until the head of his cock popped inside her, and they both whimpered with excitement.
"This is so fucking hot Sally. I can't believe how tight it feels."
Sally gave a little grunt as he pushed more into her, recognising the sound from Inge's thorough butt-fucking earlier.
Sally began to rub her clit as John pushed deeper, and encouraged him with,
"Yes, fuck it John...ngh...push it into me...it feels so huge."
Sally worried a little that John's dick might get messy, and that he would be upset. but she figured nothing much could be done at this stage, and she lifted her hips and then dropped them with a sigh, suddenly taking the rest of John's cock inside her arse so his balls were against her cheeks.
It stretched her delightfully and she felt it nudge very deep in her belly, but then she felt John surging and saw the alarm on his face.
"Fuck, Sally, I'm coming... Ah... Fuck."
He thrusted a few more times in her as his dick spewed a large load into her bowels and Sally rubbed her clit furiously, trying to get herself of while a cock was spurting deep in her arse.
She hadn't had long enough though, and John was already pulling it out of her. she wanted to shout 'Shove it back in and make me come' but she smiled at John and said simply,
"You just came in my arse."
"It felt too good when it went all the way in!"
Both of them were surreptitiously checking the state of John's cock when he pulled it out with a pop - it was fine and Sally was relieved. She was also quite frustrated, but aware that she now had a load of cum somewhere inside her. She recalled how noisily the many loads had found their way out of Inge's arsehole at the bar.
"Sally, that was amazing. sorry it wasn't very long... Did it hurt?"
"No, it felt nice. And don't worry - we'll try again tomorrow."
John chuckled softly, but was already half asleep. Sally whispered that she was off to clean up, and left him asleep and naked in her bed.
Sally put her knickers on and crept down the corridor to the bathroom, where she ran into Bill suddenly. Both blushed at the encounter, neither wearing more than underwear.
"Oh! Hi Sally." Bill whispered, moving a hand instinctively to cover his growing bulge. Sally was in the mood to take the bull by the horns still though, and she placed her small delicate hand on Bill's chest, enjoying the feel of the thick slabs of muscle there.
She tangled her fingers in his chest hair and pressed him gently back through the bathroom door.
"Sally...?"
She silenced him by reaching up to kiss him, passionately and with all the force of the anal orgasm she had so narrowly missed out on.
"I want your dick in my arse, Bill," she whispered to him, before adding, "Please."
As she said it she had reached inside his boxers and was gripping his thickening penis.
Bill knew he was powerless to deny Sally as she pulled his dick free and dropped to her knees to suck it. He also knew it would taste of his wife's arse - he had earlier joined the seemingly large number of men who had fucked her there tonight.
Sally had figured this out fairly promptly on approaching his now huge cock, but licked and sucked it all the same, dwelling on the flavour of Inge and her scent in Bill's pubes as she took enough in her throat to gag for a second.
As Sally crouched and sucked, she felt John's cum trying to leave her backside, and had to clench consciously to keep it in. Her pussy had wet her knickers through and she decided that Bill had had enough persuasion now, and it was time to get his big dick up her.
Sally was spitting on Bill's cock, when he brought her to her feet, and instead reached for a bottle of baby oil from the shower (Inge liked to shower with it to moisturise after sunbathing).
He squirted some into his palm and liberally coated his cock with it, until it glistened in the moonlight that came in through the skylight above them.
Sally glanced up and saw the moon, and smelt the fragrance of the oil, enjoying the anticipation of the moment and wondering if Bill was going to be gentle or simply bugger her thoroughly. She didn't much mind either way, she thought.
'What about all the cum in there?' she wondered.
Sally bent forwards against the sink and looked at Bill in the mirror behind her. Briefly, she recognised the same face of anticipation that John had made when he also was trying to get his cock into her tight little anus. Bill's expression had more confidence to it though - he knew his way around a girl's anal passage, it said.
She glanced at her own flushed face, green eyes shining with enormous pupils and her lips parted. With her wild blonde hair and freckles above her quivering breasts she did look quite a sight.
'You horny little slut,' she told herself.
She spread her cheeks, and gave her tits a little wiggle in the mirror, winking and smiling at Bill - then her expression switched to concentration as she tried to let the large intruder through her back door. The oil and cum helped a great deal, and John had warmed her up already, so although Bill's dick was bigger, it popped inside without too much of a struggle.
For the second time that night, Sally began to rub her pussy as something made its slippery way up the narrow chute of her arse. Bill was considerate but firm, easing her onto it by holding her hips and then caressing her lower back to help her stay relaxed.
"Ah fuck, you're so huge!"
Bill just smiled and pushed, and Sally gasped. The oil felt incredible, sliding and stretching her. Her frame of reference was limited, and she kept the thought to herself - Bill's dick moving there felt bigger than the biggest shit she'd ever done.
'Don't be so nasty, Sally,' she told herself.
If Bill knew that the passage was made easier by his son's cum lubing Sally's arse up, he made no sign of it. Maybe he was just used to being second on the scene, Sally thought, based on Inge's ability to take a dicking.
Bill had obviously decided from the faces Sally was making that she'd gotten used to the size of it, so he began to fuck her little bottom as though he owned it, losing himself in the feel of the horny girl's colon massaging the full length of his big dick.
When he pulled it fully out he opened her cheeks to see her gape and saw a trickle of cum.
"I see you've been learning from my wife," he said as he pushed it back fully inside her, making Sally grunt.
He wondered if he was sharing this girl with his son, or whether one of the men who'd been pounding Inge that night had fired his load up sexy Sally's arse.
"It looks like someone beat me to it."
"Yes...but they finished too soon...nnghf...Yeah. Oh shit that's good."
Now Sally's arse was making the same accommodating and lewd sounds that she remembered hearing out of Inge - the cum and oil had been fucked to a slime and Bill was thrusting with abandon and gripping her hips tightly with his big hands.
Sally's fingers were busy and she could feel a huge wave rising.
She was suddenly distracted by a movement at the edge of her peripheral vision.
Inge stood still, her eyes wide, and her hand between her legs. She wore a sheer vest that hung loosely and failed to hide her breasts which quivered as she jilled her clit furiously, watching her husband rodding Sally's arse.
"Oh, hi darling." Bill didn't miss a beat as he greeted his wife. Report Story Sally was working out if she should be apologising, but she was also starting to come - and Inge seemed happy to turn the tables and watch Sally getting fucked, even if it was by her husband.
"Good Lord, you're in her arse?! Way to go, Sally - that's a big one to be taking so deep."
Inge was leaning to get a good view of the action. Bill's slippery piston pumped Sally's passage obscenely. Inge found Sallys fingers and helped them briefly, before slipping her own slender index finger into Sally's pussy and found it clamping her.
"I'm coming," Sally whimpered.
"I've got an idea then," Inge said.
"Since you've seduced my husband into your tight little arse, you can make your mouth useful too and clean my pussy up for me."
Inge didn't present this as optional and had already moved herself in front of Sally and hopped onto the basin counter that Sally was supporting herself on, opening her legs and holding Sally's blonde head between them.
Sally was in the throes of ecstasy as Bill's dick thudded up her backside and her cunt dribbled down her thighs. Millimetres from her mouth, Inge's pussy was swollen and spilling out jizz - Sally didn't know if it was Bill's or one of the other men's, or just a mix.
She opened her mouth and licked between the folds, gently at first, tasting Inge's excitement mingled with the mystery semen.
Inge pulled Sallys mouth harder against her cunt.
"Lick it clean while my husband comes in your arse, you little slut," she hissed at Sally, who was whimpering with her mouth full of leaky twat.
It wasn't clear whether Inge intended it as an instruction also for Bill, but regardless, Sally felt him surging and pumping inside her as her depths were hosed full of spunk.
She plunged two of her own fingers up her cunt as she finished coming, recalling the snake dream that had begun her day's sexual odyssey. She realised she was sqealing quite loudly into Inge's sloppy cunt as Bill unloaded up her backside - she had momentarily forgotten that she had left John sleeping after he came in her arse.
She glanced at the door. Did it move? Was John watching his parents both fuck her so thoroughly? Sally concentrated on licking the mess between Inge's legs as she felt Bill slither back out of her bum like her retreating serpent. She could feel Inge beginning to come against her tongue, and noticed that the contractions were making cum bubble out from her other hole.
'Snap,' she thought, feeling her own arse weeping sperm now.
'Plenty for John to see if he's watching,' Sally thought, glancing again at the crack and flashing her most mischievous smile. 'His fault for having such a fuckable and horny family,' she decided.
'What a pity his older sister hadnt joined them on the holiday too,' she thought. 'Now that girl was hot!'
Sally kept her eyes on where she thought John might be, and licked her lips of his mum's cum, before looking up at Inge and Bill.
"I think we all could use a shower," she said.
***
Do leave feedback and a good rating if you enjoyed this! I'm open to suggestions for what to write next.