(Written together in turns by Dan & Baby)
-- Beautiful Sights (Dan) --
I have a favorite beach in Mexico, at a little-known resort favored more by locals than foreigners. That means in March, when it's plenty warm for an American but still chilly by local standards, the beaches are quiet. Never empty or lonely, as there are always guests, but not crowded like Mazatlan and the others. I love walking the long beach everyday, enjoying the nature and the sight of lovely women lying out to soak up the sun.
This year, i'd been admiring one of those beautiful sights in particular: a dark brunette, with shoulder length wavy hair. You had perfect breasts, at least D cups, maybe more, a delicious ass, and lips that, well, i could imagine a lot of great uses for that luscious pair. Always in sunglasses so far, i hadn't seen your eyes, but your smile was sunny and warm.
I first saw you on my second day there. I was out on my balcony reading when you walked by below and arranged yourself on a lounge chair. Once you lay on your towel, you reached back to undo the strap of your top. You lay with your head toward the ocean, obviously settling in to relax and tan for a while. I couldn't help but stare, my eyes drinking in every line and curve of this beautiful woman. Your bikini bottom was skimpy but not quite a thong. It was turquoise and as cute as it was sexy. Your age was hard to guess from there, but something in the grace and confidence of your walk had told me you were near enough to my age to not be inexperienced. A real woman, not a sexually immature girl.
Sitting there daydreaming about you rolling over with top still undone, my manhood was roused to stiff attention, and i resolved to be done reading and go for a walk on the beach. I changed into a tight, stylish pair of trunks and threw on a light, white shirt, leaving it unbuttoned to show my chest. I made a point of getting my sunglasses to ensure my eyes could ogle undetected. No need to offend you, if you weren't the type to like a man openly checking you out.
Reaching the sand, i made sure to strike a slow, leisurely pace that would give me plenty of time to look as i passed by you. Your head was turned toward the steps i'd come down, and your own sunglasses meant i could not tell if you were watching or had your eyes closed to nap. I took the chance to turn my head to keep staring as i walked closely by, pleased and aroused to see that you were even hotter than you'd seemed from a distance. Your oiled, sun-warmed skin made me ache to touch it, and i swear you looked like you were smiling ever so subtly! Passing by i turned to give one last brazen look back at your prone figure, only to turn back in faux nonchalance as you stirred, lifting up on your elbows--carefully avoiding full exposure of your breasts--and looked at the waves a moment, then laid back down head turned to face my direction again.
"I sure hope she's checking me out," i thought, unconsciously straightening my back and throwing my shoulders back to strike a manly posture as i kept walking. Just in case, i decided that it was warm enough to go shirtless, and took mine off. Throwing it and my glasses on another nearby lounge chair and turning down to walk along the water.
I was so aroused i had to reach into my trunks to pull my cock up against my stomach; it was too erect to be comfortable hanging down. I decided it'd be a good idea to burn off the sexual heat you'd put me in with a little jog and a swim, so i picked up the pace and jogged down to the end of the beach, or at least, what i'd thought was the end. The rocks there jutted out into the water and it occurred to me that if they ended abruptly out there, there might be a great place to jump off. I clambered up onto them and picked my barefooted way out. There wasn't a good jump off there, but there was something even better: a cove. Just to the other side of the jetty there was a little curved cove with its own small sandy beach. It was sheltered by this jetty on one side and a larger one on the other. And i could see from here, the other jetty had a fantastic jump off, with a sheer drop at the end and nearby shallow rock shelf to safely climb back out. The mini-beach itself looked thoroughly undisturbed by recent footprints. Given the minimal tides here, that likely meant no one from the resort had been here in some days. A perfect private paradise!
I climbed down the other side onto the beach, exulting in the discovery. I swam there for half an hour, including multiple jumps from the rocks, which were set back enough from the other jetty that even there, you could not see the main beach of the resort. Total privacy, and i loved it! I worried though, that i'd miss my chance to see more of you, or learn where you were staying. So i eventually climbed back over and jogged back down the long beach to the end with the resort. I was pleased to find you still there, and still enough this time that i was sure you'd fallen asleep. I picked up my shirt and glasses and stood a moment again, just admiring your beauty again.
Aroused and entranced, i made my way back to my condo, where i hopped in the shower and couldn't resist stroking my aroused, soap-covered cock to fantasies of sliding it inside of you, hips bumping against that gorgeous ass, looking down at that same bare back you showed now to the sun. I only just stopped myself before cumming, deciding it'd be energy better spent on pursuing the reality of this beautiful woman sleeping just yards away on the beach instead of fantasies alone. Resolved, i dried off, dressed in khaki shorts, sunglasses, and another loose, open shirt, made myself a margarita, and headed back out with my book in one hand and the drink in the other.
-- Brazen Beginnings (Dan) --
I sat in the chair nearest to you, a few feet away and not awkwardly close. Your head was turned away from my spot, and i quietly opened my book and settled in to read. Careful not to disturb you. It was hard to concentrate on the words, and my shaded eyes regularly flitted to the side, hoping you'd awaken, and taking the opportunity of your sleep to memorize every line, from the partially exposed side of your breast to the comely shape of your legs and arms. Your fingers were exquisite and your neck and shoulders perfect for kissing and nuzzling.
When you finally woke, i was amused that you were not so careful to keep your tits covered. Having fallen asleep alone on the beach, you didn't realize i was there until you'd already sat up enough for me to devour the sight of your mounds hanging free. Your areolas and nipples looked perfect for licking and sucking, and i salivated at the thought. Finally, you sensed me there, but rather than be embarrassed, you confidently sat up further and looked over quizzically.
"Well... hi?" You said it somewhere between a greeting and a question, with a friendly smile on your face, apparently content to leave your tits on display for this man quietly reading beside you.
I turned my head, smiling wide and chuckling in response. "Hello gorgeous!" I paused to enjoy the view you were giving me, as my cock rapidly thickened and lengthened down the leg of my trunks. "I hope you don't mind me reading here. This chair just looked better than the others." I smiled again, forgetting i had dark sunglasses on momentarily and so needlessly struggling to keep my eyes on your face in respect.
"Yeah, and the view down at this end of the resort is great," you say gesturing out and looking at the blue ocean before us.
I didn't turn my head to follow your view, but remembering my glasses, lifted them and looked pointedly at your breasts. I laughed again, saying, "Yes, i'd have to say that the view here is truly magnificent, even more so than usual today!!"
You looked down at yourself, then back at me with a smile that could have charmed the hardest heart, stuck your chest out to showcase your tits all the better, and with a smirk, said, "Yeah, flaunt it if you got it, right?" You laughed and added, "I just figured a handsome guy like you wouldn't sit so close if he was too much a prude to be interested in checking me out. So when i realized you'd already gotten a peek, i figured i might as well show off a little!"
This time it was my turn to smile ear to ear. "I'm James," i said, reaching over to offer a handshake. "Would you care for a drink? I make a pretty fair margarita, and my condo is right behind us there," i added, pointing back with the drink in my hand.
"Bella," you daintily shake my hand, "and i have to admit i'm feeling quite thirsty." You gather up your top and towel and stand, covering your breasts with the arm holding the cloths. Feeling gentlemanly, i stand too and offer my arm to you with a grin. You look at my proffered arm and laugh, saying, "Why, thank you, kind sir," with a mocking British accent as you take my arm with your free one.
I lead you into the condo and walk over to the counter to start making drinks. When i look back at you following me in and looking around, i see--to my profound pleasure--you set down both top and towel by the door and continue topless, chest out and shameless, into my abode. "Fuck me now!" i think to myself, gawking and grinning. I'd thought for sure you'd put the top back on. I took off my sunglasses to see you better out of the sun. Your body looked even better standing and walking than lying down, and my cock promptly insisted on standing up to join you.
Catching my look, you laughed again, a musical sound, and struck a sexy pose for me. Then seeing i was speechless, you took the moment to let your eyes trace down my own topless chest to the obvious erection in my trunks.
"Mmmm, i guess i'm not the only one here looking to show off their shape," you say, walking over toward me with a naughty look on your face. "That nice cock of yours is doing its damnedest to get out of those damp trunks!" Coming right up in front of me, as you say this, you give one last look down at my erection, then up at my eyes, our faces just inches apart.
Shaking off the enchantment you'd put me under, i replace my stunned grin with a charming, sly look right in your eyes. "Yeah, care to help the poor stiff out of his cage?" I set down the tequila bottle i was holding as you silently, sexually stare back and give a slow nod, with a wicked grin. Still saying nothing, the silence thick with sparks of sexual energy, you put one finger on my lips, stopping me just as i was about to lean in and kiss you. Then your eyes and your finger trace slowly, tantalizingly down my chin, along my neck, over my tanned chest and abs, and down to the waistband of my trunks and sliding it inside, pulling it out ever so slightly, then pausing.
Looking back up at my face, you raise an eyebrow, lean in and whisper in my ear, "I will let him out to play, but only if he promises to play nice." Leaning in brings your bare chest a hair's breadth from pressing against mine, so i swear i can feel the heat coming off your sun-warmed tits.
"Sorry, baby," i whisper back in your ear, "if you want my cock to come out and play, then i promise nothing of the sort." As i finish saying that, i swiftly grab your ass and pick you off your feet, and as if we practiced it daily, our lips find each other and we kiss passionately, your hands holding my face. I set you down on the counter to free my hands, immediately sliding one up to hold your back and the other up to get a hold of those tits that had been tantalizing me. The passion and intensity of our kissing elicits soft sighs of pleasure from you and moans of desire from me.
-- The Balcony Show (Baby) --
"Fuck!" I think to myself as it was hard to believe how within the matter of such a short time, I ended up in your condo....and topless! It's so rare that I just put my tits on display like I just did but I was feeling way too flirty and fun at that moment. I could feel my cunt melting below and oozing cream just at all the fun and excitement that had already happened. You, by the way look so fucking sexy, handsome, attractive and interesting all the while.
"Mmmmhhhhh, aaannhhhh, aaahhhh," kissing you is so heavenly! Holding your face, our tongues suck vigorously. I love the feel of your lips over mine and in-between. Fuck! What a charming hot guy! I can't even believe that I'm in your condo, half naked, still sober and about to have a fucking crazy time with you.
My hands move from your face to your shoulders and back, I pull my face back a little just to catch a breath and see such an intoxicated look in your eyes....such a naughty grin and dangerous smile ;) I can't wait to get you out of your shorts and see, feel and taste your manhood and am soooo waiting for you to rip my bikini bottom off to feel how wet you've made me. I slide off the counter onto the floor next to you. I see the tequila bottle and shot glasses on the counter, pour some for us and say the last one to finish has to do a double shot. We both chug down our shot simultaneously but you pour us another one coz we fucking have no reason not to.
The balcony is open and a lovely breeze is blowing in. You turn on some fun music and take my hand guiding me to the balcony which overlooks the water as well as the nearby cabanas, restaurants and condos along the beach. You leave only a small light on at the entrance of your condo and everything else is off. From the balcony, there aren't a lot of people that could pay attention to us which is good. As soon as we're there, our lips are still at each other....can't get enough of the kissing. I tug at your shorts and pull them off, simultaneously while you undo my strings and let my bottoms fall to the floor.
"Fuck! Your cock feels sooo good," I think to myself. I love how it just grew in my hands with me stroking it a few times. I pull back from our kiss, spit on my hands and rub it on my tits, grinning at you, uninhibited by the alcohol. I bite my lips and put a leg on one of the patio chairs on the balcony just so I could spread out my velvety soft pussy for you to enjoy. Your fingers find my kitten and you stick your middle two inside, pushing them in and out. We kiss again and I keep going with your cock in my hands... it's so fucking hard, smooth and a handful. Aahhh, those big balls.... just looking at them, I can't wait to get my mouth on them. I let go of your cock and pull your fingers out, peel my lips away and turn around because I fucking want to feel your rock hardness against my ass cheeks.
You press up against me from behind, whisper, "What a fucking naughty slut you are, Baby.... you play so well, you don't even care if someone is watching from a dark room or balcony."
"Heck no, I don't care if anyone is watching.... let them enjoy the show," I whisper back. By the end of my sentence, you smacked my ass on the right so fucking hard, I moaned in pain. My right leg again finds the chair to rest it on, I bend over supporting myself on the balcony rails, thrust my ass up to you....waiting every second which seems so long for your to stick your thick rod inside me. I just can't take it...I'm dripping, oozing and sooo fucking wet.
"Come on, James....I need you sooo bad.... fuck!!! Come on.... pleassseeeee!!!!" I look back and you're not even there. You returned with the speakers and music a bit louder....just to muffle our moans of ecstasy about to happen. Catching me off guard, you push all of you inside me from behind.
"Aaannnhhhh, fuckkkkkk aaaahhhhh, shiiiittttttt," I respond. You grab hold of my waist with your left hand and shoulder with your right and you thrust away. Boy, do I love the way our skin is slapping together and your balls are hitting my opening. My moans are getting louder and I'm trying to keep them low. You hand on my shoulder moves to my mouth and you pull me a bit closer to muffle my screams of pleasure. I clench my pussy lips just to squeeze your cock a bit and give you a tighter sensation. I love the way you moan.... so fucking sexy.
"Baby, I'm almost gonna cum."
"Me too", i whisper. Without a care in the world, I just start to orgasm, moaning loudly, loving the way you're holding my mouth, trying to hopefully not disturb anyone, my body shakes and trembles ...knees weaken, I almost fall backwards into you as I cum and you cum right after me.....I love the feeling of your hot jizz shooting up inside me. Aahhhh, fuck!!!!!! That felt so fucking good.
We stand in the balcony, overlooking the ocean. It's almost 8pm and it's not quite dark yet. The moon is shining bright. I love our embrace; you holding me from behind, resting your chin on my shoulder, both arms around me, nibbling at my neck.
"That was a good fuck, Bella."
"You were so good, I want more," I say back as I grab the towel on the chair nearby to cover us up some.
You turn me around and we kiss again, deeply and slowly, our tongues can't get enough of each other. I love gazing in your eyes and exchanging lustful glances and desire for each other.
"Let's get some clothes on, come inside," you suggest.
-- Moonlit Sand and Sea (Baby) --
With a towel on, I throw my suit into the dryer at your condo and while we wait for it to dry a bit, we realize we're hungry, so I make quick sandwiches with cheese spread and you decide to make us margaritas after all. "Do you wanna eat by the water on the beach?" you ask.
"That sounds fun! Lets!" I say.
So, once my suit is dry, we're back in our swim gear (you have on a different pair of insanely tight swim shorts!) we pack up our food, grab our drinks and head back to the sand. It's gotten darker but the moon is still shining bright. We find a spot by the shore to spread our blanket. take a seat, sitting so close to each other. We eat, don't talk much, but just enjoy the waves and moonlight. We finish our drinks which you made pretty strong. I totally feel relaxed, giggly and buzzed.
We take a few moments to steal kisses in-between our drinking and eating. Though we've just met a few hours ago, there seems to be some kinda connection that makes it so comfortable to enjoy all of the romance and sex, a really safe, comfortable feeling.
I lie down on my back looking up to the stars with a huge grin on my face, like I've struck gold or something. You're so quick not to leave me alone there that you climb on top of me. Your lips can't wait to find mine again. I fucking love how hard your dick is and how it feels pressed onto me. You're on your elbows so I can breath. I love running my fingers over your the back of your neck and parts of your head. I love the feel of your back, shoulders and arms.
"I wanna go in the water with you," I whisper lustfully looking in your eyes.
"I do too, Baby," you say rolling off to the side, helping me get up. We stand and I feel both your hands cup my ass. Fuck, that feels so good! I plant a bunch of tiny kisses all over your chest, shoulders and neck.
"I want this off," you say tugging at my bottoms.
"Not here! Maybe there," I say tilting my head towards the water.
You don't listen to me, you don't care and just snap my bottoms off, pull yours down and off and pick me up.
"Wrap your legs around my waist," you whisper. I do so and you push your manhood into my again, already wet hole. We kiss.
You carry me a little closer to the shore just like that with your dick in me and my legs around you. You bend your knees and lower us, I lean backwards and use my hands and elbows to support myself on the sand, with you on top of me. We're close enough to the water for the waves to hit us on the shore. By now my tits are out, I pull the strings on my top and fling it on the sand a bit of a distance away.
Your dick is so hard, and I want to ride you this time. I ask you to roll over while pushing you down on the sand and slide onto you - our hands clasped together- fingers intertwined, looking each other in the eye, I fuck you up and down, leveraging my knees on the sand with my tits bouncing. You free one hand and slap my right tit and then the next and squeeze my nipples, which I love. I bend down to let them caress your face and you suck on them a little, biting too, for fun. We kiss while we're at it too. My tongue dancing with yours. I like how your hands on my waist help hasten the momentum. You start groaning, we get closer and closer to ecstasy, your head rolls back a little as I feel the final rush of blood to your throbbing cock, and then we cum together.
"Annnhhh ahhhhhh, fuck fuck fuck..... Aaaaahhhhhh." Fuck, you sound so hot when you cum!
We're spent and just lay on the beach for a while, our legs and arms entangled with each others and my head resting on your left shoulder.
We actually fall asleep there for a while and when I woke in the middle of the night, glanced at my watch, it was 2am.
"Babe, we gotta go," I whisper, trying to gently wake you up while planting kisses on your face. You stir and shift a bit and slowly open your eyes.
We gather up our stuff, both still tired and sleepy as well. We walk back with your arm around me. As we approach your condo, you ask me to come sleep over. I decline and point you in the direction of the hotel I'm staying at just a couple buildings away.
"See ya tomorrow then?"
"Sure! I'll probably be out on the beach by mid day, if not, you can find me at room #42."
We depart for the night with a deep kiss and sensual body groping hug. We need sleep, but tomorrow can't come soon enough!