At eighteen years old; some would consider that she'd made some wrong choices. Others, like myself, choose to be less judgmental and see her life-choices in a larger light, that she is hopefully moving faster than most towards total liberation. Deceptively intelligent, 'dumb blonde' is only a mask she wears.
Having utterly assumed the mantle of 'fuck-doll' for the porn industry, her body is a custom-built boy-toy; a 3-holed male-masturbation-facilitator; the pinnacle of female physical beauty; a temple to be quickly and often cummed in by cocks.
"I want to have been cummed in by 1 million cocks by the time I retire," she was once quoted as having said during an interview with 'Only 18' magazine, adding, "and I think I'm off to a good start..."
Recently at the DMV while registering her automobile, the man behind the desk looking over her papers, startled, leaned towards her and confirmed, 'Miss Jennifer Pinebottom?' then glanced to their left and right and added conspiratorially, 'It's you, isn't it! Jessica Fuckhole! I've jerked-off to you soooo many times!' She just smiled at him as he stamped her form, his dick erect in his pants below the desk. She left a big red lipstick kiss-mark on one of her professional 'Jessica Fuckhole' business cards and palmed it to him as a souvenir. The little man practically came in his pants right then and there.
On the street she is glared at jealously by women and leered at lustfully by men.
Five foot eleven inches, fake, G-cup tits like tanned bowling balls of flesh, pert, pink nipples like marshmallow candies, ass-length bleached platinum-blonde hair, mile-long slender, shapely legs, a flat, miniscule waist, collagen-injected lips, a perfectly waxed-smooth pussy, fake-tanned skin nearly dark-orange in color, an ass like a pair of fuckin' flesh melons: the definition of female-rear-end-perfection; a living fuck-doll; a real-life Photoshopped bitch...
She wore makeup like a Barbie-doll-whore; her magnetism was undeniable. She had sculpted herself as the perfect male sexual fantasy; pure cock-hole. Hence, she excelled in her profession: the fuck business.
"Action..." the director said lazily, jerking his semi-flacid noodle as he steadied a camcorder at the naked pair.
The cock was shoved forwards up Jessica's cunt-hole.
"Oooooooh!" she moaned, looking far more aroused than she could possibly have been...
"Shit, bitch, your hole's so fuckin' tight!" the guy cried sincerely as he fucked her perfect body.
Indeed, her pussy was fucking tight, hardly the size of an American nickel. And her asshole was obviously even fucking tighter...
One day, 'Ass Fuck' productions decided to host a contest where one fan would win the chance to fuck Jessica for 1 night, no holes barred, in a 5-star hotel, with professional photographers on-scene to capture whatever the winner might do to Fuckhole (with Ass Fuck retaining legal rights to any material filmed or photographed, the winner being allowed to take home a copy for himself.)
Needless to say, applications came in by the thousands. Horny male's dreams filled with vivid images of themselves fucking Jessica Fuckhole up her fuck-holes (even more full than their dreams already were of such images.) Jessica worked on her tan as her managers sorted through the mountains of horny, obscene, some cum-stained, application letters.
Meanwhile, she did a photo-shoot with Biff, the 15''-cocked bastard model for 'Full Bodied Women' magazine. His monstrous slab of salami miraculously fit up her lubed cunt, to the balls, in fact, and only god knows how he fit his dick up her arse- to the balls, no less. The horny photographer had to put down his cigarette, his mouth hung open so uncontrollably in awe, as he snapped pics of Jessica upside-down sucking on Biff's steak. She stuffed his balls into her sexy young mouth and his dick pressed up into her oiled cleavage. Pics of her spread, oiled ass would make the front page of the magazine, and that of Biff's spent cock, slung over her cum-covered shoulder beside her smiling face would make the centerfold.
Several heart-attacks had been the result of men jerking-off madly to pics of her luscious, smooth, tight, 18-year-old pussy. And even occasionally a divorce would result from men's obsession with this sex-bombshell's steaming-hot fuck videos and magazine spreads.
Her pussy, boobs, and asshole had all been molded and duplicated in pink, translucent jelly sex toys for guys to jerk-off to.
'I love Jessica Fuckhole' was scribbled on many a men's inside washroom stall door, and also on some women's.
During a chemistry lecture, young student Jimmy's mind wandered to Jessica's lips around his cock, and his erection was noticed by several of his classmates.
Gordon fucked his wife, Shelly, but imagined that his dick was buried up Jessica instead.
Finally, the (oh-so) lucky winner was chosen. It was to be Chaz, a young man who had heard of the contest on the internet.
The camera and photographers crew gathered in the hotel room before either of the fuckers could arrive. Chaz came next, nervous, but of course horny as hell. 2 hours late, Jessica Fuckhole arrived, dressed in a translucent pink bikini, long, white fur scarves, thigh-high black fishnets, and black 6" high platform stilettos. Her hair was up in 2 cute-as-hell platinum-blonde pigtails. Her smooth young pussy lips bulged visibly beneath the sheer, pink fabric of her skimpy bikini bottom. The sheer bikini top did nothing to conceal her gorgeous nipples and ample fake breasts. Boners arose as she walked by.
"You ever fucked on camera, Chaz?" the sleazy camera-man asked the lucky winner.
Chaz didn't answer. He was focused on Jessica Fuckhole; soon to be his cock-sheath. She smiled at him, his dick rising instantly in response.
"You ready for this?" Jessica said aloofly, laying back on the luxury bed, opening her legs and sliding her bikini bottom to the side, revealing her tanned, tight, famous fuck-hole in the flesh.
"Taste her first," the director suggested.
Chaz didn't take his eyes off her cunt. He came in slowly and licked the famous fruit that so many had licked and fucked and jerked-off to before. She tasted like watermelon Jolly Rancher, and her asshole tasted like chocolate... Fuckhole was moaning like a pro in fake ecstasy, although she was in fact actually enjoying herself, too. But not as much as Chaz was! His cock raged, and nearly came without even having touched her!
"If you can make it 50 thrusts up her pussy, I just lost $200!" a photographer said as he snapped pics from different angles of the action.
Chaz stripped and placed his cock-head onto her beautiful, nickel-sized snatch-hole, which had begun to drool. He thanked his lucky stars as he thrust forwards, her tight hole taking his cock halfway up inside of her pussy...
"Oh man, that's tight!" Chaz said inspired...
He worked his dick back and forth up her tight, lubed tunnel... Deeper and deeper he worked it back and forth, until he was fucking her proper, up to the balls and back out each thrust...
"Shit! Oh! Yes! Uh! Fuck my pussy!..." and so on, went the gorgeous young whore...
50 thrusts later, the photographer cursed, and Chaz continued for hundred of thrusts more... From time to time, he pulled out and the bitch would take his dick between her enhanced lips and suck him hard, nearly bringing him off...
Finally it was time for the ass. He had lasted this long, and he wanted her shit-hole now. Jessica crawled into doggy, reached back and spread her own ass-melons, revealing her chocolate, tightest cock-socket above her smooth, drooling pussy.
Chaz's dick strained to the ceiling as he ogled her exposed arse-hole, just as he had done to her pictures so many times before... He placed his dick onto her rear-opening, took a deep breath, and slid forwards, her ring opening tighter than a fist around his cock-head...
"Ah, man, that's fucking amazing!" he cried...
The camera crew's mouths were agape, and their dicks in their pants were nearly as hard as Chaz's as they watched and filmed the fantasy unfolding...
Jessica continued with a constant string of, "Oh! Yeah! Fuck my ass!..." and so on...
Chaz couldn't believe how tight she was as he slid his dick all the way home up her brown-hole between her fuckin' bum-pillows... Fucking her ass was the best his dick had ever felt in his life...
"Take it!" Chaz yelled as he rammed her tight butt with his fuck-stick...
"Now suck my cock!" he pulled out of her shit-hole and fed himself up into her lips... She sucked him hard; he fucked her face, and then she begged (like a pro) for him to put it back up her ass...
He lay down and she straddled his dick. Her huge tanned tits loomed above him like cum-coaxing zeppelins... She guided his prick slowly up her rump-chute, and began to bounce up and down on his shaft, quicker and quicker...
Chaz was in heaven!
One crewmember groaned as he accidentally came in his pants and had to go to the bathroom to clean himself up...
The bombshell brought herself off atop this anonymous cock, and her sweet, tight, young pussy gushed all over his belly...
His cock was hot as hell from all the friction up her ass, as she continued to speed-fuck his rod with her asshole...
"Shit, bitch, I'm gonna cum! I want you to swallow it!" cried Chaz...
The camera crew were jerking their dicks as they filmed, the scene was so hot...
Jessica knelt on the bed as Chaz stood before her and jerked his rod... Not 10 seconds later her moaned, "Oooh!" blasting a long rope of white, hot cum into her willing, open, young, slut's mouth...
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" she moaned like a cum-bitch as she took his sperm down her throat...
She wrapped her mouth around his cumming rod and pumped him like a McDonald's vanilla milkshake straw, drinking down his every drop of jizz...
Spent, Chaz lay down beside the gorgeous vixen...
The sleazy crew gave Chaz the instructions how to pick up the tapes and pics later on that week at the studio, as they gathered their equipment and left the pair alone in the room.
The bombshell lingered.
Chaz had expected her to leave a.s.a.p., being the star-bitch that she was, but she hung around and ordered some room-service. She turned out to be quite friendly towards him, showing him a side of herself that he'd never imagined, saying, "That was pretty good, stud! I'd ride you again anytime, off-camera, you know, in private..."
"Oh yeah? How 'bout fuckin' right now?" Chaz said, and got on top of her, his dick growing to fully-erect as he kissed her... She returned the kiss and they fucked again, her holes stretched once more around his cock...
It was the beginning of a wonderful relationship...