Teleportation sucks. I bent over as I fought the urge to retch. My new surroundings were a dressing room with a plethora of costumes, a few of which matched armor I had worn in the Star Wars game. The jet black Mandolorian armor screamed, wear me. A scantily clad female of a species I had not encountered offered to bathe and dress me in the armor of my choice.
"Welcome young Master," she greeted me in heavily accented English. "I am called Lotus by the Ravens. My people are known amongst the inhabitants of the Maze as the Serpentis for our reptilian nature. Is there anything you wish to know as I run your bath?"
"What is your name?"
"T'kan Ur Malan roughly translates to sun-kissed at noon's twin. My world orbits a binary system. My birth coincided with both suns exalted in the sky."
"Auspicious."
"So my tribe believed," she blushed a deep green. "Our bath is ready. May I have the honor of washing you?"
"I feel spoiled, but when in Rome," I said, and Lotus grinned. "What?"
"Nothing, well, I recall when Tiberius Caesar Augustus ruled. It seems like yesterday."
'He was the second emperor of Rome and ruled for twenty-three years and retired until his death at the age of seventy-seven,' Surfer said.
Lotus undressed me before removing the silk gown that she wore. For a reptilian race, her anatomy appeared quite human. Was life out there not so divergent from our own? We entered the circular tub. It could have held twenty people comfortably, so the two of us had plenty of room. Lotus used a wooden bucket to gather water and dump it over my head before the applied shampoo and worked it into my hair and scalp.
"You look remarkably human," I said, and she laughed. "What is so amusing?"
"Later, once you are adequately bathed and dried, I will reveal one of my secrets. My people hoard such things as a miser acquires gold. Do you prefer hands or feet to wash your nether regions?"
"Feet?"
"Oh yes, my toes are quite nimble, and I trained in the art of pleasing males with them."
"Toes it is then."
"Everyone in the Maze has heard the name Booker," Lotus said as her full, firm breasts rubbed against my back.
"An occupational hazard, I suppose," I said. "How do the Ravens get the internet out here?"
"The Ravens have a satellite that broadcasts and grants access to the privileged few. Only the wealthiest can contact your world directly. The Osirian embassy is the most well-known for that pleasure." Lotus shifted and washed my arms now. She gasped in surprise when her fingers accidentally brushed against the bracer on my left forearm. "Where did you get that?"
"I found it. What is the fuss?"
"You do not have its mate," Lotus said.
"I am not sure that it has one," I replied, noticing her sudden change of demeanor. What had begun as docile and sensuous abruptly became intense and curious.
"No doubt you will. Now, sit back and enjoy as my feet massage away all that nasty stress. Tsk-tsk, fine, the K'Ta'Viiri, better known as the Duskwalkers or Lords of Essænce, crafted that vambrace you wear. Their origins are shadowy, but the most agreed-upon legend is that the Anunnaki designed and created the Duskwalkers. They seeded them upon the Earth once it had reached a certain level of development. They possessed many genetic gifts, chief among them the ability to absorb, channel, and manipulate the Essænce or dragon line energy. The two were quite inseparable, leading to the race's near-extinction. Only a handful survive, including yourself, of course."
"How do you know so much?" Left asked. 'Who is this female' He sent to me silently. 'I was asleep.'
'She says her people are called the Serpentis,' I replied. Left mentally shrugged, and his caution vanished as if he knew her people and didn't see them as a threat.
"My people were engineered by the Duskwalkers mimicking their creators. We were designed as servants and only freed when the dragon lines slept. With their deaths, we vowed to never lower ourselves to be as haughty and dismissive as your people. Since our freedom, we have become humble and happy. I hold no ill will Booker. You have shown your kindness and lust for life."
"I am not going to spoil such a pleasant encounter. About those toes of yours."
True to her word, Lotus' toes were practically prehensile in their ability to grip and stroke my growing erection. She gleefully supported herself using her arms, allowing her feet easy access to my cock. One foot would stabilize the side of my erection while the other moved up and down as deftly as any handjob I had received.
"When was the first time someone stroked you off?"
A memory surfaced, but it wasn't one of mine but Nick's. It was one of the first times he and Kat fooled around. Instead, I shared the time at a birthday party when several of us drank too much and crossed a few lines. There were no regrets, just missed opportunities, and in my case, I had a crush on a popular girl, and she spent the night with someone else. I had been too shy to tell her how I felt. After that, my attitude changed, but it was too little too late. We graduated, and she went abroad for college. Regrets aplenty and all too human.
"Interesting. Do you have any words of advice for new players just getting into the game?" Lotus asked and pointed to the floating sphere that was remarkably like one of my droids from Star Wars.
"Where did you get that?"
"The Ravens purchase them from an engineer here within the Maze. She managed to mimic not just your droids but also other players' creations. Hush now and let Lotus make you climax."
"Have fun," I said in answer to her query. "Be creative. Unn, that feels nice. Where was I?"
"Spit or swallow. You were about to beg me to suck you off."
"No, I wasn't," I replied, watching her shocked reaction with pride. "If you want it so damn bad, go for it. You've already used your feet; why not use your mouth. Does your species even have a gag reflex?"
"Nope. Watch this."
A second sphere hovered over the bath and opened, and Lotus extracted a tube of lipstick. She applied the glowing neon green makeup to her lips. I sat on the side of the pool while the camera droid repositioned itself directly above us for a bird's eye view. The other droid took a position next to us so that the audience never missed any of the action. Lotus opened her mouth and lowered her head so slowly that I thought of molasses on a winter morning.
"That's it, take your time," I said for the audience's sake. "Mmm, damn, that feels amazing."
I felt my cock pop into her throat, and then her lips clamp down to form a perfect glowing ring around the base. Lotus carefully opened her mouth and raised her head in triumph. As a joke, I awarded her extra experience points for pulling off a flawless lipstick challenge. A moment later, she spun around, took me in hand, and jumped past foreplay straight into riding my cock for an audience of who knows how many. Was this any different than an audience watching me playing the game?
"I hope you don't mind me fucking you. This moment is for every female who masturbates to you. Your cock is hitting deeper than expected. It was worth it," Lotus said cryptically. "I love your cock! Mmm, pity our species aren't compatible with one another. We'd make strong offspring."
"You are doing great. Keep it up, and I'll reward you by pinning you against the wall and fucking you bent."
"Unn... bent? Is that a human term for sexual congress?"
"It means I leave you covered in sweat, panting, and in the throws of sensory overload."
"I accept your challenge. Keep watching as I fuck Booker bent."
As Lotus rode me in a reverse cowgirl position, I learned the differences between the Serpentis and humans. Her coloring reminded me of She-Hulk with a dark jade hue. Lotus' torso was longer than usual, with powerful lungs that pumped air into her lungs with greater capacity than any human. Her hunger for pleasure matched my own as she lifted her hips slowly and let gravity slam her ass down against me.
"I am going to milk your balls dry," Lotus said. Her accent vanished somewhere between blowing me and sitting on my cock.
"Go for it."
With each orgasm, either hers or mine, we switched positions, trying the simpler ones first, and then worked our way through configurations requiring a flexible body and raw physical endurance. Lotus took great joy in getting me into the amazon form and being in charge.
"Unn, your cock is hitting so damn deep."
"You are stronger than you look."
We took a break after I blew my Nth load in her depths to catch our collective breaths.
"I've never fucked anyone with such sexual stamina before," Lotus said.
"Don't take this the wrong way, but I've never fuck a reptilian female before today."
"Our species rarely fornicates outside our species. I am not, by my nature, an exhibitionist. The Ravens promised a hefty sum to display our coupling over the Maze's network. How am I doing?"
"Not knowing the nature of your race's standard breeding practices, I can only judge you by human standards. Stating that, I give you a gold star."
"I'm ready when you are. What position would you like to fold me into this time?"
"It is called the piledriver, and it can be rough on your end."
"Ooh, I prefer activities that challenge me physically. Do not hesitate to pound me like a nail." Lotus said and then looked at one of the orbs. "Breed me."
What was supposed to be a simple bath and dressing for my performance became a ninety-minute fuckathon. As promised, when I finished, Lotus lay on the floor gasping for breath and leaking due to multiple donations from yours truly. Sadly, her species did not sweat but regulated their temperature by taking a cold shower.
"Never leave them wanting," I said.
I washed up, rinsed, and dried off. As I toweled my hair, I looked over the numerous costumes and chose one that allowed for a better range of movement than the heavy-duty Mandolorian suit. I strapped on Nightshade and looked at my reflection.
"What do you think?" I asked as I saw movement in the corner of my eye. "Lotus?"
The attack came from behind as I headed for the door leading to the gymnasium. Lotus sprang on my back, attempting to drive her fangs, which dripped a caustic venom into my neck. Instinctively I spun around to try and shake her off, but her legs were too strong and securely wrapped around me. My right hand gripped her throat while I balled up my left fist and repeatedly struck the side of her head. Lotus would be stunned or severely injured if she were human, with a rigid bone structure. Her reptilian nature allowed her body to absorb the kinetic energy with little harm. Because of how she clung to me, I could not free the sword from its sheath. Besides, my hands were busy keeping her fangs in check.
"I will cut off your arm and claim that vambrace as a trophy--so many years of waiting for someone to retrieve it from the pool. Now fucking die Duskwalker."
"God damn Black Decade."
I felt her breath near my ear, and panic inspired a burst of strength. I opened my fist and used my fingers to thrust blindly, and the third attempt worked. My thumb found Lotus' left eye and burst it like a sour grape. Lotus let out a shriek of pain and released me.
"Bitch," I cursed as she tumbled to the floor, covering the empty socket.
I stumbled back, trying to breathe from my bruised ribs and diaphragm. Lotus shifted into a crouch, bunched her legs and tail, and prepared to renew the assault. I gripped Nightshade's hilt and waited. Lotus launched herself at me a second time, but I performed a flawless Iaijitsu maneuver and sliced her in half. The art of quick draw combined with a slashing attack had been in the samurai's arsenal for centuries. I drove the blade into her head to be sure Lotus was dead. It was my version of double-tap from Zombieland. The camera droid hovered close as I found an errant piece of cloth and wiped Lotus' blood from the sword. So much for not holding a grudge. As her blood pooled on the floor, her body reverted to its pure reptilian form, and I cursed.
"How?"
"The Serpentis perform a ritual when they wish to infiltrate a community. They kidnap someone of the same sex, prepare the victim, and then consume them so they can assimilate their genetic characteristics. We used them as spies and assassins in the good old days."
"Thanks for the heads up."
"They were programmed to be subservient to us. I didn't think Lotus was a threat," Left said.
"Well, is there any doubt she was Black Decade?"
"None, so?"
"Do we continue or cut and run?"
"There are the fans to consider. Do you think there might be more attempts?" Left asked, and I shrugged.
"A promise is a promise," I said and looked into the camera. "Bring it on, Ravens."
They teleported me to a coliseum-sized arena where my fans packed the seats and waved flags with my name on them. The lights dimmed, and a spotlight shone on the announcer's booth, and I'll be damned if I didn't recognize the character the woman was portraying. Her cosplay was master class, and the detail was perfect, down to the most minute detail. You'd almost swear it was Jarael from the Star Wars franchise with her milky white skin and hair, the blue tattoos or birthmarks, lips, and eyes. They projected her image to holographic screens all over the stadium as she spoke. How did she manage to dye her tongue blue? Even her sclera had that Fremen, blue within blue coloration. Was she real? Did she come from an alternative dimension?
"Females, males, and beings of myriad genders welcome to the arena!" She began with a thunderous response from the audience. "Cast your attention to the center of the killing ground. Today's challenger is none other than the one the only Booker!"
Killing ground? Challenger? What the fuck did I get myself into this time? Ugh, I could barely think straight from the deafening roar from the crowd.
"There will be three rounds today. If Booker can beat the first champion, he will be rewarded with a piece of armor to enhance his natural abilities. The second round is worth a dragon's heart for his consumption, and the third and final round will be a flawless Shintai for a weapon or armor of his choice. Unlike the usual rules, Booker will fight until he is rendered unconscious or immobilized. This conflict is not a deathmatch, repeat, not a deathmatch."
'A dragon heart and a Shintai, the Ravens must think highly of your skill,' Left said.
"Why would I want to eat a dragon's heart?"
'Dragons are notoriously for their stamina and sex drive, and a Shintai can channel your energy into focused strikes.'
"Are you sure I'm not in the game?"
A deep rumble shook the coliseum as the ground split, and a massive metal elevator brought the thing out of its holding pen. The motor that lifted the platform strained to reach the surface, and just before the nightmare appeared, the engine failed. I drew the sword and took a defensive stance as the thing leaped from the gap onto the sand-covered floor. The closest thing to terrestrial creatures that could describe the horror would be a blend of cat, spider, squid, and jellyfish. The thing's surface rippled, and I felt its voice reach out and nearly knock me over. It felt like being battered on every square inch facing the creature. My muscles complained as I raced towards my foe as fast as my body could. The spidery legs allowed it to scuttle in my direction, and I planned to drive the sword into the thing's body to test its vulnerability.
"Be cautious," Left spoke aloud now. "For all its size, the thing weighs more than it should. Don't let your guard down."
As we approached, I felt the earth tremble with every step the other made, and the ground flattened, leaving deeply furrowed prints. I altered my strategy, and instead of a direct thrust, I would leap and slash along the top to test the keen edge versus the flesh of the horror. Would even a legendary blade be enough to penetrate the dense epidermis? I had to try, and as the distance evaporated, I leaped, and the edge described a long straight line behind the cluster of multifaceted eyes. The violet liquid gathered at the blade's tip from the momentum of my swing. The wound, though not deep, must have struck sensitive nerve bundles because the creature spun and screeched in pain.
"It didn't cut deep."
"Did you forget the metal is toxic?"
The wound was beginning to smoke, and the beast went berserk. It attacked in a blind rage, and while its attacks were unpredictable, they were avoidable. It could maintain an assault for a limited time before withdrawing to catch its breath. Then, I pushed my assault and performed dashing strikes to add more of the weapon's poison into the thing's system. It was a grueling duel since the creature seemed to have the fortitude of several bull elephants. After its seventh withdrawal, I cockily launched my next series of attacks and paid dearly for it. The same sonic assault it had launched initially slammed into my body and, with my forward moment, sent me crashing to the ground.
"Get up, Booker," Left urged. "Fuck... roll damn it."
I pulled my arms against my body and rolled as the thing charged my position. It missed me with its trample, but one of the translucent tentacles struck my back and sliced through my armor. I felt the wet heat as blood trickled down my back and pooled there. The wound began to burn, and my anger and fear blended. I lowered the sword and faced the thing as it started a second charge.
"Booker... what are you doing?" Left asked.
I let my rage fuel my instincts and waited until it was a few yards from me. I opened my mouth and tested my theory. If I was wrong, this match was over, but if I was right. I invoked the seven notes and released the death song into the creature. To anyone watching, it would appear that the monster slammed into a brick wall, halted instantly, and dropped to the ground, twitching. Its flesh turned milky white, and all of its limbs and tentacles curled up as it perished. A moment later, I joined it in unconsciousness. The venom from the pseudopod had done its work.
I awoke naked in a bed face down as a medic treated my wound and gave me the antidote to the Srelifed's venom. The hawk-headed Osirian remarked that I had endured the toxin longer than any other being he had encountered.
"I am Horu-Tet from the Osirian embassy. I've never encountered a Duskwalker before. I often treat the gladiators that fight in the arena. How did you survive the purge?"
"I didn't," I said. "Discretion requires that I remain silent, but you have my thanks."
"Your treatment required delving into the depths of our lore. Duskwalker physiognomy is decidedly complex and intriguing. You will not perish under my care, I promise. Might I ask a small favor of you?"
"For the being that saved my life, anything."
"After you finish in the arena, could you visit my sister? She is a huge fan and ill."
"I would love to, and I hope she recovers soon," I said. While the Osirian's features may have been alien, the medic's eyes were highly expressive. "I'm sorry."
"She is one of many suffering from the same illness."
"What are the symptoms?" Left asked. Once the Horu-Tet recovered from his shock, he and Left went back and forth about the disease and its treatment. "I know this affliction, and it is curable." He listed the herbs, roots, and extracts required to treat the sister and the other Osirians.
"Go, take care of your sister," I urged, but the Osirian shook his head.
"Let me treat the wound properly; otherwise, you could die. Now, hush, and let me finish what I started."
I chuckled, winced at the pain, and closed my eyes. While my body rested, my mind raced. Was the beast another attempt at my life? When I asked Left about it, he praised my paranoia and believed I was beginning to think like a proper Duskwalker. I turned my head to the side and spotted the camera drone resting on what I suspected was a charging station. The lens of the drone pointed in my direction. Were the fans watching me recover?
'Left?'
'Yeah,' he replied. 'Smart move going silent. What's up?'
'I've been thinking. What if the Ravens hacked the game and placed the coordinates for me to find?'
'Why would they do that? What do they get out of it?'
'We've run into assassins along the way. Remember how they reacted when I mentioned the Black Decade? They both turned cold instantly. Maybe, this is a hunch; what if whoever set up the contract did so using the Ravens. They used a code name or something instead of my name. If the Ravens are such big fans, would they have accepted a hit targeting me?'
'I see your logic,' Left said. 'Then it is likely the next two champions are assassins, and this is just business for the twins.'
'Think of the ratings if they got my death on camera,' I said, and Left remained silent. 'I suspected as much. One of the benefits of consolidation, but I haven't surrendered. Still, we are in some pretty deep shit, if I am right. Five down, five to go.'
I slipped into a meditative trance and focused my energies on healing. Time slipped by without me consciously measuring it. The creaking sound of rusty wheels roused me, and I opened my eyes. A uniformed female of a non-human species gestured at three containers for me to choose my reward for winning the first conflict. Her body's composition had a basic human shape with two arms, two legs, and a head, with the rest utterly alien. Her exposed flesh, of which there was much, was the color of ripe tangerines. The female's head reminded me of an octopus and a jellyfish blend. A ring of eight eyes formed a circle around the upper portion of her skull, while everything below it formed a mass of tentacles and squirming cilia.
"What do you think? Can you identify these things?" I asked Left.
"Ask if you can open the boxes before choosing," he suggested. I asked the female, and she pointed to the two boxes and nodded, but the inky black cylinder was a no-no. "Open them up, and let's take a gander." The cylinder shook on its own, which inspired Left to launch into a story spontaneously. "Back in my day Atlantis and the Osirians allied against an invader from an unfriendly dimension. The vast numbers of foreign soldiers compared to ours forced the powers that be to utilize genetic warfare. The historians called it the Symbiot War. It lasted decades until that alien dimension no longer aligned with the Earthly plane."
"What kind of symbiotes were used?"
"A squishy amorphous thing would bond to its host and provide various benefits depending upon the user's rank. Field grunts were given the least evolved, and while they kept the soldier alive far longer than they could have hoped for, the sharing turned lethal in the end. The symbiote consumed its host from the inside out. The officers received the rare truly sentient units with reactive properties and limited shapeshifting abilities."
"Sounds like my suit from the Marvel side of things," I said. "Did the enemy host parasites too?"
"That is what forced us to create ours in the first place. The invaders had hard, genetically engineered exoskeletons that resisted mundane weapons. They introduced the concept, and we perfected it. Apply enough force, and anything will break."
"A young tree bends in the wind," I said.
"Exactly. Ultimately, we locked away the symbiotes we could remove after the war for everyone's sake. Wearing them could be addictive. We designed them to pump various chemicals into their host to keep them alert and happy. Not all the hosts had their partners removed voluntarily, and withdrawal symptoms could include madness and death. The one in the tube could be fully aware, and I'd take a pass if I were you."
"Agreed. What about these other two?"
"Now, let's see what we have here. Ooh, an Ithloss torc that is as rare as hen's teeth. The Ravens aren't being stingy with their rewards. The process of creating and forging Ithloss is a lost art. The alloy is extraordinarily light and sturdy as hell. Who knows what powers it might possess."
I opened the second box, and Left whistled as I lifted a bright blue vambrace and examined it.
"Dracosite, an alloy distilled from the essence of an elder dragon. Highly frowned upon in most polite societies and could mark you as an enemy to rulers and commoners alike. Only a few people might be able to awaken the powers inside of it, so it is your call."
"I'd prefer a matching pair," I said. "What are the odds of finding its mate?"
"You are assuming there is one, but many of my brethren forged or commissioned our blacksmiths to craft single bracers of great power or as lore keepers. Before you ask, because of our extremely long lives, saving vital memories, spells, alchemical formulae, and the like within such a device was necessary. If the serpent's words were true, others must have tried and failed to remove the vambrace from the pool. Even a mediocre electrical shock in that environment would deter the most zealous treasure hunter."
"Did it accept you or me?" I asked, and I felt genuine confusion from Left. "Perhaps we'll learn further down the road."
The symbiote threw itself against the walls of the cylinder. It seemed determined to reach me. Had Left bonded with one in his past? If so, could this be the same one?
"I set my other half free after the war. It was an unpopular decision, but rank has its privileges."
"That thing in the tube is getting restless; best to pick and leave soon. I'll accept the torc; besides, a little bling never hurt anyone," I said.
The torc bent just enough to let it around my neck. Once in place, it became rigid and lent me a sense of comfort. The female pushed the cart away, and I feared the symbiote would free itself from the cylinder at any moment. I dressed for the second conflict, meditated to center myself, and strode onto the killing ground. A part of me suspected the next two champions were decade assassins and that this was a fight to the death despite what the crowd believed.
"Let's fuck some shit up," I growled as I took my spot.
The crowd greeted me with a roar of approval. The announcer hyped the next challenge, and this time the elevator didn't struggle to raise the second challenge. The humanoid figure bowed once and then launched itself at me. Only a desperate sidestep saved me from a brutal end. I drew the sword, and my foe paused and regarded me stoically. It raised its arms level with its shoulders, and a soft metallic hiss preluded his appendages, splitting apart and transforming into metallic tentacles. Where it had once possessed two arms, it now had six pseudopods.
"Aw shit, one survived!" Left cursed aloud. "Move, get some distance between us and that thing." I raced sideways, keeping the champion in my line of sight. "It is a Mark IX War Droid. The Hyperboreans decommissioned them after the Battle of Salerno. A flaw in their programming drove them bat-shit crazy. They have multiple processors scattered throughout their chassis. The thing is damned hard to destroy."
Maintaining space between the killer droid and myself was difficult while working out a strategy. My sword formed a defensive shield as the tentacles lashed out to impale me. Whatever material the robot was composed of was a match for my blade.
'May I be of service?' Surfer asked, sending a surge of hope through me.
'Yes, you may,' I said.
If she could, it would take time for Surfer to infiltrate the droid's systems. I had to give her that time and keep the thing's attention focused. I went on the offensive. My sudden charge surprised the war droid momentarily. It allowed me to land two critical blows before it switched to defense. The first strike penetrated the lower central cavity while the second hit where a human's heart would be. There was the briefest faltering in the machine's activities, and I suspected my sword had struck one of its central processors. I wound up for a third attack as it switched over, but even as my blade fell, all six tentacles crossed in the front, effectively blocking my attempt to destroy another node.
'Energy weapon,' Left warned.
I rolled away and instinctively raised my left arm in a shielding gesture. The particle beam weapon struck the vambrace and reflected towards the crowd. A defensive screen kept the public safe, and the crowd roared in approval when it hit--the prismatic effect made for one hell of a light show. I almost missed the runes that appeared momentarily across the surface of the bracer. They faded as quickly as they emerged.
"Ash nazg durbartuluk," I sang as the effect reminded me of when Frodo tossed the one ring into his fireplace.
"Unfamiliar spell configuration," the droid replied.
'Fear inspires heroics,' Left said. 'Why are you quoting Lord of the Rings?'
'The laser revealed the bracer's runes,' I said as I returned to a defensive posture. "Have at you, villain."
"Destroy the Booker," the war droid intoned. "This unit requires maintenance."
"I told you, he's a decade assassin."
"Yes, they chose me to fulfill your contract," the droid admitted.
"So, there aren't ten set assassins?" I asked as we went back and forth between attacking and defending.
"No, the Black Decade is a tradition, not an organization. The contractor offers up the assignment. This process takes time and money."
"I wasn't the original target then," I said, and the droid confirmed my flash of insight.
"You are correct. Nicholas Shaw was the primary target, and the guild selected you as a secondary target with his death."
"Lovely," I said, and so it became crystal clear.
This plan had been in the development process for years. A member of the Order of Chthon had placed the contract on Nick, and then it defaulted to me. Six green icons appeared in my field of view, and I assumed that Surfer had marked the remaining processors. My attack became a new priority as my blade sought out those targets.
"Do glasses make a girl sexier?" I asked, and the war droid faltered as it tried to wrap its head around my question. It was long enough for me to penetrate its defenses and score a sold hit on a node.
"Bastard," the robot cursed. "How did you know where to attack?"
"Pi divided by zero," I replied, and its photoreceptors turned crimson.
A slashing tentacle sliced through my cuirass and left a laceration behind. It was the droid's turn to mark a clean hit. Unlike the droid, I felt pain, and it would slow me down. The right side tentacles fused into a minigun and opened fire. Once again, I raised my left arm defensively, and the bracer glowed this time, and a circular energy shield blocked the projectiles. I rushed forward and body-slammed the war droid attempting to destabilize it. The robot managed to dig its feet into the ground. We were so close. How could I miss it?
"Die motherfucker," I screamed as the sword scored another direct hit on a processor.
"Retreat," Left urged, and I dodged the frantic lashing out by the droid. "Defense."
Instinctively I raised the bracer, and most of the energy was absorbed, and the runes appeared and remained visible this time. One of the beams reflected and hit the side of the robot's head. Two green icons turned yellow; Surfer was still at work sabotaging my enemy. The droid became desperate and launched grenades, firing the minigun and various energy weapons. I crossed the sword and bracer in front of me, and a synergetic effect managed to stop most of the attacks though not all. Shrapnel from one of the grenades lashed my leg, and a few stray bullets nicked my arms.
"Now or never, can you move?" Left asked.
I charged the droid with a roar of rage and slashed, cut, and stabbed until I destroyed every processor. My knees failed, and I knelt on the sand. Spurts of blood stained the ground as I fought to remain conscious. I planted the sword and leaned against it.
"Booker is victorious," the announcer declared, and my last memory was cheering from the crowd.
The dream of floating was like so many before it. A warm life-sustaining fluid supported my body as I hovered weightlessly. Was I back inside the damn tank? No!
"Be at peace, Duskwalker. I mean you no harm. Your wounds are grievous and need my attention," a female voice urged. "The machine damaged several arteries, veins, and internal organs during your conflict."
I saw cloud-piercing crystalline spires that glittered like moonbeams. Strange and exotic plants and animals surrounded the city walls. Within those walls, tall, athletic shapes of the Duskwalkers and Atlanteans strode leisurely along the curving walkways that climbed in and around the buildings they had crafted with great care. The ghost lines pulsed with the life of the city and its citizens. Without it, the people would perish, and their culture would turn to ash. I watched the color drain out of the landscape and wither before my eyes. A people and society that had endured millennia now lay like grains of sand upon the beach.
"You cannot stand against the hand of fate," Left said. "We preserved what we could, and an upstart stole our accomplishments, and for what?"
His presence within the dream had a soothing effect as he reminisced one moment and chastised a dead man the next.
"You are talking about Nick."
"Yes, a thief and a liar who robbed the dead and took credit for everything."
I drifted away after that to scenes of high sorcery and torrid affairs with females from across a dozen dimensions. The near-human 'wenches,' as Left remembered them, ranged from commoner to Empress alike. His cock had no conscience, and he left behind ruined lives and females craving his return. Gods, what an ego. His escapades covered every romance trope from a farmer's daughters to swinging through an open window into a lady's bed-chamber via grappling hook and rope. As I healed, Left regaled me with his exploits, and whether fanciful or true, they were entertaining.
"Remember, lad, never let the truth get in the way of a good story."
"There are five Duskwalkers out there," I thought suddenly.
"Six if they separate us," Left corrected me. "They won't do that, though; five is bad enough, but if they allow me to regenerate, they face a fully trained mage of the first circle."
"The Ghost Lines are waking up, aren't they?"
"Yes, Booker, the cycle is starting again, and the world will never be the same."
"If you choose to go your separate way, I won't try to stop you. You have been a dear friend and deserve to live your life on your terms."
"Not just yet; I am afraid of what I will become if I gain my freedom."
"Timelord victorious," I chuckled.
"You and your pop culture references. Please show me."
I shared the memory of a Doctor Who episode where a companionless Doctor crosses the line and defies the laws of his people to save one woman from certain destruction. The moral of the story, without a mundane influence, an influential figure can lose their perspective, and even if the cause is just the means of going about it could be devastating.
"You hit the nail on the head. I fear my skills and abilities. If left to my desires, I would rebuild our race and find a home for us. I'm not sure the multiverse is ready for a return of the Duskwalkers."
"We'll see what fate has in store for us."
"Us, I like the sound of that."
The dreams shifted, and I became the Sorcerer Supreme, including the Eye of Agamotto, arcane gestures, and summoning invocations. Alliteration seemed the key to Stan Lee's magic system and naming conventions. For example, the Crimson Bands of Cytorrak or the dire demons of Denak that Doctor Strange summoned in the comics. I enjoyed dreams like that, especially when I may or may not survive the treatment. Worse case, I thought, they could clone me again and again. Would there ever be an end to it? Maybe I should perish and surrender to fate. The anger blossomed deep inside, and I remembered my dad and how he drilled into me how precious life was. Only a coward gives up when things become difficult.
"No, I will not give up!"
The darkness of sleep enveloped me, and the aches and pains from my conflict slowly faded. I drifted in a sea of nothingness while my flesh knit and cells regenerated. No images, no sounds, no smells, which was fine.
"Oh my god, it's you," the girl squealed. "And you are naked, woo, look at that."
My eyes snapped open, and I sat up. The busty blonde looked to be in her late teens or early twenties. She wore a bright blue kimono that complimented her eyes perfectly. I especially liked how her tits practically spilled out of the silk folds.
"How did you get in here?"
"I blew the guard. It wasn't easy, I can tell you. His cock was freaking huge, but you'd expect that from a minotaur. He wanted to fuck me, but I was like, no way you'd tear me up, and he was like, come on, babe. Guys are so pushy, but I dropped down and sucked him off like a pro to see you. Do they give out licenses for that sort of thing?"
"Fellatioist."
"Huh?"
"The term is fellatioist, someone who sucks cock."
"Well, I am a card-carrying fell... um... cocksucker."
"I believe you," I said as I shifted and let my legs dangle off the side of the bed. Where was the cylinder? What was I floating in, if not one of those water tanks?
"I am your biggest fan. Can I suck you off, take a few pics?"
"I don't know. I have a reputation to protect. What if all those other fans saw a picture of my cock buried to the hilt down your throat? You can deepthroat, right?"
"Damn straight, that minotaur had his balls resting on my chin. Good enough?"
"That sure paints an interesting image in my head. What's your name?"
"Solstice Summerwind."
I was about to give in and follow my hormones when I remembered the reptilian assassin. This offer was probably a bad idea. So far, only the Osirian hadn't been out to kill me. Solstice was an unknown and potentially dangerous.
"No thanks, kid," I said.
"That's not like you."
"Well, I have faced off against three Black Decade assassins today. Don't take this wrong, but I can't afford to trust you."
"Do I look like an assassin?"
Solstice untied the robe and let it fall to the ground; she was physically fit, built like a gymnast or professional dancer, and could be concealing weapons under her soft, sultry skin.
"Nah, you are gorgeous, but I can't take the chance you are a cyborg, shapeshifter, or who knows what. A blowjob isn't worth the risk."
"Have Surfer scan me if you want. Jeez, Booker, everyone knows about your AI. The medical equipment is all around us. Let her tie in and do a deep tissue examination."
"She is correct," Surfer said. "I can perform a live feed so you can see the results in real-time."
"No doctor-client confidentiality?" Solstice asked.
"None, I am not a doctor, and you are a credible threat."
"Scan Solstice and display your findings via hologram," I said.
Surfer wasted no time slicing the medical equipment's poor security. Solstice stood still as the disk-shaped device floated down and quickly learned Soltice's secret. Her talents could no longer hide her true nature.
"Damn, brain with four hemispheres, two hearts and advanced cardiovascular system, hollow bones, heightened musculature, and connective tissue... you are a Duskwalker."
"You took a big chance coming here," Left said.
"I have my reasons, mostly monetary. A girl has to eat, you know. Now that you know, can I blow you?" Solstice asked. "I have fans to impress. They believe I'm just a human media influencer. If I am to make a buck, I need to suck."
"Give me your camera, and I'll snap a few shots while you work."
I guess even a Duskwalker has to make a living. Instead of a watch or smartphone, Solstice tossed me a small metallic sphere about the size of a ping pong ball. I touched the small blue crystal, which hovered between Solstice and me. The drone's shape, clean lines, and overall design mirrored the droids I had created in-game.
"It is voice-activated; just tell it when to record or take a snapshot," Solstice explained. "Now, let's treat this cock like the champ it is. If you enjoy my performance, look me up afterward. Once I swallow, you have to return to the contest. Ooh, I almost forgot." Solstice took out two hair ties and put her hair into twin tails. "So you can get a grip when you are ready," she said with a wink.
Solstice wrapped both her hands around my length and gently squeezed it. She lowered her head, kissed the tip, and licked her pouty lips, and then one hand massaged my balls while the other slowly stroked the shaft. Solstice's tongue wasn't idle as she traced the vein underneath with one long, drawn-out motion. She wasn't in a hurry, and I liked that about a woman. Solstice spit in the palm of her hand to help lubricate it to make the stroking smoother. Her mouth opened and trapped the tip between those lips of hers, and I shivered. The contact between her tongue and my cock was electric.
"Record."
The tiny drone let out a series of chirps, and I understood them.
"As you wish," it said.
"Keep it together," Left said aloud. "I am right here."
How could I understand the drone unless I was in the game? Solstice stopped when she saw my reaction.
"The same droid language used in the Star Wars game is programmed into that drone. You understand it because the knowledge of that dialect is hard-wired in your head."
"How did you get access to the droid language?"
"I fucked a Numenor employee, and he gave me the language file so that I could use it to make the drone more authentic when I built it. I also uploaded it into my BMI to understand the little guy. Now, back to your cock."
Solstice upped her game and went full out to take my mind off that surreal moment. Inch by inch, she gobbled up my erection with an ease that made me wish I had met her earlier. I slid my fingers into her hair and grabbed those pigtails of hers. I let her move, but I wanted to feel like I was in charge.
"Who's a good little cocksucker, you are," I said in Shiväisith, the language of the dark elves.
"Yeah, she is," Left agreed. "She looks familiar."
"Kind of," I moaned. "God damn, she likes my cock."
Solstice's eyes remained on me, and she smiled, causing her eyes to crinkle on the edges. Her hand left my balls and went between her legs, and then Solstice gave me a subtle nod, and I took over, so I tightened my grip on her hair and began to thrust slowly. When I pulled away, she clamped her lips around my length, and as I pushed, she relaxed. That is how it went until I passed the point of no return. I warned her, and Solstice submitted as I used her throat as a sex toy. I thrust faster, and our eyes never left the other--my cry of release echoed in the room and out to the coliseum. Solstice swallowed and withdrew so she could open her mouth and show me the last remnant of my load, and then she dutifully gulped that down.
"Just like a good little slut should," she said in perfect Shiväisith. "Ha, the man who raised me taught me that and many other languages. Left has been lax in your education about the Maze and the nature of time here. I would indulge your curiosity, but your allotted time with me is up, and I have other clients eager to violate me. You know my name; ask around when you have a few hours to spare. Good luck, Booker; I hope you defeat the last champion."
Solstice licked the corner of her mouth on her way out and commented about the flavor of a Duskwalker. She gestured, and her remote flew into her hand as she sashayed away. Left stammered at Solstice's oddly cynical behavior before correcting his mistake.
"Solstice is right. Time in the Maze and the dimensions connected to it are different. While she may look like a teenager, she may be decades or even centuries older than her apparent appearance."
"She comes off as a veteran and world-weary," I said. "Let's get dressed and end this commitment. I tire of the Ravens' hospitality. I wonder where they placed the healing tank?"
"Booker," Left began and then stopped. "Never mind, let's fuck some shit up."
"Yeah, do I return Nightshade and pick another weapon?"
"Let's check the armory and see what they have."
The grinning minotaur led me to the weapons locker, which turned out to be an entire chamber with destructive devices of all shapes, sizes, and tech levels. I let Left pick out something. The camera drone followed us through the process until Left let out a squee of delight.
"Changeling! Where did they find you?" He asked, and something replied with a weak hollow voice.
"I am not the weapon system I once was," Changeling responded. I traced the voice to a small dark metal cylinder lying abandoned on a bench.
"Pick her up," Left urged. "She may be old, but she packs a wallop."
I lifted Changeling from her resting place, and energy crackled between my palm and the ancient weapon. Left tightened his fingers so that I couldn't let go.
"Ooh, baby, that hit the spot," Changeling purred like liquid sex in the middle of an orgy of biblical proportions. "I love me some Duskwalker mana. I'm ready if you are lover."
"I feel like I might have a chance."
"We, baby boy, we have a chance," Changeling corrected me. "Let's wreck that motherfucker."
Left picked out a set of what appeared to be blood-red silk armor. I called them robes, but Left called them reactive armor. He said it was not unlike that worn by seers and farseers of a people the natives called gate-born or the Q'Jalin.
"Know a Q'Jalin by their silver mane and golden eyes," Left said. "Of all the species our people encountered, they were the closest to our equals."
"Physically, mentally, or what?"
"Their technology was far superior to the Atlanteans at the height of their power. Biologically, they were as advanced as our folk, save they didn't rely on the ghost lines the way we did. I'd call that superior in the end."
"Did you ever meet one?"
"Are you asking if I ever took a Q'Jalin lover? Sadly, that remains on my bucket list. Pity that we shared the same fate in the end?"
"What happened to them?" I asked while I fingered the supple material that made up the hooded robe. The light caught a faint repeating pattern of geometric shapes, like a honeycomb that ran through the entire outfit.
"They were explorers with an obsession for discovery and history. The Q'Jalin erected a series of gates that spanned the entirety of the Milky Way. If the stories are true, the portal didn't merely bridge vast distances of space but time as well. They traveled too far and uncovered too much. Many of the Q'Jalin perished, but some survived and lived quiet lives. Pull up your hood, and let's make an entrance worth remembering."
We entered the arena for the third and final time. The ground nearby began to glow as a mystical circle manifested, and a moment later, the black-clad mage teleported into view. Left firmly grasped Changeling, and the figure introduced himself.
"I represent the Ebony Flame in this conflict," the cowled figure announced. "There won't be enough of you left to bury when I finish."
"Fuck you, princess," I said, flipping him off.
"The impudence," the mage roared.
He brought his hands together, palms facing inward, and the air between them distorted. That space clouded over, and a miniature storm cloud darkened and crackled with black lightning. Changeling read my need and extended itself into the length of a fighting pike. I drove one end to the ground and extended my right-hand palm outward. The pissed-off mage let fly with a massive bolt of that dark energy which struck my hand, and Changeling instantly grounded it into the earth.
"Impossible."
"Basic physics," I growled as I took a two-handed grip on Changeling and leaped at him.
The first strike to his head staggered him, but he recovered quickly and used shield spells to block the subsequent attacks. While he remained guarded, his initial incantation cost him dearly. He must have expected one shot, one kill. As I forced him to continue to utilize personal energy, I wondered how Changeling received her name. The bow staff became a double-bladed sword which solved that little mystery. I shifted styles often to keep my foe guessing and to impress the crowd.
"Even if you manage to kill me, this isn't over," he said as his hands formed claws and returned to an aggressive attack posture.
"Kill you; I am here to defeat you. The Ravens brought me here to beat champions, not kill them. Do you want to join the last two corpses? I leave that up to you."
"You are the one that is mistaken. I am one of many, and we are legion."
The bracer absorbed the killing curse, and once again, the runes flared to life and remained visible, if faint. Left warned me the sorcerer was up to something. His strategy remained a mystery. I returned Changeling to her tiny form, stuck her in my belt, and went on the offensive with hand-to-hand combat. My fists were much faster than any weapon. My opponent tried to stagger out of range, but I didn't let him do that. As the mage attempted to focus on his next spell, I pummeled him mercilessly, hoping he'd surrender. It was his terrified expression that ended the fight. Something horrified him more than anything I could do to him. I terminated his life with a palm strike over his heart. The force was enough to crush the sternum and drive it into the organ, bursting it. My foe spat up blood as he toppled to the ground.
"Why the fuck is he smiling?" Left asked.
"Let's loot the corpse and collect our winnings," I said. "I tugged the mage's robes open and spied a sizeable blue-white diamond clutched in a dragon claw setting around the corpse's neck. As I reached for it, a bright flash blinded me.
Time Loop five.
I stood on the field for my last confrontation to end this little charade the Raven brothers had created. The crowd was quiet and seemed more confused than excited. A dark-robed figure teleported in front of me and declared himself a member of the Ebony Flame. I blocked his first spell using the bracer, and the runes were now visible and didn't fade from view. I brought Changeling into play, and the battle commenced. He utilized shield spells to block Changeling, but it was clear he had put much of his power into that first killing attack. It did him little good since Changeling altered her form into a metallic bullwhip that I wrapped around his neck before breaking it. As I searched his body for goodies, a bright flash blinded me.
Time Loop thirty-six.
The dark wizard teleported onto the field, his hands crackling with negative energy.
"Block with the bracer," Left and I said together. We raised the vambrace and caught the killing spell, which it absorbed on its rune-covered surface.
If not for Left's quick reaction to block the second lethal curse, it might have ended at that moment. I stared at the seething pattern floating beneath the metal and wondered when that had happened. That slight lack of focus nearly cost me. Thankfully, Changeling ate the energy and spat it back out. The mage staggered as he did something I had never heard of before. His hands moved in urgent patterns as he reversed his spell, reducing its effect. I didn't hesitate this time as Changeling punched through his chest, killing him instantly and producing a brilliant flash of light.
Time Loop sixty-six.
The once boisterous audience was subdued but still engaged. I felt the surge of energy, and Changeling took the form of a short sword. The mage introduced himself just before letting loose with a killing spell. I effortlessly absorbed it using the glowing bracer. Its runes crawled along the metal surface slowly. How long had it been doing that? Something was wrong, but neither Left nor I understood it. The dark wizard conjured a demon and stepped back to recharge his energy reserves. The travesty of sinful flesh stood ten feet tall with blackened bird wings, spiral horns jutting out of its skull, and breathed sickly green hellfire. I went on the defensive, but as the diabolical creature sent out a torrent of flame, the bracer absorbed it and grew brighter still.
"I cannot defeat him," the demon said.
"You aren't here to beat him, just delay him so I can recuperate."
"Yes, master."
The creature conjured weapons, and we sparred as the mage meditated. A blazing sword breached my defenses and struck my chest, and the cloth became rigid where the cutting edge made contact with my body. The blade did not cut, but the impact knocked the wind out of me. I backpedaled, parried the demon's attacks, and waited for an opening. We were clearly at a stalemate, so I changed tactics. I faked a thrust, and as the demon performed a block, I hurled Changeling into the wizard's chest, killing him. A bright flash blinded me.
Time Loop one hundred.
A mystical circle appeared before us, and we both cried in alarm.
"Ebony Flame Wizard."
Left raised the bracer in defense while I hurled Changeling, who had become a spear, and impaled the mage before he could speak. I began stripping the wizard of his fancy robes when I saw the diamond necklace.
"Grab it before...." Left never got to finish the warning.
Time Loop three hundred and six.
The sun rose over the coliseum. Something was wrong, and the growing sense of déjà vu was maddening. When had the crowd diminished? The familiar black-clad wizard appeared, and before he could speak, I throat punched him. His hands went to his neck as I balled my fist, struck him behind the ear, and dropped him to the ground. I searched the wizard and snatched the diamond from around his neck. My ears popped as the air around us fled outward.
"A time loop enchantment," Left cursed. "How long have we been reliving this fight?"
"Hours at least; look, the sun is rising."
While we were trapped, replaying the same battle repeatedly, the crowd watched from outside the temporal bubble. What remained of the audience rushed to their feet and cheered, so I accepted the Shintai and attached it to the bracer. The Ravens had already departed by the time the last challenge had ended. Good riddance. When I asked about the dragon's heart, they said another reward replaced it to heal my injuries due to my grave wounds. They were deliberately vague about what that might have been. I didn't care. The time loop trap had taken its toll, and I was exhausted on every level imaginable.
"Let's find someplace to drink and crash," I said.
"I know just the place," Left replied. "It has attractive females, strong liquor, and the beds are like clouds."
"We took out four black decade assassins, and they just keep getting stranger and stronger."
"They don't want to kill you immediately; they mean to wear you down and make you suffer. Nick must have pissed off some influential people if they are contracting out here in the Maze. Real honest to goodness, mages are exceptionally rare, and the cost to hire them is exceptionally prohibitive. Deep pockets funded this little soiree."
I reluctantly changed out of the hooded robes and back into the clothing provided by the cute Osirian. The minotaur guided us out of the Maze surrounding the dressing room and back to the street.
"Listen, I need a minute or two first."
"Hey, take your time," Left said. "What is bothering you? Your thoughts are hard to read."
"I need to rant a bit, and then afterward, we'll grab that drink."
"Sounds good to me. Spit it out."
"Where to begin? The ghost lines are awake, not like they were back in your time, but the energy is flowing again. We've faced assassins since leaving Numenor. I am uncomfortable with the thought of me dying and someone claiming you as a prize or destroying you while you are vulnerable. That has haunted me since the Serpentis attacked us in the dressing room. I know you are scared of becoming a villain, but let's be honest, I think you are more frightened of being alone. Right now, you are with one of your own, and there is a comfort to that. You can't live in fear, Lucien; it is as fatal as poison. I think it is time you pondered moving on."
"I never told you my name," Left stammered. "How the fuck did you learn it."
"I don't know. It just popped into my head just then. You have to decide what you want to do; soon, the lines will only get more potent. If I die, you deserve to have a shot at a life of your own."
"You are not going to die," Left shouted as tears fell from his eyes. "Not while I am around. I will stay until we grind the last assassin into the dust. Then, we'll have this conversation again after a party of epic proportions."
"Agreed."
The Ghost Horse Saloon was everything Left promised and more. The live music lured me in, but the companionship kept me there for hours. Despite the friendly company, something stuck in my craw. I had killed four assassins today, and my heavy drinking reflected that. Was it any wonder my mood went from bad to worse?
'Say something,' Left urged.
'Is Nick gone or not?'
'Booker, do you want to be unquestioningly sure? There is a technique I can show you. Not everyone can trigger the effect, but if it works, this will expunge any vestige of Nick Shaw from your mind. The danger lies in that anything those remnants do that is positive will be lost. Are you willing to take that chance?'
'Yes,' I said without hesitation.
'Close your eyes, relax, and hear my thoughts and nothing else. I will guide you to your earliest memory; if it works, the cascade will initiate a lifetime of recollections when we trigger that. This technique will permanently flush your system's alien thoughts, implants, or memories. You will be plain old Booker. Last chance to turn back, no, okay. We are going to find sector zero on your biological hard drive. Back, go back to your first breath and take it in again. I'll wait.'
My mind went blank, and then it felt like I was tumbling down a deep shaft or, well--finally, the cold, harsh feeling of the very first breath I ever took. The psychic dominos fell after that. One sense triggered the next until a three-dimensional surge echoed outward for what felt like forever--snatches of conversation, forgotten smells, or intimate meals with loved ones dead and gone. So many women filled my thoughts that I felt something must be wrong. But no, I remembered them, their perfume, their touch, and the feel of them sleeping next to me. Near the end, I recalled the glass and metal tubes where my mind had body jumped as I inhabited multiple clones until one was strong enough to house my complete consciousness. The last vestige of Nick Shaw was gone. I was Booker with all my flaws and strengths, alone in my body save that portion reserved for Left.
"I am free," I whispered as I opened my eyes. Tears streamed down my eyes, and my nictating membranes and eyelids blinked them away. The dual action felt oddly familiar, and I smiled.
"That took a lot longer than usual," Left said. "How do you feel?"
"Myself," I responded. "I haven't felt this grounded since I showed up at Numenor. It feels like when you were a kid and got a new pair of tennis shoes. You believed you could run twice as fast."
"I wouldn't know," Left chuckled. "I haven't had feet for a very long time."
I hit it hard after that. My presence and fame drew in a record crowd for the pub. The owner herself arrived and brought with her three more bartenders. The grand dame, a high-born Sidhe named Titania, handled the main bar while the others took care of the six satellite serving stations.
"I watched your battles in the arena," Titania said in her silky voice. "The time trap was especially entertaining. Your time sense is surprisingly strong for a human."
"Titi." The nickname left my lips before I could stop it. Why would I call a perfect stranger such a thing?
"You!" Titania hissed just before her hand struck out, grabbed me by the collar, pulled me over the bar, and kissed me, not as a stranger, but that of an old and dear lover. "Where the hell have you been?"
"Care to fill me in?" Left asked aloud.
"Typical, you always did attract odd companions," Titania laughed. "I have just the thing to consecrate such a sacred moment."
She took a silver key from around her neck, unlocked a safe on the floor, and took out a liquor bottle. There was no label to mark the vintner or country of origin, but if her smile was any clue, it must be rare indeed. Titania poured from the opaque glass bottle into a silver cup.
"Try this and tell me what memories it invokes."
I sniffed the contents before tipping the cup and letting just a little settle onto my tongue. Instinctively, I swished the fermented liquor about before taking a quick breath and sampling its subtleties. There was a brief flash of a woman, tall, athletic, her skin covered with sweat, and her arms around my neck when I swallowed.
"Passion," I said. "Sensuality."
"Distilled sex," Titania purred. "Welcome back, Booker."
I feared she would say Nick or Shaw for a long moment. But she meant me, knew me, but from where and how? I would remember someone as unique and beautiful as Titania. Her kiss burned my lips like potent alcohol.
"Thanks."
I sipped the rest of my drink and barely took my eyes off Titania. Was she the woman in that passing image? As Left and I socialized, we learned how long the time trap had lasted and some of the more amusing times when we defeated the dark mage. When I asked about the Order of Ebony Flame, I learned snippets of its cultish nature and the powers they serve. The mages aided entities that came from beyond the seven pales. The pales, when I asked about them, were ever darker dimensions. The first pale was described as a perpetual twilight without wind or water, a dry husk of a realm that acted as a testing ground for neophytes. No one here could or would describe the seventh pale, but I assumed it must be the stuff of nightmares.
"You are the Booker," a near-human female cried out. "I miss your videos. Are you returning to the Marvel game soon?"
"Yes, when I get home, I plan on attacking the next stage of the princess storyline."
"Good, I can't wait to see who you seduce this time. When Snow White bit you, I came so hard I woke my father. My people often use their teeth when copulating, see." The female smiled, revealing vampire-like canines which extended while I watched. "Do you find my teeth attractive?"
"Booker is more of a tits and ass man, love," Left blurted out, his speech heavily slurred.
"Left, he is real, awesome," the female giggled. She tugged off her loose-fitting red silk top, revealing her breasts restrained by a flimsy black bra. "Take a look at these; they are a J cup."
"Yowsa," a male patron exclaimed as she freed her tits.
"Dang, they are impressive," I agreed. "I don't suppose you'd be willing to...."
"Hold on, watch this," the female cut me off. The vampire unzipped her skirt and let it fall. Her matching black butt floss bisected her ass cheeks. "So, am I fuckable?"
Left cupped one of her cheeks and gave it a healthy squeeze. The woman pushed back and moaned. Titania watched this and only smiled.
"Is he going to fuck her in the bar?" A man asked.
Titania pointed to one of the signs posted above the central bar. The plaque read this is a bar, not a brothel, no fucking allowed. There were other rules such as no means no, pay your tab before you go, and the oddly metaphysical Buddha was a bartender.
"Could you autograph my ass?"
"Here," Titania said, handing me a black sharpie. "Be careful. Nephalim bite and are addictive."
I scrawled my name across the Nephalim's left ass cheek. She spent the rest of the evening showing it off and taking selfies of her ass and a few with me. Other fans or curious onlookers came over for a photo opportunity or chatted about me or the game. The sheer diversity of near and non-human species surprised me. A few of them were strikingly familiar, and I discovered that they weren't cosplayers but members of races depicted in books and other works of fiction.
"The Maze and the dimensions that align with it can inspire dreamers upon the Earth," Left explained. "Take the Osirians, for example. They are straight out of the Egyptian mythos. Who doesn't find catgirls sexy as hell."
"I heard that," a keen-eared Osirian female purred. "Your hand has good taste; buy a girl a drink?"
"What are you drinking?" I asked as the catgirl snuggled.
"Brandy," she whispered. "But I'll have a beer."
"Nice to meet you, Brandy," I chuckled. "Beer us, please."
"Watch her hands," Titania warned Brandy. "I banned you once, girlie, and if I catch you stealing again, you are out for good."
"You cut me to the quick," Brandy pouted. "I am a reformed rogue."
"That'll be the day," Titania laughed. "Remember, Booker took on a member of the Ebony Flame and lived. Do you want to anger him or earn your tribe his disfavor?"
"I have nothing to do with them," Brandy said, glaring at Titania.
"Remember these words then, little cat, I warned you."
I felt the temperature drop, and I shivered, had it been Titania's words or something else? The chill deepened, and another woman sat opposite Brandy on my other side. Titania set two beers in front of Brandy and me and visibly cringed when she saw the other woman.
"When did you crawl your way out of hell?" Titania asked the newcomer.
"It is good to see you too, Titi," the woman replied. "Oh, look who's back, hello stranger. My soul sight is never wrong. I missed you."
"Do I know you?" I asked, turning to get a better look at her.
The woman couldn't be any older than twenty but carried herself with a maturity way beyond her apparent years. She was wholly unremarkable save for a sense of power and an eerie red light in her eyes. Her iris didn't glow per se, but it reflected any light with a crimson hue.
"The last time we both wore flesh simultaneously must have been, ooh, let me think, France 1775 or was it 1776? It has been a while. We should celebrate. What name are you using this time around?"
"He goes by Booker, you blue-skinned thunder cunt," Titania laughed. "Here, have one on the house because of... history."
Was the woman talking about reincarnation? Could I be an old soul and Booker just my latest incarnation? It would explain the visions I had during the purging ritual. It would also explain why I instinctively called Titania, Titi. The once dark bracer now thrummed with power, and I felt the runes gliding across its surface against my skin. It had absorbed enough energy from the mage to awaken it completely. Just as Changeling had taken power from Left, the vambrace collected mana from the wizard and my other encounters.
"Booker, this is Bambi, a cerulean succubus from the second circle of hell, also known as Belial's Brothel. What could be so important you'd risk the wrath of the nine-cocked demon lord himself?" Titania asked while she poured a shot of distilled sex for Bambi's consumption. A subtle blush from the demoness was all Titania needed as an answer. "Why, you little blue minx. You clawed your way up here to see him."
"Yes, you loud mouth... what's the point? Booker doesn't remember me." Bambi cursed. "Oh, well, now, he doesn't remember us."
"Give me a moment," I said and took Bambi's hand in mine. I raised it to my face and took in her aroma. "Sweat. Sex. Leather. With just a hint of stygian silk, Paris by moonlight."
"Do me," Titania begged.
"Can I still call you Titi?" I asked as I accepted her hand. Her scent was almost painful to endure. A host of memories, my memories, flooded my mind. "London during the Blitz, a home in the Black Forest, and on the road during the Inquisition. I remember Rome at her height and so much more; I am an old soul, and by luck or fate, now I am Booker."
"He just expunged the last of Nick Shaw from his head," Left added.
"Shaw," Bambi spat on the floor. "Good fucking riddance. A thief and a liar, he'll fit in fine where he is, the ninth circle set aside for betrayers."
"What do you think, Brandy? Brandy? Where did she go? Damn it. I warned her," Titania said. "Check your pockets."
I rummaged through my pockets and found the diamond necklace missing. Brandy must have stolen it.
"It is gone; Brandy stole the diamond necklace."
"They have her. The Ebony Flame must have believed you handled it. Poor thing, I almost feel sorry for her. I warned her."
"You mean they used it as a teleportation lock?"
"Exactly. I will have to inform the Osirian embassy. Even though they disowned Brandy, she was still one of theirs."
"I might be able to get her back relatively intact for a price," Bambi offered. "You spend a week in bed with me, and I'll send a minion or two to rescue the Osirian."
"Do I have to bid for your time?" Titania asked. "I didn't think so. She stole from you, but that doesn't matter. I can see it in those adorable violet eyes of yours. You spend a week with the two of us, and I will aid in this endeavor."
"Sharing is caring," Bambi chuckled.
"You are going to say yes, right?" Left begged. "Aw, come on, a daughter of the Tuatha De Danaan and a high-born succubus... you are killing me here. Booker?"
"Yes, Booker," Titania purred. "What will it be?"
"Fine," I said nonchalantly, but my cock was already rock hard. "I need to contact Akira, so she doesn't worry. She is hanging out in Iram."
"Fear not; if she comes looking, you may find you have three women to satisfy," Titania promised. "Paula, go to Rick's and reserve a suite for our enjoyment."
"Rick's?" I asked, and Titania smiled. "Not like from Casablanca."
"Rick is a huge Humphrey Bogart fan. When Bogart died, he transformed his brothel into a casino slash hotel for his most celebrated guests. Rick usually has a room set aside for me."
"Let's get going. We have a whole lot of fucking to do," I said.
"Crudely put, but not inaccurate," Titania growled playfully. "Cherry, get that lovely Asian ass over here and take over for me. I have some personal time I am taking. Inform Puck that she's in charge until I return."
"Yes, boss," Cherry said.