Our IPO had been a huge success, and I'd decided to treat the whole team to a luxury weekend in Hong Kong to celebrate. And, there was a great deal to celebrate - all seven members of the founding team were now millionaires - some many times over. So, I decided to really push the boat out for this celebratory trip, and hired a private jet for the occasion. Not just any private jet, mind you. The "optional extras" on this baby should make for a *very* enjoyable ride, in all senses of the word.
My startup had been spending a lot of our seed money on travel, over the last few years, and the travel agent in the small town we'd chosen as our base had done very well out of the arrangement. So, when I'd explained to him that I was taking the team for a 'no holds barred', 'no expense spared' treat, he knew exactly what I meant. Just to be sure, when we were discussing the facilities and staffing of the jet I wanted for the trip, he double-checked saying,
"Now, Geoff, we've determined the type of jet, and the facilities you want, including two stewardesses, both stunningly attractive, one blond, one asian and, as you specified originally, there will be yourself and the other six men in your team. As per your original requirements, there should be no holes barred, do I have that right?".
I could hear his grin right through the phone.
"Yes, Tony. I think you've understood the brief precisely."
"Great, I'm sure there won't be any problem whatsoever, and I can guarantee you the trip of a lifetime."
I hadn't mentioned any of this to my guys - I wanted this to be a complete surprise, to thank them for the insane amount of long hours and hard work we'd all put into this. Now it had all paid off, and I wanted to show them why it had all been worth it.
As we climbed out of the limo and up the stairs to the plane, our two lovely hostesses greeted us with chilled champagne and a pair of dazzling smiles. Tony had been true to his word - both girls were stunning. Jenny, according to her nametag, was a tall, leggy blond, with curves in all the right places, and a heart-shaped face framed by a tumble of honey-blond curls. Mei was considerably shorter, with beautiful dark eyes and long, lustrous black hair falling to her waist. Both girls looked delicious in their air hostess outfits, as I let my eyes roam their bodies from the tiny hats they both wore, down over the slightly-too-tight blouses with one or two more buttons undone than you'd normally expect, that showed of their pert breasts to perfection. Their skirts were shorter than I ever remember seeing on an air hostess before. These, along with the dark stockings, showed off their long, slender legs to perfection, as did the shiny, black pumps with higher heels than any woman in her right mind would wear if she really spent hours walking up and down an airplane!
When we were all seated, in plush and very comfortable leather chairs arranged in a sort of horseshoe, facing the cockpit, Jenny and Mei introduced themselves properly, and explained that our flight from London to Hong Kong would take about 10 hours, and that both of them would do anything they could to make it an enjoyable and memorable flight for all of us ... anything at all. The slight emphasis they put on "anything", combined with their slow glance around the plane - meeting each of our eyes in turn - made my cock stir in my pants. Looking around at the rest of the guys, I was sure I wasn't the only one.
Preparing for take-off, Jenny and Mei took care to come round each of our seats to make sure our belts were fastened securely. Jenny bent down in front of me, flashing a view down the front of that wonderfully revealing blouse. Her breasts were firm and full, with a glimpse of black lace between the soft, pale mounds. As she reached for my safety belt, her hands grazed the obvious bulge in my pants. She tilted her face towards me, her gorgeous blue eyes looking straight into mine.
"I'll take care of that for you," she breathed, as her fingers deftly fastened the belt.
The others all got similar treatment from either her or Mei, until the two of them went to take their own seats for take-off. Their seats folded out from the wall in front of us. Both girls bent at the waist and took their time adjusting their seats, giving the seven of us plenty of time to admire the view of their firm asses - Jenny's ample and heart-shaped, Mei's slender and pert. The dark seams running down the back of their stockings leading the eye on a long journey down their tapered legs to those wonderfully impractical high heels sinking into the deep, soft carpet that floored the whole plane. As the girls sat down facing us, their skirts rode up to flash the soft skin of their thighs, Jenny's cream a perfect contrast to Mei's pale coffee.
After take-off, and more champagne, the girls stood in front of us apologetically. Jenny explained,
"Gentlemen, we have a ten-hour flight ahead of us, and I'm very sorry to tell you that our in-flight multimedia system seems to be on the fritz, so we won't be able to show you any in-flight movies on this trip".
"But," Mei piped up, "Jenny and I consider it our personal responsibility to entertain all of you lovely guys in ANY way we can."
I was confident that, with all of the not-so-subtle innuendo from these gorgeous girls, every guy on the plane could think of all sorts of ways these two beauties could 'entertain' us! Jenny brandished the now-empty bottle of champagne. Her fingers, circling the neck of the bottle, moved idly, idly sliding an inch or two up and down the smooth green glass as she spoke.
"I know - how about a game of spin the bottle," she suggested with a bright, innocent smile.
"Hell yes," said Dave my CTO, along with several of the others.
Jenny knelt down, that wonderful skirt riding up those delicious thighs again, and span the bottle on the floor. It ended up pointing at Paul, one of our tech whizzkids, and the youngest of us at 22. He smiled, nervously.
"What do I get?" he asked.
"Why a kiss of course," replied Jenny, "assuming you want one, that is." she smiled. "So, how about it handsome? Would you like a kiss?"
"Uh, ye-yes, please." Paul stammered.
Rising gracefully to her feet, Jenny stepped over to Paul's chair, her eyes steady on his as she placed a knee either side of his legs, straddling his lap as she ran her hands up his chest. Slowly leaning forwards, the softness of her breasts pressed against him, she brushed his lips gently with hers. Just the tiniest of touches, then she pulled back enough for Paul to give a small moan of disappointment before she locked those succulent lips to his, her tongue licking at his as she devoured his mouth. Every guy on the plane watched, fascinated, as this luscious wet dream of a woman moaned into Paul's mouth, kissing him as if her life depended on it. She ground her hips into his lap, hands tangling in his hair. When she finally broke off, Paul looked as if he'd been poleaxed, with a dark stain spreading on his crotch - either his own cum or pre-cum, or Jenny's juices as she ground her hips into his lap.
By now, the guys were starting to get wise that this was going to be an even more fun trip than they'd expected. Gary, our head of marketing, raised his champagne glass to me in salute, and Troy, our financial guru, gave me a huge shit-eating grin.
"My turn now," said Mei, kneeling on the floor and spinning the empty champagne bottle. This time, the bottle ended up pointing at me.
"A kiss for me too?" I asked.
"Mmmm, let's see, shall we?" she replied with a smile.
I was in the seat furthest towards the back of the plane, and it was with great delight that I saw Mei had no intention of getting to her feet to deliver my prize. Instead, she crawled to me. Her legs long legs stretching out behind her with each step closer, her skirt riding up over that delicious ass, revealing a black silk thong between the smooth, round cheeks. Mei knelt at my feet, sliding her hands up my legs, her palms caressing the bulge in my pants as she started to unbutton my shirt. Spreading it open, she moved her head up over my lap, her face tilted up to look into my eyes as her pink tongue started to lick slowly up my belly. Her cool hands slid softly over my chest as she worked her way up my body, flicking her tongue over my nipples. Kissing them softly, then gently sucking them between her lips. I slid my hands over her back, feeling the smooth contours of her body through the flimsy silk before sliding down to gently cup and squeeze that fabulous ass. She nipped playfully at my neck, then softly licked my lips before kissing along the line of my jaw to my ear, where she whispered,
"Later, I want you to be the first one to fuck my ass."
My cock felt like a bar of iron as she stood up, smiling down at me slyly and giving me a wink before turning around to give me an even better view of the lovely ass she'd just promised me, as she wiggled her skirt back down.
"Me again. Yay!" said Jenny brightly as Mei came back to join her at the front of the plane.
When both girls were seated, Jenny gave the bottle a gentle push. Just enough to give it a quarter turn, pointing it straight at Mei.
"Hmmm," said Mei, "I wonder if we should spin again, since most of our passengers haven't even had a kiss yet."
"Maybe so," said Jenny with a mischevious grin, "What do you think, guys? Should we spin again?"
"No way!"
"Hell, no!"
"Kiss her!"
"So, you want to see me give Mei here a kiss, do you? Well, ok then, you naughty boys."
Jenny turned sideways, making sure we all had a good view of them both, as she slowly leaned in towards Mei, stroking her face as she gently pressed her lips to the other girl's. Mei moaned softly, and reached up to cup and squeeze Jenny's breasts as their kiss became more intense. Jenny started to unbutton Mei's blouse, reaching in to caress her nipples through the lace of her bra. All of us watched, spellbound, as the two gorgeous girls caressed each other's skin. Jenny opened a clasp at the front of Mei's bra, exposing her small, high breasts to her touch. She leaned forward to take one of Mei's nipples into her mouth, licking and sucking on it before gently biting it, bringing a moan of pleasure from Mei's mouth. Impatiently, Jenny finished undoing the buttons on her own blouse, opening her bra so that she could play with her own nipples. Cupping her creamy, white breasts in her own hands. Rubbing her stiff, protruding nipples between her thumb and forefinger as she licked and sucked at Mei's body.
Mei seemed oblivious, her eyes closed as she lost herself in the sensations, but Jenny knew how to put on a good show for us. Pushing Mei down onto her back, she pushed the smaller girls legs apart, then reached down to strip off the tiny, sodden black silk thong, exposing the glistening brown lips of Mei's smooth-shaven pussy as she started vigorously fingering her swollen clit. Mei was going wild, bucking and screaming as Jenny continued to suck and bite at her sensitive nipples while frigging her clit - keeping her teetering on the brink of her climax, torturing her with pleasure while the seven of us watched, rapt. I wasn't the only one who'd had to free their throbbing cock - all of us sat there, stroking our dicks as we watched our two lovely air hostesses provide us with the best in-flight entertainment any of us had ever seen.
"Please, please. Oh, please, I need to cum. Please." Mei thrashed and moaned as Jenny continued her exquisite torture. Jenny looked up at us and gave a big wink.
"Mmm, you want to cum do you? You want to give all these guys a good show? Show them what a horny little slut you are?"
"Oh god, yes, anything, only let me cum, pleeeeeease."
"You've got them really turned on, you know. They're all stroking their hard cocks, watching you beg to cum. What do you think you look like right now?"
"Ohhhh, god. I think I look like a horny little slut."
"Mmmm, that's right. You look like a slutty little fuck-toy, desperate to cum. Is that what you are?"
"Ohhh yes. Yes. I'm a slut. I'm a slutty little whore. I'm a nasty fuck-doll. I'll do anything you want, just please let me cum. Let me cum, oh please." Mei moaned and writhed desperately as Jenny pinched and sucked at her swollen nipples.
"If I let you cum, slut, I think you're going to have to do something about all these cocks you've gotten so hard. That only seems fair. What are you going to do with all these hard cocks, you filthy little fuck-slut?"
"Ohhh, yesssss. I'll do anything. I'll suck them and swallow their loads like the cum-hungry little slut that I am. I'll let them fuck me hard, like a nasty whore, and spray their cum on my face and tits. I'll let them fuck my mouth, my pussy and my tight ass. I'll do anything you want. Anything. Now, let me cum, PLEEEEEEEEASE!"
"Mmmm, that's my good little slut." Jenny smiled, looking up at us. "What do you think, guys, shall I make her cum, so that you can fuck this slut?"
"Oh god, yes," moaned Gary, stroking his rigid shaft, "If I don't get to fuck one of you soon, I'm going to explode."
"Well, we can't have that, can we?" said Jenny, with a wicked gleam in her eye, "You're in luck, slut."
"Thank you, oh thank you, Mistress."
I expected Jenny to frig or finger-fuck Mei to her desperately-needed climax, but instead she reached for the empty champagne bottle. Bringing the mouth of the bottle to her lips, she licked and sucked on it while looking around at us. When she'd made the bottle good and wet, Jenny brought the neck of the bottle to Mei's swollen, dripping pussy lips as she pushed Mei's legs even further apart.
"Don't be shy, little slut. Show all the nice men what a nasty little whore you are. After all, they're all going to be fucking you, soon enough."
Mei moaned in pleasure, her thighs slick with her juices. She was obviously incredibly turned on by being humiliated like this by her Mistress. I decided Tony the travel agent was going to be getting a very nice thank you gift for this. He'd exceeded my wildest expectations with these two.
The neck of the champagne bottle slid between Mei's dripping pussy lips. After a few inches had slid slowly inside her, Jenny started to pump the bottle in and out, frigging her clit at the same time. Mei went completely crazy, writhing and moaning so hard that Jenny had to physically hold her down as she pumped her pussy faster and faster.
"Not yet, slut. Don't you DARE cum until I tell you to, little bitch."
Mei's fists clenched in the thick carpet as she fought to hold back, her eyes screwed tightly shut as Jenny dominated her completely. The bottle was a blur as Jenny thrust it in and out of Mei's pussy. Finally, Jenny simultaneously thrust the champagne bottle deeper inside Mei, stretching her tight pussy as she slapped Mei's tits hard once, twice, three times shouting, "Now, slut. Cum. NOW!"
Mei screamed like a banshee as her orgasm took her, convulsing on the floor as Jenny fought to hold her down, still frigging her clit as Mei screamed and shook.
Mei was still twitching with aftershocks as Jenny slowed her caresses, stroking her hands gently over Mei's smooth, sweat-slick belly. Kissing her tenderly as she gently smoothed the hair back from her eyes.
"Such a precious little slut," she murmured, looking into Mei's adoring eyes.
to be continued...