August in south Texas is not a pleasant time of year, as the heat and humidity is stifling, driving everyone indoors. Thus, when we were offered the use of a small house in Aspen for a week, my wife Erin and I jumped at the opportunity. The primary issue with work calendars had been a case Erin had going in her job as a young associate at a law firm. Fortunately, just a few days later the matter settled which completely freed her, and also put her in a great, lighthearted mood.
In an effort to save some money and to make it something of an adventure, we decided to drive instead of fly. It was going to be a long drive, but I hadn't been on a road trip in years and Erin had never experienced one, so we were actually looking forward to it. Our plan was to leave very early Friday morning in Erin's X5, overnight along the way, then make it in to Aspen the next day.
Erin and I were both in our late twenties. As mentioned, she is a lawyer working for a mid-size firm and is on track for partner, while I am a regional leader in equipment sales in the oil & gas industry. We had met through friends almost five years ago just as she was coming out of law school and dated then married in less than a year. Too quickly, we fell into the routine of work and urban living so we viewed this vacation as a bit of a revolt from the mundane. In addition, Erin was starting to feel her "biological clock", and although when she brought it up she presented it in a humorous way, I knew there was some underlying seriousness too. Thus, I thought this might be our last childless vacation for a very long time.
I've never been that turned on by blondes, always preferring brunettes, and Erin fit my desires almost perfectly. She struck me so profoundly when we first met that it took half the evening for me to gather my composure and talk to her without sounding like some needy idiot. She is 5'7" tall with shoulder length raven hair and is slender, weighing 125 pounds. She is a 34 C on top, with dark eyes and has nice full juicy lips that I love to kiss.
On top of her natural good looks, she loves to workout, typically making it to the gym over lunch at least three times a week and running three miles at least twice a week. The result is a very well-toned body, especially her butt and legs, which are not only shapely but very firm too. I am six-feet tall and weigh 180 pounds with receding medium brown hair, and like my wife, I try to stay in shape as well, often running with her if schedules permit.
"I'm bored," Erin announced, while turning to smile at me not even thirty minutes into our trip.
"Well you better find something to keep you occupied. This is going to be a long road trip," I reminded her.
"How long again?" she asked, smiling and trying to be cute.
"Two days my love. We will make northwest Texas or New Mexico this evening and then drive into Colorado tomorrow," I explained, for at least the third time.
Erin poured me a cup of coffee from a thermos and we drank and idly chatted for the next few hours. Driving on freeways is fast but generally boring and it was certainly the case for us. We would drive for a couple hours, then stop to use the bathroom, get a snack and stretch. The miles slowly ticked by and by mid-afternoon we were heading into the Texas panhandle. The land was now very open and dry, and the traffic was much lighter.
My wife had taken some short spells at driving, although mostly had remained content reading magazines and listening to her IPod. I had expected some discussion on the "biological clock" thing, but so far it had not come up, which was fine for me as I wanted this vacation to be about fun.
When 5:00 PM hit I asked Erin if she wanted to stop to eat, but she declined saying she wasn't particularly hungry and would rather just get to the hotel.
"How much farther till we stop?" she asked.
"Couple hours. About the time it gets dark," I answered.
From nowhere, I felt her hand on my leg stroking lightly with a clear intent to arouse, and looking at her I saw she had an impish smile that indicated something was churning in her head.
"I'm horny," she whined.
"Well an odd time for that to come up," I laughed.
"A girl can't always control these things," she replied, smiling even more broadly.
Erin is pretty conservative and only gets in a playful mood like this on rare occasions. I love it when she does and wish it would happen more often, but my encouragement doesn't seem to have much effect. Rather, I just have to enjoy those special times when she does let go.
Erin had been intimate with two men before we met. One was a long-term boyfriend, but I still didn't consider her to be very experienced when we started dating. Although she was always responsive, she normally wanted me to lead in our love making and stick to standard things. Over time, I had progressed her some and she now eagerly accepted oral sex and occasionally would provide it, but still seemed to prefer the routine.
"We can be naughty when we stop," I told her, as if it was a promise.
"You better be naughty. It's been over a week. You haven't been taking care of business!" she said with feigned indignation.
I realized she was right, that it had been a long time. I was sure we were going to make love last night, but Erin fell asleep early, and I had put it down to the adrenaline drop from her case ending. However, with the way she was acting now, I was getting hopeful about the prospects of some playful sex during the vacation.
"Why do we have to wait until we stop?" she persisted, acting very out of character.
"Well this console and the bucket seats aren't very conducive to sex," I said, pointing to the mass between us.
Undeterred, she leaned over and put her hand on my crotch and squeezed gently. In doing so, she had to lift out of her seat and was now partially blocking my view of the road.
"Sweetie, you're going to cause a wreck," I scolded her.
"I just wanted to get your pants off," she said with a fake pout.
I laughed while she dropped back into her seat, and we drove on in silence for a few more miles when a thought struck me.
"Why don't you get naked?" I asked.
"Why? Alone?" she answered with some confusion.
"So I can see you. You know how much I enjoy seeing your naked body," I replied.
"What about you?" she asked, looking at me with her big brown eyes.
"No sweetie, just you," I responded, with a wry smile.
"That's no fun," she replied, using the fake pout again.
I gave her a hopeful stare wondering if she would give in. It would definitely be unique, but I thought maybe she would see it as a vacation adventure, especially since she was in a playful mood.
"No, someone might see," she finally responded.
"Okay, that's fine," I said, knowing from experience it was never wise to push her.
"You really want me to get naked?" she asked after a minute of silence.
"Yes," I replied flatly, while trying to hold back my smile.
Erin looked around us at the four lane road and I think took some comfort seeing that the traffic was light, as at that moment, no other cars were within a half mile.
She reached down and unlaced her tennis shoes, and I instantly felt my cock getting hard thinking it might actually happen. These came off along with her sockettes, which she placed beneath her legs. Next she undid her khaki walking shorts and pushed them down revealing a red thong, and followed by unbuttoning her sleeveless blouse, slipping it off when she was finished leaving her sitting there in just her underwear. Up until then, neither of us has spoken as she performed her striptease, and she looked around again confirming that no cars were close.
"I can't believe I'm doing this. I must really love you," she said, and shot me the impish grin again.
"You're making me hard," I told her, offering it as encouragement.
"Let me see," she demanded.
"No, not until you're naked," I replied, now thinking I could bargain.
The impish grin was replaced with a fake scowl but she reached behind her and unclasped the bra. She let it fall forward in her lap revealing the breasts I love so much - firm, with small nipples that turn up slightly at the end of her breasts.
"Damn I love those," I told her sincerely.
Obviously pleased with the compliment and smiling, she wiggled the thong over her hips then pushed it down her legs and used her feet to kick it the rest of the way off. Now I got to see Erin's lovely smooth pussy, which she had only started shaving about three months ago when she found out during a girl's night out that all her friends did. I remember her asking me if I wanted her to shave and how I had to pretend indifference at first, when in fact I wanted to scream "YES."
She looked beautiful sitting there, but I could see she was also quite nervous.
"Give me your clothes," I demanded, putting my hand out.
She handed everything to me without arguing, and I reached behind me and put them on the back seat.
"You're acting a little dominant," she responded, giving me an odd look.
"Am I?" I answered, smiling back.
For the next fifteen minutes, I drove so that the car was never passed by another vehicle going in the same direction. In the light traffic it wasn't that difficult, and it allowed Erin to settle in and relax. We chatted and listened to the radio, but I had to adjust the A/C so she didn't get cold. After a while, I think she almost forgot she was naked as she was now idly flipping through magazines like she had been doing before.
In my mirror, still at some distance, I could see a car coming up fast. It was approaching too swiftly to stay in front of without running up on some cars that were ahead, so I pulled into the right lane and slowed so it would go by quickly. I knew that there was no way anyone in the car could see Erin since we were so much higher, still I was worried about her freaking out and I decided to be extra cautious.
The car, a beat up ten-year-old red sedan went rushing by and Erin's head quickly looked up. She shot me a look of concern, but I immediately explained that there was no way they could see inside, and she seemed to relax and accept the explanation. In fact, I felt I had built up some credibility with her by my efforts in moving over. A few seconds later, I reached over and patted her naked thigh, and Erin moved her hips as if encouraging more contact but I drew back.
"Later sweetie," I said, stifling a laugh.
"Ass," she said, reaching to the A/C controls to make it warmer.
We drove on and the occasional car would go by which no longer seemed to concern her. In fact, she was now showing almost no reaction and kept her attention focused on the magazines and music. On several occasions, I asked her how she liked being naked, and each time she replied that is was for me, although I was pretty sure she was enjoying too.
The sun was low and the car had become quite warm inside since she had adjusted the A/C. I noticed that she had grown quiet, and looking over I saw that her head was tilted back and her eyes were closed. The way her mouth hung partly open I surmised she was dozing, which I felt was probably a good thing. After all, vacation is about rest and this part of the trip was the toughest, with little of interest to see.
After a few minutes, I looked back to see an eighteen wheeler quickly catching up, and I decided to increase speed to keep the distance between us. I went to five miles over the limit and then ten, but still the truck was overtaking us although now more slowly. With a sigh, I decided I would rather him pass then risk a ticket, so I moved to the right lane and slowed. The truck bore down from behind, directly behind me in the right lane, and was about to move to the left lane to pass, when some evil impulse within me acted.
With a jerk of the wheel, I pulled back into the left lane and sped up intending to let the truck pass on Erin's side at a slow rate, and get a cheap thrill from putting her on display while she was sleeping. Since the inside of the BMW is very quiet, I hoped that the truck would pass without her realizing.
My nervousness made me speed up several times before I finally let the truck approach our car. It closed the distance until it was on the back bumper, now edging forward very slowly, and as his window came alongside, I worried that maybe he wouldn't look and if he did he might not be able to see because of the glare of the low sun.
Looking over, I could see it was a Peterbilt truck pulling an apparently empty livestock trailer, and with my peripheral vision I watched the front wheels slowly inch forward until they became even with the passenger door. Slowly, with the seconds feeling like minutes, they continued to overtake us as my foot on the accelerator became the dynamic that subconsciously controlled the pace of closure. Realizing I was hindering the last step, I let off the pedal slightly and the truck moved forward quickly with the cab passing Erin's window.
I'm not sure whether the next move was me or the truck driver's, but within seconds the truck's window was right next to Erin's keeping perfect pace. Even though I couldn't see him, I knew he was feasting on my beautiful wife, viewing her completely nude below his elevated seat. Thankfully, there was only a background whine of his tires that gave away his presence, and so far, it had not been enough to attract my wife's attention.
After driving together for a short distance, I started watching the odometer, as a mile went by, and then two, and we remained in synch. We were driving fast enough that no one was approaching from behind, and the unseen driver was able to maintain his voyeuristic treat.
I was concentrating on the road when I heard Erin gasp, and looking over I saw her hands trying to cover her breasts and pussy.
"What are you doing?" she hissed more than yelled, but her anger was clear.
I immediately dropped back and the truck began to slow too, but I wouldn't allow him alongside. Erin unsurprisingly was giving me a very harsh stare.
"What the hell! I mean what the hell!" she exclaimed, with her voice rising.
"Okay, sorry," was all I could think of to say.
"You're not sorry at all. You did it on purpose and you liked it!" she accused me, as she saw me fighting to hold back a smirk.
I was now going about 50 mph and the truck, realizing the show was over, was rapidly moving away.
"You let him see your wife naked you pervert!" she exclaimed, and when I didn't say anything she went on becoming very agitated, "Hell, pull up again and I'll play with myself for him."
And, when I didn't respond, she challenged me harshly, "You're actually thinking about it aren't you?"
"Erin, he has no idea who we are," I said to her, partially playing, but somewhat serious too.
Erin reached for her clothes in the back seat, but I caught her arm and stopped her.
"No, not yet." I commanded.
I had never done anything remotely that bold before, and the look she gave me was part confusion, part anger, along with something else too that I took to be a bit of curiosity.
"Do you want him to see me again?" she asked, as if reading my mind.
The question was asked in a tone that had lost much of the previous anger, and I think her curiosity had a great deal to do with it.
"Yeah," I replied, after a long pause.
"Why?" she asked, and I never realized a simple one-word question could be so hard to answer.
It took me a bit to gather my thoughts, and several times I considered just stopping and forgetting the whole thing. After all, we had already had an experience way outside the norm and maybe it was best to just be happy with that.
"Well I guess it's different and wild...you know. And fun. And we are on vacation," I finally answered, thinking it was a feeble attempt at putting into words why the whole thing aroused me.
The truck was now a half mile in front of our car and continuing to move away.
"You didn't even discuss it with me. You were just sneaky," she scolded, and she was right of course.
"I was just playing," I answered, unable to think of what else to say.
"At my expense!" she exclaimed.
"You're right. I'm sorry," I responded, realizing it was best to tactically retreat.
"You're just sorry you got caught! What you really want is to do it again," she challenged me.
"No, never mind. I was wrong," I said.
There was a long silence, and the truck continued to disappear until it was barely visible. I was worried I had been too bold and would have to deal with the consequences, especially so early in our vacation. But, for some odd reason, I also wondered what was going through the mind of the truck driver.
"You shouldn't be sneaky," she finally said, scolding me not for my desire, but for not discussing it with her.
"Would you have let me?" I asked, as my eyes locked onto hers.
There was a silence that lasted several seconds before she spoke, "I'll do what you want."
There was a strange look in her eyes, one that I couldn't recall ever seeing before. Had it actually excited her too? It must have some I thought to myself as I continued to stare. At least, I rationalized it that way when I pushed the accelerator down.
It took a couple minutes to catch back up, and I wanted so badly to break the silence and say something funny or witty, but my mouth was dry and Erin seemed to be struggling with the same issue. So, we closed the gap in silence.
The trucker clearly saw us coming back because he suddenly slowed the rig. Drawing near, I slowed to match his speed and once more the last few yards to draw even with his cab seemed to take forever. I could see that Erin was looking straight ahead, expressionless, but her nipples were very erect and her breathing a bit ragged.
"Relax, sweetie," I said, trying to ease things, but all I got was a nervous look.
We finally got alongside, and after several seconds of Erin looking straight ahead, I saw her glance up at the driver and a few seconds later she did it again.
"What does he look like?" I asked.
"Older guy, in his forties with short hair and a beard. He's wearing a cap too," she described with short forced breaths.
I thought that this could describe about fifty percent of the males in the country, but it wasn't time to get picky.
"Is he looking at you?" I asked.
"Yes," she responded quickly.
"What's he doing?" I queried, forcing myself to concentrate on the driving.
"Just looking...staring," she replied.
"Does he want you?" I asked.
"I don't know," she whispered, with a hint of exasperation.
"Spread your legs wider," I said to her, expecting a bad reaction, but unable to control myself.
Instead of showing anger, she settled into the seat more and opened her legs, which allowed me to see her pussy, and I could tell she was very wet.
"You're soaked," I said, unable to hide my surprise.
"Please stop this now," she implored me.
I realized that I had pushed pretty hard and it was time to back off, so I slowed down and let the truck move away.
"Thank you," I said to her, before she could speak.
"Did that turn you on?" Erin asked me, while looking hard into my eyes.
"Yeah, it did," I admitted.
I wanted to ask her the same thing, but held my tongue knowing the answer already and deciding it was the wrong time to press.
"I'm putting my clothes on now," she announced a few seconds later.
"Not yet," I replied.
"Why?" she followed with a nervous look, no doubt wondering what I would attempt next.
"You have to kiss me first," I told her with a big smile.
She looked down then smiled and leaned over to kiss me. It started as a deep kiss and got only more passionate before I finally had to break away or risk crashing.
"You're special," I said to her.
"Why?" she asked, fishing for more.
"A gorgeous, sophisticated and educated woman who will let her guard down and play like you did is every man's perfect fantasy," I explained.
"You won't hate me in the morning?" she asked, giving me a vulnerable look.
"You might not be able to walk in the morning?" I replied, giving her a huge smile.
Erin started to put her clothes on, but I wasn't ready to go all the way back to normal.
"No bra or panties, okay? I asked.
"Okay" she answered, with a small grin.
Forth-five minutes later we crossed the border into New Mexico, and thirty minutes after that we came to the first significant town.
"I think it's time to stop," I told her.
"Yes. It's been a long, strange day," she answered.
We pulled into the cleanest looking motel on the highway, and I went into the reception and five minutes later we had a room.
"Room 234. Second floor near the back. Supposed to be very quiet," I explained.
We parked, grabbed our travel bags and climbed the stairs to the outside walkway that lead to the room. Inside was that standard motel room, which consisted of a king size bed, a small round table with two chairs, a TV and a window A/C unit that rumbled.
"Are you hungry? I asked.
"Not too much. I'd rather get a big breakfast in the morning," she suggested.
Using the remote, I flipped on the TV and found some mindless sitcom and we watched it for a while, then Erin announced she was going to get a soda from the vending machine at the end of the building. She was gone less than five minutes, but when she returned I could tell something had happened.
"What's wrong?" I asked, grabbing her arm to get her to look at me.
"Nothing," she replied.
"Well something happened. Tell me," I demanded.
"He's here," she responded, with a nervous look.
"Who?" I asked.
"The truck driver," she answered, looking even more nervous.
"Are you sure? That would be an odd coincidence," I followed, thinking it would indeed be a strange occurrence.
"I'm sure," she responded.
"Did he see you? Did y'all talk?" I asked, getting agitated that I was being forced to pull every detail from her.
"Yes, when I turned from getting the soda he was just standing there. Leaning against the rail. He asked how I was doing, but I just walked away," she explained.
"Well fine then don't worry about it. He can't do anything. Just lay down here and drink your Coke and relax," I said to her.
Erin gave me an annoyed look then sat down, and I moved next to her while we watched TV. It wasn't long before I pulled her closer and put her head on my chest where I stroked her hair and told her softly not to worry.
We had been watching TV for about ten minutes when we heard noise on the walkway outside our room. At first, I thought it was someone just passing by and paid little attention, but the sound would approach, then stop for a few seconds and then start again, and it gave me the impression that someone was loitering, maybe pacing, just outside.
The noisy A/C unit started cycling and the sound outside was lost, and I went back to concentrating on the TV, but after a little while, my curiosity got the better me. I tried to be nonchalant, and went to the bathroom first so not to worry Erin, then ambled towards the window.
Pulling the curtain slightly aside with my fingertips and looking out, I could see the walkway was empty. Whoever was out there, if anyone really had been, had left, and I was just about to go back to bed when I saw a movement at the far end of my vision.
Slowly the form of an older man came into view. He was tall, over six feet and thin, wearing jeans and a western style long sleeve shirt that was untucked with the sleeves rolled up. He had cowboy boots on as well, and my first thought was that maybe these boots were what was making the noise I had heard. As he got closer I could see he had short light brown hair coming from beneath a well-worn cap, acne scars on his cheeks and a tight beard.
When he neared the front of our room he slowed and looked towards the window, and I involuntarily shrunk back even though I was sure I was hidden.
"What did that truck driver look like?" I asked Erin.
"Why, is he out there?" she responded, turning towards me with a frightened expression.
I described the guy to Erin and from the look in her eyes I could tell it was him.
"You have an odd taste in men," I stated, hoping to lighten things up, and her response was an obscene gesture with the fingers on her right hand.
The A/C stopped with a shudder as I moved back to the bed to sit with Erin.
"What should we do?" she asked, looking a bit worried.
"Nothing, he can't really do anything. He'll eventually go away," I explained.
"He makes me nervous," she replied, grabbing my arm.
"Well it seems you made him horny so I guess y'all are even," I laughed, still hoping to calm her.
"You made me do it. It was your idea," she quickly countered.
"You enjoyed yourself," I replied, a little too brusquely, which brought from her an annoyed look.
"It was different." she replied and ever so slowly a grin came to her face. Before I could think of something to say, she jumped up and declared, "I'm going to take a bath."
"Get me a Diet Coke first," I told her, thinking I was being clever.
"No way, you're crazy. You want me to get raped?" Erin blurted out, losing her smile.
"He's not going to hurt you. He just saw the most beautiful woman in the world naked and just can't believe his luck." I replied while laughing, still trying to reduce things.
I really didn't think the man was a threat, and in reality the whole situation had left me very excited. In addition, I was interested to see if I could continue to prod my wife, as we were on new but very interesting ground.
"You really want me to go out there?" she asked with a confused look, that also had some hurt it in.
"No sweetie. I'm just playing," I answered, backing off instantly.
"You better be," she replied, hitting my arm.
We continued to sit on the bed with our back against the headboard watching TV, but I could tell Erin was nervous from her fidgeting. So, I was completely caught off guard and stunned when she finally spoke.
"You want me to get you a Coke?" she asked, staring straight at the TV.
"Actually get me a Dr. Pepper," I said to her in the best "matter of fact" voice I could muster.
Erin sat for a bit longer then slid off the bed and got some change from her purse. I realized when she was almost to the door that she was still without her bra and panties, as I could see a hint of her nipples poking through the shirt. I was learning very quickly that my beautiful wife, who all this time I thought was quite conservative, had a playful streak.
"I'll watch from the window," I said to her in support, as she opened the door.
"Okay," she replied in a nervous voice, but her eyes had a strange, almost excited look too.
As soon as she left, I jumped to the window and pulled the curtain back. I could see about three-fourth of the way to the vending machine, and Erin's lovely rear quickly disappeared from my view.
It felt like several minutes went by with her out of sight, and I started to get worried conjuring up thoughts of axe murderers, and although I really didn't think the trucker was a threat, you never know. I was just about to step outside, hoping I hadn't pushed things too far, when I saw her coming back towards the room.
She was about half way back when suddenly I heard something else, and I realized it was the sound I had heard before that I had attributed to the trucker's boots, and it was coming from the opposite direction. As Erin got closer, I could see her eyes looking past the door towards the direction of the sound, and I prepared myself to act if needed.
The trucker suddenly passed my place by the window now putting himself between Erin and the door, and as they met, I could see him talking, but could not hear what was being said. Erin, although looking nervous, was speaking too, but far less than the man as if she was merely responding to his questions. Her nipples were poking straight through her shirt and if I could see them, then obviously the trucker could as well, and amazingly they kept talking for several more minutes before he stepped aside and let her by.
"Took you a while," I said while standing next to the bed, having rushed there when she came to the door.
"I saw you at the curtain," she announced.
"Well it was quite the conversation. But I couldn't hear it," I said, expecting her to describe it.
"Too bad," she replied, realizing she now had the upper hand.
"Well?" I asked, prodding again.
"You know he's actually very nice," she said, while fighting back a grin.
"Well what did I miss?" I asked with my own smile, annoyed at her evasiveness, but knowing I couldn't show it.
"Oh he just asked if he could see me naked again," she said, before going into the bathroom and closing the door behind her.
"Well what did you say?" I asked when she came out several minutes later.
Erin gave me an odd look, then answered with some annoyance, "What do you think I said? I can't believe you. I think you really want me to do it again."
"Did he really ask to see you naked again? How did he ask? I mean what did he say?" I probed, mangling the question in my haste.
"He said he would love another show," she explained, as her eyes questioned me.
She was acting vulnerable, but knowing that her nipples got hard gave me the courage to press.
"Would you consider it?" I asked, suddenly getting very excited by the idea.
"You know I didn't realize I was married to a damn pervert," she replied while shaking her head.
"Yes, but I'm your pervert," I grinned.
"You truly want this? Because this is freaky weird. I know we are on vacation and I admit it was interesting in the car but why do you want to do this? I don't understand?" my wife asked, looking straight into my eyes.
"Never mind. I'm sorry," I replied, looking down at the ground like a whipped puppy.
"You're crazy. I'm taking a bath," she told me, grabbing some things and closing the door behind her.
Despite the scolding, my head was completely consumed with the idea of getting her naked in front of the truck driver again, and I ran a hundred scenarios through my brain while she was gone, almost working myself into a frenzy. I knew she was right as it was freaky, truly freaky and not something a husband and wife were supposed to do, but something inside me found it monstrously exciting. The fact that I knew she had become at least somewhat excited made it even more interesting, as I had never seen a hint of behavior from her before that would indicate that she had these leanings. In fact, since I had known her, she had always been the consummate professional woman and respectable wife while always demonstrating proper decorum. A part of me wondered if it was because the opportunity had never come up before or perhaps I had been too timid with her. Was there even more beneath the surface that I hadn't yet found?
Erin was only in the bathroom for twenty minutes, but it felt like hours. Finally, she came out with a towel around her body and sat down next to me while working on her nails. I didn't say anything hoping she would be the one to re-engage in the discussion, but finally growing tired of waiting, and with my own reticence growing about bringing it up again, I decided to call it a night.
"Okay, I'm going to sleep," I informed her.
"Lost interest in showing me to strangers?" she replied, after a short pause.
"Well you didn't say anything so I thought you weren't interested," I countered.
"Good," she answered, seemingly bringing it to an end.
More silence filled the room as we seemed to be caught in this verbal jousting. Suddenly, on an impulse, my hand grabbed the towel at her shoulders and pulled it from her body.
"But it would be interesting," I said, placing my hand on her leg and stroking the inside of her thigh.
I can't this is just too weird. I'm not like this and it's already gone too far today. I can't even believe we are having this conversation," she answered, her eyes pleading with mine.
"We're on vacation sweetie. Anything goes. We'll never see this guy again and no one will know but us," I responded, trying to sound convincing, and now feeling empowered since the subject was back in the open.
My hand which had been slowly working its way up her leg now came in contact with her pussy, and I discovered it was slick with her juices, even after her bath. Despite her talk I knew she was turned on too, so I pushed one finger inside her, then two as small moans came from her while she shifted position to give me better access.
"Let's make love," she begged through her moans.
"After," I said, knowing she knew what I meant.
There was more silence from her, and since I didn't know how to read it, I stayed quiet too. For a moment, I wondered if it meant she was considering it or it was an indication of her anger brewing, but that question was soon clarified.
"Are you sure? I mean really sure? It seems so wrong," she finally spoke.
"I'm sure," I replied instantly, with a mind that was fueled more by lust than sense.
It was a strange lust too, and abnormal. I mean what husband wants to have his wife displayed to a stranger? Especially, some random truck driver.
"You'll have to get him," she finally said after a long period of silence, as my fingers played with her pussy.
"Why, what do you mean?" I asked.
"He's in his truck," she said.
"Truck? Where?" I continued.
"In the lot behind the hotel. He's sleeping in the truck camper," she informed me, and I realized part of the conversation they must have had.
"Truck sleeper," I corrected.
"Yes," she replied.
I remained still for a moment, letting my thoughts race through my brain one final time, then got up, put on my shoes, and without looking back headed towards the lot. There were nine trucks parked there but only one cattle trailer so it was easy to spot. Slapping the side of the door brought no response, and I had reluctantly given up and was walking away back to the room when I saw him climb from the cab of another truck. Immediately, he saw me and started walking over.
"Interested in coming up for a bit?" I asked, with my voice shaking.
He stood there and looked me up and down for a moment then said with a grin, "Yeah, let me grab something first."
He went to his truck and came back quickly carrying a twelve pack of beer under his arm.
"My name is David by the way, what's yours?" I asked, extending my hand.
"Merle," he replied with a slow, deep drawl while shaking my hand.
As we walked towards the motel, a truck behind us blasted its horn twice, making me wonder how much he had said to the others in the lot.
I knocked lightly on the door then used my card key to enter. Erin had put on the same shorts and polo shirt she had worn during the drive, and tuned the TV to a music channel playing country. She was biting her lower lip which was a telltale sign that she was very nervous, and she looked first at me before her eyes moved to Merle. We all stood there awkwardly for a few seconds before I finally spoke.
"Why don't you sit down Merle?" I said, pointing to one of the two chairs next to the small table.
Merle put the beer on the table, took one and offered us one too which we both declined, then sat in a chair while I took the other leaving my wife to sit by herself on the edge of the bed. Close up, in the light of the room, I could see that Merle was more lean and rangy than thin, and there seemed to be a certain natural strength in his body evident by the way he carried himself. I could see the beginnings of a tattoo protruding from his rolled-up shirt sleeve, and from the dusty look on his clothes and the musky scent from his body it seems that he hadn't bathed recently.
The conversation was slow and forced, and I sensed that Erin was getting cold feet. So, getting desperate to save the opportunity and to try and improve the vibe in the room, I turned off the lights leaving the TV as the only source of illumination, then quickly grabbed a beer.
"I'll take one too, please," Erin said in a shaky voice.
My wife is basically a wine drinker, occasionally mixed drinks, but never beer. In fact, I'm not sure I could recall ever having seen her drink a beer.
"I want you to know I really enjoyed this afternoon. You know driving is boring as hell but you made it a good day. Hell, you made it the best day I ever had," Merle suddenly spoke, in a way that made me think these were more words than he usually said in a week.
Even though Merle was a relatively uneducated country guy, the words had an immediate and positive effect on Erin. A smile lit up her face and I could see there was also some pride there too.
"Thank you that's very kind. It was the first time I ever did something like that and it feels very strange," she replied, quite sincerely.
"Would be a much better world if beautiful women did things like that more often," he said to her, with a raspy chuckle.
Erin laughed with him, then the room fell silent once more. "Honey?" I said, catching her eyes hoping to move past the awkward silence.
"Are you sure?" she asked, with pleading eyes.
"Yes, honey. Merle won't mind," I encouraged her.
"My husband wants me to take off my clothes," Erin blurted out, I think to test both our reactions.
"Well that seems like a good idea to me. Be like winning the lottery twice in the same day," he responded, while reaching for another beer at the same time.
His words brought another smile to Erin and she fidgeted on the bed acting several times like she was going to pull her shirt off but each time stopping.
"Why don't you stand up?" I said, trying to help.
Her eyes locked on mine for several seconds then she stood and began pulling the shirt over her head. When she finished she threw it on the floor next to her feet, and I was surprised to see she had put on a bra, although she still looked fantastic.
Next, she unbuttoned her shorts and pushed them over her hips revealing a black thong, and she looked at us nervously, shifting her weight from one foot to the other while we looked on in silence.
There was another pause, although this time I felt that it wasn't modesty, but rather some teasing on her part. With a final look at both of us, she reached behind her back and undid the clasp on the bra and let it fall off her arms revealing her perfect breasts. Merle gave a sigh and nod of approval while I sat there with my mouth too dry to make a sound. Next, she pushed down on the strings of the thong, rolling it over her hips and down her legs, until she stood there sleek and beautiful letting Merle's eyes feast on her nude body. This time though, she wasn't separated by moving vehicles going over 60 mph, this time, she was only a few feet away.
Amazingly, Merle didn't say anything. No crude comments. No corny hick sayings that I feared would be forthcoming and insult her. Instead, he just sat quietly and looked on, seemingly content, although I started to suspect that his silence was purposeful as part of his attempt to increase the sexual tension.
The first he spoke was when Erin tried to sit on the bed, "Don't sit down. I like the view this way."
She seemed to take it as both a compliment and a sexual tweak like someone had pinched her nipple. Her body shuddered for a moment, but she stayed standing and actually straightened her back some to show herself better. However, after several minutes, I could see she was getting tired, so I offered her my chair and told her I would sit on the bed. In doing so, I moved it to the middle of the room and turned it so it was mostly facing Merle.
I didn't understand what drove me, but I was deeply aroused by the situation. It felt almost like an out of body experience watching Erin undress and seeing Merle's eyes on her. My mouth was bone dry and I had to force my breathing, and my dick was completely hard in my jeans, painful from the awkward angle it was being held. The best part was that every action, every word was new and unscripted, and this unknown element was like gasoline on the fire of the sexual tension.
Erin sat in the chair and fidgeted while trying to find a modest position, and when she realized there wasn't one, she became still with her legs straight and both feet on the floor. Her arms were at her side, and with her back straight against the chair, her breasts projected forward almost like an offering to our guest. In addition, her small nipples pointed out fully erect and the significance wasn't lost on anyone. Merle stared at her without expression which seemed to make Erin nervous and caused her to fidget even more.
"Mind if I take my clothes off?" Merle asked, in his slow drawl.
I sat up straight at the edge of the bed, bracing for the reaction I was expecting from Erin. Surprisingly, she took it well, and instead of showing shock or anger like I had expected, she was quiet at first, then smiled and responded.
"Why do you want to take your clothes off?" she asked in an even voice.
"Well just seems ungentlemanly to let you be naked by yourself," he replied in the same slow cadence.
Merle had the ability to speak without giving any non-verbal expressions to go with it. It made things a bit disconcerting when trying to get the full understanding of his intent, but I think it also intrigued Erin. It was almost like I could see the wheels turning in her head which made me reconsider whether we were dealing with a one-dimensional bumpkin or someone who was capable of seducing her at a more complex level.
There was silence in the room after his answer, and I realized that Erin was actually considering his request. This was way beyond my expectations, but I certainly wanted to see where it was going to go so I kept my mouth shut.
"I think that's a very gentlemanly view. But I don't think that's a good idea," she finally said.
"I don't think it would hurt anything," I suddenly blurted out, no longer able to contain myself.
Both sets of eyes quickly turned to me, and my wife had a surprised look, but Merle had a hint of a smile. I knew he realized where I was going and that it was going to be us against Erin in this game.
"Looks like my husband has spoken," Erin said, placing an emphasis on the word "husband".
There was some annoyance in her voice, but she can be very competitive at times and I realized that she was throwing the control to me.
Merle looked at her for a moment then stood up straight and began undressing. He was very deliberate in taking off each article, folding it and placing it in an organized stack on the floor next to his chair. It seemed odd given the general dirtiness of his outfit, which added further to the surreal situation, and when his shirt came off, we could see that he had a tattoo on his arm of a naked woman and a large one on his back shoulder of a skull.
He left his jeans for last, and when he started pushing them down, I glanced at Erin to see that her eyes were glued to his crotch in anticipation. He seemed to sense this and slowed down to build anticipation, and when the jeans finally passed his hips Merle showed us his nice, healthy seven-inch partially erect and circumcised cock. It projected out from a sparse thatch of pubic hair and tapered from a fat base and middle to a pointed head.
Merle stood there naked, still wearing his cap, with his lean body and pock marked face, but somehow managed with his eclectic manner to come across as interesting. I watched as Erin looked him over and her eyes and breathing gave her away, as there was no question she was aroused. It only remained to be seen how much and where it might lead. I wondered how much of her arousal was driven by the situation and how much was from Merle the man, but seconds later, when his eyes fixed on hers and her nipples appeared to become even harder while she inhaled deeply, I knew that a good part of it was the man.
"Well now what?" I laughed, trying to break the silence.
"I don't know. Good question," my wife replied with a nervous laugh, fidgeting again in the chair.
"Well this old guy is in hog heaven. I don't need nothing else. I'm looking at an angel," Merle answered, with his healthy cock now almost completely hard.
I found his words to be corny, but glancing at Erin they had a much different effect. The look on her face showed that she was extremely flattered, and given Erin's upbringing and education I thought it amazing that he would have this impact, but nonetheless it was there.
"Thank you," Erin replied.
Merle took his cock in his hand and began slowly stroking it showing no shame. I was surprised he had taken this bold step, but had to hold back a smile when I saw Erin trying hard not to look and failing.
"Do you have a family?" Erin asked, to take the focus from his action.
Merle used that question to describe to us his life. He told us about his divorce from a few years ago and his son who was now eighteen and a senior in high school. In the process he knocked off his beer and opened another. He offered one to Erin, but she declined although she took a large swig of the one she already had while doing so, and all the time he never stopped playing with himself.
"Why don't you move that chair over here?" Merle asked, tapping the side of his chair, "David doesn't mind do ya?"
Erin looked at me and when I didn't reply she moved the chair towards him, but not all the way, as there was still about a two-foot gap between them. Still, she was now within reach and it was no surprise when he placed his hand on her leg just above the knee. Erin had to know it was coming, but her body shuddered nonetheless and she looked at me again. When I didn't intervene, she quickly downed her beer and took another offered by Merle with the hand that had been on his cock.
As soon as she took it, his hand went back to work and even in the dim light we could see he had pre-cum leaking from his opening. Seconds later, using the hand that had been on her leg, Merle grabbed the bottom of the chair and slid it another foot towards him. His hand immediately went back to her leg, but now was much higher.
"Okay Merle what are we doing here?" Erin said, startled from the move.
She started to rise from the chair, and at first I thought he had gone too far and it was all over, but when he spoke his words had a calming effect.
"I'm really sorry. I just couldn't help it," he replied with a grin.
"That's not very gentlemanly." Erin responded to him, and while her words came out shaky, she surprisingly settled back onto the chair.
"I know I was bold but you're just so goddamn pretty," he told her, and his compliment further defused the situation.
For the moment, Merle was content to stroke himself and Erin's thigh halfway between her knee and pussy. He made small up and down movement with his fingertips while we sat in silence with the minutes ticking by. Then something happened I wasn't expecting, when with a soft tug from his hand, he pulled her leg open just a bit. It was barely noticeable, but it had occurred which seemed to imply that she was acceptable to his attention. Merle face lit up with a pleased look, although he remained silent, while Erin made a quick look towards me, although I pretended I hadn't noticed. However, now I had a perfect view of her labia which in the low light appeared to be glistening.
Merle's hand slowly started straying higher and when it had come within an inch of her pussy Erin caught me staring.
"David?' she said in a questioning, almost pleading voice.
I could feel my heart pounding in my chest and my mouth was still very dry. I continued staring knowing I should intervene and stop this craziness, but I had to just see a little more, and when I didn't speak, Merle took it as a continued signal of permission.
"Oh my God," Erin's breath sucked in, when Merle's fingertips softly contacted her pussy.
Quickly, Merle began slowly stroking the full length of her slit, and Erin without prodding opened her legs even more. She too must have taken my silence as acceptance, but in any event she was now clearly responding to his touch.
"I knew this pussy would feel good when I saw it from the truck," Merle said, in a hoarse whisper.
"Ohhh...David this is too crazy," my wife said through her gasps, when Merle's fingertips partially disappeared inside her.
Our eyes locked when she had regained some control and I gave her a tiny smile, and when she saw it, her look changed rapidly from concern to confusion to acceptance. It looked like she had decided she wasn't going to be the one to stop it if I wouldn't.
"There ya go," Merle said, when she opened her legs even more.
Merle's hand was now alternating between stroking her slit, penetrating her with a finger and tickling her clit, and her breathing was coming in short pants and gasps as he got her more and more aroused. Soon, Merle had my wife squirming in the chair, when he suddenly dropped to his knees, pushed his hands under her ass and buried his bearded face between her legs.
"Ugghhh...ugghhh...ohhh..." she grunted out loudly, when his tongue found its prize.
First, her hands seemed to be pushing on his shoulders in an attempt to force him away, but within seconds they were on the back of his head, holding then pulling him into her.
When Merle had her in the right position he took one hand and started massaging her breasts and pinching her nipples. Erin's small nipples are very sensitive and his attention almost immediately brought high pitched squeals from her. It was like watching my own personal porn show except this one was with someone I knew and loved - whose life I shared and it made it much more personal, yet I was incapable of stopping it. In fact, I didn't want to stop it. I had never been so turned on, and it was a type of excitement I had never felt before. I was completely sucked in and consumed by the spectacle like a moth to a flame.
Merle's hands went back beneath Erin and with a smooth motion he lifted her from the chair, turned and took her to the bed. I stepped out of the way as he lay her down before he dropped on his knees on the floor and pulled her pussy back to his mouth. Her squeals and the wet lapping sound of his tongue on her flushed opening filled the room, while I stood to one side pulling hard on my cock through my pants. It wasn't long before I undressed and sat in a chair to watch the incredible show.
"No...not there...ughhh..." I heard Erin grunt.
At first I didn't know what caused the response, then I realized that the hand he had between her legs wasn't there to play with her pussy, instead it was to finger her ass. Erin had never allowed me to touch her ass and anal sex was completely out of the question. She whined for a while in response to the intrusion, but before long his mouth and finger seemed to be in rhythm and her sounds turned to cries of pure passion.
Merle brought her close to release then stopped. This brought a pitiful wailing sound from my wife as she tried to force her pussy into contact with his face.
"Don't stop. PLEASE!" she implored him.
The truck driver lifted himself over her and started licking her breasts and sucking on her nipples, and although she was enjoying the attention, she kept moving her hips seeking some contact.
"Merle you can't fuck her," I told him when his cock got close to her pussy, but I got no response.
Instead, he moved away from her breasts and started kissing and licking her feet then worked his way up licking every spot on her until he was concentrating on her neck and ears. I had never heard of this being done but it had an incredible effect on Erin. Her whole body was now shaking and her hands were running all over his body. He had positioned himself so that one leg was between hers, and as he moved up his cock dragged over her leg leaving a wet trail with his juices to mark its path.
Merle moved his other leg between hers and she opened hers to allow him room without protest. His cock was now lined up, but still several inches above her, and I nervously wondered whether he would try to fuck her or if he would honor my demand. When I saw him dip his hips, I had the answer and I saw the tip of his cock touch her between her labia and leg. The next move was Erin's as she shifted her body clearly seeking his cock. Merle kept dipping his hips and now his cock was running up and down her wet slit, so I knew I had only seconds if I wanted to stop their mating.
"Erin?" I said softly.
"Ohh...ohh...my God!" my wife moaned loudly.
I had been too slow. In that brief moment, Merle's cock had found its target and her soaking pussy had accepted him fully inside. My beautiful wife and the truck driver were now fucking. The scene was too bizarre and powerful to stop, and I found myself standing at the edge of the bed squeezing my cock knowing that with one stroke I would shoot across the room.
Sounds can be just as erotic as sights and the combination of her moans, his grunts and the wet slapping sounds of their bodies meeting filled the room and made my knees weak.
"I knew this pussy would be good," he stated as his ass rose and fell, "You like this cock?"
Erin had never been vocal during sex so I was surprised when she answered, "Yes, oh yes, don't stop."
"I was jacking off in the rig watching you and thinking about fucking you," Merle told her speeding up his movements.
"Were you? Oh... God do it," she cried out.
Erin's legs were now wrapped around his waist and her hands were on his strong shoulders while Merle's head was buried in the side of her neck, as he used all his energy to plow into her.
"You're going to get it all. All my juice," he grunted.
"I want it ... don't stop," she gasped back.
Merle lifted himself on his elbows and started a rapid thrusting into Erin. I thought he would tire, but he kept up the relentless rhythm which was driving Erin rapidly towards an orgasm. I saw him look down into her beautiful face and kiss her, and their tongues worked each other's mouth as they fucked, which for some strange reason I found to be the hardest thing to accept.
"Give it up. Give it up to me," he demanded of her, as they broke the kiss.
"I'm almost there...don't stop," she whined.
"I ain't stopping I'm going to fuck you all night!" he shouted.
"OHHH...OHHH...I'M THERE...SHIT...FUCK ME!" she suddenly wailed, as her legs began a spasm like motion kicking the air, and I watched her go through the most powerful orgasm I had ever seen.
"Oh Merle, keep going, don't stop. Please..." she whined, wanting and needing it to continue.
It was too much for him though and six thrusts later Merle started shooting his load into my beautiful wife, "THERE...yeah...take it all...take it!"
His thrusting became erratic and then slowed until it finally stopped altogether, and all that was left in the room was the sound of the lovers trying to catch their breath. The skull tattoo on his back seemed to be looking at me and smiling as the full realization of what had just occurred hit me.
"Get off her," I said in a stern voice.
Merle reluctantly rolled off with his fat cock flopping across his hip as he rolled away. Erin remained splayed open and when she caught my eyes she had a look of panic. She didn't realize I wasn't angry until I climbed between her open legs and pushed my own cock into her now thoroughly fucked pussy. She was very hot and unbelievably wet, and the sensation was not like anything I could imagine. I could smell his scent on her when I got close, but I needed to cum too badly to worry about anything else.
"Get your stuff in there too man," Merle urged from beside me.
I lasted less than a minute before I came hard inside my wife almost losing consciousness from the power of my climax, and when I was done, Erin wrapped her arms around me and rocked me as I softened inside her. Finally, to get some air, I fell to her side away from Merle, and pulled Erin's back to me, cupping her breast with my left hand while kissing her neck and ear.
"Mmmm..." she moaned in a satisfied voice.
My climax had drained me and I closed my eyes for just a second and before I knew it I had fallen asleep. I woke some time later, at first disoriented, before gaining my bearings and remembering the events. Except for me, the bed was empty, but I could hear soft groans coming from somewhere in the room, and it took me a moment to realize they were coming from the floor on the side of the bed. Staying quiet and raising my head, slowly Erin came into view. She was leaning forward, her head close to Merle's while she rode his cock as he lay on his back. They were whispering so I couldn't catch all the words, but it was clear Erin was enjoying the sex.
"Erin you have a damn good pussy," Merle said in a voice loud enough to make out.
"Shhh... don't wake him," she whispered.
They said some things to each other I couldn't make out as they continued to mate, and I tried to inch closer to them on the bed without making a sound.
"You're going to make me cum again," I heard her tell him.
"Does this old dick feel good?" he asked her.
"Oh yes, it's so thick," she moaned in reply.
"Come on out and let me fuck you in my truck," Merle said to her, talking in a manner that would have normally been offensive to her, but which now seemed only to excite her.
"You want me in your truck?" she asked.
"Yeah, let's go," he pushed.
"Have you had many women there?" Erin panted, still riding him.
"Some, but you'd be the best," he replied.
"Would I? Okay, but just for a little bit," she said to him before changing her mind, "Wait I can't leave him."
"Come on. He wants you well fucked," Merle said, now grunting from the sex.
"No, I can't. Just fuck me here," she answered, as her breathing becoming ragged.
In response, Merle flipped her onto her back and started fucking her fast and deep.
"Ohhh...yes, fuck me Merle," my beautiful wife begged.
Merle amazingly started moving even faster and leaned down kissing on her neck before moving to her mouth. Erin accepted his lips and they started a long, deep embrace. In the middle of it, her legs left the floor and opened wide. She was giving herself to him completely and willingly taking everything he wanted to give.
Like before, her climax started first and it sped through her quickly.
"Ohhh...God yes...ohhhhh..." she moaned trying to keep quiet, but failing while her legs kicked and her body shook underneath him.
"Yeah...its good isn't it," Merle grunted, and it looked like he was close too.
"Oh, Merle don't stop I'm still cumming," she gasped as her body shook even more, then it really hit her, "OH FUCK...OH MY GOD...OH YES...FUCK ME GOOD...PLEASE!"
I realized I had watched my wife have the two most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced with both coming from a complete stranger, but at that moment, it didn't matter to her as she was simply connected to a cock that was giving her complete fulfillment.
Her response must have pushed Merle over the edge because he started grunting and thrusting hard, "Oh yeah...take it in that hot pussy. Take it. Damn, I'm cumming a gallon."
I watched his ass clench and release repeatedly as he pumped his semen into Erin's pussy. Finally, they slowed and then stopped completely. I gave them a few minutes before getting off the bed and finding that he was still buried inside my wife with his head resting in the crook of her neck.
"Think it's time for you to go Merle," I said.
Merle remained motionless for a while and I was just about to tell him to leave again when he slowly started disengaging from my wife. As soon as he was on his knees at her side, Erin seemed to get a sudden dose of modesty because she took her shirt that had been on the floor and used it to cover her well used body.
Merle quietly started dressing while Erin rose and put on her shirt and shorts, while only I stayed naked. When he was done, he nodded at me and leaned down and kissed Erin on the cheek.
"Best I ever had," he said, then moved to the door.
"Goodnight Merle," Erin said as he left the room.
"Do we need to talk?" Erin asked, looking very sheepish.
"Not now. Get in bed," I demanded.
As soon as she was on her back, I slid into her and started humping fast.
"I love you." Erin whispered.
"I love you too honey," I replied snuggling into her neck, letting her know not to worry.
Seconds later I erupted into her gasping and grunting as my cum left me, feeling like it took part of my life power with it. I collapsed to her side and pulled her close to me kissing her and smelling the scent of Merle heavy on her body.
"Honey?" Erin spoke with concern in her voice.
"Not tonight sweetie. Go to sleep," I said, rolling her enough to get the bedspread and sheet over us.
Amazingly, I slept very deeply and only awoke when the sunlight was filtering through the curtain. Erin was still out no doubt from exhaustion and I hoped she had slept well.
"Honey, we need to get going," I said, gently pushing her shoulder.
Erin took a shower then I followed and we were soon packed and on our way. We stopped on the edge of town, had a good breakfast then got on the road, and proceeded with little talk which I think was bothering Erin.
"Are you mad at me?" she suddenly asked, about twenty minutes later.
"No honey I'm not angry. I was there with you and let it happen," I replied sincerely.
"Yes, why did you?" she asked.
It was a question to which I currently had no answer. At least not one that wouldn't take hours to explain.
"I'm not sure. I'm still figuring that out," I replied as best I could.
"Okay," she responded, seemingly accepting my answer.
"Did you enjoy it?" I asked, now putting her on the spot.
There was a long pause and she started to speak several times before finally saying, "Well you were there. You know I would be lying if I said no."
"You'll have to explain that to me over a bottle of wine some time," I replied in a way that I hoped she found non-threatening, and when she smiled I knew it was accepted well.
"Honey there's just one thing," she said.
"What's that?" I asked.
"We need to find a pharmacy. I went off birth control last month," my wife announced.