It had been 6 weeks since I met Laura, my exotic delivery girl. To say she brightened up my extended work trip was the understatement of the year. While neither of us had brought up the idea of being mutually exclusive, we spent most of the time away from our prospective jobs together. I had initially planned on going home on Memorial Day weekend, but I changed those plans and asked Laura if she would like to go down to the Florida Keys with me. One of the guys on my job site had a place reserved, but he was not going to be able to make the trip and asked if I wanted to take his place.
My dick twitched thinking of how hot she must look in a bikini. Laura smiled widely and responded with a solid yes when asked about the weekend getaway, then she frowned as she suddenly remembered that she had made plans to spend the weekend with her friend Erin. Erin was having baby daddy issues, and the father had their child for the weekend. The girls had planned to cut loose and have a few drinks over the long weekend. When she broke the news, I responded quickly. "Why doesn't she join us? The condo has a pull-out couch, and I would like to get to know your friends. We don't have to fuck ALL the time!" Laura said she would talk to Erin about it and let me know. I wondered to myself if I had overestimated our relationship. Did Laura see a future with me, or was I just helping her pass the time? Laura texted me later that evening: Spoke to Erin. She is all over a trip to the Keys. Maybe if she gets lucky and meets a guy at Holiday Isle we will still have our alone time! I was relieved that it appeared that I did mean something to Laura, and I couldn't wait to spend the weekend with her. I had briefly met Erin before. In contrast to Laura's olive skin and electric smile, she was more of a demure platinum blond with what appeared to be a decent body. It was hard to say, because she always wore baggy clothes as if she were hiding something. I came to learn that this was due to her ex being controlling and slut shaming her whenever she wore anything revealing.
Finally the big weekend arrived. As I assisted Laura with packing the car, Erin drove up. We exchanged pleasantries as she thanked me for inviting her along. I could tell by her white tank top and way too short cutoff shorts that showed off spectacular legs a good bit of her ass that she was over being bossed around by a dude. She said something about being a third wheel and I told her that was nonsense. I was glad to spend time with a friend of Laura's, and I hoped to hear some good stories. At that she smiled widely and said "I could tell you, but I have been sworn to secrecy!" I looked up to see Laura smiling and blushing slightly.
The 4-hour drive started uneventfully enough as I listened to the girls gossip for the most part. Laura and Erin had known each other for about 15 years, and both were incredible storytellers. I heard all about their exploits over the years. Before long, the sun faded and the car grew quiet. Laura took a peek into the back seat and determined that Erin had fallen asleep. She gave me a devilish smile as she nibbled my ear. She quietly loosened my belt and massaged my cock through my shorts. Glancing back to the rear seat once more, she was satisfied that we were alone enough, and she unzipped my shorts and let my dick spring free. In no time she was slowly licking up and down the shaft. I set the cruise control and tried to focus on driving. Laura noticed my efforts and doubled down. She deep throated me and swirled her tongue on my head like an expert. When I moaned to her that she needed to stop before she made me cum, she started stroking me harder while working the head with her mouth. Laura loved to give head and I knew she wanted to taste my load. As I started swelling in her mouth, she knew her treat was coming. The squishing sound of her sucking my cock intensified as I finally let go. "Oh shit baby" I moaned as she sucked every drop of cum from me. She then leaned in and French kissed me, and I could taste the remnants of my load mixed with the savory flavor of her mouth.
It was dark, but I could swear I saw Erin biting her lip in the rear-view mirror. I decided I was imagining things and pushed on. Laura looked absolutely stunning in a white mini skirt and billowy sleeveless top. I knew her well enough to suspect she had no panties on underneath, and I was proven correct as she subtly flashed me and smiled. I knew she was driving herself as crazy as she was driving me as she drew lazy circles around her slit, occasionally letting a finger slip in. She inserted 2 fingers and brought them to my mouth to lick off her juices just as I heard Erin stirring behind us.
"What are you to up to?" She asked with a smile on her face. The musky smell of sex hung heavy in the car as Laura and I looked at each other innocently. I told Erin I was glad she was awake, as we were approaching a service plaza, and it would be a good time to stretch our legs and gas up. As we drove into the light of the plaza, I could not help but notice Erin's hard nipples under her tank top. I could have hung my hat on either one. If there was ever a doubt whether she saw what was happening earlier, that was erased.
We made it to our destination by 9:00. If he told me about it before it did not register, but I found out while checking in that my coworker had reserved a rental boat as well, so this was truly a pleasant surprise. Our room overlooked the Holiday Isle Tiki Bar, and the holiday weekend crowd was in full force. Erin disappeared to freshen up and came out of the bathroom looking flushed. She was stunning in a white tank top, denim skirt, and sandals. She smiled at Laura and I and said she was heading down to the bar. With a wink, she said we could catch up to her later.
Laura surveyed the room as the door closed behind Erin. "Do you think they can see in here?" She asked, pointing out the past the balcony to the people at the bar.
"I doubt it" I answered honestly. "It's too dark in here and they are too far away."
"That's a shame" she said as she started removing her clothing one piece at a time. She put her arms up and pressed her huge melons against the glass of the sliding glass door. "This cool glass feels so good on my nipples." I approached her from behind and kneaded her back and neck. My dick bobbed up and down until it found its way into her crack. I held her wrists firm against the glass as I worked to position myself correctly and slide inside her.
"Do you wish they could see us? Do you wish they could see you taking it doggie style? Do you want them to see your tits up against the glass?"
"Yes baby, yes fuck me harder" She panted. "I want to be your little slut. Tell me when you are close." It wasn't long before I had to pull out. She spun around and got to her knees as I stroked my dick. She laid her head back and opened her mouth anticipating my orgasm. My first stream missed her mouth and landed under her eye dripping down her face. She adjusted and caught the next volley directly on her tongue. The next rope settled on her tits as she started telling me how she hoped the people outside saw her taking my cum. As I gushed stream after stream of jizz, she collected all the wayward splooge with her fingers and licked them clean.
We got cleaned up and dressed and met Erin at the bar. She had met a tan 20 something at the bar and was allowing him to buy her Rumrunners. She introduced us and they made room at the bar for us. As we ordered a round of drinks, Erin gave Laura a hug and said "nice show girl. I fucking practically slid out of my barstool" as she motioned toward our balcony. It was not obvious, but if one looked closely enough, the interior of the room could be seen. Laura instantly felt butterflies in her stomach and a new wetness between her legs as she wondered who else may have seen her show. The night wore on with great music and conversation. We were lucky enough to find a table, and Erin seemed to be getting along swimmingly with her new friend. I could see glimpses of his hand cupping the side of her breast, and her occasional shifts made me surmise that she was getting attention down below as well. She and Laura were pretty raw in the car, and Erin had said that she was planning on fucking the shit out of some unsuspecting boy this weekend. I was truly happy for her. By the sound of things, her ex was a real jerk that did nothing in the way of child support, and she rarely got any time for herself between working and raising her daughter. Laura and I were both feeling no pain and were truly having a wonderful evening. As the waitress announced last call, I ordered another round. Erin stopped making out with Six Pack Boy long enough to wink and Erin and I.
I was already getting hard with anticipation thinking of getting back to the room alone with Laura. Just as we were saying our goodbyes for the evening, Erin's new friend started looking uncomfortable, and the act of standing and walking intensified his buzz. In a flash he was in the bushes throwing up. Erin and Laura looked at each other then looked at me before Erin said "Let's get the fuck out of here!" Erin had come down for a fun weekend. There was no way she was going to hold what was in essence a complete stranger's hand all night because he couldn't handle his booze. We noisily rambled back to the room laughing all the way. The room had a kitchen with and open bar/countertop along one side. I grabbed more drinks from the fridge as the girls sat at the bar. I nursed a beer as the girls poured shots for all. The stories and laughter kept coming as they discussed Erin's gentleman caller and exaggerated his sounds as they described his demise.
It was then that Erin had a moment of clarity and said "Oh shit guys! I am so sorry! I just realized I fucked up your fuck plans for the evening!" Laura and I were wasted enough to bust out laughing.
"Fuck plans? Is that even an expression?" I teased. Laura followed up by saying she planned to fuck me daily before falling into a giggle fit.
"You aren't mad?" Erin asked with tears in her eyes. Laura and I both grabbed her and hugged her as we told her how glad we were that she was with us.
"Besides," said Laura, "You would probably have needed to give your little boy toy a map to your pussy!" With that, the girls had a drunken cackle.
Erin went off to the ladies' room. I had the TV flipped on but wasn't really watching anything when Laura sat on the couch facing me and started kissing me. My hands found their way inside her blouse and onto her tits. She absolutely loved having her nipples teased and I could feel the effect I was having on her. Her eyes rolled back as she shook off her top and ground her hips into mine. The more she shimmied, the higher her skirt ride up until it was around her waist. I saw Laura's eyes get big and then I heard Erin speak.
"Don't mind me," she said. You two are so fucking hot together. I was just thinking of the show you put on earlier, and I got off twice in the bathroom." She then grabbed a beer from the fridge and sat at the bar. Laura straightened herself up and smiled as she grabbed a beer.
"We need to get away from your couch anyway. No fun sleeping in the wet spot when you weren't even a part of making it!" She teased.
"So true" Erin agreed. "No need to go running off right away to your little fuck cave though."
It was apparent that Erin was having a good time watching, and I was buzzed enough that having an audience intrigued me. Laura's stomach knotted up again, and the same warm flood she felt earlier when she realized she may have had an audience returned to her pussy.
Laura's throat was dry as I cupped her face. I kissed her deeply and lifted her top off, letting it settle to the floor. I heard a little moan as I nursed on one of her brown nipples while kneading the other with my thumb and index finger. I hooked my thumbs around the waist of her skirt as she stood and pulled it to the floor. She started to remove her high heeled sandals but Erin spoke up from across the room.
"Leave them on," she cooed. "That's so much sexier."
Laura dropped to her knees and took me into her mouth. I looked up to see Erin now on the couch with both hands inside her skirt. I pulled Laura up and bent her over the back of the barstool so we could both see Erin's show while I entered her now sopping pussy from behind. Our pace stayed steady as we watched Erin's increase. She soon had her legs spread and her tank pulled to one side. Both Laura and I could see Erin massaging her hard, pointy nipple with one hand while strumming her engorged clit with the other. Her labia had turned to a deep purple color, and I knew she was close. As Erin came, she screamed and actually squirted. Laura and I were so mesmerized by this that we both came together immediately. Laura stuck a finger in the gooey mess that was our mixed fluids and presented the offering to me. I lustfully licked the finger clean before dropping to my knees and licking her pussy clean. This made both Laura and Erin cum once more. Now that the couch that Erin was supposed to sleep on was a sticky pool, and we all were a hot mess, the three of us retired to the bedroom and slept until noon the next day.