Morgan was a raven-haired beauty, with long dark hair that fell across her Italian-tan skin and had a body with the sleek curves of a finely tuned F1 race car. Her dark eyes, once bright and full of mystery, were now sad and empty. In her mid-40s, she was stuck in a loveless marriage with no way out. The word "divorce" had been brought up before. Morgan's husband Dave, the owner of a very successful local business, had promised her that if she ever tried to leave him he would bury her in lawyers and she would walk away with nothing and be homeless and alone for the rest of her life. He looked at her as his servant and occasional whore. He barely touched her unless he was demanding a blowjob or when he came home drunk from a business meeting and would roughly sodomize her. As for their son Matthew, who was home from college on summer break, it seemed as if he only looked at her as a short order cook, laundromat, and maid.
She thought maybe she had lost her looks. But when she looked in the mirror, she liked what she saw. She felt like she was aging well. And, judging by the looks other men gave her, she was all but certain they agreed.
All of that changed one fateful day.
Morgan was doing her typical Monday routine working around the house when the doorbell rang at 9 a.m. on a Monday morning. Dave was at the office and Matt was at work with his father learning the tricks of the trade.
Who could that be?she thought to herself. She opened the door only to find no one there. She looked to the left and the right but saw nothing. Then she spotted the package at her feet.
It was a pink box with a large pink bow. She picked it up and inspected it. There was a tag. She was shocked to see it was addressed to her. She looked it over, flipping the box over and checking all sides before bringing it into the house. She sat down on the couch then laid the box on the coffee table in front of her. She paused before she began to delicately unwrap the bow and open the box.
When she pulled the lid off, she found a typed note in all caps on top its contents.
MORGAN, WEAR THIS OUTFIT AS YOU DO YOUR CHORES TODAY UNTIL 4 P.M. THEN YOU CAN CHANGE BACK INTO YOUR REGULAR CLOTHES.
Her brow furrowed. "Who's this from?" she asked herself. "They know my name and what I'm doing." She gasped when she pulled the contents from the box and held it up. It was a sheer pink negligee. "Oh my God!"I can't wear this! You can see right through it! Why even bother wearing anything?She placed the lingerie on the table. Her jaw dropped when she pulled out the other piece of material.Are these supposed to be panties! They're...they're...it's a string with a see-through piece of lace attached!
She looked at the note again. WEAR THIS OUTFIT AS YOU DO YOUR CHORES. It wasn't a suggestion, it was a demand.
Is this from Dave? Is that possible? Maybe he's going to surprise me and wants me to be wearing something sexy when he comes home early. Maybe he's changing. Maybe he's finally starting to see me as a woman and not just his personal cum dumpster!
She filled with hope for the first time in years. She raced to the bedroom and slipped into the slinky outfit. She placed her hands on her hips and twisted in front of the mirror. Although she was dressed, not a bit of her tan body was hidden.
A smile stared back at her. "I make this look good," she chuckled. "You still got it, girl!"
As she worked through the house she began to feel more comfortable in what little clothing she was wearing, even finding herself becoming aroused. She had forgotten what it felt like to be a sexy woman wearing provocative clothing. Occasionally she would stop and listen, thinking she might have heard the door opening. But it never came.
Finally, at 4 p.m. she changed into her normal every day clothing. She took another glance at the sexy outfit before folding it and tucking it away.
She had dinner ready when the boys came home at 5:30 that evening, just as her husband expected. After dinner, Matt went to his room, Dave took the paper to the patio, and Morgan cleaned the kitchen. Just another day in the Allen household. But this one was different. When Morgan finished in the kitchen, she joined her husband on the patio.
"Thank you for the present today," she said softly.
"Present? What present?" he said from behind his newspaper.
"You know? The package you sent this morning."
"I didn't send you any fucking package this morning, woman. I've got more important things to do than send you fucking packages. You're imagining things."
"Stop playing," she giggled.
He put the newspaper down and glared at her. "Woman, I told you, I didn't get you any fucking package or present," he snarled. "What kinda game are you playing? You trying to make me jealous or something? Make me think you've got a boyfriend sending you gifts or something?"
"What? No! Nothing like that. It's just, I thought..."
"Tell you what. Now that you mention, I do have a present for you."
For the briefest moment her heart skipped a beat. That was until he started tugging at his belt buckle and unzipping his fly.
"There! Ha ha! There's your fucking present!" he chortled as he waved his flaccid man meat at her. "What? Don't you want your present?"
"I...I..."
"Get over here, get on your knees, and do what you do what you do best, bitch," he growled.
"But...but...Matt might come out. The neighbors might see."
"And what will they see? They'll see a fucking whore giving her husband a fucking blowjob. Now get over here!"
She solemnly rose from her chair and took the few steps to him. He watched with a crooked smile as she slowly dropped to her knees between his legs. She replaced his hand with hers and slowly leaned into his lap.
"Ohhhhhh yeah, that's it, right there," he moaned when she took him into her mouth. "Now suck it good. Suck it like the good little whore you are and maybe I'll give you a present," he chuckled.
She felt him quickly grow in her mouth. He wasn't huge by any stretch of the imagination, or even big. But she let him believe his was the biggest cock on the face of the planet.
"That's it. How do you like sucking on that fat cock? How do you like it?" he hissed.
She nodded her head. "Mmmmmhmmm. Mmmmhmmmm."
He placed his hand on the back of her head and shoved. "Come on, bitch. Stop fuckin' around and take it all!" As she had done so many times before, she easily took his tip into her throat. "Oh yeah! Oh fuck yeah!"
She had been feeling oddly aroused all day. Even though orally pleasing her husband had become a chore, she found herself becoming aroused even more. She slid her hand inside her shorts and squeaked at the first tough of her own hand.
"Hey! What the fuck! Are you fucking fingering yourself? Knock that shit off! Concentrate on what you're doing here! This is about me, not you, you fucking bitch!"
She yanked her hand out of her pants and began to suck on him harder than she ever had. She wanted this to be over and over quickly. Soon she felt him throbbing in her mouth.
"Oh yeah! That's fucking it right there! Jesus Christ, that's it! Holy fuck, you're gonna make me cum already!" He quickly stood up, grabbed her hair with one hand and pulled her back, then grabbed his glistening bone with the other and began to jerk himself mere inches from her face. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuuuuuuuck!"
His hips jerked. A thick rope shot out of his pole and splashed across her face. Another small spurt landed on her chin and dripped onto her shirt. He yanked her head forward and jammed his poker into her mouth again.
"There you go! Suck it dry! Suck my balls dry, you bitch!"
After a few pumps into her face, he released her hair from his grip and fell back into his seat. He looked at her cum-streaked face and laughed.
"Ha ha ha! There's your fucking present! Did you like it? Did you like your present, bitch?"
She knew the exact response he expected. "Yes. I liked it very much. Thank you," she said meekly.
"Ha ha ha! I thought you'd like it!" He paused. "You know, if the business ever goes south, we'll put you on a street corner. You know how to suck cock, that's for damn sure."
"Why must you say such things to me?" she asked quietly as she rose to her feet.
"Because you're a cock loving whore, that's why. Now go clean that shit off your face before your son sees you."
She left just in the nick of time. A few moments later, Matt appeared at the patio door.
"Everything okay, Dad? I thought I heard a bunch of yelling?"
"Oh yeah, everything's okay. Your mother's such a horny little bitch! She just couldn't wait and gave me head out here. Kind of caught me by surprise, but it's all good. Everything's fine."
"Jesus, Dad! TMI!"
Dave laughed. "Oh, don't be such a drama queen! Your mother loves my cock, what can I say? Ha ha ha!" he laughed as Matt walked back to his room.
Morgan walked to the one bathroom in the house and looked at herself in the mirror. She grabbed a towel, sat on the toilet, buried her face in the towel and began to quietly sob.
*****
Tuesday was just another day as she went through her normal Tuesday routine. She couldn't help but wonder all day, if it wasn't Dave that sent the package, who was it? Who could it possibly be? The thought of having a secret admirer amused her. Every so often she would check the front door to see if another mystery package had been dropped off. But no package came. As she began dinner that evening, the thought occurred to her that maybe that would be the one and only package she would get from her "secret admirer". The thought saddened her a little.
*****
Wednesday morning, as she sorted laundry, the doorbell rang. At first she froze.
Could it be?!
She raced to the door and yanked it open. Alas, no one was there. Her heart leapt when she saw the package at her feet. She grabbed the box and raced to the living room, where she sat it on the coffee table, just as she had done with the first package. This one was heavier than the previous box.
This package was a royal blue with a shiny blue ribbon. She carefully lifted the lid. Once again, there was a typewritten note on top.
YOU DID WELL MONDAY, MORGAN! YOU FOLLOWED THE INSTRUCTIONS TO A "T", EVEN GIVING A BONUS TO YOUR HUSBAND.
She gasped when she read that.How...how did he know?!
The note continued. I KNOW TODAY IS YOUR LAUNDRY DAY.
How does he know that?!
BUT I ASK THAT YOU WEAR THIS OUTFIT UNTIL 4 P.M. JUST AS YOU DID MONDAY.
She lifted the garment from the box. It was a lacy dark blue bustier with garter belts. There were matching stockings as well as a thong with a tiny triangle of matching material.
Under the clothing was another note. She gasped when she read it.
YOU CAN USE THE DILDO AFTER 3 P.M.
Her jaw dropped when she lifted the paper. There it was. A huge, dark brown dildo. She hesitantly reached into the shallow box and grabbed it. It was heavier than she thought it would be. And more realistic. The detail of the veins wrapping around the thick shaft was impressive. She stared at it.
"There's no way! This thing is three times as big as Dave!" She rotated and studied it. "Impossible!" But, much to her disbelief, just the thought of having this monster inside of her was making her hot and wet.
She took the contents to her bedroom and laid it on the bed. She peeled off her shorts and t-shirt and slipped into her new clothing. She'd never worn anything with garter belts before, it was a big of a struggle. But, once she got it all put together, she immediately felt sexy. She looked in the mirror.
"Damn! That's hot!"
After admiring herself, she went back to her household duties. Each time she passed through the bedroom to hang up a shirt or put socks in the drawer, she saw the dildo laying on the bed. It was almost like it was calling her. Each time, the temptation was greater.
Early that afternoon, she was pulling a load of linens from the washer when she froze.
I normally hang these on the line. Outside. That means I would have to go...outside...wearing this! Oh my gosh. If the neighbors saw me wearing this...She gathered the linens and walked to the patio door, then considered her options.The fence is fairly tall. I...I think it'll be okay. I...I don't think anybody will...see me.
She slowly opened the sliding glass door, then stepped onto the cement patio as if she were stepping onto a field of glass shards. She stopped and quickly swiveled her head. The coast was clear. She walked to the clothesline at a brisk pace, then quickly threw up the linens and clipped them in place. Once accomplished, she picked up her basket and rushed back inside. Once she slid the door closed behind her, she fell back against it panting.
A smile crossed her face.What a rush!
The next 90 minutes seemed to crawl. 2:10. 2:20. At 2:40 she went outside to gather her linens, this time at a much more leisurely pace, almost hoping someone would see her. She brought the basket back into the bedroom to fold, just as she had done every Wednesday for years. But today there was this thing on the bed.
She glanced at it, then the clock. 2:50. The room was getting warmer.
2:55 her body was hot. She was envisioning it in her hand.
2:58 she began to unclip her garter belts.
2:59.
When the clock hit 3 p.m. her underwear was around her ankles. She stepped out of them, grabbed the rubber phallic, and sat on the bed with her back against the wooden headboard and her legs splayed across the bed. Her body was on fire.
She held in front of her face. "No way," she whispered as she glanced down at her swollen slit. She scooched into a more comfortable position, brought her legs back, and lowered the thick tool between her legs.
She sighed and closed her eyes when the rubber first touched her. Of course, she had masturbated many times. But she had never used anything like this before. She hummed as she ran the tip along the length of her gash.
She squeaked when she first pushed, then barked when the head parted her lips.
Her head tilted back. "Ohhhhh myyyyy Goddddd," she moaned as the first four inches slid in.
She couldn't remember the last time she had anything even closely resembling and man's member inside of her special place. It felt like her body was on fire. She looked down and saw that more than half of the prod was still exposed.
"Holy shit," she sighed.
She slowly began to slide the tool in and out, moaning and biting her bottom lip. She was feeling fuller and fuller. She'd forgotten the thrill of having a man inside of her. She looked down. Only the base was showing.
"Oh my fucking God," she moaned.
The pumps grew longer and faster. Her moans became louder and extended. She was soon lying flat on the bed and squirming. She began to paw at her ample chest with one hand while she pumped with the other. Her hips began to rise and fall.
"Ohmagawd, yes. Yes. Ohmagawd, yes," she groaned. She began to buck. Her stabs grew harder. "Ohmagawd! Ohmagawd, yes! Yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes! Ohmagawd! Ohmagawd! Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Yes! Yes! Guh! Guh! Nnnnnngggghhhh aaaaiiiiiyyyyyeeeee!"
It felt like a 4thof July fireworks celebration had exploded inside her lithe body. Every nerve ending was on fire. Time stood still. Her mind went blank.
After what felt like days, her body sank into the bed. She closed her eyes. Her chest heaved as she tried to catch her breath. That was the most intense orgasm she could remember having. It was the closest thing to having sex she'd had in years.
*****
Thursday came and went without a package. But her normal Thursday routine changed that day. She did her housework in the pink negligee from Monday and took an afternoon break with her new brown lover.
Friday was typically her light day. Other than a few minor housekeeping chores, Friday was mostly a day for herself. Until the doorbell rang at 9 a.m.
She raced through the house and flung open the door.
"Shit!" she squawked when no one was there. But there was another package at her feet.
She briskly walked to the couch and laid the package on the coffee table. This was a plain white box and much smaller than the previous two with a simple white bow. Once again, the first thing she saw was a note when she opened the box. This one was short and to the point.
PUT THIS ON NOW.
She thought it was odd but went straightway to the bedroom. The first thing she pulled out was a lacy white half bra.
"What the..." she said to herself when she held it up. Nonetheless, she peeled off her clothing and strapped the bra on. It cupped her round and firm 36Cs perfectly. Next was the matching white thong and another note. After slipping into the thong, she read the note.
ANSWER THE PHONE.
No sooner had she put the note aside, the phone that had been hidden behind it lit up, startling her. She hesitantly picked up the phone.
"H-h-hello?"
"Hello, Morgan," came the deep gravely response. "You're doing very well. You follow instructions quite well."
"Who is this?"
"That's not important. This phone can only receive calls. You cannot make calls. There's an ear piece in the box. Put it on."
Sure enough, there it was, illuminated in the box.
She wrapped it around her ear and inserted the receiver. "Okay, it's on."
"Can you hear me okay?"
"Yes."
"Good, good. Would you like your next set of instructions?"
"Um, sure."
"You have a long black coat in your closet."How the fuck does he know that?!"And black high heels."Lucky guess!"Put them on."
"Now?"
"Yes, of course."
"Um, okay." The coat reached mid-thigh. The high heels only accentuated her long toned legs. "Okay. Now what?"
"I'm going to text you an address. I want you to go to it."
"What? Now?"
"Yes, of course."
"But I don't have a car."
"That's fine. The address is three blocks from you."
"So you want me to walk to an address dressed like this?"
"Yes."
"And if I don't?"
The voice chuckled. "Oh Morgan. You know you want to. Have I done anything so far that would make you question me?"
"Well, no, I guess not."
"So why would this be any different? Besides, you wouldn't want your son and husband to see you with a huge dildo stuffed up your cunt, would you?"
The words hit her like a sledge hammer. "Wha...wha...you...you wouldn't!"
"Just go to the address, Morgan."
"Okay. Fine. I'll go to the address," she huffed.
"Good. I'll see you in a few minutes." The phone went dark, then binged with a message. It was the address.
She walked along the street with a mixture of excitement and foreboding. It was mid-July and she was wearing a short buttoned up coat wearing next to nothing underneath it. The thought of walking through her neighborhood and around people knowing what was hidden under her jacket, but they not knowing, was surprisingly an adrenaline rush. Going to a strange address to see this stranger who'd been sending her sexy was both enthralling and ominous at the same time.
When she got to what she thought was the address, she stopped. She looked at her phone to double check that she had the correct address. Her heart sunk with dread. She was standing across the street from an old abandoned warehouse. All kinds of thoughts raced through her mind. What if he had lured her here to rape her? Or share her with his friends? Or kidnap her? Or kill her? Her mind was racing.
Suddenly, the phone buzzed. She tapped the button on her ear piece.
"What are you waiting for, Morgan?"
"I...I...It..."
"It will be fine, Morgan. No one is going to hurt you. That's the last thing that I want. Please, come in."
"Um. O-o-okay."
She walked across the street and into the dark, dingy warehouse. He guided her through a series of hallways until she reached her destination.
"It's okay, Morgan. Go ahead. Open the door."
She paused, then opened the door. She stepped into a well-lit room that was much cleaner and more organized than the rest of the building. He instructed her to take her coat off and place it on the table just inside the door.
"Very impressive, Morgan. You look stunning in the outfit. Is it comfortable?"
"You can see me? Where are you?!"
The voice chuckled. "Of course I can see you. But that's none of your concern."
"Okay. You've blackmailed me to get me here. Now what? You and your friends rape me in this old building where will no one will hear me?"
"Oh my goodness! Goodness sakes, no, Morgan. No harm will come to you. And blackmail? I just wanted to make sure you came. From this point on, everything is your choice. You can stop anytime. If you want to stop, put the phone on the table and walk away. You'll never hear from me again. You have my word."
Her mind was racing. He'd done nothing to harm her. Quite the opposite. She hadn't felt more alive than she had the past few days in years. She felt desirable again.
"But that's not what you want, is it, Morgan?" There was a pause. "I thought not. Shall we continue?"
"What's next?" she said, almost embarrassed she had challenged the intentions of The Voice.
"See that item on the floor on the other side of the room? I want you to sit on it, please."
She hadn't noticed it before. There was a brown mound on the other side of the room. It almost looked like a saddle you would put on a horse. As she approached it looked more and more like a saddle. But there was something protruding from what she assumed was the seat. Once she arrived at the item, her jaw dropped.
"You...you want me to sit...on that?!"
"Yes."
If it wasn't a western saddle, it was very similar to it. But it had what looked to be a vibrator embedded into the seat pointing skyward.
"But, of course, it's your choice, Morgan. You can do whatever you want to at this point. Walk away if you so choose." She pondered the situation. "Oh, come on, Morgan, who are you kidding? I'll bet your pussy is sloppy wet from the anticipation of what awaited you once you arrived. Am I right?"
It was true. She was soaked.
"No. Of course not. That's not true," she said without conviction.
The Voice laughed in her ear. "Ha ha ha! Okay, Morgan. Maybe I was wrong about you. You're free to go if you so choose."
"No no! It's fine. I...I'l do it."
She pulled her soaked thong down her silky smooth legs and tossed it to the side, then lifted her leg over the contraption and began to lower herself. She emitted a light gasp when the cold plastic touched her hot lips. She parted her folds with one hand and braced herself on the saddle with the other.
"Nnnnnggggguuuuhhhhh," she moaned as she slid down the short cylinder.
"You're doing great, Morgan."
Her head was spinning. "So, why...why are there...holes in the wall?"
"One thing at a time, Morgan."
"So...so what's...next?" Her eyes flew open when the seat roared to life. "OH MY GAWD!" She grabbed the horn of the saddle and held on for dear life.
The vibrator buzzed and whirred inside of her while her button rested on the rise of the saddle. It was hitting all the right spots.
"Ohmagawd, yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes!" she cried out as she rocked on the seat. "OHMAGAWD!" she howled when the vibrations suddenly increased. She pawed at her bouncing breasts and erect nipples. "Ohmagawd! Ohmagawd, yes! Yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes! Ohmagawd! Ohmagawd! Yes! Yes!" It felt like a herd of stallions were galloping up the insides of her thighs. Her jaw clenched. "Yes! Yes! Guh! Guh! Nnnnnngggghhhh aaaaiiiiiyyyyyeeeee!"
Her body erupted around the vibrating cylinder. She clung to the horn of the saddle as if it was the only thing from keeping her from a launching into the heavens. She barked and yelped and begged it not to stop.
The stallions finally retreated but the seat continued to buzz. The room was spinning around her.
"Okay! Stop! Stop! Ohmagawd, stop!"
Finally the whirring stopped. She leaned forward, eyes closed and panting.
"Well done, Morgan. Well done."
"Ohmagawd," she panted.
"Are you ready for what's next?"
"I...I...I don't...know. Gah!"
Suddenly a half flaccid cock shot through the hole and was mere inches from her face. Even at half-mast it was twice the size of her husband.
"What...what the hell?! There...there was somebody behind that wall! Why...why didn't you tell me?!"
"Because I didn't want you to be inhibited, Morgan. Don't worry, Morgan, he didn't see a thing. He can't see you now, nor will he ever."
"So, what...what do you want now?"
"It's not what I want, Morgan. It's what you want. You have a cock staring you in the face begging for attention. But do you want to do? The choice is yours."
She stared at it. Almost hypnotically, she raised her hand. Before she knew it, it was twitching in her hand. It was thick and heavy, and growing heavier and thicker by the second. She was mesmerized by it. She hadn't touched a man's cock other than her husband's in over 20 years. And certainly never one this large. She gently caressed and stroked it until it was completely rigid.
"What do you think, Morgan?"
"I...I don't know what to think."
"How long has it been since you had another man's cock in your hand?"
"I...I don't know. Since before my son was born."
"Do you like it?"
"It...it's amazing."
"So, what do you want to do, Morgan?"
"What do you mean?"
"Do you want to leave? Do you want to continue to stroke this strangers cock? Or kiss it? Taste it? Lick it? Or maybe even...suck it?"
"I...I..."
She leaned forward. Her lips were almost touching it. It smelled different than her husbands. It smelled good. Clean. It twitched when placed a soft kiss on the purple tip. She leaned back and studied it. She pointed it skyward and leaned in further. The monster jumped in her hand when her tongue landed at its base. She ran her tongue along the length of its underside, then rolled her tongue around the tip, then repeated the movement before leaning back again. This was far different than when she had her husband's cock in her face. This was sensual. Tender. It was her choice.
She leaned in again and landed her tongue at its base. She ran her tongue along the thick vein underneath, then rolled her tongue around the tip again. But this time, instead of pulling away, she opened wide.
For a fleeting second, the disbelief of having another man's cock in her mouth flashed through her brain. But it was quickly overtaken by lust. By wanting to please this stranger instead of being forced to. She bobbed her head but was only able to take the first four inches due to its thickness before her gag reflex kicked in.
"Take it easy, Morgan. I wouldn't expect you to deepthroat this monster on the first try. Not when you're used to having your husband's sorry excuse of a cock in your mouth."
"How does he know these things?!" she briefly thought to herself.
"You're doing great, Morgan. So great you deserve a reward."
Her face shot off of the mans rod when the saddle roared to life again.
"FUCK!" she screeched. Her shoulders slumped when it suddenly shut off. "Hey! What was that?"
"You stopped being true to yourself, stopped pleasuring this stranger. Thus no reward."
"Oh! I...I'm sorry! It...it just caught me by surprise. Here. Watch."
She impaled her face on the prod and went to work with gusto. A loud, muffled bark filled the room when the saddle came to life once again.
She rocked in the saddle as if she were mounted on a horse while she drove the strange wood into her hungry mouth. She gripped the thick base with one hand while she molested her breasts with the other.
Before long her moans were longer and louder. Her grinds into the saddle handle were hard as were the pinches of her nipples. Her grip on the pole was tighter, the strokes more deliberate., She barely noticed how the throbbing in her mouth grew in intensity. It felt like a herd of stallions were racing up her thighs looking for saddles of their own.
"You want to cum, don't you, Morgan?" said the voice in her ear.
She nodded her head as best as she could. "Mmmhmmm! Mmmmhmmmm!"
"Then what's stopping you? Come on, Morgan, show us how you cum. Show us how you cum while you suck that cock."
Finally, the galloping herd crashed into her corral.
"Mmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmggggffffffkkkkk!" she groaned as the beasts roared through her spasming body. She blindly sucked on the thick straw in her mouth while her mind raced.
Then, suddenly, she was reminded there was a throbbing object in her mouth. With one strong pulse, her mouth filled with a thick, salty fluid. Her head shot back at the shock of the sudden infusion.
"Gah! Fuck!" she barked. Another pulse shot a stream that crashed against her chin and spread across her throat. She quickly took him back into her hungry mouth and guzzled the gushing fluid while the horses continued to roll through her body.
Once the throbbing in her mouth and between her legs slowed, she pulled back. She stared at the quickly wilting mast before her.
"How was that, Morgan? Did you enjoy it?" asked the voice in her ear.
"Ohmagawd," she panted.
"She what happens when you allow yourself to be your true self? It's freeing and joyful, isn't it?"
"It is," she said, still trying to catch her breath.
"With that in mind, I have another surprise for you, Morgan."
"Really? Like what?" Her head twisted to scan the room. "Holy shit! What the fuck?!" she exclaimed when she saw the huge pretension sticking out of the second hole to her left. Just like that, the rod she'd just had in her mouth disappeared behind the wall.
The voice chuckled. "Impressive, isn't it?"
"Is...is that you?"
The voice chuckled again. "Don't I wish. No, it is not me."
"So, what...what the fuck am I supposed to do with that?"
"Anything you want. Or nothing at all. The choice is completely up to you. What does your body tell you to do, Morgan?"
Her head was spinning. "I...I don't know."
"Why don't you have a closer look at it?"
She hypnotically lifted herself off of the wet saddle and took the few steps required to reach the new target.
"Holy shit," she moaned. "That thing is fucking huge!" It was easily the biggest cock she'd ever seen. Thick veins wrapped around the tan post.
"Go on. Touch it."
She reached out. It twitched at her first touch. She wrapped her long thin fingers around it.
"It's so heavy!" she observed as she mindlessly began to stroke it.
"So, what would you like to do with it, Morgan?"
"I...I don't know."
"Would you like to suck it?"
"I...I..."
"Fuck it?"
"I...I..."
"Maybe stuff it up your ass?"
"Ohmagawd, no! It...it would never fit!"
The voice chortled. "You'd be surprised." He paused. "Maybe you just want to walk away and always wonder what it would feel like to fuck a monster like that."
He was exactly right, as if he could read her mind. She was wondered what it would feel like to have something like that inside of her. Her heart and mind were telling her to walk away. The rest of her body was begging her not to.
"I...I think I want to...you know, do it."
"Do what, Morgan?"
"You know..."
"No I don't. Are you saying you want to fuck it?"
"Yes."
"I want to hear you say it, Morgan."
"I...I want to...fuck it." She couldn't believe the words just came out of her mouth.
"I thought you would. There's a chair right there to help you keep your balance."
She pulled the chair over and turned her back to the prod.
"It...he...he can't see me, right?"
"Absolutely not. He has no idea what you look like or who you are. He only wants to pleasure you."
"O-o-okay."
She bent over and, keeping one hand on the chair and one hand wrapped around the throbbing meat, began to back up. She lightly gasped when the rounded head touched her still-quivering lips. She yiped when it parted her folds.
"Ohhhhhhhhh myyyyyy fucking Godddddddd," she groaned while she slid backwards until her ass hit the wall. She took a deep breath. "Oh my fucking God," she moaned while her body adjusted to this huge intrusion.
"How does that feel, Morgan? How does it feel to have your body wrapped around that monster?"
"It...it feels like it's hitting my fucking womb! I...I've never felt so full in all my life!"
The voice laughed. "It feels amazing, doesn't it?"
"It...it does."
"Good. Good. Now why don't you give it the good hard fuck you both deserve?"
"Mmmmm, yes. Okay," she groaned.
She leaned forward and slid back with a grimace.
"Ohmyfuckinggawd," she moaned. She repeated the slide. "Holy shit."
She bowed her head and, as her body became accustomed to the piece of wood impaling her, her glides grew longer and her speed picked up with both hands on the chair.
"Ohmagawd, yes. Yes. Ohmagawd, yes," she whirred. "Yes, that's it. Fuck me. Fuck me with that fat cock," she hissed.
She could feel it thump deep inside her.
The voice began to cheer her on. "That's it, Morgan. Fuck that cock like it's your personally play thing. Squeeze the skin right off of it."
"Yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes! Fuck me!"
The beast throbbed inside of her.
"Come on, Morgan, let that inner slut out. We wanna hear you scream while you cum around that fat fucking cock."
Her thrust became more deliberate. Her legs began to tremble. It was hard to breath.
"Ohmagawd! Ohmagawd, yes! Yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes! Ohmagawd! Ohmagawd! Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Yes! Yes! Guh! Guh! Nnnnnngggghhhh aaaaiiiiiyyyyyeeeee!"
A thunderous orgasm rolled through her body like a thunderstorm in the prairie. She banged her ass against the wall, driving the full length of the monster deep into her. Each throb of the mast inside her felt like a hand opening and closing and squeezing a huge hose. The room began to spin. Then her eyes flew open.
It felt as if someone had opened a fire hose inside of her. Each throb shot another hot load. She thought it might shoot out of her mouth.
"Oh fuck yes! Gimme that hot cum! Fuck yes! Give it to me! I want it all!"
She concentrated on squeezing the orb inside her as she rocked, trying to squeeze every bit of fluid from his tool.
The pounding inside of her finally slowed. She felt the staff slowly withdraw.
She bowed her head. "Holy shit," she panted.
"Did you enjoy that, Morgan?" asked the voice in her ear.
"I...I did."
"I knew you would. You didn't think about the fact you were cheating on your husband once during the entire event, did you?"
Her eyes flew open. She couldn't believe it. "No. No, I didn't."
"I knew you wouldn't. Do you know why you didn't?"
She thought about it. "No. No I don't."
"Because you were in control the entire time. Everything we did, from the time you walked out the door to when you fucked that huge cock was your choice. When was the last time had say in how and where you fucked?"
"I...I don't remember," she said with sadness in her voice.
"Exactly." The Voice paused. "You should go home and get cleaned up before your husband and son come home, don't you think?"
Her eyes flew open. "Oh my God! Yes! Shit!"
"Relax, relax. You've got plenty of time."
She stood up straight on wobbly legs and looked for her clothes.
"Ummm, thanks." She could feel her juices mixed with the massive deposit recently left inside of her beginning to run down the insides of her thighs. She remembered the splatter on her chin and throat. She scanned the room. "Is there, um, like, a towel or something around anywhere?"
"Go home and take a shower, Morgan."
"Wait...what? That's it?"
"You did well today, Morgan."
"Wait! Will...will I hear from you again? Or was...was this it?"
"Would you like for me to contact you again?"
Her mind was racing. "Yes," she said meekly. She couldn't believe it. She actually wanted to hear from him again.
"We'll talk soon, Morgan."
The line went dead.
"Shit!" she exclaimed. The word echoed off the walls.
She turned. The holes behind her were empty and dark. She walked back to the saddle and picked up her thong. It was still soaked. She dropped it back onto the floor and left it there. She threw her coat back on and wound her way back through the empty warehouse to the street.
It was an odd sensation walking out in the open wearing next to nothing while cum streaked down her silky thighs. But it was arousing and exciting at the same time. She watched each pair of eyes she walked past to see if they noticed her cum-coated throat. If they did, no one said a word.
She finally got home and did exactly as suggested. She climbed into the shower and let the warm water run across her body.
Will I hear from him again? Or has he had his fun with me? Do I even want to hear from again? I...I think I do! But why? Why do I find it so exciting? Why does the thought of hearing from him again make me so horny? Am I going crazy?!
Will Morgan hear from The Voice again? Will she get another package? Until next time...