My name is Dr. Christiana Swensen and I am the founder/director of the Swensen Sex Research Clinic in Stockholm, Sweden. My area of specialty is the study of the male reproductive system and the pathologies associated with the epididymides, vas deferens, bulbourethral glands, and the prostate. My research over the past seven years has been devoted to helping men with low sperm counts or ejaculatory problems achieve a more satisfying sex life for themselves and their partners.
In July of last year I formulated an oral medication in the form of a highly concentrated tablet called "EJAX-472". Most of the ingredients of EJAX-472 are derived from natural, organic foods that have been proven to strengthen the male reproductive system. These substances have been further enhanced by the addition of a genetically manipulated gene inherent in the plant, Secalecereale Phleumpratence, which has been shown to increase sperm production from anywhere between 100% to 300% in most subjects.
My initial tests with EJAX-472 were performed on male lab rats. After receiving an injection of the substance for several weeks, they copulated so frequently with the female rats that they had to be removed and put in separate cages. Even when the female rats were not present, the male rats would continue to copulate with any object in the cage. Three of my colleagues were present during these first experiments with the new drug and they were amazed at the energetic reaction it produced in the rat subjects. Subsequent tests revealed the following statistics in regards to sperm count and ejaculatory characteristics: (1) intense ejaculatory contractions; (2) increased orgasmic sensation and length of orgasm; (3) improved semen quality and sperm volume.
Once initial tests with the rats were concluded, it was time to test the drug on human subjects. We received applications from over 400 men, but during the selection process we had to eliminate many individuals for a variety of medical reasons. Ultimately, ten men were chosen to participate in the study, all of whom had a history of ejaculatory/sperm dysfunction. They ranged in age from 19 to 44 years and represented a cross section of various ethnic groups and lifestyles. Five of the subjects were single and five were married.
After all the men had received medical clearance from their personal physicians, I arranged to meet with them and their significant others at the Clinic. At 11:00 AM on May 22, two weeks prior to the experiment, the men, accompanied by their wives and one girlfriend, met with me and two of my assistants in the Clinic's conference room to discuss the particulars of the test. After introductions and pleasantries had been made, I began the conversation by explaining the details of the experiment and what was expected of the subjects.
"First of all, I want to thank all of you for coming here today. You gentlemen are going to participate in a very important study, which I hope will succeed in improving your sex life. I am going to address certain issues related to the test and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have regarding the nature of the experiment as we go along. I assume all of you have read the documentation related to the test study?"
Everyone nodded in general agreement.
"Good. That was provided to give you a general overview. But now I wish to address certain particulars of which all of you must be made aware. Don't worry. I'm not asking any of you to do anything contrary to your own sense of ethics. And should you find anything I say to be offensive or objectionable, you have the option to withdraw from the experiment. However, in order for this experiment to succeed, I will need your total compliance. Is that understood?"
A tall, black man whose name was Barney looked at his wife Janine and said, "Is that okay with you baby?"
"I have no problem with it so far," she said coolly.
The rest of the group silently nodded their acceptance.
"Okay. I'll keep it short and simple. For the next two weeks you ten gentlemen will be housed here at the Clinic and all your activities will be monitored. The EJAX-472 supplement will be administered twice daily—at morning and evening meals. Your significant others may visit you at any time but under no circumstances will you be allowed to engage in sexual relations. You must remain celibate and refrain from ejaculating or the validity of the test will be compromised. My assistants here will be checking up on you periodically to make certain that you adhere to the rules. Any attempt to flaunt these rules will be met with immediate dismissal."
"Why do they have to refrain from ejaculating doctor?" asked one of the wives with long brown hair.
"Remember that EJAX-472 is an extremely potent fertility drug. The two-week interval before conducting the test is to allow the concentration of the drug to build up in the bloodstream. Therefore, any attempt to ejaculate will lessen the drug's effectiveness and produce inaccurate test results."
Janine smirked. "If this drug is as powerful as you say it is, how you gonna keep my man from jerkin' off?"
Barney frowned at his wife's untoward remark.
"At this point I don't know what side effects to anticipate," I replied calmly. "The men may feel an overpowering need to masturbate or they may not. They may suffer with constant erections or they may not. As I told you, they will be constantly monitored."
"Are we going to end up like them rats Doc?" asked a man called Stuart. "You know, like humping the toilet seat or something?"
Everyone laughed at his humorous comment.
"I can't give you an answer because I don't know. To predict human reactions to the drug based upon tests with non-human subjects is extremely problematical. But rest assured that I and my staff are here to assist all of you and to make your experience as comfortable and pleasant as possible. Any other questions?"
"I have one," said Jeffrey, a handsome, blonde man in his early forties. "Are there going to be guys hanging around while we do our thing?"
"Is that a problem for you?" I asked.
"I would say that's gonna be a problem for most of us," Barney interjected.
"Really? So you're telling me that you're willing to be tested in front of a roomful of women but the presence of other men is going to make you feel uncomfortable?"
"That's it."
I shook my head. "Do all of you men feel the same way about this?"
All ten men expressed the same feelings of reluctance at having any other men present but themselves.
"All right. I'll see to it that in addition to the women now present, only females will be allowed to observe the experiment. Speaking of which, some of my colleagues at Stockholm University have expressed an interest in attending. I don't know how many people plan to come, but you could find yourself performing for a small crowd. Do any of you have any objections to that?"
"I don't care if there's a hundred women. Just don't invite any guys," said Jeffrey.
"No problem. I will also be asking for volunteers from the audience to assist in order to maintain objectivity and to avoid clinical bias. Is this acceptable to all of you?"
John Cardelli's wife, Ann, looked at me furtively. "Assist in what way?" she asked.
"Well, primarily with the manipulation of the subject's genitals."
"You mean masturbation?"
"Yes."
"I don't know if I like the idea of my husband being masturbated by some strange woman," she replied with dismay.
"I'm sorry," I replied, "but this was all spelled out to you in the contract that you and your husband signed. If you have a problem with it you'll have to talk it over with him and make a decision."
Ann looked at her husband with a look of supplication but he remained unmoved.
"Do what you have to doc," John said. "Just make us well."
Adam, a strikingly handsome nineteen-year-old, seconded John's wish. "Amen to that!"
"Just one thing," said Janine. "How you gonna get them chicks to give handjobs anyway? Ain't they all doctors?"
I found her rudeness offensive, but tried to address her question with equanimity. "Some are doctors, some are interns, and some represent various medical and scientific disciplines. All of these women have been made aware that their volunteering for this experiment is paramount to its success. So far, none of the women have shown any reluctance to give "handjobs," as you put it, "since their efforts can only serve to advance the boundaries of medical science. Does that answer your question?"
She looked down at the floor. "That's the damndest thing I ever heard!"
"Now baby, you knew all this coming in," Barney reprimanded his wife. "Why you gotta give the doctor a hard time?"
She continued looking down at the floor without answering.
"Well, if there are no other questions, we can adjourn. If you gentlemen will follow my assistant Rebecca, she will take you to your rooms."
The men dutifully followed my associate to their respective suites while my assistant, Maria, showed the women out.
After thinking it over for a while, I had to agree with the men's insistence upon having only a female audience present during the test. Due to the highly intimate nature of the experiment, and in order to encourage each subject's natural sexual response, I realized that the presence of strange males might affect the men's performance in a negative way. I therefore forbade any of my male colleagues from attending, and decided to utilize only the services of several of my female colleagues. The women would observe, take notes, and, if necessary, participate in the actual test. Some would be responsible for the logistics associated with seeing that privacy and security were maintained in order to give the subjects a comfortable and secure environment in which to perform. Two of my assistants would videotape the experiment using two cameras, so that the entire staff could review the tape for further study at a later time. I also contacted several of my female colleagues at Stockholm University and told them that they were welcome to attend the experiment and that they could invite whomever they wanted.
During the first week of the administration of EJAX-472, no anomalies were reported. But during the beginning of the second week, several of the men stared to complain of a "heavy" or "full" feeling in their scrotums accompanied by a strong desire to either copulate or masturbate to orgasm. This could imply that the drug was beginning to take effect, or it might simply have been a natural response resulting from a long period of sexual abstinence. It was during this period that two of the five unmarried men and two married men had to be dismissed for various reasons. One unmarried man simply became disinterested in the project and quit without further explanation. Another said he was tired of abstaining from sex and simply had to masturbate to relieve the pressure in his testicles. One of the married men told me that his wife had second thoughts about the whole thing and demanded he withdraw. The wife of another married man told me that on the night she had visited him, he demanded sex from her and she refused. They argued and she walked out, telling my assistant Rebecca that she thought her husband was going crazy. Rebecca entered the man's room to see if she could calm him down. She later told me that she heard a loud moaning sound coming from the bathroom. She opened the bathroom door just in time to see him climax into the toilet, shooting—as she whimsically put it—"huge wads of cum" into the air. Although I was disappointed to have lost four of my subjects, I was relieved to learn that no negative side effects or adverse levels of toxicity were observed further.
At precisely 9:00 AM on the day of the test, all six subjects walked into the lab room in their white frocks looking refreshed but a little nervous. The three wives and one girlfriend were there to greet the men as they entered. As arranged, all the men wore nothing underneath. A few of them looked at me with barely disguised lust in their eyes, which had a most disconcerting effect upon me. The women seemed a little anxious and asked me if the men were all right. I reassured them that everything was fine. Although I had no idea what to expect myself, I tried hard to exude an air of self-confidence, hoping this would allay some of the uncertainty they were experiencing. One of the unmarried men, whose girl friend had recently refused to take part in the experiment, jokingly told me not to worry, that he would take matters "into my own hands".
The ladies and test subjects were led into a suite of offices adjoining the lab where the men would wait until their names were called. I had arranged for the test to be conducted in one of the Clinic's smaller lab rooms, but was forced to use the larger lab room when more than 200 of my female colleagues and their guests showed up. I had not anticipated such a response but was overjoyed at the turnout nonetheless.
At one end of the lab was a large platform about a foot high, and on either side of the platform were doors leading out to the small suite of offices where the men were waiting. The rows of chairs formed a semicircle around the stage extending almost to the back of the room. It took a good forty-five minutes for the crowd to assemble. Many of the women in attendance I recognized as being some of the most esteemed doctors and scientists in Sweden. As they filed into the lab they talked in an animated fashion, fueled by professional curiosity and by the inherently prurient nature of the experiment.
It was almost 10:00 AM before the audience began to settle down. The cameras, and their operators, were in position and had already begun filming. Rebecca told me that all the test subjects were ready and awaiting my word to begin. I had ordered my assistants to cover the platform with protective layers of a thin, translucent plastic. I did this as a precaution: if the experiment was successful (as I hoped it would be), the platform would be saturated with sperm from each successive subject, and the plastic sheets would have to be removed for sanitary reasons. I also ordered that large glass beakers be placed upon the stage for the men to direct at least a few of their bursts of semen. This was done so that semen volume and sperm count could be calculated. Some of the women in the audience were seated precariously close to the platform, and although I did not want to see anyone's clothes soiled by a wayward stream of ejaculate, I almost wished it would happen as a testimonial to the success of my drug.
An air of expectation seemed to come over the audience as I walked onto the platform. I nodded to Rebecca, who gave instructions to several other assistants to prepare to take their place on the stage and await my orders. Some of the women in the audience were friends of mine and waved to me from their seats. In all they were a diverse group of doctors, scientists, geneticists, graduate students, and their guests. I felt proud to be addressing such a respected community of women professionals.
"Good-morning everyone," I said into the microphone, "and thank you for being here. Most of you know who I am, but for those of you who don't know me, I am Dr. Christiana Swensen, founder and director of the Swensen Sex Research Clinic. This is the first in a series of tests to be conducted on the efficacy of my new male fertility drug called 'EJAX-472'. The drug is still in its testing stages. To give you a brief idea of what results have been recorded with EJAX-472, I can tell you that, in tests done with male rats, orgasms would frequently exceed several minutes, resulting in abundant streams of sperm being exuded. The amount of active, non-deformed sperm contained in the rat's ejaculate was increased by amounts of up to 300 percent in some cases."
The audience's response to this last statement was exemplified by a sudden plethora of soft-spoken comments—some positive, some of outright disapprobation. I noticed that some of the women were quite young, maybe around 20 years old or so and were probably the daughters of some of my colleagues. Two of the younger women in the front row were whispering in each other's ears and giggling. One of these girls, a pretty blonde, was quickly chastised by a woman sitting in the seat to her right. The girl looked at me sheepishly and just as quickly looked away.
"As many of my esteemed colleagues know, there are many men who cannot father children because of a low sperm count due to various dysfunctions of the male reproductive system. Some of these men may be able to sustain an erection for a short period of time, or not at all, thus denying them and their partners an enjoyable and satisfying sexual relationship. It was my idea seven years ago to address this problem, and tonight you are all going to witness the results of my labors. Remember that this is only a preliminary test of a prototypical drug. I cannot guarantee the results. You are here because most of you are friends of mine, and I wanted you to be present should the experiment prove successful, which I hope it will. And now ladies, I am proud to announce the introduction of my new male fertility drug, 'EJAX-472'. I am now going to bring on the first of six subjects, all who have graciously offered their time and effort to assist me in my experiment. Thank you for your attention."
I turned to Rebecca. "Please escort the first of our subjects to the platform please."
I walked off the stage and stood several feet away to the left. Rebecca, my assistants, the six subjects, and their female counterparts, would now conduct the experiment for an enthralled crowd of curious, skeptical women. This was the moment I had been waiting for. If the test succeeded, I would have the support of the entire Swedish scientific community behind me. And in time, I would be able to market the drug after further refinements had been made. If the experiment turned out to be a failure, it could mean more years of research and experimentation. This was something I did not look forward to. As the first subject walked onto the platform accompanied by his wife, I wrung my hands in nervous anticipation.
"Our first subject," Rebecca said into the microphone, "is a white, married male of 44 years of age who suffers from erectile dysfunction. The subject complains of not being able to engage in intercourse due to his inability to maintain an erection. The experiment being conducted is to test the efficacy of EJAX-472 in aiding the subject in acquiring and maintaining an erection by increasing blood flow to the penis with subsequent discharge of semen. The subject's wife will assist in the demonstration."
The subject standing on the stage was Jeffrey Ames. In our earlier meeting, he had raised an objection about performing in front of men, but standing naked in front of a group of strange women did not seem to quell his apparent anxiety either. He looked at me and smiled, but I could tell that he was nervous. His wife Priscilla stood close to him as two of my assistants helped him to disrobe.
As the frock came off, the audience moaned in appreciation at the sight of his tanned and muscular six-foot frame. I myself had never seen any of the men naked, but I had to admit that he was a spectacular physical specimen. Rebecca asked him if he was all right and he replied in the affirmative. He seemed to appreciate the fact that he was being admired and this helped to restore his confidence somewhat. I noticed that the blonde girl and her companions were enjoying the show. They stared open-mouthed at the attractive man standing not more than several feet in front of them and giggled excitedly.
A portable recliner was moved center stage and my assistants had Jeffrey lie back onto the bed so that they could position him on a 45-degree angle facing the audience. They placed his hands and feet into the stirrups and motioned for Priscilla to come over and stand next to him. The recliner had been specially designed so that semicircular cutouts on either side of the bed could allow easy access to the subject's genital area. Priscilla now positioned herself to the left of her husband as Rebecca poured a modest amount of lubricating lotion onto his wife's hands.
"Kindly refrain from saying or doing anything that might cause the subject to become distracted," Rebecca said to the audience, but directing most of her remark to the talkative young girls in front. She then turned to Priscilla and instructed her to begin.
Priscilla was a tall, attractive brunette of about 40 years old. She seemed totally uninhibited, as if it were only she and her husband who occupied the stage. Her hands, now slick with the lotion, glided effortlessly over Jeffrey's flaccid penis. He sighed gently, and she, sensing he was starting to feel the first faint stirrings of arousal, whispered words of encouragement in his ears, hoping to put him at ease so that he could achieve an erection. I was close enough to hear her say, "I'm gonna make you shoot a great big load."
After several minutes of fondling and stroking, Jeffrey's penis did manage to become erect, to his wife's immense delight. At full mast it was only about five inches or so, but it was thick, and Priscilla had to use both her hands to effectively stroke him.
"Look ladies," Rebecca shouted excitedly. "The subject has achieved a full erection—something he has not been able to do for over three years!"
As the crowd cheered and applauded, Rebecca looked toward me and smiled broadly. As a woman who genuinely enjoyed giving handjobs, she watched Priscilla's deft hand motions with great interest, and it seemed to me that she wanted to take part in Jeffrey's masturbation. Priscilla seemed to notice this too and asked Rebecca if she would like to assist her.
"Do you mind?" Rebecca asked.
"He's gonna need all the help he can get," Priscilla replied. "Be my guest."
Rebecca moved to the right of Jeffrey and poured some lotion in her hands. She rubbed them together briskly and asked Priscilla to hold his balls while she stroked his shaft.
"How are you doing Jeffrey?" Rebecca asked as her right hand worked his penis up and down.
Jeffrey could only let out a grunt. His face was filled with the joy of pure lust and he seemed to be lost in another world. I was hoping this man was going to achieve an orgasm, and the look on Rebecca's face displayed the same determination I was feeling inside. I watched intently as her long blonde hair swayed back and forth in time with her hand motions. Because she was tall, she had to bend over a bit as she masturbated him, and her skirt rose high up, revealing her slender, lovely legs.
"I'm getting some pre-cum!" Rebecca suddenly announced.
A few of the women cheered.
Priscilla was so overcome with emotion at seeing how her husband was responding that she asked to sit down, and I quickly ordered my assistant Maria to help seat the woman. Priscilla looked at me with an expression of gratitude and then sat down a few feet from her husband, quickly joining the audience in cheering him on. I then ordered Maria to take Priscilla's place and she joined Rebecca in their mutual masturbation of the subject.
"I need some more lotion!" Rebecca requested.
At that, another of my assistants ran toward Rebecca with the lubricating fluid in her hands. While Rebecca continued stroking the now stiff and sperm-swollen shaft with her right hand, my assistant poured a generous amount of white liquid in Rebecca's left hand. Rebecca coated the shiny prick with the lubricant, which allowed her to increase her tempo. Some of the fluid dribbled over Jeffrey's bulging balls and Maria wasted no time in rubbing the stuff over his scrotum, teasing and pulling on his skin in an effort to force as much sperm into his sac as possible.
Priscilla watched Rebecca and Maria work on her husband with intense scrutiny. I sensed no disappointment in her face at her not being able to provide him with sexual relief. Rather, I judged by her contented demeanor that she was grateful to these two women for helping to resurrect her husband's latent sex drive. I knew that Rebecca secretly lusted after Jeffrey, but she was also a professional. She was here to do her job and having a handsome man to perform on was simply a fringe benefit.
I looked around the room at the sea of faces, all of them eager with anticipation. Several of the women in the back row had stood up to get a better view. It was then that I noticed the whole room had suddenly grown very quiet. Even the young girls in the front row stopped their chattering in order to witness what I hoped would be a stunning climax.
"How's it going ladies?" I asked, anxiously.
"He's getting close!" Maria exclaimed as she tugged repeatedly on Jeffrey's balls.
Jeffrey looked down at Rebecca's hands as they worked his tool mercilessly in their effort to extract the stubborn white liquid from his balls. Rebecca never stopped once. She was starting to perspire a little from all her efforts, but she never took her hands off the subject's glistening penis.
"You can do it Jeffrey!" Priscilla shouted to her husband.
The chant was taken up by the entire audience, and I began to experience that feeling one gets from achieving what many might call the impossible. I joined in with them, overcome with a sense of pride of accomplishment. Even if Jeffrey did not experience an immense ejaculation, the fact that he might have an orgasm at all was proof that the drug was working.
Rebecca ordered Maria to cup the subject's balls firmly with both hands as she pulled on him with a precise, consistent rhythm. Up, down, up, down, went her hand, never skipping a beat. At this point so much pre-cum was pouring out of the slit of Jeffrey's penis that no further artificial lubrication was necessary. Rebecca's handiwork was about to pay off.
Jeffrey started to moan uncontrollably and I noticed that he was on the verge of orgasm. Rebecca noticed it too and looked at me with a wicked grin.
"Watch Christiana! Watch ladies!" she cried out in delight.
I quickly moved next to Priscilla to witness the event. Priscilla felt my hand on her shoulder and I heard her say, "I can't believe it. He's finally going to have a fucking orgasm!"
Jeffrey's entire body went as stiff as his sperm-engorged prick. All he could manage to say was "Oh, my God!" as the effects of my fertility drug took complete control over him.
I watched in rapt fascination as Rebecca's long, slender fingers delivered their final teasing strokes. Her face was drenched with sweat, but it looked beautiful to me. For seven long years this woman had worked with me in the development of EJAX-472 and now, like me, she was going to reap all the benefits of those long years of labor. At that moment she looked at me and ran her tongue over her top lip from side to side in a lascivious manner. The expression on her face was one of ultimate satisfaction and unbridled lust.
"Here it comes!" she shouted.
For a brief moment, it seemed as if time were standing still, and a multitude of events were taking place around me—all in slow motion.
From the corner of my eye I saw the young blonde girl and two of her friends jump up from their chairs straining to see. Priscilla rose too, her body shaking with nervous excitement. I saw the shocked look on Jeffrey's face as he stared down at his cock with a mixture of rapture and disbelief, incapable of comprehending the magnitude of the event about to take place in the nether reaches of his tormented loins. Maria's laughing face came into view as she pulled away from the subject, anticipating an immense shower of white. Finally, I saw my assistant's hand move up from the base of Jeffrey's shaft, slowly, inexorably, the long fingers caressing and teasing the thick, tortured piece of flesh. I imagined her hands enticing the hot, fertility-drug-driven sperm up towards the opening of his shaft, the pressure building up to such a degree that an eruption of white, molten lust was now inevitable.
I was thankful that I had decided to videotape the entire experiment because I would later recall that I was too overcome with the excitement of the moment to count the number of shots Jeffrey's prick fired off as Rebecca brought him to orgasm. At last, the years of frustration, disappointment, and disillusionment were dispelled as the audience and I watched his cock release its store of pent-up sperm.
The first shot Rebecca coaxed from him I didn't even see because Priscilla momentarily blocked my view. The only way I knew something was happening was by the wild gesticulations coming from the women sitting in the front row who apparently had been the recipients of Jeffrey's lustful tribute. I saw the blonde girl wiping her face with her sleeve.
"Shit!" she shrieked. "Get me something!"
Despite their paroxysms of laughter, one of the girls sitting next to her managed to produce a handful of tissues and helped wipe the sperm off her face. One thick strand stubbornly clung to the side of her head and hung there obscenely. The place was in an uproar. One of the young girls held up her pocketbook, which was dripping with sperm. It seemed that the first spurt of cum had actually traveled more than ten feet! Some even landed in the lap of my good friend, Dr. Michelle Olson, who was sitting in the second row! She nearly jumped out of her seat.
Everyone was laughing uncontrollably, including Rebecca, who momentarily released Jeffrey's cock, taken aback by the tremendous cumshot. But Jeffrey was far from being done. The prick, now unmanned, reared back of its own accord and fired a random stream of hot pearly white goo about eight feet to his left, soaking Priscilla's hosiery and shoes.
"Yes, Jeffrey!" she exclaimed. "Shoot that fucking cum!"
Rebecca immediately wrapped her hands around the errant spurting cock and furiously jacked if off. To everyone's delight, the prick shot out three successive ropes of sperm about six feet in the air, forming a spectacular fleur-de-leis. I watched as the thick white paste momentarily held its shape and then break up into its constituent globs, splashing onto the protective plastic sheeting, creating several small puddles.
Maria stood a little behind Jeffrey, watching every spurt of his cock with wild-eyed wonder. She called out to me and pointed to the glass beakers. I, as well as everyone else, had forgotten completely about them! In the excitement, I had failed to have one of my assistants catch some of the ejaculate, which was vital for later analysis. Maria noticed the consternation in my face and raced forward to the center of the stage to retrieve the beaker.
"Hurry!" I shouted to her.
In her haste, Maria slipped on the sperm-coated plastic and fell backward, the beaker still in her left hand. The audience was howling. She immediately got up but not before a huge blast of sperm decorated her white lab coat from top to bottom, some even finding its way into her long black hair.
"Thanks a lot Rebecca!" she scowled as she managed to place the beaker over Jeffrey's squirting prick.
Rebecca continued the masturbation undaunted. Aiming Jeffrey's cock into the beaker, she managed to draw out a huge spurt of cum with every stroke. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight... Not all the shots landed precisely in the beaker, and Maria's hands, like Rebecca's, became completely saturated with sperm.
"We don't need it anymore," Rebecca told Maria. "Take it away!"
Maria hesitated. "But he's still shooting!"
"Who cares? Let him shoot!"
Jeffrey was incapable of responding. All the poor man could do was cry out in uncontrollable spasms of seething pleasure as he watched his prick surrender one massive load after another to the victorious manipulations of the blonde beauty. He was sweating profusely and his entire body seemed to have gone rigid, just like the unruly member that was being furiously fisted by the laughing vixen to his side.
Maria took the sperm-filled beaker and walked off the platform toward one of the smaller labs down the hall where the contents would be stored in a refrigerator for later analysis. By now, Jeffrey's orgasm was beginning to subside—one or two more short but intense ejaculations and his prick was finally drained of its volatile fluid. The ladies in the audience stood up and applauded as the exhausted and incoherent man was escorted off the platform along with his wife, who was so grateful that she kissed me on the cheek, thanking me profusely for restoring her husband's long-dormant libido. Rebecca looked a little tired but completely satisfied. She told the audience to wait a few minutes while the next subject was being prepared and she walked off the stage toward me, wiping her sperm-covered hands with a towel. "So, what do you think?" she said with a wide grin.
"You were amazing!" I said, giving her a big hug. "You gave that man back his sex life."
"No, EJAX-472 gave him back his sex life. I only gave him a little boost."
"Some boost. He squirted halfway across the room!"
We both chuckled.
"I couldn't believe it myself," she said stunned.
"What made you do it?"
"Masturbate him you mean?"
"Yes."
She pondered for a moment. "Well, he is gorgeous."
"Come on," I replied coyly, "his wife or one of our other assistants could have done it. Why you?"
"I think you know why Christiana," she said flatly. "I did it because I wanted to be the first one to help you achieve the success you so rightly deserve. You worked so hard for it."
"As did you."
"But I didn't invent the drug, you did. I only helped you in small ways. It's not the same thing." Rebecca paused for a moment. "You have accomplished a great thing Christiana," she said emphatically. "These men, and others like them, are going to kiss your feet and bless the day you were born for giving them back their sexuality."
"Sounds good Rebecca, but the experiment is not over yet."
"No, it's not. Which reminds me..." she said as she rolled the soiled towel into a ball. "I better go and wash this mess off my hands!"
"Okay," I laughed, "but hurry up. The second round is about to begin."
By this time my assistants had cleared away the top layer of plastic containing Jeffrey's residue and were preparing for the next subject. I noticed that the young blonde girl and her two friends had moved a few rows back from where they were sitting in hopes of avoiding another unfortunate incident. The other women in the front row seemed not to share their consternation and remained where they were, tissues at the ready. I wanted to greet some of my friends personally but decided to see how things went before doing so. Although the experiment was unabashedly voyeuristic in nature, it was still an experiment, and proper etiquette and professionalism had to be maintained.
"We're ready Dr. Swensen," I heard one of my assistants say.
It was Cheryl, one of the new lab staff who had been hired by me because of her wonderful academic record and dedication to the study of genetics. She was only 22 years old, but already I could tell she was going to go on to achieve great things. She had skipped several grades while in high school and then went on to graduate summa cum laude from Stockholm University. She was a petite girl, and very pretty, with smallish, delicate features and short black hair.
I saw Rebecca and Maria walking together toward the platform, both of them smiling politely to the women as they passed. As they approached, Maria stood next to me while Rebecca took her place once more on the platform. I nodded to her to begin.
"Thank you for your patience ladies," Rebecca began. "Our experiment will now continue with our next subject who is a 24-year-old Hispanic male who has never been able to have an orgasm. He is capable of attaining an erection for an extended period but is incapable of achieving climax. He has told us that he has experienced nocturnal emissions wherein a tiny amount of seminal fluid is present, but the penile contractions associated with a normal orgasm are nonexistent. Like all of our subjects, he has been taking EJAX-472 for the past two weeks, but has experienced no feelings of arousal sometimes associated with the drug."
Luis Ramon Hernandez was brought out onto the stage. He was a dark, good-looking man of medium build and possessed a somewhat aggressive manner. I could not imagine what was going on in his mind as he stood completely naked in front of all of us. I had studied his case history well and I found some anomalies that I couldn't account for. He claimed to have never experienced an orgasm, and if true, it must have been a terrible reality for a man with his machismo tendencies. He had told me himself that he had no trouble attracting women. He even had several short-lived relationships. But when the women discovered that he could not achieve an orgasm, they reacted with disdain. Arguments and recriminations followed and eventually they left him. Most of the women felt that his difficulty was due to either his apparent lack of desire for them, or that he must be a latent homosexual. The idea that the man may have had a serious medical problem never seemed to enter their heads. Despite this however, I could find no apparent physiological reason for his dysfunction. And after two weeks of examining him at the Clinic, I was convinced his problem was purely psychological.
"Our subject," Rebecca continued, "has requested that he perform solo masturbation as the means by which he will achieve orgasm. If this method should fail to produce results, he will be aided by one of our assistants."
"Are you ready?" Rebecca asked Luis.
"Yes," he replied with a hint of arrogance in his voice.
"Very well. You may begin."
Rebecca crossed the stage to join Maria and I. As we stood there watching the young man fondle his penis, I realized that Luis might have been looking for an excuse to perform in just this very way. I theorized that maybe a missing component was needed in order to bring forth an ejaculation; a component that had more to do with the mental stimulation of him being observed than with the potency of my fertility drug. I have always known that the mind/body connection was a powerful one: what one imagines in the privacy of one's thoughts is often manifested in the external world. Would two hundred pairs of female eyes provide the necessary impetus to get him off? Already I could see that he had sprouted a quite sizeable erection.
"I like his technique," Maria commented.
The ladies in the audience were making suggestive remarks, especially from the back rows where the young girls were sitting. Comments like "pull it for us baby," and "we wanna see you cum," filled the air. Luis continued to stroke his cock seemingly unperturbed by these lewd remarks. He had a nice-looking penis. It was about six inches in length but rather slender, with a large bulbous head.
"It looks so good I could suck it!" Rebecca blurted out.
Maria and I both looked at each other and laughed.
Luis stood center stage, barely moving except for his right hand, which was now rhythmically stroking his long stalk with a viselike grip. Cheryl stood a few feet away to his left, ready to catch a portion of his cum in one of the glass beakers she held in her hands.
"Is the drug working yet?" someone called out.
Luis looked out over the heads of the crowd but continued stroking without offering a response. He had now been erect for several minutes and I could tell he was getting nowhere. Another minute went by and then another. His stroking became frantic and it was evident that he was becoming frustrated.
"Give the guy a hand!" shouted a woman from the audience.
I looked at Rebecca.
"Please, I can't. My hands are really tired. Why don't you ask Cheryl? She's been prepped and she knows what has to be done."
I didn't want Cheryl to participate in this way because she was inexperienced and I was afraid she might falter, but she had always seemed so self-assured that I decided to take Rebecca's advice.
"Cheryl!" I called out to her. "Please take care of him."
She looked my way and nodded and then approached Luis. She whispered something into his ear but he just shook his head and started to walk off the platform. Cheryl quickly followed after him and said something that must have provoked him because he suddenly got angry and some heated words were exchanged. The women in the audience were starting to become annoyed by this unprofessional behavior and some negative comments were hurled at the stage. I really could not afford to have this man ruin my experiment. I told Rebecca to discuss the issue with Luis herself before the whole thing got out of hand, but before I had a chance to finish my speech, we heard a scream and watched in horror as Luis pushed Cheryl away from him, causing her to fall facedown on the platform.
The entire room fell silent. Rebecca and I rushed up on the stage and helped the girl regain her equilibrium. She wasn't hurt, just shaken. Luis just stood there holding his now limp member and waved it in my face.
"You lied to me," he said menacingly. "Your fucking drug doesn't work!"
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. This man, who had been so quiet and submissive during the past two weeks, now looked at me with absolute hatred in his eyes.
"It would work if you gave it a chance," Cheryl replied angrily. "She's trying to help you, you stupid jerk!"
Luis grabbed his white frock off the floor and draped it around him. He turned to the audience with a look of mendacity on his face.
"See ladies? It's all a lie," he began. "The drug is a joke, this experiment is a joke, and Dr. Swensen is a joke too. I'm outa here."
He turned to go.
"Please Luis," I pleaded. "We tried it your way, now let's try mine. I think I know what the problem is."
"No, I'll tell you what the problem is. This is all...all bullshit!"
"Everybody's reaction time is different. Don't you understand? You have enough EJAX-472 in your body to make you ejaculate from here into next week!"
"Forget it," he said with a smirk. It's a waste of time."
He started walking out toward the outer office, but I wasn't about to let him get away with such insolence.
"I'm warning you Luis," I called after him. "If you don't complete the experiment, you don't get paid."
He stopped and turned toward me. "Oh yeah? If you don't pay me, I'm gonna come back here and break every fuckin' thing in this place, including your head!"
Rebecca quickly moved in between the two of us and stared him down. "Hey asshole! Do you realize what you're doing? This woman is trying to restore that worthless cock of yours to health and you show your thanks by insulting her in front of all these people. Are you out of your mind or what?"
"Fuck you," was all he could say as he pushed her away.
Rebecca was livid. "Don't push me you son of a bitch!" she yelled, pushing him back.
Enraged, Luis grabbed her by the shoulders and shoved hard, causing her to stumble halfway across the platform before falling backward into the podium.
Having become aware of the tumult that was taking place on the stage, several of my assistants quickly rushed out to subdue the angry man. Actually, it was my colleague Lynette, a powerful, black Amazon of a woman standing in at six feet tall, who, with both hands, grabbed Luis by the throat and threw him down on the floor, pinning him under her foot. He groaned as she dug her heels into his back.
"You stay right there little man," she threatened, "or I'm gonna kick your sad ass in front of all these women!"
The ladies in the audience went wild, applauding Lynette's quick and efficient dismissal of the ungrateful, vulgar creature.
As my other assistants rushed in to assist Lynette, Maria, myself, and several others helped Rebecca to her feet. She was a little winded but not seriously hurt.
"That bastard has ruined everything," I said, my hands shaking. "These people are not going to take me seriously now. It's over."
"It's not over Christiana," Rebecca said. "That little fuck is just one man. We don't need him. I'll make our apologies to the audience and we'll get on with the experiment."
"Rebecca's right." Maria said. "If you stop the experiment now then it will really all be over."
"How?" I snapped. "How am I going to get him to do anything?"
Cheryl, who was still lying on the stage while the whole incident took place, looked at me with vengeance in her eyes.
"You should teach that stupid bastard a lesson!"
"Dr. Swensen?" Lynette asked. "What do you want me to do with this fool?"
Before I could answer her, a few of the women in the audience responded to her question by shouting: "Tie him up! Tie him up!"
The chorus of voices grew louder and louder as more women joined in the rant.
"This is turning into a circus." I said to Rebecca.
Soon the entire audience was shouting the same words in unison. They wanted to see this miserable guttersnipe pay for his cruelty, and I had to admit that I wanted to see him punished too.
"He's afraid, Dr. Swensen," Cheryl shouted over the incessant chanting. "His head is messed up, that's why he can't perform."
"What do you mean?"
"You said it yourself. He has enough of your drug inside him to populate the whole planet, but he's not going to give you your victory because that would make him look like a fool. He gave up too soon and now he wants to discredit you."
Her logic was dead on target. The little bastard had indeed given up too soon, and rather than admit that he had a problem, it was easier to blame my drug for his failure.
"Thank you, Cheryl," I said. "I knew I did the right thing when I chose you to be my assistant."
Her insight caused me to have a sudden burst of inspiration. I would make this little man pay for his crime, but in a way that would humiliate him and bring credibility to me.
"Rebecca and Maria, listen to me. I have an idea. Bring out the recliner right now."
The two women did as I asked as the audience kept up their chanting. The girls appeared a few moments later with the adjustable bed, which I had them place center stage in its normal horizontal position.
"Lynette, you and the rest of the women, please take Luis and place him on the recliner. Be certain to place his hands and feet in the stirrups and secure them firmly."
Luis cursed loudly and struggled to no avail. He was strong, but he was no match for five women intent on seeing him pay for his detestable behavior. They held him securely by each of his extremities as they laid him down on the recliner and strapped him in.
Lynette had removed his frock, leaving him naked and vulnerable. I ordered her to angle the recliner so that all the women in the audience had a clear view of him and then directed her and my other assistants to stand in close proximity in case anything should go wrong. Once the ladies in the audience saw that Luis was now helplessly tied up, they began to tease and taunt him. It was amazing to me to see these mature, professional women act so uncharacteristically uninhibited. They were on my side and I had no doubt that what I was about to do was anything but just retribution. I was going to humiliate this arrogant little man, and it would be a punishment he would never forget.
"What are you gonna do to me?" he asked, his voice breaking.
"I'm going to make you complete the experiment."
"How are you gonna do that you crazy bitch? Your fuckin' drug is useless!"
"No, it is not useless. You, on the other hand, are."
"I'm gonna fuckin' sue your ass!" he cried. "As soon as I get the fuck outa here I'm gonna call the cops and have this fuckin' shit hole closed down. You hear me bitch?!"
A chorus of boos greeted him from the audience.
"Listen, if you keep talking, I'm going to have to tape your mouth shut. And if you want to play hardball, I will tell the police that you assaulted two of my employees and threatened me with physical injury. Think about it. Whom are they going to believe? A lying little coward like you, or the director of this Clinic and a respected member of this community?
He struggled with his bonds, but they held him fast.
"You're forcing me into this," he screeched. "It's against the law!"
"Look at it this way, Luis," I said as I grabbed his balls and squeezed them firmly. "You either allow me to get rid of all that nasty white goop that has been clogging your brain for so many years, or I'll use my considerable influence to see that you spend the better part of your life behind bars. What's it going to be?"
"You'll never get me to cum," he said, his voice filled with hate.
"We'll see."
He looked at me with defiance but said nothing. It was going to be a war of wills: his against mine. But I was determined to win and was prepared to use every trick at my disposal. I would not be made a fool of—by him or anyone else. I was certain now that his problems were rooted in some deep psychosis, which prevented him from experiencing an orgasm in front of a woman. Maybe he felt it was dirty or unmanly to ejaculate, and that's what kept him from enjoying normal sexual relations. Some of his earlier statements revealed that this was certainly possible. Whatever his problem was, I was confident that my drug would overcome his mental block and allow me to regain some credibility in the eyes of my colleagues.
As I looked down at him, now resigned to his fate, I felt somewhat wicked in carrying out this scheme of mine, which was totally inappropriate considering the circumstances. But this feeling ebbed as I looked at the multitude of anxious faces that were patiently waiting for me to speak. Behind me stood Rebecca, Maria, Cheryl, and several other assistants. Lynette and her group were lined up immediately beside me in case they were needed. Seeing that Luis was securely fastened and now rather quiet, I began to speak.
"Ladies, I am very sorry for this terrible incident. It was unavoidable."
"We're with you Christiana!" one of my colleagues shouted from the back row. "Give the bastard what he deserves!"
The rest of the crowd affirmed this declaration with a deafening roar.
"This man is most certainly going to pay. But in such a way as to prove the viability of my drug."
"What are you talking about Christiana?" Rebecca asked.
"Be patient, you'll see. Cheryl, get a bottle of lube for me will you please?"
As Cheryl went to retrieve the bottle, I continued my speech.
"The truth, ladies, is that this particular test subject has not been honest with me. In fact, he has accused me of perpetrating a fraud with respect to my fertility drug and has threatened me and my associates with physical violence, as you just recently witnessed. In light of this, I offered him a choice: either submit to the test or I'd have him arrested and put in jail for aggravated assault. He wisely chose to submit."
I turned my head to look at Luis.
"Go fuck yourself!" he said under his breath.
"The patient has a long-standing mental aberration in which he believes it is repugnant to have a woman see his semen. He never intended to masturbate himself to orgasm in front of you, but I believe he would have experienced an orgasm despite himself had he not discontinued masturbating so soon. It is clear to me that he only participated in this study to earn some easy money and to make me look like a fool. So now, without further interruption, I am going to call on one of my assistants to begin his masturbation."
Cheryl rushed up with the bottle of lubrication fluid just as I finished speaking. "Let me do it, please. I want to make him cum!"
Her eyes were filled with a mixture of revenge and desire.
"Let her do it Christiana," Rebecca said. "It will serve the asshole right."
"I'm not cumming for you bitches!" Luis screamed. "Nothing you can do will make me cum!"
"Go ahead." I instructed her. "Let's see what he's been hiding all these years."
"No!" Luis protested.
Cheryl bent over the recliner and stared Luis right in the face.
"When I'm done with you the ceiling is going to be dripping with your filthy seed!"
In a very deliberate and ladylike fashion, Cheryl poured a generous amount of lube over the subject's cock and balls. The coolness of the liquid made Luis wince and that made Cheryl smile. She then turned to the audience and held up a pair of surgical gloves, which she had in her pocket. She then proceeded to put the gloves on and then said to Luis in a mocking tone: "I don't want to get any of your stuff on me. I hope you don't mind."
"You ain't gonna get nothin' from me you little bitch!" he retorted.
"Oh, yes I am. You just watch," she said with an evil grin.
She began to rub the lotion into his genital area, paying close attention to his penis. So as not to obstruct the audience's view, she had the metal connector plate removed from the area between his legs and was thus able to masturbate him without any inconvenience to herself. The audience was quiet as she continued her rigorous manipulations upon his manhood. Cheryl took advantage of this period of quiet to begin taunting her subject.
"So, you don't like to have anybody see your cum. Is that right Luis?"
There was no response.
"Come on, Luis," Cheryl insisted. "Tell everybody that you're ashamed to have an orgasm."
"I'm not ashamed," he said in a low voice.
"Oh, yes you are! You're lying again."
I watched as her gloved hands tugged on his penis. It was an unusual technique. As she stroked his shaft with one hand, she brought her other hand up and over in order to keep in constant contact with his skin. After several minutes of this, his cock began to swell.
"Look at this ladies, I think he's getting an erection," she said proudly.
Sure enough, her skillful hands were bringing about the desired result. Luis struggled a little bit, trying to prevent his cock from becoming erect, but his penis was now under Cheryl's control and there was nothing he could do but observe her lewd manipulations with an ever-increasing fear.
"You're getting him real big now Cheryl," Rebecca observed. "His head's getting all purple."
"What do you think ladies?" Cheryl asked the audience. Is this a great-looking cock?"
Cheryl pointed the now stiff prick toward the crowd, seeking their approval.
"You need to make it bigger!" said the young blonde who had once again moved up to the first row to be closer to the action.
"I can do that!" Cheryl replied.
Seeing that her grip was becoming kind of taught, she put more lotion on Luis' tormented penis and began stroking him really fast.
"Take off the gloves," Maria suggested. "You'll get better results."
"Do as Maria says," I ordered.
"Yes, doctor," Cheryl replied.
She removed the gloves and threw them under the recliner, leaving Luis' turgid prick to sway freely in the air. I was afraid that his unattended member might start to shrink in the cool air of the lab. However, Cheryl wasted no time in getting back to business, applying still more lotion directly to her hands in order to warm them up for yet another round of teasing.
As I watched her minister to Luis, I noticed that my sister Bonnie had entered the lab. She walked briskly up to the stage carrying a small pocketbook in her hands. Bonnie, who had just returned from a trip to America with her husband, was a few years older than me and owned her own fashion business in downtown Stockholm. She looked radiant in her low-cut white satin blouse and black skin-tight leather slacks. Her hair was blonde and cut short, framing a pretty face that had become tanned from weeks of lying in the sun. As a result, the freckles on her cute, turned-up nose stood out more prominently and her blue eyes shone with the energy derived from a vacation well spent. I walked off the platform and threw my arms around her.
"Oh my God! What are you doing here?"
"Hi sis!" she said excitedly. "Did you miss me?"
"Of course I missed you! You look great!"
"I got in a few hours ago and called your secretary. She told me what was going on and I came by to make sure you were okay. What happened?"
"I'll tell you about it later. That's the guy who tried to ruin my experiment," I said pointing to Luis. "My assistant is trying to get him to have an orgasm."
"Are you kidding?" she asked incredulously.
Bonnie moved in front of me to get a better look.
"Holy shit!" she exclaimed. "This is incredible! I had no idea this is what you do here. And all these women came to see this?"
"It's part of the test I told you about. Everything was going just fine until this idiot lost it."
"What did he do?"
"He went nuts. Pushed a few of my assistants around and made several threats. He even threatened me. We managed to subdue him and now we're trying to force an ejaculation out of him but he just won't cum."
Bonnie found this highly amusing. "Really? He looks like he's about ready to burst."
"That's the problem. This guy can maintain an erection forever without ever ejaculating, and I need him to in order to prove that my drug works. He's got some weird stuff going on in his head."
Bonnie continued to stare, studying Cheryl's every movement as if seeking to find a solution.
"I think the problem is in his other head," she remarked.
"What are you talking about?"
"Well, just look at the way she's going at him. Most guys I know would be shooting their loads after a handjob like that. The fault is definitely not with her."
I frowned. "Thanks, I kind of got that impression on my own."
"Has to be him, absolutely."
"Bonnie, what am I going to do?" I asked impatiently.
My sister raised one of her long, sinewy arms to brush back a lock of hair from her face.
"Do you remember years ago when I dated this guy—Alex I think his name was—who had an impotence problem?"
"You dated hundreds of guys Bonnie. Who could keep track?"
"I know. I'm such a slut," she admitted freely.
"And from what you told me about your so-called 'vacation,' I'd say you still are."
"I have a very strong libido Christiana, and I like to be in control."
We were getting off the subject. "What about this guy Alex?"
"I'm surprised you don't recall. I'm sure I told you about him. He suffered from a low sex drive.
"That's not uncommon."
"But I discovered a way to help him."
"You discovered a way?" I asked, intrigued. "How did you do that?"
"Well, his problem was both mental and physical. He was embarrassed about jerking off in front of me—whacko right? But the other thing I discovered was that the little piece of skin under his cock..."
"Under the glans," I said, interrupting her.
"Right," she continued. "The little piece of skin was desensitized and therefore he couldn't get off. I think your boy here has the same difficulty."
I shook my head in disbelief. "In all my years as a sex research scientist, I have never heard of such a thing."
"Just because you haven't heard of it doesn't mean it can't exist!" Bonnie said, staring at me disapprovingly. "Jesus Christ. I know about it...and so do my friends. Don't you read about these things in your medical journals?"
"No, Bonnie. I've been so busy developing my fertility drug that I don't have the luxury of reading every damn medical book that gets published. I guess I've been preoccupied with this project for too long. I'm sorry."
"Hey sis," she said smiling, "there's nothing to be sorry about. You're doing a wonderful thing here by helping out these guys."
"Thanks, but you still haven't told me how you fixed his problem."
"It was simple," she said proudly. "I gave him a blowjob."
I almost laughed in her face. "A blowjob?"
"Why are you looking at me like that?" she asked somewhat perturbed. "Yes, a blowjob. It's much more effective than a handjob."
"This I've got to hear."
"There's nothing mysterious about it actually. One night I was feeling very randy and I took down Alex's pants and started to give him a blowjob in the theater."
"You've got to be kidding! In the theater?"
"We were sitting in the last row," she replied innocently. "Now Alex could masturbate for hours on end and never cum, so I figured I would just give him some pleasure and that would be it. Well, let me tell you, I was going down on him for less than a minute before he got as stiff as a board. When he started to cum I took him out of my mouth and jerked him off. He shot about a quart of jism all over the seat. He was so shaken up that we had to sit through part of the same movie before he felt strong enough to walk. From then on, I always sucked him off during sex."
"Incredible. But why do you think your mouth worked when your hands didn't?"
"Why do you think? Because the mouth and tongue are so much more sensitive than the hands. When I had his prick in my mouth I could not only keep it nice and warm, but I could also control him better. It didn't matter if that little piece of skin didn't work so well. Nothing can beat a blowjob for getting a man to cum. Period."
"Are you sure about this?"
Bonnie chuckled. "Christiana, you're so naïve! Let's just say I've never been disappointed yet."
Knowing my sister's predilection for sex in all its myriad manifestations, I decided to take her word for it.
"Listen," I said. "I have to get back up there. Why don't you take a seat and enjoy the show.""I'd love to. Thanks sis."
I had one of my assistants place a chair close to the stage so that Bonnie could get a good view of the proceedings. I could tell that despite Cheryl's efforts, she was, as yet, unable to get Luis to cum. All her manipulations and suggestive remarks were proving to be ineffective, and I was beginning to fear that the arrogant bastard would win this game of wills. But Bonnie had given me an idea. If her story was true, all I needed to do was to get someone to give this guy a blowjob. After all, I had nothing to lose at this point. The trouble was, who was going to do it?
I realized that Cheryl was now getting tired and the audience was growing impatient. Knowing Cheryl as I did, I knew she could never even think of getting her mouth anywhere near Luis' prick. I asked both Rebecca and Maria if they would fellate him but they both flatly refused. Even when I pleaded with Rebecca, she still said no.
"How can you ask me that?" she said, amazed that I could even think of it. "After what he did to me! No way. I'm not going to suck that little worm of his."
Maria refused outright.
I asked every one of my assistants and they all refused too.
What was I to do? I could not force my employees to do anything they found objectionable. I obviously could not do it, nor did I want to. Seeing that I was out of options, I decided to appeal to the women in the audience.
"Ladies, it has now been ten minutes and the subject has still not ejaculated. He obviously has a special condition that will not allow him to orgasm by hand manipulation alone. Therefore, I am going to ask someone from the audience to come to the stage and administer oral stimulation to the subject. You will not only be doing a great service for medical science, but you will also be paid handsomely for your efforts. Well? Anybody?"
I searched the room in vain to see if anyone would come up, but no one did. After a few moments of uncomfortable silence, one of my colleagues in the front rows stood up and said: "Some of us have our reputations to uphold Dr. Swensen. You'd better call it off."
Cheryl stopped stroking Luis' penis and looked at me with a look of defeat in her eyes. I saw Luis smile then; a hateful smile that made me want to kick him in the balls. I looked at Rebecca and she just lowered her head and stared at her feet. Maria could not even look me in the face. There's was only one thing left to do.
"Okay," I said, my voice faltering, "I know when I've been beaten. This experiment is over."
Shouts of disapproval echoed throughout the room. I looked at Michelle and I could tell that she felt sorry for me. Several other women expressed their disappointment but no one was willing to help me. The young blonde girl came forward and I thought for a moment that she was going to accept my invitation, but all she did was shout in Luis' face that he was an "asshole" and walked away. It seemed that all was lost. I couldn't believe that the little son of a bitch had outguessed me.
"Wait!" cried a woman from the front row.
I thought I recognized the voice and, sure enough, it was Bonnie. In a matter of seconds I watched as my sister sprang out of her chair and ran up onto the stage.
"What are you doing?" I asked surprised.
"I'm going to save your ass."
"Are you crazy? You can't do this!"
"Watch me."
What about your husband?" I protested.
"My dear little sister. Your career is at stake here. Seven years of research is at stake here. The fate of EJAX-47...whatever...is at stake here. And you can't afford to throw it all away because some guy won't give up his fucking sperm! I won't let it happen. Now tell your assistant to keep on jerking that cock of his and I'll do the rest."
"But what about Philip?"
She guffawed. "Philip does what I tell him. Or haven't you yet learned how to control a man?"
With that she walked over to the recliner where Luis was lying, more confident than ever that he was going to deny everyone from his seeing his precious white seed.
"You've had it buster," Bonnie said threateningly. "You're not going to ruin my sister's career. Get ready to give it up!"
"Who the fuck are you?" he asked astonished.
"Your worst nightmare!" she replied.
Bonnie turned to Cheryl. "Is he still hard?"
"Not quite."
"You just keep masturbating him nice and easy and I'll do the rest. Okay?"
"Whatever you say."
Bonnie had Cheryl change positions with her so that Bonnie would have complete access to Luis' cock. Cheryl moved to the side of the recliner and faced the audience. She positioned herself so that the everyone could see her hands work their magic on Luis. In a short while the angry young man was once again hard as a rock. Bonnie saw that he was ready and she began to put some lipstick on her mouth. I didn't realize it then, but it was a special kind of lipstick that porn actresses use when they want a little lubrication to help get a guy off. I think Luis must have known this because he began squirming again and started cursing Bonnie in Spanish.
"I really think we need to relieve you of some of your nasty sperm. Maybe then you'll be a much nicer guy."
Cheryl continued to masturbate him until Bonnie told her to stop.
"Okay Cheryl, I want you to hold his cock at the base with one hand, and his nuts with the other. If he bucks, squeeze his balls until he stops. I don't want him cumming in my mouth."
Cheryl shook her head in agreement.
"We're going to give him a combination handjob and blowjob, but don't start stroking him until I tell you. Understood?"
"I'm ready," she said, as she placed her hands in position.
Bonnie put the special lipstick away and addressed the audience. "Ladies, you are going to witness something amazing here today. Watch and learn."
Some of the women in the audience were so curious as to what was going to happen that they moved closer to the stage, blocking the view of those in the back. Ultimately, I was forced to have them all stand and approach the stage 'en masse' to witness the event. When Luis saw the crowd of women gathering around him, he began to pull on his straps a little too much for my liking, so I told Lynette to hold his arms down. I then instructed Rebecca and Maria to each take hold of one of his legs, thus effectively immobilizing him. I did not want my sister's performance to be compromised in any way now that my very credibility as a scientist was at stake. Bonnie looked at me and said she was ready. I instructed her to begin.
Bonnie did one final check to make sure that everyone and everything was in place. She gave Luis a wickedly seductive smile and then stuck her tongue out and moved it back and forth across her upper lip suggestively. She once more told Cheryl to hold his prick steady and then she lowered her head down to Luis' erect penis and opened her mouth wide. Luis gasped in horror as she slowly worked her mouth down his shaft until she had enveloped his hefty six-inch prick completely. This drew a collective moan from the women. I myself had never seen a woman deep throat a guy before and I was fascinated that she could manage to accommodate that much meat in her small, delicate mouth. I reckoned that her husband must have appreciated this talent and wondered what he would say if the knew his wife was giving some strange man a blowjob in front of half of the Swedish medical community.
The whole nature of my experiment was beginning to take on a surreal element that I could never have anticipated. My sister's sexual preferences had always bordered on the kinky. I knew she loved sex, but her promiscuity was something I never could accept. Yet, despite this apparent flaw in her character, I admired her free-spiritedness and her wonderful spontaneity. She liked to be in charge and she loved dominating men. Any man was fair game as far as she was concerned. And now she was utilizing her unique talents to help me. I could only love her for it.
I watched in amazement as Bonnie's head bobbed slowly, rhythmically, up and down on Luis' swollen shaft. She kept her tempo steady and never once removed him from her mouth. Sometimes she would allow her tongue to work the underside of his glans, holding just the tip of him in her mouth for a few moments, and then slowly close her Vaseline-coated lips over his cock to absorb the full length of him. The other women looked on in delicious fascination, admiring her superb cock-sucking technique. Even Rebecca, who prided herself on being an accomplished fellatrix, seemed impressed. I noticed that the blonde girl and her two companions had maneuvered their way to the front of the line and were exchanging heated comments about what they were witnessing.
Oddly, despite my dislike for the man who was now lying naked and vulnerable before me and totally under my sister's control, the whole scene started to provoke in me powerful feelings of lust. Seeing Luis' big prick being fondled and caressed by Bonnie's expert mouth made me silently wish that it were I, and not her, who was doing the sucking. For a brief instant I thought of taking my sister's place, making my victory over the little man complete. But my inhibitions got the better of me and I settled for watching her conduct her humiliation of him from the stage.
Five minutes had gone by and I was beginning to get worried. Luis had been completely silent during Bonnie's assault on his cock and I believe he was trying to concentrate on preventing an ejaculation. Finally, Bonnie raised her head off his penis and looked at me with a smile on her face.
"Hey sis, I think we got some pre-cum!"
I was elated. All the other ladies gave a big cheer and encouraged Bonnie to continue her oral stimulation. Over and over her lips glided over his erect and now sperm-swollen tool, her head bobbing faster and faster with increased excitement, determined to suck every last ounce of juice from his reluctant prick. At this point I felt it was my obligation to warn the ladies not to stand too close to Luis.
"You may want to stand back everyone. There is no telling what kind of effect the drug will have on the subject. It is possible he will merely experience a normal ejaculation, considering his condition, or it may produce something unpredictable. I give you fair warning."
My words must have fallen on deaf ears because no one moved an inch. They were all too absorbed in Bonnie's spectacular blowjob to really care. They, like I, just wanted to see the little fuck explode. Let the sperm fall where it may. I thought the blonde girl, having previously been showered with cum from the first test, would have moved behind the others, but she simply stood where she was, trying, with her friends, to predict the precise moment of ejaculation.
Luis' face was beginning to take on a strange aspect. It almost seemed as if he were in great agony judging by his facial contortions. At times I saw him shut his eyes tightly in a seemingly useless effort to block the visual sensations of the blowjob from his mind. As he could not move any other part of his body, his odd expressions were the only way I could determine his current physical state. He was breathing very heavily now, and tried to thrust his penis upward into Bonnie's mouth. Anticipating this, Cheryl's hold on his balls tightened, preventing him from seeking release this way. As Bonnie's mouth began its upward ascent on his shaft, she gave Cheryl the sign to begin masturbating him once again. Cheryl held his bulging sac with one hand and gripped the base of his cock with the other, stroking in time with Bonnie's incessant up and down movement on his prick. Her hand now joined Bonnie's mouth in glorious synchronization, adding even more intensity to the combined blowjob/handjob.
"It won't be long now, Dr. Swensen!" Cheryl exclaimed.
Bonnie's head was bobbing up and down at an extremely rapid pace now, and Cheryl's tiny but strong hand accompanied each up and down thrust. The look on the other women's faces began to exhibit immense anticipation. They knew that it was only a matter of moments before Bonnie's efforts would finally pay off, and they would be witness to something spectacular.
"Look at his sac!" said the young blonde girl. "It's getting really big!"
"He must have several gigabytes of sperm in there!" said another girl.
The entire crowd exploded with laughter.
Sensing that Luis' orgasm was now inevitable, I had the two camera women move in closer to capture the event from different angles. I knew that a lot of my female friends who could not attend the experiment would be dying to see the video, and I did not want to disappoint them.
Looking at my sister unabashedly displaying her power over the little bastard, now feebly crying out for release, made me proud. I felt a tremendous sense of exhilaration in the total subjugation and humiliation of this incredibly ungrateful man who dared to undermine all my years of patient, painstaking research to give men such as him the opportunity for living a normal life. "Fuck you, Luis," I thought. "You're going to get what's coming to you."
The whole atmosphere in the room was becoming electric. I could feel the energy coming off the platform from all those female bodies acting in unison, demanding, insisting, to see what it was that Luis refused to share with the outside world. A few of the women starting taunting him, calling him a fool and a pervert. One of them even stuck her breasts in his face—to everyone's enjoyment. But Luis was beyond caring now. He didn't hear their constant invective because all he could comprehend was Bonnie's beautiful profile rising up and down on his tortured shaft, her short blonde hair tickling his lower abdomen every time her face made contact with his pubic hair. And he watched in total surrender as Cheryl's thin, delicate fingers coaxed his manhood upward into Bonnie's waiting mouth, her manicured red nails gently digging into his cock, tensing and releasing the tormented flesh with hard, fast strokes until thick rivulets of pre-cum stared to escape from the corners of Bonnie's mouth.
At some point I remember Bonnie looking up at me and giving me a "thumbs up" sign, indicating that his ejaculation was imminent. I thought she was going to release him from her mouth then, but her oral onslaught continued. I think she wanted to make sure that he was actually spurting before she withdrew her mouth from his cock. I knew Bonnie did not particularly like the taste of semen, but I think she was going this extra mile on my account, and I had to admire her for it.
Cheryl's jerking fist was a blur as it traveled the length of Luis' sperm-clogged prick.
"So Luis," she said mocking him, "you thought you'd push me around huh tough guy? Well look who has the upper hand now!"
And to accentuate her point, she jerked her hand faster, even as Bonnie was drawing away.
"We're all watching now, you sad excuse for a man. Cum for us. Shoot your load you pathetic little fuck!"
His cock now freed from Bonnie's mouth, Cheryl grabbed the tip between her thumb and forefinger and delivered several short, quick strokes. Bonnie's head was only inches away from his penis and I could see that she was wiping some small traces of cum from her face. It seemed to me that she had inadvertently swallowed a few drops of sperm just before releasing his prick from her mouth.
Just then Michelle, who had been trying to getter a better view, nudged her way beyond the woman in front of her, and stood right over Luis.
"I want to see this," she said transfixed.
Sensing that Luis was now on the verge of coming, Cheryl heightened her attack; giving every last ounce of strength she had in the effort to force Luis to surrender his creamy load.
As for Luis, his body was as taught as a coiled-up spring. The only thing alive was his cock, now on the verge of betraying him by surrendering the sperm that he had, for many years, kept from the sight of women. Now, the whole world would see him cum. The build up of the drug in his system was ready to kick in, and his entire reproductive system, now bathed in the potent chemical, would give his penis the added impetus it would need to help bring his ejaculation to its fullest potential. The drug had done its work.
"Ha!" I heard Cheryl scream, as she quickly ducked her head down. I saw a stream of white shoot about a foot over her head, and this was followed by a series of exclamations from each of the women in turn as I followed their mutual gaze up toward the ceiling. I watched in utter astonishment as a thick, white jet of sperm splashed eight feet up into the air to ricochet off the air-conditioning duct, resulting in a resplendent display of milky dots and dashes. I could not believe the quantity of it. Strangely enough, Cheryl herself remained unscathed, but Bonnie and Michelle were soaked with cum, as were most of the other women who were standing close to Luis. As most of the sperm found its way back down onto the women, some of them retreated in panic, but most just stood there in pure astonishment waiting for the show to continue.
They didn't have to wait long.
Much to Cheryl's surprise and everyone else's, Michelle grabbed Luis' prick from the young girl's hands and began milking him herself. She had a look of wild abandon in her eyes, something I would never have suspected from her otherwise demure and polished demeanor. On her upstroke, Luis' penis, now excited and teased beyond all endurance, surrendered another long creamy load of sperm, which flew directly across the room and straight into the hair of the young blonde girl.
"Oh fuck!" she cried as her friends screamed with laughter. "I cant' believe it! Twice in one day!"
All the women were in hysterics. I was laughing so hard myself that I nearly lost my footing and had to grip the podium to maintain my balance. I did not want to miss one second of this incredibly lascivious entertainment.
Michelle had turned into a wild woman. Seeing my sister's wanton reactions, she grabbed Bonnie by the hand and asked her join in on the masturbatory fun, placing my sister's hands on Luis' excited tool and then placing her own hands over Bonnie's. Caught up in the wild frenzy of the moment, Bonnie quickly responded by helping Michelle masturbate the startled man, the two pairs of hands teasing the swollen cum-filled prick until it was ready to shoot yet another massive string of white paste. The two of them seemed drunk with lust.
"Ready?" Bonnie said to Michelle, as both women momentarily gripped Luis' prick at its base. "Watch this ladies!" she exclaimed.
In an instant my experiment had somehow turned into a spectacle, as every woman's eyes were fixated on Luis' pulsating cock.
"One! Two! Three!" the two women sang as each count off was accompanied by a hard upward pull on the sensitive shaft. On the third upward stoke, Luis cried out as the two women's hands forced his prick to release another outstanding series of cumshots. Cheryl caught the first of these blasts square in the face, and she shrieked with disgust, somehow managing to run away before getting hit again. The other two ropes of ejaculate flew up into the air and landed somewhere behind them. As the last of the three shots disappeared behind the wall of women, yet another round of sperm found its way out of Luis' agitated cock. I watched as Michelle and Bonnie played with his continuously spurting prick, laughing like wicked schoolgirls, working it hand over fist until their combined efforts coaxed another several huge shots out of him, all fired in rapid succession. All they could do was watch open-mouthed at the quantity of sperm that sailed over their heads and into the crowd. Both women's hands were now drenched in cum, and they played with the sticky fluid as though it were hand cream, using the lubrication it provided to continue their assault.
Luis himself looked paralyzed and his body was as stiff as the penis that had betrayed him. For a moment it looked as though he might be done ejaculating, but the drug I had created had provided him with almost superhuman capabilities in manufacturing the sticky white goo that was being so wonderfully displayed for the amusement of the women. It wasn't over yet.
I noticed that as soon as Luis had started to cum, Lynette, Rebecca, and Maria had wisely taken my advice and moved near me and out of harm's way. Unfortunately for Lynette, she hadn't moved far enough away and her entire suit had gotten bathed in sperm. I saw her run out of the room towards the bathroom leaving Rebecca and Maria in fits of laughter.
"Can you believe this?" Rebecca said, her expression reflecting our astonishment as we watched Luis fire off yet another pearly volley of cum into the air.
"I don't think he's done yet," I said.
I was soon proven correct as my two friends and I watched Bonnie and Michelle provoke another dozen or so explosive orgasms, the streams of sperm shooting in all directions like the finale of a July Fourth fireworks display.
"Where the fuck is it all coming from?" Rebecca exclaimed, unable to stop looking at the constant rivulets of white shooting high up into the air.
"Amazing!" was all Maria managed to say.
Bonnie and Michelle started to slow down their attack as Luis' orgasm started to wane. Both women were tired but exhilarated over their triumph over the little bastard and his now limp penis.
"You won Christiana," Rebecca said cheerfully. "You really humiliated him!"
"Yes," Maria agreed. "We taught that little shit a lesson didn't we?"
All I could do was smile.
Luis lay on the bed in a dazzled condition, drenched in the aftermath of his own lust. Michelle and Bonnie said some insulting things to him and both left to wash their hands. I had several of my assistants wheel Luis into the back office where he was told to clean up and get out. Within a half hour he was back on the streets clutching the money I had promised him. No one said a word to him as he left and I don't think he wanted to see any of us. I was a bit concerned that he might institute a lawsuit against me, but being the little coward he was, I didn't think he had the nerve to go through with it. Especially as there were over two hundred witnesses who were ready to support me in my defense. In truth, I was glad to be rid of him, but he did get me thinking as to what might be the ultimate level of my drug's potential. With the next subject waiting to appear, I decided to put this theory to the test.
During the short interval following Luis' exit from the stage, I had a chance to meet some of the ladies in the audience and was delighted to learn that none of them thought my humiliation of the man was anything but justified. One girl, a graduate student who was enrolled in the biogenetics program at Stockholm University, told me that she had enjoyed seeing Luis being dominated that way.
"You had total control over him," she said ardently. "Totalcontrol! It was great!"
Another woman congratulated me on the fine performance of my drug. "I've never seen a man climax like that in my life. You really deserve a medal."
Her compliment, and others like them, did much to assuage my previous anxiety regarding Luis' insubordination and subsequent punishment. But the greatest compliment of all was when a group of highly respected doctors, all of whom I knew, approached me, each wanting to shake my hand.
"You're discovery is nothing short of astounding," said Elizabeth Johansen, a cardiologist at the city hospital. "You should be proud."
Another woman whom I recognized as Dr. Jennifer Barlow, a gynecologist, shook my hand and said, "I hope you're going to give everyone here a videotape of this experiment. This is simply groundbreaking."
I assured all the ladies that I would be making copies of the video, which would be available to all medical attendees in a week or so. They all seemed very pleased.
"At least when you're watching the video, you don't have to worry about getting splashed!" Dr. Barlow joked, pointing to a large, wet stain on her dress.
After making conversation with a few other people, I went over to where Bonnie and Michelle were sitting and thanked them both for helping make my experiment a success.
"Not at all sis, not at all!" Bonnie said happily. "The little prick had to be taught a lesson. And now all these people think you're a genius. Of course, if it wasn't for me..."
"Okay, okay," I said. "We all know it was your cock-sucking talents that saved the day. But what about you Michelle?" I asked. "What made you do it?"
Michelle shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know! I guess I get turned on seeing a naked, defenseless man get his comeuppance. It was like temporary insanity!"
"You got to admit that Michelle and I make a good team, right sis?"
"Just ask Luis!" Michelle exclaimed with joy.
When all the women had returned to their seats, I returned to the stage and had Lynette prepare the next subject. The ladies were still conversing loudly amongst themselves about the events they had recently witnessed, and every so often a burst of hysterical laughter punctuated their fervent discussions. Cheryl meanwhile had cleaned herself up and joined Rebecca, Maria, and I on the platform.
"I can't believe he came so much," she admitted with surprise as she checked her hair and clothes for any traces of sperm she might have missed.
"Ladies, ladies...please settle down." I demanded.
I waited a few moments until the room was quiet.
"Thank you. As some of my colleagues are aware, the limits of the effectiveness of EJAX-472 have never been established. Today, we have the unique opportunity to put my theory to the test. I believe it is safe to say that none of us, including myself, has ever seen a man ejaculate the way our last test subject did this morning."
A hearty round of applause and cheers greeted this statement.
"The body of the next test subject is completely saturated with the drug and I have been informed that he is reproducing sperm at a rate of close to 300 percent. This would indicate that he is capable of many continuous orgasms within a short period of time without injury to his body."
This statement provoked a response from a woman in the audience.
"I admit that your last test subject provided us with quite an impressive orgasm, Dr. Swensen," she said, "but you can hardly expect us to believe that any man's body can manufacture sperm at such a rate. If that were possible, his reproductive system would burn itself out before he could achieve a second orgasm."
I recognized the woman as Dr. Sheila Ford, Doctor of Internal Medicine at Stockholm University. She was a woman of about 35 and was greatly respected in the academic community as a person who got things done. She had been married and divorced twice and had two children. She was an attractive woman about five-feet seven inches tall with long auburn hair, which she wore in a modified ponytail. She was dressed impeccably in a dark gray three-piece suit.
"That is not quite true, Dr. Ford," I replied. The very nature of EJAX-472 is that it acts as an immune "enhancer" and it does this on a cellular level. One of the primary effects of the drug is that is strengthens and protects the reproductive glands while increasing the rate at which sperm is developed. Technically speaking, once the drug has reached saturation point in the body, the subject can experience many erections at one setting with subsequent full-volume orgasms."
"Full-volume" orgasms?"
"Yes, active sperm volume per ejaculate at or near 300 percent. Meaning that the subject is producing sperm even as it is being eliminated from the body."
"At a rate of nearly 300 percent you say?"
"Yes, approximately."
"I find this hard to believe," she said unconvinced. "In all the medical literature there is no precedent for it. Do you have any proof to back up this claim?"
"Yes, I do," I said with assurance. "I'm going to prove it to you right now. Would you like to participate?"
Before she could respond, several women in the audience also voiced their doubts that my claims could be anything but valid, and everyone soon started speaking at once.
"I am telling you that what you just witnessed was only the tip of the iceberg," I said trying to be heard. "If I had allowed it, our last test subject would still be ejaculating!"
The women started to talk amongst themselves and I heard words like "impossible" and "crazy" being bandied about. This went on for a few moments until Dr. Ford raised her voice over the din.
"Please ladies," she said diplomatically. "We can argue about this until doomsday, but it won't solve a thing. "Dr. Swensen," she said turning to me, "in answer to your question, yes, I will participate."
"Wonderful. Will you please join me on the stage?" I requested.
The crowd of women stirred as Dr. Ford made her way onto the platform.
"Rebecca, would you please bring each of us a protective lab coat?"
Rebecca looked at me quizzically, but did as I asked and retrieved several coats from the closet behind her.
"Please put these on everyone," I instructed.
"What are these for doctor?" Dr. Ford inquired.
"If my theory is correct, the subject will be experiencing ejaculations at a tremendous rate. Since we will need to be in close proximity of the subject in order to make an accurate observation, we will need these."
She looked at me with some hesitation. "You surely can't be serious about this."
"I assure you I am. Kindly comply with my request please."
She put on the lab coat and continued to regard me with a measure of incredulity.
"By the way," she said, "you can call me Sheila."
"I'm pleased to meet you. Please feel free to call me by my first name as well."
In short order the subject was brought out onto the stage. His name was John Cardelli, an extremely handsome young man of 27. He stood about 5' 11" tall and had the most beautiful green eyes I had ever seen. He was always a gentleman and never once complained about the rituals he had to endure for the sake of my experiment. John was extremely affable and joked that he was going to become a famous rock star one day. His only regret was that he was not able to give his wife a baby. And for the last year or so, she had had sex with him only a few times. If this drug didn't work, he told me, his marriage would be over.
His wife Ann, who had accompanied him, sat immediately behind us looking undemonstrative. She didn't speak much and had rarely come to visit her husband during his two-week stay at the Clinic. On the few days she did visit him, she only stayed for a few minutes before walking out in a huff. I knew they were having problems, but from what I could see, she was the source of most of the conflict. She was rather short with long brown hair and had a face that would have been considered pretty had not her small, weasel-like brown eyes ruined the otherwise pleasant patina.
At my instruction, Lynette had cuffed John's hands behind his back as a precautionary measure in the event that he try to masturbate himself. In order for this test to succeed, manual stimulation of his penis would have to be performed by a competent medical professional, at least until visual verification of the drug's efficacy could be established, and I could not risk the test becoming compromised by allowing him to control any part of the experiment, even if he could be excused for being in the throes of passion.
"Would you like to masturbate the subject or simply observe?" I asked Sheila.
"Well...I...I'm not sure," she stammered. "I suppose I would be able to observe the reaction of the drug better if I were to masturbate him myself."
"I can have someone else do it if you feel uncomfortable."
"No, I think I should do it," she said after reconsidering. "After all, this is being done in the name of science, and I would like to see the results firsthand."
"Very well. Will you kindly take your place to the right of the subject?"
Sheila did as I asked. All that was left was for me to do was to instruct my assistants as to what their duties would be.
"Cheryl," I began. "You are to stand next to the subject and collect a portion of his ejaculate."
She grinned. "How much do you want me to collect?"
"About half a liter will do."
"That's a lot of sperm, doctor."
"Yes, it is."
"This should be fun," she said smiling, and walked away.
I next turned to Maria. "I want you to take your digital camera and photograph the entire series of ejaculations. I want these just in case our camera crew fails to capture all of it."
"I hope I have enough film," she said in jest.
"Rebecca, I would like you to monitor the subject for any signs of undue physical stress that could result in injury. You will notify me at once if you notice any abnormal reactions beyond what we can expect from the drug."
"No problem, Christiana. I'll keep an eye on him."
Once everyone knew what they were to do, I decided to give the audience a brief rundown on what was about to take place.
"Ladies," I began, "Dr. Ford is going to help me conduct this study, which is designed to prove that consistent, multiple orgasms are possible with EJAX-472. She has graciously offered to assist by employing manual stimulation of the subject's penis."
A few giggles came from the back of the room. It was the young blonde girl and her two friends.
"The length of the subject's orgasm is what is to be determined, along with ejaculation intensity, calculated distance of ejaculate, and sperm volume. In the event that Dr. Ford should, for any reason, not be able to continue manual stimulation of the subject, I will need someone to take her place. As my assistants are busy with other tasks, I will need some volunteers. Ladies?"
The girls giggled again and then I watched in surprise as the three of them came forward.
"Thank you," I said. "Are you certain you have no problem with this?"
The young blonde spoke first. "Since I've already gotten "creamed" twice," she said pointing to her blouse, "it really doesn't bother me. But I can't speak for them."
Her two companions, both brunettes, looked like they were around 20 or so. They both assured me that they genuinely wanted to help. I found out later that all three girls were in a nursing program at the city hospital and were keenly interested in human sexuality. I had Lynette outfit them with protective coats and told them to stand off to the side of the subject in case they were needed.
"Are you ready doctor?" I asked Sheila.
"I'm ready," she said.
"Please proceed."
Sheila applied a generous amount of lube to her hands and rubbed them together, which made a loud squishing sound. And then she did something that surprised me—she looked up at John and gave him a sexy smile. I immediately looked at his wife, who had a dour expression on her face, pretending to act indifferent. But I could tell that Sheila's casual display of coquetry, made her jealous. I, myself, was a bit taken aback by what I felt to be a breach of professional ethics on Sheila's part, but it made sense that she would try to make him feel at ease in such a situation. He responded by smiling back at her, much to his wife's displeasure.
"While Dr. Ford is getting underway," I said to the audience, "I would like to mention that our test subject is 27 years old and in excellent health with no history of any major medical problems. His physician has determined that his low active sperm count is a result of a sports-related injury sustained when the subject was 14 years old. Since that time he has been able to achieve an erection with subsequent ejaculation but the amount of semen released and the activity of the sperm itself is so low as to be almost negligible. In this experiment, the effectiveness of EJAX-472 will be determined by how much sperm is released during orgasm and whether sperm volume has increased and is active. As the subject will be experiencing multiple sustained orgasms and increased trajectory, I once again advise the audience to keep a safe distance."
I wisely determined that the uniqueness of my experiment and the prurient nature of it would open the door for disreputable persons to seek to discredit my work with charges of fraud. As much of the basis of this study would depend not only upon my own research and validation by the medical community, but also upon the resultant video and photographs of the event, I chose to use two extra cameras to record the experiment. Using four separate cameras would decrease the chance of photo 'doctoring' and would provide a measure of protection should I be called upon to refute any claims that these events were merely staged. As a result, I had two cameras operating on either side of the test subject and a stationary, unmanned camera directly in front. The other camera would be used solely for recording audience reactions.
"I would like to mention ladies," I continued, "that Dr. Ford is using a special hand cream that I have used in conjunction with EJAX-472 as a ancillary topical ointment. It is longer lasting and much milder than most other lubricants and is non-greasy, thus allowing protracted stimulation of the penis."
All of us watched as Sheila's deft manipulations produced an immense erection in the subject. His cock must have been at least 10 inches in length, and I gazed in fascination as each steady, sensuous stroke of her hand traversed the length of his cock, from the base all the way up to and over the tip of his glans. It wasn't long before I noticed that she was staring intently at his testicles.
"Dr. Ford, will you kindly describe what you are seeing to the audience."
"Certainly." She paused to gave him a few quick strokes and then continued. "I am noticing that the subject's testicular sac is expanding, most likely due to an increase in sperm production."
It was indeed expanding. I could see that from even 10 feet away. Rebecca and Maria shot me a glance as if to say, "Wow!" Cheryl, herself, looked amused.
"Ladies," I said, "the physical manifestation Dr. Ford is now describing is a side effect of EJAX-472. It is perfectly normal, and we can expect further expansion as the stimulation increases."
She continued stroking him a little more purposefully now, looking up at him and then at his cock to gauge his responses.
John's body was becoming rigid and his breathing somewhat labored. He tried a few times to bring his hands down to his cock in an obvious attempt to masturbate. I had anticipated this, and was grateful that his hands had been restrained behind his back. His wife looked on impassively, as though what she was seeing was somehow not real, and the man being masturbated was not her husband. How she could disassociate herself from the event now taking place was unfathomable to me.
"The subject's testicles are expanding further," Sheila said, as her long, slender fingers moved up and down ever more rapidly on John's shaft. "Oh, my God, she exclaimed, "I can't believe this!"
"What is it doctor?" I asked concerned.
"I can actuallyfeelthe sperm traveling into his balls. It's really incredible!"
A few women in the audience responded with moans of pleasure, which made Rebecca smile with satisfaction.
"This, ladies, is what I refer to as the "assemblage" stage, where copious amounts of sperm collect in the testes and "wait" until the concentration reaches its optimal level before expulsion from the urethra."
Under Sheila's skilled administrations, John's penis was now sticking out from his body at a forty-five degree angle, making it easier for her to stoke the massive shaft. I had to admit that he did possess a beautiful penis, and I had to admire Sheila's handling of it. She seemed to be enjoying herself thoroughly and would make encouraging remarks to John even as she jerked him off. He, of course, was now at the stage where he could not even speak. All his energies were concentrated on his cock and balls, and the excited army of restless, agitated sperm waiting there, begging to be released.
A hand tapped me on the shoulder. I turned around to see Rebecca standing next to me.
"This is great," she said breathlessly. "I can't wait to see him shoot off."
"You and me both," I said, sharing her enthusiasm.
"His balls are getting so big! Look at them!"
There was nowhere else to look. His scrotum had indeed grown to almost twice its normal size. This fact was not wasted on John's wife Ann, who to my astonishment, got up and kneeled on the floor behind her husband and started to massage his balls.
"Well, what do you know," Rebecca said sarcastically. "Look who's getting into the act."
Sheila did not seem to mind this unexpected intrusion as much as John did. Ann's sudden action took him by surprise, and for a moment it broke his concentration. But seeing it was his wife who now, after such a long period of disinterest, was doing something to help her husband, he simply closed his eyes and let the sublime sensation of female hands do their work.
Sheila was now masturbating him with almost clockwork precision. She was showing no signs of slowing down and was, in fact, growing anxious to witness his climax. As a result, I did not ask her any further questions in case it might break her stride. After a short while, John started to moan audibly, and this alerted Sheila to increase her tempo. Seeing that Ann was simply rubbing her husband's balls, Sheila motioned for her to stick her finger in his anus and stimulate his prostate. She willingly followed the doctor's advice and put a little bit of Vaseline on her fingers. As she dutifully and methodically massaged him, his face took on a look of ultimate pleasure.
"How far?" Rebecca asked.
"What? I replied.
"His cumshot. How far do you think it will go?"
"Hard to say." But I wouldn't want to be one of those women in the front row."She laughed. "They can't say you didn't warn them."
John was now standing with his legs wide apart, trying to brace himself for the inevitable launch of semen. Both women were now working him over with gusto; their individual attentions becoming too much for him to sustain. His face was covered in sweat and the muscles in his entire body grew taught. Ann had her hand stuck far up the crack in his ass and teased his prostate to the point where he began bucking his hips in an uncontrollable fashion, wildly fucking Sheila's hand until Sheila herself simply stopped stroking and just let his tool glide back and forth between her fingers.
"Look," Rebecca said, as she pointed to the lab entrance. "Two people are coming."
I followed her gaze to the front door. "I told them not to let any more people in." I replied, annoyed. "They're going to spoil the test."
Sheila noticed the intrusion and looked at me for direction. I motioned for her to keep going. I did not—could not, stop the experiment now with John on the verge of coming. He would not be able to stop the onrush of sperm that was now ready to be shot out of his cock, and I did not want to deprive myself, or the audience, from witnessing the stupendous finale about to take place.
As the two figures got closer, Rebecca recognized one of them as Sheila's eighteen-year old daughter Jill, a beautiful, tall, dark-haired girl dressed in shorts and halter-top. Her companion, a blonde, was about the same age and height and wore faded jeans and a simple blouse.
"What the hell are they doing here?" I said angrily.
Rebecca looked at me dumbfounded.
I was later to discover from Sheila herself that Jill had heard about the experiment
by listening in on one of Sheila's private phone conversations. But why the girl decided to attend was never clearly understood.
Rebecca and I tried to warn them away, but they couldn't hear us. Before there was anything we could possibly do about it, it was already too late. I stared in horror as Jill caught sight of her mother in the midst of masturbating John. Both girls stopped dead in their tracks and stood open-mouthed at the sight. Amidst the deafening roar of the crowd, the two of them remained motionless, their minds temporarily incapable of comprehending the bizarre scene. I watched them cling to each other in total disbelief as Sheila, now wildly jerking John's massive prick, caught sight of the two girls standing only several feet away. For a moment she hesitated and I thought the show was over. But surprisingly enough, she resumed her stroking and made a motion to Jill to come over to her. The girl didn't budge. I, myself, had no idea what to do. There was no way in hell I was going to interrupt the experiment, now that I was so close to proving my theory.
Knowing that something remarkable was about to happen, all the women stood up in unison and began cheering for Sheila to finish him off. Inspired by their enthusiasm, she started squeezing John's cum-filled sac until she could sense he was completely, irreversibly, ready to climax. Once again, she invited Jill to come over to her. This time the daughter obeyed.
If the whole thing had not been recorded on tape, I would, to this day, have not believed what happened next.
Sheila looked at her daughter's lovely face, only a few feet away from the phallus she was carefully bringing to orgasm, and invited the girl to assist her. And despite her daughter's apparent confusion, the girl slowly moved to where her mother was standing. The other girl stood her ground looking completely stunned.
"You want to help me?" Sheila asked Jill, breathless and flushed, her inhibitions thrown to the wind.
Before the girl could respond, the women in the audience took up Sheila's cause. Instead of telling the girl to go away, which their feminine instincts might have otherwise demanded, they, surprisingly, encouraged her to help her mother. The girl vacillated and was unsure of what to do until Ann, realizing John's orgasm was only moments away, shouted to Jill to lend a hand. Jill looked up at the handsome man and I suppose something in her snapped, because she forced Sheila's hand off his cock and replaced it with her own. Sheila grinned with delight and the crowd roared. As Sheila watched Jill's hands fly up and down on the prick that was now ready to burst, she stuck her face in front of the swollen purple head and opened her mouth wide. Jill watched in awe as she saw her mother grab the head of John's prick in her teeth and bob her head several times up and down, scraping the underside of his glans. It was the final coup de grace. She pulled her head back just in time to watch his semen spurt high up into the air, both women's eyes following the arc of cum as it flew across the room and into the first row of seats 12 feet away!
The crowd shrieked with joy.
Rebecca, thrilled at the seeing the monstrous cumshot, congratulated me on the spot saying, "Hooray for EJAX-472! We love to see the goo!" And we both erupted with laughter.
John's mind was completely incoherent. His body had, by this time, succumbed to the powerful effects of the drug, which forced him to arch his back and thrust his hips outward so that the sperm could more easily find its way out of his body. Sheila couldn't go on—she was overcome by fits of laughter at seeing the flight of semen just ejected. Jill was left holding the spurting cock and her mother and the audience implored her not to stop. Encouraging her, demanding her to provide them with a spectacle, Jill took on a new persona, and just like her mother, firmly held onto John's cock, milking it for all she was worth.
It only took two short strokes of her small hand to force a great gooey load to explode from his cock. The strings of cum literally danced out of his prick in thick sheets of white that first startled, and then ultimately amused, the girl who found herself a new heroine to the crowd.
Then something fabulous happened. Seeing that Jill was having so much fun masturbating John for the crowd, her girlfriend (whose name I learned later on was Laura) finally gave in to the constant prodding of the women and went to assist her. Jill smiled as Laura's hands were placed over her own and together the two of them coaxed a series of massive, thick loads out of John's prick that were truly a joy to behold. At one point I watched as both girls looked on with a mixture of awe and amusement at their mutual handiwork until they forced a dozen creamy bursts of sperm to explode out of his penis with such speed that the air seemed momentarily alive with streams of white.
During this time Ann had kept up her stimulation of John's prostate, imploring the two girls to keep going. Sheila stood on the other side of her daughter, watching intently, and with much hilarity, as the two girls teased shot after shot of hot cream out of John's prick.
Maria, as usual, kept herself out of harm's way, content to photograph each successive spurt with her camera. I saw her click photo after photo trying desperately to catch every stringy ejaculation. The blonde girl and her two friends couldn't take their eyes off the scene, looking on in amazement at the cumshots that refused to stop.
Cheryl had stood aside for the initial series of climaxes but indicated to Jill that she should point John's prick down toward the floor so that she could get some of his ejaculate in the beaker. Jill readily obliged. I saw Cheryl grin as she watched in fascination as the steady stream of sperm splashed into the glass receptacle. I saw her count off about twenty squirts before she removed the beaker and walked away smiling, her hands and lab coat drenched with sperm.
The atmosphere in the room was positively supercharged. As John's ejaculations began to subside, Jill and Laura removed their hands from his prick. Maria assisted them with towels, but the show was far from over. The crowd looked at me expecting more and I knew that this was the moment my theory would be put to the ultimate test.
"Okay ladies," I shouted over the din. "I assure you our subject is now ready to have several more orgasms back to back." I looked at John who was tired but still under the effects of the sperm-producing drug. "Are you ready?"
"I hope so," he replied, somewhat weakened.
"Lynette," I said, "please remove his cuffs and lay the subject on the examination table." I pointed to the blonde girl and her two friends. "And I would like you three to participate. Please come onto the platform and make it fast. We can't afford to wait too long or the drug's effect may be compromised."
The transition was done in under a minute. After John's hands and feet were restrained, I had the three girls begin masturbating him. His wife stood over the girls and watched intently as their hands moved over her husband's body, trying to get him ready for his second round of climaxes. I heard her ask him if he was all right, to which he smiled and said, "Yes." It was the first glimpse I had of a genuine sentiment from the woman.
End of Chapter 1