PART 8 - Princess, Slut, Slave
* * *
KILLIAN
Despite the surprising turn the camping trip had taken, things didn't feel all that different to Killian once they were back to normal life. Daddy and Master were really just Jack and Logan most of the time. Things had felt different and naughty in the woods at night. She didn't want them any less now, but it seemed harder to make it happen. It's not like the three of them had unlimited privacy. Logistically, living at home with family didn't lend itself to an easy kinky arrangement.
Killian had spent one night with Jack and had seen Logan in passing. They'd exchanged a few texts but that was all. She felt a little awkward. She thought maybe they all did.
Jack had started working more—he would be full-time once the summer was over. Though it wasn't a surprise to Killian, she was selfishly annoyed that it meant less time for them to spend together. The obvious thing to do with her free time was Logan, but she hadn't. She didn't know why. She could. Why was it making her nervous? She had to text him. She could make the first move. She could do it.
K: Hey
Killian finally talked herself into texting Logan.
L: Hey sweetheart. How are you?
He'd replied right away.
K: Good
She bit her lip. Should she just ask if she could come over? Should she say something sexy? She didn't know what to do next.
K: Are you busy right now?
L: No
L: Wanna come over?
K: Sure
Killian breathed a sigh of relief. At least she hadn't had to invite herself over. She wondered if he was home alone. She wondered what she was hoping to get out of seeing him.
She brushed her teeth and quickly combed her hair before walking to the Johnson's house.
It felt so weird to be going over there to see Logan while Jack was at work. She knew it was okay. They had rules. But not mentioning it to Jack first still felt like doing something wrong. She thought about texting him anyway but ultimately decided against it, knowing there was a high likelihood Jack was around his father at work and she didn't want any messages to be accidentally seen by the wrong member of the family.
She knocked on the Johnson's door. There were no cars in the driveway.
"Hey," Logan let her in.
"Hi," she said brightly. She followed him inside and looked around; the house was quiet. She wondered if they were alone.
"We can go back to my room," offered Logan.
"Yeah, sure," agreed Killian quickly.
"I'm glad you texted me," he said, sitting down on the plush couch. Killian sat next to him. Her eyes drifted involuntarily to the armrest as she remembered being fucked in the same spot a few weeks prior. And on the ground in front of them. She tried not to get distracted. "I'm sorry I didn't ask you to come over sooner," said Logan; Killian realized she'd just been sitting in silence. "I didn't want to intrude if you were hanging out with Jack, I guess."
"It's okay," said Killian. "It felt weird texting you today. But I wanted to see you." She paused, nervous to ask the next question. "Are you still interested in our...arrangement?"
"Yes," he said firmly, leaving no time for her to doubt his answer. "You?"
"Yes!" she agreed quickly.
"Good." He looked as relieved as she felt.
"So, um, what now?" she asked, hating how awkward she was.
"I don't know," he chuckled. "Out of curiosity, does Jack know you're here?"
"No. I didn't want to risk your dad seeing it while he's at work."
"I doubt my dad would notice or think anything of it if he did."
"You think I should text him?"
"He said it wasn't necessary."
"Still feels a bit weird, doesn't it?" said Killian.
"I think this whole thing is gonna feel a bit weird until we're all used to it," agreed Logan. "So, did you come over today for a booty call or to talk?"
Killian flushed, "I don't know. I guess I came over because I wasn't sure if you were still interested. But if you'd rather it be a booty call, that's cool too."
"Oh, I didn't mean it like that," he said hastily. "I'm sorry, Kil, I've never done this before."
"What, you've never kept your brother's girlfriend as a plaything before?" she said jokingly.
"If I remember right, I kept my brother's girlfriend as a plaything the other weekend," he smirked, making Killian blush. "I've never had my own sub before."
"Oh, but," she looked at him inquisitively, "aren't you the one with experience?"
"A bit," he ran his hand through his hair, "I've played before, but I've never, like, had something ongoing."
"I'm honored."
"Maybe we should talk about how we want things to be between us," he suggested. "Expectations."
"Okay. Can you start? I don't really know how or where or what."
"Sure. When would you like our interactions to be as Dom and sub. Always? Sometimes? Strictly in person?"
"Not always," said Killian thoughtfully. "Not around our families, obviously. Unless it's discrete. Or like how it was when we were camping. I liked knowing you could take control at anytime but that you chose not to do it all the time."
"I liked that too," he agreed. "Did you like following the orders we texted you?"
"Yes. It was discrete and fun to have a little secret."
"So, you like the idea of you being home and me texting you orders?" he asked.
Killian nodded, "That sounds fun."
"You may continue to call me Sir."
"You prefer Sir to Master?"
"No," he paused, evidently figuring out how to articulate his thoughts. "I love hearing you say Master. But only when you really feel it. I don't want it unless you mean it."
"I think I understand what you mean." There was something else that had been on Killian's mind. "Can I ask you something, Logan?" she said tentatively. When he nodded, she proceeded, "When we were camping and talking about bodily fluids, you mentioned blood. I was wondering what you meant by that? Were you talking about, like, that time of the month, or that you want to make me bleed?"
He looked at her, considering her question. "To be honest, it's more of a hypothetical than something that would come up—I was just trying to get you thinking. At the time, it was in context of making you bleed. Whips, knives, whatever. But the likelihood we'd ever get into anything like that, even if you did want to try, is slim. This is all new still. Besides, we don't have extensive privacy."
Killian nodded. She paused and then asked, "Are you into that kind of thing?"
It was his turn to hesitate. "Sometimes," he admitted. "Does that freak you out?"
"I'm not squeamish," she shook her head, "but I don't know how I feel about it. It does sound unlikely that it will come up, but I was curious what you meant."
"And regarding that time of the month, it doesn't really bother me, but I'd appreciate a heads up since I'd rather not go down on you at that time. No offense. But I'll totally finger you and fuck you."
"No offense taken." Killian thought she'd probably be too self-conscious to let anyone near her pussy when she was on her period anyway. "So, um...is anyone else home right now?"
"No," he said, with a knowing smile. "Kneel for me, princess."
Killian lowered her gaze and sunk to her knees, a smile on her lips too. "Yes, Sir." She remembered how he told her to kneel before, and she assumed the same position, sitting back on her heels with her ankles crossed, knees slightly spread, and her hands on her thighs.
"Close your eyes," he said, his voice soft but authoritative. She closed her eyes obediently. "Take a deep breath," he instructed—she did, "and let it out. Let go of everything that isn't in this room. Let your mind go blank," he paused. She took another breath, slowly exhaling as she let go and relaxed her mind. "All that matters is right here, right now. Listen to the sound of my voice. I am all that exists in your world."
Killian did as he said, letting his voice wash over her as her other thoughts faded away. She was aware of her body. Her posture. His presence. She almost jumped in surprise as she felt his finger run lightly down her spine. A shiver ran from her neck down her back.
"Your body is mine now, Killian." She felt the soft tickle of breath in her ear when he spoke. "Eventually I'll own every part of you. Head to toe. Inside to out. The essence of your very being will know me as your Master."
Her heart raced as he told her her future.
"You will obey me, not because I tell you to, but because you crave it."
She realized Logan could walk very quietly. Killian's only hint of where he was in the room was the sound of his voice. But the position kept changing. Keeping her unaware. Unsure. Wondering when he would touch her again.
"You are my princess. My slut. My slave. You are whatever I desire."
She felt him touch her wrist, moving her hand behind her back. Knowing what he wanted, she put her other hand behind her too. Fabric touched her wrists, circling them. Cotton—it wasn't rough, but it wasn't soft. She heard him tie the knot, and then he was gone again.
"I will protect you and respect you. Even when I degrade you, even when I hit you, those two things will always be true. Do you understand?"
"Yes, Sir," she said softly.
"Everything I do is for a reason. Remember, it is all for you."
His lips brushed hers, so lightly and unexpectedly that he was gone before she registered it. She felt something—not his finger—run the length of her jawbone. It was hard, smooth, and rounded, and she had no clue what it was. It ran from her chin, down the front of her throat, down her chest until progress was blocked by her shirt.
"Do you trust me, Killian?"
"Yes, Sir."
"I didn't choose you because I want to abuse you. I want to help you grow and be the best you can be. I chose you because your trust is an honor. I chose you because you're worth it."
She felt warmth on her neck—his tongue moving slowly, lightly, running down the side. The feel of his breath on the slightly wet spot made her shudder with desire. It was incredibly sensitive. She wanted his lips there.
"Stand," he told her. When she stood, she felt his hand on her hips, pulling her shorts off. Once she was naked from the waist down, he said, "Kneel." She returned to her previous position. "Practice that when you aren't with me. I want you to be able to do that easily. Gracefully."
"Yes, Sir," she said. For some reason, she felt a bit self-conscious that she apparently didn't know how to stand up well enough. She would do better.
She felt his hand on the back of her neck, encouraging her forward. "Forehead to the ground." She bent at the waist. "Hips up," he said, lightly touching her butt. She raised it up.
Killian stayed in this new position; bowed forward, face down, ass up, knees spread. It would have been a vulnerable position even if she'd been clothed. Being naked from the waist down made her feel very exposed. She thought it might have been more comfortable if her wrists weren't bound behind her back and she could put her arms in front of her. Killian realized there would be many more things in her future that weren'tcomfortable. That was okay; not everything had to be comfortable.
She heard a light rustle of plastic somewhere in the room. Curious.
When she felt something touch the sole of her foot, she squeaked in surprise.
"Ticklish?" he asked.
"Not there. Just surprised me."
Logan proceeded with whatever it was he was doing, and Killian felt the most bizarre feeling she'd ever had on her foot. A very light scraping sensation, moving from ball to heel. Then it moved further, slowly up her Achilles tendon, up her calf. She twitched involuntarily when it got to the back of her knee.
"Be still, princess."
She tried very hard not to move again. Even when the strange scratching moved up the back of her thigh. She couldn't stifle a gasp when it reached the spot where her leg became her ass. It wasn't particularly arousing, but it was quite sensitive. Then she felt the same thing on her other leg, although the order was reversed, this time from butt to toe. The sensation moved to the inside of her leg, her inner thigh, going from knee to crotch. It felt so strange; it took every effort not to squirm. She was utterly confused by what object could cause this feeling.
Her skin tingled where she had been brushed with the mystery object. She barely noticed it had stopped. She didn't feel or hear anything for what felt like quite a long time.
"If you're wondering what I'm doing," Logan broke the silence eventually, "I'm admiring my new toy. Every beautiful inch of your body. Mine." He caressed her bum with his hand. "My asshole." He tapped right on her puckered hole with one finger. Then he cupped her mound in his hand. "My cunt." Then his hand was gone. "Have you kept your eyes closed this whole time?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Good girl. Return to kneeling." Killian didn't love having her face on the ground and was happy he let her move. "I will let you open your eyes, but when you do, you must keep them down. You can't look at me. Understand?"
"Yes, Sir."
"You may open them now."
When Killian did open her eyes, the room seemed much brighter than she'd expected. With her eyes closed she'd come to imagine the room was dark.
"Do you know why you can't look at me?" he asked; she shook her head. "It is a privilege to look at me. And I will decide when you've earned it."
"I understand," she said softly.
The sound of the front door closing shattered the peaceful bubble they had built.
"What the fuck?" Logan muttered. "No one is supposed to be home right now. Stay," he told her. He went to his bedroom door and popped his head out. "Hello?"
"Hey, man," called Jack from the other side of the house.
"You're home early. Dad back too?"
"Yeah. In the garage."
"Cool." Logan paused. Killian suspected he was looking at her, but with her eyes lowered, she couldn't tell. "You should come in here," he called to his brother.
"Sure, I'll be down in a bit." Jack's footsteps were heading towards the stairs already. "Need a shower."
"I guess your boyfriend doesn't want to play," said Logan, shutting the door and returning to Killian. "Stand."
She got to her feet, watching as he walked out of sight behind her. Then his hands were on his wrists, untying her binding. When he returned to stand in front of her, she had to remind herself to keep her eyes on the ground. It had been easier with her eyes closed. She found she wanted to look at him badly. He stood very close to her, their bodies almost touching. He touched her chin gently, lifting it a little.
"You may look at me now," he said quietly. Killian raised her eyes, locking on his. The gaze felt utterly electric to Killian. He placed a soft kiss on her lips that Killian wished lasted much longer than it did. "Thank you for coming over today," he murmured. She blushed and he kissed her again. "I'm sorry the interruption distracted me a bit. You don't have to leave right now though."
"Yeah, distracted me too," she said, pulling her pants on again.
"I'd say Jack definitely doesn't realize you're here with me. Judging by the fact that he went for a shower instead of coming in here to admire you all tied up."
"I'm sure your right about that." She took a seat on the couch.
"Should we surprise him?" he asked mischievously.
"What do you have in mind?" said Killian.
"I can tell him to come in when he's done?" He suggested. Killian nodded. It felt a little naughty. He sent a text to Jack telling him to let himself in when he was finished with his shower. "Let him walk in on us," he grinned putting his phone down. "Don't worry, I'll hear if my dad comes in the house," he reassured her before she could mention it.
"What's he gonna walk in on?" she asked, not sure why it was making her nervous. Also kind of excited.
"Anything you want, Killie. Whatever you think will get him going."
She bit her lip, having a hard time thinking. Her mind had gone from very calm to racing. Logan was helping her set up a scene quite reminiscent of the "hubby comes home from work early and finds cheating wife" theme. But she wasn't cheating. She had very explicit permission to do just that. For some reason that didn't lessen the anticipation of him walking in on them for the first time.
"Can I suck you off?" she asked Logan as he sat down next to her.
"Twist my arm, I suppose," he grinned. "Let's give it a few minutes though. Honestly, I don't think I could last 20 minutes in your mouth."
She nodded in agreement. "So, do I get to know what the things you were touching me with are?"
"Have any guesses?"
"The first one—I'm sure this isn't it though—felt like the non-brush end of a makeup brush."
"I could see that." He pulled a sharpie out of his pocket. "Object number one."
"Huh, okay. And I have literally no guess for object number two."
He picked up a plastic spork on the coffee table and held it out to her. "Surprise."
She noticed the flimsy plastic wrapper it had come in sitting on the table as she took the spork from him. She looked at it curiously, though she used them many times, and dragged it across her arm. The tines of the fork and the scratch of plastic matched what she'd felt when he did it. "I never would have thought of that."
"I was working with very limited resources," he shrugged, "and you surprised me by coming over. Luckily, most household items can be made kinky if you try hard enough."
"Perv," she laughed. She paused and then looked at him shyly. "I am allowed to start now?"
"Suppose I'll allow that," he smiled.
"Will you stand?" she asked. "I prefer being on my knees with you." Her cheeks felt very warm as she said it.
He touched her cheek gently, and said, "One of my favorite places for you to be." He stood up as she slid off the couch and on to her knees at his feet. She undid his jeans, in the process of exposing his manhood. She hooked her fingers on the waistband of his pants and paused. "Okay, sweetheart?"
"Yeah," she said quickly. "It's just, this is crazy. I can't believe this is allowed." Trying to get caught was more nerve wracking than she'd thought.
"Encouraged, even."
"Yeah," she smiled nervously.
"Totally don't have to do this if you don't want to," he said, petting her head affectionately.
"No, I want to. Besides, now you're tempting me even more." She eyed the front of his pants. Button undone, fly unzipped, and growing cock, now straining to get free from his boxers.
She tugged his pants down, releasing his bulge from its confines. It was already mostly hard, and it went completely rigid as soon as she wrapped her hand around it. She licked it, slowly, lovingly, appreciating his thick rod and the light taste of precum. She got lost in her work and had his rod buried deep in her throat when the door to Logan's room opened.
"Hey, man—" Jack stopped abruptly. "Oh shit," he sounded surprised, hastily closing the door behind him.
Killian had stopped sucking Logan's dick so she could peer around him and see Jack, but Logan firmly guided her head back to its original position. "You're not done yet." That turned Killian on. A lot. She kept sucking obediently even though she wished she could watch the scene unfolding. But Master wasn't done using her yet.
"Sorry, I didn't realize Killie was here," said Jack.
"Tried to tell you to come in here when you got back," shrugged Logan. Killian felt his hands knot in her hair as she started circling the tip of his cock with her tongue while she stroked his length.
"Believe me, I'm regretting my decision," Jack said. "When did she get here?"
"Uh," Logan groaned, "fuck." Killian knew why he was struggling to find words. She was still dutifully sucking, and she was pretty sure she just found the perfect rhythm to make him bust. "Gimme a sec," he grunted to Jack. Logan was now holding Killian's head in place and the warmth of his seed was filling her mouth.
Killian felt her whole pelvis tingle excitedly, and she realized she might have just heard the hottest thing ever. Mid-conversation, in the same room, Logan had told his brother to give him a minute so he could finish cumming. Killian had no idea why that turned her on so much but the effect on her was undeniable.
Killian hadn't swallowed yet. She decided to wait until he was done ejaculating, wondering what it would feel like to have his whole load in her mouth. Both Jack and Logan had a tendency to thrust their dicks as deep as they could down her throat while they came. Not that she could complain about that—it saved her from trying to gulp it all down and was relatively tasteless that way.
Logan pulled out slowly when he finished, looking satisfied and thoroughly drained. Killian grinned up at him, then she tipped her head back and opened her mouth, showing him all he had given her. He raised his brows in surprise, but he was also smiling. When she was sure he'd got a good look she closed her mouth, gave him a wink, and swallowed down his jizz.
Logan tucked his junk away, zipped up his pants, and then turned to give Jack all his attention. "Sorry, what were you saying?"
"I don't even remember," chuckled Jack. Killian went to Jack and wrapped her arms around him in way of greeting. "Hey, babe."
"Hi," she said, as he kissed her on the forehead. When she released him from her arms and stepped back, she realized she was standing between the two boys.
Now that all three of them were together, there was a new elephant in the room. Killian had obviously been there to see Logan. But now Jack was back. She and Logan had just finished, so was it okay to hang out with Jack now? She'd also really enjoyed her time with Logan. She didn't want to offend either of them and didn't know what to do.
"I, um, need to get home before dinner," she said, deciding the safest option might be for her to spend a little time alone. Both boys looked vaguely surprised by her abrupt statement; it wasn't even five-oh-clock yet. Shit, maybe it was obvious she was trying to escape. Too bad. She was committed now. She needed to decompress and sort things out in her brain. "Text me later," she said as she left, not sure who she was really directing the comment at but hoping they both would.
She hurried out of the Johnson's house and back home before she could change her mind. She really wanted to spend time with both of them, but she didn't know how that was going to work yet. She'd gotten suddenly overwhelmed with them both there. It had made it all very real.
Killian ran a cool shower for herself when she got home. She felt all sticky from the heat and the events of the past couple hours. She sat on the floor of her shower, letting the mild water cool her skin. She closed her eyes and relaxed. Quiet. Alone.
She dried off and lay down on her bed, picking up her phone to text Jack.
K: Hey sorry I ditched so suddenly
K: Do you want to come over later and spend the night?
J: I'd love that
J: You okay?
K: Yeah I just needed to shower and decompress a bit before having dinner with my parents
J: Okay babe
J: Lemme know when to come over
K: Will do
She hoped Jack hadn't been upset by her sudden departure. In retrospect, she realized it might have seemed like she was hurrying away because she wanted to spend time with Logan and not Jack. That wasn't at all what she'd intended.
L: Hey sweetheart - just checking in
L: I'm really glad I got to see you today
K: Me too. I'm sorry I ran away so abruptly
L: No apology needed. Is there anything you want to talk about or do you just want some space right now?
K: Neither really
K: My head was just kind of spinning. It was so quiet and calm when it was just the two of us and then we were jerked out of it. It's not that I was unhappy Jack was back but I got kind of nervous about him seeing us together
K: I did really like spending time with you today and I want to again soon
L: The feeling is mutual princess
L: Maybe the three of us could hang out later this week if you'd be more comfortable with that?
K: I'd like that a lot
L: Me too. I think Jack would too
L: You left before I had a chance to give you your first rule
K: What's that?
L: Saving it for the next time we're together
K: What if I break it before then without realizing it?
L: I guess you'll find out if you do
K: Looking forward to having a rule
L: Yeah? I'm glad to hear it. Me too
L: I'll let you go now since I get the feeling you want some quiet time to yourself. But I'm here anytime you need me.
K: Thank you sir. I'll text you later
He was sweet. They were both sweet. And understanding. How was it even possible?
She wondered what the rule was going to be. She really was looking forward to it. She was excited for the next time she'd see Logan. She liked his idea of the three of them doing something together too. Her mind wandered to earlier when he'd told her to practice kneeling and standing. It sounded so basic it was almost embarrassing, but she had a very strong urge to get his approval. Of course, she would practice.
Killian got through dinner, if not a little anxiously. The more she'd thought about it, the more she realized her actions earlier probably looked like she was snubbing Jack. What if she'd upset him? Dinner couldn't be over soon enough.
When Jack finally slipped in through her bedroom door, Killian had worked herself up so much that she was actually surprised to see Jack didn't look mad at all.
"Hey, babe," he smiled and gave her a kiss. That smile...damn, he was handsome.
They chatted a little bit, but Killian was about to burst if she didn't talk to him about it soon.
"Maybe we should talk about today?" she finally suggested.
"Sure, what's on your mind?"
"Were you surprised to see me there?"
"I was definitely surprised. I mean, I wasn't surprised you were over, but the timing was unexpected."
"And you're sure you're still okay with it?"
"Of course, babe. It's really new still but I'm comfortable exploring it. Are you okay with it?"
"Yes," she said. She felt so awkward for bringing it up, but she hadn't been able to get it off her mind; she worked up the nerve to say, "When you walked in on us, I noticed, well—every time you've seen us, you've been really into it."
"Yeah," he nodded, "I am."
"I mean, you usually have a hard-on when you watch." Her cheeks felt very warm. "And it didn't seem to have much of an effect on you today."
"Oh, Killie," he looked amused, "it wasn't that." It was his turn to look a little embarrassed. "To be honest, I'd, uh, just jerked off in the shower right before I came down."
"Really?" Killian definitely hadn't expected that.
"I mean, if I'd known you were there, I wouldn't have. I was just tired and had a headache, and the shower felt really nice..."
"That's a relief," she said. "I thought you'd changed your mind or were mad."
"No, I thought it was just as hot as ever. Even managed to give me a bit of a chub anyway." He pulled her into a kiss. "I'm sorry you thought I wasn't into it, babe."
She kissed him again, pleased by his answer for more than one reason. Wondering if she could get anymore out of him, she said teasingly, "So, how often do you jerk it in the shower?"
"It's not my favorite place to do it, but it's convenient if I need some privacy. Besides, you've been draining my balls pretty regularly, so I haven't needed as muchalone time."
"Maybe you don't need it, but that doesn't mean you don't ever want it," she suggested. "I still like to do it sometimes," she said bravely, "don't you?" Even though Jack had seen her touch herself, somehow, talking about doing it alone made it feel different.
"Oh, uh, yeah," Jack said. "Sometimes, I guess."
"It actually really turns me on to think about you touching yourself," she said quietly. Killian worried she'd made him uncomfortable.
"Does it?" he said, looking tentatively intrigued.
"Mm-hm," she bit her lip. "Will you fuck me right now, Jack?"
"Oh, if you insist," he grinned.
"Unless you'd rather beat off while I watch," she suggested, half-hoping he'd say yes. She wasn't sure why, but the thought of watching Jack pleasure himself was really getting her going.
"I'd rather fuck you right now."
It was a win-win for Killian either way.
JACK
The previous day had been a lot to take in. It was new.
It had been weird to come home and find his girlfriend on her knees for his brother.
It had been weirder yet to realize he wasn't even mad about it. It had surprised him to find her there. It had been a little off-putting at first because it hadn't happened before, but he hadn't felt particularly jealous. If anything, it had just been kind of awkward. Probably would have been a bit more fun had he not jerked off in the shower moments before. That had been terrible timing. He felt bad that Killian had thought he wasn't into it.
Jack hoped the hours they'd spent making love to each other that night reassured her he was very much into her and not at all mad. It had been a sexy and long and sweaty night. He'd given her three orgasms and fucked her for an hour before he busted for the first time. They'd woken up in the middle of the night, lusting for each other. He'd held her close in his arms, buried inside her, slowly grinding their way to climax. It had been an amazing night.
But Killian...what to do. She was clearly feeling a little awkward about things. Was she not as into it as he'd thought? Every time they'd all been together, she seemed to love it, but now that they'd made it an ongoing thing, she didn't seem as comfortable. Had he done the wrong thing by suggesting it? Or did she only want it when it was the three of them? Maybe she wasn't interested in having Logan only. That would be okay, but he found it unlikely. Their chemistry was obvious.
He just needed to talk to Killian.
J: Wanna go to the lake?
K: Of course
J: I'll head over in a min
He grabbed his things and went to pick up Killian.
His girlfriend, Killian.
Sometimes it still felt hard to believe.
"Where are we going?" Killian asked, when Jack passed the turn they usually took.
"You'll see."
He turned half a mile later. They were going to the other side of the lake. They usually didn't go to that side. Not anymore.
They pulled into the lot. Killian followed Jack down the slightly overgrown path at the back of the parking lot to a special spot that was secluded, right on the edge of the lake.
"Do you remember this place?" he asked her, sitting down on the log that slightly hung over the water.
"Yes." They hadn't been there together for a long time. "Are you getting sentimental, Jack?"
"A bit," he admitted. "I thought about it a lot."
There were three times in the history of their friendship that they kissed, up until the past couple months of course. One of them—the last time, about two years prior—hadn't been like the rest. Killian had kissed him. Not for practice. Not to make sure there were no sparks. She did it because she wanted to.
"The last time we were here?" she asked; Jack nodded. "Then or recently?"
"Both," he said softly. "I thought about it a lot then...kissing you gave me butterflies. I felt something that day, and it really freaked me out. I'm sorry I told you I didn't."
"Thanks, Jack," she sighed. "It was a long time ago. Neither of us were ready for that."
"You weren't ready then either?"
"I don't think so. I don't know. I wanted you to notice me, maybe. As a real girl."
"I never told you this, but there was this tiny part of me that hoped you would see me like that one day too."
"Really?" she asked, not expecting that.
Jack nodded. "I know I shouldn't have done the things I did with other girls if I really wanted you. But I was really dumb then. Way too dumb for you, Killie," he said.
"I know," she stroked his cheek. "Boys are dumb. Luckily, you turned into a good man."
"I was afraid to come back to this spot with you again after that day," he admitted.
"I know," Killian agreed. "Me too."
"Looking back, I realize you're the only girl I've ever loved. It makes me feel like even more of a dick because it's so obvious to me now. I'm sorry, Kil."
"I'm not mad at you, Jack. I was never mad about that night either, but it did cross my mind afterwards."
"What did you think about?"
"Mostly I was embarrassed I kissed you at all. There might have been a little part of me that thought it would be our Disney moment, you know, where you noticed the love of your life was in front of you all along. I was embarrassed for even thinking that. And," she sighed, "it was the last time I did."
"At least we got that moment eventually." He wove his fingers through hers.
"When was it for you?" she asked. "When did you realize it was me?"
"Mm...when I saw how far you could fit my dick down your throat."
"Jack!" She elbowed him playfully. "Way to ruin the moment."
"You know I'm kidding, babe," he grinned. "It was the night after, when you said you wanted to make outas friends," he rolled his eyes.
"Yeah, that might have been bullshit, in retrospect," Killian blushed. "I wanted touch you in ways I'd never wanted before."
"I remember wondering how I could have gone so long without imagining what your body would feel like against mine. How it would feel to make you moan."
"Me too," Killian remembered that night well.
"If you hadn't been a virgin at the time, I absolutely would have tried to fuck you that night."
"Really?"
"100%" he admitted. "Best friend or not. The way you kept grinding on my cock...you knew exactly what it would make me think about."
"Destroying my sweet, virgin pussy?" Killian suggested innocently.
"Yep," he chuckled. "Although I remember thinking I could die happy when you let me stroke your sweet, virgin pussy. I honestly couldn't believe you'd let me touch you there at all."
"You were very persistent," pointed out Killian.
"As a hot 18-year-old virgin, I thought you'd be better at saying no," he shrugged.
"Not to you apparently."
"I thought about that night a lot too. I always wondered what would have happened if I hadn't called youbabythat night." He referred to the abrupt halt their passionate meeting came to.
"Me too," she agreed. "Sometimes I think we might have actually had sex that night."
Jack nodded. "It might have been easier that way. Maybe we wouldn't have tried to push each other away," he sighed. At least in the end, it had all worked out. "The way it felt when you orgasmed on my finger accompanied many a lonely night with me and my hand."
"Did you really get off just thinking about fingering me?" Killian asked, sounding surprised.
"Yes. It was the most amazing feeling. It was kind of a head-fuck. You were so off-limits it was practically taboo. Despite joking about needing to get you laid, I would have destroyed anyone that was only interested in taking your virginity. Subconsciously, your pussy was like this sacred, mystical thing that I'd always protected. And then, all of a sudden, you allowed me to touch it.Me."
"It was kind of a head-fuck for me too. Your finger felt more incredible than anything else I'd ever felt. I was embarrassed I came so fast and so hard when you touched me."
"I took it as a compliment," he smirked.
"You are quite talented with your fingers." Killian fell silent. There was a bittersweet feel to this place; Jack could feel it too. "Is that why I get to fool around with Logan? Because you feel guilty?"
"No," he said. Thinking about it, he corrected himself, "Maybe 10% guilt."
"What's the other 90%?" she asked.
"20% because I was a slut and you were a virgin and it doesn't seem fair—that's different than guilt because I don't feel bad about it, I just want to have a chance to have some fun too."
"And the rest because?"
"Because we both get off on it," he said simply.
"I'd be happy with just you, you know that, right?"
"I know, babe," he kissed her forehead. "Likewise. But I don't mind giving you an extra good time for a little while." He wasn't sure whata little whilemeant yet. They'd get to that eventually.
"It's fun." She snorted, "When it's not awkward."
"This week has felt kind of weird, huh?" He looked at her; she nodded. "Weird, like, you want to go back to normal boyfriend-girlfriend stuff, or weird, like, you're just trying to adjust?"
"I think, the latter," she pondered. "I feel like my life just got turned into a kinky porno and that's fucking great but totally unexpected. And yeah, I definitely have felt awkward this week because sometimes I don't know how to act or what to say. Seeing Logan without telling you felt kind of like cheating."
"That's why you've been avoiding him this week, huh?" It wasn't exactly what he had guessed, but it made sense too.
"Kind of," she nodded. "Ugh, is it that obvious?"
"Yeah, but I think it was mutual at least."
"I didn't want to seem...too into this. I thought it might come off like I'm a little too interested in Logan. You know what I mean?"
"I believe you're not, Killian. I know your heart is mine," he said, giving her hand a little squeeze. "But I know you're attracted to him too and it's not going to make me jealous to hear you say that."
"So, what would make you jealous then?" asked Killian.
"If you intentionally start spending most of your time with him and not me, I'd be jealous," he said. "If you actually fell for him that would crush me too."
"So, if I told you I can't stop thinking about the way Logan made me cum with his cock buried in my ass, you wouldn't be jealous? Hypothetically."
"Nope," he shook his head. "Is it true?"
"It's crossed my mind a few times," admitted Killian.
"That's hot. Did you think about it while you were masturbating?" Jack already felt a stirring in his pants.
"Once. But in my fantasy, you were there watching too."
"You're sweet, babe," he kissed her.
"When did you get so chill, Jack?" she mused. "I mean, I've seen you with girls before, and the ones that stuck around, you always treated nice. And I thought you'd be a good boyfriend. But this is different. What changed?"
"You did, Killian. Spending time with you has always made me feel good, but realizing how I felt about you, and then being with you...everything just fell into place, and I feel so much more relaxed. I never realized how wrapped up in my head I was. I'd get so tense. Realizing I love you made everything make sense." By the time he'd finished speaking Killian looked rather emotional. He added, "I wasn't feeling all that chill today."
"Why's that?"
"Thinking about you. Overthinking things." He paused. "I want you to be happy, Kil. I set this up because I thought it would be fun and you seem super into when the three of us are together. But if it's stressing you out or you feel guilty or your just not into it, fuck it." He wondered if he could verbalize what he really felt in a way she'd understand. He had to try at least. "You think it's you that's getting the best end of this arrangement, but it all part of my selfish plan."
"Oh?" Killian raised her brows.
"I'm going to keep you forever, Killian. Forever is a really long time. You're such a sexual person and I think that's so hot. I don't want to stifle that, but I'm not willing to let you go either, and I'm not cool thinking about you with random guys. You deserve to experience another lover than just me. But you deserve the best, and I need to trust it too; this specific situation with the three of us, I'm honestly super comfortable exploring with you."
She nodded, clearly processing what he was telling her.
"Who knows," he said slyly, "maybe I'm just okay with it because I know any other cock you see now, you'll compare to mine. And mine will always win."
"You're not wrong about that," she smiled.
"See, told you it was all selfish," he nudged her. "Just trying to get big dick compliments out of it."
"It that your way of telling me I should be giving you more big dick compliments?"
He shrugged. "I wouldn't be mad if you did."
"I'm obsessed with it, Jack," she said earnestly, looking up at him with her pretty, blue doll eyes. "If cock worship is what you're into, I'd been more than happy to oblige with 100% sincerity."
"I don't know aboutinto it, but I wouldn't mind finding out, if you're ever feeling inspired."
"I'm inspired to lavish your cock with praise every time I get to see it or touch it." She bit her lip, looking down.
He wasn't sure if he'd been serious when he mentioned it or not, but the lust on Killian's face fully convinced him that he wanted to experience it. "I think we should revisit this idea when we aren't in public," he said, catching her eye.
She blushed when she realized he'd seen her staring at his crotch, and said, "Agreed."
"There's one thing I wondered—want clarification on," said Killian. "You want to keep my heart. You don't want me to date Logan. That's fine. But why do we have permission to flirt then?"
He was quiet for a long time, before saying, "I'll try to explain it." He didn't know how. He'd never thought of how to articulate it before. "There are certain feelings you don't get with me. We've known each other for so long. I know that this part of our relationship is a new experience, and there's always going to be lots of amazing new things to experience together, but it doesn't change the fact that we know each other inside out. You get the comfort of safety to explore anything you want with me. But sometimes the thrill of the unknown is fun too." He hoped that made sense to her.
"Killie, sometimes it feels like you think I'm worried I'm not enough for you. I want you to trust that it's not like that at all. I'm going to keep you forever, and I think that's a pretty realistic goal. I don't feel like this threatens our relationship. We're inseparable. I know I can satisfy you. Just me. But I have the opportunity to give you even more; if I can give you something you'd enjoy, why would I not do it?"
"Thank you, Jack. I do trust you. I'm sorry I've been acting so awkward but talking today made me feel a lot better."
"Do you want to have this arrangement or not? Honestly," he asked, hoping she'd be open to talking about it. He was briefly amused by the role reversal. Who would have thought he'd be the one trying to get her to open up? "Neither of us will be upset or mad at you if you realized you were into the idea but found out you weren't comfortable with it in reality."
She bit her lip. "I'd really like to give it a try—the kinky trio arrangement. It's a huge turn on for me. Like, really huge," she blushed. "My sex life went from zero to a hundred so fast and it's almost overwhelming, but in a good way. I guess it was hard for me to wrap my head around having this crazy hot fantasy in real life. The too-good-to-be-true feeling." She took his hand in hers and wove her fingers through his. "I do believe you. I think I just needed to hear it from you. I didn't want to make any assumptions and fuck things up with you."
"Is there anything you want to change about the arrangement that would make you more comfortable? I'm sure Logan would be open to it. Or you and I can talk about it together. I guess we haven't talked about it much, just the two of us."
She shook her head, though it looked like she was pondering things. "Are you sure you're comfortable with me seeing Logan and not telling you first?"
"I think so," he said. "It definitely shocked me yesterday because it was the first time, but I wasn't upset by it. Would you be more comfortable telling me first? That's totally cool with me too. Don't feel like you have to keep it from me. I just wanted to give you the freedom either way."
"I think it threw me because it had never happened before too. I learned thathusband comes home from work early and finds cheating wifeis definitely not my kink. That's sort of what I kept comparing it to and I didn't like how that felt."
"How about,husband comes home from work early and finds slut wife fucking stepbrother...with permission," he suggested.
"Yeah," she laughed. "That works for me much better."
"Husband and wife, huh?" he nudged her playfully.
"Oh shut up," she said shyly. "I meant the concept."
"Well, I like that concept." He kissed her softly. "Not right now, obviously, but eventually."
"Step one, tell our families we are dating."
He laughed. "Whenever you want, babe."
She groaned. "I really want to tell them but I feel like my parents would not be into us spending the night together when they know we're boning."
"I know," he nodded, "it's definitely a possibility. We'll figure out the right time to tell them."
Killian put her head on his shoulder; he put an arm around her. Jack felt better. He hoped she felt the same relief. They fell into a peaceful silence, enjoying their private moment and the beauty of their surroundings.
LOGAN
Logan had come up with a brilliant—albeit obvious—excuse for the three of them to be behind closed doors on Friday night. His new bedroom was the former den. Said den is where Killian and Jack used to do movie night. They'd moved it to the living room after Logan's acquisition. Logan's room did still have a couch and TV in it. No reason the three of them couldn't do movie night together in its original location.
Now they were all on the couch together watching old episodes of The Twilight Zone in the dimmed light of his room. To be fair, they hadn't done much watching. Both boys were far more interested in groping Killian than what was on TV, and she was enjoying having her pick of who to make out with whenever she wanted.
It was after Killian crawled into Logan's lap and straddled him, that he suggested, "Bed?"
She got up, and he pushed her gently into his bed. He pulled her top off before moving on top of her, enjoying their heated kiss very much. One of his legs was between her legs and she was thrusting against his thigh. And his raging erection. Killian moaned against his lips as his hands explored her body. It was clear from the rhythm of her grinding that Killian was thinking about the same thing he was; what it would be like to have him buried deep her pussy.
Unable to resist being inside her any longer, Logan slid his hand into her shorts. When Killian thrust into him again, he sunk two fingers into her wet slit. Hot and slick and tight. She gasped and thrust eagerly against his palm. Knowing he'd likely never learn how Killian's sweet little pussy would feel on his cock, he settled for enjoying it on his fingers.
Killian was gasping and squirming and practically dripping into his hand.
Logan looked over his shoulder to Jack, who was sitting on the bed, and said, "She needs you." Logan got off of Killian, slowly pulling his fingers out. He pulled Killian's shorts off while Jack undressed.
Jack lay down next to Killian. She kissed him hotly, her hands roaming his skin. Then she rolled onto her side, so she was spooned against Jack and facing Logan.
"Will you watch?" Killian asked quietly. She sounded almost nervous to ask.
He raised his brows slightly. It wasn't what he'd expected but he didn't mind. "Of course, princess," he said, leaning over to give her a kiss. "Show me how much you like fucking my brother."
Killian almost looked surprised by his response. He wasn't sure what she'd expected him to say either, but it apparently wasn't that. She seemed to like it though.
"Is this the position you want it in?" asked Jack, kissing her ear and neck.
"Yes."
Logan could see Jack's dick poking out from between her thighs, sliding against her pussy lips. He aligned himself with her tight hole and reached around her to part her lips carefully with one hand and make the entrance of his thick cock easier.
Killian whimpered a little as Jack stretched her pussy. She opened her eyes and met Logan's gaze. He was watching her, as promised. He'd taken off his shirt and was only wearing a pair of shorts that were now tented by his rigid dick, which Killian's attention had landed on. Logan didn't take his eyes off her as he rubbed the front of his shorts.
"You have the best pussy in the world, baby girl," Jack moaned softly in her ear. When he had finally thrust his way in as far as he could, he started to pump in and out of her. The fingers that had kept her lips parted moved to her clit, making her twitch a little.
Logan felt a wet spot growing on his shorts where he had started leaking precum. He slid his hand in his pants and wrapped around his cock, feeling it flex excitedly in response.
Killian began to return Jack's thrusts eagerly. He kept her pinned firmly against him, preventing her movements from become too fast as he rubbed her clit in tight circles. A tremor ran through her body. "It's happening already," she whispered, eyes locked on Logan. "I'm cumming."
Killian shuddered in ecstasy. Jack kept thrusting, slow and steady. Clearly, in no hurry to rush to the finish line. He'd let up on her clit a little bit but when she had stopped peaking he started to tease it again. Logan had rid himself of his shorts too and was now opening stroking himself while he watched.
"Spread your knees, baby," said Jack. "I'm going to keep making you cum."
Killian did as she was told, bending one knee and moving it up so her pussy was more easily accessible. It also spread her towards Logan. His eyes traveled down her body, landing on her pussy, though the view was partially obstructed by Jack's hand, still working her clit.
"It feels so good," she breathed.
"You're going to cum again, aren't you, princess?" Logan said lowly, watching her writhing in pleasure.
"Yes, Sir." Killian let out a low moan of arousal.
Killian's eyes had gone to Logan's crotch, and she was seemingly fixated on watching him beat off. She was a captive audience. A little bit of sticky, clear precum had dripped on to his hand while he was pleasuring himself and she was looking at it hungrily.
"I need to cum again now," Killian announced. She was ready.
"That's it, baby girl," Jack murmured, "cum on my cock."
"Oh god," she moaned, eyes still on Logan, "it's so good."
Logan was working his shaft quickly while he watched her orgasm again, enjoying the show. Jack stopped toying with Killian's clit, his hand gripping her hip instead. He controlled their speed, forcing himself deeper into her channel until he bottomed out. He ground into her, slow and deep.
"Fuck, Jack," she gasped, reaching behind her and gripping a handful of Jack's hair. "Your dick is so fucking huge."
"I know, baby, and you're doing such a good job taking it," he praised her. "Now spread your legs wide and play with your clit until you cum again."
Killian released her hold on Jack's hair and obediently started to pleasure herself.
"Do you like watching me cum?" Killian asked Logan.
"It's beautiful, sweetheart," he smiled at her. "So sexy. Are you going to show me again?"
Killian nodded. He watched her pull her clit hood up, exposing her sensitive nub. Using some of the wetness from her pussy, Killian lightly touched directly on it. Her legs twitched a little in response. She slowly rubbed it.
"Is it sensitive like that?" asked Logan, his eyes on her pussy as she rubbed her most pleasurable part. He didn't think she usually liked that kind of direct contact.
"Yes," she gasped, continuing her motion. "It's intense." She rubbed, fast and light, back and forth. Her body was trembling with pleasure.
"Oh Killie, baby, your little cunt feels too good," groaned Jack.
"Fill me, Daddy?" she asked hopefully. Jack just grunted in response, holding her close while his body jerked in orgasmic pleasure. Evidently, it was enough to trigger her orgasm too. She tried to stifle a soft cry as pleasure burst within her.
Killian and Jack caught their breath while Logan continued his work in front of them. Killian's eyes had been intently fixed on him the whole time and it made him feel very exposed. But that was also making him intensely aroused. He liked forcing Killian to masturbate while he watched, but he'd never considered the other way around. He didn't feel humiliated or any less dominant. He was enjoying it. Killian was so tiny and Jack was so big—it was hot to watch them fuck. He'd gotten off to far lower quality porn.
"Kneel for me," Logan growled at Killian. "I need somewhere to blow my load." He sat up and moved to the edge of the bed as she knelt on the ground. He kept jerking it, his hand quick and light on his cock. She looked up at him longingly. He had a feeling she'd been hoping for this. What she didn't know was that he hadn't gotten off at all the past two days. His balls were full, and he was ready to release. He hoped she would enjoy the surprise.
With a soft grunt, he held his cock firmly and pointed it at Killian's tits. Hot spunk splattered her. She was watching with a look of satisfaction on her face which turned to one of amazement as he continued to unload on her. It felt like it went on forever. Spurt after spurt of jizz.
She looked down at her chest when he had finished cumming. He was completely drained. "Thank you," she said appreciatively. "That was incredible." And she couldn't even see how much had gotten on her face.
"Mm, thank you, princess. You look so hot right now." He'd never coated anyone in that much cum before.
Jack, who had been lying down, sat up so he could get a look at Killian too. "Jesus Christ, man," he raised his eyebrows as he took in the sight, clearly impressed and surprised.
"I've never seen you cum so much before," said Killian, admiring her chest.
"It's been a couple days." Logan's face felt very warm. He certainly was not used to having two people's attention focused on his cumshot. Though, he supposed it was kind of flattering.
"As much as I'd enjoy watching my cum dry on you, here's a towel." Logan handed her a towel. It probably wasn't the safest idea for the three of them to be naked in his room for any extended period of time.
Killian and Jack hung out in his room for a while longer until they'd both got enough strength up to go back to Jack's room. It was kind of weird to have them there and then gone. But it probably would have been weirder if they'd stayed. Logan didn't know what was normal anymore.