*All characters are over the age of 18.
BIRTHDAY PARTY
This is a story about Michael, and his 18th birthday. He and his friends decided the best way to spend it, would be to go to a nice dinner, and then to a strip club. Michael bounced this off of his mom, Amy. Amy was 47 years old, tall, blonde, and in great shape.
"Well, you are 18," Amy said. "What can I say, no? BUT... I do have one requirement. I'm going with you."
"Seriously mom? You want me to take my mom to a strip club with my friends? On my birthday?"
"Yes. That is, if you want to go at all," she said, with a smile. "I just don't want y'all going by yourselves. I'll stay out of the way, I promise."
The day arrived the following week. Michael headed out with five of his best friends.... and his mom. First to dinner, and then to the club. "Remember mom," Michael said. "Out of the way. No offense."
"None taken."
After entering, Amy found a quiet table by herself by the entrance, where she could keep an eye on Michael and his friends. She played on her phone, looking up every once in a while to see one of them jamming cash into a stripper's underwear. She chuckled to herself.
After about half an hour, Amy was approached by an attractive blonde dancer. "Hi, my name is Amber. Me and my friend Danielle would like to take the birthday boy into the back for a private show. You're his mother, right?"
"Yes that's right," Amy replied, wondering about this. "He doesn't need my permission. He's turning 18 today."
"Gotcha," said Amber. "Would you like to join us? There is plenty of room."
"I think I'll just stay here and read, thanks. I'll come fetch them eventually."
"Are you sure? It could be fun...."
"No," Amy replied. "I promised to stay out of the way. Thank you though."
Amy watched the six boys walk into the back with Amber and Danielle.
Another half an hour passed, and Amy realized that no one had come in or out of that back room since they all entered. Curiosity began to get the better of her. Just a quick look, she thought to herself, as she got up from her table and approached the door.
Upon entering, she saw a topless Danielle getting up off of her son's lap. Maybe this was a mistake, she thought. The chair on which her son was sitting was in the middle of the room, surrounded in a semi-circle by chairs occupied by Michael's friends. Michael was, apparently, the man of the hour.
"Oh, here's mom," said Amber, also topless. "You missed the first two lap dances, but there will be more. Come sit down," she said, motioning to an open chair.
"No, really," Amy replied. "I'll just wait out front."
Amber took her by the hand. "No, I insist." She sat her down in one of the empty chairs, facing her son, eagerly awaiting his next dance.
"Let's see," Amber said toyingly. "He's already received dances from me and Danielle. Mom, you want to give it a shot?"
Amy laughed out loud. So did the boys. There was some hooting and hollering. "No," Amy said. "I think I'll leave this to y'all."
"Nonsense!" Danielle said, picking up Amy by her armpits, and walking her the few steps over to where her son was sitting. "Have a seat," she said, plopping her down in her son's lap.
"This is ridiculous," Amy muttered. "I'm not giving my son a lap dance."
"Just do what comes natural," Amber offered. "Just have fun with it."
Amy sarcastically tossed her hair around, and gave Michael a kiss on the cheek. "There, done. Happy?" she said as she started to get up. Danielle placed her hands on her shoulders and sat her back down.
"Come on, he's turning 18. Let him have some fun," Amber said. "Do something interesting. Take off his shirt."
Amy thought, okay that's not crazy. I can do that, and then be done with this. She reached up and peeled his shirt off of him, jokingly swung it above her head a few times, and then tossed it across the room. More hooting and hollering from the gallery.
"Let's go further," said Amber. "Unbutton his shorts."
"This is so dumb," Amy said, reaching out and unbuttoning his pants, as ordered. "There."
"Now unzip them," came the next order from Amber. Again, Amy reached out, and did it.
"Take them off," Amber said, emphatically. Amy paused. Fun or not, that is getting weird. If sitting on her son's lap in front of his friends wasn't weird enough. But, she had a feeling they weren't going to take no for an answer.
So she pulled at the waist, until they had come loose, and pulled them down his legs, and then all the way off. Amy's son was now sitting underneath her only wearing his boxer briefs.
She immediately noticed his erection. It was huge. And straining through his underwear, with his mother on his lap.
"Scoot up closer," Amber said. "And give the birthday boy a big kiss on the mouth."
Danielle assisted in pushing Amy further up her son's lap. She stopped right before making contact with the enormous bulge in his pants. She put her hands on his thighs to steady herself, and made sure to not make contact with his raging hard-on.
Amy leaned in, and kissed Michael on the mouth. He brought his hands to her face, and kissed her back. Both mouths opened slightly.
It lasted longer than Amy anticipated, and she pulled away as she felt his tongue against hers. Oohs and ahhs from the crowd. Okay, maybe that's it, she thought. Nope.
"Look at how turned on he is," Amber offered. "Touch his dick and feel how hard it is."
Amy began to feel some very conflicted emotions. Her eyes were locked on her son's massive erection, just inches away from her fingertips. And she was still thinking about his tongue in her mouth.
Her fingers began to stir. He was hard because of her. She wanted to feel how hard she had made him.
The festive nature of the room suddenly got a lot more quiet. The boys found themselves leaning in to get a better view. Michael had his hot mom on his lap, in only his underwear. And she was staring at his cock.
With her right hand, she slowly began to reach out towards the bulge pointing straight up in the air. What am I doing? Amy thought to herself.
She made contact with the area around the base of his penis. She left her hand there for a moment, and gave it an almost imperceptible squeeze.
"Well," Amber said. "Is it as hard as it looks from here?"
"Yes," Amy replied softly.
"Yes, what?" toyed Amber.
"Yes his cock is very hard."
Her mind was racing. She knew this was crazy, but she couldn't help herself. She needed to free herself from the situation, but at the same time she didn't want to. She was just having fun, right? Like they said. Another gentle squeeze at the base of his hard cock.
"Stroke him through his underwear," Amber said.
Amy took the material of the underwear, and wrapped it tight around her son's hard cock. It was now framed for her. She could make out the round tip.
She slowly began to rub her hand up the shaft, and then down. She felt precum from the tip against her fingers, and shuddered. I caused that, she thought to herself. He's leaking precum because his mother is rubbing his cock through his underwear.
It's fine, she thought. I'm just touching his underwear. Another stroke up and down. His cock twitched in her hand.
"Pull it out," ordered Amber. "Touch his bare skin."
The room fell silent, except for the loud music playing. Amy didn't hesitate. She was too locked into the moment, and she needed to see it freed from the material.
She didn't care that it was her son, or that they were being watched. He was hard because of her, and she wanted to see what it looked like when he is that aroused.
She grabbed the waistline, and pulled down quickly. His hard cock sprung free.
Amy pulled the pants down his legs and off. Michael was now completely nude with his mother on his lap.
She reached out with both hands, and wrapped one around the base, and the other on top. He was big, and so erect.
She tried to push the thought out of her head, that she wanted to make him cum. To get him so aroused, that he actually achieves orgasm from his mom, in front of a group of people.
Amy started to stroke him. She played with the tip, smearing the precum all around the head. It was throbbing in her hands.
Oh god how I'd like to.... she began to think to herself.
"Put it in your mouth," said Amber, finishing her thought.
The room was about to explode. The boys fidgeted in their seats.
Amy took a few seconds, and then slowly lowered her mouth towards her son's very erect penis. It was like something from a dream. She was about to have her son's penis in her mouth.
She held it with both hands as her tongue softly touched the tip. It twitched, and produced more precum. Amy squeezed the head, and another drop fell on her tongue. She could taste it.
As she opened her mouth to take all of his cock in, a part of her woke up. What am I doing? she wondered. She was about to put her son's hard dick in her mouth.
She found a speck of self control. "Wait," she said, bringing herself back up. "This is too much."
"Michael doesn't look like it's too much," Amber said, motioning to his cock, still standing at attention. Danielle stood behind Amy, and took her hands, trapping them behind her back. Amy's chest was now jutting out, with her arms pinned as they were.
"Go ahead Michael," Amber said, motioning to Amy's top. "Unwrap your birthday present. See what's underneath."
Some of the boys literally moaned in anticipation of this. Amy had her hands fixed behind her back, but remained silent. She was still recovering from almost sucking her son's dick.
Michael reached out to his mom's little pink sweater. A series of snaps held it together, and right now they were under a lot of strain.
He ran his finger down the front, and let it drift a little to the right, and then to the left. He could feel her nipples through the thin sweater, and ran a finger over both. Amy squirmed on his lap.
Michael then began playing with the top snap between his fingers. After a few seconds it came free. He then let his hand rest on his mother's cleavage that he had just exposed. He felt her breathing heavily.
His hand moved to the second snap. It too came loose. He could see her bra across the middle of her chest now, and felt the material between his fingers.
"Just do it Michael," said Amber. "Rip it open."
Amy looked down her chest, as Michael grabbed the sides of her sweater at breast level. She wondered if he would really do it.
With one quick pull, the remaining snaps all came free, and Amy's sweater was suddenly separated down the middle. He opened the sides, revealing his mom's lacy white bra to everyone. He pushed the two sides off her shoulders and down her arms, still held behind her by Danielle.
"It clasps in the front," Amber noted. "Open it up. Show us your mom's tits."
Amy stirred. The conflicted feelings were back. She knew this needed to stop, but she also knew what she felt in her own panties.
The entire room, including her son, was waiting to see her exposed breasts. They all wanted that bra to come off. Including a group of high school boys.
A part of Amy wanted her son to to strip her, with her hands tied helplessly. And for him to be responsible for her breasts being exposed to a room full of horny people. The thought of her son taking those kinds of liberties with his mother made her fidget on his lap.
Michael reached for the clasp, paused briefly, and then quickly undid it. The boys all leaned in closer.
"Take it off," Amber said. Michael grabbed the unfastened bra by the edges of the cups, and pulled them apart.
An audible moan came from Amy, as her heaving, perky tits were now indeed exposed to everyone. She felt the cold air on her hard pink nipples. Danielle took the rest of the bra off and tossed it on the floor.
Amy momentarily closed her eyes, as everyone stared. Her son had stripped her completely topless in front of a crowd of people. Her pussy quivered.
"They're beautiful," Amber said, running her hand down Amy's exposed left breast. "Well Michael," she said teasingly. "You've got your mom on your lap, with her naked awesome tits in your face. What would you like to do now?"
Michael reached under and grabbed Amy's tight ass through her little skirt, and moved her even closer to him. He left the skirt bunched around her waist. With one hand he started stroking his cock, and with the other he touched his mother's bare left tit. He moved his mouth towards it.
He's not going to.... Amy thought, as he bit down on her nipple. More conflicted feelings. I need to stop this, she thought, as he took her hard nipple into his mouth.
He moved her closer. She was almost on top of him. Michael felt her rapid breaths on his neck. He reached under her skirt, and felt her wet panties. Amy moaned as he felt her lips through the wet material.
Michael again took his mom's face in his hands, and brought her lips to his. They immediately began kissing passionately. And again he attempted to put his tongue in her mouth. This time she didn't stop him.
As she sucked on his tongue, he lowered his hands to her breasts, and softly kneaded them. She moaned into his mouth. When Amy felt her nipples being pinched, she broke off the kiss and reached for his cock, and started rapidly stroking it. She realized that she wanted to feel him cum on her, and shuddered.
Michael then picked her up by her ass cheeks, and placed her down on his cock. He could feel her wet panties on him, and he started to dry hump them.
Amy moaned into her son's ear as she felt his hard cock attempting to break through the barrier of her thin panties. This was getting dangerous. One little slip would mean insertion.
"We shouldn't be doing this...." she whispered. "We're being very bad.... You shouldn't be touching your...." she started, as his cock pushed into her lips, pressing it and her panties inside her.
"Oh my god," she moaned, giving in. She could feel him trying to enter her. She looked down at his cock pressing into her, with only a thin layer separating them.
Amy instinctively wanted to pull her panties aside, to allow his penis inside of her. But then she remembered where she was, and that her hands were pinned behind her. And that the cock belonged to her son. She was delirious.
Michael had similar thoughts. As he was thrusting against her panty-covered mound, he actually reached out and grabbed her panties to pull them aside. It would be so easy to just slide it in her.
He had a handful of the wet material in his hand. One quick tug, and he could have it inside of her.... But he thought better of it and let them go. He suddenly had a different issue.
He was about to cum now, and he wanted to cum on her tits. Michael sat her down off of him, and angled his cock to where it was aimed directly at her exposed breasts, just inches away.
The tip of his hard cock touched her right nipple. Amy looked down and watched her son's penis spasm.
Michael took her breasts in his hands, and pushed his rock hard penis between them. "Oh god," Amy said, as he began to thrust in and out of her tits, now lubed with his precum. I'm getting titfucked by my son, Amy thought.
That was it. He paused, and Amy braced herself as she watched his cock pulsate, before the first shot of hot cum hit her in the middle of her chest. She gasped at the force of it.
The following shots hit her mostly in the tits. He milked it all out, eventually, rubbing his cock over his mom's wet tits.
When he was done, he spread it evenly around both breasts, taking care to cover both hard nipples. It was the most he had ever cum in his life.
Amy looked down her exposed torso, at her breasts covered in her son's cum. That actually happened, she thought to herself. My son came on my tits. The thought made her panties as wet as her chest.
Mock applause from Amber. "Wow, that was amazing. And hey, he's 18, he can go again at any time."
Danielle pulled Amy's skirt up until her panties became fully visible. She slipped her fingers under the waistband, quickly ran a finger down her wet lips, and then pulled the panties off to the side. Everyone in the room stared at Amy's exposed, glistening pussy.
"Round two anyone?" Amber asked. "Michael, it's your birthday. Treat yourself," she said, leaning in closer, and gesturing towards his mother's now-revealed wet pussy sitting right in front of him. "Do you want to fuck her?"
Michael looked at his mom, and his cum running down her chest. "Yes."
Amber replied, "Then do it."
THE END