[note: This story is partly generated with an AI. I write a sentence or 2, then the AI writes a sentence or 2 based on what I write and it goes on like that. This is mostly for fun, kind of like a new way to get my porn. I have a couple of chapters ready that I'll try to release regularly. It's definitely not a work of art but the AI can get pretty good sometimes depending on my inputs!]
Lola, Steve and Tony are going to the club tonight. A really special club! Everyone's been talking about how great it has been and how many girls they've seen go in there! Lola's been excited about it since she first saw the posters. She's got her sexiest dress on. She's even wearing heels. She can't wait to see everyone's reaction when they see her walk in. She knows that everyone will be lining up to get their hands on her. Her dress is pretty revealing, showing off her cleavage to the best effect. It hugs her perfect curves and flows around her legs. There are long slit on each side that shows her long legs and ass. And it's clear that she's not wearing any underwear.
She walks into the club holding hands with Steve and Tony. They make their way straight to the bar and order a round of drinks. They find a seat at a table and sit there drinking their shots.
"Hey Lola!" someone shouts "Over here!"
Lola turns around and sees a tall blonde woman approaching her.
"Mia!! What are you doing here?!" Lola exclaims excitedly.
Mia hugs her tight and kisses her on the lips.
"My husband's business partners invited us here. You're looking gorgeous baby!!" she says.
Lola smiles shyly and blushes slightly. Mia sits down next to her and rests her arm over her shoulder. She notices that Mia is wearing an expensive dress as well. Lola looks over at Steve who nods at her. She smiles and returns her attention back to Mia.
"So what's your boyfriend's name?" Mia asks.
"It's Steve" Lola answers.
"Oh! Your new boy toy huh??" Mia teases Lola. She looks over at Steve.
"Nice to meet you, I'm Mia", she introduces herself. Steve shakes her hand.
"Nice to meet you Mia", Steve tells her.
"Come on, let me buy you a drink!", Mia says as she stands up. She pulls Lola with her to the bar where she orders drinks for the four of them.
"I never thought you would settle down," Mia says.
"Oh well... we're kind of... in an... in an open relationship!" Lola says nervously.
"Open relationship? That sounds like an interesting idea!", Mia replies. "Are you fucking anyone else other than Steve?"
"Well yeah... I've kind of been fucking with Tony... his best friend" Lola answers.
Mia giggles. "I bet that's fun! Having the authorization to fuck your boyfriend's best friend!"
Lola laughs too and shrugs her shoulders. The bartender brings them their drinks and they get back to their table with Tony and Steve.
"Hi baby!" Steve says as he kisses her cheeks.
"Hey!" Lola smiles back at him. Lola notices that Mia has her hand on Tony's thigh.
"So how was it to fuck Lola?" Mia asks seductively to Tony. "
Uhm..good," Tony says with a slight blush on his face.
"That's good! So what about you, Steve? Do you like watching your best friend fucking your girlfriend?" she asks.
"Yeah she's fucking fantastic!" Steve replies confidently.
Mia laughs and squeezes Tony's leg. "See that's exactly what I wanted to hear. I think you two would make the best couple in the whole world!" she exclaims. "You and Lola are both just big naughty perverts! A match made in heaven!"
"Thanks Mia," Lola smiles.
"Ok let's go dance now! The night's still young!" Mia exclaims.
They all stand up and head towards the dance floor. Mia wraps her arms around Tony's neck. They start moving together to the beat of the music. Tony's eyes flutter shut as he feels Mia grind against him. He puts his hands on her ass and pulls her close. They continue grinding against each other while swaying to the music.
Lola's dancing happily on the dancefloor with Steve next to Tony and Mia. She's enjoying being in a crowded club. She doesn't care where she is or who is around her, she just enjoys feeling everybody bumping into her body. She grabs Steve by the hips and grinds up against him. He groans loudly and pulls her tightly against him. Their bodies start making out while the music continues playing.
Everyone's hands are touching someone. Everybody's bodies are pressed tightly against each other. People are grinding against each other, people are groping each other. Everything is getting heated up! Mia and Tony are making out while dancing and grinding against each other. Steve and Lola are making out as well. Mia and Tony turn around toward Lola and steve and start grinding against them.
Everyone starts to make out with somebody else. Everybody is having a good time. All eyes are on them, everybody wants to be near them. Nobody cares who is kissing whom, nobody cares if they're touching somebody's boobs, or if they're sucking each others faces. Lola is grinding against Steve. Steve is grinding against Mia. Tony is grinding against Lola.
Suddenly they heard loud cheers coming from the crowd. Lola stops grinding against Steve. She looks over and sees that everybody is clapping and whistling at her. She turns back to Steve and smiles widely. Lola grabs Steve by the waist and moves her hips against him as she continues grinding into him. Steve grabs hold of her hips tightly and starts grinding along with her.
Everybody keeps cheering louder and louder. Soon their tongues begin to intertwine together passionately. People scream 'Oohh!', 'Aahhh!!!'. They moan loudly as they make out with each other. They can't stop themselves. Lola pulls away suddenly and starts rubbing her big breasts against Tony. Steve grinds against Lola's ass. His hands reach out and grab her bottom firmly, pulling her against him.
Mia looks at Lola hungrily and starts sucking on her breasts through the thin material of her top. Tony sucks down on her other nipple and licks it roughly. Lola feels her panties getting wet as she moans. The crowd is cheering loudly at them. Tony looks up at Lola's face and smirks at her before licking her other breast. He then rubs his thumb on her clit.
"Fuck, Steve please fuck me right now!" she yells.
She's so horny, she could cum in seconds. She hears Steve say something along the lines of 'you sure are hot', which causes her to smile. Steve finally pull his cock out before gently inserting it in her pussy. The crowd is screaming "fuck her! Fuck her! Fuck her!" Steve pumps in and out slowly with Tony licking and suckling Lola's nipples and Mia now licking on her clit.
Everyone in the room is watching them, watching these two lovers thrust into each other. This gets the crowd even more excited. Tony pulls his dick out at his turn and Mia kneels down to suck it. Mia's tongue swirls around it as Tony enjoys her mouth. She starts bobbing her head back and forth sucking on it. Tony starts pumping his dick in and out faster.
Lola starts rocking her hips to the rhythm of the music. He takes ahold of her hips with both hands and starts pounding against her. Lola is moaning loudly. It feels so good! Tony pulls his cock out, removes Mia's dress and start fucking her from behind. She's bucking her hips, she's trying to take Tony's cock deeper inside of her.
"Oh God, yes, yes!!! Oh god oh god!!!" Lola yells out as she throws her head back into the air.
Mia is now getting fucked by Tony and taken by her lust she start kissing Lola. Mia and Lola are kissing while both are being fucked by Tony and Steve. Mia and Lola are screaming out loudly and everyone starts shouting "Make them cum!!!! Make them cum!!!! Make them cum!!!! Make them cum!!! Make them cum!!!!! MAKE THEM CUM!!!!! MAKE THEM CUM!!!! MAKE THEM CUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!".
Lola and Mia continues rocking their hips and throwing their head back into the air. They are completely lost in pleasure. They are moaning uncontrollably. They are going crazy. Lola and Mia moans loudly as they start to cum. Steve's and Tony's cum starts shooting everywhere. The audience screams even louder.
Lola and Mia are getting covered in cum. They look at each other and starts licking the cum off of each other 's bodies. Lola and Mia licks the cum off Steve's and Tony's dicks. Once again the room goes crazy. Lola and Mia starts kissing and swaping the cum in their mouths.
"Holy shit this is too hot!" Mia says between kisses.
Tony and Steve look at them lovingly.
"Damn!" Tony exclaims.
"Who knew the little bitch could kiss that good!" Mia chuckles in response.
They all take their clothes in their hand and go back to their table. The crowd is still clapping their hands at them  but it's not as loud. When they come back into their booth, Tony sits in front of Mia looking lovingly at her.
"You know you were amazing", he says.
"Don't worry babe; I'll give you a blowjob whenever you want", Mia jokes.
"Wait, didn't you say you came here with your husband Mia?" Steve asks her.
Laughing, "yes!" She answers.
"What do you mean?" Tony asks with a serious expression on his face.
"My husband is actually over there", She says "He was watching us fuck all this time"
"I bet he enjoyed the show!" Steve says teasingly.
"I hope so!" Mia responds smiling as well "You were a really nice fuck Tony!"
"And you were a very sexy fuck Mia!" Tony replied grinning.
The girl blushes slightly but laughs afterwards. "So I have to ask you guys... How did you all like fucking like animals in front of a crowd?" Mia asks everyone.
"Fuck it was so crazy good!! I didn't it would be so hot to fuck in front of an audience!!!!" Lola exclaims herself. "It felt SOOO great!!!"
"Yeah man you really looked good!!" Steve admits.
"I totally agree with you! You were so hot!!!" Tony agrees.
"Well thanks but what about you guys? How did you like the fuck?" Lola asks.
"Oh man, I couldn't help myself when Mia showed me all her tits!!!" Tony exclaims excitedly "That bitch has such beautiful breasts!!!"
"Hell yeah! Those were the best breasts I've ever seen!!!" Steve admits as well "But fuck... Lola's pussy is the best!"
"Yup!" Mia agrees "She tastes so good!"
"And that moment at the end when you both girls were covered in cum... FUCK I want to see that again!" Steve exclaims.
"Me too!" Tony adds.
The three friends laugh loudly at Steve and Tony's comments. After a few minutes of talking about different sexual activities the four friends decide to call it a night. They all give each other a passionate goodbye kiss with the tongue and leave.