***All characters in this fiction are over the age of 18***
*****
As far back as I can remember, I've always known my sister was a bona fide hottie. She was when we were 12 and we moved; she was when I was cresting puberty and discovering just exactly how awkward boners can get; she was when she finally left me in peace and went to college. I knew because I couldn't not know: literally all of my friends growing up had huge crushes on her and weren't even remotely shy about letting me know it. Throw in an unashamed slutty streak she went through in high school, and it was pretty much impossible for me not to admit that she was a solid 9 or 10 across the spectrum of male desire. All that said, I was really very good about compartmentalizing my heterosexual male desire for women with the fact that she is my sister.
At least until I saw her naked, which was what started the whole fucking mess.
It happened by accident one day after she'd come home from college for the summer. Mom and Dad brought us out to the lake the first Saturday she was back. She'd spent the last few summers working near her college as a waitress, so I hadn't really seen her in quite a while. Our parents were excited to have the whole family back together, and decided to make the day trip as a sort of celebration. We lived in a pretty small town then so beach trips were big news, and since we were so close with all of our neighbors most of them came along. My dad brought some of his single friends, my best friend Joel and his family came along, and our next-door neighbors came along with their only daughter, Lauren.
The neighborhood was so small that it was pretty much a family affair, and it was a pretty PG-13 affair for the most part. Lauren and I were dating on and off on the sly then, and had been for the last six or so years. We were only 18, and we didn't want our parents or anybody knowing anything, so we were pretty quiet about the whole affair. And to be honest since she was pretty religious we hadn't really done much together physically, but we'd been very close friends for the ten years since I'd moved in next door to her. I tried some moves, but under her parents' strict watch I knew nothing was really going to happen anyways. So after I got denied once more trying to cozy up to her while the sun was setting, I gave up and fucked off to the lake's changing stalls.
It was, I maintain, merely a happy accident that when I pulled a privacy curtain roughly aside, Brittany happened to be behind it. She was toweling her blonde hair, both hands above her head, her delicious-looking breasts riding high on her chest, pert and perky. Brittany had huge breasts, or at least large ones. I pegged them at either Ds or DDs. They sat naturally on her frame; she was almost as tall as I was, and I was an athletic 6'1" at the time. My eyes wandered lecherously down her body in that moment, all too brief, past her taut fit tummy down to her stubbornly shaved snatch. I don't know for certain whether it was shaved or waxed, but I can state with authority that I never even once saw even a glimpse of stubble anywhere near it. Her thighs were muscular but not especially lean, suggesting an incredible ass that at least then I didn't get a look at. The whole moment lasted less than a second, but is imprinted on my mind forever.
"Eek!" she shrieked, proverbially slamming the curtain shut. "Jesus Christ!"
Indeed.
I was frozen there, a second or two, before I ran away. Ladies and gentlemen, I literally ran away, as though I was frightened. Maybe I ran from my thoughts. Maybe they were chasing me.
Outside the changing stalls, my Mom asked me if I had seen Brittany.
"No," I insisted, "She's my sister! I'm riding home with Joel."
Of all my friends who ever crushed on Brittany, Joel crushed the hardest. He crushed to the point where it was legitimately creepy, and sometimes I had to wonder whether he was really my best friend or if he was just hanging around me for opportunities to hang out near Brittany, but when she went away to college and he stayed, I figured he was legitimately a bro. So of course I had to talk to him.
"I can't believe you saw Brittany naked," he whispered back to me in the back seat of his Dad's van, "What did she look like?"
"I don't know," I said, "I don't want to think about it." The truth was, I couldn't stop thinking about it. Just to keep myself from whipping my dick out and masturbating right there, I was running my anti-boner thought reel through my head on repeat. (For those curious, imagine Winston Churchill fucking Margaret Thatcher and may you never be hard again.) Joel, however, was not to be denied.
"What do her boobs look like?" he asked.
"Like tits," I said, "Just, whatever."
"What color are her nipples?"
"Pink," I said without thinking.
"Oh god," he said, "How big are they? Are they pointy?"
"They're a little pointy, I guess."
"How big around?" he asked.
"The areolas? I don't know. Medium, I guess?"
"Oh man," he said, "I'm going to imagine her with tiny ones."
You can probably guess that Joel didn't have all that much experience with women at that point. It blew my mind back then. The guy grew up inexplicably dark-skinned and lean, but a little on the lanky side. He was an attractive guy by all means, but he just didn't get blessed with the social graces. Not that I had all that much experience to brag about, but in one of my off phases with Lauren, a girl named Marie took my virginity on my couch. Compared to Joel, I considered myself a veritable ladies' man.
Not that I was immune to Brittany's beauty. Once I was safely home in my room and behind closed doors, I was ready to clear out all sorts of uncomfortable sexual energy. I stripped down to my boxers and my erection was just about ready to force itself free. I shut off my room lights to hopefully discourage any unwanted family entry. Only the light from my computer screensaver lit my room, since this was back when those were popular. I quietly started rubbing myself seated on my computer chair, when I caught sight out my window of the light from Lauren's room next door.
Yes, my teenage girlfriend was literally my girl next door. And she looked every bit the part as well. Lauren appeared in the little frame of her window, all tiny little 5'2" of her. She had long dark brown hair, and she was wearing her bathrobe. She walked up to her window frame, and caught my eye. I knew what was afoot.
Although Joel was my "official" best friend, Lauren was more or less my closest friend ever since we moved here when I was 8. We started doing the childhood dating thing in middle school when we were 12 or 13, holding hands between classes and such, but we were the textbook definition of on and off. We'd had a long 'off' period recently, but in our last year of high school when we realized we'd soon be long parting, a surge of emotions had come over us and some of the passion had returned. That was just after I'd had the fling with Marie, who was two years older than me. Truth be told, I think maybe Marie had made Lauren a little jealous. Or maybe Lauren just had a tiny bit of exhibitionist in her. Either way, a few months after Marie left me before all the shit, when Joel, Lauren and I were approaching 19 and just getting ready to finish high school and head our separate ways for college, she had started giving me sexy little treats through our windows.
Even though we were living in the time of Facebook messenger, Lauren and I were so accustomed to speaking through the looking glass that it was second nature to us. We had dry erase boards by our windows to write messages on, and laser pointers to get each other's attention. But more often than the laser pointers, we seemed to have a special mental connection when we wanted each other's attention. And she had wanted my attention more often recently. Every once in a while, before she went to bed, Lauren would come to her window and undress to her sleep clothes for me. It wasn't nearly as scandalous or outrageously sexy as it sounds; more often than not, she wore a long plaid gown, but she would tease me with the reveal from her robe. Although every once in a while, she'd show me a peep of herself in a small tank top and sexy panties that I was only able to glimpse just the top of over the bottom of her window frame. A few times she dressed down to her plain bra and undies. I'd always smile back at her, maybe take my shirt off or mime masturbating, or occasionally actually just rub one out. I assumed my cock was out of view due to the height of my window, like her cooch would be if she ever went bottomless.
Anyways, it just so happened that when I was caught up in the fever that night, thinking about my naked sister Brittany, that Lauren happened to catch my eye. She was wearing her plain bathrobe. We made eye contact. I was gently stroking. She gave me a naughty smile, and started making side eyes as if she was afraid anyone else might see. And when I guess she felt reasonably self-assured, she made the by-then familiar to me movement of undoing the sash around her robe, clutching each side, and slowly teasing it open for me to view.
I was damn near floored, I tell you what. I'd been used to seeing her long plaid gown or like, a bra and panty set with Wal-Mart level sexiness. Maybe a tight tank top would be a pleasant surprise. But not that night.
Lauren was in full-on, sexy lingerie. The kind of stuff my naïve 18-year-old self would have imagined even Victoria's Secret would hide on their back shelves. Although in retrospect, her lacy black bralette and what I swore had to be matching black thong panties were a pretty vanilla entry in the sexy outfit category, it was still the sexiest I'd ever seen her looking. Although I was already pretty openly stroking my cock, I went into overdrive at the sight of her. She giggled, like she always did when she got that reaction out of me. Then she gently rubbed her breasts through her top, and even went so far as to jiggle them a little, before she finally closed her window shades and her light went dark.
Delightfully surprised as I was with the show from Lauren, I had greater masturbatory urgency in my head. And as I rubbed and stroked and feverishly fapped, all that was on my mind was the pertness of my sister's heavy breasts, bare in her changing stall, and when I closed my eyes I saw the erectness of her nipples, and when I came into my garbage can it was to the thought of her perfectly hairless pussy, a little slit in the skin of her most private area, and I came with the obtuse pleasure and abject shame of a man most confused. It remains, to this day, one of the greatest orgasms I've experienced.
And how I was a young man then. How I came, and immediately felt overcome with guilt and horror and religiously instilled shame, to think of my sister so, my very own flesh and blood, and how wrong it was to look upon her sexy body lustfully. How I used to even be able to feel shame. How certain I was then that I was going to hell, and that there was a hell, and that I would go there. But like any man worth the testicles in his sack, I was certain I could defy God, if it came to it. And so I figured, naively or otherwise, that the best path forward was to destroy what little evidence there was of my thought-crime. So I wrapped up my tiny domestic bedroom garbage bag, and brought it out to the bin we kept at the side of my house. I couldn't make eye contact with my parents on the way.
I almost literally crept my way out our back door and to the side of my house to our garbage bins, and just as I was getting rid of the evidence I heard a shuffling in the bushes. I opened my garbage bag in search of remnants of fruit bars I may have thrown out. I have had a weird little habit of feeding raccoons that come by our house, and thought one of the locals was in need of a tasty treat.
Alas, it was not to be. I saw a scrawny head poke itself out from a scrawny body hidden in the bushes.
"Joel?" I asked the darkness.
"Shut up, man," came his reply.
"What the hell are you doing out here?"
"Just get out of here. None of your business."
"Oh, I'm making it my business." I had a tendency to adopt attitude then. "What the hell are you doing in my bushes?"
"Jesus, man, just shut up. Nothing."
"Nothing?" I asked, "Really?"
When I got within grabbing range of him, which pretty much involved stepping at least waist-deep in heavy brush, I got him about the shoulder. He struggled, and tried to pull away. I caught him by a strap he had round his neck, and when he turned to run, a pair of binoculars slid into my hand.
"What the hell is this?" I asked.
"It's nothing."
"Well it sure doesn't look like nothing."
"Okay, man, whatever," he said, "You caught me. I was trying to peep on Brittany."
"Are you crazy?" I asked, "My parents are right inside. Anyone could see you."
"I don't care," he said, "I've got to see, man. Ever since you told me... I just can't get it out of my mind... I just need a peek, man. I've never seen a woman naked in real life before, and Brittany is honestly the hottest girl I know. I can't stop thinking about her."
"Too bad," I said, "That's my sister. I can't let you treat her like she's just some sex object."
I lunged. We toppled over into the bushes, and I tried to wrestle the binoculars from his grasp, but for such a skinny guy he has a pretty mean grip. I could feel that we were snapping branches. I worried my dad would hear us. He was the kind of dad who would cause ultimate shit if you fucked with his bushes. But his wasn't the voice I heard.
"Ricky?" I heard her say.
I popped my head above the foliage to gander at Lauren's window. She was poking her head out from between the center of her curtains. When she caught my eye, I saw a wicked smile cross her lips. And not just on her lips, but in her eyes, too. Her eyes caught a whip of sexiness in them, and I saw the curtains part a little wider. I saw her long robe drop off her shoulders; saw the instant exposure of the sexy parts of her skin. I saw her smile widen precociously, saw the tantalizing reveal of her naughty lingerie I'd seen just a few minutes earlier. And then, in shock and awe, I saw her smile turn a whole new shade of naughty as her hands raised up to tips of her bustier, her fingers slide in to catch grip, and watched as she pulled her bralette down over her breasts to flash me the flesh of her bare breasts for the first time.
I was dumbfounded. It must have only been for a second but it felt much longer. Until my idiot friend poked his stupid head out of the bushes, and his eyeballs darted directly to the tiny flesh of my maybe-girlfriend's exposed tits.
"Woah," he said loudly. That's when Lauren noticed him.
"Joel?!" she cried, releasing her top and yanking her robe tightly back over her chest. "Jesus Christ," she cried, "What the fuck, Ricky?"
"I didn't do anything!" I protested.
She wasn't hearing it. In either shock or shame, she slammed her curtains shut as hard as you can imagine a person slamming curtains shut. It felt a lot colder than I am able to imply.
"Dude," Joel said, "That sucks. But that was still pretty awesome."
"Oh just fuck right off," I said. I still had his binoculars in my hand, so I swatted him over the head with them. "Get out of here."
Maybe it was the realization that he had caused a lot of shit, but this time he didn't make much fuss about getting kicked off my lawn. I watched him bail across the street, then stared longingly in desperation at the slammed-shut curtains of Lauren's windows. It made me angry that Joel had seen her breasts, and that the first time I was able to see them had been poisoned by that event. It made me upset that she was so angry. I was staring at a blank curtain. I hurt for her hurt.
I really think I loved Lauren then.
***
She wouldn't talk to me the next day at school, and I sure as shit wasn't talking to Joel. I tried my best to make it through the day as though everything were normal, but it was an exercise in futility. I am sure you know how it feels to be depressed by the hurt of a loved one, but to feel at the same time betrayed by a friend is an especially unhappy headspace to inhabit.
I really felt like I wouldn't ever even see Lauren again, at least for a while there. People in crisis can be so dramatic. But as it turned out, her curtains were open the minute I got back from school. She wasn't home yet; was always busy a few hours after school with her church group - her family took religious orthodoxy to extremes that would make even my stubbornly faithful family cringe.
I was sitting at my computer, trying anything that would distract my attention from feeling betrayed and vicariously hurt and sore, when I noticed movement in her room. I rolled my scooty-chair to the window, desperate for eye contact. I grabbed my whiteboard without even looking, and was fumbling for my marker to scrawl an 'I'm sorry' note. She passed the window without even looking my way. I stood, pressed my nose to the glass, and watched for her desperately. She reappeared briefly, passing the other way. Still not even a halfway glance in my direction.
Then, once more, she reappeared. She was moving more slowly this time, although she still wouldn't look my way. She looked determined to look anywhere but at me. But she stopped, and I watched as she pulled her top over her head, revealing her nothing-special, no-bullshit, business-as-usual Wal-Mart white bra. Even though she wouldn't look directly at me, I know she knew that I was watching. She had to know. And even though I couldn't look her in the eye, I felt like I was making progress.
Then a boy appeared behind her in the window. Not anybody I knew well enough to recognize beyond first and unpronounceable last name, just a face I recalled seeing at some of her church group events when we were more officially official. And he was there, in the room with her. She was wearing only her bra on top. I watched him hug her from behind, and I saw her giggle and playfully squirm away.
That's when she made eye contact. That's when she looked at me, just like she knew I would be watching. I swear I saw her smirk at me. I swear I saw her wink. And then she slammed the curtains closed again.
There needs to be a word stronger than fury. Irate isn't scared enough; terrified isn't angry enough. I need a word that can capture not just the indignant anger, but also the paranoid fear of the unknown.
Failing that, I need alcohol - a fitting substitute for any unnamable emotion. This reaction will become repetitive and habit forming.
(Funnily enough, Brittany was the only one in our family who seemed to dodge the old Irish curse, or even any real substantive addiction except nicotine, which is not just weird but statistically kind of miraculous considering what happened.)
I stomped into the kitchen, heavier than I would have liked, and made straight for the fridge. Those days, my poison was what my dad wouldn't notice much of missing - think beer as generic as Budweiser, but state-local and even more cheaply patriotic. And grounding be damned if he noticed that day, because I was going to pound those piss-waters back one by one until I forgot what I'd seen, or why I was presently feeling bad, or just how sadness felt.
I was only two beers deep when Brittany came in.
"Jesus," she said, "What's wrong with you? You're problem drinking."
"Nothing."
"Stop it," she said, "Just talk. It helps."
"Lauren's being a slut."
"What do you care?" she asked, "She's her own person. Let her do her."
"I don't know," I said, "I think she's only doing it to get back at me. I think she's degrading herself to hurt me."
"Why? What did you do?"
"I don't know, she won't talk to me."
"Well you must have done something if you think she's doing it to get back at you."
"I guess... I guess she thinks I brought Joel over to peep on her."
"What?" Brittany asked, trying to stifle laughter, "Why?" And only then did it occur to me how dumb and uncomfortable a story it was going to be to tell, how it all started, and so I rushed it into as concise a sentence as I could.
"I guess she kind of does this thing sometimes where she strips for me in her window, just like to her underwear or whatever, and then I was in the alley with Joel and he was trying to peep on you and she thought I tried to sneak him to take a look at her. And maybe that's kind of offensive to her."
Brittany took a deep breath.
"That doesn't make a lick of sense," she said.
"I know," I said, "I'm only guessing that's why she's mad at me. Maybe she's on her period..."
"No," she said flatly, "But first things first. Why were you and Joel trying to peep on me?"
"It wasn't me," I said, "I told Joel when I saw you accidentally at the lake, and he went crazy because he's always had a crush on you. He really just wanted to see you naked."
"Is that right?"
"That's right."
"And why were you there?" she asked, "You didn't get a good enough look at the lake?"
I realized what it must have sounded like I was saying.
"No, not me. I wasn't looking at you. I was just taking out the trash."
Which came off as an even more pathetic-sounding excuse in person, believe you me.
"Sure," she drawled, long and sarcastically, "I can't believe how big of a perv you are."
"I'm not a perv," I insisted. It didn't feel like a lie at the time.
"Whatever," she said, "Just don't go broadcasting it to everybody. It'll ruin your social life if everyone thinks you get off on your older sister."
"Don't think that hadn't occurred to me," I said, "I should have never told Joel. Now Lauren thinks I'm some kind of a pervy showmaster."
"Maybe," she said, "Did you tell her Joel was trying to look at me instead?"
"I tried. She's not talking to me."
"She will," Britt reassured me, "Just keep trying to talk to her."
"I will."
"So you guys still do that cute thing where you talk through your windows?"
"Yup," I said, "Since the first day we moved in here."
"That's so adorable," Britt said. "She strips for you now?"
"I guess, but mostly just underwear. I've only seen her boobies once, and now Joel has too."
"Those are the breaks," she said, "Will you tell me the next time you're doing that with her?"
"Why? You want to watch?"
"Can't a girl be curious?"
"Okay," I said, "But I don't think it will be for a real long time."
***
As it happened, later that night while I was trying to write a report for English, I heard a car pulling into Lauren's driveway. Eager as I was to be distracted, I went to my window and saw an unfamiliar car idling there. I watched Lauren step our of the passenger side, carrying an absurdly large stuffed animal, like the kind of stupid giant panda you win at carnival games. She was wearing much fancier clothes than she had been at school that day. She was heading up her driveway when a hand from inside the car caught her and pulled her back. I watched through the windshield as she gently kissed the driver on the lips, the boy from in her room earlier. He looked like he reached round her back to try and pull her deeper into the kiss, but she broke contact. She smiled, and ran up her driveway unaccompanied. I don't know if the driver saw me staring knives at him as he pulled out.
Lauren ripped her curtains open forcefully, and my eyes snapped to her attention. She paused a moment to look me directly in the eye, and snarl her lips at me. I could not imagine a more indignant, unattractive face being made by such a pretty girl. Then she began carefully arranging her prize panda carefully on top of the dresser in her window that faced me, and then after that even arranging a small framed photo. I pulled myself away from the window, determined to not let her see my jealousy, and sat my lazy ass down in front of my computer screen.
I pulled up my Facebook, determined to scroll aimlessly to find a picture of one of my pretty friends that I could convince myself to openly masturbate to in jealousy. But when I did, I noticed Britt was online as well, and remembered what she had told me earlier. And with only a moment's hesitation, I messaged her.
Ricky: Hey perv, Lauren's at the window now if you want to watch.
...
Britt: Ya?
Ricky: Yeah.
Ricky: But she's being a bitch.
Britt: K.
Britt: 1 min.
I had no idea what she was up to. Out of the corner of my eye, I checked Lauren's window. She was sitting at her computer now, but if I knew her as well as I thought I'd gotten to know over the last 10 years, she was probably watching me just as intently for any sign of anger or jealousy. And I wasn't about to give her the satisfaction. And I went back to scrolling through my sexier friends and had completely forgotten about Britt until she literally barged into my door.
"Ricky," she said loudly, and I snapped immediately to her attention, my hands darting quickly away from my zipper.
"Jesus," I said, "Don't you knock?"
"No," she said flightily, "Anyways I'm going for this job interview tomorrow, and I was wondering which top you think I should wear. Do you like this one?"
She gestured at her chest, which is literally the only part of her torso that was covered by her thin, tiny green tank top. I recognized it as a favourite of hers to wear around the house as like extremely casual wear. And as much as that was one reason I stumbled on my words, the way she was gesturing at her chest also highlighted exactly how form-fitting and tight the top was, and how it clung feverishly to the curvature of her large breasts. I saw her nipples making tiny little dents in the fabric, as if she weren't wearing a bra, and in my already primed sexual mind I became probably visibly distracted.
"I... I don't know... That's maybe not, you know, like an 'interview' type top," I said, literally inserting air quotes.
"No?" she asked in her whispery, naïveté voice. "Well, what about this one?" She turned and grabbed a top she must have brought with her. It was a pink button-up, very short-sleeved and cut off just below her breasts, which would have shown a lot of her flat stomach to any potential employer.
"Um..." I said.
"You don't like it?" she asked.
"Well..."
"You need to see it on," she said. And with that, she tossed it back onto my sofa. She turned around so that her back was facing me, and peeled her green tank over her head. I watched in rapt engagement as the sides of her large, heavy breasts appeared to me, peeking around her frame. Looking her directly in the back, I could see boob on each side of her. I couldn't break my stare, couldn't direct my thoughts anywhere but at the sweetness of her exposed flesh, couldn't redirect the blood anywhere except for where it was rapidly rushing to my cock, straining against the fabric of my short pants.
I didn't even blink as I watched her bend at the waist, stared lecherously at the skin of her breasts that appeared as she leaned away from me to grab the pink top again, and then even more skin appearing as she put her arms in the sleeves. I could see the weight of her breasts shaking side to side as she maneuvered her arms, then she spun around and faced me before she'd done up even the first button. I had a few seconds' glance at her bare breasts while she did up the buttons on the front of her tiny blouse.
"I think the buttons on this one make it a little more formal," she said, "You know. So it's more like an 'interview' top." She made the air quotes teasingly back at me, half of her breasts still hanging free as she did.
"Um..." I said.
"You like it?" she asked, "I'll take that to mean you like it?"
"Um," I said, "I mean, like where are you applying for a job, Britt? Hooters?"
"No," she said, "Twin Peaks."
"Isn't that like the same thing?"
"I guess it is," she said, "So the button-up then?" She turned sideways, stuck her chest way out in profile for me.
"Um," I said again.
"I'll take that as a yes," she said laughing. She leaned into me, absurdly accentuating her already generous cleavage, and kissed me on the cheek. "Thanks brother. Have a good night."
"Uh..." I said, "Okay."
And then she disappeared out my door as quickly as she arrived. I was temporarily still too dumbstruck to really comprehend where I was, much less what I was doing, and I was probably absent-mindedly stroking my hard cock before I thought to even cast a glance back Lauren's way. By the time my mind came to itself, and I thought to look, her curtain had been snapped shut again and she was nowhere to be seen. I forgot my erection (mostly) for just a second and walked to my window to gaze longlingly at Gatsby's green light, only to be drawn back to my computer by the sound of a Facebook messenger notification.
Britt: That'll show her.
Ricky: ...wat?
...
Britt: Lauren.
Ricky: ...show her what, exactly? Your boobs?
Britt: I guess lol
Britt: Now she'll have to up her strip show game haha
Ricky: Did you forget that she was mad at me already?
Ricky: Like what did that accomplish?
Britt: Didn't u say Joel was peeping at me?
Ricky: Yeah...
Britt: Well now Lauren knows why.
Ricky: Whatever. I don't think she even saw. Her curtains are closed.
Britt: She saw. Trust me. I was watching.
Ricky: So now she thinks I fap to my sister?
Ricky: I thought we agreed that was a bad thing.
...
Britt: Now she knows why u set Joel up for a peep, haha
Britt: U told me that was the story
Ricky: It's not a story. It's the truth.
Britt: Whatever. Just tell her "the truth" then
Ricky: ...
Britt: Just trust me. Talk to her
Ricky: Okay...
...
Britt: So...
Ricky: So what?
Britt: are u fapping?
Ricky: ...wat?
Britt: I know I got you hard. I saw
Britt: are u fapping to me?
My mind was blown enough for me to barely remember this conversation. It is only the diligent record keeping of Facebook messenger that allows me to recall it in such detail. But here is where I explicitly remember coming to my senses, although not the most moral or upright of my senses came first.
Ricky: maybe...
Ricky: my mind went a little blank there
Ricky: might need a refresher...
Britt: what did u have in mind?
Ricky: I don't know...
Ricky: maybe a picture?
Ricky: refresh my memory?
Britt: haha
Britt: you perv
...
Ricky: Well?
Britt: no pics for you
Ricky: Why not?
Britt: I don't know what u would do with them
Ricky: I wouldn't do anything
Ricky: you know
Ricky: besides fap
...
Ricky: ...
Britt: ...no...
Ricky: why not?
Britt: you got your show
Britt: besides, there are pics of me out there
Ricky: what?
Britt: if you can find them
Ricky: what? where?
Britt: nvm
Ricky: WAT?
Britt: it means never you mind
Ricky: where? I want to see...
Britt: Go find them.
Ricky: where?
Britt: never you mind
Ricky: hint?
Britt: no hints
Ricky: please?
Britt: nope
Britt: good night
She signed off.
I am almost more ashamed to admit that I so desperately begged, there, for nudes of my own older sister, than I am to admit that I immediately masturbated wildly to the thought of her. I stroked off imagining her naked at the beach, thrilled out at the thought of her changing her tops before me just moments prior, and came unapologetically imagining my sister taking nude pictures of herself and posting them online.
***
I was able, by some miracle, to speak to Lauren at school the next day. She was in a ton of AP classes and was on a bunch of nerdy academic teams, so her schedule was mercilessly packed. I, on the other hand, was pretty much an ex-jock at that point, on what you'd call the long-term injured reserve for high school athletes who'd never play again. I had more free time than I knew what to do with. So I stalked Lauren. Don't judge; it felt really healthy and cathartic at the time.
"What are you doing here?" she asked, "Come to humiliate me some more?"
"No," I said. "I never wanted to humiliate you. I came to say I'm sorry."
"You have a funny way of showing it!" she snapped back, "The way you tried to show me off for Joel? God! I can't believe I thought you were special."
"Lauren," I said, "I swear I wasn't trying to show you off for Joel. I wish he hadn't seen your boobies. I really do. I can't take that back, but I can honestly swear that I wish I'd be the only person you show your boobies to from now on."
"Yeah right," she said, "I saw you with your sister last night. You're practically running your own booby harem, Ricky."
"I don't know what harem means," I said.
"You're awash in boobs, Ricky," she said, "You don't need me. And worse, you humiliate me. I can't even look at you right now."
"You've got to believe me, Lauren. I didn't ever mean to humiliate you. It wasn't even you Joel was trying to peep at. He wanted to see Brittany naked."
"He wanted to see Brittany?" she asked.
"Hell yes," I said, "He's always wanted to see Brittany. He's only had a crush on her for like, forever."
"So that was it? That was it all?"
"Oh, yeah. You've got to believe me. It had nothing to do with you."
"Really?"
"Yup," I said, "Nothing to do with you at all."
Lauren shrunk back deep into her cafeteria seat.
"Oh," she said, "Well, okay, I guess."
"Yeah," I said encouragingly, "Okay!"
"I mean I guess it makes sense. I can see why somebody would rather look at her than me."
"What?" I asked, "Why?"
"Ricky," she kind of whined, "She's so much prettier than I am."
"What? You're crazy!"
"I'm not stupid, Ricky. I can see the way people look at her. Everybody looks at her. I even look at her sometimes. God, she's like a 10. How many 10s do people ever even meet in real life? Even you can't take your eyes off of her when she's in your room. I saw you."
"Lauren," I said, "You've got to believe me. I want to look at you. I want to see your boobies. I want to be the only guy to see you naked. I want us to be together. You know, like, intimately."
She smiled.
"You want to be intimate with me?" she asked.
"Yes."
"That's kind of sweet, Ricky," she said.
"I know!"
She made her mulling-it-over face, which I didn't like and which passed slower than I would have liked.
"Okay Ricky," she said. "I forgive you."
"Thanks," I said, "I forgive you too."
She pursed her lips.
"What for?" she asked.
"Um..."
***
Count it as saved by the bell after that. I think I was lucky to get as far along as I did, but after that she scurried off to her AP science class, and I went to play Risk with my fellow gadabouts.
Lauren skirted off to her church group after school, so I didn't get the chance to meet her then. Joel and I walked home, since Tuesday was his day off of practice. Guy played a lot of sports. I used to be with him on every team, until I'd busted my ankle earlier this season. Rehabbing it was kind of a bitch, so I wasn't back to full mobility yet and had kind of just relegated to weights.
Since he had the afternoon off, Joel came in with me to play some video games. Since I'd been hurt, I was unnaturally competitive at video game sports, so we ran some high-tension games across football, hockey, and UFC before we were able to be distracted.
I was distracted first, I maintain, which is how he gained the advantage early in the last game. I'd looked kind of askance and seeing a text message on my phone, checked it kind of blankly at a stoppage. But the message itself got all my attention.
It was from Britt.
"Watch this," it said.
I lost that round in anticipation.
Then came the sound, the soft swoosh of a door opening against its knob, and the hard chunk of it closing. Then the natural craning of our necks, Joel's and mine, the mark of a human's curiosity.
Brittany strode proudly out of her room, towel draped over her shoulder. She was clad only in lacy black lingerie, much too sexy for casual around the house wear, at least as far as I understand women, even to this day. It was the kind of lingerie women of rumor wore when they were looking forward to getting laid. Sheer patches connected decorative dots of her bra, just barely covering her areolas while teasing the maximal amount of conceivable breast flesh. Her panties were similarly sheer, at least in patches where her bikini line would show were she not, as I happened then to know, insistently waxed or shaven bare.
"Oh gosh," she said, raising her open hand to cover her gasping mouth, "I didn't know anyone was home."
I had to hand it to her. She even had earphones in her ears to make it look convincing. She broke into a casual trot as if she were hiding from our obvious gaze, but it only made her tits bounce even more obscenely in her top shelf Victoria's Secret gear. My eyes were glued to the sheer parts of her panties. I wanted to see again the bare flesh of her lips. It was so hard to recreate her image in my memory, and I desperately wanted to refresh myself.
She bounced her way towards us and around the corner of the living room into the bathroom. I felt somewhat less ashamed, ogling my sister equally with my best friend Joel. Communally, it felt more like the natural appreciation of human beauty. When I looked upon her alone, I felt more lustful. I felt less... human, somehow.
She disappeared behind the bathroom door. I tried to coax Joel back into another round of our virtual fight, but after he got himself carelessly knocked out in under a minute, he immediately leapt from his seat and dropped to his knees at the bathroom door.
"Why don't your doors have keyholes?" he plead to no one.
"Jesus, Joel," I said, "You're really creeping me out."
"That's easy for you to say," he protested. "You've already seen her naked. You can just imagine it any time you want now. I want that in my head."
"If you're that serious about it, you can just imagine it any time you want as well."
"Man," he said, "It's just not the same."
He fell back from the door, jumping at the sudden shaking of the door. All of the sudden, the doorknob startled him and he tumbled in upon himself. Brittany emerged from the steamy bathroom, clad only in a full-length towel that covered her just below her shoulders to just above her knees. She had her fancy bra and panties strewn over her right shoulder.
"Gosh," she said, "You be careful now, Joel. No need to rush. Big boys can hold it."
She laughed good-naturedly as she rounded the corner back down the hallway to her room. I was admiring the way she swayed her hips as she walked as Joel damn near tripped over himself, trying to catch a glimpse.
And lucky him, and how it seemed she just happen that she struggled with her simple door knob, and the way her towel dropped from her body so seemingly naturally, falling into a woven hump at her feet.
"Eeep," was the onomatopoeic sound she made.
She was facing us at a 90-degree angle, bare-naked. I admired the curvature of her ass, wanted for the liberal display of her barely concealed pubis, admired the long stretch of skin where her large, heavy breasts dangled beneath her bent chest. You could only just see the glimpse of a nipple peeping from underneath the flesh of her swinging tits. In an instant she collected her dropped garment from the floor, and in one fluid movement she disappeared behind her bedroom door.
"Oh man," Joel said.
"Yeah," I said, "Wow."
"I gotta go," he said, and promptly disappeared through the sliding glass patio door.
I couldn't leave. I was entranced. I stood up from where he had bowled me over, rising from my ass. I staggered down the hallway in lust. I passed the door to my bedroom and went straight to hers. I didn't knock. I found her sprawled on her bed, her towel still sparsely clung to her soaked skin. She was contorting herself in fits of her laughter.
The sound of her laughter wasn't pretty, but it was heartening. She laughed like a person who was really enjoying herself. It was a refreshing change from the hollow halls of high school.
"Ha," she choked, "Oh man, ha ha," choking again, "Did you see him? Hahaha."
"Yeah," I lazily mused, "That was pretty funny."
"'I gotta go,'" she mimicked him, "God, he is such a horn dog."
I laughed. Or maybe I feigned laughter. It was hard to say, at that moment. I was certainly entranced watching her.
"He won't make it home," she laughed, quieter now, "He's going to break down and have to shuck it in his front yard."
"Yeah, haha," I finally managed to half-convincingly laugh. "You sure showed him."
Her face turned deadly serious, but in a way that I could tell she was sure she was only mocking me.
"What?" she asked, "You're not jealous that your friend got a little show, are you?"
"Me? What?" I asked, "No."
"Are you sure?" she asked, sitting up, "I wouldn't want you to feel left out, Ricky."
"I'm okay."
"Did you get to see? I don't think he saw much. I tried to keep my side turned to him."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah. I didn't want to give too much away for free."
"I don't think you did."
"Good. I only wanted to tease him a little. I think he lost a little bit of control there."
"I guess."
"I could see he was getting hard."
"Maybe."
"Yeah he was," she said, "Look, you're even getting hard."
Acting only on instinct, I kind of withdrew my loins and dropped my hands to cover my genitals. I can neither confirm nor deny that I was, in fact, getting hard.
"It's okay if you are," she said, "It's only natural."
I kept myself covered, despite how open we'd been the last few days.
"Here," she said. "Don't feel weird." She sat up on her bed, and unwrapped her towel. "It's okay. I like being looked at." She stood up, facing me, and let the towel fall behind her. She stood before me, bare-ass naked, her nipples jutting upwardly at me, stiff with the breeze from her fan. My whole head accompanied my eyes on a lecherous tour of the total of her body, starting obviously at her tits and running down to her toes; up from there over the tautness of her calves, the muscles and subtle fat of her thighs, the slit up the front of her vagina. There was not a hair to be spotted on the entirety of her mound. I was admiring her too intensely to even notice how I was behaving.
"Go on," she said, encouraging my almost subconscious response to her intolerable sexiness. "Take it out."
She knocked me out of my lustful survey. I refocused my gaze, caught her eye for an honest look for at least a second. God damn, she was beautiful. Still soaked from her shower, her hair was matted together in one long heavy strand weaving its way over her left shoulder. It was dripping onto her already dripping flesh. Her skin glistened where the sharp light reflected along her natural curvature. It really took quite a lot to keep my feet planted for how much I wanted to just rush forward and take her.
"Do it," she said. "I like watching men come for me."
It was muscle memory. My troubled mind can't be held responsible. Sometimes it's not the hand that plays the boner; it's the boner that plays the hand.
I was whipped out and stroking before I even knew what I was doing. I was certain not to last very long of myself, for how concussively my nuts were rattling in their sac. I was veiny and purple-headed and leaking precum like a faucet.
"Mmmm," she hummed, "You've grown into quite a large young man, haven't you?" she asked.
I was already fit to burst, but her comment on the size of my dick was driving me over the edge. They always do. But she saw that as well.
"Don't come on my carpet," she scolded.
And with no time to come up with any other viable alternatives, I wrapped up my throbbing head and came into the palm of my hand. It was the kind of intense, squirmy orgasm that clings on to parts of you and drags them out of you with it. The kind of orgasm that makes you lesser but in a way that feels better.
"Yeah," she said softly, smiling bright. She was staring either right at my cock (the thought made me come a little harder on third spurt), or else just admiring the fruits of her effort dripping in between my clenched fingers.
"That was good, yeah," she said like she was kind of asking but already knew what the answer was, which was a good thing because I was so exploited as to barely then be able to even speak. I believe I made a sound that came out like "Hhhmmmmmmyyyee"
"Ok good," she said, "That was fun. Get out of here."
I wanted to make a noise of protest, or some kind of question, but she turned me around by my shoulder and gently patted me out the door. It's a good thing my parents weren't about, because I walked down the hall to my room with my dick out held in my cum-soaked hand and my undone shorts halfway down around my ankles.
***
I spent the afternoon in a goofy haze. I might have fallen asleep a little bit and not even known it. The whole thing was a dreamy experience, is I guess the best way to put it. I was vaguely aware that things existed, that out there was stuff like human beings and carnival rides and math homework, but I was only the existential experience of bliss confused, or conflicted happiness, or maybe shameful pleasure.
It was weird. I was revolted at my own glee.
I don't know how long I lay there, thinking about trying not to think too hard, before a knock on the door arose me. I was used to expecting it to be Mom announcing dinner, and I called out an invitation without even thinking about it. The sight of Lauren in my room shocked me out of my reverie.
"Hey," she said.
"Hey," I said, bounding out of bed and kind of just absently hoping I'd thought to do my pants up. "What's up?"
"Nothing," she said. "Not your fly, at least."
No such luck. Worse, when I went to do my fly up I found my belt unbuckled as well, but didn't want to make a scene fiddling with it.
"It's just easier to lie down that way," I excused myself. I wondered for the first time what the view of Britt's room looked like through Lauren's window.
"Yeah, I bet," she said. She tucked a loose strand of her long dark hair behind her ear.
"What are you doing here?"
"I came to apologize."
"You?" I asked, "What do you have to apologize for?"
"For not giving you the benefit of the doubt," she said, "Plus I was kind of a bitch earlier."
"Your words," I shrugged. She sat down next to me on my bed, and she took my hands in hers.
"I'm sorry, Ricky. I immediately thought the worst of you. That wasn't fair. I should have thought the worst of Joel."
"He's an okay guy. A bit of a horn dog."
"Tell me about it," she said. "You should have seen him looking at me in gym class today. Ugh."
"I'll talk to him. He's a good kid." Calling Joel a kid was a running joke of mine. I was just a few days older than him, but he had skyrocketed through puberty when I was still in my chubby fat kid phase.
"You're so sweet, Ricky," she said. She smiled kind of sweetly, and meekly leaned in and kissed my cheek. "But you're still not off the hook," she continued, her expression shifting into a suspicious glare, "I can't believe you'd just let Joel peep on your sister like that? That's pretty gross. What even made you think that was okay?"
"I don't know," I said, rubbing the back of my neck with my palm. "She just seems kind of open about that kind of stuff. I mean, you saw her asking about her interview shirt."
"Is that what she was doing? I thought she was asking which top made her stupid big tits look huger."
I couldn't help but laugh.
"No, it's the kind of thing I don't think she minds. She said she didn't care when I apologized about seeing her at the beach."
"You saw her at the beach?"
"Oh," I started, "Yeah, I guess I did. By accident, though." Lauren's face shook for an instant, threatening to drop into a frown.
"She didn't mind you seeing her naked?"
"I really don't think she cared," I said, "In fact, she told me she even puts pictures of herself on the Internet."
"Really?" she asked.
"Yeah. She said there were some. Somebody must be putting them out there."
"Wow," she said, "I don't know where she gets the confidence. I never even showed anybody my boobs until... well, you know. You were there."
"Beats me," I said. "Whatever. I say to each their own. If that's what she does to get off in her private life, I don't care as long as it doesn't affect me."
Suddenly the doorknob turned, and who should appear but the devil in the flesh herself, Britt. She was clad only in towels, like before, but her hair was wrapped in one and her body was dressed in an absurdly tight and tiny towel that barely dropped to the bottom of her ass cheeks and still had an open slit running up her side almost up to her under-boob.
"I'm getting dressed for my interview," she said matter-of-factly, "Have you seen my lucky panties?"
She marched straight into my room, right in front of Lauren and I, and opened my dresser underneath the TV across the room. She opened each of the top drawers at once, bending forward to look inside. Lauren and I were each staring googly-eyed as the hem of her towel rode up above the crest of her ass cheeks. Just the bottom of her bare ass was visible to us, and hard as I was concentrating, I couldn't really tell if I saw a hint of labia between her legs.
"Oh, here they are," she said, producing a lacy red thong from my drawer. "Geez, right?" Immediately she stood up, her towel falling back to its original, still somewhat scandalous length. "Wish me luck," she said, striding out and shutting the door behind her.
I took a moment to return to earth, and when I did, you can bet that Lauren was giving me a hell of a stinkeye.
"What?" I asked, "She's open. It's just like I told you!"
"You have your sister's panties in your underwear drawer?" she asked.
"It happens. My Mom does the laundry. You know how she's kind of... spacey..."
The spacey Mom bit was completely true, by the way. When the big split happened 10 or so years ago, Mom almost went to jail for assaulting my Uncle Hoyt with a fork. She copped a plea for anger management therapy, got on the Xanax, and then she gradually morphed into your garden-variety pill-popping suburban housewife. Sunrise, sunset.
"I guess," she said, "Your Mom is kind of weird."
"She has her way." She hugged my very suddenly, very closely, very tightly.
"I'm sorry, Ricky," she said.
"It's okay," I said, patting her.
And very naturally, we fell backwards into my bed, crashed into my pillows together, grasped tighter at each other, and started clawing at each other lustfully. When I worked my hands under her t-shirt, where normally she would stop me, this time she allowed me. For the first time I had the pleasure of taking the top off my long-time on-again-off-again girl nest door cliché. She was wearing her Wal-Mart bra, which I wrestled off her immediately. For the first time, I grasped her breasts in my hand. They were in the same room as I, close enough to touch. I gripped them tightly, rolled her nipples into the pressure of my thumb and forefinger, pulled on them so they stretched out to my will.
She was arching her back in pleasure before all of the sudden she collapsed herself onto me. She kissed my lips, my neck, made her way down my chest til she was struggling with the belt round my waist.
"Woah," I said.
"Yeah?" she asked excitedly, "Are you ready for this?"
"Baby, I'm so ready."
"Good," she said, "You better be ready. I'm going to blow your mind."
I give her an A for effort. She really tried hard. Very hard. But it was her first time, and people very rarely walk into anything being an expert.
She made me wonder if maybe there was Dunning-Kruger effect for blowjobs. She couldn't really handle the girth, I guess, and only got close to taking maybe the first half. But she tried her toothy best, and maybe on a bad day it would have got me there, but being freshly exorcised from Britt's blatant exhibitionism I just couldn't be made to finish. I think she kind of realized that it wasn't working though, after maybe twenty minutes, and when I was slapping my semi-hard cock against her open bottom lip.
"You can just come on my face if you want," she said. She had me at my most intently alert and at the same time incredibly frustrated. I stroked up and in less than a minute I was spurting happily on her face while she made an effort to be game, pretending to really try to catch the jets of come I was spraying all over her.
I was far too blissed out to even be present. I was so far gone I barely even felt that I was rubbing my erupting erection over her nose and face, leaving a snail's trail of semen in its wake. By the time I was finished and had noticed that I'd finished, she was covered. I looked down and was stunned to see a Rorschach of my cum on Lauren's face. But worse, though, is that what stunned me was that it was Lauren's face instead of Britt's. I hate to admit it, but for the moment I had to disappear into fantasy, it was Britt's tongue playing with the tip of my cock while I was releasing. She smiled at me.
"Did you like that?" she asked.
"Oh yeah," I said, "I fucking loved that."
"Good," she said, "Now get me a Kleenex so I can clean up."
***
I can tell you that that night sleep came for me easily, but the dreams came for me hard. And in my dream I was being given a blowjob, only it wasn't from a human person. I was fucking the smiley yellow face that once bid us all to have a nice day and later became the default facial contortion of emoji. Only the emoji had no eyes, nor slits nor punctuation indicating their presence. And instead what eyes could be seen were detached from anything, floating in the sky above me, and they were the gross protuberant and trumpet-shaped eyes of a frightened cartoon character, only pointed at me and demanding 'Is this real?' And all the while the smiley yellow eyeless face is blowing me, and blowing me harder and harder until it was blowing too deep, and my legs folded back as the smiley eyeless thing snapped me and swallowed me like a snake. And then I came to and I was conscious, and I was aware that the quickly fading memories were just a dream, but still one of the deep hard heart-rate quickening dream experiences that are all fantasy and mystery and still somehow gripping and insistent on the really scary point that this experience is, in fact, real.
***
Joel had lacrosse practice after school the next day, so I walked home alone. Usually I'd be at lacrosse practice with him, but I'd broken a bone in my ankle pretty bad in football season and missed lacrosse tryouts, and even then I was still under a 'no-strenuous exercise' doctor's order.
When I got home I was surprised to find my Mom sprawled out on the couch. It was just after school, and she was usually in bed by then. She was lying on her towel in a pale green bikini. She looked half asleep. Just kind of instinctually by then I checked to see if she was breathing. I knelt at her side, patted her gently on the cheek.
"Mom?" I asked, "Hey Mom? You awake?"
She stirred. I patted her more and she stirred more. I started rubbing her arms.
"Wake up, Mom," I said.
She lolled her head to face towards me. Her neck muscles started to engage. Her eyes still wouldn't open. I patted her on the cheek again til she came back to life.
"Hi Ricky," she said.
"Hey Mom. What are you doing on the couch?"
"What?" she asked, rubbing her head, "I don't... what?"
"Have you been drinking, Mom? You know you're not supposed to drink when you're taking your pills."
"I just had a little," she said, "I just had a little bit."
"Were you swimming?" I asked, "Just tanning?"
"I went to Jeff's," she said.
Jeff is the cool neighbor with the pool and the classic car. He had a reputation of being a bit of a womanizer and my Mom liked to hang around him. You can see how the rumours might get around. We had a pretty gossipy alley.
"Yeah?" I asked, "Did you go for a swim?"
"Yeah, I went for a swim. That's why I'm all wet."
She wasn't really wet, but she was damp. She'd probably been passed out for a while.
"Were you drinking while you were swimming?" I asked, "Was he there? You know you can't drink if you're taking your pills and you definitely can't swim. What if you fall asleep?"
"He was there," she scoffed, "With that woman."
"The ice cream lady?"
"No. The one with the Jaguar."
"I don't know that one," I said.
"I just wanted to swim," Mom said, "She made him kick me out. She made him."
"What?" I asked. Asking my Mom to tell a story was almost always a bad idea, but sometimes she just managed to hook you in.
"I was just in the tanning chair and then they were just there. He was saying something. She was pointing. It was hard to tell what he was saying. She kept pointing at me. She was saying inappropriate."
"Was she saying you were being inappropriate?" I asked, fearing the worst. My Mom paused to think, and I was afraid she might nod off again.
"No," she finally said.
"That's great," I said.
"So then I shouted, 'I'll show you inappropriate! I don't know you!' and I pushed her in the pool."
"You what?"
"I pushed her. I pushed her right in. I tried to push her," she said. "I think I did. I remember slipping. I remember swimming. I probably pulled her in."
"Mom," I said, "What the fuck?"
"It's okay," she said, "I remember Jeff pulling me out. Heck, that's probably how I got here!" She laughed.
"Did you drink a lot today?"
"I don't know," she said, "I didn't want to go swimming."
"You need to sleep."
She opened her arms wide as if to greet me, or maybe to pull me in.
"Take me to bed," she said.
***
I'm an impatient man, and it always takes my Mom way too long for my tastes to kind of hobble anywhere on my shoulders. She has a gait like I did when I broke my ankle. Even when I was barely off crutches, it was always easier for me to just pick her up if I ever needed to take her anywhere. So I grabbed her under her shoulders and knees and carried her over the threshold of the master bedroom and deposited her in the master bed. She squirmed.
"No," she said, "No. I can't sleep like this." It was weird seeing her come to life so suddenly. She at up, probably way too quickly, and I could see her head swimming.
"Like what?"
"I'm wearing a soaked bikini," she said.
"You were sleeping just fine before on the couch."
"I don't want to soak my sheets."
"Fine," I said, "Strip." I turned my back on her and started casually searching for half-full or nearly empty bottles of tequila stored in her night table. In an Irish family of beer and whiskey it always confused me that my Mom ended up kissing our Mexican cousin.
"Ricky," she said, "I used to be a Jaguar."
"What?"
"I was a top model, baby," she said, "I made 'em purr."
"Okay."
"Look at me."
"Are you in bed?"
"Look at me," she repeated more forcefully. When I couldn't distract myself fumbling unevenly through her hiding places, I turned to face her.
She was standing next to her bed, stripped of her pale green bikini. It was an unflattering colour, and she looked much better with it pooled in a crumpled pile at her feet. Not that my Mom ever looked really bad, speaking strictly physically. You could see the perfect cloth Brittany had been cut from. Mom had Brittany when she was only 18, and for a woman of 40 with two kids she had held up very well. Her breasts were only in the beginning stages of sag, and her nipples looked less defeated than desperate, as if they were just begging for a stern reminder of how it felt to be a woman aroused. I remember seeing my Mom in old photos in better bikinis, and feeling conflicted about her tits. I would stroke them absently on the photo paper, knowing only that they were female things taboo, and that my Mom had a pair of the best of them. I had to reconcile craving and not being able to crave them. Her tummy was stretched and had the marks to show for it, but even after two children its paunchiness was minimal. The sparse auburn of her trimmed pubic hair betrayed the hidden natural color of the hair on her head. She had the matriarchal alternative to the Dadbod. She was a textbook MILF.
"Am I pretty?" she asked.
"What?
"Am I still sexy?"
"Mom, what?"
"I used to be a Jaguar," she said.
"What are you talking about?"
"I used to be a top model," she said. "All the boys used to want to ride with me. They lined up to take me for rides in their cars. I used to be Jaguar. Pretty boys would kick pretty girls out of their pools for me."
"Mom," I said, "You need to sleep."
"Am I sexy?" she asked, "I used to be a real Jaguar."
I looked her up and down. I gave her the real full treatment. I wanted her to know I appreciated her. I wanted her to know I loved her. Even bleached as she was on the Xanax, made wild by tequila, stung bitter by rejection and thirsty for attention, she was my mother and I loved her.
"Mom," I said, "You're still a Jaguar. You're a classic model."
She smiled. My Mom really is something special.
***
I wasn't expecting to see Lauren when I got to my window. Usually after school she was wrapped up in her church group for at least a few boring hours. But she was in her window, and she surprised me even further catching my eye and waving me over.
As was our system, I kind of flopped myself out of my bungalow window and strode across the lawn, leaping over the little bushy divider between our yards. She struggled raising her windowpane, and when I was in range I helped her to lift it so that she could lean her head out the window without ducking. I spoke to her through her window like she was my Juliet.
"Hey Ricky," she said.
"Hey," I said, "What's up? I thought you had your church group. Did the church basement flood again?"
"No," Lauren said, "I skipped."
"What?" I asked. "You never skip. You never even missed a game of Risk that period they made you take a spare."
"I know. I already feel pretty guilty about it."
"Why did you skip?"
"I wanted to talk to Brittany before my Dad got home," she said. "You know how strict he is about your family."
Lauren's dad was notoriously strict, and especially so in regards to me. He had heard the stories about my family, but I don't know how it got around to him. It was one of the really big sticking points in us ever really getting our relationship off the ground.
"Why did you want to talk to Brittany?"
"It's a secret."
"What? Then why even tell me?"
"Okay," she said, "Maybe I wanted to tell you." She made the 'shh' motion of index finger extended over lips. She leaned in real close to me and whispered. "I wanted to ask her about blowjobs."
"What?" I asked, "Why?"
"I want to be able to give you a really good one," she said. "I tried reading a blog about it, but I figured it would be better to try and learn directly from someone with a lot of first-hand experience."
"What?" I asked, "Why?"
"You said she was really open about that kind of stuff," Lauren answered, "Plus who do you know who's sucked more dick than your sister?"
"Lauren," I doth protested, "Ouch. What the hell?"
"Sorry," she replied, "It's just... well, she seems like she has a lot to say about it."
"What? You asked her already? Where is she?"
I didn't even need to hear her answer, because Brittany appeared in her doorframe and stepped into the room.
"Sorry," she said apologetically, "Your toilet doesn't flush very strongly."
She must have caught Lauren and I each in a slack-jawed deer-in-headlights moment. If she did, she didn't show it.
"Oh hey Ricky," she said, without even breaking her stride. "How was school?"
"Um."
"Ricky was just... um... checking up on me," Lauren said, "He saw I wasn't in bible study, and wanted to see if I was sick."
"I didn't know you went to bible study," Britt said, "Well, don't be shy. Come on in."
I looked at Lauren questioningly, and she just shrugged at me. Not having any better ideas what to do, I flopped myself in through her window.
"What are you doing here?" I asked Britt, once I'd stood and disaffectedly brushed myself off.
"Lauren and I were just having some girl talk," she smiled, "You know. Clothes and boys. Gossip. Sex. That sort of thing."
I saw that Lauren shot Britt a look. I knew it was the kind of look meant to shut the conversation down. But for some reason I couldn't stop myself from being baited by Britt's totally obvious prompt.
"Sex?" I asked.
"That's right," she said.
"Britt and I were just talking," Lauren said skittishly, "It was all very hypothetical. You know; 'What would Jesus do?'"
"Yeah," Britt said, "And blowjobs."
Lauren definitely shot Britt a more pointed look then, but if Britt noticed it, she was masterful at playing oblivious.
"It's funny," Britt monologued, "We were sitting here just now, wondering what makes a good blowjob, and what Jesus would do, and then you show up right at our doorstep."
"Well," I interjected, "Windowsill."
"I think it's a sign," Britt continued, "You're a boy, Ricky. What do you think makes a good blowjob?"
"Um."
"Well you must have had a few by now," she soldiered on, "Haven't you?"
"Um, yeah," I said, "A few."
This time, the dirty look Lauren shot was at me. I don't know if I was ever completely straight up with her when we were on about the girls I'd known when we were off.
"Well tell us what you like, then," Britt said.
"Yeah, Ricky," Lauren added through narrowed eyes, "Tell us."
"Um."
They stared at me in rapt attention.
"I guess I like for it to be warm," I said, "And wet, obviously, is a big plus. Those are good."
"Yawn," Brittany said, "Like every blowjob isn't warm and wet."
"You'd be surprised," I said. Lauren shot me another hurt look.
"Tell us more, Ricky," she said.
"Well," I said, feeling cornered, "Warm and wet. Good suction is important. Tongue action is a nice touch. It's really nice if she can go deep."
"Hmm," Lauren hummed.
"That's kind of what I thought," Britt said. "Although not every girl can go deep. Sometimes it depends on the guy. If you're really big, a lot of girls won't be able to deep throat it. Are you big?"
"What?" I asked.
"Your dick, I mean," she said. "Is it huge? If it's huge, you're going to have a hard time finding a girl who can get it all in there. It's a real slave on the throat."
"Um," I said, "Well..."
I really had no idea then what Britt's endgame was about. I was damn near paralyzed with confusion. I knew she'd seen it just a little while ago. She'd remarked on its size then, and I'd be afraid she was making fun of me if I wasn't reasonably self-assured. I'm more of a shower than a grower. Even flaccid, I walk around hanging at about 7 inches. It goes about halfway down my thigh. When it's hard, it gets much thicker, but peaks out with my best erection at maybe 8 inches and a half.
I was struggling to think of what I could say. It's always been a difficult line to walk between confidence and cockiness, if you'll pardon the pun, with regards to my impressive member. Thankfully, Lauren stepped in to save me.
"I've seen it," she said, "It's huge."
"Really?" Britt asked, playing coy.
"I think so," Lauren said, "I mean, I've only seen the one in real life, but... it was big. Real big."
Wait, in real life? I couldn't imagine Lauren watching porn.
"Well now I've got to see it," Britt said.
"What?" I asked.
"Yeah, what?" Lauren echoed.
"It's no big deal," Britt said, "I think Ricky's seen my boobs once or twice around the house. It's just whatever. We're family."
"Um," I said.
"Plus," Britt continued, although she faced Lauren more directly now, "Didn't you say you wanted to try and practice some?"
"Um, yeah," Lauren cautiously admitted.
"Well, this is perfect," Britt cried, and clapped her hands together. "You'll get real life experience. It'll be much more realistic than trying on one of my toys. Probably cleaner, too."
"I guess," Lauren said.
"What?" I asked.
"Don't be shy, Ricky," Britt said, "Whip it out."
"What?" I asked again.
"And then you can try what I told you," Britt said to Lauren, "And Ricky can tell you what feels good and what doesn't. It's perfect."
"And you're... what?" Lauren asked, "Are you just going to be here?"
"Sure," Lauren said. "Why not? That way I can give you pointers on your technique if I notice anything."
"Um... well," Lauren said, "I guess that's... smart. What do you think, Ricky?"
I hate to admit that my cock was stirring just at the whole situation. Not that any man's cock wouldn't stir at the prospect of getting a blowjob, but I really loved the idea of Britt watching. There was something very basically sexy about the thought of Britt watching Lauren suck my cock, really the thought of any woman watching another worship my stiffening missile. But I tried to play it neutral and cool.
"I'm okay with this," I said, forced unenthusiastically and totally betrayed by the growing silo down the left thigh of my short pants. Britt laughed and squealed excitedly. Lauren's face ran from uncertainty to consideration to determination.
"Okay," she said, dropping to her knees and unbuckling my belt, "Let's do this, Ricky."
My dick was so hard by then that it was difficult for Lauren to get it out of the leg of my shorts, which she quickly gave up on and just pulled the shorts all the way to my ankles. My cock sprung up from my waistband when it was freed, launching itself directly at Lauren's face. It was veiny and throbbing. I'd say it was intimidating, at least in the sense that I wouldn't want to look down its barrel and know I have to take it. Brittany, off to the side, laughed excitedly.
"Wow," she laughed, "Just, wow. You weren't kidding." Lauren gave her a brief look askance.
"Right?" she asked with a winking grin, "What am I even supposed to do with this thing?"
"Just do your best," Britt said.
"You're great," I told her. I really meant Lauren.
"Here goes nothing," she said.
And then she dove, and her lips were on me. I could tell what she was doing. I could feel the difference. I felt her pushing herself, trying to take me as deep as she can, was certain I could feel the tickle of her straining uvula as she pushed herself to her limit, taking about half my length into her throat.
"Try and open your throat," Brittany coached from aside, "Like if you're chugging a beer."
I felt Lauren widen her tiny mouth as best she could, felt her try and force herself over the obscene girthy bulge at my hardon's midpoint. I felt her gag a little, and suppress a cough. I dropped my eyes to meet hers and saw that though her eyes were shut tight in focus, tears were leaking from their corners.
"Remember to keep working with your hand if you can't take it all," Britt said, and Lauren dutifully wrapped her good hand around the base of my cock and started stroking.
"Twist your hand while you're rubbing it," Britt said, "Make little half-circles." Lauren honestly seemed to try her best, but may have been on a kind of sensory overload. She opened her eyes. Even though she was tearing, her eyes looked wanton and depraved when she met mine. I was certain she was enjoying herself, maybe even almost as much as I was.
"Cup his balls with your spare hand," Britt continued. Lauren gagged a little, and came up for a cough and a breath of air. She kept stroking me with her hand. Without warning, Britt reached out and grabbed me by my hanging balls. She fondled them, lolling them around delicately between her fingers. "Like this," she said, "See?"
Lauren's hand replaced hers on my balls, and she kept stroking me speedily with her other hand. I let the sensation take over me, and my head fell back and my eyes closed, and I felt her lips resume their halfway sucking on my engorged erection. Overcome by the sensation of her simultaneously sucking, stroking, and fondling all my best parts, I allowed myself loose to my more animalistic instincts, started thrusting myself deeper and deeper into her throat with her every plunge onto me.
And then it was cold, and she was coughing and spluttering, and her hands both left me. I was startled into looking down at her. She was at the mercy of her protesting throat, coughing and covering her mouth with both hands. And I felt, more than I saw, Britt's hand replace Lauren's on my cock, stroking me and lubricating me with Lauren's slobber.
"Are you okay?" she asked.
"I'm good," I said, "I'm great."
"I meant Lauren," she said.
Lauren was still coughing, but put up an extended index finger to show she needed time.
"It's okay," she said, "Take a minute."
All the while Britt was absently stroking my cock, gently but firmly enough for me to really feel and enjoy it. It wasn't just the standard holding pattern where she's just keeping you warm with her hand while she waits to catch her breath; gentle as it was, Britt's stroking was keeping me going, kept me rising, kept me wanting more.
"It's so big," Lauren said between coughs, "I don't think I can take it all."
"You can do it," Britt encouraged her, still casually stroking me. "It just takes practice."
"My mouth isn't big enough," Lauren protested, dejected.
"Don't be silly," Britt said, "Anyone can do it. Watch."
There wasn't enough time between what she said and what she did for any of us to even think, let alone stop or say anything. In an unstoppable instant her lips finished speaking and dropped to just the tip of my cock, kissed it quickly, opened for her tongue to dart around the circumference of my throbbing head, and drop onto the length of my shaft. On first pass she made it about halfway down, as far as Lauren was going. She withdrew herself slowly; her lips clung tightly to the desperate flesh of my boner. I could feel the warmth of her mouth and lips leaving its wet little trail all the way to the tip of my cock as she drew herself back. On her second pass she made it further, only to draw back in the same slow fashion, and on her third pass she had me almost fully engulfed. She was less than an inch from taking me fully in her mouth. For a moment she looked up at me, and she kept eye contact as slowly drew her moistened lips along my surging and now desperate dick. She looked like she wanted to wink at me as she rested briefly at my tip, before dropping once more, swallowing me completely, pressing her nose into my abs. I tilted my head. I arched my back. I thrust a little, but just the weight of her urgent pressing sucking kept me firmly in place. I was so overjoyed at being deep-throated I could barely even notice the gentle tickling she was giving my balls. And then all too suddenly, much too quickly, she withdrew, and everything was cold again.
"See?" she said to Lauren while I was still out of this world, "Anyone can do it. It just takes practice."
"You'd do that to your own brother?" Lauren asked.
"I am Lot's daughters," Britt said, "Sometimes, my family needs me."
I was craven and wanton, and needed to finish. I could barely raise my eyes to notice the look they were giving each other. I reached out in vain, trying to find someone to finish me.
"Go on," I heard Britt say, "Try it."
In half a second, I felt Lauren on me again, taking me halfway, stroking me, and cupping my balls. I wouldn't have it. I wrapped my hands round the back of her head and forced her to take me, forced her to take all of me, forced her to fight against her gagging and swallow me whole. It wasn't long before I was exploding into her, my head cocked back in unrepentant bliss, my eyes rolled back in my head, my whole world shaking.
I only released her when she tapped out on me, like an MMA fighter. I let go and looked down. I was surprised to see Britt's hand in the mix. Lauren sat up and pulled her head back, but Britt followed her with her finger pressed tightly against the bottom of Lauren's jaw, forcing her mouth to remain shut.
"Good girls swallow," Britt said. Lauren looked at her out of the corner of her eye, looked almost hateful, almost desperate, but did exactly what she said. I watched ecstatically as Lauren made an exaggerated swallow, then opened her mouth for Britt's inspection.
"Good girl," Britt said.
"Lauren," I said, "Wow..."
"What do you think Ricky?" Britt asked, "Can Lauren suck a cock, or what?" Lauren and Britt both looked at me expectantly.
"Yeah," I said, "I mean... just... wow. That was good."
"I'm happy, Ricky," Lauren said.
"Awesome," Britt said, "Well, I'll count that as a lesson. What do you say, Lauren? Time to pay the piper?"
"What?" I asked.
"I promised Brittany I'd take some modeling pictures of her if she taught me everything she knew about blowjobs."
"..,what?" I asked again.
Lauren opened one of her desk drawers and went shuffling about in it while Brittany peeled off her top, revealing her lacy black bra underneath.
"Because I have such a nice camera from that summer I went to photography camp..." Lauren was saying, when she turned around and was cut short by the sight of Brittany in just her bra.
"What are you doing?" Lauren asked.
"Well you didn't really think I'd want photos with all my clothes on," Brittany said, "That's not modeling."
"Wait, why do you need modeling photos?" I asked.
"I didn't get that job I interviewed for," Brittany explained, "She said she wanted somebody with 'serving experience'," she said. "They're just ignorant."
"And so why do you need modeling photos?"
"I have to make money somehow, Ricky. I have a lifestyle to maintain," she said, not 100 yards from her rent-free converted bedroom in her parents' bungalow in the suburbs.
"You're going to be a model?" Lauren asked.
"I am a model."
"So then what do you need me for?"
"I need a fresh photoshoot. To remind the people that I'm out there for them, if they can afford me."
"Do people pay you for your photos?" I asked.
"No," she said, "The photos are a sample. The people pay to watch me."
"To watch you?" I asked, "What?"
"You know," Brittany explained, dropping her pants to reveal her sexy lace thong. It was the same outfit she had worn to the shower in front of Joel. "On webcam."
"You're... you're a camgirl?" Lauren asked apprehensively.
"Maybe, a little," Brittany answered, "But I won't be if I can't bring people to my channel. Snap snap, Lauren." She made a photo-taking motion with her hand, and then struck a sexy pose. Lauren reflexively snapped a picture with her D-SLR.
"You're not worried about anyone seeing you?" Lauren asked, "You know... like anyone who knows you... seeing you naked? What if your parents saw?"
"No," Brittany answered defiantly, "I'm not worried. I'm a strong, independent woman and I can do what I want with my body. Plus there's this thing called geo-blocking and you can make it so people within a certain geological era can't see your stream."
We both knew she meant geographical area, but couldn't be arsed to correct her.
"So make with the photos already," she finished, striking another sexy pose. Lauren obediently snapped her.
I somehow kind of drifted into the background of the scene that followed. I was sated and kind of passive, lulled into a smiling coma while before me played out a scene of such soft-core Sapphic seduction I'd have never have believed it to be true if I hadn't seen it with my own blue eyes. I watched as Lauren was gradually drawn into Brittany's photo shoot, first as a lens, then a secret voyeur, then as an exacting director. By the end of it, Lauren commanded that Brittany remove her panties, and pose standing akimbo. She was almost like I'd seen her at the lake, except that I even had the advantage of seeing her sweet tight ass in the mirror. And I was struck in awe same as I was that first time, and even though I was blissfully incapacitated and couldn't lift a finger to even touch myself my cock was stirred to full erection, just watching my naked sister prance about for my girlfriend's camera.
When she got concerned for time, Brittany tried to wrap it up.
"Quick," she said, "Make sure you get one with my feet in them."
"Your feet?" Lauren asked, "Why would they want to look at your feet?"
"I don't really know, but the foot guys are willing to put more money down for their stuff, so... I mean I'll try anything once."
"Well what's a good way to get your feet in the shot?" Lauren asked. She directed Britt onto the bed, where I was laying crossways. She was next to me in the bed, naked, just a few inches away. "Lift your legs way up and apart," Lauren said, "Act like you're giving birth." Britt did as she was told.
"Oh yeah, baby," I joked, "Let me see that head crown. Let me see your feet and your baby's head crowning. That gets me hot."
"You think you've got a better idea?" Lauren asked, "How would you take a sexy foot photo?"
"Turn around," I told Brittany and she did. "Sit up on your knees. Plunk your ass down right on the balls of your heels." I told her and she did.
"Lauren," I said, "Get her ass cheeks and the soles of heat in the frame. Up close." Lauren leaned in with her lens.
"Make sure you can see a bit of her labia," I said.
"Sit up," Lauren said, pushing Britt gently on the small of her back.
Brittany did as she was told.
***
I saw Joel the next day at school. I asked him about lacrosse, but he didn't really seem all that interested. Three guesses what he wanted to talk about.
"Dude," he said first thing when he saw me, "Can I come over after school?"
"Why?" I asked, "You want to help me with my math homework?"
"Yeah dude, whatever," he said, "What's Brittany up to? She have anything she might need to take a shower for?"
"Joel, this is starting to get kind of creepy. Why do you want to see my sister naked so badly?" I asked, desperate to preserve to myself some palatable denial that I was madly in lust with my own sister.
"She's hot, dude! God, she's like a 10! I can't even get her out of my mind, man. Just like, I need to get her out of my head."
"I don't see how seeing her naked is going to make you think she's any less hot," I said, "She's practically perfect."
"Oh man, and you've seen her!" He said, grabbing his forehead with both hands. I don't think he could have survived knowing how much I'd seen of her the past couple days. "Man," he said, "I'm so jelly."
"Well, you can't come peeping on her anymore," I said, "Lauren caught us last time, and she almost broke up with me because of it. I can't have that happen again. She means everything to me."
"Well you've got to hook me up, man," he said, "Do you know how to install a spy cam? My dad has a bunch. I bet he could show you how."
"I'm not going to spy on my own sister, Joel," I said, "Forget it."
"What happened to you, man?" he asked, "You used to be a team player." And I'm ashamed to say, I missed being called a team player. The guilt worked on me, and I threw the poor guy a bone. That must have been my greatest mistake.
"I'll tell you what, man. I don't know too much about it, but she told me she takes naked selfies and puts them on the Internet," I said. "She cams, man. She puts pictures out to advertise her cam shows."
"Really? Do you know where?"
"Man," I said, "She's my sister. Do you think if she tells me that she puts nude photos of herself on the internet to advertise herself for webcam strip shows, my follow-up question is going to be where can I find them?"
"Uh, yeah," he said, "Why not."
"Well it doesn't matter anyways," I said, "She uses geo-blocking. You won't be able to find her if you live in her area."
"I bet my dad knows a thousand ways around your petty geo-blocking!" Joel protested.
"Well," I said, exasperated, "Good luck to you. But if you find her, try and keep it on the down low. I don't think she'd like it to know that every Tom, Dick, and Harry in the tri-county area were looking at her dirty photos."
"Trust me, dude," he said, "I won't tell anyone."
***
I was struggling to make sense of trigonometry late into the night. It was after 9 pm, and abiding my dad's insane 'no overhead lights after dusk' rule, my bedroom was lit only by the soft touch of my desk lamp. Lauren had shut her curtains and gone to bed, and working on the problems of the only class I was possibly failing kept me from thinking about Brittany. I wondered if it was right to hint to Joel about her doings online if it meant that he would give her some peace here at home. She didn't seem to mind showing off for him and at least this way he was out of her hair, I told myself.
Then I heard a soft knocking at my door, as if to see if I was awake, and I pretended I had the will to say no to anything she said even as I jumped eagerly to open the door to greet her.
"Shh," she motioned from the dark hallway. By the light of my desk lamp I could see she was clad in just the tiniest robe I could imagine. It was light pink and very sheer looking, and it bottomed out barely an inch below her waist. She made a gesture that was undeniably a command to follow. I crept along behind her like an enchanted sailor to her siren, gently past the whirlpool and onto her rocky cliffs.
She didn't say a word until we got into her room, where the light was dim as well. She shut the door firmly but quietly behind me as she whispered, "I need a huge favor."
"What?" I asked.
"Well," she said, "The photos we took turned out pretty well, and my channel's been getting a lot of traffic."
"You're camming?" I asked. She just nodded.
"And since I was getting so many tippers," she continued, "I kept having to escalate what the reward for tips was."
"That's good," I said, "I'm... glad you're successful."
"Yeah, well," she said, "That's where you come in."
"What?"
"At first, I didn't even really want to get naked. I thought I could just hang out in my panties and flash people for 5 or 10 dollars a pop," she said. "But then they wanted more. I put a rewards banner. I never thought people would pay $500 just to see me naked. But they were tipping so fast. I couldn't keep up. I thought $2000 was way too much to ask, and they wouldn't force me to do a show with one of my toys. Then I thought that must have been it. They can't really ask any more of me."
"I..., I guess that's good. I'm glad you're making money. And you're not doing anything you're uncomfortable with"
"Yeah, that's right. But then they gave me $5000," she said, "And I told them that if they gave me $5000, I'd suck a dick right there on camera."
"What?"
"Yeah," she said, "That's where you come in."
"I don't want to be on camera," I said, which was probably the least pressing objection I should have made.
"You won't have to be," she said, "Your face won't, at least. I can point the webcam just at me and ... well, you know... you," she said, reaching down and gently patting my dick on her last word. I don't know if I was getting hard before she touched it, but I definitely was after. I stood dumbfounded before her, barely able to afford any blood to my brain.
"Um," I said.
She untied her robe and let it fall to the ground in a crumpled heap. My neck craned as my gaze went up and down her like an elevator. She was a goddess in the flesh.
"Just let me do everything," she said, "You just lay back, watch the screen, and make sure I'm keeping everything in frame."
I was hers completely; I was without a brain, unable to speak or even think, just an object at her disposal, totally pliable as she lay me down on the bed. She looked up at me from between my legs and waved at me with a sheepish grin. Then she turned to face her webcam, and I had to watch her monitor to see her.
"Hey guys," she said to the camera, her voice maybe subconsciously taking on an unnatural falsetto, "Sorry it took a while, but I know what I promised, and I don't want to disappoint, so here goes." She looked up at me, and slipped her fingers underneath the waistband of my boxer shorts. She winked quickly. Then she turned back to the camera.
"You guys are in for a real treat. Look at this!" she said, yanking my boxers down my legs and springing my cock free. It bounced wildly, languished in its free air, throbbed earnestly at the thrill of being exposed to who knows how many gawking eyes! My steely ramrod was a pulsing monster, and though Brittany had all my focus, I stole a glance at her monitor just long enough to witness the camera's view of her staring at my 8.5-inch monolith in desperate admiration. And then she wrapped her hand around its base, started stroking gently up and down, winked at me again, and then took me in her mouth.
I was engulfed in the sensation of her warm lips and darting tongue. My head laid back in ecstasy. I thought closing my eyes could distract me from the fact that this was my sister on my cock, but I couldn't bring myself to look away. My head snapped back to watch her gobble me, her lips dragging wetly along the hard veiny skin of my shaft. But I couldn't catch her eye. When she had her eyes opened, they were looking at the camera. I had to watch her on screen to see her clearly.
She was in a window about the size of a YouTube video next to a rapidly scrolling chat log, which log was marked intermittently with bright yellow text blocks indicating some kind of donation. Every time a yellow block appeared, an irritating notification sound rang out. Britt's eyes popped every time the notification sounded, which was becoming more and more frequent the more fervently she sucked. But she never abandoned her task.
Whenever she released me for air, her hand took the place of her mouth in rapid strokes just firm enough to keep me feeling strained. Sometimes she'd massage my balls with her hand, or take them in her mouth and suck them independently while still stroking me. I groaned in pleasure, struggling against my better judgment to prolong the best blowjob I'd received in my life up to then. But I couldn't do it.
"I'm going to come," I choked through gritted teeth. She gripped my balls suddenly very tightly, but kept stroking.
"Don't," she said sternly, "Not yet. I want it in my mouth."
And she dropped her head, took me back in her mouth, and at once released my balls from her hand as well as my seed from my pulsing erection. I launched my stream into the warm well of her deep throat, and all too quickly, after two or three good spurts, I was spent. She diligently sucked me still, massaging me with her lips until there was nothing more to drain me of. The donation notification sound was ringing with regularity now.
I was still trying to catch her eye, but when she released me from her mouth she looked directly into her webcam. I couldn't help but watching her on the screen. She opened her mouth wide and stuck her tongue out at the camera. I could see my cum pooled on her concaved tongue. She held it out for inspection all too briefly before she retreated into her own mouth and any evidence of the act disappeared.
"See guys," she said into the camera, "I told you I'm a good girl." She smiled widely. "But that's all you get for now. Be good boys, leave a donation, and maybe next time you get more."
Then she reached over me, grabbed her mouse, and closed the window. I felt the warm heavy flesh of her breasts on my abdomen while she was reaching over me. Once she was done at the computer, she stood up, retrieved her robe from the floor, and wrapped herself up in it. I still hadn't the presence of mind to even pull up my pants.
"Jesus, Britt," I managed to say despite feeling totally pleased and incapacitated, "What the hell was that?"
"Nothing," she said, "Just had to keep a promise."
"But..." I protested.
"Trust me," she said, "It's nothing. You can go now."
And she was so dismissive how she said it that I couldn't argue or even say anything back. I could only pull my pants up, return to my room, and stew on the event for the rest of the uneasy night.
It couldn't have felt better for something that seemed to ought to have felt so bad.
***
The next day I anxiously awaited seeing Joel in school, full of irrational fear that he must have somehow hacked the Internet and found Britt's channel and maybe even recognized me somehow. He'd definitely seen my cock in gym showers, and knew it to be remarkably large. I couldn't bear the tension. When I saw him I asked him point blank if he'd had any luck finding my sister. I even think I may have sounded a little desperate.
"No, man," he said, "No luck. My dad says they're pretty well encrypted, but he's going to try again when Mom pays down his credit card bill."
"Now your Dad is trying to look at her?" I asked, kind of indignant, "Oh man, your family is so messed up."
"Dude, just get over it. Your sister is hot. Everybody is going to want to see her naked. You should just learn to appreciate that. Take her for the sexy blessing she is."
"You don't think it's weird? That I might think my sister's hot ever since I've seen her naked?"
"Were you blind before?" he asked, "Man, I've always thought she was hot, and I've never even seen her like, full on naked. Dude, you've gotta hook me up. You don't have a picture of her or anything?"
"Why would I have a naked picture of my sister?" I asked.
"I don't know, man. You can't just like take one on the sly?"
"I'm not going to spy on my sister for you. If you want to see her so bad, you're going to have to do it yourself."
"Don't think I haven't tried," Joel said, "I borrowed my Dad's thermal goggles just to get a glimpse of her body heat."
"What?" I asked, only slightly shocked that Joel's Dad had something like thermal goggles and that Joel would try something so patently absurd just to spy on Brittany. "How was that?"
"Hot," he said. "But it's no substitute for the real thing. You don't know her username or anything? I just need to see more of her."
"I don't know anything," I said.
"I'll think of something," he said. "I am going to find her content. Believe you me."
I gulped. I regretted ever telling him anything. I wasn't just protecting my sister anymore.
***
I tried to talk to Lauren but she went straight to church group after school, and after that she was tutoring some of the disabled students and taking some blind kids bowling. She called herself Sisyphus, but said that it was her penance and something she needed to do. She'd been kind of cagey since that day with Britt, and I got a sense that she was struggling with guilt even worse than I was.
Church was funny with how it touched Lauren. Her parents were absolutely fanatical about it, so she obviously had that whole parental-approval psychological hang-up, knowing that if she didn't behave more or less like a nun she risked not just their disapproval but almost their outright excommunication and condemnation to hell. But you could tell it was something she struggled with. Once I outright asked her why, if she was AP Science and generally pretty dismissive of folklore and urban legend, she still worshipped and went to church group every day. She said she didn't know either way, but it couldn't hurt to be on the side of a guy who could literally work miracles for you if you ever needed a favor.
Which this tangent is just to say that Lauren wasn't home that next night either, and her window drapes were closed although they looked like she might have left her light on. I was more or less completely alone when late at night Britt came into my room wearing only her little robe again.
"Hi," she said, "I need another favor." I was conflicted. At the same time as being totally and irrevocably turned on by her, I was a little bit offended at kind of being just her prop, and also the general kind of perverseness of being in a quasi-sexual relationship with my flesh-and-blood sister that had me feeling pretty squeamish.
"What do you want?" I asked, sounding harsher than I'd have liked.
"Will you come to my room with me?" she asked, "I just want to talk to you."
"Just to talk?" I asked. She nodded. I was skeptical, but also completely piqued. I knew she didn't just want to talk. I expected she intended to manipulate me into more performance. And maybe she already was, manipulating me, because I followed her down the empty hallway without another word.
When she entered her room, she turned around and pulled me in by the collar of my shirt. She pulled me in so close that my chest pressed against hers, and through the thin fabric of our light clothing I could feel the heat of her breasts squishing into me. My cock was stirring. I was suddenly conscious of our body temperatures. I wondered if Joel might be watching, not that I trusted his Dad's old Russian army surplus equipment to make much sense of anything. Still, I tried to resist. I pressed my hands to her shoulders and pushed her to a comfortable distance.
"What's up?" I asked.
"Nothing," she said, "I was just wondering if you wanted to help me out again."
"What do you need more help for?" I asked, "Didn't you make something like 5 grand last night?"
"Yeah," Britt said, "I thought I did. I made five thousand tokens. I guess they're not worth a dollar a piece like I thought they were."
"What are they worth?" I asked.
"10 cents."
"10 cents?!"
"Apparently," she said, looking at the floor.
"So that's..." I was running the calculations in my head, which took a while since math isn't my strongest suit, "50 dollars? You sucked my dick on camera for 50 dollars?"
"I guess I did," she said.
"Are you crazy?" I asked.
"What are you complaining about?" she said, "It's the best 50 dollar blowjob you're ever going to get. And you didn't even have to pay for it."
"You're doing that on the internet for 50 dollars though? That's insane."
"Well, yeah, when you put it that way, it was pretty dumb," she said, "But I know better know. And now I can be sure I make real money." I narrowed my eyes at her.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Well, you should have seen the donations in my account from after I signed off yesterday," she said, "People really really do want to see more. And I know about pricing better this time, and I made them donate up front, so..."
"So what?" I asked, "What are you thinking?"
Then she did it again. Just casually dropped her robe to the floor, exposing her naked body to me, forcing my neck to do its involuntary stretch, my eyes stealing their way up and down her perfect body, hungry for every inch of flesh they could take in. I knew why Joel was so desperate to see her. She was really incredible. There was not a spot on her body that somebody might call imperfect. In another life, she could have been one of the most sought-after Hollywood actresses.
"I want you to fuck me," she said, "It'll be worth my while, and I promise you'll enjoy yourself."
I knew I would. My mammoth cock was straining against my jeans already, aching to burst free. And though the thought of doing it on camera gave me a fit of the fantods, I knew I wouldn't be able to deny her. I probably never could. And it didn't matter that she made me feel like putty, and that I was just about as useful; I couldn't stop myself from wanting her.
"Come on, Ricky," she said, although she may as well have been commanding me at that point. "Strip."
I like to think it was more muscle memory than conscious action that took over at the point. My erection demanded to be free anyways. I was getting laid. It couldn't be stopped. Without even thinking, I was quickly pulling my shirt over my head. Brittany laughed, and started working on my belt.
"That's a good boy," she said, unzipping my jeans and forcefully yanking my jeans and boxer shorts down at once, my thirsty cock springing free and into contact with her taut abdomen. She giggled again. "Rawr," she said, making a cat-scratch gesture with her hand.
Only I couldn't take her teasing any longer. I reached around and grabbed her by the ass, gripping in tightly to her cheeks with my probing fingertips. I pulled her into me, lifted her into my arms. Without thinking, I planted a deep kiss on her. She responded, but she made a sound like she was surprised. I don't know how she could be. She'd been teasing me, and was only getting what was coming to her. She literally asked me to fuck her, and I was going to give her the fucking of her lifetime.
I dropped on top of her on her bed, and kissed down to her neck. I bit her gently while I spread her legs open. I was preparing to mount her, before she finally put her hands on my chest and tried to stop me.
"Whoa there, tiger," she said, "Take it easy."
"What?" I asked, barely releasing her flesh from my lips, continuing to lift her legs up and wide. She put her hand on my forehead and separated us, pushing me further away with her hands on my pectoral muscles. I'm not imagining that she copped a gratuitous feel. Most girls do.
"This is my show," she said, and somehow despite what would normally be my objections, she rolled me over on my back and mounted me. "And besides, I need us to get this on camera."
She leaned forward over me, adjusting her webcam, but in the process, she dangled her huge heavy breasts in my face. I was not to be denied. I lashed out at them, claiming her nipples gently between my teeth, flicking them back and forth under my tongue, sucking them deeper and deeper into my mouth, just doing everything I could to leave the feel and taste of her bountiful melons in my mouth forever. Her back arched, and she was moaning. She inclined herself towards me, breasts jutting even further into my face for me to worship, until gradually she pulled back into a natural full mount.
What a sight! She was looking down at me, and I was sure she was as wantonly in lust with me then as I was with her. It was more than a show. She wanted to fuck. But it was just a fleeting look. In a moment, her eyes had snapped back to her webcam. She pointed it at, and I followed her gaze.
"Smile," she said, "My fans are watching. You better make me look good."
I watched on the screen as she reached down between our tangled legs, grabbed my rigid cock, and lined it up against the sweet flesh of her cunt. I could feel the warmth emanating from her vagina, could feel with all the nerve endings in the head of my penis the softly parting flesh of her labia. I had to have her. I grabbed her by the hips, held her tight, and thrust upwards into her. She pressed her free hand to my chest, held me back.
"Stop," she said, "Even for me, this is pretty big."
And so I was forced to hold myself, just lay back, as Britt gently worked herself onto me. It was at once bliss and torture, to be so slowly teased into her centre, wholly pleased and at the same time absolutely desperate for more. Inch by tortured inch, she spread herself on me, intermittently moaning in pleasure and sometimes whimpering in shock at each new measure spread or taken deep.
Until finally, with a near-silent gasp, she clamped herself down on me, and I could feel the bones of our pelvises pressing upon each other. She paused, breathing heavily, and looked directly at her camera.
"Okay," she said, breathing, "See? I told you guys I could take almost anything balls deep."
More to remind her of the urgency of our connection than to correct her, I quickly snapped my hands round her hips and held her down again as I thrust myself up and even deeper into her, forcing myself to go balls deep if she was going to claim any credit for it. She yelped a little at the sudden motion, and her eyes went a little blank before she regained herself and directed them down at me.
"Okay," she said, "Let's show them what we can do."
Her hands made their way to my pecs again, which her eyes even fixated upon when they came to me, and she pressed down on me as she slowly lifted herself up and then down, riding my cock, and I could feel how tightly she was trying to pin her legs, and how it was working, the skin of her labia coating my dick with her sweet smelly fluids. I held her by the hips, always just keeping her from riding herself too far up and off of me, and responding with a thrust hard and thorough, til I felt the flesh of her ass cheeks pressing on the skin of my ball sack. Each thrust was met with a moan, and if I watched I could see her lips quiver. But before long, I couldn't watch, and had to sit up and suck on her breasts while she continued to rhythmically withdraw just to bounce happily back down on my returning thrust.
And it was I, then, who was overcome. I had no camera consciousness. With my arm round her back, I rolled her over and tried to fuck her again, but she had to stop me.
"Wait," she said, "Not like this."
"I have to fuck you," I said.
She pushed me off, rolled herself back over onto her belly, and propped herself up on her hands and knees, staring into the camera. She turned back to face me.
"They wanted to see my tits bounce from this angle," she said, "Fuck me from behind."
Like I wasn't already lining up when she was posturing. I was at the ready before she even said it, and she was maybe just finishing the sentence when I pretty much launched myself into her, unable to control myself at all. I watched on the screen as her face contorted into a mask of pain at the quick sudden intrusion. And then I was slapping my balls against her ass flesh as I pounded myself into her again and again, uncontrollable then in my passion. The pitch of her moans was increasing. Her face on the screen looked like it was melting. I knew I wasn't able to last long from this angle. Doggy style was always my favourite, and I was fucking the hottest tightest pussy I'd ever known. And just as her screams were reaching fever pitch, and her pussy was quivering most insistently on my throbbing cock, I had to warn her.
"I'm going to come," I said.
"No," she said.
"It's happening," I said.
"Wait," she said.
And then suddenly it was cold. She was off of me, and on her knees. Somehow she'd grabbed hold of her webcam, was holding it just away from her. She was on her knees between my legs.
"Come on my face," she said. "They want to see it."
If I'd wanted to question her, I wouldn't have had the time. She was reaching out to stroke me, and at just the lightest touch of her fingers, I exploded onto her. I shot stream after stream after third final stream onto her waiting face. Her mouth was wide open, and so were her eyes. One closed, when my second and most powerful shot made its landing up near her forehead. But all things told, she took it like a pro.
And then I was collapsed on her bed, overcome with bliss and joy. But I was coming back to reality. I was suddenly conscious of little real things: the scratchiness of her sheets, the constant jingling of the sound of her donations, the light of her webcam as she pointed it at herself. My head lolled lazily to the side, to catch sight of her computer screen. Between the yellow bars of donated tokens, people were commenting on her, complimenting her performance. In her video feed's little corner of the screen, she was wiping my come off her face with her finger.
"Read the comments," she told me. "Are people happy?"
"They seem happy," I said, "This guy just says 'hot'. He's probably happy."
"Pass," she said, "Read me an interesting one."
"HMBx1 says you fuck like a porn star."
"Yawn," she said, "Thank you, but yawn."
"8Letters wants to know how you found that monster," I said jokingly. She laughed. I watched on screen as was wiping her face, occasionally allowing her fingers to indulge her mouth. Britt laughed.
"He's a lifer. He faps to all my stuff," she said, looking directly into the camera, my come on her fingers and her face and congealing between her teeth. "That monster is my brother."
I only know how shocked I look because I got to see myself, live on-screen, making that dumb shocked look my face apparently makes in subsequent video viewing. You can say honestly that I looked like a deer in the headlights. My preferred analogy is that I looked like a man fingered in the police lineup.
***
I knew that I was fucked pretty much right when I woke up. A few days had passed, but the thing had obviously been pretty intensely on my mind. Then one morning I start awake to the sound of my dad bellowing. My dad has a pretty distinctive bellow he makes any time he's outraged, and this one was louder and more outraged than usual. One minute I'm in concert with my troubled dreams, and then suddenly, "BWAH!"
I don't know how the video got out. I guess it went viral so quickly because Britt is goddam gorgeous and definitely looked it in the video, and I guess there's a market for poorly-constructed webcam videos with titles like 'Hot Blonde Bimbo Fucks Her Brother Live On Cam'. It took off like that clip of Merry Ginn getting the Capri Sun from her little brother while she was masturbating on cam. There must be some weird, sick community of these kinds of fetishists.
Anyways, Dad was beyond pissed. Like, I was kicked out of the house almost immediately kind of pissed. Before the end of the day, he'd come at me with a sweaty fistful of hundred-dollar bills and told me he never wanted to see me again. He was always pretty protective over Britt, especially after what Uncle Hoyt did to her, and I guess seeing me do what I did for all the Internet to see brought back all the rage and hurt he'd been drinking away since then.
Mom was just Mom. She drank a lot that day, and took a lot of Xanax, and didn't say too much of anything. She was goddam near comatose before I left. I begged for her to call me. Dad shouted that he would make sure she wouldn't before he slammed the door in my face.
If I had to guess, I'd bet that Joel somehow found his way around the geo-blocking. He was obviously so determined to get more of Britt, and I wouldn't be surprised if he could set his computer up to record. I bet he was surprised with what he saw. I could never figure out why he'd want to spread that around, though.
Anyballs, what happened with me was I took a bus out west, since I'd been accepted for college there already anyways. My high school allowed me to graduate in absentia without asking too many questions, though I left so quickly that they didn't really have a choice. I had a feeling when I was talking to them on the phone that they kind of knew the story already.
It was hard, moving to a new town with no contacts. I obviously spent a few very uncomfortable nights in strange places, but money talks and when you're walking around with a fistful of cash, you can make some minor miracles happen. I was able to find a small apartment to rent, and started working under the table at a shitty local gym. It put hell on my ankle, though. On days off, which there were more than a few of, I toured the campus I was about to start attending. I knew the video got big, but didn't expect it to be so everywhere. Guys on the street would occasionally make eye contact with me, and give me a knowing smile. One guy even went so far as to come up to me on the street and shake my hand. It didn't really help with my whole plan to put the incident behind me, but I tried not to let it bug me. I figured I'd sinned, and I was living my penance.
Of course putting it behind me didn't help at all when one day, out of nowhere, Lauren showed up at my door. I had no idea how she'd found me, but there she was, looking a little frumpy in a long green t-shirt and red shorts that she looked like she'd been sleeping in.
"Hi," she said, sounding kind of sheepish.
I hugged her. I didn't know what else to do. I'd been playing hard the whole time I'd been gone, but obviously I missed my comfortable old life and all my old friends I never even got to say goodbye to. I'd had to turf my Facebook account when the thing started getting so big that people were looking for me by name.
"What are you doing here?" I eventually asked, when I could bear to release her from my grip.
"We just wanted to apologize," she said.
"We?" I asked.
And then who should appear from behind my doorframe, but Brittany, both angel and devil in the flesh.
"Hey," she said meekly, and with a small wave.
I didn't know whether I was furious to see her, or delighted. She was the reason for my exile, but dammit, she was still my sister. And damn if she wasn't still looking just as beautiful as ever. And so for all my mixed emotions, all I could manage to say back was,
"Hey," matched with the same meek little wave.
And I guess that was sort of tacitly inviting them in, because before I could even think about anything, Lauren and I were together on my shitty pull-out couch and Britt was floating aside, trying her damn best to look sincere and apologetic while struggling to keep composure in a leaky beanbag chair.
"I'm sorry, Ricky," she said, "I was only trying to make a little money. I never meant for it to get so out of hand. I don't know why I told everyone you were my brother on the Internet. Some people are into weird things like that. I thought it would help my donations." She fumbled in her purse, looking for a cigarette and something to do with her hands while she was speaking.
"Anyways," she said, "I obviously never wanted you to get kicked out of town. I kind of like you. And I just like that you liked me too, and were nice to me."
I rubbed the bridge of my nose with my dominant thumb and forefinger.
"I don't go by Ricky anymore," I said, "It's Patrick now."
"I thought you hated going by Patrick," Britt said.
"I do! Lord, how I do. It's one step away from Patty, and then you may as well call me Mick O'Taterhead."
Lauren laughed. Even though she was right next to me, sometimes I got so wrapped up in Britt that I needed to be reminded that Lauren was in the room. I narrowed my gaze at her.
"Wait," I asked, still trying to process everything, "What are you apologizing for?" I narrowed my eyes at Lauren. Hers went directly to the ground.
"I was the one who made the video," Lauren said.
"What?" I asked.
"I did it," she said again, "I worked around the geo-blocking. I recorded Britt from the cam site. It was me."
"But...why?"
"I don't know," she said, "I was so confused. I couldn't stop looking at those pictures we took of Brittany. I reverse-image searched my copies, so I was able to find where Britt put them online. I got her username, and from there it was kind of an easy workaround to find her channel."
"Why were you watching her channel?" I asked.
"I couldn't stop thinking about her," Lauren said, "I was afraid she was turning me lesbian. I thought if I could watch her and not feel anything, it would prove I was... okay, I guess. I don't know. Straight enough for God."
I was too overwhelmed by everything coming out to really try and parse any of the logic she was throwing at me. I only turned around and walked to my tiny sofa and sat down. I dropped my head into my hands.
"Why did you make a video of it?" I asked.
"I don't know," she said. "For science? What do you think, Ricky? I was turned on. I loved her body. And then you showed up, and I don't know. I didn't think about it."
"Did you release the video?"
"Yes," she said, looking down again.
"Why?"
"I don't know. I have no idea! I was angry at you. I was jealous. I didn't think about it. I didn't think about anything. I was just furious and I put it out and I was venting and I just wrote 'My asshole boyfriend cheated on me with his sister.' I never thought it was going to take off like it did. I didn't think anybody would see it."
"You didn't think anybody would see it?" I asked indignantly, "On the internet? Where everybody can see it?"
"Do you know how much porn is on the Internet, Ricky?" she asked, "I thought it was just going to be another drop in the ocean."
"Jesus Christ," I said, "This is a hell of a lot to take in. You did me bad, Lauren. Why would you be jealous of Brittany? She's just my sister."
"I wasn't, I guess," she said.
"What?"
"I said I wasn't. I was jealous of you."
"What?"
"I was jealous of you," she said again, "I was jealous of the way you got to touch her, and feel her. I was jealous of you getting to be with her. I don't know. It was all very complicated and there a lot of complex emotions and feelings involved."
"So... are you a lesbian, then?" I asked.
"I don't know," she said, "I think I'm kind of bi."
"You think?"
"Well..." she said, "Yeah, I think so. I don't really know. That's where you come in. And my apology, as well."
"Your apology?"
"Yeah," she continued, "I know I can't fix everything, but I want to make it up to you as best as I can. Besides, I always thought you'd be the one to take my virginity."
"Wait, what?"
"You can still be the first boy to fuck me. It's the least I can do."
She very quickly dropped to her knees, and crept in between mine where I sat on the sofa. She pulled her t-shirt over the top of her head, exposing her sexy black bra.
"I'm really sorry, Ricky," she said, unclasping her bra at the back. Her little breasts fell into my view, just the third time I'd seen them. Her hands quickly made their way to my belt, which was unbuckled in an instant. I was too overcome with whatever emotion that I couldn't even move to stop her. Not that I think I would have, of course.
"Oooh, this is exciting," I heard Britt squeal from the couch in the corner. Just as Lauren was freeing my rising member up from my shorts, she turned to look at Brittany.
"You're not going to just sit there and watch, are you?" she asked.
"I think I'm entitled," Britt said devilishly, "So... maybe."
Lauren just rolled her eyes, yanked my shorts down to my ankles, and took me in her mouth.
I don't know if Britt had been following up with Lauren about the whole 'how to suck a cock' thing, but if she did, she'd been giving her a master class. Or else it'd just been so long since I'd had a warm bit on it that anything with a wet roaming tongue felt masterful compared to my gnarly fingers, but when she was sucking me Lauren had me totally in her bag. I wrapped her hair into a ponytail in my right hand, and used it to guide her onto me. She still couldn't take me totally in her mouth, but she had a strong lip grip and her tongue made its way comfortably around my veiny thromboid and her ball-play with her free hand was considerably more natural feeling. And she was so skillful and dedicated and totally engrossing that I scarcely even noticed when Britt rose out of her seat, stripped herself of her top, and crawled on her knees in behind Lauren. She reached around and cupped Lauren's little breasts in her hands, started kissing her gently on the side of her neck.
"I could use some of that mouth right about now," Britt said. She was stroking herself between her legs over her leggings with her free hand. Lauren's sucking pace slowed, and she began to offhandedly stroke me before she let my cock out of her mouth.
"Not on the floor," she said, "My knees are already sore from this hardwood. Why don't you own a rug, Ricky?"
Britt was now using both hands on Lauren, one rubbing up and down her chest and the other playing with her crotch over her shorts.
"Where's the bedroom?" Britt asked.
"Um," I said, barely able to cope with them both looking hungrily up at me from the floor between my legs. I had to force myself to stand, Lauren's hand lazily sliding free from my cock, still wet with her spit and begging for attention, and gently kind of usher them with open palm away from the foot of the couch. "It's a pullout."
And they gave me a fair amount of shit about the cheapness of my apartment while I played the couch's legs out of its delicate folding mechanism, the cheap plastic folding mattress snapping open and into place while Britt and Lauren stripped and played with each other, too prepped and ready by the time I had it prepared for them even to notice the shittiness of the bed they were falling onto. And Britt fell on her back, bringing Lauren with her between her legs, and I looked down in admiration at Lauren's swaying naked ass while she made feast on my sister's swollen lips.
And I rubbed my huge erection between her swaying ass cheeks, appreciating the way they spread as I inserted my girth into their cleave, and I dragged myself down along her gorge until the tip of my cock lined up with her parting petals, and she squealed just a little as just the head began to split her open.
"Be careful," she said, "I'm tiny..." she was cut off in whatever she was saying by Britt, who pulled her head back down to continue working on her clit.
I tried to conduct myself with a measure of restraint, but the further I pushed myself into her, the wider I spread her around my stiff cock. She was trying to keep working her tongue on Britt, but you could hear her whimpers slightly muffled by the flesh of Britt's loins.
"Ow, Ricky," she said, "Be gentle." Britt wrapped both her hands around the back of Lauren's head, holding her tightly in place.
I don't know what more I could do. I wasn't quite halfway in as it was, but I could feel how widely I was stretching her, feel her tightness fighting against me, gripping my member and lubricating it with her wetness. I grabbed her by the hips, held her firmly in place, and tried gently as I could to further my voyage. And just as she took my cock past its thickest point at its middle, she broke her head free from Britt's grasp.
"Ohhhh...ow... oh, Ricky," she moaned gutturally, forced with sensation to make noise. And then Britt sighed, and slipped out from beneath Lauren.
"Let me help," she said generously, turning around and crawling underneath Lauren again, only into a 69 position. And I felt it on the bottom of my shaft, when Britt started licking up and around Lauren's clit, soaking her already wet vagina with her Britt's own saliva. And spurred on by the new sensation, I surged ahead, making my way deeper and deeper into Lauren's pussy.
And when I was expecting her to protest more, now instead only became more moaning. I pushed further, waiting for her to finally proclaim herself unable to withstand more, but her cries never came. Just more moaning, more heavy breathing, more delighted gasps as she reveled in the sensation of me inserting myself while Brittany licked her.
I was able to find a rhythm, withdrawing and thrusting again inside her, while she bucked and splayed with pleasure, moaning happily all the while, awash in a new sensation. With each forward thrust, I was pushing myself deeper into her. Working in concert with Britt's expert tongue, Laruen was working herself up to a fever pitch. I could tell she was growing closer, and I was working to get myself in as far as I could before I knew she would be clenching, and it happened so that the very moment I finally got myself balls deep in her was the exact moment she came, and she clenched herself on me very tightly, which felt just divine. And it was then, while Lauren was working herself through her orgasm and I was getting clenched that Britt shifted her focus, and took her lips free from Lauren and drew my balls in her mouth instead, and the sensation of her gentle sucking while Lauren was peaking and clinching on me just totally pulled me over the edge and deep as I was buried in Lauren's pussy I wasn't able to do anything but come and come hard, and I let loose my long-blocked streams into her with reckless abandon, and I was overcome by the simple immediate relief of overdue release into a warm wet cunt I'd been craving for longer than I could imagine.
It was all too brief a moment, as most orgasms are in my experience, before I felt Britt pull me out of Lauren. I looked down, saw as a glob of my come dripped out of Lauren's pussy and fell onto the bridge of Britt's nose. She smiled up at me.
"Bad boy," she said softly, before she leaned up and buried herself in Lauren's soppy cunt, filled even as it was with my ejaculate, and resumed licking.
"Oh, wow," Lauren said, seeming only to be returning to earth from somewhere she'd never seen before. And when she was reminded she was alive, she dropped her head, finally returning her attention to Britt's thirsty lips. And drained freshly as I was, I was only able to watch as they ate each other out, feasting hungrily on each other, until Lauren was finally able to make Britt come, before Brittany finally allowed us all to collapse after ensuring that each of us were entirely satisfied.
We were all a sticky, sweaty, entangled mess when it was done. It didn't help that the cheap apartment I was renting didn't have even a shred of AC. Many moments of recovery passed silently, marked only by the gentle and indiscriminate petting of the flesh of all parties, before anyone's breathing had slowed enough and brain had returned to function well enough to form a coherent sentence.
"I can't believe you came in me," Lauren said breathlessly.
"We call that a creampie," Britt said.
"I know. I mean I'm not on any birth control or anything."
"It's okay," Britt answered, "You can't get pregnant from your first time."
"I don't think that's how it works," Lauren said back with very narrowed eyes.
"Don't worry about it too much," I said, "I have a narrow urethra. It'd take a miracle for me to get anyone pregnant."
"Oh, Ricky," she said, "I didn't know that. That's so sad."
"Meh," I answered, "I've always known. I've gotten used to it. I never really wanted kids anyways."
"Still," she said. "It would have been nice to at least have the option."
"I just don't think about it," I said, "You shouldn't either. Don't worry about it."
I kissed her. We heard Brittany gently drift into soft snores, and we followed suit shortly after.
***
I woke up some time in the middle of the night. Lauren was on her side on the opposite side of the bed, facing away from me. I guessed she was still sleeping from the soft evenness of her breath. Her naked back was arched, and I could see the little nubs of her vertebrae poking out through her skin. She didn't look very much like Britt, but she was a small beauty in her own right.
Britt wasn't in bed, which served me just fine. I got out of bed and went into the kitchen to look for her. She was in the kitchen, smoking a cigarette over the sink and looking out my little kitchen window. She was wearing her little robe, the same one she'd dropped out of to seduce me on video. I'm not going to lie; just the sight of that robe could still stir some very deep feelings in me. I was just beginning to come to terms with what those feelings exactly entailed.
"Hey," I said softly, just to get her attention. She turned to face me.
"Hey," she said softly back.
"What's up?" I asked, "Why are you really here?"
"Lauren told you," she said, "We came to apologize."
"That doesn't sound like you," I answered, "That sounds a little bit like Lauren, but not a lot like you."
"Can't a big sister change? Do something nice for her little brother?"
"It would be nice if you told me what you were really up to," I said. Britt sighed, and butted her cigarette in the sink.
"I got kicked out of school," she said, "Apparently, the video got around there as well. They said they didn't want to have anything to do with a porn star like me."
"Shit," I said, "Well, I guess that's what you get when you go to school in a really religious town. Still that's got to be some kind of illegal."
"Yeah, I guess," she sighed, "But anyways, they kind of got me thinking..."
"Uh oh," I said, "That's never good."
"I'm not really having much luck getting work anywhere," she said, "You know, what with comes up when you Google my name and all."
"Go figure."
"So I thought, just to show them, I should really do it."
"Do what?"
"Become a porn star," she said, "Like a real, legitimate one."
"Why not just keep camming?" I asked, "You probably have a pretty decent following now."
"I'm not going to be able to live off of rinky-dink camming donation money," she said, "That's practically begging on the street. I want to make real money getting paid for the work that I do."
"You want to do porn?" I asked.
"Yeah," she said, "Did you know that women in porn make almost four times as much as the men do. That's a real step forward for equality, I think. And then I won't just be doing it for me; I'd be doing it for all women." I sighed.
"So what does that have to do with me?" I asked.
"Well," she said, unfastening the buckle of her robe. It fell open in the front, exposing all of her cleavage and her beautiful little slit, "I need a huge... favor."
***
Thank you to all readers and commenters.