This is the 13thchapter in the seriesHouseKeeping. It would be best if you could first read Chapters 1 through 12 so you can gain the benefit of knowing the backstory of Chapter 13. This chapter has a little more than sex in it in, actually a lot more sex in it, an effort to keep the attention of the horny readers. But the story is still erotic as hell for those who enjoy erotic tension and voyeuristic pleasures. And it has some "water works" in this chapter, for those who are into that. As always, please feel free to offer any feedback you want. An author always values feedback from his readers.
*****
After making love again, Kelsey and I decided to join the others. I was absolutely starving, the result of making love four times in the last twelve hours. And we really did make love. While there was much passion in our actions, there was even more love. This woman had become the center of my life.
As Kelsey and I walked into the back yard for the promised BBQ lunch, we were greeted with enough shouts to make it evident the fun had already started. Making our entrance drew all sorts of comments, from the gracious welcome by Mrs. Yarrow to the crude comments of Jeanine asking how many times we "did it" since the party last night. Kelsey looked at me, and we just smiled at Mrs. Yarrow. But I walked over to Jeanine and leaned toward her, getting a great look at her impressive tits.
"Didn't I tell you?" responding to her rather crude question in a conspiratorial voice. Jeanine leaned toward me, expecting to hear some secret information about our sex lives.
"No!" She sounded just as conspiratorial. I looked around and it seemed like everyone had stopped to hear what I had to say.
"Well then, I guess it's none of your business." I walked back to Kelsey without another word.
There was silence for at least two full seconds, and then everyone burst out laughing. Even Jeanine found herself laughing in spite of the fact that she was the victim of the joke.
I looked around the back yard a little more thoroughly and found myself getting excited by what I saw. Three of the six women were topless as they sat or walked around the pool. The other three were totally nude. Maria was slowly stroking Jose's huge cock, which was out in the open for all to see. And for some of the women to drool over. Jeanine, one of the nude women, was tenderly applying sunblock all over Ginger's body, but it seemed like she was spending a little more time than was necessary making sure that Ginger's asshole would not get burned. And I found myself wondering with a grin if anyone's asshole ever got sunburned. Mrs. Yarrow was topless and applying sunblock to her huge and wonderful breasts, resulting in her awesome nipples standing out almost far enough to bump Beth, who was sitting on the lounge nearby applying sunscreen to her husband's nude body as he stood next to her. His dick wasn't totally erect, but it stuck out enough to be noticed. The only one who was totally clothed was the cook, standing over the large grill trying to wipe the smoke from his eyes. And that smoke smelled so good that my stomach growled loud enough for Kelsey to hear. She smiled at me as if I had told a joke.
The three men in the pool may or may not have been nude, but I couldn't tell. What I could see, however, were the remaining three women in the pool with the men. And, predictably, the women were at least topless. Also, predictably, the men were obviously enjoying the easy accessibility of their breasts. There seemed to be some sort of game being played, but the clear purpose of the game appeared to be physical contact with as much skin as possible.
All told, it seemed that everyone was enjoying themselves. But even more so when everyone stopped to look at Kelsey.
She was wearing the bikini we had purchased at Cindy's shop the day before, and it was really drawing attention. Her top was comprised of two tiny cups in a long triangle shape, and they barely covered her nipples. She had adjusted the width of the cups so they revealed as much as possible, including the light brown of her aureolae. The material was quite thin but not transparent, so you could not see the dark brown of her nipples, but her hard nipples were obviously protruding in a desperate attempt to pierce the cloth. But what really drew a gasp from several people was the bottom of her bikini. It was also a long triangle, and it also barely covered what was intended to be covered. The material was just wide enough to cover her pussy, with the bulge of her lips providing shape for the small patch of cloth. What showed was the infamous camel-toe in full glory. And while her bush was closely trimmed, the triangle of her muff was larger than the triangle of material attempting to cover it. It was an amazingly sexy show, even more sexy to me than the nudity that was all around me. Once again I marveled at how incredibly HOT this woman was to me.
And apparently Kelsey was hot to the others in that back yard, because there were several comments and more than one whistle in reaction to her tiny bikini. Jeanine stopped rubbing Ginger's body long enough to stare, and I was sure that a bit of drool escaped her open mouth.
"I am so glad that the two of you have finally decided to join us!" Mrs. Yarrow's voice could be heard above the noise of the party. "Now I have someone to apply sunblock to the girls who really know how to massage them. Please come over and help me." Her urgent request for assistance seemed to automatically turn Kelsey and me in her direction. Truthfully, I could not wait to get my hands on her tits, and especially on those huge nipples. And apparently Kelsey was interested in those tits, too, because she never hesitated in walking over to Mrs. Yarrow's lounge chair.
I grabbed a lawn chair and pulled it over next to her lounge and there was just enough room on the lounge for Kelsey to sit her exquisite ass next to the woman. We looked at each other briefly, smiled, and then started the very pleasurable task of rubbing sunscreen into Mrs. Yarrow's wonderful tits.
"Todd," Mrs. Yarrow commented quietly, "you forgot the sunscreen." She was chuckling as she spoke. I grinned at her.
"No, I didn't. At the moment, I am not applying sunscreen, I am just playing with your tits." My grin got even wider as I spoke. Mrs. Yarrow laughed.
"Cheeky devil, aren't you?" Her question was asked through a wide grin.
"Not cheeky at all. Just in awe of these gorgeous tits." I grinned myself, and then went back to caressing and squeezing and massaging those world-class boobs. But after a minute or two, I added sunscreen to my rubbing and squeezing.
Even after Kelsey and I had played with her tits and brought her to two orgasms the night before, I was still amazed at Mrs. Yarrow's soft and squeezable tits. They were huge by my standards, and they sagged to the side just a little, yet they were very soft and squeezable. I had never seen anything like them, so I really did not know what to expect until last night. But they were so sexy that I decided I absolutely loved playing with them. And I was so glad that Kelsey did not mind my fascination with them. In fact, she seemed to be just as enamored with them as I was. I looked over at Kelsey and she had a very sensual smile on her face that matched mine.
After several minutes of applying sunscreen to her breasts, Mrs. Yarrow announced, "You can apply that to more than just my boobs, if you want." Her words were accompanied by a sexy chuckle, suggesting that we could concentrate on her tits for as long as we wanted. But Kelsey and I followed her suggestion, even if a little reluctantly, and covered her shoulders and arms.
Another couple of minutes and we had covered the front of her body from the waist up to her chin. We paused long enough for Mrs. Yarrow to roll over, but instead, she raised her ass off the lounge long enough to slide her bikini bottoms down her legs and off her feet. Then she lay back, indicating she wanted us to continue down her body. Kelsey looked at me and then down at Mrs. Yarrow, but the older woman was laying silent with her eyes closed. Looking at Kelsey, I shrugged my shoulders, asking the question. Kelsey grinned and nodded. So I did the obvious and applied sunscreen below the woman's waist. Mrs. Yarrow had a lush and luxurious bush, as if she had never trimmed in her long life. And I grinned with anticipation as I ran my fingers through it. Apparently, I am in a small minority among men, in that I absolutely loved pubic hair. And Mrs. Yarrow was a fantasy come true for men like me. Kelsey let me focus on Mrs. Yarrow's pussy while she started on the woman's feet and legs. So I went to work at a task I loved so much that I almost felt guilty.
I ran my fingers through her luxurious bush several times, almost as if to comb it. And after several minutes of that I could see Mrs. Yarrow expressing her pleasure by moaning a lot and by issuing streams of juices out of her pussy. As I gently stroked her lips, they parted for me almost as if by magic, allowing an almost constant trickle of juices to escape. The scent of her arousal was incredibly distracting, causing my dick to get so hard it almost hurt. I slid a finger from the bottom of her slit to the top, stopping just short of her clit, which was standing out almost half an inch from its protective hood. I stoked her lips again, and this time a moan loud enough to get attention from some of the others in the group escaped her. A couple of them stopped to watch me as I stroked Mrs. Yarrow's pussy. So far as I know, the woman had never even gone topless during one of these weekends, and now she was totally naked and having her pussy played with. Several of us were really turned on by the sensuality of it as well as by the rarity of it. And I was the lucky man playing with her pussy. Damn, I was getting turned on!
By this time, Kelsey had finished both feet and both legs, but Mrs. Yarrow still did not turn over. Instead, she moaned again and spread her legs for me a little more as if in invitation. Or at least I chose to take it as an invitation. So, almost in trepidation, I ran my finger up her pussy lips again, this time pausing to slip a finger inside. She moaned so loud it was almost a shout so I pushed it even deeper. Her moaning got louder and more urgent. I looked at Kelsey and she was watching everything I did with intensity. She watched without a word as I moved my finger in an out for a few seconds.
I slowly worked a second finger into her pussy, and Mrs. Yarrow mumbled something between her groans that sounded like "more." So I slid a third finger into her and started to work them around. I stroked the walls of her pussy and her moans changed to whimpers. I started pumping my three fingers in and out slowly, listening to the sounds she was making. There was soon an urgency in her sounds, so I pumped harder. Her juices began to coat my hand as they collected in a small pool on the lounge beneath her ass. Then I adjusted my fingers so I could reach her G-Spot. As soon as I started rubbing her most sensitive tissues, her moans and whimpers changed to something that sounded like growls. Her eyes were still closed, but she started to raise her hips in time with my strokes, almost forcing me to reach deeper and deeper into her dripping pussy.
I was simply loving this opportunity to bring Mrs. Yarrow pleasure, and I found myself leaning down almost as if my tongue was being pulled toward her pussy. I wanted to lick her lips and taste her juices so bad. My dick was tenting my swimsuit as it got harder and harder and harder. Between her scent and her juices, my desire to push my tongue deep into her became almost uncontrollable. I shifted in my seat, and dipped my head to her crotch. I began to lick her clit as my fingers continued to stroke her G-Spot. I had no idea how long I was in heaven, but I knew I was there.
Just then, Mrs. Yarrow pushed her hips toward my face and screamed. Her arched back almost drove the sopping wet folds of her lips to my lips. She began shaking and humping so frantically that it was impossible to move my face any lower without her breaking my nose. But my fascination with her taste was sated in a surprising way. As Mrs. Yarrow continued screaming, her pussy squirted juices all over my face. Several long pulses forced me to taste her as my face and neck was drenched. After what seemed like minutes but was surely only seconds, Mrs. Yarrow stopped making noises and lay flat on her lounge again. Her breathing was still rapid and shallow, but she began calming down. The sound of clapping reminded me that there was a world beyond Mrs. Yarrow's pussy. I looked around and everyone had gathered around the three of us as we put on an unplanned show for them. As the applause reduced, Mrs. Yarrow opened her eyes and looked at all the faces staring at her pussy. She grinned in embarrassment and slowly brought her knees together.
"Well, that was certainly a surprise. I have never cum in the presence of so many people before. And I never squirted in my life." Turning her face toward me, she exclaimed, "Todd, you are an extraordinary lover. Thank you for the most exciting orgasm of my life, even topping what you and Kelsey did to me last night. Which, by the way, was the best I ever had until today." She paused and gave Kelsey and me very appreciative looks. "Obviously, the two of you will make each other VERY happy." Several people made appreciative comments, and all of them were surprisingly warm and encouraging. I guessed that no one could bring themselves to make crude comments to Mrs. Yarrow, who was the epitome of politeness and grace.
Then, as if she had no care in the world, she turned over onto her front and asked, "Todd, could you and Kelsey please finish putting sunscreen on me?" Kelsey and I looked at each other and grinned, and then got situated to apply more sunscreen on this incredibly sexy woman. And as we started rubbing sunscreen into her soft skin, she surprised both of us by saying, "By the way Kelsey, I absolutely love your bikini."
Kelsey looked at me and her smile just got wider. Once again I wondered if Mrs. Yarrow was hitting on Kelsey. The woman claimed last night that she was not a lesbian. But in the same sentence she implied that she had had at least one lesbian experience, and that she would consider having another one. Working the sunscreen into Mrs. Yarrow's back and shoulders gave me time to imagine watching Kelsey and Mrs. Yarrow going at it on the bed upstairs. My dick kept getting bigger and harder as I thought about that scenario, and I accidentally bumped her with my pelvic projectile in the shoulder. Mrs. Yarrow lifted her head and rotated so she was looking directly at my erection.
"Sweetie, it has been more than twenty years since I have had a cock in my mouth. That means I am long past due for one. And after what you have just done for me, I would really love to break my fast with the wonderful tool in front of my face. But I suppose I should ask your woman what she thinks before I make any plans." Her eyes never left the lump in my swimsuit as she spoke. Then she turned over, sat up, and looked at Kelsey.
"Honey, the two of you have given me unbelievable pleasure last night and again today. But that only means that I am more horny than I have been in many years. And your sweetheart here has been poking me with that wonderful cock for the last ten minutes. So, I need you to do me a favor. I need you to drag him away from my reach, or I need you to hold him while I ravage his body. You make the choice, honey, but do it quickly." Mrs. Yarrow had been speaking quietly, but it was clear that she was sincerely pleading. Kelsey looked up at me and the expression on her face was inscrutable. In the very same instant, I experienced both fear and excitement that she might agree hold me for Mrs. Yarrow. A quick vision passed before my eyes of being tied to a bed with both women using me for their sexual pleasure. I almost came on the spot. Kelsey's voice jerked me back from my vision.
"Mrs. Yarrow, I think I would enjoy holding him while you ravage his body. But for now, I think I will just drag him toward the grill and see what is to eat." Kelsey, took a long look at Mrs. Yarrow's body, which was still totally nude, and then stood and reached for my hand. I stood and allowed her to lead me away. I was both relieved and disappointed as we walked toward the sizzling grill, and I was not sure which emotion was the stronger. Kelsey noticed my uncertainty as we walked.
"Are you disappointed that I chose option number one?" She seemed more curious than jealous, which caused me to carefully consider my answer.
"Kelsey, you are the most exciting woman in the world to me. You turn me on like no one else has ever turned me on. It is important to me that you know that deep in your heart. Do you believe I am being honest with you when I say that?" Kelsey stopped walking and turned to me. She took my shoulders and squared them with hers, and she leaned her head ever so slightly forward. Looking deep into her eyes, I saw her answer before she spoke it.
"I believe you, and I totally trust you with our relationship."
"Okay, then I am not sure how to word this next comment. Kelsey, I confess the thought of Mrs. Yarrow participating in some way with our sexual activities does excite me. I have no interest in any sexual activities with any other woman. I give you my word on that. But there is something exciting about the thought of Mrs. Yarrow joining us. Does that hurt you or bother you or make you feel uncomfortable?" My heart ached at the thought of my admission hurting her. And, at first, her next few words made everything much worse.
"Actually, the thought of Mrs. Yarrow joining us in bed does make me feel uncomfortable." I felt like dying as she said that. Deep in my heart, I knew without a doubt that I never wanted to hurt this wonderful woman. Ever. And I felt like I just did. But her next words changed everything.
"But the discomfort I feel is strange. It is centered in my pussy. My pussy tingles at the thought of her joining us, and that makes me feel uncomfortable." She looked at me in confusion. "Am I making any sense to you?"
"Truthfully, Kelsey, you are making total sense. And I confess your words both scare me and thrill me at the same time. I think we might have another thing to discuss someday."
"Another thing?" Her confusion was even deeper.
"Yes, remember a couple days back when you came just watching me pee?" She slowly nodded. "Well, you asked if that was something we needed to consider. And I am just asking if a threesome is another thing we need to consider and talk about." She paused for a few seconds before responding.
"I don't think we need to discuss the general concept of a threesome. At least for the moment, I am not open to the idea. But the specific question of some sort of sexual activity with Mrs. Yarrow? Yeah, we can talk about it..." She paused again, considering, and then nodded. "Yeah, I could consider that. But I would rather not talk about it here in the back yard with a dozen people listening." I nodded in quick agreement.
"And, Todd, there is something else we need to add to the list of items to be discussed. We need to, someday and maybe soon, discuss the clear change in our relationship. And where that change seems to be taking us."
Suddenly, I panicked. "What change?"
"Actually, it is more of a trend than one specific change."
Still panicking, I replied, "Okay, what trend?" Kelsey looked at me strangely.
"Making a list of sexual topics to discuss later is a clear assumption that there willBEa later. I think we need to talk about that." There was a finality to her voice, suggesting that this was not a request. And as much as I agreed with her as to the implications, and maybe even the importance, of this trend, I was not sure what I wanted to say. It was clear that there was a trend in my heart, and it was clear that trend was pointing toward a serious, even permanent, relationship. But was I ready to talk about that trend? How could I express my feelings for her when my feelings were still developing? My internal conundrum was interrupted by the cook asking me what I wanted on my plate, saving me, at least for the moment, from having to respond to Kelsey.
As everyone lined up for lunch, it was obvious that no one took the time to get dressed. They were either too hungry to get dressed, or they had reached a point of comfort, or maybe exhibitionism, that they simply did not see the need for clothes. Even Jose stood in line with his huge cock standing straight out in front of him. I was surprised to see Mrs. Yarrow standing at the end of the line still totally naked. I walked over to her after Kelsey and I had filled our plates.
"Are you sure we covered you with enough sunscreen, Mrs. Yarrow?" My question came with a quiet laugh, and received one back from her.
"Actually, I am certain this is the type of sunscreen that wears off quickly. Maybe after lunch, you and Kelsey could apply some more." It was more of a question than a statement, and possibly even more of a request.
"Well, I am sure that Kelsey and I would be happy to oblige, right, Kelsey?" Not wanting to commit Kelsey to something without her permission, I turned and looked at her, interested in seeing her response. And Kelsey's eyes simply sparkled as she nodded, giving Mrs. Yarrow a look that almost surprised me.
It took almost an hour for the group to eat their full. Hot dogs, hamburgers, and ribs were consumed, along with a couple gallons of potato salad and cole slaw. And I was certain that we destroyed two full cases of beer during that time. As I was wiping the last of the BBQ sauce from my hands, I looked over on the far side of the yard to see two of the men peeing in the bushes. I decided that I needed to join them in recycling the three beers I had enjoyed. As I got up, Kelsey asked me where I was going and I told her. She looked like she wanted to say something, so I waited for a moment.
"Would you like some help?" she asked hesitantly. My dick immediately got hard again.
"You want to hold it to make sure I hit the right bushes?" I was both surprised at her question, and totally excited by it. She nodded, showing an equal amount of surprise. I grinned and shrugged my shoulders. Kelsey sheepishly stood and we walked over to where the other two men were relieving themselves. And they looked at Kelsey, uncertain what she was doing in "their" corner of the yard.
As we neared that corner of the yard, I paused and asked Kelsey which bush needed to be watered. She pointed out a large hibiscus bush, and I pulled out my dick to pee. She knelt next to me and took my half-hard dick in her hand. Aiming at the bush, she silently waited for me to start. There was a quiet murmuring in the group behind us and I suddenly realized that the entire group was watching us. Either Kelsey didn't hear them or she didn't care that they were all watching us. She just stared intently at my cock.
As the piss started to flow, Kelsey grinned and her eyes seemed to glaze over. My urine flow was strong, and it went just where she pointed it. Then she did something that almost caused my heart to stop beating. She pointed my dick at her crotch and directed the piss all over her lower body. I drenched her pussy and her legs with my flow. Then she sprayed an arm and a hand with the last of my stream before it trickled to a halt. As I watched her in amazement, I saw her experience a strong orgasm while still on her knees. The orgasm was so strong that she almost lost her balance and fell over. I grabbed her shoulders to steady her, but she seemed oblivious as her body almost convulsed from her orgasm.
"Holy shit!" The exclamation came from right behind me. I turned and saw that almost everyone had gathered around to watch Kelsey's performance. Several seconds passed before she became aware that we had an audience, and only after several people started talking at once. Kelsey looked around and saw all the faces of her new friends and was immediately embarrassed. But she was not so embarrassed that it stopped her from wiping her wet hand all over her other arm. Then she looked at her dripping body and smiled in a strange manner. Only then did she realize she was still holding my cock in her hand. She gently shook it once, then a second time, and then released me.
"I should get cleaned up." Her comment was quiet and seemed to be directed at no one in particular.
"Whoa! Wait a minute! If you like that kind of shit, I have six beers in me wanting to get out." Greg took as step forward as he spoke. Kelsey said nothing, but turned to look at the dick waving in the air next to her shoulder. And she just knelt there, saying nothing, looking at Greg's dick, as he started to pee. He started at her shoulders and drenched everything, paying special attention to her beautiful boobs. Before he finished, Tim started peeing all over her back. And then Jose moved into position to cover her boobs again. He literally hosed down one breast and then the other. And before he finished, Kelsey started shaking all over again. This orgasm was a fierce orgasm, causing her body to shake and tremble. She gasped several times and then almost screamed. Then she collapsed onto her back, seeming unable to move. Jose fishing emptying his bladder directly on her pussy. As his stream reduced to a trickle, he finished on her right foot. Jeanine moaned loudly at that, and almost looked like she was going to swoon. "God, that was so hot," she almost whispered.
Everyone stood there without a sound, except for Kelsey's hard breathing.