All rights reserved, NotLloydG 2021
This story can read alone, but it follows, and is best read after, "The Summer of '12".
-----
Clickety clack went the Ferragamo point toe pumps on the pavement at 48th and Avenue of the Americas. Clickety clack, the heels were attached to some long, shapely and athletically-toned legs that disappeared into a tailored, belted blue wool and cashmere dress worn under a short wool blazer of forest green edged in navy. The dress hugged (discreetly) an athletically-toned body and high, C-cup breasts. Almost 5'8" above the ground (actually higher, as she was wearing heels, after all) erupted a carefully, if naturally, coiffed mane of blonde hair. Her face was elegant, high-cheek-boned, even somewhat stern (some might say haughty) unless softened by a dazzling and engaging smile.
It was an unseasonably warmer October, or perhaps seasonably warm in the new normal, so she did not stride quite as fast as she might normally. As she hit Fifth she found the pedestrian traffic moving slowly. She loved this season when the city shed the summer's heat and began to sparkle again. Her office -- a corner for the last two years -- had a view northwest to the river and northeast to the expanse of the Sheep meadow in the Park. Come 615 the sky westwards had blazed into a striated painted horizon of orange and red and yellow, with the sky above fading first into cerulean blue and then a deeper indigo. The lights of the towers blazed and sparkled against this backdrop.
She'd been indecisive where to go to exercise. She belonged to a large and quite formal club facing the greenery on Central Park South, but she was heading her university's club, which lurked across from Grand Central behind a façade of stone and arched windows. The gym and the pool were both much smaller but much closer to the restaurant she was dining at.
The doors under the blue awning were held open for her and she strode to the changing rooms. Once in the fitness room she ran on a treadmill for half an hour at a steady 12.5 kilometre-an- hour pace, used the pilates machine, showered quickly and then changed to swim. Her conceit was to wear a bikini, which caused the odd stare (from the two women at the pool) and admiring glance (from the men). Dark blue, it cupped her breasts. From the day she had arrived in the US from Holland she marvelled at how many American women wanted to have a demure "modest one piece bathing suit" image, even if they were fantastic sluts. As it was, it wouldn't be forever that she could get away with a bikini, so why not wear it?
The locker room wasn't overly busy. She knotted her hair up in a bun, undressed and walked to the shower naked but for some green flip flops; some women taking in her high, firm breasts and tight pink nipples that swayed ever so gently and some women glaring because she did not cover up with a towel. Her skin was porcelain white, contrasting nicely with the wood tones around. In Europe nudity of this sort in the locker room was not a big deal; even nudity in the pool wouldn't be a big deal in some countries.
She arrived at the shower and, walking by one stall she glanced and noticed a red-haired woman in her 20s had a bush (trimmed, but full coverage); she far preferred her streamlined, fully waxed look. Funny how fashions changed...
She soaped herself slowly, fingers running over her toned abs. She was actually fitter and a little slimmer than during the torrid summer of her affair with a younger man five years before. She had run another half marathon and even done ski-toured the Cinque Torri.
The sight of the woman's reddy-auburn hair reminded her of that summer half a decade ago, of the young man with tawny hair who had demonstrated such sexual yearning for her. They'd pushed boundaries together in a mix of hedonistic lust and borderline risky public behavior on an island filled with the well-heeled and their summer homes.
That flame had burnt bright in 2012, and then guttered out as he went to university and her husband returned from Singapore. In 2013 she had gone to the island mainly in July, not August, for family reasons. That year she heard he had done a summer internship in Shanghai. One day the next summer she'd snuck away to the nude beach, a favorite of theirs during the affair, and she spied him with a 5'8" blonde with long hair, C cups and athletic frame: a compliment to her in younger form. She'd nestled discreetly amidst a fold in the dunes; when she popped up they were nowhere to be seen. She stood up, giving a good view to a passing jogger, and raced to the ocean for a quick dip. She dried off and then left about half an hour later. He'd evidently seen her, because that afternoon by the pool she found a bag of the same dog treats he used to bring her Labrador. It was an ambiguous thing because it came without a note.
Her left fingers strayed over her smooth pussy lips and her right hand soapily caressed her ass crack. An observer would have thought that this was a woman remembering a feeling of sexual intoxication. Her eyes closed. And then she stopped and seemingly pulled herself together. She dressed efficiently
The pumps were clickety-clacking on the black and white marble tiling of the club's entrance hall when she heard her name. She gazed up. A smiling red haired young man, older, more fully set, somehow stronger looking, was smiling at her.
Hard to frazzle in a boardroom, she was temporarily lost for words. Admitting that she'd been on the verge of fingering herself in the shower thinking of him was not a good opening line, so she settled for "Hello."
"What are you doing here" was a next line: a legitimate question, if not a really original one.
"Applying."
"I thought you went to.. oh yes, you we share the Club with your university...". This was a garbled acknowledgement that the years ago club had made the financially wise decision to admit to membership alumni of a lesser Ivy.
"Let's have a drink in the bar" he said, grinning.
"I have a dinner."
"Preposterous. You never eat this early."
And then she was sitting in the bar with him. He was 100% scrubbed traditional East Coast energy, the kind of boy that became the men who built postwar America. He looked good in his blue suit, sitting in a bar with leather sofas and wood panelling like he had always belonged there. In a sense he had.
In a subtle joke that reached down too many layers to even be remotely funny, she ordered a very old-fashioned drink: a dry martini. He did the same, which further ruined her attempt at irony because his enthusiasm in ordering it was unfeigned and not ironic.
They began with the easy stuff. He had the good manners to ask about her first: she was now some rungs up in the partnership, a reasonably prominent board spot, a growing client list feeding several more junior partners. "But enough about me. You graduated and..?"
He'd graduated. He'd trodden the traditional post-Ivy route and become an investment banker. Times Square offices. "Dad's old firm, so he was happy. Happy I didn't go to the two other obvious places: he thinks both their CEOs are pricks. He even bought me a place when he heard the news."
"Aren't you supposed to be working until midnight every night. Shouldn't you be back in the hive, 24/7 worker bee?"
"They slack off sometimes and let us sneak out. They lose too many people so I suppose it's a little easier now than in the old days."
"Work dinner tonight?" he asked her? She gazed at him as if to admire his newer, more mature good looks.
"Sort of. I am seeing an old friend who very fortunately for me is now corporate counsel. Business meet pleasure."
He glanced at her ring. "Yes. Still. Thanks to the miracle of boarding schools and husband's promotion to oversee some offices in Asia it's a very 21st century kind of being together. I will see him next in ten days."
"You look great" his hand edged over the table towards her. Here it comes.
"Now I really do almost look old enough to be your mother."
"You look as young and as hot as ever. 40s but looking 30s."
"Aren't you supposed to be picking up girls in bars downtown so they can try and marry you before you become a partner at a hedge fund? Hitting on an older woman looks like a complete misapplication of energy. Your spreadsheet should tell you that it is an unprofitable effort."
His hand reached hers. She glanced around the bar; he wasn't being obvious but they were where they were! She left her hand touching his for a significant four seconds, and the withdrew it, a small smile on her face. He was beaming as he leaned forwards: no mistaking where his mind was.
She finished her martini with a gulp and mouthed "I have to go". They shook hands under the blue awning and then laughed as they both turned towards 44th. They said a second goodbye, this time leaning in to do a more affectionate cheek-kissing. This gave him the chance to discreetly grab her hand and hold it. An observer would have seen her smile at him in a way that suggested a complex cocktail of emotions.
The next day was a sunny Friday before a long weekend. The streets below were brightly lit and sharply delineated. Her office telephone rang, a surprise given how far communications had shifter to wireless. It was a conference room in their offices two floors below.
She picked up the Cisco handset and answered it in a practiced, professional and soothing manner. Her face read surprise as her red-haired ex-lover and drinks-mate of the night before spoke.
"What are you doing in my office?" she almost laughed.
It turned out that he was part of a large deal team and had been tasked with the all-important task of walking some documents over.
"Can we have a drink?"
"Don't you have work to do, worker bee?"
"Can I see you?"
"No. And even if I wanted to I have to leave for a meeting. So no."
"I'm pouting with sadness."
"I'm sighing with irritation." She said, with rather more tenderness in her voice than the words alone would suggest.
She decided to escape from her building, which was large and had multiple exits, but he had had guessed right and, standing at the corner, spotted her and trotted up.
"This city is not as anonymous as you might think, young man." He grinned in response and fell into step with her as she moved up Avenue of the Americas. He nattered away about how much fun it would be to have a drink until they turned onto 55th, then he went into full sell mode.
They were in front of a Beaux Arts hotel at the corner of Fifth when she relented. She looked up, making his eyes grow wide until he said "The rooftop bar, silly man. Everyone we'd know is leaving town for the weekend."
The terrace enjoyed late afternoon warmth augmented by the odd heater. They sat at a round table at the end of the terrace near the bar. She had a glass of white Burgundy and, as she enjoyed being the object of such enthusiasm, another. He paused, smiled and said "I'll be right back", motioning with his head towards the washrooms.
She started to check her emails and then noted the length of his absence: it was a long time to be in the washroom. She read two more emails, tapped out a response to one and then looked up to see him emerging outside with an enormous grin on his face.
He motioned "again" to the waiter and sat down. She chided him for naughtily ordering another drink and then asked "What took you so long? Sick or did you book a room?"
He said nothing. The drinks then arrived with what seemed like inopportune haste, because she intuited that his lack of response was in fact an all too clear answer. He had secured a room (he wasn't afraid to spend money on this attempted seduction). She spoke slowly and softly, partly muffled by the traffic below. "I came up here to flirt, not fuck." Her use of the last word visibly inflamed his face. He fished the room card in its carboard wallet out of his suit pocket and flashed it by her.
"Please" he pleaded, earnestly.
----
The room faced Fifth and the historic building set above the streetfront jewellers. They were silent and apart, drawing together a few feet from the window for a slow kiss. He began to undo her belt, causing her to glance at the window. "Leave it open" and he continued to strip her. Belt. Jacket. Dress (more of a struggle). She slipped out of her shoes. He'd kicked his shoes off and his suit was now strewn on the bed. Her bra was off and his hands (surprisingly soft for a sailor) reacquainting themselves with her tits, thumbs twirling her nipples. Somehow his boxers and socks were off and a stiff cock was wagging out from the tails of a Brooks Brothers oxford shirt. She undid his tie and tugged it off even as his mouth descended to her right nipple to swirl and lick. He unbuttoned his shirt as his hands and mouth worshipped her torso, and then fluidly slung it onto the mattress.
He turned her to face the window, framing her in the window, and then began to kiss down her back as his fingers hooked into her thing and slid it down. He propelled her towards the window. There were people in the offices opposite, and people on Fifth 15 floors below, but the kisses and caresses felt wonderful.
He rose. She felt his stiff cock drag against her buttock and then nestle in the cleft, hard and hot pressure against her skin. He stroked from her upper arms downwards and inwards, hands meeting at the firm, flat belly above her pussy; he whispered in her ear."If the President is in his penthouse he could check you out. Or maybe the Secret Service can."
The President did not excite her, but the thought of being exposed to an agent, soaking her up through a rangefinder lens, caused her nipples to stiffen. His hands cupped her breasts, raising them almost as if he were presenting them to an audience across the road. She closed her eyes as his hand vanished from her right breast, hearing him slick it in his mouth (he had learnt well) before descending to trace the line of her slit. His cock was angling down the crack of her ass as he pressed against her, pushing her closer to the window. His hands returned to her tits -- again, the presentation -- and she opened her eyes. She did have an audience now. A man her age, pudgy, balding, was staring across. He had clearly seen shenanigans in the hotel before because his gaze was intense, not surprised.
As a finger began to trace her moist slit again she locked eyes with the man and reached back, edging back her red-haired lover to grip the shaft of his shaft, feeling its pulses and heat. She began to stroke it with little jerks of her wrist.
She ended the show by pushing back and sitting at edge of the bed, legs spread to invite her lover's attentions. He sank to his knees between her legs and kissed up her right thigh. He used his left had to push her back onto the mattress, the better to open her up for exploration. He ran his tongue up and down each lip before beginning to gently explore the slit with the tip of his tongue. He tipped her clitoris sideways, in his excitement pouring more saliva onto her and lubricating it so much he took and index finger to scoop it up and use it as lubricant to begin to finger her pussy to the second knuckle. As tonguing increased in intensity he curled the tip of his finger up and in to try and tickle out a reaction from her g-spot.
Her legs began to tense against his shoulders, locking him in. She part raised her shoulders and head. He glanced up and their eyes met in a complicit gaze. His hands were stroking her lean flanks and toned stomach with surprisingly, excitingly soft caresses.
The tension in her frame increased and his tongue began to work faster. She pushed him away with a foot. "I don't want to cum yet". She motioned him up as she sat up, his penis swaying in her face, the foreskin pulled back to reveal the dark red cockhead.
He advanced towards her, the phallic shaft protruding like a battering ram. She opened her mouth to receive it, swirling her tongue around it as she gripped his hips to control pace and penetration. She bobbed deeper and deeper onto his cock, aiming for something deep though she was a little out of practice. Soon she was slurping and sliding along and back four or five inches of his cock, and he was moaning. She popped off it, a trail of saliva tying her to his penis, and then she raised the shaft to lap at his tight, impressive scrotum. She stroked his cock as her tongue patrolled the rougher surface of ballsack, tilting her head sideways to reach the underneath.
He glanced at the window and pulled her up by her wrists. He led her to the window and planted her hands in a brace position on the ledge. She started to look out the window, apparently both excited and embarrassed at what she might see across the way. "Let's give the Secret Service a treat" he chuckled as he edged her legs wider and began to slip around looking for the opening to her pussy canal. She reached back to guide him in. She was so wet with excitement and lubrication, and he so hungry, that they both let out simultaneous gasps as he was suddenly buried three quarters in. He began to drive in and out, soon burying his length in her. His hands gripped her asscheeks, opening her bum to his gaze and giving him a view of the pinky bud of her hole above the sight of his slick cock penetrating her pussy. In and out.
Possessed by a manic energy he paused and guided her to the bed, placing her on her hands and knees, bum upthrust. Pressing down on her back with one hand he steered his cock back into her. Having penetrated, he held her ass with one cheek in each hand, parting it open wide. One thumb edged towards her pink bumhole, caressing and pressing. Soon he was pistoning her, his balls slapping against her with each in-thrust. Her face was now flat sideways on the bed, her left forearm supporting her weight as she began to masturbate herself with her right hand.
She came before he did, a series of tremors quaking her body that gripped his cock and intensified both their pleasure. He began to withdraw but she encouraged him to stay in ("it's ok, I'm on the pill") and he began to empty himself into her, timing each thrust to a spasming ejection of sperm.
He stayed in for a minute, feeling a bit of sperm leak around him, before pulling out and flopping on his back next to her. She extended her legs to lie flat on her stomach. He parted disordered hair to see her shrouded face. His smile was broad and unfeigned and happy and adoring.
"You do realize this is crazy. This cannot become a thing." She said. He nodded back in a silent yes-but-no.
----
The weekend and a couple of busy workdays passed. Her husband was going to be sidetracked to Australia. He said sorry with a literal mountain of flowers (home and office). She wondered if that thing with the pretty Head of the Sydney office had something to do with it. Were the flowers guilt-by-neglect or guilt-for-sex?
It was therefore a good day for red-haired boy to call and propose a drink; and given that humans love habits, they picked the same bar and hotel as the week prior. The sky was already darkening when he called, and it was fully dark and much quieter in the city by the time they arrived.
Wednesday nights were not the buzziest nights at a rooftop bar, even inside. They were sitting having a drink chatting about everything except what they next planned to do in the hotel room downstairs. There was an unmistakable excitement between them, even if visible touching and flirtation was dialled down.
She noticed the couple watching them first. This was not hard, as the couple in question was at the next table and quite undisguised in their interest in them. They had even angled their chairs to improve their view. She studied them. The first thing they noticed was that this couple also demonstrated an age gap, though not quite as pronounced as theirs (the man was early 40s and the woman perhaps early 30s). The husband was chiselled white bread heartland good looks. He was something over six feet, trimmed light-brown hair and neat, conservative wardrobe overlaying an air of a university jock who had largely looked after himself. He even had a cleft chin and some dimples when he smiled. She was over half a foot shorter than her spouse. A prominent bosom was tucked into a conservative shirt. She had thick and lustrous brown hair that had been tamed by an energetic hairdresser into an ample, conservative mane of well-kept, well-coiffed soccer mom hair. Her legs were demurely crossed, revealing some thin ankles and shapely legs. High school quarterback married a younger cheerleader?
They started talking about what was motivating the interest. They dropped their heads closer to each other, increasing the sense of intimacy they were giving off. What was this couple interested in? "Are they swingers?" she asked: a theoretical question as neither her red -haired young man not she had much experience in this area.
This fuelled the next ten minutes of discussion and led them to order another drink.
The watching continued -- broken by whispered conversations between this mysterious pair - and the suspense built.
They had resumed their speculation of their watchers, heads bent and laughter stifled, when they heard a deep and gravelly voice. It was the man of the couple, and even his voice was a cliché of his screentype! Red-haired turned and discreetly mouthed to the blonde "this could be fun!".
He was leaning forward, trying to bridge the gap between the tables. "I can't help but ask, but are you two a couple?". It was said very seriously, but with a dazzling white smile that was the pride of a dentist somewhere. They looked at him, and saw his brunette wife watching with a frozen smile on her face. Now that they didn't have to snatch glances at him it was clear that both members of the couple were bringing cornfed good looks to whatever they were about to propose.
What they proposed was to drink together. In all her years in the US she had never grown accustomed to how Americans will spill their entire life story to a perfect stranger. She dodged the question of whether they were a couple and hinted that they were from Boston and staying at the hotel. "But what about you?" And out came the story.
He was a successful car dealer in the mid-west. To prove it he ordered a bottle of Veuve Clicquot: he was a brand-showy wine buyer, it seemed, and the New Yorkers had a sidelong glance about it. He had grown up in a suburb and still lived there even as he had bought and launched dealerships statewide. He was now in two states, doing domestics and imports, "though half the imports were now built right here in the USA". He'd played football for State in college (special teams), so that box was checked. In case they didn't realize it, he was doing very well. It was a slow burn of a life story, but finally he asked "What do you do?"
Red-haired boy dodged it with a mumble and she dodged by asking the wife about herself. She was definitely a back-seat wife and was a little startled to be asked a question when her mesmerizing husband was around. They'd gone to the same high school, but years apart. He'd seen her cheerleading when he went back his folks' place and decided to watch a Friday night game one year. And so on.
They were well, if conservatively dressed. Before they could say anything -- such as 'we are all drinking a lot on empty stomachs' - a second bottle appeared and this conservative couple (bedrock of the local country club if they were anything) wanted to know if they wanted to party. His dimples appeared and he angled his head in anticipation. "We have a suite downstairs", he said significantly.
She was about to laugh when her red haired young man, who'd let her drive the conversation, turned to her with raised eyebrows and then answered swiftly and brightly. "We'd love to!"
The couple beamed even as she turned to her lover in shock and irritation. Her eyes blazed at him. He smiled and said "it will be fun: let's have some drinks and see their suite."
As they walked it became clear that the wife was a leven tipsier than she seemed sitting down. In the elevator she staggered a bit.
Their room was on a higher floor (not the same as theirs) and opened onto a sitting room with a tobacco leather armchair and a two-person sofa in a subdued taupe. A bottle of champagne was already in an icebucket on the coffee table, the ice more than half melted. The lighting was a mix of lamps and halogens in the bookcase. She peeked into the bedroom (which occupied the corner), which was more elegantly done in crisp white sheets, a pale white armchair and a pale brown and cream carpet. A full length mirror with gold frame hung by the bed in the space between the wall and the window.
Mr Car Dealer opened the wine and started pouring glasses, smiling as he did so. Something faintly Latin began purring on the stereo (this was a well-practiced couple of swingers). For someone looking group sex he could not have been more polite. It was clear this was not his first time trying this out.
They drank and he edged the conversation towards sex. They occupied the sofa and their hosts the armchair: she'd taken off her jacket to reveal a plain cotton shirt that barely disguised the lacy bra restraining her full breasts. She sat on his lap, squirming a little when she laughed (which was a lot).
Mr Car Dealer told the blonde: "You know, you look like a princess. So regal. Donlt you agree, honey." His wife nodded.
"Well that's very nice and very kind, but you obviously haven't met enough princesses. Your wife is very beautiful." He beamed, and so did the wife. He stood up and, dialling room service from the telephone by the window, ordered two more bottles of champagne.
The conversation plunged on amiably and then -- nudged by her husband -- the brunette leaned forward to the blonde (seated closest to her) and planted a full and lingering kiss on the blonde's mouth. The blonde was still reacting when Mr Car Dealer said "how about we get this party really started". Her red-haired lover was suddenly, and (in the way of all young men) predictably excited. The Brunette was now on the arm of the sofa leaning in again. As the brunette leaned in to brush away blonde tresses to kiss that long and elegant neck, the blonde asked "so is this what you want, lover boy?"
The question produced a "yes" from Mr Car Dealer, but it was the mute and excited bobbing of the head of red haired lover that she was studying. He'd risen from his seat in anticipation.
The brunette was rather good at neck kissing and dress undoing. The slim belt at her waist was removed before she'd even noticed, and her dress unbuttoned to admit some soft, feminine hands. The Brunette paused to take a slug of champagne. As she did blonde kissed her red haired loverboy, holding his face with both hands, and as she did the brunette disassembled her dress so that it was basically ready to fall off when she dropped her arms.
The brunette stood, a little unsteadily, and then began to undress. She shrugged out of her shirt to reveal an impressive chest held in by the lacy beige bra that had been hinted at for the last ten minutes. She undid her skirt and, tug, tug, tug, it slipped to the floor to reveal a cliché'd matching garter belt and see-through panties attached to sheer black stockings. She had a bare mons underneath the sheer panties.
"Come here boys." The brunette was slurring slightly, but her voice had dropped and sounded huskier and sexier now.
The blonde had dropped her arms and was also standing in her bra and thong: matching navy blue that was sexy in a discreet and expensive way. Red hair looked at her for approval as he moved forward. She smiled and nodded.
The brunette fell to her knees and positioned the two men on either side of her. She encouraged them to start undressing, and they did. As they fumbled and flung clothes, she reached behind and unleashed some eyecatching D cup breasts with tiny brown nipples. Soon she had two men down to their shirts -- and these were coming off -- by her side.
The blonde noticed that her lover's cock -- which was quite a decent size -- was already wagging at full staff and Mr. Car Dealer could also be called Mr Big. It was thick and probably eight or eight and a half inches long: circumcized with a red, round tip. Her young man was trimmed, but Car Dealer man had shaved fully, which made his rod look even more prominent. He was a just a little fleshy, much like his wife, but with an athletic and strong body.
The shirts were off and the kneeling brunette gripped a cock in each hand, licking her lips and glancing from side to side as if there was no way she could ever decide which penis to inhale. Courtesy won over the brunette wife, and she began to lick the tip of red haired loverboy's cock. She advanced onto it three inches, the underside of his manhood getting a sideways tongue roll as she did. At the same time she was pumping her husband's cock.
The blonde advanced to her lover and French-kissed him. As she did she felt Car Dealer's hand reach her breasts and then pop the left one out of her bra. Then she felt his tongue tipping her nipple. Red hair gurgled, and she ended the kiss to look down: brunette was gagging her way onto almost the full length of his cock. "Your wife is seriously good at sucking cock" she said to the man so pleasurably stimulating her nipple. He glanced up and said "damn right" with his eyes.
She edged off her bra as the brunette changed partners and began to suck her husband. He had his hand deep in his wife's hair, pulling onto his impressive shaft. She didn't seem to mind as she was giving off little moans and squirms.
The blonde caressed her lover's cock, moist from its recent sucking, as he began to stroke her pussy through her panties.
The kneeling brunette was tilted sideways, back to her, as she fellated her husband, but then she turned to face the blonde directly. Three sets of eyes watched the brunette take a side of the elegant navy thong in each hand and slowly slide it down. The men were staring at her waxed pussy, and both were stroking their cocks. "That's one good looking cunt, if you don't mind my saying" said Car Dealer. Red haired smiled broadly as if to say "thanks".
Brunette pushed her back and onto the coffee table. With gentleness and skill she unrolled each stocking to leave the blonde completely naked. Firmly she spread the blonde's legs wide. A tight slit defined by two perfect and fleshy lips parted, revealing pink. The blonde was growing pink in her face, and also in her pussy lips, at the exposure. The brunette leaned ahead and began to lick the blonde's slit up and down. She grabbed the blonde by the hips to pull her more onto her tongue and, with that mission completed, began to finger fuck the pussy in front of her.
Half lying on the coffee table in a sort of sapphic semi-bliss the blonde was at cock-height for the men. Red haired came over first and she took in two inches, swirling her tongue around and around. She felt a meaty tube on her far shoulder and turned to basically be hit by Car Dealer's cock when she turned. She opened her lips and he eagerly inserted it. He tried the same technique as with his wife, trying to pull her along his cockshaft, but she held him with an arm and distracted him by starting to cup and fondle his balls. He still pushed in. She was straining her mouth around it and the extra length caused her to gag and back off.
The alcohol, the excitement and the (one had to admit skilled) pussylicking she was getting had left her excited and on a glide path to an orgasm.
The brunette stood up and whipped her panties and garter off (she was still in stockings). She had a fleshy vulva, with prominent labia minora. Two steps forward and she was pulling the blonde onto her pussy. The blonde was a bit tentative, but then began alternating licks down each side of the brunette's slit and up the fleshy middle. The brunette began to grind into the blonde, holding her by the hair. The men were letting their hands roam over tits and thighs and asses.
There was a knock at the door, which really only Car Dealer paid attention. "I'll deal with this. I'll pay him outside." The others were more than happy for him to do that. Car Dealer padded off to get a robe from the bathroom and then angled back to the main door.
The blonde was now lapping the brunette, and the brunette in turn was stroking red haired loverboy's cock as they kissed. Their concentration was interrupted when they heard Car Dealer ask "Well isn't that sight the best tip you've had all year?".
The three lovers turned to see Car Dealer, a rolling tray with a large champagne bucket and a young waiter. He was shorter (5'10") than the other men, fine boned and had a coffee-and-cream complexion that suggested Surinam. He also had eyes protruding with amazement, eyes like billiard balls.
Car Dealer was grinning. His wife was behaving as if this had happened more than once and leaned down to kiss the blonde. Reddy haired boy was drunk and uninhibited.
"Come on girls, let's give this nice guy a little extra tip."
He walked to the blonde and, his meaty dick sticking out through the folds of his robe, repositioned her at the other end of the coffee table, facing the stunned waiter. He motioned to his wife, who kneeled between the blonde's legs and began to lick her again, this time concentrating her attentions on the clit.
Red hair and Car Dealer stood near the waiter. Car Dealer robe opened and he began to pump his shaft. The brunette was making slurping noises. The waiter looked confused, but the Car Dealer said "Look. Touch yourself, it's ok, but nothing else."
The waiter fished out a decent sized penis, darker hued than his face. The blonde lay back. The brunette grabbed the blonde's arm and guided her hand to touch herself. The blonde began to stimulate her clit and looked up to see that red hair was now stroking himself. Three men were pumping their rigid cocks over her.
"Spread your legs wider" said car dealer. And she did. She was open, pink folds exposed.
The brunette said "poor boy" and, kneeling down, began to play with herself as she began to lick the side of the waiter's cock.
Car Dealer was in peak dirty mode now. "Spread wider, princess, and then show him your ass." He demanded. The blonde paused playing with her pussy and pulled her legs up and bent them back and wide apart. Her vulva was splayed open and her asshole on view. She closed her eyes.
The first rope of cum from the waiter hit her right hamstring. The second splattered onto the coffee table by her bum.
The brunette grabbed a napkin off the tray and tenderly wiped the gooey white fluid up. The blonde's legs were still held up and back as she wiped. As this happened the waiter was being given a nice tip of the conventional monetary kind ("now you be quiet about this and you may well be invited back") and ushered out.
With the semen removed from her the Blonde was surprised to feel both the Brunette's hands on her thighs, holding her wide open. She felt hot breath on her pussy and then, with an audience of stiff cocked men reduced to two, the brunette began to perform analingus on her. The brunette spread her creamy white asscheeks wide, exposing every fold of flesh, and licked around her pink bumhole and then over it. Then she began to perform a series of high speed flicks at the same time as she drifted a thumb over the perineum and up to put pressure on the blonde's clit.
The blonde looked up to see Car Dealer motion red haired loverboy to get behind his wife. Looking back over her shoulder she her lover move to slide his cock into the brunette wife. Car Dealer bobbed over and presented his cock to her. She turned her head to a more comfortable position to admit the shaft, hot and meaty and throbbing ever so slightly. At that angle she could accommodate more, and Car Dealer began sawing his penis in and out of the blonde's mouth.
Tension was building in the groin for the blonde. The men switched, with Car Dealer retreating his penis to be replaced by Reddy Hair. The brunette kept up the asslicking and fingering. The Blonde used the soiled napkin lying by her to wipe brunette juices off her lover's tube and then began to suck, really suck, that cock. He was seven inches, and she was swallowing most of it, cheeks pulling in with in-thrusts. She had to bob off the rod when the combined clitoral and anal orgasm began to hit. Red haired's cock was bobbing by her cheek, slapping her as she concentrated on the sensations below. She chirped in surprise when the brunette pulled away, replaced with a different sensation as Car Dealer stepped in and, kneeling on the edge of the coffee table, began to feed his cock into her. She was wet, but his girth was significant and the second inch and a half of cock he shoved in produced a small grunt from her. Car Dealer held her by her thighs, widening her for greater access. He thrust another inch and a half.
"I'm fucking the princess" he said, panting and in a gravelly tone that seemed to excite everyone in the room.
"How's that, honey?" asked the Brunette, who was kneeling for an up close view.
"I'm still feeling the orgasm you gave me."
The Blonde licked at the tip of red haired's cock, but her lover was now being turned by the Brunette, who slowly inhaled the penis almost to the trimmed, tawny pubic hair. Brunette then pushed the younger man onto the floor and sank onto him.
Car Dealer had now pushed and shoved six inches into the Blonde. Her eyes widened and she looked over to the couple on the floor next to her. Red Hair was holding the brunette's pendulous tits, mauling them, as she ground onto him. The brunette was leaning backwards to eye her husband as he fed his cock into a new pussy.
With something like seven inches of stiff flesh in her the blonde reached a hand up to motion 'enough', but Car Dealer slowly, but firmly kept advancing. He was a strong man and found the extra depth. He picked up pace slowly, widening the blonde and speeding his thrusts. As the Blonde felt the final waves of orgasm subside he began to fuck her four, then five, then six inches in and out.
The brunette was playing with herself, encouraging reddy hair to lick her nipples. Her eyes were fixed on her husband's slicked and thrusting cock. In a minute the brunette began to cum with a series of small whimpers.
The brunette got off red hair and, grabbing a hand, pulled him to his feet. Her tits swung distractingly as she did so. She steered him, sloppy cock to the blonde's mouth. Kneeling behind red haired she pushed his cock into the blonde's mouth, which was half open because every thrust from Car Dealer's rod was causing her expel a small amount of air. The brunette's right hand reached through to stroke red hair's balls and the left started to caress his ass crack.
The blonde sensed Car Dealer tense, but red hair was now holding her onto his cock and gently face fucking her. Simultaneously the Car Dealer popped his cock out and the brunette began to lick the side of his shaft and his balls, gripping his flanks with her hands. Red hair erupted in the blonde's mouth: once, twice, and a third time. Cum dribbled out of the blonde's mouth, though she swallowed well over half of the load.
Red hair pulled out and staggered back onto the sofa. The brunette pulled the Blonde to join her in worshipping her husband's penis. While the brunette licked balls and the end of the shaft, the Blondes concentrated on the upper length and the underside of his cherry-shaped cockhead. The brunette shifted behind her husband and began to tongue her husband's ass. He leaned forward to open for her, and to enable her to better fondle his ballsack.
That stimulation did it for him, and he began to spew cum onto the coffee table ahead.
They sat in silence for a minute, recuperating. Car Dealer stood up poured four glasses of champagne and distributed them.
They were joyfully drunk at this point, flushed with excitement and sex.
The look they'd all seen on the waiter's face gave them ammunition for a dozen jokes and reasons for laughter. The blonde found Car Dealer next to her cupping her left breast and massaging it. She looked at him: he was talking with animation and his cock, which had shrunk to a semi-flaccid 5 inches, was now recovering.
He gulped champagne and mouthed something to red haired, which she did not catch. She looked at red hair, but he ignored her and Car Dealer was now behind her, cupping and palming both breasts. She felt the weight and firmness of his penis against her ass.
Now they were being steered into the bedroom.
Car Dealer had an idea and the women were positioned next to each other, on their backs.
"That's a sight" said the Car Dealer to Reddy Hair, who he was now treating like a sidekick.
"That's a sight" the blonde replied, looking at two aroused penises waggling at the bed.
Car Dealer, who should have been sporting a team captain's C (if he had clothes), was now organizing and guiding, and it was partner swap time.
His breath was heavy on the blonde as he knelt to lap at her. He was a big man and had a big tongue, which he used excitedly. He was messy and enthusiastic and his hands were travelling all over her body. He didn't mind when she grabbed his head to pull him onto her clit. In fact he took the opportunity to suck it.
She looked at the brunette, who was giving off small pants as red haired loverboy worked on her. Her tits lay a little flatter and heaved around with her excitement.
Car Dealer looked up and asked "How's that, princess?" before burying his head again.
Her lover looked up. "You're better", the Blonde said to him, softly. She lay back and closed her eyes. The room was filled with sounds of slurping and breathing.
Perhaps a minute later Car Dealer paused and reorganized them. The men now flopped side by side, stiff cocks swaying side to side, inviting their partners. The bed creaked as both women mounted the bed. The Brunette began to swallow the glans of her husband, while the Blonde began to lap the Reddy hair's balls before pulling him into her mouth.
Half a minute later, with his cock stiffening further, she straddled and mounted Reddy hair, using her right hand to guide his column in. Reddy hair grabbed her bumcheeks and then let his fingers wander into her asscrack.
A couple of feet away the brunette's mouth was being pulled fully and firmly onto Car Dealer's shaft in an impressive demonstration of deep throating. Car Dealer was sitting and had reached back to begin probing his wife's ass with his index finger. A hand reached over to cup the Blonde's nearer breast.
"Lick my ass" he told his wife, pulling her off his cock and scrunching his legs, his rod flapping against his belly. The Brunette held her tongue stiff and rolled it around his now exposed anus. She grabbed his shaft and began to give it long pumps.
The Blonde bent down to kiss red hair, her cunt still gripping tightly around his cock. Their mouths opened in a French kiss. Both their eyes were closed, and the bed was moving round quite a bit, and she only noticed Car Dealer was right behind her when he touched her hip. She was startled and, breaking the kiss, looked back. He was standing on his knees, lubing an already glistening cock. His lube-free hand was holding her forward and spreading an ass cheek.
"I don't want double and I don't want that monster in my ass!" she said, but he just smiled and began to use the index finger of his slicked hand to probe her anus. Red hair was not helping because he had fixed her in place with his cock driven deep into her cunt and both hands were wrapped around her waist, pulling her forward so he could suck on her nipples. The Brunette wife was now at her side, stroking and kissing her back, which produced the effect of further holding her down, open and exposed. The Brunette was staring adoringly and drunkenly at her husband.
"You're a dirty girl, princess. You'll love this." Car Dealer's finger was now in past the first knuckle and he began to make small twirling motions.
"This is not what ...." The Blonde began, but the other three were not paying any attention.
Red hair was adjusting his cock angle to stroke her g-spot, and the Brunette now leaned in to French kiss the blonde and begin to thumb the blonde's clitoris. Car Dealer's finger was now at the second knuckle. This probing of her ass did not seem to bother the Blonde too much, nor did the vibrator (what a well equipped couple they were) that magically appeared in Car Dealer's hand and replaced his finger at her hole.
The vibrator had also been well-lubricated and it made a shiny, steady entry into her bum. The vibrations appeared to travel through her to add stimulation to Reddy hair, who started moaning at the new sensation buzzing his penis.
About half a minute later she broke off the kiss with the brunette -- more to get air than anything -- and looked back to take in the sight of half the dildo already in her ass. Car Dealer's other hand was gripping an oily and throbbing cock.
She looked down at red haired boy, still making small moans, still holding in a three point lock of hands and penis. "Hey" she said. He grinned at her.
The didlo was pulled out to plop on the crisp sheets. The bed sank as Car Dealer placed himself between, but not touching, Reddy hair's legs, his cocktip inches from the Blonde's slightly opened and inviting bumhole.
The blonde winced as the cherry-shaped cockhead was stuffed into her ass, popping through the ring. Car Dealer paused to let her adapt. The brunette continued to stroke and kiss her back, and stroke her clit as Reddy hair gripped her, greedily sucking on her pink nipples, first one, then the other.
Car Dealer tunneled into her half an inch at a time. His large hands splayed her asscheeks wide and held her in place, controlling how Reddy hair could fuck her pussy. Red hair mumbled "I can feel him in you".
"So can I" she responded, her eyes widening at another thrust that planted another couple of inches of cock in her ass. The next thrust was another eye opener, and it gave her the strength to break the grip of the two men and fall forward. She fell off Car Dealer's cock and then slid forward off the shaft of Reddy Hair. She flipped away on one knee to face the three others.
"One at a time, I think."
What she did not expect was that red hair would use the opportunity to take the lube, slick his cock and push the Brunette onto her back with a cushion under her ass. Alcohol and excitement ruled him. He held the Brunette's legs at the knee, bending them and widening them, and began to poke at the Brunette's ass with his cock. She did not seem to mind; she held guide the generous shaft of the young man into her and then began to frig herself.
Car Dealer was grinning. He shimmied over to feel her tits up and then spun her onto her hands and knees again. He began to spread her ass with one hand as he gripped a hip (very firmly) with the other. "Not what I...", but he ignored her. This time his cock penetrated her o ring with ease and he advanced in hungrily and steadily. Two thirds in she tensed to get him to pause, but he kept advancing and the bottomed out. "Oh my god. I can feel your balls at my pussy" she said.
Red haired boy was holding the brunette's legs by the ankles, her cunt spread wide and pink, thrusting wildly into her ass.
Car Dealer built up speed more slowly, but soon the room became musical as the alternating slush and schlap of cocks sliding in and balls slapping flesh.
"Hey, look at the show I'm putting on with Princess exhibitionist." Car Dealer was clearly pleased with himself. There was such preening in his voice that his wife and reddy haired loverboy stopped their coupling and organized themselves to watch. Loverboy was on his knees, his generous cock wagging in front of him. The Brunette had pressed against him, head on shoulder. One of her hands was stimulating her pussy, and the other reached around to encircle reddy haired's shaft and stroke it.
Both of Car Dealer's hands were holding the Blonde and he was driving his rod into her as he rested on one knee and one foot in a sort of sexual hip-and-quad stretch that worked by pounding his meaty rod into the yielding flesh of the golden haired women in front of him. "I'm assfucking the princess" he said in a very pleased sort of way. His deepest insertion resulted in him uttering a low, animalistic growl. He paused with his erect penis buried deep in her and leaned over and on her back to grip and palm both her tits. The Blonde's began to play with herself with her right hand, fingers furiously gyrating over her clit.
After ten second he pulled up and back and began slippy-sliding his oiled cock in and out. Now Car Dealer was muttering "Oh, fuck" and making higher pitched grunts. He began to alternate rapid thrusts of the middle four inches of his cock with slower pullbacks that almost extracted his rod from her. On one thrust his bulbous cockhead popped out and he gazed delighted as the Blonde's anus winked open for him. Palming a bit of lubricant, he oiled his spear once again and drove it into her. The Blonde, who had continued to masturbate herself, tensed and then held still as an orgasm rippled through her. Car Dealer slowed but kept plowing.
After ten or fifteen seconds she looked back, hair disordered, and said "Don't come in me". She caught the eyes of her audience right afterwards, before closing her eyes.
"OK princess." And he didn't: he flipped her over and positioned her at edge of the bed.
He held her legs open, pussy gaping wide, pink folds open to all three watching her, and then continued assfucking her, hungrily soaking in her exposure. He was back to thrusting the middle four inches of his cock in and out. Brunette and Reddy hair now leaned forward slightly to soak in the sight of this impressive cock disappearing past the creamy, firm cheeks and into the spread pink hole. Car Dealer tensed and pulled out. He released the Blonde's legs, which flopped down. He crawled up to her head and presented his balls to her as he began to fistpump his cock. She had flicked perhaps three or four times at his balls when he blasted three ropes of sperm onto her stomach and the curve of her tits. Edging down the bed, he used the tip of his cock to spread trails of sperm over her closer nipple. He looked ridiculously pleased with himself. The Blonde had gripped reddy hair's cock, which was within reach (her audience was up close and personal), and was stroking it. He was transfixed by the mess on her tits, and then he went completely rigid before she pumped four blasts of sperm out of him.
There was a long moment of silence as they settled on the bed. The Blonde stood and, followed by three sets of eyes, walked to the washroom to find Kleenex to wipe up the sperm decorating her.
"You guys want to order dinner?" asked Car Dealer. He was seated on the edge of the bed, a semi-turgid rod hanging between his legs, staring at her.
The Blonde was now framed in the doorway, naked, flushed, somewhat cleaned up. "It's been fun, but I think we have to go."