This story is a continuation of I'm Dating Our Mailgirl. The 1st 3 chapters of that story should be read first for context. All characters are 18 or older and are completely fictitious as is Seahawk Industries. Any resemblance to anyone living or dead is purely coincidental and unintentional.
PLANNING FOR THE WEEKEND
The next four days until the Halloween Masquerade Ball were four of the most difficult days I have ever spent. The first five minutes I would spend with 9 Thursday evening would be critical for the direction of our relationship. Meek little Monica thought being apologetic and asking forgiveness for accusing 9 of prostitution might be the direction I should take. Yea, right, that wasn't going to happen. But I did need to be conciliatory and considerate of 9 and her hurt feelings from the, yes, hateful things I had said. But what about my feelings. I was the one who has been betrayed.
I was still mulling over my approach and drafting a conciliatory speech each day. 9 only had one delivery to our department during those four days. I didn't want to be the ice queen, but our established pattern of downplaying our relationship in the workplace dictated I remain aloof. But I gave her a smile. This was a small indication that the thaw was happening. She smiled back.
ANOTHER VISIT TO THE FISHBOWL
But I needed to see 9 before Thursday night, not to talk to her, but just to see her. I made a trip to the fish bowl Tuesday morning. It was the typical crowd, About ten guys making crude and offensive remarks, one shy kid probably barely 18 who needed some stronger zit medicine. There were two women there. They appeared to be "a couple" with one fulfilling the fem role and the other clearly the butch. And Rose.
"Oh, good morning, Monica. I haven't seen you here in awhile, at least not here at the fishbowl. Is everything alright with you and 9? Or do you just need a little extra dose."
"I thought I would come down here to check out the two new girls, 13 and 14." I was proud of myself for coming up with that lie so quickly on my feet.
"Maybe doing a little trolling for some fresh, how shall I say, flesh?" She emphasized the "flesh" and said it with a Svengali-like sinister manner.
Don't say it, Monica. Control yourself. You're just going to get yourself into trouble. "Can't get enough 5, Rose?" There I blurted it out.
She gave me that sarcastic sinister under-the-breath snort. Food service brought in the gruel and ladled it into the three large bowls on the floor. Two sporks were placed by each bowl, but 8 of the girls would come up short unless they could grab one of the sporks discarded by one of the early diners. The girls were starting to come in. 9 and 7 came in hand-in-hand. 5 came in by herself but positioned herself right in front of the mirror facing Rose and me as if she had been coached to position herself there. 9 and 7 soaped themselves up in the shower and tended to each others most intimate parts.
"Sixteen really seems to be enjoying herself this morning."
"Sixteen?"
"Oh, I'm sorry. 7 and 9 seem to be inseparable, like Siamese twins. Some of the guys started jokingly referring to them as 16. I'm surprised 9 didn't tell you her new nickname. I thought you two shared all of your intimate little secrets."
7 and 9 did not perform cunnilingus on one another, but they did masturbate each other to climax. Feelings of passion were welling up inside me. I wasn't sure if it was anger or lust. When the girls were disbursing, Rose said to me, "Well, that's showtime for today, kids."
"Rose?" I hesitated and wanted so much not to utter what I was about to utter, but again I blurted it out. "Is that offer to use your, uh, tool, still open?"
She smiled the most diabolical snarky smile and said, "Yes, or course. Do you want to come up to my office now?"
"I, uh, I'm sorry. I really need to."
We got into the elevator without any conversation. We got out at HR. I followed Rose over to her office. She said to the attractive young blond outside her office, "Heather, I'm not to be disturbed." She gave her a wink and Heather returned the gesture.
"Ms. Anderson," the young woman reminded her, "you have an appointment at 8:00 with Olivia Wallace."
My head shot up. What is that all about, I wondered. There are only 4 reasons she should have an appointment with Olivia, and 3 of them were bad. Maybe Olivia was reporting back from having gathered some dirt on me. Maybe she was being dispatched with a secret mission to spy on me. Maybe Olivia and Rose were just have a morning dildo session. Or maybe it was a completely benign meeting. Rose had forgotten to submit some invoices to be paid by accounts payable. Yea, right, that was it.
"Thank you for reminding me, Heather. Be a dear and call her to reschedule the meeting to this afternoon. I'm not sure we'll be through by 8:00." She got a devious smile on her face. "And I'm not really sure I'll be completely composed by then."
"Yes, ma'am."
She ushered me into her office. She drew the shades in front of the glass window facing onto the office floor. She locked the door. "Don't worry, my dear, no one will disturb us."
She sat me on her couch and went over to a desk drawer. She brought out a petite smooth vibrator, "Do you want the smooth one?" Then she brought out another larger model with ribs. "Or maybe the nubbed model. Or if you want something really hard core, there's the G-spot massage Brute. I call this the destroyer because it will completely destroy any composure you have. Warning, this will have you half way up the wall before you are through."
"Maybe I should just start with the beginner set."
"Come, come, dear. We don't have much time. We both need to get back to work. Take off you skirt."
What was I doing in an office in the HR suite taking off my skirt.
"Well, you can't use it with you panties on." Memo to self, make sure to buy some thongs. I was embarrassed by my underpants which looked like something my grandmother had handed down to me. I took them off. But as embarrassed as I was about the underpants, it was nothing compared to the humiliation I felt when Rose saw my pussy. I had been psyching myself up all week to the whole world seeing my artwork down there, or at least that part of the world that would have been in the apartment recreation room Thursday night, but I never would have imagined exposing myself to someone in HR, certainly not Rose Anderson.
She guffawed and pointed to my cunt with my pussy hair shaped into a 9. "How sweet," she hissed. "A little shrine for you goddess." I was crimson with embarrassment. Rose started taking off her skirt. She was wearing a garter belt, garters and black hose. She was otherwise commando down there. "Let's get to work. We don't have all day."
She inserted the ribbed vibrator into her cunt. I took the cue and inserted the petite beginner's model into my pussy. I couldn't help but emit audibly moaning as the vibrations stimulated the inner walls of my vagina.
Rose said, "Wait a minute, I need something else." She picked up a remote control and pointed it toward a 36 inch monitor hanging behind her desk. She turned around to watch, but it was clearly displayed in front of me and I didn't need to re position myself to see. There was a image of 5 performing in the fishbowl, The tape could only be described as a highlight reel of 5 in action. 5 soaping herself, 5 inserting her fingers into her pussy, 5 masturbating herself, one or two of the other girls going down on 5, 5 reciprocating with the other girls.
Although the tape was clearly "The Best of Five", you could catch glimpses of some of the other girls. 9's strawberry blonde hair was clearly seen in some of the fleeting shots. One showed 9 being masturbated by 5. Rose paused her getting herself off and paused the tape. "This is worth watching in stop action." I resolved not to let Rose get to me. I watched and I continued to apply the vibrator to my cunt, emitting intermittent moans of pleasure as if I were enjoying this and not being bothered by it, which I'm sure is what she intended. And as I watch more and more, I was enjoying it more and more.
Rose achieved orgasm before me, but I wasn't far behind her. She wiped the pussy juices from her cunt and moved over to the couch where she sat down beside me. "I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming," I cried out. I wondered how much poor innocent little Heather could hear, but didn't care, the relief was too enjoyable. "Oh, I'm done."
Rose took her cloth and wiped off my pussy juices. "There, there, little one. Oh, you really did enjoy that, didn't you?" As she wiped me up she leaned over and kissed me. I was repelled but could not move away from her. When she finished wiping me up, she handed me my underpants. "Monica, I'm so glad we had this bonding experience. Maybe this can be a healing moment in our relationship that had gotten off to a rocky start. Oh, and buy yourself some different undergarments."
I put on my skirt and Rose put hers on. I jumped up and cried, "I've got to go."
"I hope I see you in the fishbowl again soon."
BACK TO WORK
Three mailgirls made deliveries to our floor on Tuesday, 3, 7 and 13, one of the new girls. I told each of them, "Have 9 call me." I needed to get a message to her. I figured by giving the message to 3 of the girls, one of them might get through. If all three were delivered, good, that would show 9 my desperation to talk to her. One girl might forget the message, or might withhold the message in an attempt to sabotage us, but three, there was an excellent change 9 would get the message.
9 did not have a cell phone, none of the girls did. The mmu could be used for official Seahawk business only and besides it was subject to monitoring. There was one land-line telephone in the warehouse for the girls to use, but no incoming calls were allowed. That is why the only phone conversation 9 and I ever had previously was when we arranged our first date.
That night, I waited by the phone. No call. Finally, at 11:30 as I was getting ready for bed, the phone rang. 9 was on the other end of the line. There was no affectionate greeting, no how are you, just a curt, "You wanted me to call?"
"Yes, yes. It's nice to hear your voice," I told her. "Are we all set for me to pick you up at the warehouse Thursday night at 8:15?"
"Sure, I'll make sure I'm ready. See you then." The conversation was over.
THE MASQUERADE BALL
Thursday night, I got out of my car and walked to the warehouse door. I was calm and collected. I had rehearsed what I was going to say over and over. I just walked in unannounced. 9 wasn't home yet. I say the big bed in the middle of the room and nearly lost it. In 4 nights 9 and 7 would be in the throw of passion in the middle of the bed. And in 5 nights. And in 6 nights. I averted my eyes and came face to face with my opposite number, 7. "Hi, Monica. Big night tonight?"
"I hope it will be."
"Boy I really envy you and 9. I wish I could join you. But instead I'll just have to stay her with the other girls. I guess we'll be giving each other treats."
9 eventually came home and we walked outside toward the car. I didn't want to be distracted during my famous 5 minute speech. I wanted to have eye contact, to hold her hand, perhaps to kiss her, "Let's sit over here for a few minutes." I led her to a rusty outdoor table and 4 chairs in disrepair that Seahawk had so generously provided to the girls. "Sit down, please. I know I said some hateful things to you Sunday night and into the morning on the way to work on Monday. That was unworthy of me. I've been doing a lot of thinking since then, about where I am in my life, about where we are in our relationship."
"You're breaking up with me, aren't you." I saw her trying to hold back her tears.
"No, no. Absolutely not. Where is that coming from?" I grabbed her hand. "You really have not idea how important a part of my life you are, do you. You are my right brain to my left brain. I am sequencing and linear thinking. I'm mathematics, business analysis, words, facts, logic. You are visualization, imagination, intuition, the artist. Do you have any conception how you have changed me, how you have made me a better person? In the last four days as I have analyzed things -- with the left side of my brain -- I've come to realize you are so many things that I can only dream of being. A month ago, having an affair with a woman was absurd, Parading around with a woman who makes her living by displaying herself in public, I couldn't conceive of it. Think how long it took me to climb into bed with you when I was completely naked. And now, tonight, it is culminating in my appearing in public completely disrobed."
"You will be wearing a mask." I hoped that was an attempt on her part to inject a bit of levity in my serious oration."
"Yea, right," I answered. "Are we back on track?" She leaned over and kissed me. I turned it into a tonsil tickling lip lock. "Now let's go have some fun."
When we got to the apartment, we both quickly stripped. We were both giggling like little school girls. I had bought some body paints, mostly blues, brown, tan, and other earth tones, and of course basic black and white. I had them arrayed on the dining room table.
I said, "I though some feathers would make the costumes more realistic. Do you want to do the honors first?"
She proceeded to paint some feathers on my body. I wouldn't have dared tell her how to do it, she's the artist. She covered my arms and legs and then started on my backside which was completely covered with feathers. She moved to my chest, "Don't cover me up completely. Maybe some accent feathers on my breasts and around my pussy, but I want people to have a clear view of them."
When she finished, I looked at myself in the mirror. I was a walking John Jay Audubon masterpiece. Then it was my turn to paint her. I knew I wouldn't be able to create any sort of a masterpiece compared to what she had done, but none the less, I dived in.
Do you all know that old joke about the woman who walks into a beauty parlor in a strange town where she knows no one. There are two beauticians, one immaculately coiffed and the other frankly rather unkempt with hair in a mess. The unkempt beautician had her hair done by the one with the beautiful hair and vice versa. The woman figured they had to do each other's hair, so the beautician she chose, the one with the messy hair, actually did the better job. Well, that was me and 9 with our "costumes". Hers was a mess. If mine was a museum quality masterpiece, hers wouldn't even have gotten a passing grade in a third grade finger painting class. We looked in the mirror and we both laughed uproariously.
She said, "I'm not sure I want to be seen in public looking like this."
As we were about to leave, I ran to the bedroom and brought out my necklace. I handed the chain to 9 and said, "Here, attach it to the loop in the front. You're not going to let go of your hawk all night long." We donned our respective masks, my hawks mask and her blue jay mask and set out down the hall.
THE GRAND ENTRANCE
We got on the elevator and went to the top floor where the apartment building's recreation room is located. 9 led me by the chain inside. We spotted Ted and Jennifer. Jennifer was completely naked. She wore her hair in extremely fine braids, not her normal look. There were curls on the forehead and sides of the head and the bulk of her hair was drawn into a bun at the nape. 9 bent over laughing and clasped her hands in front of her mouth as if to stifle a laugh. She shouted in a loud squeal, "You look like you just stepped out of a Correggio." She whooped in laughter and exclaimed as she saw Ted, who was in a swan costume. The body of the swan covered his hips except for a gaping opening from which his ample penis was emerging. She shouted, "Leda and the Swan! Outstanding. Ted, give me one of your nitroglycerin tablets. I'm about to suffer from Stendhal syndrome."
I clearly didn't catch the reference. Ted filled me in "Stendhal was a French writer who suffered a heart attach when he was overcome with the beauty of Botticelli's The Birth of Venus. Or as we art aficionados irreverently refer to it, Venus on the Half Shell. Google it when you get a chance."
I must have had a puzzled look on my face because 9 felt she had to inform me, "Leda was a mortal who was raped by Zeus who took the form of a swan. She bore him two children who were hatched from eggs. One was Helen. You know, from Troy?"
I viewed that snide remark as a put down of my lack of knowledge of the arts. "Of course I know who Helen of Troy was." I had no idea she was hatched from an egg, but I kept that lack of knowledge to myself.
9 continued, "Oh, Jennifer, how long were you at the beauty parlor today? That hair is straight out of Correggio, or Leonardo, or Michelangelo, or Rubens. Ted, you told us exactly how you were going to come, and I didn't put it together."
9 turned to me with a laments of mock sadness, "Monica, we might as well get ready to accept 2nd place."
Ted said, "Thank goodness there's someone here who has a knowledge of the arts. I've had two people ask me if I was Björk Guðmundsdóttir at the academy awards." I was lost; I looked to 9 for guidance.
"Bjork is a singer songwriter who created quite a stir at a recent Academy Award red carpet ceremony by wearing a swan dress." She turned to Ted, "Well, I can see the confusion, you both have the swans neck draped around your upper body and neck with it's head drooping as if it wants to suckle at your breast."
"Ladies, I must admit that your outfits are outstanding. Certainly worthy of 2nd place when Jennifer and I whip you feathered asses. Here, let me introduce you to some of our friends." We walked over to Adam and Eve. Adam was naked but for a fabric leaf covering his prick. I didn't want to know what was holding it in place. Eve had a cloth snake warped around her body so that it strategically covered her breasts, with its head emerging from the rear between her legs with the head covering her pussy.
Ted did the honors, "9, Monica, I believe you're met our hosts Parker and Prudence Dickson,"
Parker, said, "Yes, but we haven't been formally introduced. Delighted to meet you, ladies. Welcome to our ball."
We continued on to Lady Godiva. She was a stunningly sculpted woman, probably mid 40's but in outstanding shape. She had long golden blond hair which cascaded down to cover her body until it was but 6 inches off the floor. Of course she was naked under the hair cover. "This is Doctor Crawford."
She corrected him, "Lisa to her friends."
Ted continued, "Lisa performed a minor miracle about 10 years back when Jennifer and I were experiencing a rough patch in our relationship and we sought her services as a. . . .well I guess I can't say marriage counselor."
Lisa interjected, "A relationship counselor."
9 started filling in the blanks, "So you're a doctor by virtue of a degree in psychiatry?"
"Precisely."
"Give me your card. Give me a stack of them. I need your services on so many levels. I don't know where to begin. I'm psychotic. With lapses from reality. And I'm suffering from depression."
"Oh, dear. Well at least you wear your neuroses well. I'm sorry, but I don't have any of my cards on me." She parted her hair with her hands to make it clear she was absolutely naked.
"And I haven't even gotten to the relationship counseling Monica and I are in constant need of."
I knew she was deliberately making light of the situation, but I had to jump in, "Not constantly, my dear. I think we've made quite a good start in smoothing our some of the rough spots in our lives."
Ted spoke up, "I hope you don't mind. But I was so enthralled when I met you two ladies that I had to share some obvious information about you with Lisa. I certainly hope I haven't betrayed any confidences."
9 made a full turn, "What the heck have we got to hide?"
Lisa said, "I find you two absolutely enchanting. I hope to spend some more time with you, and not necessarily professionally." She winked and turned to Ted. "Ted, perhaps you can arrange that. Will you excuse me, I need to round up my horse." She looked around and pointed to a gentleman, a rather handsomely endowed gentleman wearing only a horse's head.
9 lead me around all evening by my leash. I was never separated from her, and I never initiated where we should go. But she did a good job in having us mix and mingle. There was plenty of food and even more drink. Since I didn't have to drive, I more than made up for my relative temperance whenever 9 and I went out.
There were around fifty people at the party. Other than Scheherazade, bare breasted and wearing gossamer harem pants which revealed all, and her consort similarly scantily attired, everyone else was pretty much presentable at even the most conventional Masquerade Ball. When the prizes were handed out at the end of the evening Ted and Jennifer as we expected won the prize for the best overall costume. 9 and I won 2nd prize behind Lisa Crawford for sexiest. We were given two separate trophies with two androgynous harlequins. Mine was going in my office but 9 wanted to display hers in my apartment. Was this another step in making it "her" apartment?
At the end of the evening, Ted and Jennifer invited us to come by their apartment for one final night cap. I whispered in 9's ear I wanted us to go back to our apartment fairly soon. Why did I not assert myself or assume my heretofore presumed role as the dominate character in this duo? 9 quickly rushed into the breach and said we would come in for 1 round only but then we had to leave.
I was so drunk 9 practically had to carry me out. I was staggering and also leaning on Ted. We got to his apartment and 9 literally dragged me in by my leash. I actually dozed off but I didn't pass out. 9 later told me she had one more drink, then woke me up. She pulled me to our apartment and she managed to drape me on the bed. She kept shouting at me, "Monica, you've got to take me to work in the morning. Are you going to be able to take me? Please. I can't get any more demerits. Set you alarm clock, please, Monica."
THE NEXT DAY
The next thing I knew it was 6:00 and my alarm was going off. I was groggy and hungover but I was sober enough to realize I had to get 9 to work. Of course, I didn't need to "get ready" for work since I had planned to be off and it only took 9 five minutes to get out the door. I could drop 9 off and come back home and crash. She would be showering in the fishbowl. I'm sure her appearance would cause considerable discussion among the crowd around the fishbowl, but, heck, it just might make it a more interesting show. Neither one of us had showered last night and we were still covered with the paint. It didn't matter since I was just driving the 15 minutes it would take me to get to the Seahawk building and then I would be returning home. 9 was still naked since I could just drop her off at the front door of the building. People were getting use to seeing naked mailgirls walk the short distance through the lobby to the fishbowl. I was sorry I was going to miss the show this morning, but I couldn't go in like I was. Since I was taking the day off I didn't need to be spotted in the building,
We drove 9 to work. "Why don't I pick you up at the warehouse around 8:15 tonight?"
"Great. I'm looking forward to spending the weekend with you."
"Are you going to be alright today?"
"Yea, I've held back on 3 of my uppers the past two weeks and I've got them stored in my locker. I'll pop one as soon as I get to the fishbowl. I'll take another one at lunch and I'll still have a spare if I start crashing later in the day. I don't think I'll need my downer at this end of this busy day and I don't want to dampen the natural Adrenalin rush I'll have from knowing that we will be spending a weekend of love making starting tonight."
We happened to be at a stoplight, I leaned over and kissed her and said, "Sounds good. I'm looking forward to spending the weekend with you."
I hadn't even grabbed anything to cover up when I left the apartment. I was as naked as Venus on the half shell as Ted and 9 would say. In the apartment parking lot, I walked boldly into the elevator. Since I was going up and most of the residents going to work were coming down, I only ran into one other person. I sincerely regretted that more people had not seen me in my new-found boldness with displaying my body.
When I got home, I didn't shower since I decided I would rather have 9 wash me clean tonight. I turned on my coffee maker, popped a K-cup in, and when it finished brewing I took the cup out onto the balcony.
I was there a few minutes when I heard a voice shouting at me, "Ahoy there. Naked woman on the 17th floor."
I looked up. It was Ted sitting on his balcony. Well, he wasn't sitting there. He was looking through his telescope at me. I laughed, "Would you like to join me?"
"I'm fixing breakfast. Why don't you join Jennifer and me. Oh, and would you mind wearing your collar?"
I had taken off my necklace last night but put it back on, and nothing else, and took the stairs up to their apartment. Ted was casually attired and Jennifer had on shorts and a sports shirt. "The invitation was come as you are, wasn't it?" I asked as I came in.
We made a few comments about last night as Ted brought breakfast to the table. I took the first bite. "Delicious. Last night was such an epiphany for me. This was the first time that I had ever pushed the limits of basking in the innocent natural state of nudity that seems to come so naturally for 9. . . .and also apparently you two." I paused but decided to continue. "I have really had a very, very rough emotional week." I told them of the background of how 9 had to trade sexual favors in order to get yesterday evening off. I told them about how I had accused her of prostituting herself.
Jennifer interjected, "Oh, my. That is a rather harsh accusation. And you two are still together?" We all gave out a nervous chuckle.
"I've done a lot of introspection, and I've come to the realization that I've just got to accept 9 for what she is. She's a mailgirl who has to display her body at work and lives on the edge of sexual paroxysm. Fulfillment for her comes through physical activity with her co-workers. And, fortunately for me, that edginess spills over into her relationship with me so I can enjoy it. But there's a difference. There's an emotional attachment with me that is absent from all the other encounters. As soon as I accepted that, things fell into place."
I paused and took a few bites of my food. "Ted, Jennifer, I'm going to have an extremely difficult time Monday night, Tuesday night, Wednesday night, knowing that she is paying the debt she incurred to be with me last night. But once she pays the debt, I think I can exorcise my rage, my feeling of, frankly, betrayal. And we can get back on the right path."
Jennifer leaned over and put her arms around me. "Dear, you call us if there is anything we can do."
"Thank you, I may have to."
I went back to my apartment after breakfast and a couple more Bloody Mary's. I didn't want to shower before I picked 9 up, so I couldn't go the the grocery store. I took two steaks out of the freezer for supper. I had some baked potatoes on hand with sour cream and chives and I had some Brussels Sprouts in my vegetable bin. I had an inexpensive bottle of Merlot.
My manic mood must have kicked in, I cleaned the apartment from top to bottom. I was climbing the walls until I had to leave at 8:00 for the warehouse.
I HAVE MY FIRST MAILGIRL SHOWER
When I got there, all the girls went crazy about my feathers. I explained about the costume, the party and why I had not washed them off yet. "I want 9 to wash them off me when we get to the apartment."
4, the attractive black girl, and 13, one of the new girls who had moved into the warehouse, squealed, "Oh, please, let us wash you."
I realized this was going to be the next step for the new exhibitionist Monica. Would I actually allow two -- 3, I assumed, I would insist that 9 join in -- mailgirls to give me my first public shower. 9 was putting on one of her simple cotton dresses. "Don't put that dress on yet; you and 4 and 13 are going to clean me off. Remember that there was an open shower area to one side of the warehouse. I was still naked and stepped into the shower. 13 had already been naked and 4 had on her thong which she removed. The four of us got into the shower. 13 soaped me up and 4 made sure all the paint was scrubbed off. 9 made sure my pussy, and my asshole were ready for further action later tonight. I had my first public orgasm.
We all dried each other off. I thanked 4 and 13 and told 9 to put on her dress. She would change outfits at the apartment if we went out. It suddenly dawned on me, I hadn't brought anything to wear, but now I didn't have the protection of the painted feathers. I led 9 out to the car.
We walked from my parking space to the elevator, got in and went up to the 17th floor rather uneventfully. I thought how strange that our relationship has progressed that now I am the one walking around naked and I'm following a clothed 9 around, albeit she is only wearing a flimsy plain cotton dress without bra or underwear.
We went in and 9 disrobed, we embraced. I didn't put on anything to wear. "I've got a couple of steaks for us for supper. Let me put them under the broiler." We sat at the dining room table and were enjoying the meal.
"Monica, I've got something to tell you." Uh, oh. What could this be. "This morning there was a memo posted in the fishbowl. It was a printout of a blast email that was sent to everyone in the main building. Those bastards. They don't give us use of a computer so we can read our own email; we have to suffer the humiliation of having a printout posted in the fishbowl. Not even an individual copy for each of us."
"What did it say?"
"'Because of a marked increase in tardiness in mailgirls reporting for their first run of the morning, we need to shorten the time spend in the shower. We observed longer and longer time was being spent on shampooing and putting up hair. Therefore, beginning Monday at the evening shower we will be shearing each mailgirl. We will shear them two per day in numerical order until all 14 are shorn. Thereafter, each of them will be shorn every 3 week.' Those pricks, or maybe I should say cunts since it was signed by Rose Anderson, Supervisor of Mailgirl operations. She referred to us as 'them', she didn't even address the memo to us and say 'you'. Monica, this is bullshit. I asked every one of the girls. None of them has gotten a demerit for being late to their first assignment of the day in the last month. Did you hear me, in the past month!"
"You're all going to be bald?"
"No, it's not quite that bad. She had a photograph attached showing the "style". The hair looked like it was cut to about 1/2 in. so that it lay flat on the head. I hate to admit it, but it did look kinda attractive, a little Anne Hathaway thing going, but more so. I mean Les Miserables Anne Hathaway."
"Wait a minute, two weeks ago you were thinking about voluntarily shaving your head bald as a show of solidarity with 6." I pointed out to 9 the inconsistency. "Now the company has made the decision for you, and you're upset?"
"That's the point. Don't you get it? It's like the whole nudity thing. If it is forced on us it is humiliating and degrading, but if it's done voluntarily, it's liberating and emancipating." 9 was becoming more and more agitated. She stood up and started pacing about.
"Calm down, 9. I love running my fingers through you soft hair. But the more I think about it, the more I'm going to love running my hand over your silky bald head."
That didn't calm her down. "My day for being shorn," she spit out the word to emphasize they were being treated like sheep, "is Friday. Will you come to the fishbowl to be with me?"
"Of course, but won't we be on separate sides of the mirror?"
"Yes, but I just want to know that you are there supporting me."
I wondered to myself, but did not say aloud, I wonder if Rose will be there Wednesday to "support" 5? "Since when is Rose Anderson supervisor of mailgirl operations?"
"Oh, I think she really has always been. Joyce Parker set up the program, she hired us all and got us started. But she couldn't be bothered by the tedious task of dispatching us and disciplining us. So she delegated that to Rose. But I think something else is going on. I don't know what it is, but we all have a sense that something is up."
"Well, finish your meal, have some more Merlot. I thought we'd just stay here this evening and make love. It is getting late and I thought you may be ready to crash as your uppers wear off."
"Yes, you're so thoughtful." She leaned over and kissed me passionately.
We finished up and I cleaned up. 9 was still agitated but she appeared to be calming down. I suggested, "Come out her to the balcony with me." I led her by the hand. We were both still naked. "Here, sit on my lap. Let me comfort you, baby."
"Monica, I'm 3 inches taller than you and I'm sure I'm at least 10 pounds heavier than you."
"You're not fat," I corrected her.
"No, no. I know I'm not fat. It's just that I've got a lot more heavier muscle mass due to all the running around all day. Muscle is one of the densest parts of your body."
"Well, you sit down and you can hold me in your lap."
She acceded and I sat myself in her lap. We started kissing and her hands soon found their way to my breast and she started massaging them and rolling my nipple around in her fingers. I took this as a signal I needed to suckle her breast which I did. We continued that way for awhile and soon we were each in such a pleasurable state that we fell asleep. It wasn't the most comfortable position I have ever slept in, but is did afford me, and I assume 9, a womb like sense of peace.
UP AND AT 'EM
Around dawn, we both kind of awakened each other. I joked, "I've got to poop. Who gets to go to the bathroom first?"
She said, "You seem to be more urgent than me. I'll let you go first."
I got up to go first and she followed me into the bedroom where she lay down on the bed. She seemed to be studying me, so I left the door open. I finished my business and we traded places. She joined me in bed. I smiled and said, "We were so wasted after the party and we fell asleep so quickly last night, we still haven't made love." She quickly started remedying that situation. I reciprocated.
We napped some more, then mid morning I announced that I needed to do some shopping. "I want to prepare a rack of lamb for tonight."
"Oh, I get it. Before the lamb is led to the shearing shed."
"Oh, no. How insensitive of me. I didn't even think of that."
"Actually, I think it's fitting. Besides I love lamb. I'm sure you'll prepare a great meal."
We dressed, and I said, "Let's go get the groceries last. Some of the items shouldn't be off refrigeration too long. I want to buy a new dress I saw."
We went to a dress store where they had a dress I saw that I just had to have. We went it and I was drawn to it like a magnet. There it was, it was made of an off-white linen. It appeared to have been cut from 1 solid piece of cloth that started out about 10 feet long and about 18 inches wide. Raglan sleeves had been sew in to help hold it up but otherwise the head and arms were inserted into the collar and of course the arms out the sleeves. But the dress hung on the body like a fashionable sandwich board. The dress was completely open on the sides giving it the effect of a giant body length loin cloth/sandwich board.
I tried it on and 9 squealed with delight. "Please, let's go somewhere where you can wear it tonight. Will you let me wear it sometime?"
"I don't think it'll be too tight on you." I bought 9 another clubbing dress. It was a platinum colored micro sequins plunge mini dress. "We are ready to paaaaarrrrty!"
We stopped into a liquor store. I replenished my gin supply with bitter lemon mixer. "9, are you still alright with Dos Equis?" We bought a case. I reached for a quart bottle of Jim Bean. I turned to 9 and said, "Meet Jim Beam. He's going to be my date Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday night while you are out with 7." It was the only mention of the source of our blow up from last weekend. I hope it was said with enough of a touch of humor that I wouldn't get into too much trouble. The remark appeared to roll off her back.
We went to the grocery story where I purchased all the ingredients for our meal tonight, rack of lamb, fingerling potatoes to be prepared with garlic and parmesan, and green beans to be prepared braised Greek style. I bought 2 bottles of cabernet sauvignon.
The meal was delicious, if I say so myself. We donned our new dresses and headed to the Blush & Blu. Neither of us had a bra or underpants on. Liz greeted us, "Wow, I should ban you two. You're going to give the rest of our clientele a definite inferiority complex. You look. . . .marvelous."
I retorted, "Just invest in a dress shop and reap the profits."
I couldn't wait to get 9 on the dance floor. As soon as they played a slow sensuous song I pulled her to me and we started dancing. I was able to reach my hand under the hem of her dress and I caressed her buttocks. Her hem fell over my hand and wrist, but it didn't completely cover her ass. I whispered in her ear, "You should have no problem caressing my ass." She inserted each of her hands into the side slits of my dress and squeezed my butt cheeks the entire rest of the dance.
At the end of the evening we went home and made passionate love. Sunday morning we went onto the balcony. We were naked, and I hoped to see Ted if not him and Jennifer. Sure enough, after about 15 minutes he came out accompanied by Lisa Crawford. Lisa's hair was shoulder length, confirming what should have been obvious Thursday night that she was wearing a very fine wig. Ted shouted down to us, "Have you had breakfast yet?" I told him no. "Will you please join us?"
I countered, "Counter proposal, how about brunch at Dazzle?"
"Marvelous. Shall we all walk over there?"
"Give 9 and me 15 minutes to get dressed."
He gave out an exasperated, "Rats!"
I finished my thought, "Give us a knock on our door." I asked 9, do you think we would be overdressed if we wore our new dresses?"
"Yes, but what better reason is there to do it." We put our outfits back on.
Sure enough, Ted, Jennifer and Lisa showed up. They all commented on our dresses and said that they absolutely adored each of them. We walked to Dazzle where 9 and I turned several head, both on the street and in the restaurant.
No explanation was offered as to why Lisa happened to be at their apartment early on a Sunday morning, but none was needed. We dined and we chatted. 9 told them about the latest edict about the shearing. The psychiatrist in Lisa came out as she inquired, "How does that make your feel?"
"You know, the end result doesn't bother me. I don't feel dehumanized and humiliated. In fact, Monica and I had discussed my shaving my head completely a couple of weeks ago. I don't mind that the decision was taken out of my hands. Monica says it will make me look sexy," She smiled, took my hand and squeezed it. We kissed just short of the point of impropriety in a public place during brunch. "But I don't like the dehumanizing aspect of how we were told." She then rehashed when she had told me Friday night.
I announced, "They are going to do it Friday night. I'm going to be there."
Ted encouraged us, "It's nice of you to be there to support her." I stopped short and thought to myself, is my motivation to be there for support, or is it to see her further objectified and transformed into a sexual commodity. I should have been bothered by that thought. . . .but I wasn't!
We finished our meal and the conversation. We relived Thursday night.
I asked, out of genuine interest not in a prying manner, "So, do you three get together often?"
Ted because nervous. He glanced at Jennifer and Lisa. He asked them, "Do you think it's time we tell them?"
"Tell us what?" 9 and I were both thinking, but she said it. There were nods of assent from the two ladies.
Ted continued. "We told you we met Lisa in a professional capacity about 10 years ago. She was an absolute miracle worker and a godsend. She saved our relationship which was headed for the rocks at the time. Her insights are. . . .priceless. What more can I say? After our professional relationship ended, we explored the possibility of continuing the personal relationship we had developed. Lisa said she wasn't prohibited from doing so by any code of ethics since she was not seeing us professionally, but just to be sure she sought an opinion from the board of ethics who gave us their blessings."
Ted paused, but continued, "I was beginning to show the signs of what is euphemistically referred to as erectile dysfunction."
Jennifer jumped in, "He was as limp as a damp washcloth."
"Yes," Ted retorted. "I guess you could say that, but I rather wish you wouldn't." He chuckled to show he actually appreciated her comment. "Jennifer is a woman of tremendous sexual appetite." 9 and I glanced at each other. We really hadn't seen that in her, but obviously there had been some attraction beyond the intellectual. Ted continued, "The little blue pills aren't the miracle drug they are marketed as. Either that, or they had met their match in me."
"Lisa and Jennifer were not entirely strangers to what I have referred to previously as the art of sapphic pleasure, although neither of them had developed that interest to the high level that you two obviously have. Well, the rest, as they say, is history." Lisa reached over and grabbed first Jennifer's hand and then Ted's. All three smiled the most mischievous smile.
I was the first to respond. "Ted, you are even more of a saint than I first imagined. Jennifer, what a find. Hang onto this man."
Jennifer smiled, "Well, I'm going to have to find some other body part than his prick to hang onto."
Ted jumped in again, "Now lest you think that my days of performing stud service are completely over and that I should be shipped off to the glue factory, I told you that Lisa is a minor miracle worker."
The light bulb went on. 9 jumped in, "You mean she was able to put the lead back into your pencil? You three are a manage-a-trois?"
"Well, you've got to give Jennifer and Lisa some of the credit. I couldn't have done it without them."
The rest of the meal was enjoyed in somewhat of a lighter mood. For example, 9 came back from the buffet line and announced, "Hey, Ted, they've just put out some oysters."
He put it right back on her, "Well, I had half a dozen last night. But alas, only 4 of them worked." All 5 of us laughed uproariously.
We finished our meal and returned to our respective apartments. 9 and I made love several times during the rest of the afternoon, then it was time for us to retire. I had promised 9 she could stay here tonight and I would take her to work in the morning. I set my alarm for 5:00.
"9, let's make a few plans for the upcoming week. I know you're going to be busy for the next 3 nights." I started to tear up. "I'm sorry, I though I could stay in control." I started talking loudly to myself, but loud enough for 9 to hear me since it was in the nature of a dramatic monologue. "Pull your self together, Monica. This is purely a business transaction. It is not a sign of disloyalty or betrayal or any lack of affection for you by 9. Ahum."
"What was I saying? I know you are going to be busy. . . several, ahum, nights. Can we get together Thursday evening?" She nodded yes.
"I think we will both need that."
"Is the Loading Dock alright? I can meet you there at 8:15. Friday night," I again paused as I tried to catch my composure, "Friday I will be at the fishbowl. Would it be too uncomfortable for you just to come into the viewing area when the, uh, . . .when the show is over?"
"You mean when the shearing is over? Please don't fish for euphemisms. You're making it worse than it actually is. I'm going to be shorn like a piece of livestock. There's no way of sugarcoating it. Franking, after talking about it all weekend, I think I'm alright with the whole process."
I picked up on her attitude. "Yes, when you have the Dwayne Johnson look."
"Please, maybe Sinéad O'Connor."
She continued, "Yes, I'll come to the viewing area. Should I come out with what I wore to work Friday morning, or can you bring me something else to wear? Wait a minute, I want to walk out of that forced labor camp with my head held high -- as bald as it may be -- and my body, of which I am very proud, displaced to the fullest extent possible."
"Does that me you want me to bring you directly back to the apartment?"
"Whatever you want to do. Bring me an appropriate change of clothing, or not. As you see fit."
"9, for what I'm about to say, please fully engage the left side of your brain. It will make no sense logically. It is completely antithetical to my customary right brain way of thinking. But I've been thinking a lot about it this past week and I think I have had an epiphany. That Tuesday morning after our 1st weekend together, when I want to see "the show", at first you were mad at me for, I think you said 'invading your privacy'. Then you began to accept it. Eventually, you invited me to attend the show. Even now, you are looking forward, I assume, to me seeing your humiliation taken to a new level as you are herded in to be shorn of your mane that both of us are so fond of." I deliberately chose the vocabulary work associated with livestock."
"That Tuesday morning 8 soaped you up, and finger fucked you. You got off. You really seemed to enjoy it. You didn't reciprocate her, uh, favor. But I would have to be a fool to assume you never have. Or at that point never had. Wednesday, 8 days later, it was right after we had met at the Loading Dock and you told me about 6's psychotic break and your, uh, mental health evaluation. I went back to the fishbowl. You had requested that I be there. You went down on 7. As for as I knew, this was the first woman, beside me, you had ever pleasured. But I'm not so sure. But, 9 dear, it doesn't matter. 9," I looked her square in the eyes, "I found myself, not outraged nor jealous, but aroused by witching you. . . .both of you."
She looked perplexed. "But why did you become apoplectic when I told you I was going to sleep with 7, or all people, just to be off on Halloween?"
"I have to go back to what you have told me several times. If you are having sex with someone at work, it is a part of your job. Not only do I accept it, I revel in it and get off on it! Does that make me a bad person?"
"I'm having trouble processing your though process, but I kinda get it. . .I think."
"But when you volunteered to have sex with 7, that's where I felt the betrayal. It wasn't you job. It was you and a free choice you made regarding your own sexual activity."
"But it was work related. I needed to get off from having to work on the 42 floor Thursday night."
"No, no, it was maybe peripherally work related, at best. But, no, it wasn't. It was a voluntary act of your own volition. That's where the . . . ." she could see I was struggling looking for the right word.
"Betrayal? Disloyalty?"
"No, no, no. Those are harsh, ugly words. They are too loaded. Please, I'm trying not to refight the same battle from last Sunday night. Please help me." I broke down in tears.
She wrapped me in her arms. I still don't understand, but I guess I accept what you are saying. Please tell me we are back on track."
"Just one more thing, 9. Can't you see that I am becoming you?"
"What?"
"I'm becoming you. The carefree woman not just comfortable in her body and actively attempting to be liberate from the confinement of my clothes. I'm a sexual being who revels in my unorthodox sexual relationship, not just with a woman, but a mailgirl, for heaven's sake. I was so aroused by the shower you and 4 and 13 gave me Friday evening, not just by the physical act but it was in the mailgirl territory.
I want to grope your ass in public. I want you to grope mine. I want people to see me as scantily attired in public as decency will allow. I'm rid of the confinement of the brassier; I'm through with the prison of the undergarment. I want Ted to spy on us with his telescope. Heck, I want to send him an invitation. I want my body to be on display. I want, I, uh, want, uh, the whole world to see us making love."
She kissed me lovingly. "Do you want to make love on the balcony now?"
"No, that can come later. Right now I'm just enjoying unburdening myself for the confinement of these thoughts about us and where we are and where we are going." I took one of her nipples in my mouth. I recoiled, not in horror but surprise. "Are you lactating?"
"I think I am, just a little. I think they may by experimenting with our hormones in our gruel."
"Good grief, now they are turning you into lab rats. Will it never end?"
She calmed me down, I continued to suckled at her lactating breast. It certainly wasn't a strong stream, but it was unmistakable. We fell asleep in each other's arms.
I NEED TO CHECK MY EMAIL MORE OFTEN
I got up at 5:00 and got ready to go to work. 9 only needed 10 minutes and we easily left by 6:10 which would get us to the Seahawk building in time for 9 to make it to the fishbowl. I pulled into the parking lot and 9 asked, "You don't want to just drop me off?"
"No, silly. I'm going to go get some coffee, an everything bagel with lox and cream cheese and get ready to head to my office."
9 had on jeans and a tank top. We walked into the lobby together. At 6:25, the lobby was empty except for two guards at the security desk including a new female guard I had never seen before. Ignoring them, 9 got me into a lip lock. But she also ignored the security camera which captured our embrace. I walked toward the coffee shop, but as soon as 9 got into the elevator, I headed back to the bank of elevators. I waited to make sure I wouldn't run into 9 upstairs. I was the first one into the fishbowl viewing area. Soon the usual crowd started drifting in and the girls emerged onto the floor.
9 came in and started soaping herself up. She washed herself all over. She also cleaned out her asshole. I guess I had taught her to pay attention to that area even though I wouldn't be invading it for at least 4 days. She started masturbating. One joined her just as she was about to climax. One ran her hands over her and 9 gently moved them to her crotch. One finished her off. I made sure to leave before she left for her 1st delivery. I didn't want to run into her.
I finally went to the coffee shop and ordered my coffee and bagel. I took it to one of the tables in the lobby area. What happened next shook me up completely. I looked to the left and I saw Olivia rushing over to me. "Can I join you?" What could I do but indicate my assent. "Let me get some coffee and some banana nut bread."
She came back and sat down. "We've got a lot of catching up to do. A lot has been going on around here."
"9 told me about the hair thing."
"You really need to read your email everyday."
"I wasn't here Friday."
"Oh, I see why you're in the dark. How about drinks after work. It's much too much to get into over coffee."
As much as I didn't relish spending any time with Olivia, I knew I had to meet with her to find out what was happening.
"Fine, 6:00, alright? At the Brew House?"
She fired back, "I thought the Loading Dock was your favorite after-work watering hole."
How did she know that. "No, I like the Brew House a lot better." I refused to violate 9's and my place by sullying it with my presence with Olivia.
Olivia retorted, "Alright, but I'm going to be busy until after 8. How about 8:30?"
"I can find some work to do to kill a couple of hours."
"Why don't we meet in the fishbowl at 7:55 to start the date. I'm really anxious to see 1 and 2 have their heads shaved."
"First, it's not a date. Secondly, I've never seen you in the fishbowl."
"I'm going to have to start spending more time there as a part of my new job. Oh, my, did I let that little tidbit out? I shouldn't have said that. But don't worry I'll fill you in tonight. I really must run. I don't want to be late my first day in my new job. See you tonight; I'm looking forward to it." And then to further aggravate me, she kissed me. It was a not-inappropriate kiss between co-workers in the work place.
As she left, in the other direction across the lobby, I saw 4 emerge from the elevator with a couriers pouch slung over her shoulder. She had a dog collar around her neck.
The security guard attached a leash to the collar around her neck. First of all, she came out of an elevator. Secondly, I have never seen any of the mailgirls with dog collars. Thirdly, the security guard led her out of the building guiding her with her hand which was placed on 4's ass.
I asked myself, "What is going on around here? Have I been transported to the Twilight Zone?"
TO BE CONTINUED