It was finally Friday and time to go home after a pretty exciting but busy week at work. I just closed a big deal and I was looking forward to celebrating with a cold beer, a nice steak and a long soak in the Jacuzzi. I was also looking forward to the surprise that my wife, Tabby hinted at in a text earlier in the afternoon. She made it cryptic enough for me to think that she had something sexy planned for the evening but then again, after 10 years of marriage, I knew enough not to get my hopes up because it could also mean that she was making my favorite desert or something equally non-sexy.
Our love-life, and by love-life I mean sex-life, was regular enough but it had become a little mundane and we had slipped into the regular thing, on the regular night routine. We both felt it and had talked about ways to "spice things up" but we only recently got into discussing some of our fantasies. I know I am a bit timid in sharing some of my kinkier thoughts with her and I had the feeling that she was feeling the same. After 10 years you would think we could talk about that kind of thing openly but we were just at the point where we were taking baby steps.
When I first met my wife, I was at a bar when I spotted this gorgeous woman with the most beautiful eyes I had ever seen, surrounded by 5 Naval officers, future naval aviators, with at least 5 Kamikaze shots lined up on the bar behind her. She was wearing a green wrap-around dress that was short enough to show off a good amount of her very long legs and was gaping open enough on top to show a significant amount of her ample cleavage with more than just a hint of her bra. I'm not sure how many shots she had already taken but I could tell that she was feeling no pain and she was teasing these boys unmercifully. Of course they were egging her on to drink more with the hopes of her showing or doing more.
I happened to be the officer in charge of this group of hounds and decided to stand back and watch them work. I noticed one of the boys lean up and whisper something in her ear and she pointed a finger at him and I clearly heard her say "You are a bad boy!" and then reach down and pull the hem of her dress up her left thigh exposing the top of her cream colored stocking and about an inch of creamy white thigh. She held a finger up to her lips to shush the boys when they started to whistle before bursting out in laughter. With that, she downed another shot and wiped a drop from the side of her soft pink lips.
At that point I decided it might be time to intervene and save this damsel who didn't seem to be in any sort of distress other than maybe a flourishing desire to show a little too much to these young men dedicated to defending our country.
Having been highly focused on their target of opportunity, none of the men had seen me enter the bar or watch them from the short distance away. But, when I walked up and stood next to them, two of them almost hurt themselves, nearly drawing to attention while the other three looked up, eyes wide like they had just been caught with their hands in the cookie jar. The not-in-distress damsel looked up and right into my eyes and smiled the prettiest smile I had ever seen.
Eying the pack of dogs surrounding her, I asked the lady if these young men were giving her any trouble. Without skipping a beat, she pointed at three of them and said, "These three seem very interested in seeing my boobs and those two are very curious about what color my panties are." Gritting my teeth and visibly showing signs that I was agitated I looked at the group and then back to the young lady. I told her that I was very sorry for their behavior but, I could certainly understand why they would want to see her breasts since they appeared to be large, full and pretty awesome and, my guess was that her panties were most likely cream colored to match her bra and stockings, if indeed she was wearing any panties at all.
It took a moment for the guys to register what I had just said before they burst into laughter right along with the young lady who then took two of the shots, handed me one and toasted me with the other before draining it in one swallow. With that, she excused herself to go to the lady's room but turned to the group and said "Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back." She wiggled her ass a bit just to make sure we were watching as she sashayed off.
She was gone just a few minutes before she returned and rejoined our little group. One of the guys tried to hand her another drink but she refused saying "You boys just want me drunk, not unconscious right?" to which we all agreed. That was when she made a show of removing something from her purse and leaned toward me. She turned her head toward two of the guys as she held out her hand toward me and with a look of disappointment she said "Pink and purple were your guesses? A real man knows that when a lady is looking to get lucky she always wears matching bra and panties." And with that, she let her tiny little cream colored lace thong unravel from her clenched fingers, reached inside my jacket, and stuffed it into my inside breast pocket.
She reached up and kissed my cheek and then whispered in my ear, "How did you know what color my bra was Lieutenant?".
I leaned down, kissed her neck and whispered, "I have x-ray vison." She laughed again, snorted actually, and then turned to the three that had been trying to get her to show her boobs and then at me saying that she thinks "The good Lieutenant here", pointing at me, "has also been checking out my boobs." I unashamedly admitted that I had - "Since the moment I saw you." Again, everyone laughed.
We all talked and drank and laughed and flirted for another hour before the bar tender called last call. The night had gone by quickly and nobody in our group was ready to leave. Finally, one of the guys that had the most to drink started to plead with her to at least let them see one boob before they had to leave. She stuck out her bottom lip and said "OK, but you have to wait a minute. With that, she reached inside her dress and pushed the strap of her bra off her should and down her arm and then pulled her arm through. She repeated the process on the other side before reaching behind her back on the outside of her dress and unsnapped her bra with practiced precision. She reached inside her dress and pulled out her very sexy cream colored lace bra and handed it to me.
She made sure she was facing away from the bar and asked me to stand behind her. She was completely surrounded by her little group when she kissed her fingertips and then brushed her hand across the faces of all 5 guys and then said to me, "Don't worry, you are going to get to see a lot more of me later." With that she reached down, undid the belt that held her wrap dress in place and pulled open her dress completely exposing her to the 5 guys who just stood there with their mouths open.
Looking down from behind her, I could see her firm, full tits with her pink nipples standing at attention. I couldn't see much below that because her tits almost totally blocked the view but I could see one leg that was bent forward that showed she was wearing thigh high stockings with no garter belt so I had to assume that what the rest of the guys were seeing was her totally naked. I'm sure this was the first time all night that these guys were totally speechless.
She took her time and made sure each of them got a good look before she closed up her dress and re-tied her belt. The entire time her dress was open she was pushing her ass against my crotch where I was sure she could feel that I had a raging hard-on. She then leaned into each, gave them a hug and a kiss on the cheek before telling them to go home because she needed to take care of the Lieutenant. From there it was a blur until we were married 8 months later.
The next few years were kind of wild and fun but now, 10 years later, that wild and crazy exhibitionist that I fell in love with rarely appeared, and work, and kids, and life, drained much of the spontaneity from our marriage. I think we both let it slip by though because I was still madly in love with her and felt secure that she still loved me. Now on Friday night with our kids at their grandparent's for 2 weeks, I planned to spend as much time as possible with my beautiful wife and do whatever I could to bring a little spice back into our marriage. I had no idea how quickly that would happen.
I left work a little early as did about 50,000 other people so my commute home was slow and painful but as I pulled into my garage, I could already feel myself begin to relax. Walking into the house everything seemed quiet. As I approached the kitchen, I could hear music coming from the back yard and following the sound, I found my wife and the surprise.
OK, it wasn't what I was hoping for but it was still a good surprise. Two of my best friends from high-school were in town visiting and they had stopped by at my wife's invitation. They had evidently called the house earlier in the week and talked to my wife. She knew that I would be excited and surprised me by inviting them over for burgers and beer.
Nate and Sam played football in high school with me and we were best pals. When all three of us had taken off to different universities and then me to the Navy, we lost touch for a few years. About 5 years ago, right after I got out of the Navy, Sam had called and set up a reunion. It had been almost 9 years since I had seen them but it only took about 30 minutes before it seemed just like old times. We spent a few days golfing, drinking and playing cards. Sam was still single and planned on staying that way and Nate had gone through a rough divorce about a year after our reunion but we all stayed in touch and had a great time on the occasions when we did get together.
This was an unplanned trip though, and evidently they ran into each other at a bar in our hometown and decided to make the 3-hour trip to see me. Tabby was all smiles having kept her secret and she knew that I would be excited to see them. She seemed radiant, wearing a pair of white short shorts and a halter top that was cut low on the top and had two ends that tied loosely at the bottom. Even after ten years of marriage and two kids, she still looked great. At 5' 8" tall with shoulder length brown hair, long, muscular legs and her 36 DD full and firm boobs, she was a major MILF.
The guys seemed to be holding up well too. Both seemed to be in shape although none of us were quite as thin as we were in high school. Nate seemed unusually tanned for an IT guy and Sam's skin was always a deep tanned color from working outside as a construction manager. They both had beers in their hands and as happy as they were to be seeing me, I caught them both checking out my wife's ass when she came over and hugged me. I have seen her wear those shorts before and knew they were probably seeing a good amount of nice firm ass cheek when she stretched up for the hug.
I started to catch up with the beers while Tabby had at least 3 big glasses of chardonnay over the next hour. We cooked burgers, talked and drank until after 9:00 when I suggested we all hop in the Jacuzzi. Sam looked at Nate and asked if he had his bathing suit with him and he shook his head no. I suggested they could each borrow one of mine or just hop in wearing their boxers. They both looked at Tabby and Nate asked if she was okay with that and she laughed and said that of course they could. She also added that she had seen men in their underwear before and if their drawers looked anything like the rags that I wear, it wasn't going to be anything to get excited about. We all laughed at that.
Tabby said she was going to go get her bathing suit on and I suggested she wear the white one that she bought for our trip to the Cayman Islands. That particular bikini was white and barely covered her big boobs and the bottom was cut really low in the front and although it wasn't a thong, I recalled that it tended to cover less than half her cute little ass cheeks, and on a number of occasions rode up into the crack of her ass almost making it a thong. She seemed to think about it for a second and then with a sly smile, said "Okay, I'll wear that one if it's your favorite." I assured her it was and she nearly skipped into the house to change.
She seemed to be gone quite a while and the guys and I drank another beer while waiting for her. When she finally came out, she explained that she had forgotten how small her bikini was and she needed to make sure that everything was cleaned up before she could wear it. I knew that she was completely shaved down there so she must have been making sure there was no stubble anywhere. She noticed as she walked toward us that we were all on empty with our beers and she quickly turned and went over to the cooler.
Just like I remembered, her bikini bottom only covered about half her cheeks and when she bent down to get the beers out of the cooler, I saw her suit slide further into the luscious crack of her ass showing even more. I'm sure I wasn't the only one that noticed.
Pouring herself another large glass of wine, she carefully carried the four beers and her wine back to the Jacuzzi. When she bent down to hand us the beer, I thought her boobs were going to fall right out of the tiny bikini top. The string that tied around her neck had to be pretty damn strong to hold those big tits in those tiny little triangles.
As she slid in next to me, we all just relaxed and enjoyed talking. The water temperature was set at 102 degrees and we all pushed ourselves out of the water occasionally, just above the waist or sometimes sitting on the side to cool down once in a while. When Tabby sat up and began to push herself out of the water to cool down, I remembered the other thing I liked about that bikini. When it got wet is was virtually transparent. When dry, you could almost see the outline of her nipples but when it got wet, it was completely see-through. I could see it from the side but the guys sitting across from us were getting a full view of my wife's big tits and dark pink nipples. I also noticed they were hard as little pebbles and standing at attention. It could have been the cool night air or it could have been that she knew exactly what she was doing and liked it.
Ever since that first night when I met her, Tabby's exhibitionist actions have always excited me and most always result in great sex afterward. She is a beautiful and sexy woman and I like showing her off and she likes to show off.
I remember one time when we were snorkeling in Jamaica she nearly gave an older man a heart attack. Almost as soon as Tabby jumped into the water, she took her top off. She loves to swim naked and as she headed away from the boat no one really noticed. On the way back to the boat it was a different story. Tabby was swimming back toward the boat and I was right behind her. One of the older men on the snorkeling trip had stayed pretty close to the boat and while he was floating, looking toward the bottom, Tabby swam past him, within an arms-length, and it startled him. When he looked up, he saw her huge, naked boobs swim right past his face.
I know Tabby didn't see the look on his face but since I was behind her, I could see his eyes get huge and then as he sunk below the water, attempt to take a breath and get a snorkel full of water, causing him to come up to the surface sputtering and coughing.
Tabby put her top back on before getting back onto the boat but it didn't deter the older gentleman from taking a seat where he had a good view of my wife for the trip back. He even tried to chat her up as we were making our way back to the resort.
I noticed that Sam and Nate were both paying close attention to Tabby as she talked about something that I had lost track of since I was staring at her boobs and daydreaming about other things that happened on that Jamaica trip. I also noticed that Sam had nervously slid back into the water after only a minute and wondered if it had anything to do with the growing bulge in his wet boxers.
Well into her 2nd bottle of Chardonnay, Tabby was feeling no pain and sitting in the warm Jacuzzi was probably making her feel the effects of the alcohol even more. She was regularly getting in and out of the water and sitting on the side. This last time, her top had slipped down when she got out of the water and her right nipple had popped out without her noticing. At least I didn't think she noticed and I didn't say anything.
The guys noticed though and they didn't say anything either. I think that since I was sitting next to her and it was the nipple on the opposite side from me that was showing, they probably weren't sure if I could see it or not.
The more alcohol Tabby has, the more animated she gets and she starts talking with her hands. As she told some story about one of her girlfriend's business trips and was moving her arms around wildly, I saw her top slip lower until almost her entire boob was exposed. At this point, it would have been hard for me not to see and when I saw Nate look over at me, eyes wide and then directed his gaze toward Tabby and then back to me, I just shrugged and shook my head.
Tabby has the most incredible tits I have ever seen. They are full and firm and although gravity would not allow her to pass the pencil test, her tits do a magnificent job of supporting themselves and they are a sight to behold. If you are a boob-man, they are what you dream of and her nipples are spectacular. Normally her areolas are nearly silver-dollar size and her nipples stick out about 1/2 of an inch but when she gets excited or cold, her areolas shrink up to the size of a quarter and her nipples stick out over 3/4 of an inch and can make a hell of a dent in even the heaviest of bras.
Tonight, getting out of the hot water has her nipples hard as steel and standing up proud. Finally, Tabby noticed they guys staring and she looked down to see that she was giving us all quite a show. I expected her to pull up her top quickly to cover herself but was surprised when she said, "Aw fuck, I can't keep these tits under control anymore," and she reached behind her and untied the back and then pulled her top up over her head leaving both of her amazing tits bare.
I think we were all a little stunned. First, for Tabby to say the words fuck and tits is very rare. She very rarely ever says fuck and she always calls them boobs. Second, for her to just take her top off was not completely out of character for her but to do it in front of my high-school friends was surprising. She typically has no issues with getting naked in front of total strangers that she will never see again but she is normally pretty reluctant to do it in front of people she knows and that she will have to see later when she isn't drunk.
None of us were complaining though and I realized that my bathing suit was significantly tighter from the hard-on I was getting. Knowing that she was showing my buddies her tits was pretty exciting. Maybe it was a bit of pride but I also was feeling like maybe this was a little bit of the spice that we were missing. One of the fantasies that I have been reluctant to tell Tabby about is seeing her have sex with another man. Specifically, I have a recurring fantasy of watching her suck another guy's cock while I am fucking her from behind and occasionally the other way around where she is sucking my cock while someone else is fucking her from behind.
I don't know how I would feel about that if it really happened but that was certainly in my thoughts as my two buddies stared at my wife's tits. I know, as Americans we are pretty prudish about topless women and even though Tabby and I, and I know that Nate and Sam too, have been to Europe and topless beaches in different countries, it is just different when we're at home. It was certainly different for me and pretty damn exciting.
Tabby stayed topless for the rest of the night, even when we all got dried off and went into the house for one last beer. I could tell that Tabby was enjoying herself and liked the looks she was getting from the guys but nothing else really happened until we went to bed.
The guys stayed at the house and slept in the kids' rooms and they probably heard us because Tabby was wild. We had incredible sex and she was not shy. At one point, I'm pretty sure the neighbors could have heard her cry out.
Afterwards, we were both exhausted from the alcohol, the sex and the late hour but neither of us were ready to fall asleep so I decided this might be a good time to talk. I asked her if she enjoyed showing her tits to my friends and she kind of gave me this look like I was stupid. I believe her words were, "Did we not just have the most amazing sex? Do you think that was just a fluke? Of course I liked it! It made me horny as hell."
Me being the analyst I just had to ask what it was about it that she liked. She started to look at me like she was angry but then I could tell that she was really thinking about it. She said, "I guess it was really nice to feel desirable. I Know that you feel that about me and I love you for it but it was nice to have the confirmation I guess, from other guys, that I am still desirable. It made me feel really sexy. I liked knowing that they were getting hard-ons from looking at me.
"Tell me the truth; did you know that your nipple was showing when you got up out of the water?"
"I didn't at first but when I saw them staring, I figured it out. You have to give me credit, it took me a long time to figure out how to get the whole thing down without making it obvious."
"You did that on purpose?"
"Yes," she admitted sheepishly.
"You little slut."
Then she hit me and we both laughed. She asked me how I felt about it and I told her the truth, that it was the most sexually exciting thing I have felt in quite a while. I liked it and wanted her to do more.
"What exactly do you mean, do more? Like show my boobs again or show even more? Or do you mean do more?"
I was completely honest. I told her I absolutely want her to show her boobs again and even more. I wouldn't mind if you did more either. At least I didn't think I would mind. I even told her about my fantasy of watcher her suck another guys cock while I was fucking her.
She looked like she was concerned about the last part. "You wouldn't be jealous?"
"I don't know for sure. I don' think I would be. I know you love me and it's just sex... I know it sounds odd but I would rather see you suck another man's cock or even fuck him than to see you kiss him. I would never want you to do that without me being there though. Not because I want to watch but because I don't think I could handle the jealousy aspect if you were doing it without my knowledge or behind my back. Have you ever thought about being with two or even three men?"
"What makes you think I haven't? Your little slut had a life before I met you, you know."
"Did you? Have sex with two guys... or more before?"
"No, but I did have sex with my roommate and her boyfriend once in college."
"Why didn't you ever tell me about this before? I want to hear all about it. I would definitely be all for having sex with you and another woman."
She hit me again. "Duh, why am I not surprised? If you are good I will tell you about it sometime but for now, I need some sleep. Now, stop poking me with that thing, I'm tired and going to sleep."
The next morning, I was the first one up and went downstairs to make some breakfast tacos for the guys and Tabby when they got up. The coffee tasted good after all that beer last night. I didn't have a hangover but I definitely needed a kick start.
Sam was the next one up followed by Nate. We sat and drank coffee and talked about who is doing what back home. Nate seemed to get a little serious right before he asked if I was OK with what happened last night. I jokingly asked if he meant the part about Tabby being topless or about the part where she tried to kill me with sex afterward.
We all laughed and they admitted they might have heard some noise coming from the general direction of our bedroom. I told them that Tabby has always had an exhibitionist streak and that I viewed her body like the Mona Lisa. It would be a tragedy if the Mona Lisa were kept in a private collection where only one person would ever see it. I view Tabby's body the same way. It would be a shame to keep her tits or her other part for that matter, hidden away where no one else would ever see them.
They both got a kick out of my analogy and were laughing when Nate said, "Here comes Mona Lisa now."
Tabby came bouncing into the kitchen and when I say bouncing I mean bouncing. She was wearing the tightest little white t-shirt I have ever seen. It was all but transparent, hugged her body like it was painted on, and came down just to the top of her belly-button and when she moved her boobs were dancing. Her nipples were at full attention and clearly visible through the thin material. She was also wearing bright red bikini bottoms, the bottom half of my second favorite bikini she owned. It covered about the same amount of skin as the one she wore last night but wasn't see-through like the white one. The stretchy material clung to every curve and fold and she looked sexy as hell.
It was obvious the guys liked it. They couldn't keep their eyes off of her and I couldn't either but Tabby was at least pretending she was oblivious to our stares.
"So, what are we going to do today?" Tabby asked.
Sam said, "Nate and I were thinking about heading back after lunch and..."
"Noooo, you guys need to stay," Tabby whined.
"We don't want to impose," Nate said.
"You're not imposing are they honey? We want you to stay til Sunday."
"No, you guys are welcome here any time and we're glad to have you. Unless you have something pressing that you have to get back for, you should stay."
Nate and Sam looked at each other, shrugged their shoulders and said okay.
"Great, then it's settled, you'll stay til Sunday." Tabby hugged each of them smashing her tits into their chests and kissed each on the cheek. Now that that's settled, I'm starving. Tabby grabbed one of the breakfast tacos and poured herself a cup of coffee and generally bounced around the kitchen while we all watched.
We all saw it, a little bit of the hot sauce she used slid out the back end of her taco and landed right on her right nipple. She looked down and got a sad look on her face and then ran to the sink and got the dish cloth, wet it, put some soap on it and proceeded to try to get the sauce out of her t-shirt. For the most part she was successful in getting the stain out but she also was left with a big wet spot on her t-shirt over her nipple that made it look like she was in a wet t-shirt contest.
Not only that but her nipple was poking out as hard as I have ever seen it and the wet material of her t-shirt formed a little transparent tent making it even harder to not look at it. Tabby brushed at it which only seemed to make it stand out even more.
Sam, being the more laid back between he and Nate surprisingly said, "Let me know if you need help with that."
We all looked at him and then Tabby, and cracked up laughing.
"Jeez, it's not like you guys haven't seen my tits before. Your eyes are probably sore this morning from staring at them last night," Tabby retorted, and we all started laughing again.
Nate chipped in, "It's not my eyes that are sore and need some rubbing."
"Alright you pervs, why don't you go golfing or something while I clean this up and when you get back I'll have a nice late lunch prepared for you.
"That's not a bad idea as long you are wearing what you're wearing now when we get back," Sam chirped.
"Ok, but I have a thong I was going to wear later to swim in but if you like this better, I can keep it on."
"You know what, on second thought, wear or don't wear whatever you like."
"I thought you might agree to that."
I called the club and got us a tee time, less than an hour away and we all quickly changed and headed to the course. The guys know to always bring their clubs so they were ready and we hit the course for the next four hours.
The biggest topic of discussion on the course was making sure that I was okay with them seeing Tabby like that. I told them a few stories about some of our other adventures and how Tabby sometimes went on business trips out of town with me and we would go dancing. I told them how I liked to watch her dance with other guys and how sometimes they would even try to feel her up. For me it's no harm no foul. Tabby likes the attention and a quick feel of her boob or a squeeze of her ass is really as far as it ever went.
Nate told us about his ex-wife. We heard some of it before but he was a little more open about how she pretty much stopped having sex right after they got married. In the two years before they got married, she was all over him and they had sex all the time. She used to give him blow-jobs in the car while they were driving and it was all pretty great, right up until they got married. Once he said, "I do," it pretty much stopped. The most they ever had sex after they got married was once every two weeks and she made it seem more like work than lovemaking. In the entire 3 years they were married, she never gave him another blow-job.
Since his divorce, he has hooked up with a few women but none that he ever found really interesting. He even tried on-line dating but found most of the women he met that way, kind of desperate and he admitted he felt that way himself. He had a fuck-buddy that he got together with about once a month but that was coming to an end soon as she was taking a new job in another state.
Sam bragged a little, saying that he was "getting more ass than a toilet seat," mostly from women that were his clients. There were lots of neglected women out there and his remodeling projects kept him pretty busy with lonely housewives just looking to fuck. There was nobody special in his life and he was fine with that. He did admit that some of the women were not the most attractive but fortunately for him, his dick doesn't seem to mind. That made us all laugh pretty hard.
Both guys agreed that I am the luckiest to have found Tabby. She is great and a lot of fun. They both really like her... and her boobs!
I didn't want to brag too much but I had to let them know that Tabby is a master at sucking cock. She is by far the best I have ever experienced and her philosophy is that she can always take 10 minutes out of her day to suck her hubby's cock.
That started a very detailed discussion on swallowing which Sam seemed to be the expert on, specifically, how to know if a girl will swallow or not. There seemed to be some pretty hokey science behind his theories. I let them both know that Tabby has no issues with swallowing.
After finishing our round, counting up our strokes and coming to grips with the fact that we all suck at golf, we had a quick beer in the bar where I got a text from Tabby. She asked if I was okay with her "taking it to the next level". When I asked her what the next level was, she just said that I would have to trust her.
I thought about it for a few minutes before I responded. I wasn't really sure what the next level was but based on the reaction in my pants, I decided I was willing to give it a try. Besides I trusted her and no matter what the next level was, I was confident in our relationship and, I was the one that wanted to spice things up. I couldn't really decide on how far I would be comfortable with but I wanted to give it a try. I texted her back, "I'm up for whatever you want to try."
When we got back to the house, I didn't see Tabby. I went to the garage to get beer out of the refrigerator and when I walked into the kitchen, Sam and Nate were standing there with their mouths open, staring out the French doors that lead to the patio.
Walking from the pool toward the kitchen was Tabby, topless and at first I thought bottomless too, but then I realized that she was wearing her tiniest little white lace thong, and a pair of wedge sandals.
When she came through the door we were all speechless and I'm sure staring, with our mouths open, and probably drooling.
"So, how was golf?" She asked, just like she would have if she had been wearing sweat pants and a sweat shirt.
Her perfect tits were swaying and even after the thousand times that I have seen them naked, they were still amazing to me. The guys were awestruck and speechless.
There were a few mumbles in response to her golf question, none of which made sense I'm sure, but Tabby just ignored our stupor and poured herself a glass of wine. When she turned away from me it was like she was wearing nothing at all. A tiny string around her waist and then another that quickly disappeared between the cheeks of her ass was all that showed until she bent over and I could see a tiny patch of white between her legs. I'm sure that view was not lost on the other guys either.
"Why don't you guys take a dip in the pool. I know it was hot out there and you could probably use a refreshing swim - and besides, you guys smell like a pack of dogs."
Sam and Nate reluctantly started toward the pool and I held back a moment.
"Is this what you meant by the next step?"
"Partially, but I think I want to do more. You just have to tell me if you are getting uncomfortable and I will stop. Just know that I love you and I will never do anything to hurt our relationship. I'm having fun and right now my panties are soaked so if it's okay with you, I would like to see where this goes."
"I love you!"
"I love you too. Just remember that because no matter what, that isn't going to change."
We walked out to the pool together. The guys had already stripped down to their boxers and jumped in the pool and I did the same. Tabby took her shoes off and dove in after me.
We swam for a while and then Tabby got out. Her lace thong might as well have been Saran wrap. It was completely transparent and I could clearly see the lips of her pussy as I swam up to the edge. She said she was going to get the steaks ready for the grill and that I should get out soon and start cooking.
We all got out of the pool a minute later and got dried off. Tabby brought out the steaks and I noticed her thong had dried a little but I could still see through it. Her nipples though were dark red and I wondered if she had been playing with them. She does that when she is excited and they turn a dark pink and get very pokey.
I think the guys were getting somewhat more comfortable with Tabby being topless as we ate our dinner. I noticed that Tabby had finished a bottle of chardonnay and had switched to vodka tonics. I know she gets a buzz from a bottle of wine and after two she is definitely drunk. I had a feeling the vodka was an extra measure of courage for whatever she was about to do.
Tabby cleared the table and Nate volunteered to help her carry things back to the kitchen. They were only gone for a minute but I notice that on the way back, Nate had started to form a tent in his shorts and he was carrying a bottle of Jack Daniels. Tabby followed behind him carrying a bottle of vodka and 4 shot glasses. This was an interesting sign.
Tabby had evidently decided that we were going to play truth or dare. Since she was outnumbered 3 to 1, I was interested to see how this would play out.
Tabby looked at Sam and said you go first.
"Okay Tabby, truth or dare?"
"I choose truth."
"Have you ever seen an 11" penis in real life?" Sam asked.
"That's easy. No, I have never seen an 11" in penis in real life."
"Would you like to?" Sam said as he reached for his boxers, causing us all to laugh hysterically.
"if you have one in there, I would definitely like to see it."
Sam opened his shorts and looked in and then with a defeated look said, "Shit, I think I left the big one in my other pants. How about an 8" instead?"
We were all dying laughing.
Tabby went next. "Nate, truth or dare."
"I'll take truth, and no, I have never seen an 11" penis in real life."
"That's not my question but this is. Last night did you masturbate in my son's room when you went to bed?"
Nate turned bright red so we already knew the answer but he said, "Not right away, but after I heard you orgasm for the 3rd time I couldn't help myself."
Now it was Tabby's turn to turn red, and she did. "Okaaaaay, moving along."
It was Nate's turn and he asked me truth or dare. I chose truth and he asked if I ever fucked Maureen Davidson under the bleachers in high school. I know there was a rumor going around that I had because I had started the rumor, but I had to tell the truth. "No, I didn't fuck her but she gave me my first blow-job under those bleachers."
"I knew it! Well, I didn't know she gave you a blow-job but I knew you didn't fuck her. Just so you know, I did, after the homecoming game when we were seniors."
"Was that before or after the football team banged her in the locker room?" Sam asked with a smirk.
"Fuck you, we all wanted to fuck her and you're just jealous."
"Oh, I'm not jealous, I fucked her about a month ago when I remodeled her bathroom."
This was turning out to be hilarious and we were all having a great time.
When it was my turn, I asked Tabby truth or dare and she picked dare. I dared her to take her thong off.
She just looked at me and shrugged, then reached down, slid her little panties off and dropped them in the middle of the table. Sam and Nate couldn't see her because she was sitting on my side of the table and I really couldn't see anything more than I could before but just knowing that she was completely naked sitting there with my friends caused me to get a raging hard-on. I'm sure the other guys were feeling the same thing.
When it was Tabby's turn, she looked at each of us, one at a time and then said, "I dare all three of you idiots to take your shorts off and get in the Jacuzzi with me."
It was quiet for a second but Sam stood up first, pulled his shorts down to reveal a partially hard cock that looked to be about 7" long and growing. It was thick and veiny and the mushroom head was a dark red. He casually strolled over to the Jacuzzi and stepped down in.
I got up next and dropped my shorts, not caring at this point that I was fully hard and my 7 inches were bobbing up and down like one of those bobble-head dolls you see in the back of a car window. Nate followed suit and he rather timidly lowered his shorts revealing a hard cock about the same size as mine and quickly got in the Jacuzzi.
We three homo-phobes sat as far apart as we could and waited to see what was going to happen next. Our Jacuzzi was advertised to seat up to 12 and I suppose if you had 12 skinny women, that was true but realistically, it did hold 8 or 9 full-grown humans pretty comfortable so there was plenty of space.
Tabby was still sitting at the table although now at this lover level, we could all see under the table. But, with her legs together, we couldn't see any more than we could when she was just wearing her thong.
"Who needs a drink?" Tabby asked.
Three hands went up so Tabby grabbed both the bottle of Jack and the vodka and walked toward the Jacuzzi. Nate and Sam were on the opposite side of the hot tub facing the table we had been sitting at and I was opposite them sitting with my back to the table but turned so I could see her.
I have seen Tabby naked a thousand times but I had never seen her sexier than I did just then when she got up from the table with a bottle in each had and walked to the Jacuzzi. She was a vision of pure sex. From her sparkling eyes, to her pouty lips, to her full tits, slim waist, completely shaved pussy, curvy hips and long legs, she was a goddess.
I expected her to come and sit next to me but she walked to the other side and slid in next to Sam and Nate. Both men reached up to help her into the tub as she was holding a bottle in each hand. She sat between them and took a big swig of vodka and handed the Jack to Nate who took a big swig and handed it to me and then me to Sam.
Tabby was looking directly at me, probably trying to figure out what I was thinking, wondering if I would be jealous, excited or maybe both. If she asked me, I would say both. It was a little uncomfortable seeing her sitting between my two good friends, naked, not being able to see under the water, wondering where everyone's hands were.
I knew where Tabby's feet were, or at least of them. It was in my lap, lightly sliding up and down the length of my cock. Maybe that was her way of knowing how I was feeling about this, at least below the water. Above the water, I could tell she was still trying to figure out what was going on. I was trying to figure it out myself.
Ultimately, I knew she loved me and I was going to be okay with this and wanted it to happen. I wasn't sure how exactly to let her know other than to smile and nod my head. She got the message.
"I think it is still my turn for truth or dare," Tabby said.
Nobody argued.
"Nate, truth or dare?" She asked.
"Truth," said Nate.
"Okay, when was the last time you got a blow-job?"
"Uhhhh, about a year ago, maybe more. To tell the truth, I don't remember except I know it wasn't from my ex-wife because..." said Nate.
"Because the bitch never sucked my cock once after I said I do," Sam and I said in unison and cracked up laughing. Tabby was laughing too.
"Would you like a blow-job?" Tabby asked.
"Ahhhh, yes but, ummm, what do you mean?" Stammered Nate.
"Tabby looked at Sam and said, "Sam is going to go next and he was going to dare me to give you a blow-job. Isn't that right Sam?"
Sam smiled slyly and said, "I was going to dare you to give me a blow-job but I guess since Nate hasn't had one in a year or more, I guess I could dare you to give him one instead."
Tabby looked at me one last time to make absolutely sure this could go to the next step. I gave the briefest of nods and Tabby said, "Okay Nate, get up on the side, I can't breathe underwater."
Nate looked at me and I just smiled back at him. He slowly moved to sit on the edge of the Jacuzzi, his hard-on bobbing with excitement. I noticed that when Tabby turned to move in front of Nate that her arm was over toward Sam and her hand looked like it had been in his crotch.
"I'll get back to you later," she said to Sam.
I guess that she must have been stroking Sam under the water.
Tabby moved between Nate's legs and wrapped her hand around his cock. I couldn't help but compare him to me and I actually felt a little better when I determined that although Nate was about the same length as me, he was a little bit thinner.
Once Tabby started licking up the length of his shaft, I forgot all about my comparison. It was hotter than I even imagined watching her tongue swirl around the head of his cock before taking it into her warm mouth.
Tabby gives excellent blow-jobs and she can deep-throat as well as any porn star. As she swallowed his entire length into her mouth and then her throat, Nate's eyes seemed to roll back in his head and he leaned back on one hand and put the other on the back of Tabby's head. He wasn't using it to push her or even guide her, it just seemed to be along for the ride.
When she wasn't deep throating him, Tabby's hand was wrapped around the base of his cock and she was pumping him slowly. At one point, she stopped and took his cock from her mouth and told Nate, "Let me know when you are going to cum, I want to make sure I get every drop."
Nate just groaned and it wasn't 2 minutes later before Nate growled, "I'm going to cum!"
Tabby took him all the way down her throat again as far as it would go. I could see her nose pressed against his belly and then I saw her swallow 4 or 5 times while Nate was pumping his cum into her throat.
After a few seconds, Tabby slowly sucked her way back off of his shaft, careful not to allow a single drop to escape her hot little mouth. When she finally released him, he looked spent.
"I have never had a blow-job that good in my life. You were right John; she is an amazing cock sucker."
Tabby turned and looked at me and said, "So, you told your buddies here what a good cock-sucker I am?"
Now I was all of the sudden on the defensive. "Well, I don't think I came out and said it like that but we were talking and... Oh, hell Tabby, you are a great cock-sucker; just ask Nate!"
Nates eyes got real big and Tabby started laughing.
Sam reached over and tapped Tabby on the shoulder. "I guess I'm the only one that doesn't know for sure."
"Hmmmm, since my husband has told everyone and you are the only one here that doesn't know for sure, I guess you deserve to find out." And with that, she waded over to Sam who was more than happy to sit up on the edge of the tub like Nate had.
Tabby looked back over her shoulder and sneered at me before she grabbed Sam's cock and started licking it like an ice-cream cone.
Sam's cock was longer and thicker than mine and once Tabby had taken full measure of it, she once again turned toward me and said, "This is bigger than what I am used to, I may have to take my time with it to make sure I can handle it."
Sam had the biggest smile on his face and Nate sunk back into the water, watching Tabby go to work on Sam's big dick.
She did take her time, licking and sucking his balls and then his thick shaft before she started working him into her mouth. She was putting on a show for sure and Sam was obviously loving it. After she had worked the entire length into her mouth and she had gotten used to both the length and the girth, she looked up at Sam and said, loud enough for Nate and I to hear it, "I want you to fuck my mouth."
Sam put his hand on top of her head and grabbed a handful of hair and pulled her off and then on to his veiny cock. I could hear the slurping noise and the occasional sound of Tabby gagging on his big cock until after a few minutes, she pulled completely off and once again turned to me.
"Don't you want to fuck me while I am sucking your friends cock?" she asked, raising her eyebrows.
She went back to sucking him or should I say fucking him, with her mouth and I moved behind her. Her ass was just below the water and me being slightly taller could stand and my cock was just as the water level. I lifter her slightly onto her toes as she continued to give one of the best blow-jobs I had ever seen, even in a porno. I slid into her easily. The inside of her pussy was hot and wet and I had no problem sinking my entire length into her. I heard her moan around the big cock stuffed in her mouth and started slowly fucking her.
Sam has stamina that was for sure. She had been sucking him for nearly 10 minutes when I joined in and he was still going strong. I began pumping her harder and faster and with each stroke I could hear a "Hhhmmppphhh" escape her mouth around Sam's cock.
That seemed to do it for Sam. I could tell that he was about to cum and evidently so could Tabby. She took him all the way down her throat and was bobbing her head in short little thrusts, pushing her nose into his abdomen.
Sam let out a growl that I'm sure the neighbors heard and he unleashed a torrent of cum down Tabby's throat. At the same time, I felt Tabby's pussy clutching at my cock as she started cumming at the same time.
With my cock buried deep in my wife's hot pussy and then feeling her cum while she sucked my friend's cock, I couldn't hold out any longer and dumped my load of seed deep inside her pussy. It seemed like I was pumping a gallon of cum in her as my orgasm went on and on. Tabby's pussy continued to contract around my cock until it has worked every bit of my cum out of me before I felt her relax and release her hold on me.
After that, we all sat in the Jacuzzi for a while before heading off to bed. Not a lot was said but it really didn't need to be.
Once in bed I couldn't stop thinking about what had happened. I wondered why I wasn't jealous and I wondered why I was already hard again just thinking about it. I just shared my wife with two of my best friends and thinking about it gave me a major hard-on. That doesn't sound right but it felt right. I wasn't sure how it was going to go in the morning but for now, I was good.
When Tabby was finished getting ready for bed and she crawled under the covers, she felt my hard-on right away. She didn't say anything and dipped under the covers and gave me a really good blow-job. I tried to pull her up and get her to make love but she was intent on finishing me with her mouth.
I lasted a long time but finally, I came and she once again swallowed every drop. Afterward, she kissed her way back up my belly and chest and then kissed me hard, forcing her tongue deep in my mouth and I gladly accepted it. I could taste a little bit of my cum on her lips but I didn't mind. All I could think of was how incredible she was.
After she kissed me, she got a big smile on her face and said, "I never sucked three cocks in the same night before."
I smiled back at her and then turned off the light and thought for a moment.
"Have you sucked two cocks in the same night before?"
I couldn't see her but I knew she was smiling. "It was a long time ago. Now go to sleep; we have all day tomorrow with your friends."
I was still a little wired but once I felt Tabby's breathing slow and even out, I too fell asleep.
***
The next morning, I thought I was the first to wake but when I got downstairs, the coffee was made and Nate was sitting in the kitchen. I made myself a cup and sat down.
"Are you sure you are okay with what happened last night?" Nate asked.
"I am. I thought about it a lot and there aren't two guys I would rather share my wife with than you guys."
I told Nate honestly that things had gotten a little stale and that Tabby and I had talked about how to spice things up. This seemed to ignite something in Tabby and me for that matter and I was just going to go with it. Nate was a little worried that Tabby might have a hard time with it today, being around them. After all, she was pretty drunk last night and today, she wasn't going to be drunk. He was worried that she would feel ashamed.
A few minutes later, Sam came into the kitchen and expressed similar concerns. They asked if maybe it would be better if they left.
That question was answered quickly when Tabby strolled or should I say, bounced into the kitchen, topless and wearing a tiny little denim skirt that I hadn't seen in years. It just barely covered her ass and I know she stopped wearing it because when she sat down, no matter how carefully, you could clearly see her panties from the front. We all just stared.
"Is somebody going to pour me a cup of coffee or do I have to do it myself?" she asked.
I got up, not taking my eyes off of her and reached for the cupboard with the coffee cups and then poured her a cup. She hopped up on the counter and swung her legs as if nothing was going on. Now it was obvious that she wasn't wearing any panties under that incredibly short skirt either.
"Oh, come on. After last night you guys can't all be this shocked at seeing me topless," and then spreading her legs slightly and looking down between her legs, "and panty-less."
We were all tongue tied and getting hard-ons. Tabby looked at Sam who was the most obvious in his loose shorts and said, "That's what I like to see. And a good morning to you little Sam."
Well, now we all had to laugh. Tabby laughed the loudest and just smiled and smiled as we all stared at her while she drank her coffee.
Finally, she hopped off the counter, her tits bouncing nicely, and told us she was going to make pancakes and bacon so we needed to get out of the kitchen so she had room to work.
"You boys should go out and do guy stuff or something for a couple of hours this morning. "John, take them out on the lake fishing or something for a while.
We all went back and got showered and dressed. We decided to go to the lake and take a ride in the boat and check out some property that I had been looking at for a lake house so we all just threw on shorts and t-shirts. When we met back in the kitchen, Tabby was wearing an apron that covered her boobs and went about half way down her thighs. I thought it was probably to avoid having hot bacon grease splatter on her bare chest.
The other guys joined me and we were talking when I heard Nate inhale deeply. I looked over at Tabby and she was turned away from us and bending over to get something out of one of the bottom cabinets against the back wall of the kitchen. She had changed out of her skirt and was wearing nothing under the apron. Her entire back side was bare except for the strap around her neck and the tie around her waist. Bent over the way she was; her pussy was staring us right in the face.
"Fuck John, that is one beautiful sight" Sam said, loud enough for Tabby to hear.
Tabby looked back over her shoulder and wiggled her ass, then picked up whatever it was she was bending over to get and walked back toward us. I looked over at poor Nate and his mouth was open and I swear he was drooling.
Tabby served up the pancakes and bacon and we all ate what we could. I kept trying to think of things that I could ask Tabby to get from the cupboards so we could watch her bend over again and came up with a few lame items but she quickly caught on and waggled her finger at me and told me that I was being bad.
The guys of course did the same, waggling their fingers at me and telling me I was bad. Then Tabby shooed us all away and told us not to come back for a few hours but when I told her what we had planned, she decided to go with us. Besides, the guys had to get going when we got back. They had a long drive ahead of them and they both had to be at work early on Monday.
As we drove to the lake, I couldn't help but wonder what was in store for us next. At this point, I was becoming very comfortable with the idea of taking the next step with our friends. I mean, we were pretty well into it last night but there was another level and I wondered if it would go there today.
Tabby packed us a lunch and I packed a cooler full of wine and beer. Tabby put her skirt back on and a similar white t-shirt to the one she had worn yesterday although this one was just slightly less see-through. When we got to the slip the young kid that works at the marina was just finishing gassing up the boat as I requested and I thought he was going to fall off the dock when he saw Tabby. Her nipples were fully erect and her tits were dancing as she walked along the dock. Once the kid recovered and we loaded up the boat, we were on our way.
It was a beautiful day and the sun was warming up nicely. When Tabby was standing in the boat with the wind whipping past her, her chest sticking out, her hard nipples were leading the way. Her skirt was barely covering her ass and the wind lifted it just enough to reveal her curvy little cheeks. This was one of the moments that could have been a commercial for good living. An all adults commercial.
It took us about twenty minutes to get to the secluded cove where Tabby and I had been looking at some property. There wasn't a dock but we were able to get right up to the shore with the boat, close enough that we could all jump out without having to get in the water. I tied the boat to one of the trees nearby and we took a walk around the property.
The lot had already been cleared of trees where the house would go by the previous owners who evidently ran into some financial trouble and had to put the lot up for sale. There really wasn't anything on the property other than a picnic table under some large maple trees. We decided to set up there for our lunch.
As soon as we set the food down, Tabby was pulling her top off and spinning around.
"Oh my god, this feels so good!"
"It looks even better," added Nate.
Tabby just smiled and said, "I love being nude outside."
Now it was Sam' s turn to chime in. "You aren't really nude; you're still wearing a skirt."
Tabby stopped twirling around, unbuttoned her skirt and let it drop to her ankles. She kicked it off her feet and then twirled around, completely nude this time.
We were all just shaking our heads. Tabby came over and opened a plastic container filled with watermelon and took out a huge piece and bit into it. The juicy watermelon was dripping down her chin and onto her boobs. When a drop hit her nipple, Tabby scooped it up with her finger and then put it in her mouth.
All three of us were watching and Tabby knew it. She did her best to put on her shy little girl look and turned her head toward us and asked, "Which one of you is going to fuck me first?"
I just about dropped the beer I had just opened. I'm sure the other guys had the same reaction and we were all just staring at Tabby with our mouths open. Tabby then looked directly at me and raised her eyebrows as if she was asking for my permission. I just gave a slight nod.
Before anyone said anything else, Tabby looked at Nate and said, "Nate I think you should fuck me first. I like that little curve in your cock and want to see if it tickles my g-spot. I'll bet you can make me feel real good with that."
Tabby turned and sat on the end of the picnic table, looked over her shoulder at Nate and then held out her finger, crooked it and beckoned him. Nate looked at me and I nodded at him.
He got up and walked around to the end of the table in front of Tabby. She reached out and unbuttoned his shorts and let them fall to the ground. She then lifted his shirt over his head and threw his shirt onto the table behind her. Lastly she hooked her thumbs inside the waistband of his boxers and pushed them down below his knees.
Nate was completely hard and she reached out and grabbed his cock and pulled him close. He nearly tripped before he stepped out of the boxers but managed to keep his balance and not fall.
"Nate, before you fuck me, would you like to taste my pussy? I'll bet you are a good pussy licker. Did that bitch of a wife ever let you eat her pussy?"
Nate dropped down to his knees without a word and he started licking her pussy, taking nice long strokes along her slit before working his tongue between her soft folds and onto her clit. He then dipped down and stuck his tongue as far as he could inside her pussy which caused her to moan loudly. She pulled his head tight into her and he kept tongue fucking her and then licking her clit until she grabbed his hair and pulled his face tight against her and she came on his tongue.
Nate's face was covered with her cum when he came up and kissed her. Then she grabbed his cock and slid it into her steaming cunt. We could see from the expression on Nate's face that he was ecstatic. He started off pumping in and out of her slowly but soon was speeding up.
"Oh fuck Nate, fuck me good. You are hitting my g-spot with your curved cock. Ohhhhh, fuck, fuck, fuck, yes. Nate continue to pound her until he came. I think she came just before he did but it was hard to tell. Nate stayed buried deep in her pussy for a long time before he pulled out.
"Fuck Nate, that was good."
"Thank you," was all he said as he picked up his clothes and moved to the side of the table and sat down.
Tabby slid down off the picnic table and turned toward us. She bent down and put her hands on the table and then looked at Sam.
"Sam, I want you to fuck me from behind with that big cock. I want you to fuck me hard, can you do that please?"
"Don't worry Tabby, I'll give you a good fucking," and he took his clothes off and moved around behind her.
Just before he shoved his fat cock into her she said, "Wait, I want John to sit on the table so I can suck his cock while you pound my cunt."
I didn't hesitate and dropped my shorts and moved in front of Tabby and sat on the picnic table. Tabby looked behind her and said once more, "Remember, I want a good hard fucking so use that big cock to punish my cunt."
Sam slammed his cock into her waiting pussy and she screamed, "Yesssssssss, that's it, fuck me hard."
Sam began working his big cock in and out of her, slamming hard into her. She bent down and took my cock into her hot mouth and then looked up at me with those big eyes. She took my entire length into her mouth and then pulled off and asked, "Is this what you wanted? Did you want to see your slut wife get fucked while I suck your cock?"
I didn't say anything but grabbed her hair and pulled her back onto my cock. Sam continued to pound away, driving her hot mouth deeper onto my cock with each thrust. I know that Tabby had at least two orgasms while Sam was fucking her and just before Sam came, I filled her mouth with my cum. Just as she finished swallowing, Sam started really pounding her and she screamed each time he pushed into her. Finally, Sam pulled out and shot 5 thick ropes of cum on her back and ass.
We all collapsed on the table. After a few minutes we got up and the guys put their shorts back on but Tabby stayed naked. We ate the lunch she had packed and then reluctantly, we got back in the boat, Tabby put her skirt back on but not her top and we headed back to the dock.
We passed a couple of fishermen on the way back and they seemed very happy to see Tabby. Just before we pulled into the marina, Tabby put her top back on and we unloaded the boat and headed back home.
I drove and Sam sat in the front passenger seat and Tabby and Nate sat in the back. As soon as we got in the car, Tabby had her top off again.
"I'm never going to be able to get you to wear clothes again am I?" I asked.
Tabby looked up and said, "Nope."
About half way home Tabby leaned up between the seats and asked, "do you mind if I suck Nate's cock back here. I feel like he got short changed out at the lake."
I looked in the rearview mirror at Nate and he just shrugged. I told Tabby, "Go ahead my little cock sucking slut."
She reached up and hit me, then she ducked back into the back seat and a few moments later, I could just see the top of her head bobbing up and down on Nate's cock.
After we got home, Tabby got totally naked again and the guys reluctantly packed their bags and got ready to leave. At the door, Tabby gave them each a really good hug and kiss and told them she hoped they could come back real soon to visit.
I think that the guys were already trying to figure out when they could come back.
After that weekend our sex life improved dramatically. It was all I could do to keep Tabby's clothes on. We started talking openly about our fantasies and we even acted out a few of her exhibitionist fantasies. This is going to be fun.