"Dottie is all worked up," my wife started to say. "Apparently she's not returning as expected from her latest business trip. She'll be away for an extra week. She wanted to know if we could fly into Memphis, rent a car and house sit until her return. She's offered to pick up all of our expenses."
"I don't see a problem. She's your only sibling and needs our help. Plus, she can easily afford to reimburse us. What will we be expected to do?"
"We'll need to food shop, pick up the dog from the kennel on Monday, and touch base with the landscapers. Oh, we'll need to pick up her mail and resume the delivery."
"OK with me - Blues on Beale Street, Memphis B-B-Q, and Graceland here we come," was my reply.
We arrived extremely late on Friday night, actually it was early Saturday morning. Mary decided to do a coffee run when we woke up. We would then develop a plan until Dottie's return.
I could smell fresh coffee as I stepped out of the shower. I was still drying myself, when I walked into the large open space that housed the kitchen, dining room and living room. On the table was take-out coffee and fresh pastry. Standing next to the table was my wife wearing an outfit that began to give me an erection.
Here choice of clothing wasn't her favorite revealing yellow dress, sans panties. Today she was in a tiny pair of lace shorts, and a silk top with a generous scoop, in the front, and oversized arm openings. A significant amount of cleavage was visible, as was the side of each amazing C cup tit. Standing near her you could easily see the shape of her entire vagina, when she turned around her ass was clearly visible.
"I figured you would enjoy seeing me in this," she said. "The people at the bakery certainly did. They gave me the pastry! The owner said, 'you're incredibly hot, I wish the security cameras showed better detail.'
'How's this?' I asked him, as I removed my top.
'My God, your tits are amazing,' he exclaimed.
As I was listening to my wife describe her visit to the bakery, I slowly began to stroke myself. The more she spoke the faster my hand moved.
'Care to stroll in the back to give everyone a look?' the baker asked.
'What's in it for me?'
'Breakfast on the house, and the knowledge that I'll be jerking off watching the tape of you parading around topless,' was his response.
So I went in the back room waving at everyone wearing only these little bottoms, which are really underwear. I put my top on as he was filling the pastry box. The two guys sitting at the counter never said a word - they just sat there with their mouths open. Oh, I'll be wearing this outfit shopping, if you don't mind," she said, with a chuckle.
"Hell - No, I won't mind," I said, as I reached for a napkin to catch a huge load of cum shooting out of my dick. My dick was still hard and oozing cum, when Mary licked me clean and asked, "Can we have breakfast now?"
We pulled into the parking lot of the world's largest retailer. Saturday afternoon and the lot was almost full. We grabbed a cart and headed to the food section of the store. Mary got her fair share of looks, and who wouldn't look - she was practically naked. Her breasts rhythmically swayed with each step.
In the pet section we were faced with multiple choices in dog food. She left me with the cart and wandered around looking for a sales clerk. She returned with a guy, who possessed two things: a knowledge of dog food and a tent in the front of his pants. Any time my wife moved, he would position himself to gawk at her body. His eyes flicked from her chest to her pussy, while he explained the difference in dog foods. He was so enamored with her body, he offered to bring our cart to the car and load the purchased items for us.
Mary walked in front of him so he could stare at her ass. Once everything was in the rental, Mary stood next to the car and said, "You know, no one is going to believe that you were with a hot woman today who was wearing practically nothing. You saw my tits and nipples, my pussy and my ass. But, they will believe everything you tell them once they see what the parking lot cameras record."
With that, she reached for his hand and placed it inside the gaping armhole of her top. "Go ahead and give my tit a gentle squeeze. Rub your hand over my nipple. Maybe later in the week, I'll come back and take a peek at what your hiding in your pants. By the look of that bulge, you could have quite the package!"
After I put the perishable items away, I joined my now naked wife in the living room. She knelt on a couch cushion, grabbing the back of the couch. She offered me her backside. Looking over her shoulder, she said, "It won't take much to get me off. If I had a need to fuck other guys, I would have gotten laid twice today!"
Still fully dressed, I knelt behind her and began kissing her perfectly shaped ass. Her breathing increased and her sighs turned into moans, when my tongue found her little brown opening. I gently licked the entire area, savoring her scent, then slowly slid a couple of fingers into her warm wet gash. Mary came quickly and forcefully, when I found and stimulated her clit. "That's it, That's it, Yes!" she screamed. "Quick fuck me!" she pleaded.
Not wanting to miss a second, I dropped my track shorts and sat on the edge of the couch. She quickly lowered herself on top of my hard pulsating dick. In a matter of seconds, she was enjoying another climax. Her warm wet discharge coated my member. Soon I let out a primal scream and filled her with stream after stream of hot spunk.
We spent the rest of the day hanging out by the pool, naked as the day we were born.
The next night we decided to hit Beale Street. Mary wore a snug fitting skirt with a thigh slit and a off-the-shoulder top. No need for underwear! Our plan was to enjoy some good B-B-Q and live music at BB King's place. She certainly received a lot of looks, but then again, with a body like hers it's difficult not to notice her amazing rack, shapely legs and perfectly round ass. She would look amazing wearing goalie's equipment!
During supper the next night and fueled by a bottle of wine, I mentioned that I had a theory, I wondered if she would be interested in.
"If you were topless and entered a drive-through, the person collecting your money would ask you to pull over and wait. Someone would personally deliver your order and stare at your tits."
"You're crazy," she responded.
I counted with, "Well, let's give it a try, but only if you're inclined in releasing the girls on the good people of Memphis, again!"
Mary hopped behind the wheel of the rental wearing hot pants and flip flops. Her long wavy hair was down and her top was with me in the back seat. First stop - under the Golden Arches.
"May I have a medium diet soda?" was her request.
Payment was accepted in the first window, pick up in the second. Seeing her without a top on at the first window, she was asked, "Miss would you mind pulling into the side lot? We're terribly short handed tonight. Someone will deliver your drink to you."
In no time at all, two high school age kids hand carried her drink to her. Both stared in awe at her spectacular tits.
"Thanks guys." she began. "I lost a bet and my top. Later in the week I'm going to order an entire meal and pick it up without a stitch of clothes on. Be sure to be working Friday night. I may even let you cop a feel or two!"
As we drove out of the lot, I said, "I told you that would happen."
"It could have been a coincident."
"Only way to be sure is to try a different drive-through."
The King was next.
"Lord have Mercy!" exclaimed the older black gentleman when he saw my wife's tits. "Honey, let's have a feel and your food is on me." Mary slipped out of the drivers side door and rested her tits on the little window shelf. Long dark fingers gently twirled her nipples. She was getting into this when a bell rung. "Damn it all, sounds like someone needs to place an order. You sure did make an old man's night."
"Here's something else for you to see," she said, as she stepped out of her hot-pants. She slowly spun round, allowing him plenty of time to see her ass and her pussy. "I changed my mind on the food. I need a good fucking - see you later."
"I'm so fucking horny. You drive home, while I play with myself," she said in between sighs. One, two, sometimes three fingers were buried in her gash. The squishing sounds of her fingers as she drove them in and out of her love tunnel, echoed in the car. I reached over and squeeze a tit, which caused her to sigh louder. She came as I pulled into the garage. Her fingers were sopping wet with her discharge. She yelled, "Yes," multiple times, as she kept plunging her fingers in and out of her pussy.
After getting out of the car, she placed her hands on the hood of the rental, and spread her legs. I shed my clothes and grabbed her hips and with piston like stokes I fucked her with wreak-less abandon. I continued my onslaught on her until my balls were completely drained. She climaxed again with another loud yell. As my cum was oozing out of her glistening snatch, I picked up our clothes.
"You think now would be a good time to shut the garage door?" she asked.
Knowing the landscaping crew would be working outside the rod iron fence that surrounded the pool, Mary chose to wear a bathing suit she bought before a trip to Mexico. With the exception of little blue dots, that covered her nipples and a tiny blue square, that covered her mound, the rest of the suit was made from fish netting. Her truly amazing figure was clearly visible.
She made every effort to engage the three guys in conversation about the plants and shrubs that were being placed around the pool. They enjoyed staring at her, she enjoyed being stared at. At one point, she decided to go for a swim. Off came the suit to the delight of her audience. She slowly dried herself and walked to the fence, naked. She asked if they needed anything before she went into the house. All three guys were rubbing the front of their jeans, after she entered the house.
I was watching all of this through the glass patio doors. My hand was stoking my stiff dick. Mary walked in and said, "Why don't you let me do that."
"I'm about to explode," I exclaimed. "It shouldn't take long."
Kneeling in front of me at the patio door, she grabbed my hard dick and increased the speed of her hand, as she said, "That had the making of a scene from a porn movie. Three horny guys fucking every available hole of a hot oversexed woman. They could have turned me into a cum-dumpster! Filling my ass, pussy, and mouth with loads and loads of their hot spunk."
Immediately after the first grunt, I shot a rope of cum on the patio door. Moving at the speed of light, Mary put a lip lock on the swollen head of my dick and drank what my nuts were delivering.
"You owe me one, big boy," she said, wiping her mouth. She stood and ran a tongue over my nipples. "I'm hitting the shower and taking a nap. If I decide to buzz myself, I'll give you a yell. Although, I think the shower head will do the trick."
I watched her beautiful ass disappear around the corner, then looked for cleaning solution for the patio door and the floor below where I was standing.
Dottie called and said she would be returning sooner than expected. We had one more day and evening before her return. We scheduled our flight home, after her arrival, so we could see her.
On our final night, Mary approached me wearing a very short silk robe. "So, I'm thinking we have some fun with a pizza delivery guy. You call and watch from the mudroom, while I do my thing in the living room."
I placed the call, turned off all of the lights, except the living room lights, and stood in the mud room. I had an unobstructed view of the entire place.
When the doorbell rang, Mary holding her travel vibrator in one hand and her tits and pussy on display opened the door and said, "What, did you forget your key, again? Oh my God, your not my husband - quick get in here and close the door before the neighbor's see my like this!"
"Some guy called in this order, I'm sorry If I caught you at a bad time," the guy stammered.
"My husband usually gives me a heads up," she said, as she demurely closed her robe. "As you can see, I was about to pleasure myself. Let me find my purse and pay you."
I sent a message to her phone that she read out loud. "Hey Hon, I'm almost done next door - I ordered a pizza - I left the mudroom door unlocked - see you in five minutes - let's have a naked pizza party!"
Mary looked at her admirer and said, "We have five minutes. Care to help a lady out?" With that, she opened her robe and let it slip off her shoulders to the floor. She sat on the edge of the couch with her legs spread wide, and placed the vibrator on the lips of her gash.
In a sultry voice she begged, "Take your cock out and stand between my legs. Coat my tits with your jizz. If we have time I'll suck you dry. To say thanks for your help, next time you deliver here, I'll fuck-the-shit-out-of-you."
The guy quickly pulled an above average cock out of his pants, stood over my wife, and pounded his meat. I opened and closed the mudroom door, announcing that I was home. "Hon, I'm hitting the bathroom - pizza here yet?"
With a full raging hard-on bouncing with every step, the guy flew out the front door. Mary's vibrator never left her pussy. She was in a zone. She didn't need my assistance in getting off, but licking her dark sensitive nipples is a pleasure. And boy, did she get off!
The next morning, Dottie got home a few hours before we were scheduled to leave. "Any problems with the dog, landscapers or anything while you were here?" she asked.
"No problems at all," was my wife's response.
"The dog behaved. The landscapers said they would return without additional fees to do anything you may need, and I'm curious about something. How often do you have pizza delivered?"