I, Veena, well-educated, high class women was now working naked in my house in front of my husband and the low class maid servant, Suja. This has been my plight since morning. The only towel that covered me was taken away by Vivek, my husband, and left me to suffer the perils of losing a bet.
I continued naked in the house, cleaning all the ceilings and trying hard not to come in eye contact with my servant. Being seen by Vivek was ok, but being seen by Suja was so humiliating for me, even though Suja was a woman in her 40's. As time went by, I could sense Suja getting bolder as she was always in the same room as me. Suja by now had completed her work and was free to go home, but Vivek had stopped her and said that she still had to inspect the cleaning. I completed the cleaning shortly and went to Vivek, who was now watching TV.
"Have you completed cleaning all the ceilings?" Vivek asked me.
"Yes." I could not utter more words as I was now feeling really shy in front of Vivek and Suja.
"Suja, come here." Vivek called out for Suja, who was standing near the bedroom doorway, from where she could see me and Vivek. Suja came close to me and stood beside me facing Vivek.
"Yes, Sahib, Memsahib has cleaned all the ceiling." She said without even Vivek asking her.
"Ok, thanks Suja." Vivek replied.
"But, she forgot to clean the bathrooms", it was Suja continuing and that's when I realized, what the bitch Suja was up-to. I had once made her kneel in the bathroom and clean the toilets. That day her dress had got wet and she was even more late to leave for her home. She was taking revenge for that.
"Is that correct Veena?" Vivek asked me. I nodded a yes, as I was too humiliated to answer anything.
"Since you accept that you have not completed your task yet, I will have to punish you", it was Vivek again. I knew immediately that it was going to be something really humiliating.
"What should the punishment be for this, Suja?" Vivek was now asking Suja, the low class servant girl about the punishment I should get. What more punishment can they give to me, when I stand naked in front of them?
"Sahib, in our village, depending on the crime, the village elder varies the punishment. For disobeying and not completing the task, usually the husband is given permission to beat the wife on the naked ass inside the house." Suja told Vivek.
"Oh, that's interesting. If the crime is more bigger, then what?" Vivek wanted to know more.
"Sahib, the worst punishment I have seen was when the girl was stripped naked in public and her hands were tied to the tree branch and she was beaten by every male in the village on her ass with their bare hands. Some actually did not beat her; they just groped her pussy while beating. It was really humiliating for her." Suja gave out the village custom punishment.
"Interesting, and thanks, I will go with spanking Veena on the ass inside the house for now." Vivek decided on my punishment.
"Ok, Veena, come and lay on my lap." Vivek ordered me.
I walked slowly to his side and bend down and lay on his lap. Vivek started pushing my ass in-order to position my ass directly above his lap and for clear visibility. I was now adjusting myself to the most humiliating position one can be, that too in-front of the servant. It was not a comfortable position for me, one because only my toes were touching the floor as I had been raised that much on Vivek's lap and another because now Suja could see my asshole clearly as my ass cheeks were spread open in front of her in the position I was in.
Fattak... I put my hands on my ass as the first slap came on my ass. It was painful.
Fattak, Fattak, Fattak... 3 more followed in quick succession.
"Am I doing it right Suja?" Vivek was checking with my servant if he was administering the slap on my naked ass correctly, how more can one be humiliated.
"Sahib, this is ok, but position can be corrected a bit more." Suja replied.
I did not understand how more can the position be corrected! Here I was laid on my husband's lap, naked and my ass and asshole in full display to my husband and our servant, and getting spanked.
"How?" Vivek asked Suja.
"Sahib, Memsahib has a round plump ass, but her ass is a bit hanging as it is big. So she will not get the full effect of the spanking in this way. If we can spread her legs a bit, you will hit the right spot on her ass." Suja explained a way to humiliate me further and also display my pussy to her.
"Suja, can you adjust Veena's legs the way you just said." Vivek asked Suja to do with me what she wanted.
Till now Suja had not touched me, although she got to see me naked. I saw Suja walking towards my legs and she knelt down right in-front of my ass. Her hands were rough from the work she has been doing for so long, I could feel them as she took hold of my ankles and swiftly spread them apart. I had to hold on to the floor to not fall from the sudden change in position. I now knew that my pussy was fully open and on display to Suja. I was now laid on Vivek's lap, naked and legs spread apart with my pussy hole and ass hole on full display to Vivek and Suja. The thought of this humiliation made me pull my legs together. On seeing this, Vivek, immediately gave a spanking, Fattak right on my ass.
"No, Veena, don't close your legs." Vivek commanded.
"Vivek, I can't balance myself with my legs spread." I was pleading with Vivek to me let be.
"Ok, I then have an idea" Vivek told me.
"Suja, can you get the rod of our mop from the kitchen?" Vivek asked Suja for the mop rod!
I got a bit scared and did not know what to expect. Suja came back with the mop rod, which was about 5 feet long and sufficiently thick in size.
"Suja, can you also get me the rope as well?" Suja went to our store room and got the rope as well.
"Suja, now spread Veena's legs apart and tie both her ankles to the end of the rod using the rope."
Oh my, now I will have to remain spread wide with my asshole and pussy-hole on full display. Quickly Suja spread my legs and tied my ankles to the two ends of the rod.
Fattak, Fattak, the spanking continued. The difference now was that I had Suja staring and enjoying seeing my pussy and asshole, my legs spread apart and tied to the rod, my ass fully positioned to receive the spanking. I had lost count of the spanks that I received from Vivek, but I think it was about 25 when he said
"Ok, get up Veena, that's for now. You can go and clean the bathroom."
I tried to stand up, but with my legs tied the way it was, it was difficult to stand up.
"Suja, please help Veena to stand up." Vivek was asking Suja to assist me in standing up.
Suja came up in front of me and held my two hands and started pulling me up. I was wondering, why the rod was not being removed. Suja, helped me up on my feet. I was now standing with my feet apart as possible, with my ankles tied to the rod. I suddenly felt shy to be standing like that in front of Suja and involuntarily covered my boobs and pussy with my hands.
"If you do that, I will have the rod tied on your hands." Vivek remarked.
I immediately took away my hands and became again in full display to Suja and Vivek. Suddenly, Vivek put his hand on my pussy and inserted a finger inside my pussy.
I gave out a small moan, "Ahhh..."
I could see Suja smiling and feeling shy on seeing my state of humiliation.
Vivek took his fingers out and said "hmm, you are enjoying right? Your pussy is already wet", saying this Vivek again inserted his fingers inside my pussy, but this time he inserted two fingers.
"Ahhh, I will cum Vivek." I pleaded to Vivek to stop. He just continued.
"Suja, see how your memsahib is a bitch in heat. She is already ready to cum in front of you. Why don't you check her pussy?" Vivek was now encouraging Suja to make me cum.
Suja as if waiting for the invitation, immediately put her fingers inside my pussy and started stroking my clit with her thump simultaneously. It was the most exciting sensation to be humiliated like this and no way to close my legs as they were spread and tied to the rod. I was feeling completely under the control of Suja stroking me.
"Stop!" It was Vivek, telling Suja to stop.
I knew why Vivek stopped Suja at that point, it was because I was about to cum.
"Untie her ankles." Vivek again said to Suja.
Suja untied me and due to all the excitement and me being on the verge of cumming, I just sat on the floor heaving heavily.
"Ok Veena, now you can go and clean the bathrooms. Suja will monitor you." Vivek took the rod that was used to tie me and handed it to Suja.
"Suja, I think you know how buffaloes are made to work in the village farms." Vivek asked Suja.
"Yes, Sahib. We beat their ass or poke them in the ass when they don't work" Suja replied.
"Think Veena as you buffalo, and she is given the task to clean the bathrooms. You have to monitor her the way you monitor the buffaloes. Ok?"
Vivek's instruction to Suja was clear, it was to beat me or humiliate me by poking in my pussy or ass hole with the rod. I intended not to give Suja a chance.