Watching Janine's head slowly bobbing up and down in her boyfriend's lap, made me feel incredibly guilty and sleazy, but also incredibly horny. They were on the back patio of her house, about fifteen metres away from me as I watched through the window from the corner room of my house. I was pretty confident that they couldn't see me.
Her back was towards me, so I couldn't really see his cock slipping in and out of her mouth, but it was obvious what was happening. She was naked and her wet hair suggested that this was a post swim romp. Her bikini was on the ground beside her, and I wished I had been here a bit earlier. Had she stripped off her own bikini, or had he undressed her? Had they commenced their amorous engagement in the pool? I imagined her slipping her hand into his swimmers and stroking him hard before leading him here to the patio. But the sight of her from behind was amazing; her smooth back and the curve of her hips merging into a tight arse resting on dainty feet as she knelt on a cushion.
Janine had moved in about six months ago and we were neighbourly friendly, saying hello if we passed in the garden or if we met at the supermarket. But that didn't mean that I hadn't noticed how stunningly beautiful she was, with her long dark hair framing her perfect face, her long legs and tight arse regularly displayed in short shorts and her prominent breasts often highlighted in tight tee shirts. She had certainly featured in some of my fantasies as I pleasured myself. The guy that she was pleasuring appeared to be in his mid twenties, so ten years younger than Janine. Did she prefer younger men, was she a bit of a cougar? Does that mean that I have no chance of being with her, given that I'm ten years older?
Watching her head moving up and down, back and forward, there was no frantic bobbing, and from the look on the guy's face, she was taking her time, teasing him, using her mouth and tongue to excite him. I imagined her running her tongue from base to tip, before taking him in her mouth, then repeating the process before taking him deeper across her tongue and holding him there in sensual suspense. Just the way that I love a woman to use her mouth on me.
She lifted off him and I could see that she had her hand wrapped around his cock. There was a brief conversation and he shuffled closer to the edge of the sun lounge that he was sitting on, then she lowered her head back down, obviously licking his balls, maybe taking them into her mouth. She had her right hand in front of her and now that she was focusing on his balls, I could see that she was stroking his cock slowly, more teasing, while she sucked. From the position of her left hand, she may have been touching herself while she pleasured the guy.
I knew that she was single, but this was the first time I had seen her with a guy. Had she met him in a bar? Was he an ex? Did she find him on Tinder? If she was on Tinder or one of the other apps, could I find her profile? I felt like a stalker, I felt more guilty and sleazy, but I kept watching.
The guy wrapped his hands in her hair, trying to pull her mouth down onto himself, and he thrust up into her mouth, but she swatted his hands away. She obviously wanted to be in control. I had been touching and squeezing my own cock through my pants, but I now surrendered to my own lust and stripped naked, standing in the middle of the room, watching through the window, with my incredibly hard cock sliding through my hands. In my mind she was kneeling in front of me, teasing me, not the guy on the sun lounge.
I watched as the guy said something and again gripped her hair, but this time, pulled her up off him. They both stood up and she pulled the thin mattress off the lounge and dropped it on the floor of the patio, there was another brief conversation and she gave him a sexy smile and she lay on her back, her feet either side of the mattress and her knees raised. She put her hands on her knees and she theatrically spread them further apart, inviting him to take her. From my viewpoint I could see along her body, her head slightly towards me. Her breasts were high and firm and after spreading her knees, she brought her hands to her breasts and cupped them, then pulled firmly on her nipples which appeared to be very hard.
The guy was also very hard, his cock bouncing in front of him as he stood looking down at her, obviously enjoying the sight of her presenting herself for him. As he knelt between her legs she raised her hands up over her head and gripped the legs of a table behind her, opening herself to him even more. He lowered himself over her, holding himself on his hands and knees as he dragged his cock across her belly, then nestled it along the slit of her pussy, sliding it sexily. I watched as she reached down with one hand and gripped his cock and slid the tip along her pussy, getting the tip wet with her juices, before positioning it at her opening. She pushed up with her hips as he pushed down with his and the tip slid into her.
The look on their faces was amazing. Both lost in pleasure, she with her eyes closed, her mouth open, her back arching as she received his cock. He watching her intently as he held himself over her and thrust into her. I could see his cock disappearing and reappearing below the rise of her belly and I was imagining myself skiing, trying not to come before they had finished.
He said something to her and she nodded, replied something briefly, then he increased the tempo of his thrusts, driving himself deeper into her, then he held himself still for a moment, a look of resignation and release on his face, then he was giving short sharp thrusts into her and it was obvious that he was filling her with his cum.
I gave up trying to control my own orgasm and I gripped my cock tighter and sent loads of cum splattering onto the carpet in front of me.
He lowered himself onto her, obviously holding himself inside her, relishing the feel of her hot, wet, pussy around his cock as it slowly softened and I watched as they kissed tenderly.