Sir approached slowly, deliberate in his movements. I was convinced everything he did was done after careful consideration and with a distinct purpose. He was very much a man in control and his presence made me weak in the knees.
As he neared, I wanted him desperately. I wanted to serve him in whatever ways he desired, trusting that he would not ask anything of me that I could not provide, that he had calculated the risks and determined that the personal benefits outweighed the potential costs.
I lowered my eyes as he reached the doorway, key in hand. He gently raised my chin and our eyes met, our excitement palpable, my body vibrating from nervous energy.
"Eileen, do you know what is about to happen?"
I trembled as I shook my head, "No, Sir."
He scoffed, "Are you sure about that...?" He reached out and touched my face gently before asking, "What do you want to happen?"
I groaned. I hated those kinds of questions, asking me what I wanted, making me speak the filthy words describing my desires. True to form I mumbled nearly inaudibly, "I want to be used..."
Sir looked at the other man and asked, "Did you hear something?"
The other man laughed and said, "No, I didn't hear anything."
An irritated look on his face, Sir said, "Try again, Eileen. This time make sure we can understand you. If you have something worth saying, say it so you can be understood."
Looking at the floor, knowing I made a mistake, I spoke more clearly, "Yes, Sir."
Exasperated, he asked, "Is that all you have to say, Eileen? I asked you what you want to happen...and look at me when you tell me."
I felt my breath, exhaled slowly, and tried to calm myself before I looked up into his eyes, my face burning with lust and humiliation. He stared at me expectantly, his patience wearing thin. I rolled my lips together as I summoned my courage, telling myself to just spit it out before he changed his mind.
Still meeting his gaze and shaking off years of Catholic guilt, I owned my words, "I want to be used, Sir. To be fucked and enjoyed. To be your cumdump whore."
He smiled slightly, "Are you a slut, Eileen?"
"Yes, Sir. I am your librarian whore."
He inserted the key in the lock and turned it. As the lock clicked open, he said crisply, "I know you are my librarian. We are about to test the whore part."
I heard their laughter behind me as he opened the door and let me in the room. As I stepped by him, I began to question my judgement and wonder what exactly I was getting myself into then he spanked my large ass hard. I yelped in surprise as the sting rippled across my backside and the smack echoed through the upper floor of the library.
The room was designed with group work in mind and filled with a sturdy conference table, multiple chairs, and room to move about. One wall was made of glass so staff could always see what was happening inside and had no additional sound-proofing.
After he and the man stepped inside, Sir closed the door then positioned me so that I was facing the table, my back to the wall of glass. He immediately removed the sweater I had tied around my waist and tossed it on the floor.
"Oh, Eileen, you seem to have made a mess of your dress," Sir derided. He pressed the damp, cold material against my hot skin then asked the man, "Do you think she pissed herself?"
I heard a loud sniff behind me and another before I heard the man's voice, "It doesn't smell like piss. This slut is a squirter."
My cheeks were aflame with humiliation as was my round ass from the swat when I felt my dress lifted over my hips and my cum soaked panties pulled down, the entirety of my full bum bared in front of the glass wall.
The two men were now silent behind me. Yearning and anticipation about what was to come consumed me as I obediently stood waiting with the lower half of my body exposed, still facing the table.
In the silence, I closed my eyes as hands began to roughly explore my posterior. I felt warm breath on my calves as someone gripped my ankle and helped me step out of my dirty underpants. Two hands caressed my ass cheeks as I heard a gruff voice command, "Spread your legs and open your mouth wide, slut."
I obeyed, stepped as far apart as I could making my oozing cunt accessible to both men, and opened my mouth wide. The hands on my bottom traveled up my sides and to my chest, finding the chain and pulling my tits up and out of my bodice. Moaning loudly, I winced as I felt my cunt overflow with juice that now seeped down my thighs. My aching boobs were yanked down towards the tabletop and pain shot from my nipples to my leaky hole.
Sir leaned in from behind me and whispered hoarsely in my ear, "Whore, you of all people should know to be quiet in the library."
Mouth still open, my head was forced back and someone shoved something in. It took a moment before I realized I had been gagged with my own musk-scented, super-soaked drawers.
I didn't know who was doing what to me and I didn't care. I wanted it. I wanted it all, whatever was to come from whomever was going to do it.