I am a 32-year-old guy who lives in Germany. My wife Kate is 28-years old, and we have been together for five years now. Let me tell you a little bit about us before we get into the story.
My name is Alex, I'm 5'9", with brown hair, an average body and a high sex drive. But I have recently started going to the gym and you can see the improvements as the six-packs begin to shape. Kate is 5'6", a brunette with a hot body. Her boobs are 34D-cup with large nipples and have very little sag, which makes them look almost too good to be true. She has practically no fat on her body and her figure is 34-24-36 with round, bubbly and just the perfect sized ass.
Both of us have been kind of exhibitionists since as far as I can remember. I don't mind showing my body to strangers any chance I get, and same is the case with Kate. The clothes she usually wears are quite skimpy and accentuate her assets. Most of her wardrobe consists of small, skin-tight skirts and tube/halter tops that are either transparent in nature or have plunging neck lines which means a huge cleavage on display every time for anyone who is lucky to lay their eyes on her.
Besides being extremely hot, she is cute as hell, and I love her very much. This is one of those relationships in which you know from the start, that the ride along will be full of adventure, as both partners are broadminded and trust each other.
The first chapter of this story is about our day at the shopping store and beach, which turned out to be pretty interesting and was the beginning of a new phase in our life. Before this we never had a threesome or sex with anyone outside the marriage and all the cheating was limited to sexual fantasies during our sexual couplings. Here I would specially like to mention that we never explicitly desired to have sex with other people, but it was a kind of understanding between us, that if there was situation like that, we would most likely go through it. Here is how it all started...
It was a hot Saturday in mid-July. The temperatures were approaching 35 degrees Celsius during the day. We had already planned beforehand to go to a lake and swim to cool ourselves, trying to fight mother nature.
I got up early in the morning with my raging hard on bumping into Kate's ass as usual. She was wearing only G-string panties, as we had some good time last night and she didn't bother to wear pajamas. Kate and I have a silent agreement that wearing bra in the night is too much and she always sleeps topless.
I was wearing boxer shorts and the head of my hard cock was protruding from the gap in its buttons and disappeared into the crack of her ass. Naturally, I slid my boxers off and started rubbing my cock up and down her ass. She squirmed a little and then pushed her ass back as I grabbed her boobs and started pulling on her nipples.
Kate suddenly woke up and took a few moments to register her ass moving up and down my shaft. She grabbed my cock, turned around, looked at me and then at my hard cock leaking pre-cum on her hand. "Easy champ," she cooed and wrapped her tongue around the head. All the pre-cum disappeared in her mouth as she swallowed it like a morning protein shake.
"Hmm sweet," she moaned and then lowered the head and took all the length in the mouth till her throat started protesting. She closed her eyes and pushed it even further. My cock grew even bigger and when she started to move her expert lips up and down the full length, I knew it wouldn't take long for me to cum.
Then suddenly she let go, kissed the head and said, "Not now, it's already late; we have to go." I sighed but was happy at the prospect of the day ahead. Afterwards she got up and cleaned off some of the wetness, which had now started going down her thighs, but kept wearing the same G-string panties. We got dressed, packed necessary stuff and were ready to leave, when it turned out that Kate didn't have a clean bikini and we would have to buy one first. So, we headed out with the shopping mall as first destination.
It was already getting hot outside, so I had shorts with t-shirt on. Kate was wearing a short skirt with a semi-transparent light green shirt and a white bra. It was one of her shortest skirts which started under her belly button and stopped at her upper thighs, barely covering her pussy lips and a few inches below it. I was sure if she would bend, her ass cheeks would come into view.
The shirt was very light in color and got really transparent in the sun, showing every detail of her sexy lace bra. She also had the top three buttons undone from which a huge cleavage was visible. The bra was also push-up kind as it threatened to spill her breasts out. I kept looking at her cleavage after every few moments, trying to get a sneak peek at her nipples and got really excited.
Both of us had sunglasses on and enjoyed the weather. All the men and women that we passed on our way to mall, ogled at her cleavage and checked her ass in that tiny and fitting skirt afterwards. I could tell that she was also getting excited from all this attention, as she had started perspiring; I could see the beads of sweat in the valley between her boobs. She rubbed her legs together subconsciously from time to time and kept saying it's too hot.
We reached the mall and headed for the bikini section. It was almost empty, with just one salesgirl sitting idle. She was a redhead, slim, about the same age as Kate, and was wearing the staff uniform with a tight blouse and short skirt. I looked at Kate and noticed she had one more shirt button undone which meant that now her bra was constantly in view and half of her boobs were there for anyone to look at. The bra cup stopped right where the nipples were, so her aureoles were also showing, and her nipples were coming in and out of view.
Her skirt was in no better condition, as it had bunched up a little more at the edge of her hips threatening to expose her pussy. "How may I help you?" We heard a female voice. I turned around and saw it was the same salesgirl. She was looking at Kate, her cleavage, probably seeing her nipples...
"We came here to buy a bikini for my wife..."
She thought for a moment and eyed Kate from top to bottom with an amused look in her eyes and then told us to follow her. We came to the back section where there were a lot of bikinis and other lingerie. She told us to wait right in front of changing room and went to get bikinis.
After some time, she came back holding two pairs -- a black and a white one. Kate told her that she already had a black one at home and she wanted to try white one before buying, to be sure of the size. The girl kept staring at Kate's obscene cleavage with a scandalous look in her eyes and unconsciously bit her lower lip.
Kate told her she was very pretty while smiling and asked her name to break the tension a little bit. "You can call me Liz," she replied, blushing to a deep red color giving an embarrassed smile.
I could tell that Liz was being turned on by Kate's dress and the state of her erect nipples. Maybe she was a lesbian or better yet, bi-sexual....
"Could you please help me with the fitting as Alex is hopeless with this kind of thing?" Kate asked in a sultry voice and started moving towards the changing room with the white pair.
Liz looked around and thought for a bit, as though making a decision and then followed Kate with a dazed look in her eyes.
She positioned Kate in front of the mirror and stood behind her. They didn't close the curtain, so I had the full back view and most of the front view because of the large mirror in front of them.
Liz placed the bikini to the side, brought her hands to the front of Kate and started unbuttoning her shirt. I could see her hands pressing into Kate's boobs. She took off the shirt and then looked at her lace bra 'covered' boobs in the mirror. One of her nipples was in full view. It was erect and rising up and down with her breathing. Liz stared at the nipple and licked her lips as she struggled to open the remaining buttons.
Kate was looking straight into my eyes through the mirror and there was a look of pure lust on her face. I could tell that she was getting really aroused with Liz's thin fingers brushing against her nipples.
With the shirt fully undone, Liz wasted no time and unhooked the bra as the milky white tits spilled into full view. Both of her nipples were hard and looked extremely inviting. Liz took the bikini top and brought it to the front.
As Kate's chest heaved from being excited, Liz made sure that that her hand touched the erect nipples a few times and she actually caressed one of her boobs while putting on the bikini. Kate rubbed her inner thighs again, which was a clear sign that she was getting aroused more and more.
After putting the top on, Liz went down so her face was level with Kate's ass. She took the edges of her sinfully small skirt, pulled it down in one go and took it off. Kate's ass now came into view. The G-string panties hid nothing as the string was buried deep in the crack of her ass.
I was extremely turned on by that time with my hard cock making a visible dent in the thin material of the shorts. The whole scene seemed like a lesbian porn scene to me, except that it wasn't, and I had the exclusive front row seat.
Liz made Kate turn so that both of them were facing each other and let out an audible moan. Her face was extremely close to Kate's pussy as she took a deep breath and inhaled her smell. The tiny patch covering the pussy lips was really wet and the moisture was leaking down to her inner thighs as I could see them glistening in the bright changing room lights.
Liz stopped moving, her face flushed, and she looked as though she wanted nothing more than to bury her face in that wet pussy. Looking straight into Kate's eyes, she brought her hands to the strings and pulled them down.
My wife's smooth shaved pussy came into the view as she put her hand on Liz's head and gently pushed her face into her wet steaming cunt. Liz showed no resistance as she buried her tongue into the dripping pussy as though trying to drink all her juices while moaning at the same time.
I started rubbing my extremely hard cock through the shorts as it demanded immediate attention. Although I had fantasized Kate with other men and women before, I never thought the real experience would be so erotic.
Finally, after what seemed an eternity, Liz pulled her face away, turned back, and looked at my hard cock. She took the forgotten bikini bottoms and pulled them up in one swift motion and guided Kate outside the changing room towards me.
"What do you think?" she asked me with a knowing smile.
I looked at the bikini closely. It was off-white in color with a black lining and seemed to be made of strange thin material. The top had two small cups which started from the base and ended up in the middle of breasts. The cups on the boobs covered the bottom half and her nipples decently, although you could still see the top half of the areola and massive cleavage.
The bottom was made from same material as the top and resembled her G-string panties in shape and size. It had a triangle-shaped cloth in the front, which barely covered her pussy lips and rest was all strings.
"Turn around please," the girl said in a heavy voice as she put her hands on her ass and made her turn as though she needed help. I could tell that she was really excited too and must be dripping wet by now. Her erect nipples were making a visible outline thorough her tight uniform, and she kept scratching her crotch area from time to time.
Kate turned around and gave us a good view of her ass cheeks. The whole ass was shamelessly on display and the string was buried deep inside the ass crack just like her panties. Seeing her ass on blatant display with the string panties made her moan as she turned back and grabbed Liz's face, kissing her hard.
Liz reacted with the same intensity and pushed her tongue into Kate's mouth while rubbing her pussy over the thin fabric of her new panties. Kate started moaning and unbuttoned the top two buttons of Liz's uniform as her modest bra came into view.
With one swift hand motion from Kate, Liz's perky tits came into view. She had extremely inviting small light pink nipples which were standing erect, as though waiting to be sucked.
The whole situation was getting incredibly stimulating, and I had a raging hard-on by now, which demanded desperate attention. So, I sat down on the sofa right there and took out my thick hard cock. It was fully erect and throbbing with pre-cum leaking from the head.
Liz took a hungry glance at the erect cock through the mirror and whispered something to Kate. Kate changed her position a little bit and sat on the display stand. Liz threw the bikinis on the floor making room for Kate to sit and bent her upper torso down, burying her face once more in Kate's wet pussy.
Since Liz was still standing, her ass jutted upwards towards me, and I could see the pink lace panties with wetness in the crotch area. Kate motioned me to come closer and it was all the encouragement I needed.
With my hard, throbbing cock in the hand, I pulled Liz's skirt up and moved her panties to the side revealing smooth tight pink pussy lips. I placed the head of my throbbing cock on her pussy lips, which sent shivers through her body.
Kate must have felt the tremors because she moaned loudly and whispered, "Put your big hard cock in the slut's cunt."
I was about to thrust my cock, already wet from Liz's pussy juices, when suddenly the bell rang, which meant new customers entered the shop. Kate yelped, springing from the table stand which pushed Liz back towards me.
My hard cock slid halfway into her young and wet pussy before both of us could realize what was happening. Both of us froze in time as we could hear the customers talking in the store but also didn't want to let go of this incredibly hot moment.
Meanwhile Kate had gotten dressed up and shook us out of the trance saying, "Not now."
I hurriedly put my hard cock back into my shorts with much difficulty. Liz stood up and wiped her face with her hand, straightened her clothes as fast as she could, and almost ran back to the counter.
There were two other women in the store now looking at the conservative bathing suits. We followed Liz as she nervously completed the transaction for us and said thank you with a weak smile. We took the bikini and left after saying goodbye, feeling hornier than ever.
After leaving the mall we went straight to the car and drove to the beach. The ride was relatively uneventful as both of us were deeply engrossed in our thoughts as to what had happened in the mall.
I had always known that Kate wore revealing clothes to get more attention and appreciation from the opposite sex and perhaps got a thrill out of it too. But this experience in the mall with Liz had left me speechless. It was one of my wildest fantasies come true and by the looks of it she liked it too.
After reaching our destination, we parked the car and walked towards the beach. The whole place was crowded with people, laughing and chatting with each other, with some of them already in their swim wear since it was too hot.
We got in the ticket line, which was not so long, given the number of cars and people headed there. After paying we went straight for the bathrooms to get changed.
I changed into my tight black swimming trunks with bright blue stripes on them and waited for Kate while checking myself in the mirror. The boxer shorts fitted me quite snugly and my soft cock made a noticeable bump in the crotch area.
These were my favorite swimming trunks because of the shape and fitting of the material around the crotch. Once wet, the thin material hugged my skin, leaving very little to the imagination. Plus, the shape of the crotch area meant a huge bulge was always on display no matter the state of my cock.
"Someone is obsessed with themselves," came Kate's voice before she grabbed my ass from behind and playfully pinched my shorts in the front.
She was smiling and looked excited to be finally able to go into the lake and swim. I checked her out and couldn't help but feel proud of my wife.
She was looking extremely beautiful and hot in that new white bikini. The bikini top was covering the bottom half of her tits and there was a generous amount of cleavage on display. I could see both her aureoles going in and out of view, but the nipples were still hidden, although at the edge.
Her bikini bottoms were the thing drawing all the attention from the onlookers. The small triangular patch was covering her pussy lips well, but that was all. The rest of the pubic region around the slit was exposed and so was her ass. The string which was in the back was actually hidden inside the ass crack and whole of perfect hot ass was there on display...
Everyone who passed us looked at her half-exposed boobs and then towards her crotch area. This made me really excited as I felt blood rushing to my rapidly hardening cock, and I was sure that she was also getting excited from all this attention.
Since she was walking a little ahead of me, I had an unobstructed view of her outrageous ass cheeks. This didn't help my situation very much as my rapidly growing erection got even harder. Now it was making a visible tent in my swimming shorts which Kate noticed almost immediately. She stopped, pulled me towards her and gave me a long French kiss, while rubbing her bikini clad pussy on my hard dick.
"Easy champ, we just came here," she moaned in my ear and started running towards the beach laughing. I forgot about my erection and ran after her.
The beach was full of people in bikinis and swimming trunks. We dropped our stuff in the shade, which we found with a little difficulty due to the crowds of people everywhere.
Behind us, was one couple who looked in their mid-30's, with both the girl and guy having gym bodies. In front of us were three towels and mats but they were empty at the moment, since their owners were probably swimming in the lake.
On the right there was a small wall, which separated this section of the beach from nudist part, and on our left, there was another slightly older couple, eyeing us interestedly. After leaving our stuff there, we ran towards the water and dived in. The cold water made Kate scream, but it felt good in the hot sun, and we swam and played in the water.
After some time, we decided to go out and lay down on the beach. As we came out of the water, I looked at Kate's top and almost came in my pants. The wet material of the bikini top was now totally transparent, and it was sticking to her boobs like second skin revealing whole bare tits and puffed-up nipples. Cold water had made the nipples hard, and they looked huge, demanding attention.
I couldn't see the bikini bottom from my point of view, but had an idea what it might be showing given the state of her top. I didn't have to think for long as both guys and girls, whom we passed on our way back, stared at the state of her bikini. One girl actually nudged her friend to look at her with a hungry expression on her face.
All this attention made Kate a little conscious and she gave her bikini a glance while stopping a little. I also looked at her bottoms and wasn't surprised. The triangular patch in between had gone completely transparent just like her top. It was sticking to her pussy and left nothing to the imagination. Kate saw her nipples and pussy on display through the wet bikini, but then acted as if she didn't care and continued towards our towels.
We lied down with our backs towards the sun, looked at each other and smiled. Her face was a little flushed and she kept rubbing her pussy time to time, though the wet bikini bottoms.
The warm air felt good on the skin, and I gradually dozed off to colorful dreams. After some time, I woke up and felt the sun burning on my skin. Kate was now lying straight on her back with a hat on her face. Her bikini top had gotten dry, and it wasn't transparent anymore. But one of the cups had shifted to the side and one of her nipples was constantly showing.
I looked around and the couple behind us was sitting now and looking in our general direction probably checking out Kate's exposed nipple...
The three towels ahead of us were now filled with young guys in their late teens or early 20's. All three of them had glasses on and lying on their stomachs facing us. I couldn't tell if they were sleeping or awake.
I immediately thought of Kate's bikini bottom and looked at it. She had separated her legs in her sleep, probably due to heat, and now they were wide open. The G-string bikini was bunched up in the middle of her pussy lips and still looked wet. Her pussy lips were completely visible and looked quite puffy.
I knew what kind of view these young lads might be having and felt a little jealous, although it also excited me at the same time. The view she was providing was quite enticing and made me even hornier. After some time, she squirmed and got up a little, checking out the state of her top and bikini bottoms and the guys lying in front of us.
To my surprise she left the top as it is with one nipple in full view and rubbed her pussy again with her legs still open as though trying to rearrange the patch 'covering' the lips. Obviously, this didn't help much as I grew even hornier, and I suspected that beach water wasn't the only reason why her crotch was still wet and transparent.
My suspicions were soon confirmed as she whispered in my ear, "I know about the state of my dress and it's making me feel fucking horny. Let's get up and go drink something before I take out your cock right here and put it in my mouth!"
This aroused me even more, as we got up and made our way towards the café. Kate adjusted her bikini on the way and now it looked in much better shape with at least no nipple in view.
Waiting in the line, I surveyed the area and saw the nudist beach sign, leading to a way on the other side of the wall. Kate was also looking in that direction and then she looked at me with a meaningful stare. "Let's go," she eyed me, and I nodded without giving it a second thought.
We had gone to the nudist area once before on one of our visits. But that was our first time and Kate didn't feel quite comfortable going fully nude, so she kept wearing the bikini bottoms although I could tell that she was getting really comfortable with all the nudity.
We took the drinks, went back to grab towels and other stuff and then walked towards the nude beach.
As soon as we entered the nudist area, our eyes were greeted with naked bodies all around. People were lying around, walking, chatting as though it was a normal Saturday afternoon hangout with your partners or friends. This area was also crowded, but not as much as the other beach.
We started searching for a good spot as we walked through the beach. A middle-aged man with tattoos all over his body was coming from the front, going the opposite way. Kate nudged me a little and nodded towards his dick. It was quite thick and hanging softly over his balls and tattooed all the way. We looked at each other, amazed by the inked dick and kept showing different cocks and tits to each other.
After a while, we found a place with smooth grass and beautiful view in front of us. It was relatively secluded with a lot less people. We dropped our stuff and took the clothes off with ease. This time there was no question of whether to keep anything on or take off all. I guess our state of horniness had a part to play with this decision.
A young couple was sitting on our right, a few meters away, who looked and sounded German. The rest of the people were a little further away. We sat down and Kate handed me the sun cream. I squirted a generous amount on her back and started rubbing it all over with ease, as there was no bikini top.
After doing her back, I made her lie down on her stomach and started massaging her legs, slowly moving to her thighs and ass. The thought that I was massaging my totally nude wife in public was making me really excited. I had developed a boner again and it was getting harder every second.
I looked over at the couple sitting near to us and the saw the girl looking at us. She had extremely big tits which were hanging low due to their weight. The guy was lying down with his eyes closed but the girl was sitting, facing us. Her eyes were moving rapidly from my hardening dick to Kate's ass. I got up just to give the girl full view, sat on Kate's thighs and started massaging sun cream on her ass.
My bold move of sitting on her legs in public, surprised Kate a little but she didn't say anything as I knew that was horny and liked my hands on her body.
After applying a large amount of sun cream on both her ass cheeks, I started rubbing and massaging in long slow motions. The German girl licked her lips, looking at us unabashedly as her nipples grew harder.
With every stroke, my fingers got closer and closer to Kate's asshole and pussy. I could tell that she liked it too, as her breathing got heavier. My cock was fully erect now and leaking pre-cum by now on her upper thighs, perhaps due to all the teasing since morning.
I positioned it a bit down and placed it between her ass cheeks from where it moved to the entrance of her pussy lips and stayed there. With the oily hands, I was exclusively massaging the crack of her ass with my thumb circling and rubbing the small tight asshole. I moved a little forward to pull her cheeks apart and concentrate on her asshole, but that move made my mushroom head slip inside her pussy a little. She shuddered at the impact and pushed her hips back as if she wanted it all.
We looked around in panic to see if someone was watching and actually got shocked by the view. The girl had taken the guy's cock in her mouth, and she was slowly giving him blowjob while watching us at the same time. The guy was still lying down with his eyes closed, probably enjoying the feeling of her lips around his hard cock.
I was getting really horny by all this public exposure and sex, and I pushed my hard cock inside her wet pussy while playing with her asshole. One of my fingers was now inside her tight hole and I was slowly fucking her ass with it while my hard cock slowly fucked her steaming pussy.
She was making constant moaning sounds now and I knew she wanted to get fucked hard and cum real bad. I started fucking both her pussy and ass, deeper and faster as she started moving her hips matching my motions of my hand and cock.
Feeling my orgasm building, I knew that she was close too due to all the erotic experiences since morning and not being able to cum. At the same time, we heard a loud moan and looked at the couple near us.
The girl was now pumping the dick with her hand while she had the head in her mouth as she watched us fucking. The guy's thick and hard cock was all wet with her saliva and looked ready to explode. She kept on her assault until his big balls contracted and started jerking, signaling the approaching signs of orgasm. She deep throated his cock in one final motion, taking all the semen in her mouth and then swallowed it, without wasting even a single drop. By this time, I could feel my orgasm approaching and Kate's body was also making jerking movements, which meant she was going to cum soon.
Then all of a sudden, a whole family of ten or twelve people came out from behind the trees and started walking in our direction. I stopped fucking her with much difficulty as the only thing I wanted right now was to cum inside her warm wet pussy. But we had to stop since the family was coming closer and closer and there was a chance that they might see us.
Kate sighed loudly when I took my hard cock out from her pussy, clearly frustrated over being so close but not being able to cum. We stood up and went to the water to take a dip. After cooling a little in the water, we came back and lay on the towels again. By this time the sun was the raining fire, and we got dry pretty quickly even though we were sitting in the shade.
The couple close to us had left and there wasn't much activity going on, until I heard the footsteps approaching.
I looked around and saw two black guys, holding mats and towels and coming towards us. Both of the guys were muscular and ripped with perfect six-packs, as though chiseled out by sharp tools. They were wearing some strange design underwear which was weird since it was a nude beach. The guys stopped right in front of us and started talking in thick accent.
"Hi, we are the masseurs on the beach and currently running a campaign to build our portfolio. Would you like a free massage?"
I thought about it for a sec and said, "No, thanks," as I was not keen on having a massage by semi-naked guys at a nude beach. Kate had woken up during this commotion and was now checking the guys out through her glasses, focusing specially on their underwear.
I looked over myself and couldn't blame her for staring. The underwear was made of one small, white piece of clothing, holding the dick inside, like a pouch. But it was also open from the top. So essentially, they were half wrapped inside a small white cloth, and you could actually see their dark black heads poking in and out of view.
The rest of the underwear consisted of a single string around the lower waist area for the purpose of support. I couldn't help but notice that both of them were especially thick and long. Even though they were soft, I could make out a good six to seven inches length, with a girth so wide that you could not wrap your hand around it fully.
Kate was also getting the same view, and behind the safety of the shades, she seemed to be mesmerized by the obscene display.
"Could you please give more details about the massage?" she asked, seeming genuinely interested.
One of the guys placed his stuff on the ground and took out a couple of pamphlets. After handing me one, he approached Kate, sat down beside her and started explaining their new and innovative techniques.
But doing so resulted in his fat cock being pushed completely out of the pouch as it rested across his legs in complete view of us. Through my angle of view, I could see Kate's eyes fixed on his massive manhood as she kept nodding her head and pretended to listen.
She asked them a few more questions related to massage, all the while shamelessly staring at the chocolate-colored monster.
The guys told her that there was a more secluded area at the beach where they plan to do the massage and she could have privacy from prying eyes.
"What do you think honey, it's a free massage after all," she said to me without moving her eyes from his crotch area.
"I am not in the mood," I replied, without thinking again.
"Ok then, it seems like only I am going to have a massage," she said slyly, and started getting up.
I was surprised by Kate's slutty behavior, but most of all shocked at my own rapidly growing erection. The guys helped her to get up and told her she didn't need anything else, as they had all the necessary stuff.
"See you in a bit honey," Kate winked at me, as I watched my fully naked, horny wife leave with two tall and muscular black guys. Though the first thing I felt was jealousy, but it was immediately followed by the feeling of arousal at the prospect of my horny wife with these two hunks with huge cocks, rubbing their hands all over her body and probably some of the places they shouldn't.
After they left, I couldn't focus on anything and kept thinking about how the two pairs of hands would be roaming all over my wife's oily and slick body. Just imagining the guys pouring oil on her ass and tits made my dick fully hard and I had to lie down on my stomach trying to hide my erection.
Another twenty minutes passed, and I gradually dozed off, imagining Kate giving a blowjob to one guy and jerking off the other one...
After some time, I woke up, really anxious and then remembered Kate leaving with the guys.
I looked at my watch and saw it had been almost an hour and evening was approaching. And then I saw her walking back towards me and sat up.
She was alone, still completely nude and looked a bit disheveled. After giving me a quick kiss, she sat down, reaching for the water bottle at the same time. After drinking half the bottle, she finally lay down, putting her head in my lap.
Her whole body, except the hair, was slick with oil, giving her an extremely hot and glossy look. Her nipples were standing up, all oiled and shining in the weak sunlight, and even her pussy lips were looking puffy, with a layer of oil or her own juices over them.
I got extremely aroused by this image in front of me and my dick started getting hard again. She noticed immediately and adjusted her head so that her mouth was now resting against the length, as though cuddling it.
"Well, how was it?" I asked casually as I knew I had to play it cool, because of not knowing what had happened and how she might be feeling.
"Oh, it was wonderful baby. Those guys were really nice and spent a lot of time on me," she told me with a small smile.
"How nice of them! Hope it helped," I said casually again, not showing my eagerness by trying to get more information.
"Yeah, isn't it? We took a shower first, as it was their requirement that the body must be really clean."
"We?" I interjected, cutting her off mid-sentence.
"Yeah, they also had to take a shower, and since the shower place in the nudist part is common for men and women, we decided not to waste time and took a shower together. You don't mind that, do you?"
I had seen the shower area on my previous visit and was quite surprised to see men and women taking showers together. It was a small area with just four shower places, side by side, with a wall around it.
"No, of course not, go on..." I said hurriedly, feeling extremely aroused.
"Well, since they were being so professional, I decided to be a good customer and cleaned myself good. Specially after the experiences from the morning and mid-day, I was really concerned about my pussy getting infected. So, I washed it thoroughly. I think that they were looking at me while I cleaned it, but since they were about to give me a massage, I was like, 'There's nothing they won't see or haven't seen here before...' You don't think it was too much, do you?" she said in sultry voice.
My cock was throbbing just listening to her explanation and her warm breath was not helping either. She knew I that I got turned on by her exposing her body to strangers and she was taking advantage of the situation. I decided to play along since now I wanted to hear the full experience and said with a smile
"Oh no, it's quite normal for guys to stare, especially here at the nude beach."
"Well yeah, I thought so too, and that's why I went along with it. Anyways, after taking a shower, we went to a secluded area, surrounded by trees mostly. There was a stone platform right in the middle, just like a massage table. The guys put the soft mat on the platform and told me to lie down."
"I climbed the platform with little help from them and lay down on my belly. As I was already nude, therefore I told them that there is no need for the towel, as it will just get in the way. Hope you don't mind?" my wife said, while licking my throbbing cock with her tongue.
"Oh no, of course not," I replied hurriedly, since I wanted to hear more. "So, what happened next?"
"Well darling, they started by pouring lots of oil on my body which spread to almost all the areas."
She stopped the story, took my whole cock in her mouth and sucked on it for a few minutes before taking it in her hand again and started pumping...
"One guy took the top position towards my head and the other started working straight on my hips. He explained that this is a new type of massage, very popular with housewives and married women since they are not as shy as unmarried girls. They said I could give them a feedback afterwards if I liked it or not."
"The guy towards the top, who was playing with my shoulders, took the oil bottle and poured it on his chest and abs. The oil slid down to his underwear and made it all wet and transparent. Since my face was just a few inches from his torso, I could see everything in great detail and I finally I got the point of why they were wearing such underwear. The wet and oily cloth stuck to his big dick like a second skin and left nothing to the imagination. And darling, his dick was so big that I couldn't take my eyes off it as it kept jiggling while he massaged my bare back and shoulders."
"I am not going to lie to you," Kate continued. "At this point I wanted to grab his huge oily cock and feel it in my hand, mouth and inside my body. Oh honey, I was so turned on by their big hands touching me everywhere, that I didn't even care how big the cocks were and if my wet pussy would be able to handle them."
By this time, I could feel my rapidly approaching orgasm and the familiar sensations of ecstasy gripped my body.
"Did you grab his big hard cock?" I managed to ask while breathing heavily.
"Oh no, but something better happened," Kate whispered as she could also feel my balls tightening... "To reach my lower back, the top guy moved his body closer to me and suddenly his huge shiny black dick was resting on my lips. All I could think was how hard and big it was with big pulsating veins. The mushroom head was almost the size of a tennis ball, and I was worried if I could fit it in my mouth."
At this point I couldn't contain my orgasm and started cumming without warning all over her hand. This was most explosive orgasm I had in a while and my cum landed on her face and tits while the rest of it covered her hand.
Kate looked at me with the sluttiest expression and kept jerking me off. "I knew you would love it honey and since I was so horny, all I wanted was to take his massive shaft in my mouth. But then I realized that I had totally forgotten about the second guy."
Kate was clearly very horny still, as she took my cum-covered cock and sucked it clean. I couldn't believe that it was still hard even after I had shot my spunk and jerked upwards as more blood rushed to keep it hard.
Kate continued jerking with her hand and continued.
"His hands were going all over my ass touching my wet pussy and occasionally rubbed my asshole while opening my ass cheeks as much as possible. My body had responded itself by opening my legs on both sides so that he could have better access. I could feel my pussy yearning for his steel thickness and keeping myself still was all I could do so that he has ease of access."
"After making sure that my back was fully massaged and I was fully aroused, they grabbed me gently and rolled me over on my back, telling me that next part was the best part of the massage. The top guy immediately put oil on my tits and started massaging them, while focusing on my rock-hard nipples. He was even closer now and his huge throbbing cock was sitting on my face, massaging it at the same time. I could smell his massive cum-filled balls and taste the steel shaft on my open lips and tongue."
Listening to this in vivid detail had kept me hard even after shooting my load and I could feel my balls working hard towards next orgasm.
"What about the second guy babe, did you let him finger your pussy and asshole?" I asked her with a heavy voice.
She started stroking me again with one hand and with the other hand she rubbed her pussy and continued, "The second guy also poured oil on his abs and specially his dick. It was not the longest but the girth was almost the double of average. He had removed the underwear and was completely naked and fully hard."
"I couldn't imagine my pussy being able to handle such a thick cock, and just thinking about it made my pussy lips twitch, as I could feel my orgasm building. He climbed on top of the platform and put his hands on my sides and his legs between my open legs with ease. His oily body started rubbing against my body as his rapidly hardening cock massaged my pussy and ass. He positioned his cock at the entrance to my spread open pussy and started humping me while giving me the special body to body massage. As soon as the uncovered head of his cock touched my pussy, my body started convulsing and I started cumming. With both my nipples being mauled, by face covered with a giant dick and another monster dick teasing my pussy I kept cumming until I almost fainted"
"Soon, I came back to my senses, both the guys were now packing their stuff and getting ready to leave. I thanked them with a weak voice, but with much gratitude and told them this was the best massage I ever had. I also asked for their contact number for future massage sessions if ever needed since I enjoyed it so much."
After Kate had finished her story, I grabbed her face and attacked her mouth with my tongue as she fought back with her tongue and kept jerking me. "Wish I was there to see this all and possibly more," I whispered in her ear, while rubbing her pussy, still oily from the massage she got earlier.
Kate's moans and overflowing pussy juices suggested that she was still extremely horny and needed to be fucked properly.
Suddenly, she got up and looked around as if she had a new idea. There were not many people around us anymore and the young couple had also left. One white guy, who seemed to be in his 40's was lying down a few meters away, just in front of us and looking in our direction.
He looked fit and tanned with a muscular body and smiled at Kate when she looked at him. Kate gave a small laugh in return and nodded reassuringly as if saying it is ok to look and we don't mind at all.
The guy had been probably watching us for a while now and probably just needed a little nudge as he got up, picked up his towel and put it right next to us saying in a very gentlemanly way, "Hi, My name is Mark, I hope you don't mind if I join you?"
My dick throbbed at this sight, and I couldn't believe what was transpiring. I couldn't help but appreciate his muscular athletic body and semi hardened veiny cock.
Kate was sort of mesmerized by this situation but decided to keep playing. I guess taking a long look at the strangers semi hard cock helped her in this decision too.
I panicked a little bit in the start since this was completely new for us but noticing the desire on Kate's face made me extremely horny and the blood started rushing to my throbbing dick again.
At that point I understood what my body was trying to tell me all along, I wanted this guy to pleasure Kate in any way she desired. There was no jealousy anymore, no envy, just pure lust and longing for some hung stranger to fuck and pleasure my wife while I am watching.
"Of course not, feel free to hang with us and enjoy." I smiled at Mark and pulled Kate towards me in a way that her back was towards him. I looked around one last time to see if people were around us, but it was almost empty, with very few people quite far away from us since it was getting late.
Satisfied and relaxed, I put on my sunglasses to enjoy the last rays of sunset on the water and trees and lied down facing Kate and the stranger. Seeing me relaxed also made Kate confident as she got on all fours and pushed her head down on my hard dick with her ass sticking out upwards and towards the stranger.
Mark was half sitting and half lying down now, right next to Kate's ass and touched his big dick which was more than 8 inches now but still not fully hard. From his point of view, he could see every small detail on her asshole and dripping pussy.
I could tell that Kate was extremely turned on, as her pussy juices were dripping on her thighs now and I could see them sparkling in the last light of the sun. Suddenly her whole body jerked and tensed, and she almost bit my cock as the stranger put his hand on her pussy and started rubbing the wet lips.
Kate started moaning, as she couldn't control the feelings of lust and pure desire. Mark put the finger in his mouth and sucked Kate's juices while his other hand was on her pussy with two fingers inside slowly fucking her wet and married pussy. At that point, she started squirming and rocking her hips back and forth on his long thick fingers.
I could tell that Kate was excited beyond imagination, since she was mauling my cock with her mouth and taking it deep in her mouth as I was getting very close to an explosive orgasm.
Suddenly she stopped the blowjob and got up a little bit with my dick still in her hand. I looked at her and saw that she had a dazed expression in her eyes, almost animalistic, as she turned to the guy and put her face directly on this thick bronze and veiny cock. With one hand still holding my cock, she grabbed the base of his thick veiny shaft and took it straight in her mouth. Like an expert she licked the whole length of his steel shaft and the huge balls beneath.
I couldn't believe how lucky I was seeing my sweet hotwife, ravaging a huge monstrous cock on a public beach. The guy was breathing more heavily now and there was a constant stream of precum from the top of the mushroom head.
Kate tried to keep up with licking and cleaning the precum while also sucking his balls and deep throating him as best as she could. The giant pulsating dick was just too much to fully deep throat and she could barely manage to keep it there oozing precum in her throat. Mark rubbed his hands on her pussy and thighs and spread the wetness all over her ass glistening in the last rays of the sun.
After sucking him for a while and making sure he was fully hard, Kate brough her face close to the Mike's and whispered in the sultriest voice, "Fuck me."
With that said, she again tuned towards me and took my whole dick in her mouth and kept it there, deep throating me to the full extent. Mark tried to look for something in his bag, but Kate took his hand stopping him and said, "I want to feel you inside me bareback and skin to skin... Don't worry I am on the pill."
I couldn't believe what I was seeing and hearing from my lovely and slutty wife. I had never seen her this horny before and this gave me a feeling of wild arousal. I was proud of my wife sucking and fucking a total stranger in the public and somehow this made me hornier than ever.
Mark got up halfway and positioned his extremely big cock at the entrance of her pussy, rubbing the wetness all over. From my vantage point I could see the big bulbous head of his cock glistening in the weak sunlight while her juices ran all the way to his balls. Her pussy lips were twitching at every contact as she closed her eyes momentarily and stopped every motion except gently pushing her horny and wet pussy towards this huge cock.
He started entering her pussy slowly inch by inch as he kept pushing it inside until almost 8 inches were gone from view. I am sure that Kate never that this big a dick in her life, so seeing her take it easily made sure that she was wet and horny beyond limits...
I could see her slowly grinding her pussy and rotating her oily ass cheeks in a perfect motion to accommodate all of his steel shaft. Then she put both the hands on her ass cheeks and pulled them to the sides spreading her wet pussy further and giving this handsome stranger unrestricted view of her waxed and smooth asshole.
The blowjob that she was giving me had stopped, as all her focus had shifted to fit this rock-hard huge cock in her pussy. But I was kind of thankful because my cock was on the verge of erupting, and it was all I could do to keep going. Mark spat on her asshole and rubbed it with his right thumb as he started to fuck Kate's married pussy.
Soon they went into a fast rhythm with his huge cock disappearing completely in her wet pussy, stretching it to the maximum and Kate thrusting back on it so as to bury it deep as much as possible. After fucking for what seemed like an eternity, their thrusts became harder and faster, with each thrust making a slapping sound on her cheeks.
Kate was moaning with every thrust now as she took my ready to burst cock in her mouth again and started bobbin her mouth up and down matching the thrusts from being fucked raw by the stranger's shaft.
Mark's body tensed and whispered with a heavy voice "Am gonna cum..."
"Cum in my pussy!" Kate screamed, while thrusting back as much as possible, while her pussy milked the stranger's thick cock.
Seeing my wildest fantasy come true, I started cumming in her mouth as Kate's body started convulsing, which meant she was also cumming at the same time. Mark also made a final thrust, grabbed both her cheeks, spread them open and buried his long shaft to the deepest point in her pussy and started shooting his load. Kate's whole body was twitching while she almost screamed with her eyes closed "YESSS CUMM IN ME... OOHH OHH."
After what seemed like an eon, our orgasms ended, and we lied down for a few minutes together with Mark still inside her pussy and me caressing Kate's puffed nipples and kissing her.
Then, the three of us went straight to the water, in a bliss from our mutual orgasms. After showering and cleaning in the water, went back, said goodbye to each other and left for home as the night was already approaching. The ride on the way back was serene and relaxed as both of us kept smiling at each other and held hands assuring our love for each other.
To be continued...