The shuttle hummed to a stop, not that the passengers could perceive it, nestling into the station's dock a mere moment before the doors opened. Johnny stepped apprehensively out with the crowd, moving toward a map of the station. He downloaded it for twenty credits, leaving him with a balance of ninety-four. Wading through the packed corridors into the greater station, a lobby unfolded from behind a door: a huge city orbiting a gas giant. The transparent ceiling was half-covered by the planet Saratoa, eerily beautiful even if it seemed far too close for comfort, with the distant star a bright spot in the vast speckled black.
With the advent of the Jump Engine, exploration had begun in earnest and some two hundred Earth years on, several exciting planets had been found. Many had been settled, and others were being studied, millions of humans working together to spread across the galaxy. Johnny had dabbled in the colonial life, but for many reasons he found himself constantly moving on to the next place. Now he was here, at the office of a travelling stud service. He stopped at the door, considering the position he'd been offered and the one he now found himself in.
The door opened and a thin, smirking woman ushered him in. "How long were you going to stand out there? You must be Johnny, come in please, I'm Margo." She led the way into the office with a chipper, bouncy air and flip of her auburn hair. "Don't let any of these reprobates fool you, we're quite a reputable organization."
"You sound more suspicious than we ever could," another woman said, sitting on the desk nearest the door in the large room. A dozen in total made up the present staff, eight of them women and all looking at him appraisingly.
One desk was the focal point of the office, and the woman who was clearly in charge stood from behind the wide, oak-shaded thing. Annette Jenkins was businesslike, dignified in her mature beauty, but something about her smile seemed slyly playful. "Johnny? It's nice to finally meet you. I'm Annette Jenkins, I offered you this job."
Johnny nodded, taking her offered hand. "Nice to meet you, too."
"How was the trip?"
Johnny shook his head, "Not great," he admitted. "Sorry I'm late."
Annette Jenkins gave him a warm smile, not big but sweet and sincere. "We heard about the attack on that freighter at the waystation. We're just glad you're alright."
"Well, thanks," Johnny said bashfully. "Is this the interview now?"
"Something like that." She motioned to a chair before her desk as she sat in her own, and Johnny was examined from a dozen angles as he sat in it. "People often come into this office with a lot of misconceptions about what we do. What does the word stable mean to you?"
"Firmly set," Johnny said, shrugging. "And as I understand it, this organization makes available sperm to lady colonists who don't know many people they aren't related to. As far as I've been told, this is done through traditional methods."
"That's the most common way," Annette Jenkins said, tenting her fingers and arching her brow as she glanced at him. "We're in the business of pleasing our customers, and they appreciate a personal touch with our service. The difference between a stud service such as ours and a cum catalog is in our studs' ability to create that positive emotional experience."
Johnny nodded. "And legally, the baby is solely the responsibility of the mother?"
"Of course; it's why she's paying us. Do clients fall in love with studs, causing problems? Sometimes. Do studs ever develop feelings for a client or for some reason imagine they had paternal rights? It has happened, yes. It's my job to deal with things like that. Of course, I prefer not having to, so the script based on our interviews and research is designed to maximize pleasure and minimize any attachment, drama or conflict."
"Except when they're totally into getting whipped," said Margo. "Like, 'Give it to me, you stud, spank me like a naughty bitch and impregnate me.'"
"That doesn't really happen," said the nearest of the men, stepping forward. He was casually dressed while the office staff seemed to have a strict dress code and wore the cocky smile of a man who got paid to put his sperm in women as he sat on the edge of Annette Jenkins' desk. "It's usually the impotent husband who wants you to impregnate a bitch."
"This is Buck," said Annette Jenkins. "We're going to ask you some questions. This where we all learn whether you could do this job. Are you ready?"
"I'm always ready," said Johnny.
"Good start," she replied with a smile.
"What would you do in a situation like that?" asked Buck. "Where the dick husband wants his bitch punished for being in heat when he can't get it up?"
Johnny sat back, frowning as he considered. "I guess... I think... bitches in heat should be treated kindly? I wouldn't spank her just because her dick husband told me too."
"What if he insisted? Or slap her around to show you how?"
Johnny didn't need a lot of time to think about that one. "I'd be more likely to hit him," he said. "If a woman doesn't want a thing, I'm not gonna do it to her."
"Excellent," said Annette Jenkins, writing in her book. "He reminds me of you, Buck, when we were just starting out."
"Doesn't have my jawline," Buck assessed, running his thumb along it. "How many partners have you had, Johnny?"
Johnny frowned, shrugging in attempt at nonchalance. "Not a lot."
The stud smirked. "How many is that?"
"One," Johnny admitted. "I was with my girlfriend for six years. I'd like to think I got reasonably good at sex in that time, we were pretty adventurous, but in pure numbers..."
"That must be what kept him so clean," said a woman who wore a lab coat over her business suit so there would be no question that she was a doctor. She smiled at Johnny, tucking a stray lock behind her ear, and adjusted her glasses. "I'm Wendy, and I was impressed by all your results. Do you have any children with your girlfriend?"
"No, she's one of those 'let humans die out' people," Johnny said.
The employees of the stable, predictably, didn't vote for the Human Extinction Party. "Is that why you broke up?" asked Margo with interest.
Johnny shrugged. "I never really cared much, one way or the other."
"Why did you split?" asked Buck.
Johnny frowned as he considered, first whether the answer was within the purview of the company, but he guessed no personal information was too personal when you had a job impregnating women through sexual congress. Next, he thought about an answer, a succinct reason for the break-up that wouldn't come across as him being dumped, but it took some careful explaining to make it a mutual thing. "She had a lot of interests," he said slowly. "Causes. For most of our time together, they were 'our causes', but she started pushing to get involved with some stuff I didn't really want to do. I guess she felt stifled by our relationship, but what she wanted seemed too extreme for me."
"Are you talking about sex?" asked Buck.
"Sex was part of it," Johnny admitted. "We grew apart, I guess, because I was starting to think about settling down, and she was thinking more about three-ways, and joining a faction, and... maybe this isn't a 'settling down' gig. I haven't totally decided what I want to do. I just know I don't want to join a faction."
"Or a three way?"
"Not the kind she wanted," Johnny assured him, letting himself get carried away. "There were these guys, the 'leadership' of this faction who thought it would be, like, so rad if they had sex with her in front of me, to show me how a real man does it. She's all like, 'gee whiz, Johnny! How about these guys insult you while they bend me over and stick their dicks in me? That sounds like fun! What do you think?' Well, I didn't think it sounded like much fun. I declined, and she left, presumably to fuck those guys while they insulted my manhood behind my back."
Johnny's face was burning that he used that language in a job interview, but they smiled sagely. Buck leaned to whisper to Annette Jenkins, and she nodded. "How long ago did you break up?" she asked.
"Uh..." he counted it out on his fingers. "Almost three weeks."
"Is that really all?" Annette Jenkins asked in surprise.
"Are you saying you got dumped from your only serious relationship, and you immediately decided to become a stud for hire?" Margo scoffed. Annette Jenkins glanced at her reprovingly, but the receptionist wouldn't back down. "Don't you think someone with so little experience is in danger of getting too attached?" They still looked displeased about the interruption while interested in an answer.
Johnny frowned slightly as he considered. "I dunno," he said finally. "I loved Madison, I guess; we went through a lot and always had fun together. I kept having sex with her when she totally changed her look, and started going by Foxglove, and got that stupid tattoo, but I didn't really love that chick so much. When we broke up, I was already kind of over it. I need a job, and this one... it seems like something I can do."
"Did you ever fuck Madison in front of other people?" Buck asked, and after Johnny shook his head, he asked, "What about Foxglove?"
"Well... once she took on that persona, she got... really adventurous. We did it in public, people saw us, but I don't think anybody was really watching."
"There are gigs in this job where people are going to want to watch," Buck said. "A few colonies make a sort of event out of the new blood. How do you feel about spectators? Think you could perform under those conditions?"
Johnny swallowed uncertainly as he considered. "I think so, but I guess it'll be hard to know for sure until I try."
Buck and Annette look satisfied by the response. "How ready are you to fuck somebody new?" Annette Jenkins asked.
Johnny nodded, hoping her seductive smile meant she was offering herself. "Extremely," he said.
"Margo," said Annette Jenkins, glancing at her. "Is next on the list for testing out..."
"Pass," Margo said, waving her hand dismissively.
"Ooh, me!" said Wendy eagerly, before he even had time to register the rejection.
"I'm pretty sure Sara's up after Margo," Buck said, winking to the side, which made Johnny glance over there.
Another woman raised her hand nervously, standing up from her desk. "Hi, I'm Sara," she said.
"Hi," said Johnny to her, standing from his chair to meet her for a shake, then looked back. He wasn't sure of the protocol but decided that if he was going to be a stud for hire, he couldn't afford to give it away for free. "Am I going to get paid for this, or is it just to like... prove myself?"
"If you can satisfy Sara, you've got the job, and you'll be paid based on performance," Buck said. "As mentioned in the correspondence, that's a thousand guaranteed per completed encounter with a two hundred percent impregnation bonus. And it just so happens, Sara's been waiting for this turn for a reason, right Sara?"
Sara blushed even more, smiling so hard she started to cry. "We've been trying for so long. Bucky and Annette... Margo... uh, Johnny... thanks so much, you guys..."
Johnny nodded, smiling down at Sara, who was short and on the round side: round cheeks, round little smile, round everything. She was older than him, but kind of cute, her button nose sprayed with round little dots, brown on slightly lighter brown but pretty noticeable. "I like your freckles," he told her. Her cheeks darkened until her pretty freckles just about disappeared, but he liked that too. "What can I do to satisfy you today, Sara?"
Sara squealed in delight. Annette Jenkins and Buck watched from behind the desk, and both nodded approvingly. Margo was the only one that didn't look impressed. "Did you get a look at a script already or something?" she said, accusingly.
Johnny ignored her, taking a small step toward the woman about to become his second lover. She was at least six inches shorter than Madison, so it felt a little awkward for a moment, but Johnny shook the thought of his ex out of his head so he could focus better on this new experience. He met Sara's eyes and he could see the reason in them. She loved somebody else, and only wanted one thing from him, but that was cool with Johnny. This was exactly what he had signed up for.
"So," he said softly, touching her face. "You're looking for some semen?"
Sara bit the side of her bottom lip, turning her round mouth onto a teardrop ready to spill from an edge. She nodded bashfully.
"That's great," he told her. "I'd love to give you something to bring home with you. Something in here..." he put his hand on her belly, and she leaned into him, nodding. "Your body feels so hot," he whispered, bending toward her ear.
"It does?" she asked.
"Mmhmm," Johnny said, holding her a little tighter. "You feel so... mm, I don't know, inviting I guess...? Receptive, does that make sense?"
"He read the script, and he's fucking mocking it!" Margo hissed.
Other office ladies whispered concurrently, but Johnny ignored them all except Sara, who he began to explore with his hands. He crouched a little more, getting closer and whispering lower. "You smell hot, too," he said. "You smell fertile and ready."
"Yes," Sara agreed breathlessly. "Yes, I want to get pregnant so fucking bad!"
"I want to help you with that," Johnny assured her. He lifted her and took her to the desk where she'd been sitting before. "And I want to make sure you enjoy it."
He heard Annette Jenkins change positions, her chair creaking subtly, but again, Johnny kept his focus firmly on Sara as he set her on her desk. He caressed her gently along her side as she lay back, and felt out her full, round breasts. She squirmed at his touch, but it was an excited, eager movement, rubbing against his hand as much as his hand rubbed her.
"Give it to me, Johnny," Sara said, her fingers moving through his hair, pulling him closer.
"You bet, Sara," he agreed, opening his pants. He was almost surprised how readily his cock responded in this situation, the pressure of the job interview, diving in with a woman he'd just met and who wasn't really his type, physically speaking. He'd expected to be nervous, maybe even have difficulty performing, but found his manhood throbbing, growing toward its full size and hardening to rigidity. If anything, the audience made this hotter. He took his swollen manhood in his hand as it sprang from his boxers and stroked it as Sara hiked her skirt up, revealing plain white cotton panties.
Sara glanced up, blushing. "I wasn't expecting anyone to see them; it was Margo's turn."
Johnny chuckled, shaking his head. "They look fine, but if you feel really strongly about it, you could take them off."
Sara's full round lips parted breathlessly, showing her round white teeth in a little smile, as she squirmed from her underwear. She let her legs fall wide open, revealing her pussy to him, to all of them watching without any shame at all. She was so sure of what she wanted, and Johnny thought that was attractive, sexy. He wanted to give her what she wanted, to satisfy her, and not just to get this job. As Johnny lined his bulging head with the slowly leaking hole, smearing her thick juices along the bottom of his shaft, he thought this could be more than employment. As his dick slid slowly into her eager, soft, inviting vagina, he felt like he had found his calling.
"Mm, Johnny," Sara said, looking up at him from beneath her eyelashes. "Your cock is pretty big."
"Thanks," Johnny replied.
"I can feel how hard it is," she moaned as it slipped in further.
"Me too," Johnny agreed.
"Oh, Johnny," she said. "Deeper, Johnny, please..."
Swirling his hips, bending over her, Johnny smiled down as the last inch of his cock disappeared into her and their flesh came together with a soft slap. "How's that?"
"So good," she moaned, grinding around him, pulling him tighter with her legs around his waist.
"What's your husband's name?" Johnny asked, chancing a glance at Annette Jenkins as she narrowed her eyes slightly.
"It's Kingsley," Sara said. "Did you read a script?"
"I've read lots of scripts," Johnny said. "I was in an acting troop."
Sara laughed, and then gasped as he lifted her by her hips, pushing in deeper. "Really?"
"Yeah," Johnny said. "Only briefly. So do you think Kingsley will be a good dad?"
"Yes," Sara moaned. "He wants a son so much... It's part of the reason I even took this job; there's no way we could have paid the fees."
Johnny glanced again at the bosses, and she'd obviously been up front with them about that. "You must be worth a lot to this organization."
Sara giggled nervously, blushing adorably. She panted as she met his thrusts with more energy. "I guess so. They're just really great people. Annette and Bucky. They're going to be like my baby's grandparents."
"I don't think Annette is old enough for that," Johnny chuckled.
"Thank you!" said Annette Jenkins, and they all laughed.
Though having the weirdest experience in a life full of bizarre mishap, Johnny found himself surprisingly at ease, laughing along as he swirled his hips, making Sara shudder and cry out. She put a hand on his shoulder, and he leaned down, one hand going beneath her. He lifted her easily without withdrawing and bounced her by her nice, round ass as he carefully turned to sit.
Safely seated with Sara's knees on the desk, Johnny smiled as she did exactly what he had hoped for and began to take control. To ride him. Her enraptured motions made his dick throb, and he could tell from her hungry smile that she was perfectly aware of it. He thought that was gorgeous, sexy.
Johnny lay back, stroking her smooth round thighs softly as they clenched around his hips. He could feel the way she was clenching inside, too, around his manhood, and it felt amazing. "Sara," he sighed. "Your thirsty pussy feels so good."
"Yeah," Sara moaned, grinding her hot, moist opening around him. "It feels so good. So good..."
"I'm going to come soon," he told her.
"Yes!" she shrieked. Just the mention of fertile ejaculate made her sopping hole that much wetter. "Yes, please!"
"I'm gonna plant my seed deep inside you," Johnny purred, smiling blissfully.
Sara bounced faster, ecstatic. Her body held him tighter around his throbbing cock, begging for his load. "Yes!" she agreed shrilly. "Yes! Yes! Yes! Give it to me, Johnny! Put your sperm deep into me, please! I want to have a baby!"
That was enough for Johnny. The troubles in his relationship had begun when he'd expressed an interest in passing on his genes to Madison and sometimes it seemed that every extreme move she made was away from him, the thought of reproducing with him. That his cum was now sought after, that the woman riding him was literally begging for it, made Johnny's dick throb faster and harder. It made the raising toward his climax more exciting than he could recall. It made his orgasm intense and powerful and somehow more personal with this acquaintance and co-worker than he had felt with his girlfriend of six years.
Sara thanked him excitedly and sincerely as he delivered what she wanted in a series of spurts. She raised herself with a sigh and left his wet dick swaying and beginning to soften. She picked her panties up in a low bow as the spectators offered some applause and was blushing like crazy when she turned back to him and kissed him on the cheek. "Thanks so much, Johnny. Kingsley says thanks, too."
"My pleasure," he assured her. "I hope it... works out, and not just for the three thousand credits." He sat up as she walked toward the back, giving Annette and Buck thumbs up and a little giggle as she went by.
"Well, there we have it," Buck said. "The job is yours if you want it, Johnny; you seem to be a natural."
"Natural, my ass," Margo hissed. "He's seen a fucking script. Just fess up."
"Fess up to what?" Buck asked. "Doing research before a job interview? What's your problem with that, exactly?"
Margo glared at Johnny, and he smiled back as he tucked the tool of his new trade safely back into his pants. "I just don't like him," she maintained. "There's something fishy about him."
"Don't mind her," said Annette Jenkins, rising to offer her hand. "Well done, Johnny. Welcome aboard."
"Thanks," Johnny said, smiling as his slightly soiled hand met hers and she clasped tight despite the dampness. He had a feeling that this job would be more than just a job. He'd still be moving around, maybe farther out than he'd ever gone, but after doing that his whole life it felt natural. For the first time, it seemed he had a firmly set base to go back to, at least for now.