I still remember how I felt when I received it, my draft notice. It seems that my friends and neighbors had decided that I deserved an unsought tour of Southeast Asia. I knew it was possible, especially since the government had discontinued the college deferments, but I was still shocked. It all seemed so unreal.
Basic training was grueling and exhausting. I learned many things which I hoped would help keep me alive. My year and a half of pre-med in college helped me in a couple of ways. I qualified for officers' candidate school, and as a medic.
As a draftee, I was only obligated to serve two years. If I accepted the commission, I would have to serve a three year tour, most likely as a combat platoon commander in the field. I decided that two years as a medic sounded better.
I was transferred to the army school and briefed on their schedule. 0400 to 0445 mandatory physical conditioning, 0445 to 0530 breakfast/ personal time, 0530 to 0600 company formation and march to school, 0600 to 1150 Class, 1200 to 1230 march to barracks 1230 to 1300 lunch, 1300 to 1500 mandatory study time (PFC and below only).
Combat medic training consisted of three parts. The first phase was fundamentals; all medical specialists attended this phase. The setup of the classroom was surprisingly similar to a high school classroom except much larger. The desks looked like small 2 man tables, and like high school this class was co-ed. There was seating for 120 people, but the room seemed to be able to accommodate maybe 200. Out of the eighty or so of us that were in the class, twelve were women. None of them were continuing into the combat medic course, so this was the only time that I thought that I would ever see them. I needed to hurry, since this phase was only three weeks.
We were told we could sit anywhere we wanted, and I was the acting platoon leader; I wanted to remain aloof, so I sat alone in the back of the class. I was immediately joined by the most beautiful of the women. Cheryl was the most lovely, sexy woman I had ever seen. At 5' 11" she was the tallest woman in the class. Her uniform did nothing to hide the fact that her curves were very womanly. She had that indefinable earthy, sexy quality without trying. Her honey blond hair was cut short in a very classy style to conform to army regulations. I was 6'7" and one of the few in the class taller than her. At 222 pounds I was in the best shape of my life. We were smiling and flirting until the class started.
Military education is to education as military music is to music. It does the job for which it was intended very well, but it is focused only on the job for which it is intended. First they tell you what they are going to tell you, then they tell you, then they tell you what they told you. I was able to glean from the course outline that I would be able to ace the first phase without study. To summarize, for six hours a day I would be sitting next to a beautiful woman who was attracted to me. We both had a lot in common and were training to work in similar fields. Finally, since I was so far advanced, if she needed help studying, I would be able to help her.
At the end of every class hour we were given a break of about ten minutes, more if we finished early. As we walked down to the break room she held on to my arm. We grabbed a cup of coffee and told a little about ourselves to each other. She had re-enlisted and was cross training into a field that interested her. Her divorce had just been finalized four months earlier, ending her 1½ year marriage. She had dated a little since, but hadn't found anyone she liked. I told her about my three semesters of pre-med, and my ambition to become a doctor when I got out of the service. I also explained that my girlfriend had dumped me as soon as I was drafted, and that I was not at all upset about it.
We decided to go back to class a couple of minutes early, so we got up, threw away our empty coffee cups, she grabbed my arm with both hands and jammed her breast into my elbow on the walk back to class. I was the subject of quite a few jealous looks on that walk back. We went right in and sat down and flirted quietly until class started again. She whispered to me that she was very horny, and was glad that she found someone who could help her with that. I told her that I would see what I could do.
As the class started, the instructor came in and said that the rest of the day we would watch training films, and he started the projector. Cheryl grinned at me, and as the lights went out, she placed her hands on the edge of our desk put her chin on her hands and watched the movie. At first I was puzzled but then I realized that her breasts, in fact her whole body was beneath the level of the desk.
I quietly moved as close to her as I could and rested my left elbow on the desk. Slowly I reached across my body underneath the desk with my right arm and I used my fingernails to lightly rake along her waist to her just below her breast. I heard her sigh and took that as encouragement to continue. I continued from the side of the breast, all the way to her cleavage and back avoiding her nipple. I was amazed at how large her breasts were. I slowly spiraled in toward her nipple as her breathing became more and more ragged.
When I reached her nipple, I was surprised at the size. The nipple had become fully erect, more than an inch long and as big around as my thumb. I continued to worry her nipple, and her breathing became more and more irregular. The movie was coming to an end, so I stopped and sat back waiting for our break. She stayed where she was for a couple of minutes letting her breathing get back to normal. When Cheryl sat back, she briefly put her hands into her lap. After a minute she surreptitiously grabbed the inside of my upper thigh and whispered "You are such a tease, I love that." She went to the restroom and I continued to sit there, waiting until I could stand without embarrassment.
During the break, I had to break up a fight before someone got hurt. I didn't know it, but one of the instructors observed what happened, and I was immediately called into the company commander's office.
I knocked on the door and was told to enter. I marched in, stopped 18" from the desk, stood at attention, saluted and reported. "PFC Hamilton reporting as ordered." I held the salute until it was returned casually, almost as an afterthought. The instructor who had witnessed the incident stood at the side of the desk. The captain examined me closely and said "I have been told what happened, but I would like to hear your version."
I took a breath and calmly related the facts as I knew them, withholding only the names and ranks of those involved. I then told him exactly what I had done and why. He asked me, "Did you know that there were NCOs' in the immediately vicinity?"
"No sir, I didn't see them before I took control of the situation, and it was important that it was controlled before someone was seriously hurt."
"You don't seem especially afraid of what is going to happen to you." The captain said.
I told him "Sir, I thought about that, and I decided that only three types of things might happen. You might decide one, what I did was wrong and should be punished, two, what I did was either right or wrong, but not serious enough to require any action, or three, what I did was right and that I should be rewarded. The odds are with me, two out of three of the outcomes are positive. Since no one was hurt the first was unlikely, but even if you decide to punish me, I'm already going to Vietnam, I'll need all the fear I can store up for that place, I can't waste it on stuff like this."
That last part was said tongue-in-cheek, and I thought that I may have gone a little too far, but he dismissed me with an amused look, returned my salute and told me as I was opening the door to ask the first sergeant in. I went to the first sergeant's orderly room clerk and passed the message from the captain. He went to the first sergeant's door and told him. The first sergeant immediately went to the captain's office, knocked and opened the door. As the door opened, I heard laughter and figured I wasn't in trouble, so I asked the clerk for a waiver to return to class. I received the waiver and returned to class, and put the whole incident out of my head.
Cheryl and I had to be cool for the rest of the day's classes, but just before the end of the last class of the day, I noticed out of the corner of my eye, that she reached into her purse and took something out. I didn't pay too much attention until I felt her slipping something into my pocket.
Class was over and I marched the class back to the barracks. The formation was dismissed, and I was told that my first sergeant wanted to see me after lunch. I went up to my room to change into a clean uniform. I smelled like I had sex at class, and I didn't want to answer any questions about what I had been doing. When I removed my uniform pants, I remembered Cheryl had put something into my pocket. I reached into my pocket and found a wadded up pair of women's panties, wrapped around a note. The note said, call me as soon as you are done for the day, and gave a phone number. I put the dirty uniform and the panties into my laundry bag, and went to lunch.
After a quick lunch I reported to the first sergeant's office. I knocked was told to enter and I properly reported. The first sergeant looked at me for a moment and said to me "I usually don't meet with people in my office unless they are in trouble...did you know that?"
"Yes sergeant."
"Do you know why you are here?" he asked.
"No sergeant, but I could guess." I told him.
The sergeant made a come-on gesture with his hand.
"It has something to do with what happened at school today." I said.
"You're right." He said, "Do you know what my job is? I deal with all of the personnel issues in the company. I need to know what happened."
I thought about that briefly and realized that he was right so I told him everything. I started from when I first realized that there was a problem until I left the first sergeant's orderly room clerk, as clearly and precisely as possible.
He looked at me, and said that the first sergeant of the school wanted him to check and see if I was an asshole or the real thing. He said "For what it is worth, I don't think you're an asshole. Don't get too excited, I'll talk to the company commander, but he may want to talk to you. Go ahead and take the rest of the day off, I'll give you a pass, Oh, by the way, hell of a first day of class."
I nodded silently agreeing with him thinking, he doesn't know the best part. I hurried back to the barracks, and grabbed my laundry bag, and went to the nearest payphone. When Cheryl answered the phone, she told me that she would pick me up in a few minutes. I dropped my laundry off at the cleaners, holding back only the panties. The woman who took in my laundry sniffed my laundry looked at me and smiled widely. I was a little embarrassed but I grinned back at her as she handed me my laundry ticket. When I had the ticket I went outside and I saw Cheryl pulling into the parking lot. I got into the car and we left the post headed for her apartment.
Cheryl's roommate Linda worked at the hospital on the evening shift, and was leaving shortly. She had long dark brown hair was about 5'6" Linda looked to be about a 36C- 25- 36. She had brown eyes, a wicked smile, and seemed to be a couple of years older than Cheryl.
Linda looked at us, and said "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
Cheryl said "It's ok; we're just going to have tons of sex."
I was getting a little excited by this banter between these two women, and began getting a hard on. Cheryl came behind me grabbed me around the waist from behind and dropped her hand to my crotch and began rubbing.
Linda stared hard at my crotch and said "Maybe not tons, but looks to be about a foot." She chuckled turned around and walked to the door. Linda got to the door, turned slowly looked intently at me and said, "I'll see you later." Then she left and closed the door.
I turned around and looked at Cheryl, gave her a kiss on the lips. I nipped her lower lip as I ran my hands up her back. I could hear her breathing becoming irregular, and I knew she was getting turned on. When my hands reached her neck I backed up slightly, gently grabbed her face. I looked deep into her eyes and asked her "What did she mean by she would see me later?"
Cheryl's face reddened, she looked down and nervously licked her lips. She was quiet for a moment. When she started talking she was nearly whispering, but she gained volume as she continued speaking. Cheryl said "Linda is a bit of a voyeur, and I am a little bit of an exhibitionist. What she was asking was for me to keep you here overnight so that she could watch us make love while she masturbates. We've done it once before, but the guy got upset when he found out, and he slapped me. I was too scared to say anything, thinking you might hurt me, or think I was strange."
"Actually" I said, "I'm turned on by the idea. It gives me a clue about how to make you orgasms more intense. Take off your clothes."I demanded.
Cheryl looked at me, with shock that quickly resolved to lust and began to unbutton her blouse. But I stopped her and said "Take the bra off first."
She looked at me slightly puzzled and asked "How can I do that?"
I sat down on the overstuffed sofa and told her to sit on my lap facing away from me. She slinked over to me, sat on my lap and ground into my crotch. I told her to bend forward for a minute. I reached up the back of her blouse and released the catches on her bra. I reached her arms and gently pulled her back into my chest. I lightly ran my fingers up her arms, through her sleeves, all the way to her bra straps. I hooked my fingers around her shoulder straps, and pulled them over her shoulder, down her arms to below her elbows. One at a time we bent her arms at the elbow and pulled them out of the straps.
I looked over her shoulder down her blouse. She had left the top two buttons undone. I was going to pull the bra all the way out through one of her sleeves, but looking down into her cleavage, I decided to pull from the front. I reached down her cleavage and pulled. The bra was more difficult to pull off then I thought, but it did come off. I looked at the bra and realized that it was the largest I had ever seen, so I asked "What size is this?"
She giggled and replied "They're F cups."
"Why are you giggling?" I asked.
"You are the first person ever to ask the girls size without looking at them."
I laughed, threw the bra aside and reached down to undo the rest of the buttons. "You call them the girls?" I asked as I finished undoing the buttons.
"Yes, since they first started growing. When I was young I was tall and skinny. Everyone laughed at me, and made fun of me. I was taller than anyone else in my class. When my breasts and hips started growing the guys stopped teasing me, but the girls got very nasty and mean. I was hurt, I hadn't done anything to them, and I couldn't help it. By the time I was fifteen I could hardly fit into a D cup bra. I started wearing baggy clothes and sweaters. A lot of guys asked me out but I said no. I got a reputation as an ice cold bitch." Her eyes closed as if recalling a painful memory. "I finally said yes to a boy late in my junior year. We went out to a movie. He was all over me from the time the lights went out till I left. I told him that I had to go to the bathroom, and I left, I walked out and went home."
I closed her blouse and held her as Cheryl continued her story. "The next week I found out that I was a nymphomaniac who had attacked a boy in a theater. None of the other girls would even talk to me, not even the two girls who I thought were my best friends. I was crushed. I finally decided to hell with them. I was going to take control. I started to dress to show off my body. The boys all started to ask me out, I no longer ever said no, but I never said yes either. I became a real tease."
"That summer I started going to the swimming pool every day. I bought the skimpiest bikinis I could find. I got a great tan and men from twelve to sixty were nice to me. I wore my bikinis all day during that summer."
"When I had to go out I had a tie-dyed skirt that wrapped around and tied at the waist. I used to like wearing it with a lime green bikini that I had. The color really showed off my dark tan, and the top barely covered my nipples. On the way to the store, I would turn on the air conditioning and tease my nipples so that they would really stand out when I was in the store. Sometimes when I felt especially daring, I would move one side of my top far enough to the side so that my areola showed. I pretended to be oblivious to the open mouth stares I was receiving from men, and even a few women."
"Every time I came back from an errand, I was so turned on that I had to masturbate. I was masturbating five times a day or more. I was still a virgin, but I was a slut. I was so bored; I couldn't wait to go back to school."
"That fall, when school started my new personality seemed to make my life much easier. I was a senior and one of the most desired girls in school. All of the boys would do anything I wanted, and none of them spread any rumors about me. I had everything I was supposed to want, but I was still unhappy. There was still no one who cared for me, or that I cared for."
"School went on much the same until the last quarter. I started going out with one of the basketball players. He wasn't as tall as you, but at least he was taller than me. Todd was drafted right out of high school and went into the army. After basic training he went to advanced infantry training. He had written frequently, and he assumed that we would get married. I liked him a lot, and I might have learned to love him, but I wasn't there yet."
"He came home for ten days leave on his way to Vietnam. He wanted to get married, but I didn't, not until I was in love. I decided before he went to give him my virginity. He took me to a motel and got a room. Once we got inside, he turned off the lights and kissed me a couple of times, pawed my breast and then began to rip off my clothes. It was over in 3 minutes, embarrassing a little painful left me wondering if that was all there was to sex with men. I still liked him but we didn't have sex again before he left."
"When his leave was over he went to Vietnam. He wrote every 4 or 5 days. I wrote him back less than half of that, but I could tell that my feelings for him were beginning to grow. I thought that maybe I could change his attitude toward sex." Cheryl's voice stopped, and I could almost hear her eyes filling with tears."
When she finally started talking again it was in a low and slow voice with plenty of emotion. "Todd died after he had been there about 3 months, in a place called the Ia Drang valley. The army sent me his personal effects and a check for his life insurance. I took out my letters that I had sent to him and gave the rest to his mother. She told me that I had made her son real happy, and she was glad that he had known me. She began crying. I couldn't stay."
Cheryl stopped talking for a moment, when she resumed her voice sounded a little steadier. "I waited until after the funeral to do anything, because I needed some time to grieve. I bought a car, packed up all that I owned and moved to the nearest big city. I started working in a gentlemen's club as a waitress. I brought the men their drinks while they watched the topless dancers. I became friendly with a couple of the girls. One day after work they asked me out to breakfast with them."
"We met at the restaurant and began talking, and I found out the kind of money that they made as they counted their tips. Both of them had made more money that night than I averaged per week. I was curious, so I asked them about their jobs. They told me about the three song sets, the table dances and the private dances. As I listened, I could feel myself getting more and more turned on. They watched me and smiled. Lyn, one of the dancers, said to me that she and Tracy had been drinking, and really shouldn't drive, but if I took them home, they would show me what I would have to do to earn good money as a dancer. They were roommates, so it wouldn't be too far out of my way, besides, they could mix up some drinks and we could have some fun. I quickly agreed and we left right away."
"We all got into my car, and Lyn gave me directions to the house that they were renting. As I drove I listened to them describe how excited they got, at work, and some of the tricks they used to get larger tips. I asked if they thought that those tricks would work for me and Tracy laughingly said you'll do even better, after all the bigger the tits, the bigger the tips. Tracy and Lyn both laughed, and I blushed. I could feel myself getting very wet, almost as wet as I am now."
I helped her move around with her feet to my right side. Her blouse fell open and I looked at her breasts. They were the most perfect I had ever seen. They were very large, but perfectly proportioned. Her areolas were about 3½ inches in diameter, and the nipples were maybe an inch and a half long and as big around as my thumb, shaped like a slightly used eraser from the end of a pencil. I began massaging and squeezing her breasts and pinching and rolling her nipples, as I noted her response. I decided that since her breasts were so sensitive, I needed to suck on her nipples.
I leaned into her chest and sucked her left nipple into my mouth. Her breathing grew more and more ragged in my left ear. I took my right hand and lightly played up her inner thigh. I was going to tease through her panties until she was begging to cum, but when I reached the top of her thigh, I realized that she didn't have any panties on. Cheryl was so turned on that she was nearing orgasm. I decided that I still needed to tease her more before I allowed her to cum. I pulled her off my lap and stood to take off my shirt. After I removed my uniform shirt and tee-shirt I looked down at her. She was leaning back with her eyes glazed over, pinching her left nipple with her left hand, and masturbating with her right. I grabbed her reluctant hands, and pulled her to her feet.
I guided her to the corner windows. They were on the second floor, and looked out over the front parking lot from one window and the main walkway continued right past the other window. Her blouse had partially closed, concealing her breasts. I turned her around, facing the parking lot, and reached around, putting my left hand underneath the blouse, over the nipple of her right breast, and with my arm over the nipple of her left breast, on top of the blouse. I pulled away slightly and tugged the blouse off her shoulders, and pulled down until the blouse fell on the floor. Her hands reached up and pressed me harder into her nipples. I reached around to the side of her skirt and unzipped it, just enough until I was able to reach into her waistband to manipulate her clit. She leaned back into me even harder so that I was supporting much of her weight, while she began moaning louder and louder. I reached over and cracked open the window wide enough for the sound to get out and then I put my fingers to her lips and told her to lick them. When she finished, I began masturbating her again. Cheryl began moaning louder and louder and squirming.
People were beginning to come home from work at the post. If any of them looked up they would be able to see us. The louder she moaned, the more likely that was to happen. I moved my hand from her nipple and gripped her breast. Her breathing stopped after a deep inhale and then the sound began. "Oooooooh.... OOOOOOOOOH..... OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH GOD I'M CUMMING I'M CUMMING!!!!!!!"
I moved my arm and hand down so that her tits were completely visible, and I whispered into her ear "Look at them, they're starring at you." There were three guys coming from the parking lot looking at her with wide eyed stares. She began grunting and shaking and moaning as she came again. "Oh look," I said "You're drawing a crowd."
The three guys who had stopped to watch were joined by two women and another man. They were watching and talking. Cheryl grabbed her breasts as if presenting them to the audience and began moaning and cumming again and again. For over three minutes she came again and again. I pulled my hand out and put it to her lips. She put my fingers into her mouth one at a time and sucked them all clean. She leaned back and kissed me deeply. She turned her face back toward the audience and waived. By now there were four women and seven men, all of whom began clapping and cheering.
Cheryl bent down and picked up her blouse, she grabbed my shirt and tee shirt and her bra and walked down the hall to her room, and I followed. I had been teased for ten and a half hours by now and I was real ready to explode.
"Do you have any cash?" she asked. "I was going to order a pizza, and they don't take checks."
"That can wait a few minutes." I said. I took her hand put it on my crotch and told her "Right now I have a hard problem we need to take care of."
I reached over and unzipped her skirt and it fell to the floor, leaving her nude except for her shoes. She sat on the bed removing her shoes, and watching while I stripped.
As I walked over to her, wearing only a smile she starred at me and said "God, you're beautiful." Cheryl grabbed my hard on and began stroking. As she starred at she said "It looks like a tennis ball on the end of a pipe." My dick is proportional to my body size. My little over eight inches looks the same on my frame as an average dick looks on an average frame. The only thing slightly different about my dick is that the head is so much larger in proportion to the shaft, about the size of a large plum.
"It's so beautiful" Cheryl said "but I'll never get it in my mouth. Oh God, I'm horny again." She pulled me onto the bed and began to lick my dick like a Popsicle. I helped her stretch out and I began to lick and kiss her inner thighs, as I worked my way up.
Cheryl's pubic hair was short, as if it had been trimmed. I had never seen that before. I found out later that she used to shave, and she decided to let it grow out, but she had only just started. I noted the color and mused, as James Bond would say "The collar and cuffs match."
I was so excited; I knew I would not last too long, so I didn't waste too much time. I began to focus on her clit after briefly licking all around. I put a finger into her vagina, and began to stimulate her manually as well. I knew it was working when I heard the moans, and felt her stimulation of my cock become less regular. When I felt that she was about to cum, I pulled away and spun into position. I lined myself up, and slowly pressed into her.
I had to go slowly, to allow her to adjust to my size. When I was all the way in I stopped for a few seconds, then I began to slowly thrust in and out with ever increasing speed. Cheryl locked her legs around my back, and helped me thrust into her. I pulled her closer, as I got up on my knees, and supported her ass with my left hand. I wet down the thumb and middle finger of my right hand, and used them to stimulate her clit, like masturbating a cock. Her eyes flew open, glazed over and she began to chant, "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God, Oh God."
I was watching her breasts bounce and flop while I fucked her; it was an incredibly sexy sight to see. I was close, but she began to cum a little before I would have. Her vaginal contractions were so strong that while she was clamped down, my dick didn't move in her vagina, but I pulled or pushed her whole body. After nearly a minute, the contractions subsided and I went back down on my hands and began thrusting frantically. Within a minute I was ready to cum, so I pulled out and gave my cock a few hard strokes. When I began to come, jet after ropey jet of cum flew out of my cock hitting the headboard, Cheryl's hair and forehead, her cheek to her chin, her neck to her breast and a large puddle at her navel which tapered off in her pubic hair.
"Oh my God" she said "I've never seen that much cum in my life. Why did you pull out?"
I told her "The main reason was I didn't know if you were on the pill, but watching the cum flying at you turned me on. You ought to see yourself, you look so sexy."
Cheryl's closet door was mirrored, so she moved herself down and around so that she could see. "That is hot" she said, as she took two fingers and dragged them through the puddle of cum in her navel and put it in her mouth, "and tasty. Oh, by the way, I am on the pill. I need to shower, would you like to wash my back?"
I said sure, and we went into her bathroom. "Oh my God, look at that big blob in my hair." The sperm began to liquefy, and run. We got into the shower as soon as the water was warm enough. We had fun washing each other off, and drying each other off.
My butt and legs must have been wetter than the other parts of my body, based on the amount of time that she took to dry them. While she bobbed up and down drying my legs, she was bumping my dick with her hair. "I love your butt" Cheryl said while she was drying my back. She grabbed hold of one of my cheeks with her hand, and squeezed. "You could crack walnuts with these."
I had started to get hard again and I told her "If you don't stop that, we're going to be back in the shower in a few minutes." She chuckled and let go.
We finished in the bathroom and walked back into the bedroom. I brought a damp washcloth with me, and cleaned off the headboard and the bedspread. Cheryl called the pizza place, and ordered the delivery. I pulled some cash out of my pocket and put it where it would be easy to get at. We pulled the covers down and climbed into the bed. We held each other, poked, prodded, rubbed, tickled, stroked and massaged each other as we spoke. When the pizza came, she got up, put on her shorty robe and said "put on your boxers, and come watch me tease the delivery guy. She wrapped one side of the belt through the loop twice, opened the front of the robe a little and then put a very loose loop to hold the robe together. I followed her out to the front room and got a good vantage point and waited for the show.
Cheryl opened the door and leaned forward. Since her robe was so loose her tits were nearly popping out of the robe. She asked the delivery guy how much while holding on to the door. He said something that I couldn't hear and she replied ok. She then walked over to the bookshelf and reached to the top shelf. When she did, the hem of the shorty robe went two thirds of the way up her naked ass. After looking on the shelf for a couple minutes, she said I must have moved it and she felt in her pocket. She 'found' the bills and came walking to the door.
When she got close to the door two of the bills fell out of her hand she went down on one knee to pick up the bill, I knew that the teenager was getting a full on beaver shot plus probably able to see both tits. Cheryl handed him the money and stood up, when she did, she had stepped on the side of the belt that she had doubled over, and the whole robe came off her shoulder, unwound around her back, slid off the other shoulder down to her forearm. She grabbed one breast with either hand, as if to cover them, of course most of her bush was uncovered for him to see still. Cheryl said to him in a quavering voice "Just give me the pizza, and close the door." She had to release a boob to grab the box, and the boy made a move to come inside. "No, close the door from the outside please." He sounded dejected as he asked her if she wanted the change, but she said "No, just close the door." as she turned around and walked away showing her naked ass. He slowly closed the door and left, with a lifetime memory.
When she heard the door close, she dropped the robe and came over to the table, nude carrying the pizza. I said, "You look great in clothes, but you look much, much better out of them."
She set down the pizza box on the table smiling, flushed with pleasure at the complement, and said "I thank you very much, sir." She covered her breasts with one hand and her crotch with the other as she walked toward me. The effect more emphasized her nudity than concealed it. When she reached me, she put her head on my shoulder and her hands around to my back. Cheryl's fingers traced slowly down my back, until she reached the waistband of my boxers. With one fluid motion she tugged them off and said "You look better without clothes too. Shall we eat?"
I quickly agreed, and Cheryl got plates and napkins. I looked in the fridge "there is no beer, but you have milk and Pepsi, which would you like?"
"I'll take a Pepsi," she said "the bottle opener is in that drawer" she pointed, "and I don't need a glass." I opened a couple of bottles and brought them over to the table. We began eating and talking as if we had known each other for years. We had just started our second slice of pizza when there was a knock on the door.
Cheryl got up and went to the door. Standing behind it, she peeked around it and began talking to whoever it was. I couldn't hear what they were saying, but I could tell that her visitor was a woman from the tone of voice. Cheryl opened the door a little wider, and a very cute woman walked in.
I was so surprised, I nearly choked, but I was hidden behind the table. The girl walked slowly over to me, staring a hole into my broad chest and nervously licking her lips. Cheryl said, "Dave, this is Linda. When my roommate Linda and I moved in, she was the only one to come over and welcome us to the apartments." Linda had only just realized that Cheryl was nude and began to blush. "Oh, you said that you weren't a prude, besides," Cheryl said with a wicked smile, "Davey hasn't even gotten up and introduced himself yet."
I stood up and walked over and held out my hand. I don't think her eyes left my cock from the time I stood until I reached her, held out my hand and looked straight into the top of her head. My dick had gotten the message that he was being starred at, and went semi erect to rod of steel in a few seconds, starring back at Linda with his one eye.
Linda tore her eyes away from my hard-on, looked over at Cheryl and asked "Do you have an extra one of these around anywhere that I could play with?"
Cheryl chuckled as she grabbed a plate, napkin and soda and said "I'm sorry, I only use them one at a time, but if you're good I'll let you play with that one." As she was opening the soda bottle, Cheryl said to Linda, "Why don't you get as comfortable as we are, I wouldn't want you to get any grease on your dress."
Linda starred at her as if she didn't comprehend for nearly three full seconds. When the light of understanding came to her eyes, she was a blur of motion as she stripped down. She first removed her shoes and tossed them by the sofa, then she pulled her dress off and it was flying through the air to the sofa. No sooner had it landed than it was followed by the bra, then panties.
Cheryl was back over at the table now setting Linda's place where she had been sitting, and moving herself to the other side. "You're the guest, you should sit between us. Besides, if I sat next to Dave, he would play with me and make me come while you were eating."
The girls and I sat down, as I replied "Guilty as charged."
I looked closely at Linda and I liked what I saw. Her long black hair reached halfway down her back. Her breasts were small, but well formed, maybe a B cup size, with beautiful small brown nipples. Linda had a tan skin tone that suggested a latin decent. Her eyebrows and lashes were impeccable, perfectly framing her beautiful brown eyes. Her ass was lovely, but slightly more padded than the rest of her body. Her pubic hair was full and wild. As she sat on the chair talking and eating her pizza, her legs were unconsciously, rhythmically opening and squeezing together in her excitement.
Cheryl and I had finished our second slices and were drinking the last of our soda. I was rock hard and ready to party. I stood as I drained the last little bit of my soda. Linda's eyes fastened to my cock again, as I stood up. I took Cheryl's and my plates, and napkins away. I put the plates in the dishwasher, threw the napkins away and returned to the table. Linda's eyes were boring holes into the head of my dick, which began to ooze pre-cum. "Oh look," I said "He likes you."
Cheryl and Linda began laughing hysterically. I said "I have to go into the bathroom, stand on my head and pee."
Fresh peals of laughter greeted this announcement, and then I heard Cheryl say, as I was walking away, "I was going to say that he was housebroken."
When I came out of the restroom I saw Linda sitting backwards on a chair, leaning forward as Cheryl massaged her shoulders and neck. "Why don't we go into the bedroom, and lay on the bed, that way we could both massage you." There was no decent, and we quickly moved into the bedroom.
We quickly made up the bed, and Linda laid face down on the faux fur bedspread. Cheryl and I got on the bed on either side of her. I told Cheryl, "Mirror what I do." I started at Linda's neck and lightly traced down her back using the balls of my fingers. We continued on down past her waist and over her ass cheeks to the inside of her thighs, calves, past the ankles over the bottoms of her feet and up the outside of her leg all the way up her side to the starting point.
We kept this up for a few minutes. Linda kept opening her legs wider and wider with every pass. Finally I paused at the inside of her upper thigh and began softly rubbing her labia. Cheryl was on the other side, rubbing in the opposite direction. Linda's breathing was ragged, her ass cheeks were clinching and her crotch was pressing into the bed, it was time for her to turn over.
Linda quickly rolled over with her legs splayed out. "I looked at Cheryl and said "You do the clit, and I'll do the vagina."
Linda was getting crazy and said "Do me, make me come, please, I can't stand it any longer."
I kissed Linda, and moved down to her breast. I noticed that Cheryl was kissing Linda very sensually. I began to stimulate Linda's G spot, while Cheryl massaged her clitoris. I felt a hand grab the back of my head, and press me hard into Linda's chest. I looked across at Cheryl and saw that Linda was doing the same thing to her. I continued the stimulation of her G spot, while Cheryl continued working on her clit.
Linda's hips started bucking, she was moaning and saying "Oh my God.........I'm going to cum ....Make me cum ...so fast ...faster ... Oh my God... Oh my God... Oh my God... I'm cumming...... OOOOOOOOOOOooooAAAAAAAAAAAHhhhhhhhhhh. Oh my God... Oh my God... Oh my God... Oh my God... Oh, stop stop stop Stop!"
Linda was breathing as if she had just finished a marathon, and was unable to speak. Cheryl was looking at Linda, and then at me and was leisurely masturbating, as she said to Linda, "I told you he was really good with his hands."
I put my fingers to her lips, as her breathing approached normal, and told her to suck them clean. Linda complied, and when she finished she said "I've never done that before, but I like the taste."
"You must have been real horny to come that hard and fast. What made you so turned on?" I asked.
"I've only been here a couple of months, and I haven't met anyone I've had any interest in. I resigned myself to masturbate until I could find a man I liked. When I got home from work today, I was walking to my apartment, and noticed a friend of mine and a couple of guys from the apartments watching your window. I went up to Suzy, my friend, and asked her what was going on. She told me that a cute guy was masturbating that tall girl in the apartment above me, and that she had already had cum at least once. When I heard that, I got so light-headed that I nearly passed out; I could tell that all of my blood had rushed to my crotch. I watched the rest of the show, becoming more and more turned on. I felt as though I would cum without even touching myself."
I noticed that while Linda was speaking, Cheryl has stopped masturbating; she and I were lightly tracing patterns on her skin. Linda appreciated it and would occasionally arch into our hands. After just a moment, she continued her story.
"When Cheryl left, I was so disappointed, and close to cumming. She is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, and I wondered what kind of guy that would turn her on. When she had moved I was able to see you, well mostly, there was a reflection on the window that hid most of your face. I saw your chest and that flat tummy, and I was ready to melt. When I left to go to my apartment, I felt as if I might be dripping."
"I thought that I would watch the news, to get it out of my mind, but I had to get out of my uniform first. My bedroom is right below this one, so when I came in I heard the bed squeaking. I heard Cheryl come again, and then I heard you. The tone of your voice was so sexy, and the two of you were talking after sex. I've never done that with a man before. Men usually just get up and leave, if they say anything at all, it's I'll call you, but they never do."
"I heard the shower start up, and I figured that you were done. I thought that I would wait until you had time to get dressed, then I would come up to visit. I heard you both walk out of the bathroom, and then you got back into bed. I thought that you were going to go to sleep, but I heard you talking quietly. I was disappointed, and felt lonelier than I ever had. I had changed while you were in the shower, and was all ready to come up to say hello, but what I did instead was curl up and cry."
"I heard the Pizza delivery guy pounding up the stairs, and then the knock on your door. I heard you both get up and dressed, good, now I can go up there. I cleaned my face and quickly put on my makeup. I thought I had waited long enough, when first went out of my front door. Before I got to the stairs I noticed the delivery guy hadn't come down the stairs yet. I decided to go get my mail. I just walked over, picked it up walked back, dropped it off and came upstairs. You know the rest."
Cheryl beat me to the hug. She said "I'm glad you came over, I don't have many female friends. I've only met a few since I came here, and I frequently have a hard time getting along with other women. I'd like to be friends. You can come over whenever you are free." Cheryl gave her another hug and a kiss on the cheek. I gave her a hug as well.
I said "you've only had one orgasm; I never let any one woman stop at one. I have something special that I do. If you trust me, I'll do it for you. Trust me you will like it."
When she had agreed, I said to Cheryl, "Honey, I won't forget you, just let me take care of her first."
When Cheryl had agreed, I looked back at Linda and said, "Move over to the edge of the bed"
I had moved off the bed and gotten into position. "This looks funny, but you will enjoy it." I used my secret technique, and energetically began to masturbate Linda. Within seconds I could tell that it was having its proper effect.
Linda said "Can't believe it, I've never felt anything like this, I'm going to cum." Her head was whipping back and forth, her mouth was wide open and she was breathing hard. Cheryl had one nipple in her mouth and was sucking away, and was playing with Linda's other breast with her hand.
"When you come it will be different." I said "It will be both harder and softer and more complete. One other thing, you won't be able to stop having orgasms until I let you."
Within two minutes, she began cumming. I kept her cumming for nearly ten minutes, one orgasm on top of the other. Instead of the regular type of contractions, her arms and legs flopped around, as if she had no control. Cheryl had stopped, and was starring on in amazement and asked "What did you do to her?" showing concern in her voice.
I gently lifted Linda and moved her over to the middle of the bed, and lay down beside her, while gently rubbing her face. "She's okay" I said "She's just overloaded. Look, tears are rolling out of her eyes."
Linda started groaning and started to talk. She said "Help me to the bathroom."
I said to Cheryl, "I'll carry her, but you go in with her, I don't want her to fall." I picked Linda up and carried her to the bathroom with Cheryl following me. Linda put her arms around me and held tight, it was sweet. Cheryl sat down on the tub nearby, as I put Linda on the toilet and told her, "I'll leave so that you won't be embarrassed, but Cheryl will stay here to keep you safe, okay?" she nodded and I left.
I sat down on the bed and waited for them to come out. In a couple of minutes, they came walking out walking arm in arm. Cheryl smiled brightly and said "She really liked it."
Linda said "I did, but you're still hard, do you need to cum? Give me a couple of minutes, and I'll fuck your socks off!"
"It's Cheryl's turn." I told her. "I'll have to take a rain check, but we would like to hear what it felt like to you." Cheryl gave her wicked little smile and nodded.
Linda looked thoughtful as she began speaking. "I've never come with a man more than once. When you said that you would do me, I thought that I would have to fake it. God was I wrong." She giggled as she continued, "Within seconds, I knew I would cum. Your description of harder and softer is perfect. Harder because the sensations were so intense, softer because of the way my body reacted. The orgasm was different too. It started at the back of my head and flowed all through every fiber of my body all the way down to my toes. It felt like something was glowing and burning, trying to burn through my skin. It was very, very good. Within two seconds, I came again, and the sensations of pleasure doubled. Every couple of seconds I came again, and the sensations would jump up another notch. I think I counted to about 40 orgasms or so in about a minute, before I was unable to count any more, and just rode the sensations. I noticed that my arms and legs were no longer in my control. I thought that I was having a seizure, but I didn't care. At the end, I could see, but I couldn't interpret what I was seeing, I could hear, but I couldn't understand. I was nearly unconscious, riding the wave from one pleasure to the next, without a thought."
Linda reached out and grabbed my face. "When you stopped, I kept coming for a while. When I was finally able to think, I realized that I love you. I was sad that Cheryl had met you first. Then I felt guilty, because I love you too Cheryl, and I started to cry. The sensations began to taper off, and I realized that I had to go to the bathroom. You know the rest."
"You know that Davey and I just met today." Cheryl said.
"No," Linda exclaimed, surprised "You act like you have been together for a long time. I've never met anyone like either of you."
"You've seen one, every time you look in the mirror." I answered. I looked at my watch and said "I have to be back for bed check at 2300 Hrs. I only have about 2 ½ hours, and I want to make sure that I don't shortchange Cheryl."
"Are you going to do the same thing to her, you did to me? What do you call it?" Linda asked.
"No," I replied, "I call it the tingler, because of the way that the sensations start. You have to start within a few minutes of an orgasm, and it takes a lot of effort to do it right. Doing it to you for that long wore me out for a while besides, if things go how I think, she'll be too worn out to take it anyway."
"Swap places with Linda, Cheryl," I told her as she lay down beside me." I whispered into her ear, "I'll make it intense for you." I kissed her as I began teasing her thighs, and over her stomach. I worked my mouth down to her breast, and blew hot humid air on it and then backed off, so that the air would get cooler. The nipple grew rock hard, and stood at attention. I began sucking on her nipple, as I spiraled into my target between her legs. I looked up, and saw that Linda was holding and kissing Cheryl passionately I moved down to start my oral ministrations.
I used my tongue to taste and spread her juices around. I used my fingers to trace a pattern around her labia minor, as my tongue teased her clitoral hood. I heard Cheryl moan, and knew that she was getting real excited. The hood had retracted, and the clit was fully distended. I began to suck and lick her clit directly, and used my fingers to perform the tap.
I know from a few women that some guys know about the tap. The theory is simple. Done correctly, you can magnify a woman's orgasm three or fourfold. The secret is to time the taps with the vaginal contractions. Tap tap...tap tap on the G-spot. Once you start, you have to keep the rhythm; otherwise it becomes a distraction. I had never done it with two women in the same bed before, but I thought I could pull it off.
By this time Cheryl was moaning, groaning, shaking, and grunting. I was not surprised when she began crying out that she was cumming. I discontinued using my tongue, but kept up with the taps to lengthen the orgasm, and create aftershocks.
When Cheryl had settled down, I asked her, "Are you ready for me to fuck you now?" She nodded.
"Linda," I said, "Lay down here with your head toward the footboard. Cheryl, get on your hands and knees, with your pussy right over her mouth. You'll have a great view Linda."
Not wanting to spoil the mood, I didn't want to say any more. I got into position, and began to slowly enter. I began to slowly slide back and forth into Cheryl's pussy. I was only slightly surprised when I felt a tongue on my shaft where it entered Cheryl's vagina. Linda was licking her first pussy ever.
I looked up, and noticed that Cheryl's head was buried in Linda's pussy too. By now, Linda's hands were holding tight to Cheryl's ass, and Linda's thighs were in Cheryl's death-grip too.
When Cheryl came, I noticed again that her contractions were so strong, that I pushed or pulled her around, rather than sliding inside her. The difference this time was that she pushed or pulled Linda with her.
Cheryl's second orgasm was a repeat of the first, but the third was followed Immediately by Linda, and then when I was able to move, I followed within a minute. When the spasms stopped, I pulled out. Linda tittered, and said, "Look what you did when you pulled out. You got a big blob on my nose."
"Don't worry about that right now," I said, "just suck all the cum out of Cheryl."
Linda enthusiastically began, and within a couple of minutes Cheryl came a final time.
As Cheryl lay down beside Linda, I told her. "Go ahead and clean up Linda's nose."
Cheryl told Linda to open her mouth, and used her tongue to push the sperm into her mouth. When she finished, the two women shared a kiss.
"We have time," I said "Do you want to swap places and do it again?"
"Yes." Both of them answered.
Linda quickly moved into position above Cheryl. The girls began eating each other even before I got completely hard. When I got hard I began pushing into Linda for the first time. She groaned, and said, "Oh my god, it's so big!"
I kept pushing until I got all the way in, and I felt Cheryl's tongue, on my shaft and teasing my balls. I slowly began my rhythmic thrusts, and rapidly built up to my maximum speed. Within just a few minutes, both women were cumming. Cheryl came quicker, and more often, but even Linda came three times before I joined in. I sat back on my heels and watched Cheryl clean Linda's creampie. They both had another orgasm and lay down exhausted. Cheryl got up, and was moving around so that her head was at the headboard, and I crawled in between the two girls. I reached around and grabbed them both and pulled them tight into me. I turned my head and kissed Linda and turned my head the other way and kissed Cheryl. I could taste their vaginal juice from each other on their lips.
I asked Cheryl, "Will you be able to take me back to the post?"
Linda said, "I'll drive you both. Where did you leave your car Dave?"
"I don't have a car here; I just got out of basic training and was stationed here five days ago." I replied.
"Oh my God, how old are you?" she asked.
"I'm 19." I replied quietly.
Linda got up on her knees and looked intently at me. "You're only 19? How could you know everything that you know? I thought that you were at least 25. You are more mature than any of the doctors that I know." she said in quiet amazement.
Cheryl, who had been listening quietly said, "I knew he was only19 or 20, but I stopped thinking about that after I talked with him for only a few minutes. I usually go out with men ten years or more, older than me, but I knew right away that I had to have him. I threw myself at him shamelessly. There a lot of boys around here, but few men. I knew right away he was a man. You want to know how I got him here tonight? I had been sitting next to him all day. He made me so horny and wet my panties were soaked. All of the other girls in class knew. Before the last class, I took off my panties and wrapped them around a note with my phone number. Before the end of the last class, I slipped them into his pocket. After class I raced home and sat by the phone. I hoped that he would call, but I didn't know what I would do if he didn't. When he called, I ran to the car and drove to the post to pick him up. It turned out even better than I thought it could."
I was surprised by this confession; Cheryl had hidden her desperation well. I, who thought I knew so much about women, was surprised.
I told them, "You both need to stop talking now, or I won't be able to fit my head through my tee shirt. Character is developed in adversity. When you decide to do the right thing even when it is hard, and follow through all of the time, it shows. I'm no better than anyone else; I've just been tested more."
"Times are serious right now. We are at war. Did you know that nearly forty eight thousand Americans have been killed so far, and I will be over there in three months? Peoples' lives will depend on me. I need to do the right thing, even if it is hard. Of course, I'm a little scared, but I can't let that get in the way of doing the right thing even if it is hard."
"That is enough about my philosophy for now, I need to get cleaned up, dressed and ready to go back to the post, it's the right thing."
Linda grabbed my dick and began stroking and said "And you want to do the right thing, even though it is hard."
We all burst out laughing.
Linda said, "Seriously, we still have more than an hour before we have to leave, and I would love to hold you for as long as possible."
"Me too." Cheryl said.
"Okay, I'll do without the shower, but no more than 20 minutes." I said. "Besides, if I'm AWOL (absent without leave) we won't be able to do this again anytime soon. You two are going to spoil me. You know, I would love nothing more than to stay right here with you both all night. Leaving here will be hard whenever it happens, but we all know that we will be together again. I couldn't stay away any more than I could stop breathing. I don't know if I will be able to get another pass for this week, but after duty hours Friday night I'm free until 2300 Sunday night. If you will have me, I'll stay with you then."
Cheryl grabbed my face with both hands, and said,"Of course you can stay."
"I'm off Friday and Saturday, can I stay too?" Linda said.
"Yes, of course," Cheryl said "I'd love to have you. You both need to know that Linda, my roommate, is off Thursday and Friday. She's a little kinky, but she is a nice person."
"I'm looking forward to this weekend." I said. "We all get paid Friday; it's the first of the month." I said. "You both need to think of what you'd like to do this weekend, but right now I need to clean up and get dressed up and leave."
"We'll clean you up." Cheryl said. She got up on her knees and leaned in and started licking my neck. Linda giggled and started on the other side.
They licked across to my shoulder, and to my amazement, into my armpits, where they lingered for some time. "I love his smell." Linda said
"I know, I sat next to him in class all day and it drove me wild." Cheryl replied.
"I've got to get up, if you keep this up you both will make it too hard."
Linda giggled and said "It already looks to be too hard. I want to do the right thing, especially since it's hard."
We all burst out laughing. I got up and started looking for my clothes. Linda got up and went to the sofa to put on her dress. As Cheryl was pulling a dress out of her closet, I asked, "Do you know where my boxers are?"
Cheryl looked at me and smiled brightly and said, "We left them on the floor by the table, but if you can't keep track of your clothes, we won't let you wear them anymore."
I grinned and said, "Tease." and walked nude down the hall. I was just in time to see Linda's naked ass disappearing under her dress. "That was a beautiful sight." I told her, as I walked over to put on my shorts.
"So are you." She said.
I reached over, picked up my boxers, stepped into them and was pulling them up when Linda said, "I love your ass." Linda was stepping into her shoes as I quickly walked past, and she said, "I have to go get my keys, so I'll meet you both downstairs in a couple of minutes."
I agreed and continued down to the bedroom. I quickly dressed and asked Cheryl if she was ready. She finished touching up her lipstick and said she was, that she only needed to pick up her purse.
Cheryl picked up her purse as we walked out, and we met Linda at the foot of the stairs. We walked out to the parking lot. Linda walked to the driver's side door of a new Cadillac El Dorado.
"Here we are." Linda said, as she unlocked the door.
"This is a really nice car, how much are the payments?" I asked, as I held the other door for Cheryl.
When we were all seated and had fastened our seatbelts, Linda started the car. While the car warmed up, Linda said, "I don't know what the payments would be, the car is paid off. My stepfather bought it for me when I was commissioned. He wanted to make sure that I had a safe car to drive."
"That was really nice of him." Cheryl said
Linda looked a little sad as she said, "My older brother was killed in a small car three years ago, and my younger brother was killed leading a platoon in Vietnam three weeks later. I'm all that he has left, and he worries about me."
"I didn't mean to pry, and I'm sorry about you're brothers Linda" I said
Cheryl said, "Honey, stay the night with me. We'll talk and cuddle and comfort each other. Please."
Linda smiled and said, "Okay, I was hoping that you would ask. I even left my underwear on your sofa so that I would have an excuse to come up when we got back."
By this time we were approaching the post guard shack, and the MP at his post signaled the car to stop. He came to the window and said "Good evening Lieutenant, I need to see all of your ID cards."
We all pulled them out and handed them over.
"Lieutenant, I also need to see your license and registration." The MP said, as he accepted the ID.
I could tell that Linda was getting upset, but she complied.
"What is your business on the post this evening?" the MP asked.
"Corporal Swanson and PFC Hamilton are students at the medical tech school. I was tutoring them on anatomy. It was time to bring PFC Hamilton back to the post. I volunteered, since Corporal Swanson didn't have much gas in her car." Linda was very angry; she opened the car door and got out. Linda walked right up to him and said, "Stand at attention."
The MP popped to attention, and Linda read him off like a drill sergeant. Linda grabbed all the information he had collected, got back in the car and said, "You may wave us through now, sergeant."
"Good evening lieutenant." He said, as he waved us through and saluted.
Cheryl and I both looked at Linda, hesitant to say anything. Cheryl finally asked, "What was it between you and that MP?"
"I don't have time to go into it right now, but we have a history." Linda said.
"That was your question?" I asked Cheryl. "What I really wanted to know was how exactly did you tutor us in anatomy?" I said to Linda.
Linda and Cheryl broke into gales of laughter, as Linda said, "Oh I don't know, You showed me yours, and I showed you mine. Dave, is that your barracks?"
"No the one right next to it. Just drop me off, god I hate having to leave. I knew it would be this hard." I said as I got out of the car. "I'll see you both as soon as I can." I turned around and walked into the orderly room.
I walked into the orderly room, and signed off pass. I bought a 7up from the soda machine, and went into my room. It was a four man room, and everyone else was asleep, so I quietly stripped down to my shorts and went to bed, sat down and drank the soda. After I set my alarm and finished my soda, I laid down considering everything that had happened this day, and I finally drifted off to sleep.