A million thanks to BffseOhio for editing!~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
**Author's Note: This is a continuous story where each chapter builds on the previous chapter. If this is the first chapter you've encountered of The Morrisons then I suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first so you will understand the characters actions in this chapter. This chapter sets the stage for future chapters. I have added a list of the main story characters to the end of the story which was a suggestion by one of the readers. Sounds interesting? ...... Then please enjoy! .........~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer all the emails I receive and I really appreciate all your kind comments. Please realize I can't answer those readers who send me comments anonymously.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
****************************From - Chapter 12
Marion was breathing rapidly and finally started to gasp and stiffened in spasmodic moves signaling her orgasm had over taken her body so I released a torrent of cum as I pumped into her lovely gripping pussy. My body jerked as my own orgasm surged through my body. In the afterglow of our orgasms I remained on top holding my upper body off Marion's and allowed my cock to shrink inside her while we quietly talked. Marion giggled and when she did she forced my cock to pop out of her pussy and she immediately wanted to roll over saying, "I have to go so I don't leave a wet spot on the bed."
Both of us got up and walked into the bathroom and while Marion was peeing and douching I started the shower again and we both stepped in just to rinse our bodies off. I told Marion how much I enjoyed her body and especially rubbing my hands over her while washing her. Marion moved into hug me and pressed her wet body against mine. We stood in the shower under the warm water rubbing our bodies together for a few minutes before I suggested we get some sleep. We finished our shower and dried each other off and both of us crawled back into bed.
We moved close together and once again our hands rubbed up and down each other's body as we talked quietly and giggled foolishly as sleep crept up on both of us.
****************************
Chapter 13
In my semi-conscious state my ears filled with a loud sound which caused me to jerk my body up into a sitting position on my bed. Looking around through sleep filled eyes, it took me a few seconds to realize the sound was coming from my alarm clock, signaling it was time for me to get up and start a new day. Marion stirred and looked up and me asking, "Is everything alright?"
I looked down at the beautiful young lady whom I shared some of my love with last night and said, "Everything is perfect, Marion. The only problem is it's time for me to get up and take a shower and start my day. You are welcome to stay here and sleep if you want."
Marion sat up in bed and let the sheet fall down to her waist exposing her lovely tits to my view; then she leaned over and pulled my face to hers and kissed me passionately for a few minutes before saying, "Thank you for last night. Ted and I are blessed to have your family as friends."
"I need to go wake up Beth, Kim and Jenna, do you want to come with me or do you want to stay here and sleep?" I asked Marion.
Marion rolled over and got out of bed on her side then walked around and joined me. Marion reached out and took my hand and we walked hand in hand out of my bedroom. The first stop we made was the room where Ted and Kim were sleeping. We looked in and Ted was spooned up against Kim's back and their sheet was only partially covering their hips. We walked over to the bed and I reached out and touched Kim's arm and shook her, saying, "Kim, it's that time again, come on, wake up."
Kim's eyes blinked, then she smiled at us; suddenly Ted's head popped up behind Kim, asking, "Is everything ok?"
Marion smiled, saying, "Ted, everything is fine; we're waking up those who have to get up for work."
Kim started to get up so Marion and I left the room and went across the hall and when we walked into Mary's room we stopped momentarily and stared. We saw three beautiful women lying uncovered, on their backs, with their legs spread wide enough so their feet touched each other. Marion and I walked down to the foot of the bed because, once again, Beth is in the middle between Mary and Shelly. The scene before my eyes was like déjà vu all over again, except this time Marion stood beside me. Standing at the bottom of the bed, Marion and I were able to see three lovely tight lipped pussies, a couple pair of "C" cup titties and a small pair of "A" cup titties. We watched as each chest rose and fell with every breath they took. Finally, I reached out and tapped Beth's foot and watched her eye lids flutter until she opened them, then raised her head off the pillow and looked at me. I watched the smile spread across Beth's face and I whispered, "It's time to get up and get ready for work."
Beth tried to move without waking the other two, but she wasn't successful. Mary moved her hand up and cupped Beth's left tit and gently massaged it as she said, "Good morning sexy lady, you sure you want to leave us again?"
Beth smiled at Mary saying, "Oh God, one day I am going to be able to stay and sleep in, but not today."
Beth sat up in the bed and I said, "Come on, you can shower with me."
Mary sat up quickly and said with a giggle in her voice, "Wait a minute buddy, we took excellent care of this really hot lady last night and we're going to take care of her this morning. Don't worry; we'll make sure she is ready to go when you are."
Marion and I turned and walked out into the hall and down to Jenna's room. We walked in and saw Jenna was also lying on her back and her great toned legs were spread wide and her right index finger was resting on her clit. I looked at Jenna lovingly then as much as I hated to do it, I reached out and shook her foot closest to me. I had to shake it a few times until she finally started to open her eyes. When she peeked out through her eye lids she smiled at me and said, "Hi daddy, is it that time already?"
I smiled at Jenna saying, "Yes dear, it's time to get up and get going. As long as you're alive and well, we've got to go take our shower now."
Marion and I walked back to my bedroom and found Ted and Kim just walking into the bathroom. By the time we entered the bathroom, Ted was standing in front of the toilet and Kim was holding his cock saying, "We love to hold Dan's cock when he has to pee. It gives us girls the pleasure of making designs in the water with your pee. When you're finished, I'm going to show you how to wipe my pussy."
Marion started giggling like a school girl saying, "They told me you couldn't teach an old dog, new tricks. I love these people, Ted."
We heard the sudden splash of pee hitting the water in the toilet when Ted said, "Yeah Marion, for all that I've experienced since I started working here, I love everyone as well."
When Ted finished peeing he stepped back and Kim sat down with her legs spread wide and told Ted squat down in front of her and get a piece of paper and fold it. Ted did as he was instructed and then he watched the stream of pee shoot out of Kim until it died down to just a dribble. Kim said, "Ted, this is almost like wiping your ass, except all that's going to be on the paper is a little pee. Go ahead and be gentle and dry me."
Ted was smiling as he reached in between Kim's legs and dried her pussy. When he was done, he dropped the paper in the toilet and said with a huge grin, "I prefer to just shake mine after peeing."
Ted and Kim moved over to the shower and I offered Marion the use of the toilet and she immediately asked, "Are you going to wipe me when I'm done."
I reached out for a piece of toilet paper and squatted down in front of Marion's spread legs and watched the stream of pee squirt into the toilet. When she finished dribbling I wiped her pussy and then stood up before I offered her my hand to assist her in standing and saying, "I'm at your service, my lady."
Marion called over to Ted asking, "Did you hear that Ted, this gentleman over here said he's ready to service me."
Ted started laughing and said, "What? I can't hear you, the water is running in the shower and I'm distracted by this beautiful lady over here."
After Marion helped me pee, we walked over and joined Ted and Kim in the shower. We had a great conversation while we showered and when we finished, the girls decided to dry each other and requested that Ted and I follow their lead and dry each other. I looked at Ted then shrugged my shoulders saying, "OK, I can handle that."
When all of us were dry, Kim and I stepped over to our sinks and started the rest of our morning ritual and Marion and Ted left to go into their bathroom to finish their personal grooming.
While I was shaving, Kim said, "Dan, I really love you more than ever. You have proven to me, not that you had anything to prove, but you've shown me more love and consideration than any man would ever be expected to do. It was fucking awesome when you and Ted sucked each other's cock last night. I almost raped Ted when I got him back in the bedroom because I was so fucking horny after watching you two. I hope you enjoyed Marion's pussy last night too."
I stopped shaving and looked at Kim saying, "Honey, no matter which pussy I put my cock in, there's really only one place for my cock and that's inside you. I enjoy everyone else, but you are my one and only true love and it will always be that way. As for sucking Ted's cock last night, I surprised myself by doing that. However after a few minutes of doing it, I decided it really wasn't any different than licking a pussy other than the society's stigma associated with two males together."
We finished in the bathroom and went to our closets to get dressed. I saw the bag containing the two hand guns and called out to Kim, "Now that I have our hand guns, we can set up a target in the back this weekend and practice shooting."
Kim called back saying, "I'd like that. I want to learn how to handle and shoot them."
We finished dressing and put on the final touches before leaving our room and walking down the hall together. Kim looked at me as we walked and said, "I'm not wearing panties today."
Jenna was in her room dressing as we passed and heard what Kim said and she excitedly said, "Mom, that's so cool. I'm not going to wear any panties today either."
We stopped and looked at Jenna and I immediately noticed that there was a difference between Kim and Jenna's skirt. The hem of Kim's skirt was down near her knees while Jenna's skirt was a little less than mid-thigh. I smiled and said, "Jenna honey, if you bend over, anyone behind you will see that wonderful treasure you are hiding between your legs."
Jenna said, "That's ok daddy, there's this new hot looking guy at work, so Becky, Lisa, and I have decided that we are going to seduce him. I bet them that I would get the first crack at him. No pun intended."
I slapped my forehead in mock disbelief and said, "Girl, you better be careful, some old man may want to check that out."
Jenna turned around and flipped up the back of her skirt baring her whole ass before bending over and spreading her legs. "You mean like this daddy?" Jenna asked in her little girl voice.
I choked and replied, "Yes honey, like that. But I'm not some old guy."
Kim and Jenna started to laugh then we turned and continued down the hall to the stairs. The wonderful aroma of fresh brewed coffee greeted our nostrils as we descended the stairs and headed towards the kitchen. As we rounded the corner we saw everyone was seated in the dining room. Kim and I moved towards the chairs we normally sat in and there was a chorus of "Good morning" echoed around the room. We smiled and returned the sentiments and noticed Terri and Hanna stand up and head towards the kitchen. When they returned, each of them had a cup of coffee in their hand. Terri set the one she had in front of Kim and Hanna set hers down in front of me. Terri asked, "What would you like for breakfast?"
I looked around at Kim and Beth then I said to Terri, "I would like an omelet, bacon and some toast if it won't be too much trouble."
Kim and Beth asked for the same thing, but asked for a cheese omelet instead of a plain omelet. I thought about it for a second then I changed mine to a cheese omelet. Jenna came into the dining room just as we finished telling Terri what we wanted, and Jenna said, "Please make another one of whatever they are having."
Terri and Hanna disappeared into the kitchen then Mary stood up saying, "I think I'll go help the girls get breakfast ready."
While our breakfast was being fixed, Ted told me he had the carpenter coming out today to cut a hole in the den wall for the air conditioner. Ted added, "Dan, I hope you don't mind but I bought an air conditioner for the den."
I assured Ted I trusted his judgment to do whatever was needed to keep the monitors and recording equipment cool and in working order.
Terri, Hanna, and Mary brought our breakfast in and set it down in front of us. Terri said, "I'll feed everyone else once all of you are off and on your way to work."
I looked at Terri and asked, "Do you still have Jeff Simpson's home phone number?"
Terri replied, "Yes I do. Do you want it?"
I thought for a few seconds then said, "No Terri, I want you to call Jeff and tell him I want him to dress in a nice suit and be ready to leave home at ten o'clock this morning. Tell him I will be sending a car to his house to pick him up and bring him to my office."
Then I turned to Beth and said, "On the way to work, please make an appointment for me to meet Charlie Doyle at ten thirty this morning. I want to meet with both Charlie and Jeff Simpson at eleven o'clock."
"Terri, do you still have Jeff's home address?" I asked.
Terri said, "Yes, I have it in my computer. Do you want me to get it for you?"
I replied, "I want Beth to have it so she can send Joe over to Jeff's house to pick him up and bring him to my office."
Terri retrieved Jeff's information off her computer and brought it out and handed a copy to Beth. She then came over to me and wrapped her arms around my neck and softly said, "Dad, you didn't forget. I love you so much."
I kissed Terri's cheek and said, "No honey, I didn't forget. It's been really hectic the last few days and today is the first day I'll have some breathing room."
We finished breakfast and I looked at Kim and Beth saying, "We need to get on the road so we can beat the traffic."
The three of us stood up, along with Jenna, and then everyone else stood up and rushed out of the dining room towards the kitchen. The four of us walked around the corner into the kitchen and saw everyone lined up ready to hug and kiss us as we made our way to the garage door. When I got to Ted I looked at him and shook his hand with a huge smile on my face.
Kim got in the front passenger seat and Beth climbed into the back driver's side seat so she could see Kim and talk to her as I drove. As I was backing out of the garage I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye and looked over at Kim just as she finished pulling her skirt up around her hips baring her bald pussy and her long toned legs which were covered partially by thigh high stockings. I drove down our driveway and out the gate as Kim settled back in her seat and spread her legs, then looked at me with a gigantic smile spread across her face. I glanced at Kim's face then down at her spread legs and bald pussy before asking, "Is there something you want to tell me dear?"
Kim maintained her smile saying, "I listened to the stories last night about Beth in the hotel room and I already know Jenna is an exhibitionist and she loves to strip naked to show off her body. I got so turned on the other day when I took the cab over to the hospital and I let the cab driver see my naked pussy. I want someone who isn't a nudist see my whole body. Honey, one of my fantasies is to be tied up completely naked near a jogging path in the woods and be discovered by the joggers. But for right now, I will be happy to let the truck drivers see my pussy on the way to work, like Jenna does."
I looked at Kim questioningly and asked, "What do you mean like Jenna does?"
Kim smiled and said, "Jenna told me she loves to pull her skirt all the way up around her waist or take it off completely and drive down the road with her legs spread wide and let the truck drivers see her pussy. She said she gets so turned on she has to have a towel on her seat to soak up her juices. I watched her do it the other day when I rode to work with her. She is so sexy and the truck drivers honk their loud air horns and try to keep up with her. Jenna even rubs her pussy for some of them. God, I'm getting so fucking hot just thinking about what she did the other day."
I was suddenly aware that my cock was down my left pant leg and the material of my suit pants seemed to be too tight. I asked Kim what Jenna did the other day and Kim replied, "Honey, she took off her skirt before she got into the car. I asked her what she was doing and she told me to relax and watch her. When we got on the interstate highway she moved to the center lane and drove along. Each time we pulled up beside a big truck, she slowed down just enough so the truck driver had a chance to look into her car and see her spread legs and bald pussy. When she heard them honk their air horn she knew they had seen her. She would hesitate a few more seconds and then move on to the next truck. Honey, our daughter is a horny lil girl and she loves to let other people see her pussy. I was so excited watching her the other day; I want to try it today."
I caught Beth's blank stare in my rear view mirror and asked, "Are you wearing panties today or is this a female conspiracy to make all the men you come in contact with today, horny?"
Beth smiled and said, "Honestly Dan, "I forgot to grab a pair of panties out of my closet yesterday when we got ready to leave the office, so no, I am not currently wearing any panties either. I was going to put some on when I got to work."
I pulled up on the interstate and immediately Kim reclined her seat all the way back so she was lying down. Her skirt was folded up around her waist and her legs were spread as wide as the car would allow her; Kim's pussy was totally on display. I saw a big truck up ahead and sped up a little to catch it, and as I was pulling up beside it, I slowed down so I could pace the truck and eased up beside the cab. We drove beside the truck for a few seconds before a loud blast made me jerk the steering wheel thinking I was about to hit something. I heard Kim giggle and when I looked over at her she was waving upward, presumably at the truck driver. I saw Kim dip her middle finger of her left hand into her pussy and then bring it up to her lips and lick it off with her tongue. Kim giggled again and said, "Ok honey, you can drive ahead now, he had a very good look at your wife's pussy."
I pressed down on the gas and pulled away from the truck, but my mind was spinning a hundred miles an hour. At the same time, my cock was trying to bust the inseam of my dress pants. Kim turned her head and looked at me saying, "I am going to have an orgasm soon. This is fucking unreal."
I reached in my pocket and pulled out my hanky and handed it to Kim saying, "Darling I love you to pieces but you've got to stop because my cock wants to rip the threads apart on my pants."
Kim smiled and wiped her soaking wet pussy with my hanky. She then adjusted her seat up in the sitting position again before tucking my hanky between her legs saying, while showing me her wonderful white toothed smile, "I don't want to leak on the seat."
A block or so from her office Kim pulled her skirt down as much as she could while seated. When I pulled up in front of her office, Kim turned and kissed me saying, "This is only the beginning, there's much more to come and soon."
Beth stayed in the back seat after I dropped Kim off. When I pulled into my parking space, she waited for me to open her door. She swung one leg out and put her foot on the ground before lifting the other leg and bringing it out of the car. I stood mesmerized as Beth's beautiful pussy winked at me before Beth stood up and adjusted her skirt. I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Don't bother wearing any panties today. I want you to show me that beautiful pussy today, when you get the chance. But please be discreet."
Beth smiled at me then leaned over next to my ear and whispered, "I'll work naked if you ask me to, as long as I won't get into trouble."
My cock was busting, trying to rip my pants. I asked Beth to walk in front of me so no one would notice the lump down my left pant leg. We made it to our office without having to stop and talk to anyone other than stopping briefly to talk to Kelly. As we were walking into Beth's office Kelly announced she would be in shortly with our coffee. I walked into my office with Beth right behind me and after the door was closed I said, "I've got to go take care of this, it hurts."
I was walking towards my bathroom when there was a knock on the door. Beth opened it and Kelly walked in with two cups of coffee and two cheese Danish on a tray. I looked at Beth who shrugged her shoulders and then I smiled at Kelly saying, "Thank you very much for the coffee and the Danish."
I went into my bathroom and closed the door and immediately pulled my cock out. I started stroking it while remembering Kim spreading her legs and showing some complete stranger her baby bald pussy. Within seconds I could feel my cum move towards the end of my cock and I squeezed my hand a little tighter to make Rosie Palm and her four daughters seem like a virgin as I shot my load, stream after stream into the toilet. I thought I was never going to stop cumming, but alas all good things have to come to an end. I used a wash cloth and cleaned up before I flushed the toilet and pulled my pants up and fastened them into place. I looked in the mirror and then picked up another wash cloth and washed my face so it didn't look so flushed. When I opened my bathroom door and walked out I saw Beth and Kelly sitting and talking. I walked over behind my desk and picked up my coffee cup and took a sip. I listened to Beth and Kelly a few moments, then Kelly got up and walked out of my office saying, "I'll notify Joe immediately."
After Kelly left the room Beth waited for about a half a minute before she burst out laughing and then stopped briefly to make a sound like, "Uuuuuuuuugh! Ohhhhhhhhhh!" then she started laughing again.
I looked across my desk at Beth with a quizzical look and she slowed her laughs and giggles long enough to say, "We heard you! ....... We heard you groan through the door when you came. I knew what you were doing in there, but I hope Kelly only thought you were just going to the bathroom."
I sat behind my desk and smiled at Beth before saying, "Note to ourselves: from now on don't think the door will hold back any loud noises."
Beth told me she had everything arranged for Jeff to be brought to my office and all she had to do was call Charlie Doyle and set him up with an appointment for ten thirty in my office.
I looked at Beth and asked her, "Did you mean what you said in the car? Will you work naked for me if I asked you to?"
Beth stood up and walked over to the door and locked it then turned and stood facing me and unbuttoned her jacket before sliding it off and folding it and hanging it on the back of the nearby chair. Looking directly into my eyes she unbuttoned her blouse and took it off. I sat behind my desk and watched as Beth released her bra and let the straps slide down her arms before allowing the cups to fall away from her beautiful tits. She placed it on top of her other clothes. While her eyes were in direct contact with mine she unfastened the buttoned and zipper on the side of her skirt and held it momentarily before she let go and it slithered to the floor. Standing before me in only her black thigh high stocking, her three inch heels, with a gigantic smile on her face, she said, "I will do anything you request me to do. I won't care who is in the room; you ask and I'll do it. All I ask is that I won't be asked to do anything that will get me fired. I love you, Dan Morrison, and I love your family. I want to be part of your family."
Looking at Beth, I asked, "I want you to think about your answer and be extremely sure of your answer before you give it to me. Are you absolutely sure you will do anything I ask you to do as long as you aren't going to be fired?"
Beth picked up her clothes and unlocked my door and walked into her office and out of my sight for a few moments before she returned leaving my door open all the way and walking over to my desk saying, "Dan, I am now standing before you completely naked with your office door open and my clothes are neatly hung in my closet. If someone was to walk in here right now, they would see all of my nakedness and there isn't anything close by for me to cover myself. I have witnessed the type of man you are, therefore, with the understanding of how vulnerable I am at this moment and that I could only do this if I trusted you with all my heart and soul, you won't let anything happen to me, I give you my oath that I will do anything for you."
I stood up and walked around my desk and took Beth in my arms and hugged her nakedness to my body saying, "I will never let any harm come to you if it is in my power to prevent it. You have proven your point and your commitment to me, not that I had any doubt after all these years. Sweetheart, thank you for being who you are. Now go get dressed, but only what you were already wearing."
I watched with lust as Beth walked away from me and her tight ass cheeks barely bouncing. She was out of my sight for a few moments and reappeared carrying her clothes. I watched in stunned silence as Beth stood in the middle of her office facing me and tantalizingly put on one article of clothing at a time leaving her skirt for last. I openly stared as her bald pussy until it was covered, then I looked up into Beth's lust filled eyes before saying, "You are a very sexy woman, I am so happy that we have learned more about each other and I anticipate, we will fulfill every one of your fantasies and maybe even some you didn't know you have."
Beth walked into my office and sat down and intentionally opened her legs before sliding forward causing her skirt to slide up, saying, "I want you to expose me. I want you to tell me to take something off and I will do it no matter who is watching. I want you to make me spread my legs and proudly show off my pussy to anyone you choose to show. I want you to make my body yours. This morning on the way to work when Kim showed those truck drivers her pussy, she flipped a switch in me that I can't explain, but then again, I don't want to try either. Dan, I want to experience forced exhibitionism even though I am giving you my permission now to do it. I want you to choose the time and the place and when you tell me to do something I don't want you to ask me if it's ok. Dan, do you understand what I want you to do for me?"
I sat behind my desk not believing what I just heard from Beth but in a husky voice I replied, "I know what you are asking me to do, but that's not my normal nature. I will have to start slow and see how it goes. I have an idea to test my ability and your willingness to accomplish what you want if you are willing to go along with me."
Beth said, "I don't want you to ask my opinion on anything, you tell me and I'll do it. Please, I have to know what it's like to be forced to expose my body to someone who isn't a nudist or that we know."
I thought for a minute then said, "We are going to take a long lunch today, clear my calendar from noon until two thirty. We are going to go shopping."
****************************
Terri, Hanna, Ted, Marion, Mary, and Shelly were eating breakfast around the breakfast counter when the doorbell rang and all eyes immediately looked at the monitor and saw Debbie and Ashley standing outside the front door. Shelly stood up and joined Terri as she walked out of the kitchen heading toward the front door. Terri opened the door and welcomed in both girls and then led the way back to the kitchen after closing and locking the door again. Everyone sat down, except for Terri, who poured two cups of coffee for the new arrivals.
They sat around the breakfast counter talking when Terri said, "I'm going to call a locksmith this morning and have one come out here today to make some keys for the front door. I want to give a key to Ashley and Debbie and one to Ted and Marion. It makes no sense to have each of you knock on the door each time you come to work."
The gate phone rang and Terri walked over and picked it up before asking, "May I help you?"
She listened to a male voice ask, "Is Ted Johnson there?"
Terri handed the handset to Ted saying, "A man is asking for you."
Ted said, "Hello, how may I help you?"
Ted heard the male voice say, "Ted, this is Ben. I'm out here by the gate. How do I get in?"
Ted said, "Just a second Ben, I'll open it and then you can drive up to the house. I'll meet you out on the front porch."
Ted pushed the code into the handset to open the gate then said, "This is Ben, he's the carpenter I have coming to cut the hole in the den wall. Terri, please make a confidentiality statement for me while I put my shorts on to go out and meet him."
Ted was outside for a few minutes when we heard him come back into the house and talk to someone as they walked into the den. Ted came out to the kitchen saying, "It would be best if all of you stayed out here for now. Terri, I hope you don't mind but Ben is a religious person and he won't work naked and he's most likely not interested in seeing all of you naked. Maybe you can lounge on the deck for a couple of hours or so while Ben cuts the hole in the wall and inserts the air conditioner."
The door bell rang and once again all of us looked at the monitor and saw Bill standing outside. Ted smiled and said, "I'll go let him in and bring him back here so all you females can tease the poor man."
Once Bill walked into the kitchen, Shelly was first to stand up and hooked her arm around Bill's before saying in a coy feminine voice, "Come on Bill, we need to go out on the deck and pull your hose out."
Bill said with a huge smile on his face, "Good morning everyone, I guess I don't have a choice."
A chorus of female voices rang out saying, "Good morning, Bill."
Shelly opened the sliding glass doors and pulled Bill out on the deck and just as Shelly was lifting Bill's tee-shirt over his head, Hanna asked, "May I help you take his shorts off?
Shelly turned and smiled at Hanna before saying, "Oh sweetie, you can help me do anything."
Shelly dropped to her knees in front of Bill and Hanna walked over and followed Shelly's lead and got down on her knees. Shelly looked at Hanna and smiled then asked, "Want to make this man hard?"
Hanna shyly smiled back saying, "Yes, I want to see his hard cock up close and personal."
Shelly reached behind Hanna's head and pulled Hanna's face towards hers as she said, "Kiss me. I mean really kiss me like you mean it and watch the lump in his shorts grow."
Shelly and Hanna kissed passionately for a couple of minutes allowing their hands to roam over each other's tits and soon the lump in Bill's shorts was twitching. Bill let out a moan and soon afterwards, Shelly broke off her kiss with Hanna. They smiled at each other then Shelly said, "Go ahead and take his shorts off and unveil that monster lurking behind that zipper."
With shaking hands, Hanna reached up and nervously unbuttoned Bill's shorts while Shelly used her hand to rub Bill's cock. Once Hanna pulled his zipper down she reached up and hooked her fingers into the waistband and started to draw Bill's short down over his hips then down his legs. When his cock popped out of its constraints, Hanna stared at it and was amazed at the sheer size of it, right in front of her face. Shelly tried to wrap her hand around Bill's cock, but the girth was just too wide to fit her hand all the way around it. Bill let out a moan as Shelly started to stroke his cock, and then she moved her face close and opened her mouth and stretched it over the head of his cock. Bill automatically pushed his hips forward, but Shelly controlled how much of his cock she allowed to go into her mouth. Hanna remained on her knees beside Shelly and watched as she sucked and stroked Bill's cock. About three or four minutes later Bill said, "Shelly, I'm going to cum."
Shelly renewed her efforts to massage Bill's huge cock and suck his cock head. She felt it swell in her mouth as she felt the first shot hit the back of her mouth. Shelly went into full motion and kept swallowing as she sucked. Shelly continued licking and sucking Bill's cock until she cleaned all the cum off his cock. When she was finished and pulled back from Bill's cock, an audible pop could be heard. Shelly looked up at Bill asking him, "Do you feel better now?"
Bill smiled at the two females kneeling in front of him before saying, "Oh my God, I can't believe how lucky I am to be working here. Speaking of work, I need to get going. If I have some time when I finish, I would love to return the favor."
Shelly smiled and said, "Bill, you have a fantastic cock and I'll suck it some more if you have time."
Bill reached down and helped both females to stand then hugged both of them to his naked body trapping his huge flaccid cock between their bodies. Shelly purred and said, "Oh yeah, I'd love to feel that monster thing inside me soon." They broke their hug and Bill went to work cleaning the pool while Shelly and Hanna went over and sat down at the table and started talking.
Terri came out on the deck five minutes later and walked over to the pool and watched Bill for a few minutes before saying, "The next time we have a party here, I'm going to make sure you get invited so you can have a better chance to put that cock to work in some nice, hot, juicy pussy."
Bill was standing down inside the pool so he had to look up to see Terri. After a few seconds of surveying her naked body, especially her beautiful bald pussy peeking out at the apex of her thighs, he said, "Just seeing your sweet naked body is enough to drive me wild."
Bill was finishing up when Mary called out to Terri notifying her that the locksmith was at the gate. Terri replied, "Go ahead and open the gate for him and tell him to come to the front door."
When the doorbell rang, Terri walked to the door with Shelly and she opened it slowly. She stood directly in front of the door and when the pudgy middle aged man standing on the porch saw Terri, he said in a southern drawl, "Beg pardon ma'am, but didn't ya'll forget something?"
Terri smiled at the man asking, "What did I forget?"
The man looked into Terri's eyes before he said, "Ma'am, just in case ya didn't notice, yer naked. Not that I mind, I want ya to know, but don't ya think ya better put something on before someone else sees ya?"
Terri started to giggle then she said, "It's ok mister, we're nudists here and we don't wear clothes when we're at home."
Right after Terri finished speaking, Shelly stepped around into the open doorway and the pudgy man looked at Shelly then back to Terri before he let his eyes wander up and down Shelly's naked body. Finally he said in an excited southern drawl, "Lord almighty, girls! Ya'll jist made my day complete. I ain't never seen two naked females in one day, never I'm tellin' ya! 'Specially as beautiful as you two are."
Shelly spoke up, using an imitation southern drawl, saying, "Why thank ya kind sir. My bo ain't told me I'm beautiful for over a month now. I'm gonna tell him what a kind man I met today."
Terri said, "I don't want to hold you up too long, so I'll tell you I need some keys made for this door. What do you need to make some for me?"
"Ma'am, I jist need a key that ya'll are usin' now and I kin make ya as many as ya want." The pudgy man said.
He continued by saying, "I kin make em in my van or I can bring my portable in here and make em in front of ya. Some people are fussy 'bout givin' a key to someone they don't know even tho I'm licensed and bonded."
Terri looked at Shelly and smiled before saying in her little girl voice, "Mister, if you would like to make my keys in my nice cool home instead of outside in your hot van, I can even give you a cold drink while you work."
The pudgy man asked, "Are ya'll gonna stay naked?"
Again Shelly spoke up in her imitation southern drawl, "Why mister key man, ya'll won't mind sitting down with us naked girls, would ya?"
The pudgy man started to sweat and he wiped his forehead before he said, "I cain't do anything with ya cause I'm married to my wife for twenty years. But I hope ya'll don't mind if I look at ya'll."
Terri smiled and said, "We won't mind a bit. Go get your things and we'll wait for you."
The pudgy man turned and hurried off the porch. While he was gone Terri turned to Shelly and with an evil grin she said, "Wait until he sees everyone else. He'll shit his pants."
A few minutes later the pudgy guy was walking back towards them carrying a case in each hand. When he got up on the porch both girls turned and stepped back into the house and waited for him to come through the door before Shelly closed it and locked it. Terri said, "Please follow me and we will go into the kitchen so you can work. It sure is a hot day out there. Would you like something cold to drink?"
The pudgy guy was following close behind Terri watching her ass move with each step she took and said, "Yes ma'am, I'll have a glass of ice water if you don't mind."
When they walked into the kitchen the pudgy guy stopped dead in his tracks and yelled, "Good Lord almighty! Hot damn! What ya'll got here, a house full of naked women? Man I done think I fucking died and gone to heaven! Oops, sorry ma'am for cussin'."
All the females in the room started laughing and the pudgy man stood there holding his cases and his eye balls moving so fast trying to see all the girls before they covered up their bodies. But none of them moved to cover anything. Finally Terri said, "You can set up your things over there on that small table if you like. I'll get you a stool to sit on."
As the pudgy guy set up his key making machine and opened his blank key case he was looking around at all the tits and pussy in the room and couldn't believe his luck. When Hanna and Bill came strolling through the sliding glass doors from the deck, the pudgy guy took one look at Hanna's naked body then at Bill's huge cock hanging in front of him and literally fell off the stool he was sitting on and landed on his back yelling, "Holy God almighty, look at that there cock on that fella! Tain't no wonder all these gals are runnin' round here naked."
The pudgy guy got up off the floor and reached down and stood up his stool then looked over at Bill before asking him, "How the hell do ya fit that there monster thing into these gals? I ain't got half as much as ya'll do and my wife said I'm too big for her."
Shelly came to Bill's rescue by saying in her imitation southern drawl voice, "Oh but mister, Bill here is as gentle as a lamb. He don't ram that thing into nobody. It fills us up so good, we don't need no more men when he finishes with us, right girls?"
Terri, Hanna, Marion, Mary, and Shelly all replied in unison, "That's right."
All of a sudden Ashley and Debbie came walking into the kitchen and the pudgy guy whirled around and looked both girls up and down then he said, "Som-bitch boy how many women do ya got here? I ain't never seen but one naked woman at a time and that's my wife. Ya'll got seven women here. Mind if I ask if yer fuckin' all of them?"
Shelly once again spoke up in her southern drawl saying, "Ya know mister, a decent bell never kisses and tells. Ya'll can't expect the boy to tell ya either. I think ya should just enjoy the view. 'Specially since ya'll are gettin' to see something ya never seen afore."
The pudgy guy said, "Ya'll are right ma'am, I was out of line. But the view sure is wonderful. I see ya'll have bald pussies and I'm gonna have the wife get out the weed whacker and clean hers off when I get home tonight. I like what I'm a seein'."
Terri handed the pudgy guy the key to the front door and said, "I'd like six of this key made if you can."
The pudgy guy looked at the key then opened the case of blank keys in it and immediately selected the right blank to use. He counted out six blanks then inserted the original key into the machine then pushed a blank into the slot next to the original key. He turned the machine on and within five seconds the key was cut. He pulled the new key out of the machine and put another blank in. Just as he was cutting the second key, Shelly came over and stood right next to him and parted her feet a little bit and she saw the pudgy guy look directly at her pussy. Shelly leaned over and let her "C" cup titties dangle as she asked, "How do ya know the key yer cuttin' will work in the door?"
The pudgy guy looked at Shelly's hanging tits then up at her face before he replied, "Damn ma'am, thems some great looking titties ya got there. They sure look good nuff to feed on. But ta answer ya, I know my keys will work cause this heres one of them new computer machine. It reads the ole key and cuts the new one same way."
Shelly remained bent over watching the guy and used every excuse she could think of to point at something so her tit was closer to the guy. The poor guy was sitting in an air conditioned house and he was sweating. Shelly finally asked someone to bring him a paper towel and Terri jumped up and ripped a couple of paper towels off the roll. When she walked over next to the guy, she stood next to his left elbow and handed him the paper towels. He looked sideways and there was Terri's pussy. To make matters worse for the guy, Terri put her hands on her hips and parted her feet enough until she felt her pussy open just a little bit. Terri smiled to herself as she watched the guy turn his head towards her as the final key was being cut and look directly at her pussy a little over a foot away from his face. When the final key was out of the machine, Terri and Shelly watched as he brushed each of them a few times then picked all of them up and said, "Let's go check 'em."
Shelly asked, "I thought ya said they'll work."
The pudgy guy smiled and replied, "I did, didn't I? Well no time like the present ta find out."
Terri stepped back to allow the pudgy guy to stand up, then the trio walked to the front door. The pudgy guy tried all six keys in the lock and all of them worked, so he said, "Looks like we have a winner, girls."
Shelly stayed behind to close and lock the door before she wandered back to the kitchen. The pudgy guy was packing up his cases and Terri was writing a check by the time Shelly walked back into the kitchen. The pudgy guy looked at Shelly's body and said, "I can't wait to get home and tell my wife ya'll run around the house naked. Fact is, I just might strip her naked and enjoy her some more."
Shelly moved in close to the pudgy guy and said, "Ya know, ya should be good to yer wife and ask her to strip for ya. Maybe she might like to be naked and ya just never asked before. And ya know, ya really shouldn't spread stories about the people ya meet, 'cause someday ya might just meet em on the street, if ya know what I mean. I'd keep this a lil secret 'tween us."
The pudgy guy looked at Shelly and said, "Ya know, yer right ma'am. I ain't gonna say anything 'bout what I seen here cause ya might need more keys or something and I'd be right proud to come out here again and do the work for ya. The view has been great, tho."
Shelly asked, "Do ya have a card and we'll sure ask fer ya the next time we need something."
The pudgy guy pulled out his wallet and handed Shelly one of his business cards then as an afterthought he handed her a second card saying, "If ya have any friends who need a locksmith, have 'em call me. 'Specially if thar gonna be naked like ya'll are."
Shelly said, "Let me see yer hands."
When the pudgy guy put his hands out in front of him Shelly reached out wrapped her hands around each wrist and brought the pudgy guy's hands up and placed them on her tits. The pudgy guy's eyes opened wide and he said, "Ma'am, I ain't sposed to do this."
Shelly grinned at him and said, "I know, but ya ben a perfect gentleman so I'm givin' ya a lil present to remember me by. Go ahead and feel them and squeeze them if ya want."
The pudgy guy looked into Shelly's eyes as he massaged her tits then he asked in a quiet voice, "Kin I feel how smooth ya are down below? I ain't never felt a bald one afore and it sure does look good 'nuff ta eat."
Shelly smiled at the pudgy guy and said, "Yer are a naughty boy aren't ya. But seeins how ya been so polite, go ahead and feel me down thar, ifin ya want ta."
A huge smile spread across the pudgy guy's face and his right hand left Shelly's tit and slowly traveled down across her flat stomach, over her pubic mound and at the last second, Shelly spread her feet apart and gave him full access to the sweet flower bed between her legs. Instantly his hand was coated with Shelly's juices and his hand slid so easily back and forth over her outer lips. Shelly was so wet that when he was rubbing his hand back and forth his middle finger parted her lips giving way for him to finger fuck her. He crooked his finger and let it slide into Shelly's hot wet hole causing Shelly to lean her upper body against the pudgy guy and moan softly. No words were spoken as he continued to slide his finger in and out of Shelly, bumping her clit with the palm of his hand. Shelly reached down and moved his hand and placed his middle finger on her clit and said, "Right thar. Rub me right thar."
The pudgy guy did as he was told and soon Shelly breathing erratically and gasping for air then began humping and cumming all over his hand. Shelly held the pudgy guy close to her until her orgasm died away and then she said, "Thank ya kind sir. Ya jist done me the best favor a gal could ask fer."
The pudgy guy stood there looking at Shelly until she asked, "Do ya want me to take care of that fer ya?"
He blushed and said, "Oh God no. I ain't never messed around on my wife and I cain't let ya do that. If I can use your bathroom, I can do it myself."
Shelly said, "Come with me, I'll show ya whar the bathroom is."
The pudgy guy disappeared into the bathroom and five minutes later he opened the door and came back to the kitchen with a smile on his face. Shelly asked, "Feel any better?"
The pudgy guy said, "I was so worked up I only had ta start and it shot out of me like a missle. Man ya sure know how to rile an ole guy up."
Shelly smiled at the pudgy guy and said, "Well this will be our dirty lil secret and we won't tell anyone, ok?"
The pudgy guy said, "Oh yeah ma'am, I ain't sayin' a word ta nobody."
He picked up his cases and Shelly escorted him to the front door and then let him out. On the porch she grabbed his arm and turned him around and kissed him smack on the lips. His eyes flew open and he said, "Thank ya ma'am. I'd be going now."
Shelly waited for him to get in his truck and start driving down the driveway before she walked back into the house. When she got to the kitchen all the girls started ribbing her about teasing the poor man and then getting off on his finger. Shelly replied, "He loved every minute of it. And Terri you've got a lot to talk about. You stood right next to him and let him look at your pussy."
With a laugh then a giggle Terri replied, "I know, I'm such a hussy."
Everyone decided to go out to lie in the sun and soak in the pool, so all them got up and walked out on the deck to relax.
****************************
The morning passed quickly and soon Charlie Doyle was at Kelly's desk. She paged Beth to let her know and Beth knocked on my door before opening it saying, "Charlie Doyle is here for your ten thirty appointment."
I looked up and said, "Please show him in and inform Kelly when Jeff Simpson arrives, she can show him in as well."
I stood up and walked around my desk as Charlie walked in and came right over to me and shook my hand. Beth showed Charlie where to sit and then took her seat and opened up her steno pad while I took my seat behind my desk.
Charlie looked nervous so I immediately put his nerves to rest by saying, "Thanks for coming. I want to talk to you about a new position I want to start in your department. As you know I am very familiar with your department because I only left it a couple of days ago. I have a man coming here in a minute that I'm going to hire for that position today. I want you to be here to meet him and welcome him. I have talked to him before when I was the head of your department and I was going to suggest to Tom Banks we hire him, but things happened so quickly. I'm in the position now to create the position and hire him."
There was a soft knock on the door and Beth got up to answer it. When she opened the door I saw Jeff standing beside Kelly. I smiled at him, then stood up and walked around my desk to greet him. Kelly turned to go back to her office when I said, "Kelly, I want you to stay as well so you can help set up everything for Jeff Simpson when we're finished."
As an extra chair was being moved around to the front of my desk, I sat down and waited until everyone was seated then I said to Jeff, "Jeff Simpson, the man to your right is Charlie Doyle. When we finish in a little while he is going to be your supervisor. On your left is Kelly Jones and Beth Thompson and they are my secretaries. I want to start off by saying for the record that I have interviewed Jeff Simpson prior to today because I wanted him to come to work for me as a manager in my old department. However, I'm not the supervisor of that department any longer. Jeff since we did your interview, I have become the CEO of this corporation." Jeff smiled at me but didn't say a word.
I continued by saying, "Jeff, when I talked to you, I told you I had a manager's job for you. The position hadn't been created before today. I had planned on working with our then CEO Tom Banks, but now I can create the position myself. Jeff, are you still interested in coming to work for us?"
Jeff sat silent looking at me, then Charlie, before he asked, "What will I be doing?"
I asked Charlie to explain about his department and what his department does for our company. Charlie nervously looked at me and hesitated for a few seconds then started talking. I sat back and listened and smiled to myself because Charlie is the one I had recommended for another position, but he ended up with my old job. He did an excellent job describing everything about his department before he stopped and asked Jeff if he had any more questions. Jeff looked back at me and asked, "What will I be managing? What will be my job in that department?"
I looked directly at Jeff's eyes and said, "I know, from talking to you previously, that you are a people person and that's the type of person I want to fill this position. You will be working under Charlie as a manager. I'll have a job description for you to review by the end of the day if you accept the position. I want you to remember where you came from and be willing to assist others above and beyond the job title we give you. I expect you to work hard and you will be well compensated for your efforts. You will report to work starting tomorrow morning and between Charlie and my secretaries they will get you all set up today. Now the question remains, do you want to fill this manager's position?"
Jeff visibly gulped and said, "Dan, I really appreciate everything you have done for me in creating this new position and putting enough trust in me to offer it to me, yes, by all means I accept your offer."
I looked at Jeff and said, "I have an appointment that will take me away from the office until two thirty today. During that time you will be filling out your application, which is only a formality at this point. We have a staff doctor who will give you a physical, at no cost to you, right after you finish your application."
I looked at Kelly and said, "Kelly, notify the doctor and make an appointment for Jeff to get a physical done immediately. If his secretary gives you any problems, tell her that I need Jeff to have his physical immediately so we can finish processing him."
Kelly smiled and said, "Yes sir. I'll call as soon as I leave here."
I scribbled a name on a piece of paper then called Kelly over to my desk and said, "I want you to look up the wage scale for him and put together an equal package with the normal benefits. I want that ready to present to Jeff when I return this afternoon."
Looking at Charlie I said, "Charlie, I want you to take Jeff on a tour of your department and introduce him to the all the people there once he's finished with this other stuff. Then I want you to bring him back to Kelly so I can meet with him and finalize everything."
I looked around the room and asked, "Does anyone have any more questions?"
Everyone looked around and then back at me before I said, "Ok, Jeff, I'll meet you back here when I return from my appointment this afternoon. At that time I'll have your job description and a wage package to offer you."
I stood up and walked around my desk and shook hands with Jeff and Charlie before they turned and walked out. I asked Kelly to stay behind for a few seconds and when Charlie and Jeff were out of the room I looked at Kelly saying, I want you to work with Charlie and the notes I have on this paper and work up a job description for the position I'm creating. I want you to take good care of Jeff, he's special to me."
I looked at my watch and realized we were ahead of schedule and I called to Kelly just as she was ready to close the doors saying, "Beth and I are going to be leaving early, we will be back around two thirty."
Kelly said, "No problem, I'll take care of everything until you return."
Beth and I walked down to my car and got in and pulled out of our parking garage onto the street. Beth looked at me and said, "Please remember Dan, you have my permission to force me to do whatever you want me to do. What I crave is to be exposed in whatever way you want to expose me. Also I know this is a last minute thing, but I want you to know this is not a one-time occurrence. I want you to do this many times, especially when I least expect it. I know I'm repeating myself, but I want to make sure you know that you have my permission because I know your family policy is only with the consent of all participating parties."
I looked at Beth and said, "I have done many things in my life, but I have never been given permission to control another person's life and it is scary to me, but I will do my best. I promise, I will try not to ask your permission after I tell you to do something."
I drove over to the shop where we had purchased our suits a couple days ago and parked out in front of the store. I looked at Beth and asked, "Are you positively sure you want to do this, because we can always go and have a great leisure lunch?"
Beth turned to me saying, "Dan, I want you to make me strip, I want you to expose me, and finally Dan, I love and trust you."
I frowned and said, "Ok then, let's go into the store and get you naked."
Beth stayed seated until I opened her door for her and she purposely spread her legs apart to show me his glistening pussy lips as she put one foot out of the car at a time. Beth saw me looking and smiled at me saying, "I'm so fucking horny right now, I almost want you to fuck me right here on the street where everyone can see us."
I smiled and ushered her into the store and immediately we were approached by a salesman asking if he could help us. I smiled at him before saying, "We were in here the other day and a young lady named Cindy and a young man named Jeff assisted us very efficiently, so I would like to do more business with them if they are here."
The salesman turned on his heel and said, "If you will wait right here I will page them for you."
Right after he walked away from us I saw Cindy walking towards us with a big smile on her face. Suddenly we heard the store intercom call for Cindy and Jeff and I smiled saying, we asked for you, he's just paging you for us. We stood where we were and within a minute Jeff appeared and walked over to us. He shook my hand and asked, "What may we do for you today?"
I looked at Beth giving her one last chance to back out before I said anything and she was standing beside me smiling so I said, "We went on our trip and now we have another to go on so we need a few more things before we leave. However, since we are leaving later this evening, we will need to get everything now, no matter what it takes to accomplish and the worst part is we only have a short while to get it done and get back to the office. I hope you understand that we will need complete discretion on both of your parts so we can accomplish what we need to get done in the time frame we have to do it. I hope you understand what I'm saying, since you work in this type of shop."
Cindy was a little bit faster than Jeff when she said, "Don't worry, both of us will be very discreet and you won't have anything to worry about. Are both of you going to shop together like the last time?"
I smiled at Cindy before replying, "Yes, if you and Jeff are ok with working with a male and female together."
Jeff caught on and said in a quiet voice, "Don't worry Mr. Morrison, we will take very good care of you and Ms. Thompson while you are here."
I was impressed Jeff remembered our names, but then again a good tip helps people remember many things. Cindy asked, "Where do you want to start?"
I smiled and said, "I don't want to sound chauvinistic, but I know it takes females longer to choose their clothes and other items than it does a male, so why don't we start with selecting the things that Beth needs."
I leaned over and asked Cindy, "I have to ask, because I don't know, but do you have lingerie in this store?"
Cindy looked at Beth before saying, "Yes, we have lingerie, but that's up on the second floor; please follow us."
The four of us walked through the aisles of suits towards the back of the store where Cindy pushed the button for the elevator. The doors opened and we stepped on and rode to the second floor. We got off and followed Cindy through more aisles before we reached the lingerie section where she turned and asked Beth, what do you need or what are you looking for?"
Beth was nervous and when she hesitated too long I asked, "Cindy, do you have a bustier and corset section?"
Cindy walked over an aisle and started talking to Beth asking about her size and material she was looking for. I said, "We would like something in lace and something in satin and whatever we choose should be white or black."
With Jeff standing right beside me, Beth told Cindy her bra size, along with her dress and panty sizes. Cindy started pulling samples off the racks for us to look at. We made several selections and some even required to be laced up. I asked Cindy to take us to the panty and bra section so we could make some selections. Cindy handed Jeff the bustiers and corsets we had selected and asked him to take them back by the dressing room and hang them up while we looked at panties and bras. Beth was talking to Cindy once Jeff walked away saying, "I hope you don't mind Jeff being with us while we are shopping for my female items. I'll need to try on these items to make sure they fit and I'll need to get your opinion which items look good on me."
Cindy turned to Beth as she was helping to select some panties and said, "Don't worry about Jeff, he's cool and if you want I can chase him away while you try on these items."
Beth was quick to say, "He works in an upscale clothing store so he must be used to seeing people; right?"
Cindy replied, "Well, it's not my place to tell what customers do, but your guess is right on."
I saw Beth smile as they finished by selecting some sheer panties and bras before grabbing everything and headed towards the dressing rooms which were three sided rooms with a curtain across the front. I looked at Beth and said, "We need to get you in and out of these so we can select which ones to take, so just go in a room and take off your clothes and we'll hand you in an item to try on."
Beth stepped into a changing room and I said, "Let us know when you want something to try on."
I looked at Cindy and asked her, "What do you think will look best on Beth. Let's try that first."
Cindy made her selection, took it off the hanger, and handed it to me. Jeff was standing right behind me when Beth said, "Ok, I'm naked, what do you have for me?"
I pulled the curtain back a little way and handed Beth the bustier we chose from her selections. A few moments later she said, "I need some help getting it on."
I looked around and only the three of us were standing by the dressing room so I said, "There's only Cindy and Jeff here so come out and we'll give you a hand getting it on."
Beth pulled the curtain back without any hesitation and stepped out of the dressing room completely naked holding the bustier. Jeff turned and started to walk away when I said, "It's ok Jeff; you can stay."
Jeff's face was bright red as he turned back around and saw Beth standing completely naked and not trying to cover herself in any way. To make things more interesting, I asked Jeff, "Have you ever helped a lady put one of those things on?"
Jeff blushed a deeper red and said, "No Mr. Morrison, this is a first for me."
I asked, "Is it a first that you've seen a lady naked or a first for you to help her try something on?"
Jeff said, "Normally the female salesperson takes care of female customers, so this is a first time I've been around a woman trying on merchandise."
I noticed Jeff's eyes were glued to Beth bald pussy so I said to Beth, "Listen, we don't have much time to be messing around, so let's get this over with so we can move on. Beth, spread your legs and let Jeff see you so he won't be worried about assisting us."
Beth handed Cindy the bustier and then facing Jeff, Beth parted her feet and said, "This is all I have to show you Jeff, please take a look so we can get you used to being around me while I try on this lingerie."
Jeff stared blankly at Beth's pussy before she reached down and rubbed her middle finger up the center of her crack then raising her finger to her mouth and licking it off. Jeff's pants immediately showed a lump growing, tenting out the front of his pants. I looked at Beth and said, "Beth, turn around and spread your feet then bend over so we can see you from behind."
Beth followed my instruction immediately and when she was bent over all of us could see the female fluids lubricating the inside of her pussy. I looked at Jeff and asked him, "Do you want to see her do anything else?"
Jeff coughed and said, "No sir, she is very beautiful and I see she is tanned all over with only faint tan lines down between her legs. Does she use a tanning booth or something?"
I said, "No Jeff, Beth is a nudist and she doesn't wear clothes when she is at home. For you to see her naked is nothing unusual for her, right Beth?"
Beth said, "Yes, I have been a nudist all my life so other people seeing me without any clothes on, is normal for me."
I smiled and said, "Beth, you can stand up now and I want you to let Jeff and Cindy help you get that on so we can move on to the other lingerie."
Jeff took the bustier and with Cindy's help both of them were successful in putting it on Beth. After we looked at it and each subsequent choice we decided to take four of the items. Then Beth started trying on the bras and panties. Of course she had to wear those throw-away panties under the panties she was trying on so we didn't get to view her bald pussy until she finished. Then Beth walked over to the booth and stood facing us and talking to all three of us as she put her bra on then her blouse and finally her skirt. Jeff said, "Beth, you forgot to put your panties on."
Beth smiled at Jeff and said, "I didn't wear any panties today because I love to let people see my bald pussy. Do you want to take another look at it before we go down to the suits?"
Jeff smiled, so Beth pulled up her skirt and walked over to a chair and sat down and spread her legs wide and said, "Jeff, look all you want. Cindy, I saw you looking earlier. If you want to see, you are welcome to look too."
Cindy smiled and said, "Beth, your pussy looks lovely. I wish I could get a tan like yours. Where do you go to tan naked outside?"
I asked Cindy, "Do you have a piece of paper? I'll give you a number to call and maybe if both of you want to you can come out and visit. We have a very large pool and an enticing hot tub. If you call, my housekeeper, Terri, will answer the phone and all you have to tell her is that I gave you this number and invited you to my home."
I handed my number to both Jeff and Cindy and said, "Don't be bashful about calling if you are interested."
Beth stood up and we went down to the female suits and picked out a couple for Beth. I insisted that we needed to get them tailored immediately since we were running out of time. We took the suits to the back of the store and met the tailor, an older man who was sewing when we arrived. Cindy explained we needed the suits immediately. The tailor looked at Beth saying, "Ok, young lady, step over there behind the screen and remove your suit and put this paper gown on so we can measure it on you.
I looked around and said, "Don't worry about all the preliminaries, we have to get going soon, Beth just put the gown on, right here if you really need to. Cindy and Jeff saw you naked a few minutes ago so you really don't need it."
The old man's eyes widened as he saw Beth remove her jacket and hang it on a chair. He started to smile when Beth started to unbutton her blouse. When she finished she hung that on the chair then unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt and let it drop to pool at her feet. I saw the old man gulp when Beth turned her ass towards him and bent over and picked up her skirt. She hung that on the chair before she said to the old man, "Do you want me to take my bra off too?"
The old man stood there speechless as he looked at Beth's near naked body. Finally he said, "No, it isn't necessary, but if you want to, I will get an accurate measurement of your bust."
Without hesitation Beth reached back and within seconds she was sliding her bra straps down her arms and hanging her bra on the chair. I saw the old man start to sweat as he instructed Beth to stand up on the step stool so he could measure her. Cindy, Jeff and I watched as he fumbled with his tape measure as he tried to measure Beth's bust. I saw him drag his fingers across Beth's nipples and I watched him feel her left tit as he explained he had to move it up for the measurement. He made all his measurement down to Beth's waist and then he really started to sweat because one of the suits we selected had pants with it and he had to measure Beth's inseam. Beth looked at me with a huge smile on her face when the old man kneeled in front of her and asked her to spread her feet apart so he could measure her.
The old man explained that since she didn't have panties on his finger may touch her private area in order to get an accurate measurement and Beth asked, "Do you want me to spread my legs further so you have plenty of room down there?"
The old man looked up without looking up into Beth's face and said, "Yes honey, a little wider would help me a lot."
Beth suppressed a smile as she parted her feet wider and felt the lips of her pussy open and her clit started to stand out at the top of her pussy. To open her pussy up a little more, she pushed her hips forward and felt the old man's hand bump her extended clit sending shivers through her body. The old man told Beth to stand up straight and hold it while he measured her. The old man moved his hand and soon the back of his hand rested against her pussy as he measured her inseam then took the measurement from Beth's waist to her knee. When he stood up he had an impressive tent in the front of his pants. He told Beth she could get dressed and when Beth looked at me I nodded my head.
Jeff asked me if I was ready to select my suit, but I told him it took longer than I anticipated to get Beth's clothing so I would just pack one of my older suits for this trip and then come back next week for my suit. Jeff looked disappointed, but a smile graced his face when I slipped him a hundred dollar bill for assisting and told Cindy to mark this sale under both their names so no one got in trouble. When I gave my card to Cindy to ring up our purchases, I slipped her a hundred dollar bill also. The tailor worked feverishly as he tailored Beth's suits while we waited. Jeff and Cindy took us to the employee snack area. When the manager John saw us sitting there, he came right over to me with his hand out ready to shake hands with me. He asked me if Jeff and Cindy had helped us and if there was anything he could do for me.
I looked at John for a moment before I asked him to step away with me for a second. I winked at Jeff and Cindy then walked a few steps away before I looked at John and told him who I was. Then in a quiet voice I said, "I am going to send some of my friends and family members to this shop because I've received excellent service from both Cindy and Jeff on my last visit and this visit. I want you to assure me both Cindy and Jeff will be made available to assist anyone I send here, if they are working that day."
John looked nervously over my shoulder asking, "What happens if they are assisting other customers when your party arrives?"
Looking John straight in the eye I asked him, "Do you know how much money I've spent in your shop in the last week?"
I could see the beads of sweat form on John's forehead before he stuttered saying, "Yes sir, Yes sir I do."
I stood staring into John's eyes waiting for him to respond when he finally said, "Sir, whenever one of your people come here and ask for Cindy and Jeff, I will immediately make them available to assist whoever you send."
I smiled and said, "Now that we have that settled John, I want to suggest to you as one employer to another; you need to reward good people for their expert salesmanship and courtesy in assisting customers. Therefore, maybe a raise would be a proper incentive to encourage them to give even a little more than the hundred percent they are giving you now."
John looked at me for a few seconds before he smiled saying, "Mr. Morrison, I like your style. You come right to the point and don't beat around the bush. Since you are the one who made the suggestion, I am going to let you break the news to them. Both of them will find an increase in their checks this week."
John and I walked back over to where Beth was seated with Cindy and Jeff and I said, "John and I were talking about the service both of you have given us during our last couple of visits. I am going to recommend both of you to some of my friends and my family. John is going to make both of you available to assist anyone I send here. My referrals will ask for you by name so you will know who they are and both of you working together make an excellent team. I'm positive, based on my personal experience with both of you; you'll make every effort to assist them with their merchandise selections. Also, since both of you have been an extraordinary customer service representatives I have suggested to John that he should recognize your abilities and give both of you a raise starting this week. He has agreed. Oh John, if I were you, I wouldn't split Cindy and Jeff up too often."
Jeff jumped up out of his chair and shook my hand while squeezing it tighter than necessary. Cindy stood and asked, "May I kiss your cheek?"
I opened my arms to her saying, "In my house we are a hugging family."
Both Jeff and Cindy emphatically thanked me and both promised me in front of John that they will do their best to make sure every customer they assist will be more than happy with the service they receive.
A young man came over and asked me if I was Mr. Morrison and when I told him I was he said, "Your purchases are tailored and ready to go."
John led the way to the small tailor shop in the back of the store and when we stepped behind the heavy curtains the tailor had just finished hanging Beth's suits. We watched as he pulled out a heavy plastic garment bag and placed both suits in the bag. He handed the bag to Jeff, then Cindy spoke up saying, "Your other purchases are set aside for you at the front desk, I will get them for you."
I reached in my pocket and palmed the other hundred dollar bill I had taken out of my wallet and when I shook hands with the old tailor his eyes brightened when he felt the money being slipped into his hand. I smiled at him and said, "Thank you so much for assisting me and my secretary."
He smiled a very broad smile saying, "If you ever need anything again, I will be very happy to assist you."
Beth stepped over to the old tailor and gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek before she said, "Thank you so much for being a gentleman. You will be rewarded some day for the courtesy you've shown me."
John watched everything and continued to be all smiles knowing everyone who we came in contact with in his store had done something to make us very happy. He knew happy customers use word of mouth to send other customers.
When we walked over to the main desk Cindy slipped behind the counter and picked up the two bags with Beth's lingerie in them and said, "Jeff has your suits and I'll carry these bags out to your car for you."
I looked at John asking, "Is that alright with you, John?"
John reached out his hand and said, "Mr. Morrison, I will look forward to your return or even those who you recommend to our shop. Here are a few of my cards to give to family and friends. Tell them to ask for me and I will set them right up with Cindy and Jeff."
I thanked John, before I turned to Beth saying, "We need to get going so we won't be late."
At the car I opened the trunk and both Jeff and Cindy stepped forward to put our purchases in there. I turned to them before closing the trunk and said, "If either or both of you want to call that number I gave you, by Friday, I know we are going to have a small party on Saturday and both of you are welcome to join us. I will warn both of you in advance, our pool and hot tub is clothing free. I'm sure you will enjoy yourselves if you come out to the estate."
I closed the trunk and shook Jeff's hand and kissed Cindy's cheek as I said goodbye to both of them. Beth stood on the sidewalk and gave both of them a hug and a kiss before saying, "I hope you will take Dan up on his offer to come out to his house. I will be there and I'd love to see more of each of you, if you understand what I'm saying."
Jeff held the door open for Beth and I noticed when she got into the car she spread her legs extra wide giving Jeff one last view of her delicious pussy for today. Jeff and Cindy walked back into the store and I looked at Beth and simply said, "Slide your skirt off right here. I want you to fold it and then hand it to me. Then I want you to take off your jacket and fold it and give it to me."
Without a word Beth unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt then rose up off the seat and slipped it down her legs and off. She took time to fold it then handed it to me. Then she leaned forward and slipped off her jacket, folded it then handed it to me. I took both articles and got out of my car and walked to the back and placed both articles in the trunk. When I got back in the car I could see Beth look at me with a worried look on her face. I looked back at her asking, "Do you want to call it quits or do you want me to expose you."
Beth sighed and then smiled a weak smile saying, "Dan, I am so fucking nervous sitting here in only my blouse and bra right on the street. Anyone walking by could look into the car and see I'm naked from the waist down. I am so turned on right now thinking about all the possible things that could happen; it's unbelievable. My adrenalin is surging through my veins causing me to shake. But I want to do this and I want you to expose me anyway you choose. This is what I want and I want you to help me."
Looking straight ahead I said to Beth, "Take off your blouse right now."
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Beth's shaking hands reach up and start to undo the buttons while looking at me. Maybe she was thinking I would stop her, but I didn't. I waited for her to lean forward to take it off before I looked at her and held out my hand. Beth folded the blouse then handed it to me. I held it in my hand and said while looking Beth in the eyes, "Take off your bra and give it to me."
I watched as Beth bit her lip as she hesitated only momentarily before she leaned forward again and while looking out the side window she unhooked her bra and let the straps slide down her arms while holding the cups in place over her tits. With one last look around, then back at me, she lowered the cups away from her tits and let the straps slide down her arms. Beth folded the cups into each other then handed me her bra. I got out of the car again and walked back to the trunk and deposited her blouse and bra on top of her skirt and jacket. By the time I got back into the car Beth was shivering, yet she was sitting up straight in the seat and her hands were at her sides. Beth looked at me saying, "I feel so vulnerable sitting here with my clothes locked in the trunk and there's no way I can cover myself. OH GOD, DAN! I am so fucking horny I could rape the first cock that walked down the street. My pussy is going to soak your seat."
I smiled and reached into my pocket and pulled out a few paper towels I had pulled off the roll I kept in the trunk, then handed them to her saying, "Put these under your pussy to soak up your juices. We have about forty five minutes before we have to head back to the office. I think both of us need a hamburger to lunch so I'm going to stop by the Burger King and order some lunch for us. I want you to recline your seat and spread your legs until I have our lunch. The person in the pickup window is going to see your tits and dripping pussy on full display. I don't want you to cover either one. Also, I want you know who's looking at your naked body, so I want you to say hi to the person in the window."
Beth reclined her seat until she was lying down then she slowly spread her legs as wide as the car allowed her to do before she murmured, "Oh God, Dan. I can't describe the feeling I have right now."
I drove to the Burger King on the edge of the city in hopes we could take our time picking up our food and since this was all new to me, I tried to think of all the possibilities of anything going wrong. Beth was correct, there was no way she was going to be able to cover her nakedness if anything happened, but I could always keep my doors locked to keep anyone from getting into the car. Before I pulled up to the Burger King's order board I asked Beth what she wanted to eat. She told me then laid her head back down and closed her eyes. When I sitting in front of the Burger King's order board a male voice came over the speaker asking, "May I have your order please?"
I made both of our orders while Beth lay in the seat not moving, but when I glanced at her, she had her eyes shut tightly. The male voice read our order back to me and I said, "Yes, that's correct."
The male voice gave me the price and asked me to pull around to the pickup window. Beth suddenly sighed loudly and whispered, "Here goes nothing. God, I'm fucking soaked."
I pulled around the building and reminded Beth, "I want you to remain spread, but I want you to lift your head and talk to the young man while he is getting our order. I'm not going to take the money out of my wallet until we get to the window so he will be able to take a longer view of your completely naked body."
Beth smiled and said, "Thanks, Dan."
I pulled up to the window and looked up to see the young man walk up the window and repeat the amount. Then he spotted Beth's naked body and said, "HOLY SHIT!" He looked over his shoulder quickly then leaned out the window and repeated the amount, but he was staring at Beth's pussy.
I took my time to get the money out of my wallet and Beth picked up her head and asked, "Where are we?"
I played along and said, "I decided to stop for something to eat, we're at Burger King."
Beth looked up and saw the young man staring at her before gave him a weak wave and she said, "Hi."
He looked up at Beth's face for the first time and said, "I hope you don't mind me saying this, but she is fucking beautiful!"
I handed him a twenty dollar bill and he stood staring a few seconds longer before he turned to make change. He came back to the window with my change, then went and got our lunch and handed it out the window to me. Beth looked up and said to the young man, "I hope you don't mind seeing a naked lady. It makes me so horny to let you see my pussy and my tits."
The upper half of the young man was hanging out the window when he replied, "God no lady, you just made my day. You have a very beautiful body. I only wish I could get a closer look at your pussy. It looks so tasty."
I smiled up at him and said, "We have to get going now, have a hard day and I mean that in a good way."
The young man smiled at me and said before I pulled away, "My cock is rock hard looking at your lovely lady. Thank you for allowing me to see her."
I pulled away from the window and Beth's hand flew to her pussy and her finger immediately started rubbing her clit. Within seconds Beth's body was rocked by an orgasm making her scream as her body continued to spasm and shake violently. Her body continued to intermittently spasm for the next few minutes. Beth's breathing began to slow and her eyes were still closed as she enjoyed the remnants of her self-imposed orgasm.
Beth's eyes were just beginning to open as I pulled into a small municipal park I knew on the edge of the city. I looked around the parking lot and there weren't any other cars there. I pulled over near the bathrooms and backed into the space closest to them. I looked at Beth saying, "We need to get you cleaned up so you can get dressed. I want you to go into the bathroom and I'll get your clothes out of the trunk when you are ready."
Beth stared at me then looked around before looking at the bathroom building. I smiled and said, "The ladies room is on the other end of the building."
Beth picked up the paper towels and dabbed them against her pussy to soak up her juices but not hard enough to irritate her. With one last look around Beth opened the door and started to get out when a car pulled into the other end of parking lot. Beth hesitated and looked over her shoulder at me. The car started coming closer to us and I watched Beth start to pull the door closed but stopped and watched the car. The car backed into a parking space about twenty five yards from my car and we could see there was a couple in the car with a male behind the steering wheel. I smiled at Beth saying, "If you don't want to walk all the way to the other end of the building and into the lady's bathroom where I can't go, you can use the men's room to wash up a little and I can bring your clothes in there. However, if you use the men's room, I don't want you to get dressed in a stall. You will have to stand out in the open and get dressed. The benefit to using the men's room is I can be in there with you."
Beth looked at me and studied my face before she asked, "How long will I be in the men's room before you come in and will you bring my clothes or will I have to come out here to get dressed?"
I know the park was secluded from the street so I wasn't worried about anyone seeing Beth from the street so I glanced over at the other car and saw the couple seemed to be eating so I said, "Walk into the men's room and wash up and dry yourself. If anyone else comes into the parking lot then I will bring your clothes into the bathroom for you and you can dress in there. I want you to get out slowly and walk slowly into the bathroom so he can see your naked body. If I don't come into the bathroom I want you to walk slowly back to the car and wait outside for me to get your clothes out of the trunk. While you are waiting I want you to face their car so they can see all of you."
Beth took a deep breath and just as she pushed the door open to get out of my car both of the doors opened on the other car and both occupants got out. I said to Beth, "Go ahead stand up and walk into the men's room. You can't use the lady's room now."
The moment Beth stood up outside the car the girl who had closed her door and started walking around the front of their car saw Beth and gasped covering her mouth with her hand then alerted her guy to look at Beth. His head snapped around as Beth closed my car door and slowly walked towards the bathroom. I watched her tight ass cheeks wiggle only slightly as she walked. I looked back at the other car and immediately noticed both the guy and girl were walking our way holding hands. I was torn trying to decide what to do. I know I vowed to protect Beth but on the other hand she begged me to put her in various positions where her naked body would be exposed to others. I thought to myself, Beth wants to be seen naked, I have to help her do that, but I have to protect her. With my mind in turmoil I watched as the guy and girl passed the front of my car looking at me as they passed. I know they saw Beth was completely naked and I wanted to make sure she was safe. I put my hand on the door handle and started to pull it while I watched both the guy and girl walk towards the bathroom. They were almost to the men's side. I know they saw Beth walk in there. I know Beth was nervous and shaking before she left the car and I can only imagine what she will be like if the guy walks into the bathroom and finds her defenseless and completely naked. I pulled harder on the door handle as I watched the guy let go of the girl's hand and turn to head into the men's bathroom. He disappeared from my sight and I opened my door only a little ways then stopped. My guts were churning, I wanted to rush to Beth's side and make sure she was safe, but I wanted to help her fulfill her exhibitionist desires. I watched the girl standing by the doorway then she walked into the men's bathroom. Suddenly I felt a little better because there were two girls and only one guy and both of them knew I was sitting in the car. They were gone from my sight for a couple of minutes and I started to worry, but I hadn't heard Beth scream or anything so I sat still with one leg out of the car and my door partly open. Time seemed to stand still as I waited then suddenly Beth appeared at the door and waved for me to come over to the bathroom. I jumped out to the car and hurried the short distance to the men's bathroom. I pulled the door open and walked around the corner to see two very naked ladies talking excitedly to each other and the guy leaning against the sink stroking his cock.
I looked around and said, "Beth, what's going on?"
Beth said, "Dan, this is Sherry and her boyfriend Joe. They came here, for the same purpose we did. Sherry loves to show off and then they fuck here in the men's room. Sometimes they get caught and they love that. When they saw I was naked they knew we weren't cops, so they came in to see what I was doing."
I looked at Sherry's body and she looked fantastic. Her petite body was a drastic contrast to her very tall boy friend. Joe asked Beth, "Would you please spread your legs for me and show me your pussy? I want to see you spread your pussy open for me while I stoke my cock looking at your delicious cunt."
I looked at Beth as she slowly spread her legs then reached down and with the index finger on each hand she opened her pussy for Joe. We heard Joe groan and then say, "Sherry, come over here and bend over and suck my cock so Dan can see your hot cunt. Spread your feet wide apart so he can see your cute little hole that I love to fuck."
I watched in amazement as Sherry did as she was asked to do, then I looked down and saw how open her pussy was for my viewing pleasure. It was just too much for me to take, I had to pull my cock out and jerk off. The second Beth saw my cock she moved into the same position Sherry was in, only her ass facing towards Joe and her feet were spread just as wide allowing him to have a full view of her spread open pussy. I didn't last long and neither did Joe. Both of us blew our load into the waiting mouth of the girl sucking our cock.
Before Beth finished she not only drained me, but she licked my cock clean, then stood up with a huge smile on her face and said, "There is a group who come here to show off to each other and sometimes strangers. Dan, will you bring me here again about this same time? They come here now because there is less of a chance that kids and teens will be here."
I washed off my cock with some water and dried it with a paper towel and had just put it back in my pants when the door opened and everyone looked towards the door. Slowly an old potbellied man walked into the bathroom and said, "Wow, Sherry, you brought company. I like how she looks."
Sherry said, "Not really, Hank. They came here not knowing about our activities and what's funnier is this is Beth's first time trying out public exhibitionism. She arrived here without any clothes on. Hank, you'll love this part, she has to walk out of here completely naked and go to the back of the car and wait for Dan to return her clothes."
Hank gasped saying, "Oh honey, I have to watch your walk that pretty ass of yours out in the parking lot for the whole world to see. Can I see your cunt? Will you bend over and spread those cheeks and give ole Hank a good look at you?"
Beth stared at me momentarily then turned around and parted her feet before she bent over and reached back and spread her ass cheeks apart giving all of us behind her a perfect view of her beautiful bald pussy. I said, "Oh this is more than I ever imagined it would be. Beth, you are truly amazing."
I continued by saying, "All good things have to come to an end. We have to get back to work so if you all want to watch as Beth gets dressed, come outside."
I walked to the door and went out and looked around and all I saw was two other empty cars in the parking lot, so I opened the door again and said, "Come on Beth, it's time to go."
Beth confidently stepped through the doorway and walked beside me to the back of the car. I smiled at Beth and said, "I am going to hand you one article at a time. I want you to walk out ten feet in front of the car each time before you put it on. If someone pulls into the parking lot, you must stay where you are until you are ready to come back for the next article. There is a chance each time that someone else could pull into the parking lot and see you in some stage of undress."
Beth smiled at me in an understanding way then reached out and took her bra from my hands and walked out in front of the car and stood there while putting it on. Then she turned and looked back at me, asking, "May I have the next piece of clothing to put on?"
I hesitated in my answer looking around the parking lot then at Joe, Sherry and Hank before I said, "Jump up and down a couple of times for us, first."
Without hesitation Beth jumped up and down and her titties bounced, then she asked, "May I have the next piece of clothing to put on?"
Once again I took my time to look around then said, "Yes, come and get your blouse."
Beth walked slowly to me delaying the inevitable. I made her walk all the way to the back of the car before I picked up her blouse and handed it to her. Beth turned and walked back out in front of the car and slowly put on her blouse and even more slowly buttoned it up. Beth's bald pussy was showing clearly below her blouse. Beth finished buttoning her blouse then she asked, "May I have the next article of clothing, sir?"
Once again I looked around and took my time before I said, "I want you to jump up and down again before I give you your jacket."
Beth immediately jumped up and down with her legs slightly parted and I watched her titties bounce and her pussy open and close, as she jumped. When she finished she asked, "May I have the next piece of clothing to put on?"
I motioned for her to walk to me and when she got to the back of the car I picked up her jacket and handed it to her. Beth walked back to the spot in front of the car and started to put her jacket on when a car pulled into the other end of the parking lot. Beth heard the gravel crunch under the tires and snapped her head around to look at the car. All of us stood quietly before I broke the silence by saying, "Beth, I want you to jump up and down with your legs parted like you did a few seconds ago, but this time I want you to face the end of the parking lot."
Beth glared at me, and then smiled before she turned towards the car driving towards her and started doing as I instructed her. Before she finished the car had pulled in and stopped on this side of Joe's car and it was clear that the driver was watching Beth. In a reserved sexy voice Beth asked me, "May I have my skirt now?"
I looked at the car and said to Beth, "Turn around and bend over, spread your feet shoulder width apart and hold your ankles until I get over there with your skirt. I want whoever is in that car to see your bald pussy."
Beth immediately did as I asked her to do without any question then I reached into the trunk and picked up her skirt and walked out and said, "I'll hold your skirt, pick up one foot at a time and I will put your skirt on for you. Stay bent over until the last second."
I stood off to the side of Beth and when she lifted a foot I slipped her skirt past it. Beth lifted her other foot and I held her skirt and slipped it over and past that foot then started to draw it up her legs and only when I knew the skirt wouldn't touch the ground did I let the bottom fall then I quietly said to Beth, "Stand up and pull your skirt up the rest of the way."
Beth's eyes were glazed over when she looked at me. I could tell she was floating in la la land after being totally and completely exposed to other people who weren't nudists and one guy even jerked off looking at her naked body. Beth finished tucking in her blouse and we waved at everyone and then got in my car and slowly drove away. I looked over at Beth and said, "Is what happened, what you envisioned might happen?"
Beth looked at me with those same glazed, lust filled eyes and after a moment she said, "Oh God Dan, it was so much more than I expected. I thought I would get an adrenalin rush but it went way beyond that and caused my whole body to feel an excitement unmatched by anything I've ever felt before. I can't tell you how excited I was when Joe walked into the bathroom and found me washing my pussy at the sink. I looked at him in the mirror and he stared at my ass. My legs began to tremble and before I fell, I turned around and faced him and sat on the sink and spread my legs for him to see my pussy. I was unsure what to do so I rubbed my clit and that's when he motioned for Sherry to come into the men's bathroom. She stripped naked immediately and started rubbing her clitty watching me then watching Joe when he pulled out his cock and began to stroke it. I wasn't scared because I knew you were just outside, so I stayed in there and played with myself. When you walked in the door I could tell you were concerned by the look on your face and I am so happy to have you as my guardian. Dan, I know I'm rambling but I have so many mixed emotions right now. I feel like a new girl. Do you know what I mean?"
I looked over at Beth and said, "All I know is; I went through a few gut wrenching moments when you were in the bathroom alone with a man I didn't know. I was worried for you and I don't want to do that again. The next time you want to show off your body, I want to be right beside you all the time so I can protect you from all harm. Until recently I would have protected you because you are a female but now, I will protect you because I love you in a special way and I don't want anything to happen to you."
Beth looked at me and said, "I am sorry to have caused you to worry about me."
Looking at Beth in sideways glances I said, "It's not your fault. I'm the one who told you what to do and you just did it like you said you would. I will be more cognizant the next time we attempt to show your body off. That is if you want to have a next time."
"Dan, let me be very clear. Today was an impromptu performance on my part because I basically forced you to show off my body and I really did love every minute of it. I want you to come up with more creative ways to display my body and as far as I'm concerned there are no limits for you and only you. I trust you with my life after I've witnessed the extent you will go to protect someone, even in the safety of your own home."
I glanced at Beth and said, "I will strip you naked again as you wish me to, but only when I am in total control of the whole situation."
As I drove, I felt a hand on my leg and when I looked down Beth had extended her arm and was looking at me with her palm up and said, "Hold my hand please."
I took one hand off the wheel and Beth was quick to reach up and grab my hand and pull it over to the center console. Every now and then she would squeeze my hand and smile at me. We arrived back at the office and Kelly informed us that Jeff had finished everything about fifteen minutes prior to our arrival and was with Charlie in his office. I told Kelly to give us about ten minutes and then page both of them to come to my office. Kelly handed me a folder and said, "That's everything you asked for."
I took the folder and said, "Thank you Kelly, I want to review this before they get here."
I sat down at my desk and opened the folder and reviewed all the papers. Beth sat across from me watching me before she finally asked, "What did you mean when you told Kelly that Jeff Simpson was special to you?"
I looked up and said, "He helped Terri and tried to help Hanna, but their boss at the time used Hanna after hours so there was no way Jeff could keep her safe. That's why he is special and he and his wife have been at our home before so they know about our lifestyle."
Kelly buzzed and announced the arrival of Charlie and Jeff so I told her to show them in. A few seconds later there was a soft knock on my door and I called, "Come in please."
Charlie led the way with Jeff in the middle and Kelly in the rear. I asked all of them to be seated. Looking right at Jeff, I asked him point blank, "Are you still interested in working for us?"
Jeff smiled a very broad smile saying, "Yes Dan, I'm impressed with the company and I know I can make a difference."
I smiled at Charlie and Jeff and then held up two copies of Jeff's job description, one for Charlie and one for Jeff. I said to Jeff, "Please review your job description and let me know if you're still interested."
Each man took the papers from my hand and then I sat back in my chair and waited. Both men read the pages and when they looked up at me I asked Jeff, "Do you have any questions?"
Jeff said, "No, I believe I've been briefed on most everything that's on here. Like I told you, I can make a difference."
I looked at Charlie and asked, "Do you have any questions for me?"
Charlie smiled and said, "Dan, I appreciate you creating this manager position because it is going to help me greatly. Now I understand why you wanted to create it when you were in charge of my department."
I thanked Charlie for his input and said, "If you don't have any other questions then I'm going to talk to Jeff for few more minutes and get his squared away."
Charlie said, "No, I'm all set." He stood up and shook Jeff's hand and said, "I'll see you in the morning."
I asked Kelly to escort Charlie out and I would page her if I needed anything more. When Charlie and Kelly were out of the room I looked at Jeff and said, "Now the most important part of this conversation; how is everything at home Jeff? Do you have enough food and everything you need? Are the bills paid?"
Jeff looked at me nervously and fidgeted in his seat for a few seconds before he glanced over at Beth. I realized what he was worried about and then said, "Beth is my executive secretary, she knows all the business I do and probably knows more than me about some things. Jeff, you don't have to worry about talking in front of Beth anytime you are in my office. Beth has been out to my house for a couple of nights, does that tell you how much I trust her?"
Jeff smiled at me and said, "Dan, I appreciate everything you have done for me and my family and I am so grateful for you offering me this managerial position in the same company you are the CEO. We need to get a little more food for the kids but everything else is fine. You have been more than generous with us."
I looked at Jeff and asked, "Do you realize that you will be working here almost a month before you get your first paycheck? Managers only get paid every two weeks in this company."
I pulled my checkbook out of my pocket and opened it. I wrote Jeff a check and held it out to him and he hesitantly leaned forward before he finally stood up and took the check from my hand. I said, "I want you to go grocery shopping tonight and pick up whatever you want or need. If that isn't enough I want you to swear that you'll let me know when you come to my house for the small party we are having on Saturday."
Jeff looked at the two thousand dollar check I'd given him and he suddenly had tears rolling down his cheeks. Beth was quick to get him a few tissues then sat back down in her chair. Staring at the check Jeff finally whispered, "Thank you Dan for everything you've done. This is far more than offering me assistance until we get back on our feet. Your generosity is unmatched to anyone I've ever known."
He looked up at me finally and said, "I'm not sure I can get a baby sitter to watch the kids on such short notice so I don't know if Tina and I can make it out there on Saturday."
Again Jeff looked nervously at Beth before saying, "You know we have been doing what your family does at your house so it won't be anything unusual for the kids. It's just that I'm not sure what the others at your party would think. If you know what I mean."
I smiled and said, "I think you are beating around the bush needlessly. Beth, as I told you, has been to my home and she knows about my home life so between the three of us, this conversation doesn't go any further. Jeff, I want you to bring Tina and your family out on Saturday and I will have Terri hire a baby sitter for the day. That way you and Tina can enjoy yourselves. So no more worries about what you have to do with your kids."
Looking at Jeff I said, "Now for the last piece of business. I want you to review this wage package."
I handed a copy to Beth and one to Jeff. Beth was reviewing it when suddenly Jeff started the tears rolling down his cheeks again. Beth got him a couple more tissues and then stood behind him and patted Jeff on the back asking him if he was alright. Jeff looked up at me and asking, "Are you positively sure this is my wage package?"
I smiled and said "Let's review what's here." I went down each item and then I got to the end I asked Jeff, "Do you understand what you'll be making while you work here? Of course this wage package is reviewable in six months."
Jeff smiled at me and said, "I only want a job, I don't want to own the company; that would be too many headaches."
I looked directly at Jeff and asked, "So I take it that wage package is acceptable to you?"
Jeff smiled and said, "I'll never know how to repay you for all your kindness and support during this trying time in my life. All I can say is thank you and that doesn't even seem the scratch the surface."
I smiled and said, "I know you will be doing a great job once you get settled into your position. I want you to know there is room for you to advance if you work out the way I expect you to."
I looked at Beth and said, "I want you to call Joe and have him come and pick up Jeff and take him back home."
Looking at Jeff I said, "Unlike other managers and supervisors you will have a direct link to me; if there is anything you need, come talk to me. However, I don't want you to flaunt that information in front of anyone else here. All you have to do is contact Beth and she will make an appointment for you if I am busy or bring you in to see me if I'm not."
"Beth, while you are waiting for Joe to come and pick up Jeff, I want you to make sure Jeff is shown everything. Once Jeff is on his way home, I want you to come in here because I'll have some work for you." I said with a huge smile, looking directly at Beth.
Just as they were standing up my new cell phone rang and when I looked at it, I realized it was my lawyer calling me. I answered it, and then I waited for Beth and Jeff to step out of my office before continuing my conversation with him. He informed me the parcel next to my home had recently been combined with another parcel and the current owner said there was approximately three hundred ninety acres altogether. My lawyer told the owner he was representing a client interested in buying the property. My lawyer informed me he made the owner an offer based on property values in the area. The owner's lawyer made a counter offer and my lawyer told me if I wanted the property I had to approve his final offer which he said is very reasonable based on the average price of property in that area. I told my lawyer to close on the property as soon as possible and to contact my accountant to arrange payment. I told my lawyer I wanted permission from the owner to have my surveyors start on the property immediately and I wanted a couple of my crews to walk the entire parcel and map it for me. My lawyer assured me he would have that permission by tomorrow afternoon.
I hung up from my lawyer and called home and talked to Terri. Then I told her I wanted to have a small party on Saturday with about forty people. I told her we needed a large tent set up and to get the caterers she had for our impromptu party. I told Terri I would give her the rest of the information when I got home.
I was working about ten minutes when my door opened and Beth walked in completely naked. She wasn't even wearing her shoes or stockings this time. She paused in the open door and I sat behind my desk and stared blankly at her. She posed for me and finally asked, "Didn't you tell me to show Jeff everything?"
I smiled at Beth then asked her, "Did anyone else see you naked?"
Beth replied, "Not yet. Only Jeff saw me strip naked in my bathroom when I was giving him a tour of my office, showing him everything as you requested. I told Jeff I would see him on Saturday at your party. I also reminded him that he should keep whatever he saw between us and not talk to anyone else. I stayed in the bathroom when Joe came into my office and took Jeff out to his car."
Beth continued to say, "This is an unbelievably weird feeling standing here completely naked and none of the doors are locked so anyone could come in here at any time and find me. What would you do if someone came through my office doors right this second?"
I sat silent behind my desk and enjoyed the view of Beth for several seconds before saying, "I'm not sure I want to find out that answer. Close my doors and come in here and get a towel from my bathroom to sit on. I want to tell you what I want you to do."
Once Beth was seated, I said, "I've been thinking about the apartment where you live and how hot it is. How would you like to move out of your apartment and put your furniture in storage, at least for now?"
Beth stared at me for a few seconds then asked, "Are you offering me a place to stay out at your home?"
I am saying, "We have known each other for many years and I think we have always gotten along above and beyond the employer/employee status. Recently we discovered we have more in common than we ever dreamed. I just got a call from my lawyer and he is arranging the purchase of the property next to mine. When I complete the purchase of that property, I am going forward with the plans to build a new house for me and possibly some other houses for some of the people who are closest to me. You are included in that short list of people."
Beth looked at me with an awestruck look and her mouth was open as she listened to me. Finally the information I'd told her sunk in and she jumped up out of her chair and rushed around my desk and threw herself at me. I caught the very naked Beth and pulled her down into my lap and said, "Listen lady, you're very special to me and I love you in a special way. If you feel the same way, then we can work out a plan to move you into my house until we figure out what's going to happen on a more permanent basis. However as you know, my home has a rather open door policy so if you decide to store your furniture and move out to the estate, you won't have much personal space."
Beth started talking and didn't stop or take a breath for at least two minutes. I sat and listened to her with a grin on my face and when she paused for a breath I said, "Ok, when we go home tonight, we'll find a mover who has storage containers to move you out of your apartment and you can plan on moving into whatever room Terri has for you, at least for now anyway."
Holding Beth in my lap I looked at her and said, "I want to change the subject now and tell you I have to take the family out to a planned event tomorrow night. I have to leave work early tomorrow so it might be better if you drive your car out to my home tonight instead of leaving it in the parking garage. That way you will have your car at home in case you want to go somewhere tomorrow night while we are out."
I finished by saying, "I want you to lock the door to your office and then I want you to sit at your desk completely naked and do your work. While you are working, if someone needs to talk to us, I will decide who will enter your office and catch you completely naked. So every time the phone rings, that could be the time your body will be on display."
Beth shivered and said, "Oh fuck this is so exciting and stimulating. My pussy is juicy just wondering who you will show my body to next."
Beth stood up and picked up her towel and walked out into her office leaving my doors open. I watched as she locked the door and then she disappeared from my sight. Only moments after she was out of my sight her phone rang. I listened as she answered it then she buzzed my phone and nervously told me that Mr. Banks was on the phone.
I picked up my phone and greeted Tom then asked him what I could do for him. Beth appeared at my office door with a worried look on her face and listened as I talked to Tom. He informed me that he wanted me to visit a company in Frankfurt, Germany as a possible supplier of parts and raw material for our company. Tom informed me that he would send me all the information in the next fifteen minutes. He told me I will have to review the material and be ready to make them an offer. He told me the trip would be at least 3 days maybe more. Tom also told me if I wanted to take some of my family, he was authorizing it. Tom advised me to take the bigger company plane if I took my family with me. I asked him if he was going on the trip also and he told me I was going solo because he knew I could do the job. I asked him when I was going to be leaving and he said, "Dan, make arrangements to leave early Monday morning then set up your meetings with the company for Wednesday morning. I will have Brenda send Beth the information she will need to set up your trip and coordinate everything. I will also have her include the name and number for a great place to stay.
When I hung up the phone Beth asked, "Are we going on another trip?"
I looked at Beth and smiled before asking her, "How would you feel about spending some time in Frankfurt, Germany next week?"
Beth jumped up and down and saying, "Are you kidding, Dan? Are we really going to travel to Germany?"
I smiled and asked, "Have I ever told you something that was untrue?"
Beth jumped up and down and much to my enjoyment, I watched her tits bounce. Then I said, Tom is sending a folder with information in it to me in a few minutes. I'm not sure who is going to bring it so I guess you will have to stay naked and answer the door. Without hesitation Beth said, "If that's what you want me to do Dan, I will do it for you."
I smiled and said, "Although it would be interesting I think I will choose a different situation to show off your body. I want you to go and unlock your door and when someone knocks, I want you to go into your bathroom and stay there with the door open until the person leaves. Now go and unlock your door."
A few minutes later Beth's phone buzzed and I signaled her that I would pick it up in my office and when I did, Kelly advised me a young man was at her desk with a large package for me. I looked at Beth and motioned with my head for her to go into her bathroom then I said, "Kelly, please send him in."
A few seconds later the young man knocked, then opened Beth's office door and saw me sitting at my desk so he walked straight ahead into my office. I stood up as he extended his hand to pass me the package and thanked him for delivering it. He turned immediately and walked back to Beth's office door. Just as he reached for the door handle I called out, "Beth please come in here for a second."
I saw him look back at me then went out the door and closed it. Beth appeared at my office door still naked and giggling. She said, "If that guy would have looked towards my bathroom instead of looking at you, he would have seen me like this. What did you want me for?"
I smiled and said, "I tried to time it so it would be a risk if he was out of the room before you came out of the bathroom. I guess I waited too long. I think we have had enough play time so you had better get dressed for now because you have a trip to arrange and some rooms to book."
Beth had just turned and started to walk back to her bathroom when there was a knock on her office door. Beth froze in place and looked at me. I hesitated then motioned for Beth to go get dressed. I waited a few seconds then called, "Come in."
Kelly opened the door and stepped in and looked at Beth's desk then looked at me. I motioned her to come into my office. Kelly carried a folder in her hand and approached my desk. When she was in front of me I asked her to please have a seat. She looked around my office, possibly looking for Beth but when she heard the toilet flush in Beth's bathroom Kelly looked back at me. I asked Kelly about the folder and she informed me that Brenda had sent it over for Beth to use in setting up our trip. Beth walked into my office as Kelly was speaking and came over and took the chair next to Kelly. We talked quietly then Kelly stood up and told us she needed to finish the letter she was working on. The balance of the day went along as normal with Beth setting up our trip and I reviewed the files which were brought to me.
I called Kim about fifteen minutes before I was ready to leave. She told me she would be ready and waiting for me. Kim inquired if Beth was coming home with me again and I said, "Beth will be bringing her own car home tonight. Kim told me she loved me and would see me in a few minutes.
I put everything together and locked the package that Tom sent me in my desk and put my laptop in its case. I called Beth and told her I was ready to leave. We walked out of the office together and when we got to my car I looked at Beth and said, "Walk down to your car, look around and make sure no one sees you, and then I want you to strip completely naked and put your clothes in the back seat on the passenger side. I'm going to follow you with my car so you will have to drive over to Kim's office while I pick her up and then we will go home. I will be behind you all the way. If you think a light is going to turn red before I get through it, it would be better if you stopped at it unless you want to go through it and take a chance of exploring on your own."
Beth looked at me and said, "I'm not ready to explore on my own yet. I know each time I do something I take a chance on being seen and that's the whole purpose but I want to make sure I am safe first and foremost. I'll make sure you are behind me at all times."
I watched as Beth walked down to her car and stood beside it and looked around. I know she opened her car doors but I couldn't see what she was actually doing because she was in between the cars. Beth saw me watching and smiled at me and soon she disappeared from sight for a few seconds then her head reappeared and she smiled and waved at me then her head disappeared again. I heard her car start so I got into my car and backed out of my parking space. I pulled up behind Beth's car and we exited the parking garage.
We pulled up in front of Kim's office and Kim came walking out. I watched as Kim strolled over to Beth's car, looked in and started laughing. I watched as they exchanged words and Kim clapped her hands together several times while laughing before she turned and walked back to my car. When she pulled open the door and sat down in the seat Kim turned to me and said, "Pull away from here quickly. You're going to ride home with a naked woman too."
Beth pulled away from the curb and I followed and suddenly there was a flurry of clothes as Kim stripped off everything she was wearing, including her thigh high stockings and her shoes. Kim put all of her clothes in the back seat then turned to me and said, "I've always wanted to be nude when we were away from the house. It looks like Beth is going to fit right in with us."
I smiled at Kim and said, "As you know, Beth lives in the third floor apartment that is very hot. I offered her a room in our house until we can get our new house built."
Kim's head snapped around and asked, "WHAT? I know you talked about building a new house if we bought the property next to ours."
Suddenly a smile twisted the corners of Kim's lips upward and she said, "Oh My God! You know something about the property don't you?"
I smiled and said, "Our lawyer called today and said there is three hundred ninety acres to that parcel and I told him to expedite the purchase. I told him to get permission for me to have my people start mapping the property for the best place to build our new home. Honey, I want to have those people who are closest to us on the property as well. I want to build smaller houses for them to live on the estate."
Kim smiled at me and said, "Oh Dan that sounds so wonderful. We can have our home secluded and we can space the other small homes so they can't be seen."
Kim got a serious look on her face and said, "Dan, I want to say something to you and I don't want you to be upset with me. Just listen to me and give me your honest opinion."
I looked at Kim saying, "Honey we have always been able to tell each other everything. What would make you think I'd get upset with anything you said to me?"
Kim turned in her seat and looked at me and said, "Dan, I want you to tell me honestly what you think about Beth."
I smiled and said, "That's easy, she has worked for me for many years and only recently we found out we share several interests. I'm sure you are asking me this question because you heard me say I love her in a special way. Am I correct?"
Kim smiled and asked, "The only thing I am wondering is, do you love her enough to bring her into our family? I mean, I love Beth too and I want to know if both of us love her enough to bring her into our extended family and be with us. I have a reason I'm having this discussion with you, and I'm not going to tell you that reason right now. I want you to know I appreciate our lifestyle and the love we share with others. I'm not threatened by the other females around you like many other wives would be. I want us to sit down and talk to Beth and find out if she is interested in becoming part of our family because she has so much in common with us."
I looked at Kim and asked, "What is turning in that little blonde head of yours? I have to know."
Kim looked at me and after some hesitation I saw a tear forming in her eyes when she finally said, "I want a baby in the house. I want your baby in the house. Since you and Beth get along so well, I want to know if she would be willing to be the mother of your baby, since I can't have any more babies."
I sat in my seat and tried to concentrate on my driving. Kim slapped me up side my head with a proverbial brick and I was totally stuck for something to say. I kept glancing at Kim and the tears that welled up in her eyes were now running down her cheeks. I used my finger to wipe her tears and said, "Holy fucking shit, Kim! You sure know how to put a guy on the spot. I've never given any thought about making another baby since we found out that you couldn't have any more children. You know I would do anything to make you happy and that would include making another baby, but only with someone we love and cherish. Beth is that type of person, but I don't know if she wants to have a family with a man of her own choosing."
Kim smiled and said, "That's why I want us to sit down and talk to her and let her know how we feel about her. She told me when I went up to her car and saw she was naked that you told her to drive home naked. She also told me that she wants to talk to me when we get home so she can tell me what happened today. Dan, I meant what I said last night when I told you I will do anything you ask me to do."
Kim and I were so involved in our conversation, our trip home passed way too quickly and before I knew it we were turning down the road leading to our front gate. I said to Kim, "I don't think Beth has the code to get into the gate so when she stops at the gate I want you to get out and walk over and push in the security code for her to enter. Then I want you to stand there and push it in again for me to pass through the gate."
Kim smiled at me and said, "Yes sir, do you want me to walk down the middle of the road in case someone comes along and sees me completely naked?"
I smiled while replying; "Now that would be a novel idea. Yeah, and if someone comes along I don't want you to cover that great body of yours. Those wonderful tits of and that sweet bald love tunnel you have between those great toned legs were meant to be seen. You have the body of a teenager and I love every square inch of it."
Kim turned to me and jokingly asked, "Do you see anything square on this body? I think I have lovely round curves."
I shot Kim a loving look then watched Beth pull up to the gate. Without hesitation Kim got out of my car and walked around behind it and walked down the middle of the road as she promised. I watched and appreciated the gentle sway of her hips, the slight bounce of her ass cheeks, the muscles ripple in her thighs, as she walked up to the control box to punch in the code and the gate started to open. When it was open, Beth drove in and Kim signaled for her to drive up to the house while she stood by the control box and waited for the gate to close. When it was fully closed I drove up to the gate and once again Kim pushed in the code number and the gate started to open. Then she started to walk around behind the car to get in the passenger side. I saw her stop and walk back to the control box and I asked, "Is there a problem?"
Kim smiled and replied, "No problem, drive through the gate and wait for me inside, there's a car coming."
I pulled ahead when the gate was open all the way then looked in my rear view mirror as Kim started walking up behind the car. Suddenly the car passed the end of our driveway and the horn honked and the car slowed down. Kim waved over her shoulder then took the last few steps, opened her car door and sat down. She immediately went wild when she screamed, "I don't know who that was, but they saw my naked ass!"
We drove up to the house and I parked inside the garage and Beth came up behind my car and entered the garage. She waited for Kim and I to get out of the car then excitedly asked, "Kim did you flash a car down there by the gate?"
Kim excitedly exclaimed, "Oh God, yes Beth! I purposely stood and waited for Dan to drive in and then I walked slowly up to the car and a car passed and saw my naked ass.
We walked into the house and everyone welcomed us and there was plenty of excitement over both Kim and Beth riding home completely naked. I finally suggested that we needed to go upstairs so I could undress and they could hang up their suits. I looked at Terri and said, "Please come up with us so I can talk to you."
Being the gentleman that I am I let the females walk up the stairs ahead of me and I watched their cute pussy lips peep out as they ascended the steps. I said, "I will never get tired of this lovely view. All three of you are just as beautiful from this side as you are the front side."
All three of them giggled then stopped and bent over at the waist giving me three complete views of their lovely pussy. I rushed forward saying, "Wait, hold that pose." Then I kissed each pussy before saying, "If we don't get to the bedroom soon, I'll have a hard time climbing the remaining steps."
Giggling like school girls they walked up the stairs and down the hall to my bedroom. Once inside I turned to Terri and said, "Beth is moving in with us and since you are in charge of the house, we would like to know which bedroom you want her in."
Terri smiled at us and said, "Dad, you don't have to ask me, you can give her any room you want."
I looked at Terri and said, "Honey, when you came here we gave you the full responsibility of our home. We told you to operate it as if it was yours. Neither Kim nor myself are going to second guess what you do here."
Terri looked at Beth saying, "You have seen all the rooms, so you can choose any of the rooms that aren't taken. If you want the room you stayed in the first night you came here, then we can move Ted and Marion to one of the other bedrooms."
Beth said, "I don't want to create any problems by having Ted and Marion move out of that room."
Terri said, "Oh, it won't be a problem. I trust you will be bringing your clothes and other personal items so that would be the better room for you to occupy. Ted and Marion are staying here temporarily, so there's no problem, I can switch them to the other bedroom."
Kim spoke up saying, "Terri, Beth is going to be living with us permanently or as long as she chooses to stay with us."
Kim winked at Beth then said, "She used to live in a very hot third floor apartment and we want her to live here with us and become part of our family."
Beth looked at me then at Kim then stepped quickly over to Kim and pulled her into a hug which lasted a couple of minutes. When she stepped back from Kim, Terri was right there and pulled Beth into a hug and said, "Welcome to our family."
Hearing Terri say, "Our family" choked me up and I felt moisture forming in my eyes.
I looked at Terri and smiled, saying, "Yes baby, she is welcome in our family!"
Beth turned and hugged Kim again then she hugged me saying, "I promise I'll try to be a contributing member of this family and do my part."
I smiled at her saying, "Please don't feel that we are trying to gain a monopoly all your free time. You are a very beautiful young woman and if you want to date and carry on a private life then please feel free to come and go as you wish. What we are doing is getting you out of that hot apartment and offering you a room to stay in until our new home is built."
Terri's head jerked around and looked at me with questioning eyes and I smiled and said, "Yes Terri, I said our new home. We are buying the property next to us and I am going to build another house over there and set it up similar to this one. Everyone in our extended family will be moving into the new house and we will be offering those who are close to our family this house or a smaller single home somewhere on the property. I will be breaking the news to everyone this evening when we eat dinner."
Terri smiled and said, "Speaking of dinner, Marion and I planned what we wanted for dinner tonight and we took everything out so Ted, mom, Mary, Beth and Jenna can cook us a dinner of our choice. So I guess mom and Beth should get their suits hung up or we won't be eating until midnight."
Everyone laughed and I walked into my closet and started to undress. I heard Terri tell Beth, "I'll call Marion up here while you get your suit and we can make the switch right now." Beth walked in behind me and asked, "May I have the suit I had on yesterday? It's hanging over there."
As Beth was walking out of the closet I heard her ask Terri if she could use the washer and dryer to do her underwear so she could have some for work. Terri replied, "I told Ashley to do your laundry today so you have some clean underwear down in the laundry room. You can bring it up later."
While Kim was waiting for me to undress she smiled at me saying, "When we go to bed tonight, I'm going to ask Beth to sleep with us. I want to know what she has for long range plans before I say anything about what we talked about on the way home. The last thing I want to do is mess up someone's personal plans. She may not even want to consider my idea, but if she does, I will be one happy woman."
Suddenly the light went on in my head and as I hung my slacks on a hanger I turned to Kim and said, "With everything that happened on the way home I forgot to tell you, Beth and I have to go to Frankfurt, Germany on Monday and we'll be gone for at least three days."
I watched Kim's eyes light up as the information sunk into her head. Suddenly she said, "Oh, I'd love to go to Germany with you too! I can take some time off! They have been asking me when I was going to take some vacation time and until now, I didn't have any place to go."
I smiled and said, "You can. Tom Banks told me he was authorizing me to take my family with me if I wanted. He told me to take the big plane so we would fly in comfort. I know you and Jenna have passports but I don't know about Terri and Hanna. I'd hate the thought of leaving them here even if they will be protected. But we'll talk about that during dinner tonight. Beth will be making room arrangements tomorrow, so I will need to know how many are going."
Just as I finished speaking Terri and Beth walked over to my open closet door and Beth asked, "Going where?"
I smiled and before saying anything I looked at Terri and said, "Do you have a passport?"
Terri looked at me with a blank stare before asking, "Dad, why would I need a passport here in Quiet Town, USA?"
I smiled at Terri and said in a joking voice, "The mayor of Small Town said anyone who doesn't have a passport has to give him a blow job."
With a wide smirk Terri responded, "Well the mayor is going to be sorry he said that because he isn't going to get his cock sucked by this girl."
I looked at Kim and said, "One down and one to go."
Terri asked, "So what's the big deal about me having a passport. I'm not going to be traveling any place. I only have it for ID purposes. That was one of the important things I needed from Harold's."
I asked, "Terri, do you know if Hanna has a passport?"
Terri looked at me then said, "Yes, I believe she does. I think she uses it for ID too. She said something about she went to Canada one time and I believe she said something about using her passport for her ID when she came back to the United States side of the border."
I smiled and said, "Well now, that makes me a very happy man."
Terri was still looking at me with a curious look so I asked, "How would you like to go to Germany with us for a few days next week?"
Terri's mouth dropped open and she stared at me in silent disbelief and then she squealed and jumped up and down before grabbing me and hugging me. Finally she stopped and looked into my eyes and asked, "You are fooling with me, aren't you?"
I smiled and said, "No honey, I am very serious. I am going to take you with me as long as you have a passport."
Terri was funny to watch as she hugged me again, then Beth got squeezed and finally Terri latched onto Kim and plastered her body tight against Kim and when she stepped back Terri said, "I don't have much to wear if we are going to Germany. I'll have to go shopping."
I slapped my forehead and said, "Women!"
I got punched from three directions and three female voices said, "MEN!"
I said, "Come on Terri, we have to get down to the kitchen and watch our dinner being prepared." Looking at Kim and Beth I said, "Come on losers, get cracking in the kitchen, we want to eat before we have to get up in the morning."
We walked down to the kitchen and joined the others. Soon Ted came in from work wearing his uniform and he asked me if he and Marion could spend the night again. I smiled and said, "Yes, by all means you can spend the night again and during dinner I have some news for all of you."
Marion said, "We are going to be staying in a different bedroom honey, let me go up with you and show you our new room."
I smiled and turned and said to Ted, "Hey ole buddy, don't be too long, remember you have to cook my dinner tonight."
Ted turned and looked at me at the doorway of the kitchen and said, "No problem pal. I've already planned your dinner. I'm going to nuke that box of stale donuts you have in the cabinet, slice them up, put some chocolate syrup on top and serve them to ya."
Everyone except me broke out laughing as Ted disappeared around the corner. I looked around and saw Terri and Hanna sitting together talking quietly so I said, "Hey you two, do you want to take a walk with me? We're not going that far, just a walk out through the gardens."
Both girls looked at me like I had two heads, then Terri saw the look on my face and said, "Come on Hanna, let's take a walk with dad. We can have some quality time with him by ourselves."
The girls stood up and started walking towards me so I reached into the refrigerator and pulled out three bottles of water. I handed one to each of the girls and as we turned to walk out on the deck Shelly asked, "Do you want me to go with you, Dan?"
I turned and said, "No, we aren't going that far. I just want to take the girls for a short walk."
I made sure we were far enough away from the house before I said, "Girls, I have something to talk over with both of you. I want to start by saying both of you will be completely safe and anything you hear me say to you is not to be repeated to anyone even Mary and Shelly."
Tomorrow night we have been invited to a party where we will only be spectators. The party is being thrown in honor of three men whom both of you know well. I can tell you that by the time the party is over, neither man will appreciate what will be done to them. There are some people who have read the news and are upset that the men are out of jail on bail. Therefore they are going to make their lives a little more than miserable. What I need to know is if both of you are interested in watching the three men receive their well deserved punishment. You will have to remain silent and only watch. We will be secluded and no one will be able to see us."
Hanna asked, "What are they going to do to Harold, Bill and Pete?"
I looked at Hanna and replied, "Honestly Hanna, I don't know really. All I know is the men are going to be punished for what they did to both of you. They are going to receive a punishment that our justice system won't administer to them. I have a very vivid imagination and I'm sure others can conjure up a plan to make them pay dearly. I know I am going to go. Kim and Jenna have already said they want to go and see the men punished. If both of you want to go, I'll make all the arrangements. Please make sure you want to watch grown men being severely punished before you answer."
Hanna looked at me with tears in her eyes saying, "Harold violated me and almost killed me by ramming something into my body without me being conscious. He made me suck dirty cocks and spread my pussy wide open for homeless men for his amusement and now I want to be amused watching him get punished. I want him to suffer like I suffered."
I looked at Terri as she said, "I want to see all three guys punished. I'm not just talking about what the court is going to do to them, but I want to see them abused like they abused me."
I looked at both girls and pulled them to my body and said, "I will never let them hurt you again as long as I can prevent it. I want both of you to know, if you attend this party in their honor, you can never talk about it to anyone. You can watch it, but then forget anything you see or hear forever. Your solace will be the memory of seeing the three men who dominated both of you, dominated and humiliated by someone else."
Still looking at both girls I said, "Tomorrow afternoon I will come home from work early and I'm going to make arrangements for us to go out as a family. We will be leaving everyone else home. So I want you to play along with anything I do later this evening or tomorrow."
Hanna said, "I have a feeling you had more to do with this party than you are telling us, but I love you so much for everything you and your family has done for me. I hope you won't mind me calling you dad like Terri does."
I reached out my arms to both girls and brought both of them to my body and hugged them saying, "I love both of you too. Both of you are special to me."
I suggested, "Let's take a little walk and give both of you a chance to dry those eyes and then we can head back to the house."
When we got back we saw Shelly and Marion sitting on the deck so we pulled out a towel and sat down and joined the conversation. Soon we were all summoned for dinner. We got up and walked into the house and discovered we were going to be eating roast beef with creamy au gratin potatoes and green beans with lemon meringue pie.
We sat down and everyone started eating with minimal conversation. I broke the silence when I said, "I have plenty of news for all of you. I talked to my lawyer today and he has contacted the owners of the property next door. He has convinced them to sell their three hundred ninety acres to me."
Suddenly there were cheers rising from everyone in the room. When it quieted down and I had everyone's attention, I continued, "I told my lawyer to close on the property as quickly as possible. I'm going to have some people mapping the property next week because I want to build a new house out by that old stream pond I found when I took a walk with Lisa and Becky."
I continued as everyone ate silently, "I talked to Kim and told her I want to offer each of you a chance to live here on the estate if you want to. I have talked with Kim about building smaller homes in various locations around the estate so they aren't visible from each other. We are going to leave this house in place, which would be perfect for single people to share. Of course we will want to carry on with our lifestyle, so anyone who chooses to stay in this house, will have to be nudists."
I looked at Ted and Marion and said, "I will be in the market for buying a new complete security system for any house I build here on the estate."
Ted smiled and said, "I know a security company that would love to bid on that job."
Suddenly I was flooded with questions some of which Kim answered so I could eat before my food got too cold. When the questions died down I said, "Ted, Marion, since you are married, if you want a house out here, I will build one for you. Mary, Shelly, since both of you are single girls and if you would like to share this house with some others, then you would be welcome. But that is in the future so we can put all this on the back burner for now. I only wanted all of you to know the possibilities so you can figure out what is best for you. Kim and I have said we are making this offer available but the last thing we want to do in intrude into anyone's personal life."
Looking around the table I said, "We are going to have a party on Saturday. I called Terri this afternoon and told her to set up a party for about forty people. Ted, Marion, Beth, Mary, and Shelly, if you have someone you'd like to invite, please tell Terri so she can have a head count for the caterers. Please remember to tell anyone you invite that we are hosting a nude party and they will have to sign a confidentiality statement when they arrive."
I continued by saying, "While I am on the subject, I've already invited a few people myself. Terri, there is a great possibility that a girl named Cindy and a guy name Jeff from the clothing store I shop at, will call here. I gave them the number and told them to call. Also I invited Jeff Simpson and his wife and kids. Terri, I would like for you to hire a babysitter who will take care of Jeff and Tina's children in case the adults decide to play. The babysitter can take the kids down to the game room and keep them busy. The babysitter you hire should be a nudist or willing to be nude because Jeff and Tina have been living a nude lifestyle since they came out here and the whole family is used to being nude."
Jenna spoke up after being quiet most of the meal saying, "Please add Lisa, Becky, and Kevin to your list. If you want I can ask Lisa or Becky if they know someone who will babysit for Jeff and Tina's kids."
Terri said, "Sure Jenna that would be so cool if they know someone. Beside they could tell the person in advance they will be around nudists."
Kim added, "We should ask Tony, Patty, Beth and Barbie if they want to come. They had a blast the last time we had a party, so I'm sure they will enjoy being invited."
Terri said, "If we are going to invite them, we should also invite Ashley and her crew and Debbie and her crew. This time we can tell Debbie she should invite her mom to come with her, along with her cousin. They all had a lot of fun during the last party. Also I'd like to invite Bill, the guy who cleans our pool and hot tub. I don't know if he can make it but at lease he'll have an invitation."
Mary spoke up saying, "I may have a guy and girl who would be interested in coming if that's alright with everyone."
Kim spoke up immediately and said, "Mary, Shelly, I want you to feel at home here, please invite anyone who you feel comfortable with. Like Dan said, just warn them in advance we are nudists."
Shelly asked, "I'd like to invite my brother and his wife if that's ok. They have a two sons and a daughter, but I don't know think they've ever been exposed to nudism so I will have to talk to them and see if they want to come and bring their kids."
I looked around the table and said, "I want to stress that if anyone wants to bring their kids to the party they would be welcome to bring them. I am sure all of us can have fun at the party and refrain from any type of sexual activities unless in one of the bedrooms upstairs or in a place where the kids aren't going to be. Nudism is a healthy way to raise children. I know all of us indulge in sex, but in reality being nude doesn't mean you have to have sex with others. I'd really love to see other parents allow their children the joys of being raised in the nudist lifestyle."
Beth spoke up saying, "I agree with Dan. I was raised in a nudist family with two brothers and two sisters and none of us had sex because we were nude. From as early as I can remember, I never wore clothes when I was home and I can tell you it helped build my self confidence. I watched so many of my classmates worry about their bodies when we used the showers after gym and I felt so sorry for them. I truly believe my nudist childhood made me into the confident person I am today and it certainly didn't have any negative effects on me."
Jenna was next to say, "I have been told I didn't even keep my diaper on when I was a baby so this body has been exposed to the sunlight since it was almost new. The only regret I have is not being around before Eve ate the apple. I would have kicked her ass out of the garden and would have enjoyed watching Adam's cock bob up and down in front of my eyes. That damn bitch had to go and ruin it for the rest of us."
Everyone broke out laughing and Jenna tried unsuccessfully to continue. Finally she said, "Really, think about it. We could save all that money we spend on clothes if Eve would have satisfied herself giving Adam blow jobs instead of eating fucking apples."
Kim said, "I'm with Dan, we can have a nude party without the blatant sex in the pool, on the deck or in the hot tub. If you feel you want to do something, you can always take a walk or use one of the bedrooms. It will be great to see kids running around here having a great time enjoying themselves. So don't be afraid to invite someone who has kids."
I said, "Tomorrow is Friday and I am coming home early. Kim and I talked it over and we are going to take the girls out for a little while by ourselves and do something special with them. We won't be out too late so you won't be worried about us. All of you are welcome to go and do something you've wanted to do while we're gone."
Shelly said, "I'll go visit my brother and his wife and invite them personally, instead of calling them on the phone."
Mary said, "I think that's an excellent idea. I can go see my friends and talk to them and see if they want to come here on Saturday. I've been nude all this time so it will seem weird, getting dressed, to go out."
Ted spoke up and started talking as he looked at me and winked, while saying, "This works out perfect, Marion and I will take advantage of you being out with the girls and we'll go do something special for us as well."
I waited for desert to be served before I said, "I have some more news for all of you."
Ted popped in and said in his best announcer voice, "We interrupt your regularly scheduled program to bring you this important breaking news. In a few seconds we will have our connection with our reporter on the scene, hello Dan, are you there? Oh there you are; we're going to switch to Dan Morrison for the breaking news. Go ahead Dan......."
When everyone calmed down from laughing hysterically, I said, "Tom informed me this afternoon that I have to travel for business. The trip starts on Monday and will last at least three days, possibly longer. It will all depend on how fast I can get the business done."
Mary said, "Don't worry, Dan, we will take care of everything while you are gone. Where are you going this time?"
I paused for effect before saying, "Well this time Beth and I are traveling to Frankfurt, Germany."
Suddenly the room erupted with squeals, clapping hands and giggles, followed by Shelly asking, "You aren't going there are you?"
I said, "Yes, it's true. Beth and I will be leaving on Monday morning, headed to Frankfurt. Our first meeting won't be until Wednesday morning."
Suddenly Mary and Shelly both spoke up at the same time, saying, "I wish I could go with you."
I smiled and asked Hanna, "Do you have a passport?"
Hanna looked at me with a surprised look before saying, "Yes, yes I do. I use it for ID. I went to Canada once and used it when I came back to the United States to prove I was a citizen. But my passport is at my apartment."
I smiled and said, "Tom also told me I can take my family with me if I wanted to. So I'm taking the family with me."
I looked at Mary and Shelly, then at Ted and Marion, and asked, "Do each of you have passports?
Each one of them was quick to yell, "YES!"
Looking at the four of them before saying, "We are going to be flying on a company plane so there won't be a cost for air fare. My company will pay for my family's accommodations in Frankfurt, but I will have to pay for anything we eat. Here's what I am proposing to the four of you, if you want to go, you will have to stay in the same hotel and will have to cover the cost of your own rooms. I think all of us will eat together and I will gladly take care of the cost of those meals. When Beth and I have to attend meals and or dinners by the host company, you will be eating with Kim so she can cover the cost of those meals. What I'm really trying to say is, this trip won't cost any of you much money and even less if we share accommodations just like we do here at home. The only cost would be if you wanted to have a separate suite for privacy, which is no problem."
I continued to say, "If you decide you want to go, let Beth know because she will be making the room reservations tomorrow."
Immediately a conversation broke out between Ted, Mary and Shelly. I ate my dessert while I listened to Mary and Shelly make their case to Ted explaining that they were on duty guarding Terri and Hanna and they should be able to go wherever they go, to make sure they stay safe. Ted kept a straight face as he said it wasn't necessary for them to go to Germany to protect the girls because he was very sure Harold, Bill and Pete didn't have any contacts in Germany who would try to harm the girls. To rub salt in a wound, Ted turned to Marion and said, "Honey we can go with Dan. I have plenty of vacation time and can take time off."
Suddenly both Mary and Shelly simultaneously began to argue each of them had vacation time and personal time they could take off. Ted smiled and said, "But if I'm away, then both of you have to be on duty to make sure everything is secure here."
Mary got up and walked over to Ted before she said, "Look here, mister supervisor sergeant sir, if you are going to authorize yourself a few vacation days, you are going authorize your best officers a few vacation days also. If for no other reason other than we are dependable, reliable, and willing to put up with your shit." Everyone broke out laughing as Mary leaned over and planted a long kiss on Ted's lips as a final act to her argument.
When the kiss ended, Ted took a few moments licking his lips while looking directly at Shelly before saying, "That tasted like another....... Hummmm?"
Shelly jumped up and ran over to Ted's side and leaned over and laid a kiss on him that lasted longer than Mary's. When she finished she stood up and pulled Ted's hand and placed it on her pussy before saying, "See how wet I am thinking about your wonderful cock sliding into me while lying on my bed in Frankfurt?"
Suddenly everyone was cheering loudly causing an echo throughout the room. Kim spoke loud enough to be heard when she said, "She's got ya, Ted."
Ted looked at me and asked, "Are you sure you can accommodate all of us on the plane?"
I looked at Ted as I smiled and said, "Our company owns an Airbus A350 XWB and that's the plane I'm taking to Germany. It would normally seat almost three hundred people but as I understand it, the plane has been modified to the company's specs. They have first class type seating in the front of the plane, a lounge, dining room, a full galley, a couple of full bathrooms and even have three bedrooms on the plane. I know there will be plenty of room for all of us to go if you want to."
After some thought Ted said, "I need to talk to the chief and see if we can pull this off. After all Mary and Shelly are stationed here so it's not like they would be expected to be on duty someplace else. I have vacation time so I can take off. You really need to know tonight don't you?"
I looked at Beth and she looked at Ted before saying, "I will be making the room reservations in the morning. Let me tell you that the rooms are in the Falkenstein Grand Kempinski in Frankfurt and the rates start at EUR 510.00 per night. The company will pay for my suite and two suites for Dan and his family. Since most of us have been intimate with each other I would suggest that we reserve suites with two beds and share so it will be more cost effective for all of you."
Kim spoke up saying, "I don't want to sound like I'm being cheap or anything, but if they have king sized beds like what we have in our bedrooms, we already know three people can fit comfortably in one bed. I was only thinking the less money you spend for overnight accommodations the more you'll have to buy souvenirs and of course the girls will want to go shopping."
Mary spoke up saying, "I've shared this body with almost everyone here, so I wouldn't be opposed to sharing a bed if it means I'll have more money to shop with."
Ted asked, "Dan, may I use your phone in the den?"
I smiled and said, "You never have to ask to use anything here with the exception of asking the girls if you can get in their panties. That is, if they ever decide to wear panties."
Ted got up and walked out of the dining room and everyone pitched in and started cleaning up the table. Once everything was cleaned up we headed off to the pool to float and relax. Jenna, Terri and Hanna swam over by me and we started to talk quietly amongst ourselves. I looked around the pool and noticed Marion, Kim, Beth, Mary and Shelly had formed a small circle and were talking. Jenna reached out and was stroking my cock under the water and I said to her, "Careful young lady, that's loaded. You don't want it to go off in your hand."
Jenna smiled at me saying, "No daddy, I would love to have it go off inside my tight wet pussy when you are making slow romantic love to me."
I looked at Jenna and said, "Your mom said she wants take a turn on that thing tonight, so you have to save some for her or she'll be pissed."
Terri and Hanna moved closer and Terri said, "I'd settle for that magic tongue of yours licking my pussy. You can make a girl feel like a queen riding on the end of that thing."
Hanna moved in front of me and said, "Daddy...... may I call you daddy?"
I looked Hanna in her lovely eyes and replied, "Baby girl, you can call me daddy all you want because I don't hear any objections from the other two girls beside you and both of them call me daddy."
Hanna looked at me then she asked me in a very quiet voice, "When you get done licking Terri's pussy would you lick my pussy right here where everyone can watch?"
I smiled at Hanna and said, "Honey, if that's what you want me to do, I'll do that for you."
Hanna spoke up saying, "I want everyone to see me being loved. I want to........ you know...." Hanna stopped talking and just stared at me.
I got a lump in my throat and asked, "Are you trying to say you want to be loved like a woman should be?"
Hanna stared at me and then looked at Jenna and Terri before she answered in a quiet loving voice, "Yes daddy, I want you to make love to me. I want to feel you inside me. I want you to treat me like a lady. But for tonight I will settle for you making me feel great by licking my pussy. I just don't want to cause any complications down there until I am completely healed. I only want you to know that when I am healed, I want you to be the first one to make love to me."
Both Jenna and Terri hugged Hanna then Jenna said, "Hanna our daddy will always treat you like a lady and he will always protect you as he would us. He is a special man and I'm proud to call him daddy."
Terri spoke up next saying, "Welcome to our family Hanna. There is plenty enough love for you too."
Terri moved to the side of the pool and said, "Daddy, I'm ready for your tongue."
When Terri laid back and spread her legs allowing her bent knees to fall to the sides opening her deliciously delicate flower for my eyes to enjoy, I moved forward as if I was in a trance until my nose hovered above her lovely flower and I caught a whiff of her heavenly scent mixed with the chlorine from the pool. I stuck out my tongue and barely grazed her slit several times, each time moving upward toward her extended little button at the top her lovely wet pussy. Terri was moaning, "Please, daddy, don't tease me. Please make me have one of those orgasms you are so famous for."
I smiled and then pushed my tongue into her tight hole and tongue fucked my girl until her hips were undulating with the rhythm of my tongue. Terri's moans grew louder as I moved up and attacked her clit and my tongue. I used my tongue and began sparring with the hard nubbin at the top of Terri's pussy. I flicked it and licked it until I knew Terri was close. Then I trapped it between my teeth and put just enough pressure on it to hold it in place while I provided a constant barrage from my tongue. Finally, Terri screamed and clamped her legs to the sides of my head and suddenly she started squirting and I was trying to swallow her juices as fast as they were pumping out of her. Her screams became hoarse because I didn't stop my attack on her clit until she finished squirting. Then she started bucking her hips up and down as spasm after spasm rocked her. I pulled my face back and used my finger to rub her clit and I was surprised to see Terri squirt even more fluid.
Hanna moved in front of me and took me in her arms and started kissing me and licking my lips. I held her and kissed her until she said, "My turn daddy. I want you to do the same thing to me right here and now."
Hanna hopped up on the deck and let her legs fall to the side like Terri had done and I moved in the same way I did to Terri. I pulled back and looked at the beautiful flower before my eyes and said to Hanna, "Thank you, now, get ready."
I stuck out my tongue and aimed it for her tiny hole and once my tongue was inside her I started moving it in a lapping motion. It didn't take long before Hanna was moving her hips and moaning softly. Off to my right I saw Jenna lay down beside Hanna and Terri move in between Jenna's spread legs. I looked at Terri and she said, "I'm only getting her started for you, dad. She's all yours right after we hear Hanna scream."
I worked slowly on Hanna, taking my time to make her feel good before I moved up to her clit that was already standing at attention. Hanna was flooded with juices which were running out of her love tunnel and dripping down to her ass. Normally I would have licked those juices up but I didn't want to go near that area until I had permission. Finally I had Hanna withering and begging me to make her have an orgasm. So I slowly, ever so slowly, moved up along her slit until my lips bumped Hanna's clitty and she jumped like she'd been shocked. Then I launched a full-fledged attack on Hanna's clit like I had with Terri. Soon Hanna was bouncing her ass up and down on the deck and made it difficult for me to stay in contact with her. She was screaming in small gasps and begging me for more. After a series of small orgasms Hanna suddenly stiffened and brought her legs up so hard they slapped the sides of my head and Hanna grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled hard as she held the lower half of her body up and convulsed each time my tongue moved across her sensitive clit. Suddenly I felt the warm fluid of Hanna's orgasm squirt into my mouth and although I valiantly tried to swallow all her sweet nectar, I missed some squirts that dribbled down my lower lip onto the deck. Finally Hanna started pushing on my head and I released her clit. I looked up the body of Hanna as her chest and her "B" cup titties with their tiny pink nipples rose and fell rapidly. When she was finally able to talk, she raised her head and said, "Thank you dad, I love you."
I responded, "I love you too."
Terri said, "Come on dad, Jenna is all wet and ready for that lovely cock of yours to fill her tight pussy."
I laughed as I moved over between Jenna's spread legs saying, "Holy smokes, Terri, have you ever thought about going into sales? That was quite a sale pitch and it convinced me I need to be sliding this hard cock into Jenna's love tunnel right now."
I stepped up between Jenna's legs and slowly rubbed the mushroom head of my cock up and down her beautiful open flower and then I lifted my cock and spanked Jenna's protruding clit three or four times which made her squeal with delight. I waited then spanked her clit four more times and Jenna begged, "PLEASE DADDY! Please don't tease your baby girl. Slide that wonderful cock of yours into my hot pussy. I need to feel you fucking me, RIGHT NOW!"
I slowly slipped my cock up and down Jenna's pussy lubricating the head of my cock with her juices. Finally I pushed the head down until I felt it at the entrance to her little hole. I pushed inward ever so slowly and when the rim at the base of my cockhead disappeared inside her, Jenna moaned loudly saying, "Fuck me daddy, fuck me and bury your hard cock inside your little girl. I need you so badly."
Not honoring my daughter's wishes I continued to slowly slide into her. By now everyone in the pool had gathered around and was watching me fuck my daughter. When my cock was completely buried inside Jenna all of us could hear a squishing sound coming from her pussy. I looked around and said to Jenna, "Baby, everyone is watching us. They can see your daddy has his cock deep inside your womb. Oh baby, you feel so good and tight."
I started to pull back but Jenna begged me, "No, don't pull out; I want to be filled with your cock, daddy. Please just keep it in me and let me use my muscles and see if I can make you cum."
I pushed all the way back inside Jenna and I felt her use her muscles to milk my cock and then she would move her hips so my cockhead was rubbing her cervix. I held on to Jenna's hips and took the ride she was offering. I licked my thumb and index finger to get them all wet, and then I started rubbing Jenna's clit. She began to pump her hips faster and squeeze my cock and soon I felt my cum start to move towards the end of my cock as I groaned, "Jenna, I'm going to fill you full of cum in a few seconds. Are you ready, baby, to cum with daddy?"
Jenna started to gasp for breath, and then she reached up and pulled me closer to her as I watched her pant. Then she erratically pumped her hips and squeezed my cock and I exploded inside my baby. Shot after shot filled her tight milking pussy as she held me in place with her legs locked around my back and the heel of one foot at the top of my ass crack forcing me to stay inside her hot juicy pussy. I was amazed at the velocity of my orgasm and I didn't even get to pump into her. I stayed connected to my daughter until she decided it was time for me to pull out. Even then she controlled how fast I was allowed to move. When my cock was at the entrance of her lovely pussy, she smiled up at me saying, "You have the best cock that's ever filled my pussy. I love you so much, daddy."
I looked lovingly at Jenna and said in a soft voice, "I will love you forever and don't you forget that."
With my cockhead still blocking her hole I said, "I shot a lot inside you so when I pull out you should clamp your legs together and roll on your side before you get up. I'll meet you in the shower."
As I was climbing up the steps I looked and saw Kim and Beth locked in a passionate kiss and Ted was holding Marion up with her legs wrapped around his waist and she was bouncing up and down. Mary and Shelly were wrapped in each other's arms and kissing passionately. Jenna and I walked over to the shower on the deck and rinsed off quickly then re-joined everyone in the pool. Immediately Terri and Hanna came over and stood by Jenna and me. We started talking about small stuff as we watched everyone making out.
Kim and Beth moved towards us and we watched as Beth climbed up on the edge of the pool and lay back on the deck almost in the same spot Jenna had laid a few minutes ago. Kim is an experienced pussy licker so when she went to work on Beth's pussy it was only seconds before Kim had Beth reeling toward paradise. Beth couldn't make up her mind if she wanted Kim to lick her or stop because she was yelling, "Oh God yes.... right there! Oh no, I'm so sensitive, you've got to stop...... no, don't stop lick me right there..... oh yes that feels so good.... Oh God no..... no..... oh yes!"
Finally Beth screamed loudly, "Oh, I'm cumming! Kim, right there! OH! YES!"
When Beth was coming down from her magnificent orgasm, she just let her legs dangle in the pool and Kim lapped at her open pussy cleaning up any juices still there. When Beth was able to stand up, Kim helped her and then hugged her tightly and I heard her say to Beth, "Come to bed with me tonight and I'm going to see if I can make you scream as loud as Dan did."
Ted and Marion were in the shower when I asked, "How did you make out with your arrangements?"
Ted smiled and asked, "Are you sure you want all the extra company to go with you?"
I looked around at everyone then said loud enough for everyone to hear me, "In life, a person makes many acquaintances; however, that same person only makes a few true friendships. I consider all of you friends and I'm willing to share with my friends."
Ted smiled and said, "Well, if Mary and Shelly have passports, it looks like they will be on the way to Germany on Monday. I know Marion and I have passports, so if the offer is still open, we will be joining you as well." Loud cheering and clapping of hands rang out and everyone jumped up in down expressing their joy.
Kim spoke up saying, "Now all we will have to do is decide how many rooms we'll need to reserve and let Beth know so she can make the reservations in the morning."
Everyone gathered around in a circle in the pool and talked excitedly as they talked and planned before finally coming up with a plan equitable to everyone. One thing everyone agreed upon was we wanted to have suites that connected by internal doors so we could roam between rooms without going out in the hallway. After everything was settled I smiled and said to Ted, Mary, and Shelly, "Even though we are flying on a private plane, I'm sure we are going to have to go through customs so the three of you will have to leave your guns at home."
Kim said, "Terri, will you take care to notify Ashley, Debbie and Tony's crew that we will be away for a few days next week. Give each crew a key to our home and ask them to do what they normally do for us. Also, as an afterthought, it would probably be better to keep who's going on this trip between us so no one will feel left out."
Everyone started talking at once before I said, "We wouldn't want to upset anyone and Kim is right, we don't want to hurt anyone's feelings."
We walked up the steps and out of the pool then walked over to the table where each of us sat down to talk. Kim, Marion, Mary and Beth took drink orders then disappeared into the kitchen. When they returned they passed out the drinks and took their seats. I noticed that I was flanked by Kim on one side and Beth on the other side. The conversation was lively as everyone discussed the pending trip. All of the females in the group made plans to go shopping on Sunday morning so they could come back and pack for the trip. Of course our wives invited Ted and me to go on their shopping trip but both of us declined using the reason, each of us had plenty of clothes and could do just fine without buying new ones.
It was way after dark before I looked around and said, "It's going to be a long day tomorrow, I need to get to bed because I know I'm not going to get to sleep immediately."
Kim hugged my arm saying, "That's right, buddy. I have an itch and you're the one I've selected to scratch it."
I stood up and said to Ted, Mary and Shelly, "I trust you'll lock up and make sure everything is secure before everyone goes to bed."
Mary spoke up and said, "Dan, we've got your ass covered. Well we don't really have your ass covered, but I had to say it because I read that line in an old cop comic book."
Everyone laughed before Ted said, "Mankind is depending on your performance tonight. Screw up and we'll be in trouble."
I turned and said, "Before I go to bed I have to tell all of you a story. When I was a young man I used to pick my nose to keep it clean.
Everyone said in unison, "Ewwwwwwwww......that's nasty."
I continued by saying, "Then I started dating and just before I knew I was going to get fucked, I would pick my nose then insist that I always be on top in the missionary position during sex."
Once again I was interrupted by a collective, "Ewwwwwwww...... that's really nasty."
I looked at everyone before saying with a straight face, "My grandma and grandpa were very smart people and I always followed their advice. My grandma always told me to keep my nose clean and my grandpa advised me that I should never fuck up. That's why I picked my nose and always insisted on fucking in the missionary position."
Even though I knew it was a lame joke, everyone humored me and laughed. Kim pulled on my arm saying, "You should be on stage and the next one leaves in a few seconds so come on."
Everyone cheered Kim as she pulled me through the sliding glass doors and out of sight. I looked at Kim and said, "I was just getting started. That was only my warm up line. I have more material, honest honey, let me go back and deliver my next line and you'll see."
Kim continued to drag me through the house with Beth following and laughing. Finally Kim said, "Dan, I'm not sure if anyone ever told you, but honey is really "bee shit" so I should be insulted every time you call me honey."
Beth laughed and I looked at her asking, "What are you laughing at. You're supposed to be on my side."
Beth smiled at me then said, "I don't want to use a cliché, but when in Rome....."
I looked at Beth and smiled and stupidly asked, "So you're going to side with the women against your loving boss?"
Beth smiled and said, "A girl has to do what a girl has to do."
Kim stopped pulling my arm and turned to Beth and they high fived in front of my face. I looked at each of them before I asked, "And you think you are going to get what out of me tonight?"
Beth rushed over to Kim saying, "Ok, you can stay down here and I'll take Kim upstairs and wear her out so she won't want anything to do with you tonight. No problem!"
I stopped and looked at the two smiling females before me, and then I said, "Fuck, it's really a woman's world isn't it?"
Smiling I said, "Ok, let's go play."
The three of us walked directly into the bathroom. All of us took turns going to the bathroom then Kim and Beth took turns using the bidet before they joined me in the shower for a quick rinse to get the chlorine off our bodies. After we were dry I stood behind the girls and watched their titties bounce as they took turns using the blow dryer to dry up their hair a little so it wasn't so wet before we headed into bed.
Kim moved up the bed and laid down on her back and said, "Dan, please lick my pussy and Beth I want you to come up here so I can lick your beautiful pussy."
I didn't have to be asked twice as I moved up between Kim open legs and lifted them and spread them wide so I had full access to her delicious pussy and her cute lil asshole. I know what sends Kim over the edge, so I started kissing, licking and tonguing her hot beautiful flower and alternating between tongue fucking her pussy and her asshole. It didn't take long before I had Kim vibrating and bucking her hips. At the same time Kim was moaning into Beth's pussy. Kim's tongue was busy licking and tongue fucking Beth. Both females were reaching fever pitch when suddenly Kim's dam burst and she bucked wildly while I attempted to stay attached to her clit and prolong her orgasm. Beth rolled off to the side and lay on the bed breathing hard asking in between gasps, "Wow, did anyone tell you two - - both of you - - are something else?"
Kim smiled at Beth saying, "We've heard plenty of compliments over the years, but we've never had any complaints."
Beth smiled as she looked at both of us saying, "Oh God, I will never complain about anything you two do to my body. I love both of you. Kim, I've talked to you on the phone many times over the last six years and never really knew who you were. God, I wish I could turn back the clock so I could have experienced this love way back then. But since I can't, I'll take all the love you two want to share with me. I've finally found someone I can trust and love outside of my own family members."
Beth continued by saying, "I'd love for all of you to meet my family some day. I'm not sure my parents would be thrilled with the family interaction you have with your daughters, but you know it would be an eye opener for them to see true love in action. All of you are the model family as far as I'm concerned."
Kim looked at Beth and said, "Beth, if you want to invite your family here we would welcome them. I am sure we could abstain from our normal sexual activities during their visit. Actually, I'd love to meet your family."
Beth responded, "Are you certain you'd like to meet them? They have wanted to come and visit me, but my apartment was too small and too hot so I didn't encourage them. I really would love to see them again since I only get to see them on the holidays when I travel home.
I said to Beth, "Call them tomorrow and tell them we are going to have a party this Saturday. I know its short notice, but if they can come we will make some kind of arrangements for them. We can double up in the beds and make a room available for them."
I moved up and kissed Kim passionately while Beth watched us. After a few minutes I started to move downward kissing Kim's body. When I reached her tits I paused and looked at each one before I attacked the right one first by raining kisses all around her pink areola, then I sucked her nipple into my mouth and used my tongue to massage it. Kim began to moan and push her titty towards my face. I spent a couple of minutes on that titty before I moved to the other one and duplicated my actions. Finally, I moved forward on my knees and sat up on my heels and looked at the lovely body of my wife. With lust filled eyes and a husky voice, Kim looked up at me and asked, "What are you doing, Dan? You know I need you. Please, I'm all yours, so take me and love me."
I smiled down at Kim then picked up my cock and used it to tap her pubic bone several times. Again Kim spoke up saying, "Dan, please don't tease me. I want your beautiful cock to fill my pussy."
I remained silent as I once again tapped her pubic bone a few more times while I smiled down at Kim. I finally said, "You know, we're going to join the mile high club on the way to Germany. We are going to use one of the bedrooms and I'm going to make mad passionate love to you at forty thousand feet."
Through half open eye lids, Kim said, "I don't care about then, I want you NOW!"
Holding my cock I moved it slowly up and down Kim's juicy slit before I brought it up and used my cockhead to massage Kim's clit. Immediately she started to undulate her hips and moan softly. I moved my cock downward and when I felt my cock start to sink into Kim, I pushed slowly forward and inch by inch my cock disappeared inside her. Once I was buried deep inside Kim, I pushed to make sure she had all of my cock. Kim groaned, "That's it Dan, fill me with that wonderful cock of yours. I love you so much."
I started pumping into Kim and she met each one of my thrusts by raising her hips to meet me so my cock sank deep into her womb. We picked up tempo, but neither of us was in a hurry to finish. Both of us were into our love making session and moaning with greater intensity as the moments passed. I watched as Kim reached over and found Beth and pulled her over and started kissing her. Within seconds Beth rolled up on her side and allowed her hands to explore Kim's titties and Kim's free hand found its way to Beth's right titty and they continued to kiss passionately. I looked down then dipped my finger into the female fluids dripping out of Kim's pussy to get it wet then I reached over and found Beth's clit and started to massage it.
Beth began to pump her hips then realized I couldn't rub her clit if she moved too much, so she settled for spreading her legs to give me full access to her clit. I continued to pump my cock in and out of Kim at a steady rhythm until she said, "Oh Dan, I'm almost there. It snuck up on me. Pleaseeeeeeeee hurry!"
I stopped playing with Beth and concentrated on Kim and my orgasm, while Kim continued to kiss Beth and both of them playing with each other's titties. I felt my cum start to move and told Kim I was almost there and she started pumping her hips and moaning into Beth's mouth as I fucked my wife and she bounced up and down as her orgasm ripped through her body. I pushed my cock deep inside her and rode out the wild ride. I stayed buried inside Kim as she quieted down and enjoyed the waning moments of our fantastic orgasm.
A few moments later I remembered I almost had Beth ready to enjoy her own orgasm when I stopped massaging her clit. I reached over and dipped my finger into Beth, then moved it up and rubbed across her clit making her purr. It took me a few minutes to get Beth started again, but suddenly she began to pump her hips up and down as she moaned. Kim pulled Beth's face back to hers and began to kiss her and massage her titties again. After a few more minutes Beth clamped her legs together, trapping my arm, as she bucked her hips up and down enjoying her orgasm to its fullest.
Satisfied I had pleased the two ladies in bed with me I pulled my cock out of Kim and my finger out of Beth and I moved until I was able to lay down on the other side of Kim. Kim clamped her legs together and the three of us lay on our back and enjoyed the loving session. A few minutes later Kim said, "I'm going to leak on the bed if I don't get up and I'm not sleeping on a wet spot tonight."
All three of us got up and headed for the bathroom. I peed first then went over and turned on the shower and stepped under the water and watched both women take turns on the toilet then the bidet. The two women rinsed their bodies in the shower being careful to not get their head wet.
We climbed back in bed, but this time Beth was in the middle. Beth started the conversation by saying, "Kim, this morning when you pulled your skirt up and spread your legs and let the trucker look at your beautiful pussy, it was like flipping a light switch on for me. I watched what you did and I was so turned on thinking about it, I had to act. I hope you don't mind, but I begged Dan to expose me, strip me naked, but the goal was to show off my body to anyone he wanted and anywhere he wanted. We went on a long lunch today and I got my wish."
Kim smiled at me, and said, "Tell me about what you did and how you felt about being naked."
For the next fifteen minutes Beth spoke excitedly, non-stop, about going to the clothes store and then to the park and finally working in the office completely naked, with the doors unlocked. Beth said, "I can't help it, watching you this morning made me want to be seen naked by someone who isn't a nudist. Now that I've been exposed, I can't get enough. I want to be exposed some more, but I also understand that the first priority is for me to be safe and not do anything which will get me arrested.
Kim cuddled up to Beth's side and when Beth stopped talking Kim asked, "Beth, I hope you don't mind me asking you this but what are your long range plans for your life, in terms of relationships and family?
Beth looked directly at Kim and studied her face before she said, "Right now there is no guy in my life. I can't find someone who can accept my nudist lifestyle completely. A few guys who I thought were possibilities, because they told me they understood my nudist lifestyle, but when we were going to be around some of their male friends, each one wanted me to wear clothes and cover my body completely so their friends couldn't see me nude. So I knew they really weren't for me. I'm still young yet, so there's time to find Mr. Right, like Dan is for you."
Beth continued by saying, "I hope I can find a man just like Dan because I'm really impressed with everything about him. I started working for your husband soon after I graduated from high school six years ago. In all that time I knew he was a good man, but until I came out here to your home did I find out how much I really didn't know about him. I never realized he was such a loving, caring and giving man."
Kim smiled and said, "Yes, we are very fortunate to have found each other. Both of us are living the dream we envisioned for ourselves. The best part is we are able to share our dream with family and friends. We wanted a larger family, but as fate would have it, I was only able to have one child. We love Jenna dearly and since Terri came along we have taken her as a second daughter but I've always wanted another baby to raise."
Beth seemed like she was deep in thought for a few minutes before she replied, "Yes, I hope to have at least four children. I would love to have two boys and two girls and I'd love to have them close in age so they can grow up together and keep each other company. But to make that come true, I really don't want to wait too long so I can be young enough to grow up with them."
Kim asked, "Beth, can I ask you a personal question?"
Beth looked at Kim and smiled saying, "I thought you and Dan told me there's no secrets in this house? Kim, you've known me for many years even although you didn't really know me, if you understand what I mean. Kim you can ask me anything."
Looking into Beth's eyes, Kim finally asked, "Are you on some form of birth control right now or are you just taking chances you won't get pregnant?"
Beth said, "Right now I am on the shot that lasts three months at a time, actually I'm almost due to have the next one. I've been taking the shot for almost two years now because I didn't want to take a chance of getting pregnant in case I had sex with someone. Kim, I don't want you to get the wrong impression of me, I'm not a slut and I'm not someone who goes around fucking everything that has a dick. I just wanted to be safe in case I was ever in a situation where I wanted to have sex with a particular guy and didn't want to take the chance of getting pregnant. I hope you understand."
Kim smiled and said, "I understand completely. I talked it over with Jenna and she is also taking Depo-Provera or also known as DMPA. She gets her shot every three months and one of the things she's noticed is if she has a period at all its just spotting for a couple of hours but most of the time she doesn't get her period."
Beth replied saying, "I haven't had a period in about a year and a half either. I hope Jenna is taking extra calcium and vitamin D, because with the shot there is a tendency to thin our bones."
Kim said, "Yes, Jenna is on both as supplements to the regular foods she eats."
Beth looked over at me and asked, "Are you getting depressed Dan, listening to all this girl talk?"
I smiled and said, "I've lived with two females and have been outnumbered for many years. I don't think you can discuss anything about a female body that I haven't heard before."
I suddenly had the urge to say, "Beth, if you ever want to start a family and you are looking for a good man to have your first child with, I promise to be a great father."
Beth jerked her head off the pillow and looked over at me at the same time I heard her gasp. In a raspy voice I heard her ask, "What did you just say?"
I smiled at her, then I looked over at Kim, before I said, "Beth, if you want to start a family and if you are interested, I promise to be a great father to our child."
Beth jerked her head back and looked at Kim with searching eyes before she asked, "Kim, did you hear what your husband said to me?"
Kim didn't say a word as she looked at Beth for a few moments then responded, "Yes dear, I heard what Dan said to you not once but twice. I want you to know I am not offended and neither should you be. Dan has been an excellent husband and an even greater father to our daughter. If you ever decide to take him up on his offer, he will care for you as if he was your husband too."
Beth's eyes opened wide and she gasped again before asking, "Kim, are you saying what I think you're saying? Are you giving Dan and me permission to make a family and we will live here with you and everyone else and become that proverbial happy family, ever after?"
Kim looked over at me again then back at Beth before saying, "You won't find a better man for your children. Yes, I'm willing to share my man with you, but only if you can live the same lifestyle we currently enjoy. That would mean we would share our man with other females just as you have seen happen here."
Beth laid back on her pillow with her eyes wide open and she was breathing rapidly. In a quiet voice, Beth asked, "Would everything remain the same as it is now with the exception of me becoming a mother to Dan's children? Would I be accepted as a second wife and mother to the family you already have? Would we continue to love each other? Oh God, I have so many questions running through my head it's hard to think clearly."
In a soothing voice Kim said, "Beth no one is expecting you to give an answer anytime soon. The last thing Dan and I want to do is ruin any plans you have for your life. If you decide not to take Dan's offer we will continue to live just as we are now, nothing will change unless you want it to. I think you have strong feelings for Dan and I think that's why he made you this offer. In all the years we've been married, he hasn't made an offer like that to any other female, so you should feel privileged that he cares deeply enough about you to ask."
Beth rolled her head and looked at me saying, "I do love you as I told you, but in a special way. I never anticipated this moment. I don't want to sound disinterested, because I'm not. I need some time to let all this information sink in and process it. I want to get something straight in my head though, how would all this work if we decided to live together as two mothers and one father?"
For the next half hour Kim and I took turns talking and explaining to Beth how all three of us would live together. Beth asked some questions and we would answer them. As our conversation was winding down Beth looked at both of us and said, "Wow, both of you sure know how to knock my socks off. I really do love both of you and I would like the chance to live here with all of you and find out for myself what your lifestyle is. I will tell you right now, if we decide to go forward with this plan and I don't take my next shot, I will only make love to you, Dan. I want to know for sure that you are the father of my baby. That's the only restriction I would want agreed upon. Once I know I'm pregnant then I wouldn't be opposed to enjoying other men as long as they don't hurt our baby."
Kim smiled at Beth saying, "I love you, Beth. I want you to know you are not under any pressure to make a decision for or against. Most of all, you should never feel pressured to perform sex with anyone. If anyone tries to force you, then we want you to tell us and that person will be sorry."
Beth rolled over and embraced Kim and they hugged and kissed for a few seconds, then Beth rolled over and hugged me to her naked body and kissed me. When our kiss ended Beth rolled back on her back then looked at each of us before saying, "Is this real or is this Memorex?"
All of us laughed for a few seconds then I said, "It's as real as you want it to be. I love you and I look forward to the possibility of our relationship blossoming into something very beautiful and fulfilling for all of us."
Kim said, "I don't want to be a spoil sport, but its late and we need to get to sleep otherwise we are going to all regret it tomorrow."
We took turns kissing and then I hit the switch on the headboard and turned off the light. I moved in close to Beth and she took my hand and placed in on her pussy. Within a few seconds I felt a female hand being placed on top of mine. Then I heard Beth say in a quiet voice, "I want both of you to know, I love your proposal and I want........ oh your hands on my pussy feels so good."
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read this chapter.
** Please take a couple of seconds and vote for this story.
** Your vote rates the story/chapter and Literotica uses your votes to rate the authors.
** Chapter 12, as of August 10th, has had 15,907 readers and only 716 readers voted.
PLEASE VOTE:** Please click on one of the stars below: 5 Stars - - IF-You loved this chapter
****************************
NAMES OF MAIN CHARACTERS:
The Morrison family: Dan, Kim, Jenna and Terri Powell
Lawn/Landscaping crew: Tony and Patty Williams,Tony's sisters: Barbie and Beth Williams
Security crew: Ted and Marion JohnsonHelpers: Pet and Jeff
Police Officers: Officer Mary Davis, Officer Shelly White
Terri's Friend: Jeff and Tina Simpson
Jenna's Friends: Lisa Thompson, Becky Harris and Kevin Brown
Additional victim of Harold: Hanna Lindquist
House cleaning crew: Ashley and Paul Brennan and Sarah GreenGus and Debbie Brown and Joe Newton
Store owner: Harold Gordon
Salon owner: Bill Jefferson
Photographer: Pete Jensen
Pool cleaner: Bill Smith
Dan's executive secretary: Beth Thompson
Dan and Beth's secretary: Kelly Jones
Kelly Jones's brother: Bruce Jones
Dan's Chairman of the Board: Tom Banks
Tom's executive secretary: Brenda Summers
Chauffer for Dan and Tom: Joe Bailey
Pilot for the company: Captain Bob McGrath