Over the next several weeks, my relationship with Vicki continued to grow. She was genuinely affectionate, and loved learning new things with me. I loved teaching her as well. She eagerly learned how to take my penis into her mouth and run her tongue around the underside of the shaft, stimulating my frenulum with the tip of her tongue until it was as hard as a rock. Next, I instructed her how to make a slight suction with her lips and slide them up and down the shaft of my cock until I ejaculated in her warm, wet mouth. It wasn't long until she was an expert in giving me fellatio. I loved having it performed on me, and she loved getting a mouthful of manly custard in return.
Not being selfish, once she mastered that art, I then showed her multiple techniques in sexual intercourse. It turned out that we both favored her riding me. She loved the position because she felt empowered by being on top, and I liked it because I could reach up and squeeze her firm, young tits as her cunt pleasured my cock to orgasm. It also enabled her to cum as well, and it seemed we both had similar time lines for climaxing. On several occasions, we both came at nearly the same time, which was absolutely wonderful to experience.
Since she was so good to me, I wanted to help her experience as many things that would turn her on as I could. I researched diligently, into state and federal laws that would allow me to take her places where she could be not only topless, but also totally nude as well. Some of those places were secluded, but others would allow her to walk around absolutely nude in public. I began planning trips that would make her dreams become a reality, and Vicki was truly excited about everything I alluded to.
Additionally, since we were spending so much time together, I suggested that she cancel her lease and move in with me. Vicki happily agreed to the idea, and I suddenly found my house full. We had found homes for all of the kittens except Merv, who I had agreed on our first fuck to take home, leaving him, Stella and Vicki to move in with me. We had Stella spayed, so she wouldn't have any more kittens, and she and Merv became indoor/outdoor cats who had free range of the house and yard.
Vicki absolutely loved living in my house, as she was free to take her clothes off and wander around the yard totally nude once it got dark. She especially loved masturbating in the yard; sometimes wandering down the driveway to daringly climax in the front yard. All of this was done in the secrecy of the dark, but there was one spot in the back yard that allowed her to strip during the day and masturbate in full daylight. Even better, it was also a spot where she could suck my dick in the back yard during the day without anyone seeing us. It was great!
I loved gazing down at my little blonde honey, as she dropped to her knees and sucked my penis until I shot my load into her mouth. And all of this in broad daylight in our back yard! It wasn't long before the masturbation and cock sucking turned into actual sex. Fucking her in the back yard was great, but then we started sneaking into the front yard around 2:00 AM as well. Oh my god! It was such a thrill! Even though there is street light directly across the street, there are a number of trees that provide enough light blockage to allow complete privacy in the shadows, and we took full advantage of it.
As our relationship continued, we became inseparable. Vicki loved me because I cared about her and treated her well. I loved her because she was sweet, innocent and loyal. Different reasons I understand. Some might say I was taking advantage of her but I was not. Just because she was mentally challenged did not mean she was an idiot. Far from it! In fact, I was surprised at how well she learned new things and adopted them to her everyday life.
I'm not simply referring to sex either. Vicki seemed to have a desire to absorb as much knowledge as she could. She learned new words. She learned history as I explained things we saw on TV. I soon realized her parents were at fault for her falling behind; not her disability. She would never be completely normal; I understood that, but her full potential seemed to be far greater than anyone had given her credit for. I was determined to help her learn as much as I could.
One evening, I came home from my route and found her in the office using my computer. She was devoid of clothes as usual, but she was masturbating intently to a video of a very pregnant woman walking around nude in the forest. Vicki was oblivious to the fact that I was standing behind her as she desperately fingered her cunt.
"Oh my god!" she exclaimed. "Your belly is so fucking huge! I want a baby! Oh shit- oh fuck! Oh God, it feels so good! You're beautiful!"
Vicki's entire body shook as she experienced a powerful orgasm. Her bare feet kicked violently, and I heard the sound of liquid dribbling onto the plastic mat underneath the chair. I waited until her throes of passion had subsided, before I reached out and placed my hands on her shoulders. She gave a start, but quickly relaxed as she realized it was me.
"I didn't hear you come in, Love." she responded. "You startled me."
I slid my hands from her shoulders down to her firm tits, which I began massaging vigorously, much to her delight.
"Mmm, that feels nice." she whispered. "I love it when you squeeze my titties like that."
"Good thing," I replied cheerfully, "because I love squeezing them too."
We both giggled, and I leaned around her head and kissed her on the cheek.
"What were you watching?" I inquired.
"A pregnant nudist." she replied honestly. "She looked so hot, walking around nude. I just got so turned on by her swollen, pregnant belly. Is that wrong?"
"No, Sweetheart." I reassured her. "A woman with child is the epitome of sexuality. At least to me. If she's pregnant, then she loves sex and is able to have children. It's only natural to be turned on by that. I know I sure am. If you're turned on by other women as well, I'm okay with that."
Vicki smiled.
"Thank you. I like the way nude women look. I could imagine myself having sex with another woman, and with you too."
"Well," I responded, "we'll have to talk more about that, then."
"What does epitome mean?" Vicki inquired.
"Well, it means the absolute; like the best of the best. It can also mean the best example of something, like Traci Lords was the epitome of a porn star."
Vicki smiled again.
"Thank you. Understand now. I love learning new words. Thank you for taking the time to teach me. It means a lot to me, that you care enough to teach me new things."
"I do care." I said quietly. "I'm sorry your parents didn't take the time."
Vicki shrugged.
"Fuck them. They didn't care. But you do. I love you so much."
"I love you too." I replied.
I became aware of a pattering sound from above us, and I became excited.
"Hear that?" I asked her. "It's starting to rain! Let's go outside!"
I began peeling my clothes off before she even responded. The sound of the rain increased, and I took her hand.
"Come on!" I urged. "Let's go outside and run around nude in the rain. Let's fuck in the rain, Vicki!"
I opened the back door, and we stepped outside into the deluge. It was August, and the rain was actually warm. We darted across the patio and into the grass. We were instantly soaked, and we ran around the yard hand in hand, enjoying the sensation of a "real" shower. We splashed into a lower section of the yard that had already started to flood, and found ourselves ankle-deep in cool rainwater.
"On your hands and knees!" I called out over the sound of the torrential downpour. "I want to fuck you doggy style in the water!"
Vicki dropped down on all fours, and I mounted her from behind, sliding my cock into her young cunt. I fucked her earnestly, as the rain continued pouring down on us. It was like being in a giant, golden shower.
"This is so fun!" Vicki hollered, as I continued pounding her like a little bitch in heat. "Fuck me Jack!"
I reached under her chest and began squeezing her tits with both hands; kneading them in my fingers like modeling clay. The closer I came to cumming, the harder I squeezed them and Vicki was loving it.
"Squeeze my titties Jack!" she bellowed. "Oh Darling, I'm going to cum!"
"Me too!" I grunted. "Holy shit, this feels so fucking good!"
Vicki's cunt contracted around my dick as she came, gripping it like a vice. Unable to slide, her cunt literally jerked me off and I sprayed my load deep inside her cunt.
"Oh fuck, I felt that!" Vicki hollered. "Oh shit, what the fuck?!"
Her entire body went rigid for several seconds, then she suddenly went limp; my cock pulling out of her as she crumpled to the wet ground. I immediately became concerned, and rolled her over onto her back.
"Baby, are you okay?" I asked frantically.
Vicki smiled and nodded, as the warm rain continued to pour all over us.
"Yes, my love." she replied. "I felt the biggest tickle inside my belly that I've ever felt. I think I released an egg. Maybe I'll get pregnant."
"That would be wonderful!" I exclaimed. "I would love to see you knocked up. You would be so beautiful!"
"Like that lady on the computer." Vicki marveled. "She was gorgeous."
The rain began to let up as the front passed through, and I helped Vicki to her feet. The temperature had dropped about ten degrees, and since we had both climaxed, we were feeling the change even more.
In the event you have never had an orgasm in extreme conditions, you can run around naked in the snow without feeling it until you cum. The instant your orgasm finishes, all tolerance vanishes and you suddenly find yourself at the mercy of the conditions your body was ignoring.
"G-getting c-c-cold!" Vicki said through chattering teeth.
I too, was beginning to shiver, as we made our way back to the patio. The fun was over, and now we had to deal with the aftermath. As soon as I opened the back door, a wave of ice cold air conditioning hit us. By the time we got to the bathroom and I turned the shower on, we were both shivering uncontrollably.
"S-s-s-sooo cold!" Vicki murmured, as we stepped into the hot shower.
I pulled the curtain back and embraced her tightly, as the warm water cascaded around us; slowly warming us back up. I couldn't believe how cold one could get in August, simply by walking around nude in a rainstorm. After several minutes, we pulled apart and let the water warm our kidneys.
"I enjoyed that." I whispered in Vicki's ear. "I've jerked off in the rain before, but I've never had sex in the rain. It was totally awesome."
"It was." she agreed. "I want to do it again too. Maybe we could fuck in the mud? I watched a video about that online. It looked fun."
"I'll bet." I said, as a smile twitched at my face. "Seems like you've discovered the true meaning of the Internet."
"It's really all about sex then, isn't it?" Vicki asked pointedly. "Was the Internet really created just for porn?"
"Some people say so," I answered with a smile, "but the general consensus is porn and cat videos."
"I like cat videos!" Vicki exclaimed. "They're funny."
Once again, her innocence had changed the topic through no fault of her own.
"Me too." I replied, as I pulled her close to me and let the water cascade around the both of us.
I turned the shower off and we toweled dry; both of us admiring the other.
"Thank you for asking me to come live with you." Vicki said softly, as she began brushing her wet hair. "It's so nice to have a man in my life. I never knew what I was missing. I still love to masturbate, but sex is awesome too!"
"They both have their perks." I agreed. "But you are right, sometimes it's wonderful to share it with someone else."
"Sharing means caring." Vicki asserted. "Barney says so."
"So I've heard." I replied. "It's nice to have you with me; not just for the sex, but because I like doing things with you and spending time with you.
"When I was your age, I did a lot of traveling out West. I got to see a lot of really great places, but I was always by myself. I'd see couples or families visiting those places and it always made me kind of sad that I didn't have anyone with me."
"Why didn't you?" she inquired.
"I was shy then." I answered. It was long before I became a model and an actor, or before I got into politics."
Vicki's eyes widened.
"I didn't know you were any of those things." she responded. "You were an actor? What were you in?"
"A few things." I acknowledged. "I have a few dozen credits on the IMDb. I used to play a cop on TV too. I was a star for a few seasons."
"What happened?" Vicki asked curiously.
"The show went off the air and then I had some personal issues to take care of. It's been ten years or more now since I've done anything that actually got finished."
"Is that why you're single?" she queried bluntly.
"Partially. But either way, it's behind me now, and now I have you in my life. That's the important thing."
I reached out and beeped her nose affectionately.
"I love you!" she blurted out. "I love you so much. I just want to be with you."
"I love you too." I replied. "So I want to do fun things with you."
"Like what?"
"Well for starters, why don't we go to the national park tomorrow and go for a hike. We can bring along a picnic lunch and ... you'll like this ... there are no federal laws regarding public nudity, so once we get back onto the trails and out of sight of any public right of way, our state laws allow us go nude; just like on private land. Would you like that?"
Vicki's eyes grew wide and she nodded vigorously.
"Oh yes, Jack! Oh, I'd like that so much!"
"Good. Maybe if we have enough privacy, we can fuck in the forest too."
"Oh, I want to fuck in the forest!" Vicki exclaimed. "I want to go hiking without my clothes on, and then I want to fuck! Oh Jack, I love you so much!"
I smiled gently.
"I love you too." I replied.
The following morning found us at a nearby national military park. It covered a few thousand acres in size, so I felt confident we would have the trails all to ourselves if we started out early. Additionally, if we ventured off the trails - as long as we didn't get lost - we would be free to do almost anything we wanted, provided we didn't get caught.
I had packed a large knapsack with a thin beach blanket, several bottles of water and a picnic lunch that my little doll had made right after I suggested we do this. There was also extra room for our shorts, once we took them off. We arrived at the visitor's center just as a park ranger was unlocking the gate to the parking area.
"Looks we timed it just right." I observed, as we pulled in and parked.
We exited the car, as the ranger was returning to head up the sidewalk to the building that housed the museum and gift shop. She glanced at us and smiled. Vicki was topless as usual, and that seemed to pique the interest of the docent.
"Good morning." she greeted us as she stopped. "You're into top-freedom, I see."
Vicki nodded vigorously.
"Oh yes!" she exclaimed. "I love being topless, especially in public. I love being clothes-free too. Jack said-"
"That this would be a beautiful place for us to take a hike." I interrupted, before she could spill the beans on my plans for the day.
I saw a smile tugging at the corners of the ranger's mouth.
"You know you have to be out of sight of the road?" she inquired, knowing full well what we were about to do.
I nodded in reply.
"What do you have in the backpack?" she asked curiously.
"Water, lunch and a blanket to have our lunch on." I replied.
"I see." the ranger responded. "If you take that trail there, with the blue blaze on it for about a mile or so, you'll see another path to the left that's been roped off with a 'no admittance' sign on it. Take that path for a thousand feet or so, and you'll find a nice, private spot for your, 'picnic.'"
"Thank you." I said with a smile. "I'm glad you understand."
"I love to go there myself." she explained. "I'm the park superintendent, so I get to dictate what goes on here. I'm Cheryl, by the way."
"I'm Jack." I responded. "This is my girlfriend, Vicki."
"Well enjoy yourselves, and I'm quite sure you will." Cheryl answered. "Drop by the visitor's center on the way back too, if you want. I have a proposition for you, Vicki."
"What is it?" Vicki queried curiously.
"You'll have to come back and see me to find out." Cheryl replied mysteriously, as she turned and headed up the pathway. "Enjoy your walk."
I shrugged at Vicki and shouldered the pack. Per Cheryl's suggestion, we took the Blue Trail. Once we were well out of sight of the parking area and visitor's center, I stopped and removed the pack. Vicki and I both slipped our shorts off, leaving us devoid of clothes except for our socks and sneakers. I stuffed our shorts, along with the car keys, safely into the knapsack and zipped it shut.
"We're nude!" Vicki burst out. "Yippee!"
She began running around, darting in and out of the forest, then back to me. She looked around and took in the fact that we were outside, and then grinned. She reached down and began playing with herself, licking her lips and flaring her nostrils.
"Don't waste it here." I cautioned. "Let's experience the sensuality of walking around nude first. We'll follow the trail to the path Cheryl told us about and take it from there, okay?"
Vicki nodded and smiled, as she removed her hand from her cute little cunt.
"Yes, you're right." she replied obediently. "I do so want to cum right here, right now; but we can always come back another time to do that. Today, I want to make love to you in the forest. I want my orgasm to be from sex. I want to feel you cum inside of me so I can cum with you."
I shouldered the pack once again, and smiled at my loyal girlfriend.
"Sounds good to me." I responded. "Let's see where this leads us, shall we?"
"Yes!" Vicki burst out, as she reached out and grabbed my dick firmly in her right hand. "Come on!"
She turned and continued up the trail, pulling me along by my cock like it was some sort of leash or something. I started to protest, but soon realized that as long as I didn't hold back too much and create a lot of pressure, I wasn't in any danger of shooting off, although I certainly wanted her to do this to me again to see if that would happen. She eventually let go and we continued on our way, but I was definitely turned on by the whole situation.
After thirty minutes or so, we found the roped off pathway on the left and stopped.
"There it is." I commented. "Seems kind of weird to go around that sign, but she told us it was okay."
"Yes she did!" Vicki asserted.
She turned slightly and looked at me intently.
"This is so wonderful! I love walking around without any clothes on. I wish I could do this all the time! I wish I could just be nude and not have to wear any clothes at all. Why is it illegal to take your clothes off in public, or just not have to wear them at all?"
"Because the people who founded this country were a bunch of prudes." I explained. "That's why one of the dirtiest magazines out there was called Puritan. I suspect that as they got older and lost the ability to enjoy themselves, they condemned everyone else to suffer the same way."
"It's wrong!" Vicki pouted, as we continued walking along the pathway. "It feels good to be nude. It's wrong to force people to wear clothes!"
We continued our nude hike for a few more minutes, before the woods suddenly opened and we found ourselves overlooking the sprawling valley below. We weren't too high; maybe a few hundred feet or so, but the view was nice, nonetheless.
"And this is where we spread our blanket!" I declared, dropping the knapsack to the ground and rotating my shoulders.
"And our legs." Vicki added. "I wanna fuck. We can eat later on. Right now, I just wanna fuck right here in the woods. I want to climb on top of you and ride your cock until you cum in my cunt."
She pulled her sneakers and socks off, and dropped them on the blanket as I spread it out. Once again, she began rubbing her clit and massaging her labia with her fingers.
"I'm sooo wet." she whispered, as I removed my own foot wear. "I want your hot cock in my warm, wet cunt."
"Lay on your back." I instructed. "I want to actually fuck you before we get into a position where I'll just cum in a minute or so."
Vicki nodded and reclined on her elbows, spreading her legs and revealing her gorgeous vagina. I moved in and pushed my dick into her slippery cunt without any resistance at all. She was wet, alright! I began to fuck her with a nice gentle rhythm, and to my surprise, it wasn't long before I began to feel stimulation in my prostate. I was going to cum!
"Vicki!" I whispered. "It feels so good!"
Vicki lay all the way back, before reaching up and caressing my head in her hands.
"Go ahead and cum." she said soothingly as she looked into my eyes. "Cum in my cunt, Jack."
I stared at her firm, perky tits as my orgasm crested. I sighed gently, as spurt after spurt of my semen filled her young, tight cunt.
"It feels so good." I repeated. "It feels so good! Oh Vicki, I love you so much!"
I pulled my softening penis from her vagina and rolled onto my side, still facing her as my cum dribbled out of her cunt and ran onto the checkered blanket.
"I love you too." she replied quietly.
Suddenly, the same wave of emotion that had flooded over me when she asked me to be her boyfriend, returned.
"Vicki," I asked softly, "will you marry me?"