Many thanks to Volunteer Editor the_thinker97
*****
Maggie was bored. No, not bored, but horny and feeling very much alone. It was early to be back in her hotel room especially on a Saturday night but hey ho, you can't have it all your own way she shrugged to herself.
She had been out with her colleagues earlier. They were on business in São Paulo, a great city that she had visited many times before. The women she was with were ok to talk to, nice ladies but not really on Maggie's wavelength. She liked coming away for an adventure but it was starting to look like that wasn't going to happen tonight.
After eating a bit too much meat and drinking a couple too many Ciproshkas, Maggie had been ready to carry on partying. She didn't feel like partying alone but the other girls were tired and just wanted to go back to the hotel. So here she was, on her own.
She walked over to the hotel room window. It was a great hotel right in the middle of the business district. Other hotels and office blocks surrounded her hotel. The window was floor to ceiling and the curtains were still open from when she was there earlier in day. Maggie moved to close them when something caught her eye. Just across the street and one floor up was another illuminated hotel room. It didn't appear that anyone was in there though. She stayed watching for a moment but no, nobody there.
Maggie decided if she couldn't have fun out and about then she might just have to make her own fun. She turned away from the window and started to undress. She was wearing a silky black dress with a slit halfway up her thigh. It had no zipper so she reached her arms up and pulled it over her head. It caught on her breasts and they bounced as she freed the dress. Still standing with her back to the window, she was now wearing just a black thong with a black Victoria Secret bra. It had lace edges and didn't really cover enough of her breasts to be considered decent.
Maggie was proud of her breasts. She considered them one (or two) of her best assets. Large but firm, she felt them, relieved they were free of the tight dress. She was now standing in her underwear and heels. The thought that she could be seen was starting to excite her.
There was a small bottle of baby oil on the side table. She'd put some on her legs earlier before she'd gone out. Maggie reached over to grab the bottle. Still with her back to the window she poured some oil over her shoulder so it trickled down her back. It pooled in the crack of her ass just at the top of the thong. She took some more oil and bent forward from the waist as she applied the oil to her legs, rubbing it up and down her thighs, very chastely. As she bent forward to oil her other leg, she looked through her thighs at the room across the street. She thought she saw movement. Was someone there? Watching her?
Spurred on by the possibility of an audience she stood up. She unhooked her bra then turned around to face the un-curtained window. Her bra was just resting on her breasts. The underside of them was exposed, free, visible to anyone looking. She shrugged the bra off and reached for the baby oil again. Leaning back, she upended the bottle and let a large stream of oil spray across the upper part of her chest. With one hand, Maggie pushed her breasts slightly forward to catch the streams of oil as they dripped over her nipples, between her breasts and down across her stomach. She tipped more oil over them, and stepped closer to the window. The oil was running over the front of her thong. She put the bottle down, closed her eyes and gently, oh so gently took her breasts in her hands. They felt amazing, oily, silky, sensitive, sexual, and she was as horny as hell. Fuck! Maggie was horny. She tweaked, squeezed and massaged her breasts, then began to run her fingers down across her stomach. Maggie pulled the elastic of her thong away, allowing the trapped oil to trickle downwards.
Still not looking upwards to the lit hotel room over the street, Maggie pulled the nearby wooden chair over to where she was standing. She kicked her shoes off and sat back on the chair angling her legs so her feet were up resting on the edge of the desk by the window. She was still wearing her thong so she pulled her knees up to her chest, peeled her thong down from her hips, up her thighs towards her knees. She could see herself reflected in the window. Completely exposing her pussy to anyone watching, she swung her lower legs to one side as she peeled the thong off.
Completely naked now she lay back and rested her head on the back of the chair. Continuing to stroke her breasts she relaxed and enjoyed the feelings, knowing what was coming, what she was about to feel. At this point Maggie had completed forgotten where she was and who might be watching. Her hands moved down, right down, gently trailing her fingers on either side of her shaved pussy. She reached for the oil again and upended the bottle over her stomach. Sitting up, she allowed the oil to trickle over her pussy, down her lips, her legs, and to the seat beneath. She slid her hands to her lips and allowed two fingers to slide inside.
Maggie loved the feeling of baby oil, it turned her on like nothing else. Using her other hand she slowly circled her clit, it was so sensitive her body responded quickly to her touch. Maggie was always so quick to come. Too quick really. She moved her fingers in and out of her pussy, using her thumb and her other fingers on her clit. Too soon, too quickly her body responded quickly and Maggie began to shake, buck and she came hard against her fingers.
Still horny and panting more than a little, she stretched back in the chair. Wait. What was that? Up in the window opposite there was clearly a man watching her. Bloody hell. Busted, Maggie thought. Her naturally shy side started to question her actions. What the fuck was she doing? She toyed with reaching over and turning the light off. But no, why should she? Still horny, Maggie looked up at the man; looked him right in the eye. He was standing watching her. Just standing there wearing tight white pants. He was clearly turned on. Displaying an extremely promising erection, he was just watching her.
Maggie's legs were still resting on the desk. She pulled them off the desk and very slowly and quite deliberately moved her legs so they were resting over the arms of the chair, wide apart, splaying her pussy which was still glistening from the baby oil and her earlier orgasm. Her lips parted, pink and pouting. Maggie's head went back as her hands went down from her breasts, down to her pussy. Her fingers inside her again bringing herself to another shuddering orgasm.
As she came down from her orgasmic high, Maggie looked up at the man in the window. He was smiling broadly at her. Pointing to her and back to himself as he slowly stroked his magnificent cock. Maggie smiled, blew him a kiss and leaned over to turn the light off.
The next day Maggie slept in late. She woke up after a fantastic night's sleep dreaming of the sexy stranger opposite. She toyed with the idea of 'toying' with herself again. Reaching down under the covers but she changed her mind. Christ, she could stay in bed all day but the day was half over already.
It was sunny so she pulled on her bikini and went down to the pool area. The sun was blindingly bright as she sat on her sun lounger. Glancing around to see if any of her colleagues were also out, her eyes alighted on a half-naked man lying a little way away. Oh my God! Was it? Really? Yes! It was him...the guy from the window!!