Act One: The Blindfold.
My right temple itches.
Considering the totality of the situation in which I have found myself, that seems like a minor thing, but being unable to fix it for the last half hour is driving me nuts.
It itches because there is a tag on the bandana tied around my eyes. I should have cut that off first. Lesson learned I guess.
A second bandana is tied around my mouth, resting between my teeth, gradually soaking up saliva. My jaw is getting a little fatigued from this. If I focus on that, maybe I won't notice the itchy tag as much?
Of course, I could focus on the fact that I am otherwise entirely naked, lying face up on a bed in a hotel who knows where, spread eagle, with leather cuffs securing my hands and feet to chains attached to the four corners of the bed frame. That seems like it should be my biggest concern.
Before you get too worried for me, I should clarify this was my choice. My husband was skeptical at first, nervous about putting me in danger, letting other people see me and use me. But this will be our fourth hotel adventure, and I know this time he's just as excited as I am.
...
Let me tell you a little more about us. My real name is a secret, but on these adventures I go by Velma. I am a 38-year-old woman. I am white, 5'3 and very curvy. I wear a D-cup bra and US size 20 jeans. I carry most of my weight in my hips and nice round ass, although my belly isn't exactly flat either. I have chin-length brown hair with a hint of red, which has yet to show any gray despite my being almost 40. My hair and the fact that I wear glasses are how I got my nickname. My husband is 40, and his code name is Shaggy. He is moderately tan, 5'7, leaner but starting to get a little soft around the middle with age. He has nearly black hair with some sprinkling of gray, especially around the temples. He keeps his hair long and doesn't shave much, so his nickname is fitting too. We have been married for 15 years, have three kids under 10 and are both well-respected professionals. He is a university professor and I am the director of nursing at a local clinic. We live in a fairly small midwestern city. We are both bisexual, although we weren't open about this with each other until the last couple of years.
I have always had a kinky side, but I keep it well hidden in most settings. Before we were together I read and wrote erotica online, had plenty of kinky cyber-sex encounters and watched BSDM porn. But I was also raised really religious, and felt plenty of shame and guilt about these things. Outside of my online fun I barely even kissed anyone before my husband, and waited until our wedding night to lose my virginity.
Shaggy had two other girlfriends before me, both serious but ultimately wrong for him. He was never into casual sex. His taste in porn is vanilla compared to mine. A few years ago, when I finally opened up to him about my various fantasies and ditched religion, most of the shame and guilt went away. That did wonders for our sex life. Even still, he has never been entirely comfortable dominating me in the ways I really want. Maybe it's because he's also a feminist? Or maybe he has a submissive side he hasn't shown me yet? I'm not sure. But about a year and a half ago I made a joke about him letting someone else dominate me instead, and that is ultimately what led us here.
The first time it was just the two of us, but he did a video call with a dom who gave us instructions. We worked on some different bondage positions, orgasm control, balancing pain and pleasure, and after-care. We also learned how to find people in the lifestyle and what to look for (and avoid) in possible hookups.
The second and third times I helped make some of the arrangements, communicated with some possible dates on message boards and via email, and booked the hotels. He made the final decisions on who to invite and video chatted with them ahead of time. We've learned that more mystery means more exciting, for me.
On our second adventure we met up with another married couple. I was excited, but also nervous out of my mind, never having had sex with anyone but my husband. I ended up backing out of some of what we originally planned. We watched him tie her up and play 'try not to cum,' and give her a good caning when she did. She and I ended up giving each other some really good oral while our husbands watched, and then Shaggy fucked me hard while the other couple also went at it in the bed right next to us. But that dom didn't touch me at all.
The third time, we met two dominant men with their submissive female partners. We talked about just watching them again, but I was feeling a lot braver. I got a very thorough introduction to rope bondage that day. They tied me in almost all of the same positions as their own subs, and again there was a good amount of oral, fingering and vibrator work between the other women and me. I even agreed to suck the other two men's cocks for a few minutes each, but only Shaggy got to fuck my pussy. He wanted my ass too, but I ended up saying no. So far that is something we've only done in private.
This time he planned everything. I don't even know what state we're in, but we were in the car long enough that it could be one of several.
Our adventure started when we dropped the kids off with my mom yesterday at lunchtime. All she knows is that we've been re-kindling our romantic lives, and she loves spoiling her grandchildren for a couple days here and there, so it works out well. We got a rental car and left her our minivan.
"This adventure is all about you giving up your need to control things," Shaggy told me once we had driven ten minutes or so. He pulled into an abandoned strip mall parking lot.
I was wearing a blue and white floral sundress and blue cardigan, with nothing underneath to get the excitement started. "Take off your clothes." He ordered.
"Now?"
He took the bandana out of his pocket then. "Do you trust me?"
"Of course."
"Then get in the backseat and strip. I will get you from here to the hotel room without being seen."
The back windows were tinted, but still I hesitated. "What if we stop for the bathroom?"
"Just trust me."
I do, of course. You can't stay married as long as we have without trust.
I crawled to the backseat. He handed me the blindfold. "Make it snug. Also, no touching yourself. You have to earn that sort of thing on this trip."
"Yes sir," I agreed with a smile. I love it when he gets authoritative.
He turned on some music and drove. When my most recent cup of coffee caught up with me and I told him I needed to stop, he pulled off at an exit and made a few more turns. I heard the tires transition from asphalt to gravel before he parked and switched off the engine.
"Where are we?"
"Nowhere. Literally." He was silent for a few moments and then said "Seems like your blindfold is good." I don't know how he tested it, but it was.
I undid my seatbelt. My door opened and he gave me his hand.
"Keep your back up against the car, squat down here and pee."
"You're sure no one can see?"
"There's no one for miles, I promise."
When I finished he handed me some baby wipes to clean myself and a bag to toss them into.
We stopped once more before reaching our destination. That time he said, "There is a gas station and a restaurant here, but when you get out on your side of the car you're facing nothing but trees." After I peed he went in to get us some dinner, which I ate in the car, still blindfolded.
When we finally arrived he checked into the hotel by himself. Then he came back to the car and said, "I parked by the side door. Our room is the first one on the left. There is no one out here, I promise."
I held his elbow and walked completely nude from our car to our room. It was quick, as promised, but still, I had no way to verify he was telling the truth.
He led me to the bathroom to once again pee and brush my teeth, then to the bed. I expected him to want to fuck me then. Instead, he cuffed my hands in front of me and then attached the cuffs to a chain that was secured to the bed frame. "Just to help keep you from doing anything naughty while I'm sleeping," he explained.
"Aren't you turned on? Having your wife naked all day, totally at your mercy?" Of course, my motivation for asking this was entirely selfish, I was horny as fuck and wanted him to give me some relief.
"I never said I wasn't going to do anything naughty," he answered.
He kept the blankets from me while he jacked himself off.
After, once I thought he was asleep, I was still wide awake and even hornier. I tried squeezing my legs together a few times to get at least a little stimulation.
"Don't make me tie your legs apart too," he threatened sleepily.
Fine, I thought, I'll wait.
I didn't think I would be able to sleep at all. The possibilities for the day to come were too exciting. I knew we would have guests again, of course, that was the main point of us traveling all the way out here. How many? So far we've had dominant men and submissive women. Would we have a dominant woman for a change? Of course I was also tired from the long trip, so I eventually fell asleep. I know my imagination bled into my dreams, although I couldn't remember the details I woke with the sense that they were wonderfully erotic.
"Are you going to give me even one hint about what you have planned today?" I asked him the next morning. He had ordered breakfast, DoorDash, I think. I was still naked with my hands cuffed to the bed, and he had taken all the covers away. I have no idea if the delivery person could see the bed from the door or not.
"I will give you two," he teased as he released my hands so I could eat. First, just remember that some people really like to watch. Second, after you eat you'll want to use this." He pressed a plastic bottle into my hand. I felt it up and down and my heart sped up a little. It isn't hard for an RN to recognize the shape of an enema bottle.
I gave him two firm rules for this adventure. One, he needs to verify negative STD testing from within the last 7 days on anyone he invites. Second, no one does anything to me that I won't let him do. My absolute no's are choking and fisting. I don't enjoy when he cums in my mouth either, although recently I've allowed him to shoot it on my face and lips a few times, and I am trying to learn to like the taste. I suppose I should be expecting anal, since it is something I really do enjoy when we're alone. And I told him this time if he wants to let another man fuck me, I think I'm ready. I wonder just how far he intends to take that?
Or, when he said some people like to watch, I suppose that could mean guests watching him take my ass. Last time I said no to that because, even after everything else I let them do to me, it felt like too much exposure. If I am being truly honest, it is embarrassing to me just how much I enjoy anal.
After breakfast, he walked me to the bathroom and then finally removed the blindfold just long enough for me to take care of the toilet stuff and bathe. I shaved my legs, armpits and most of my dark brown pubic hair, leaving just a neatly trimmed patch above the apex of my labia. He replaced the blindfold before letting me leave the bathroom.
That tag must have been folded inside when I blindfolded myself, since I didn't notice it at all on the way here.
He had already stripped the bed of everything but the bottom sheet, and then he secured me into my current position.
...
Now I wait. The air conditioner kicks in, sending a cool breeze over my naked breasts and belly, still slightly damp from the bath. I have instant goosebumps and feel my nipples harden painfully.
I wonder how long he plans to leave me like this? I forgot to ask. What if I have to pee? If they come in and I am in a puddle of urine, is that going to turn them off? Or would they find it appealing? Some people like to watch...could someone be watching me now? Would they want to see me piss all over the place? I didn't think there was anyone else in the room before, but he was very insistent I keep the blindfold on everywhere but the bathroom. I realize that I know nothing about my surroundings. Is there another bed? Are we in a multi-room suite? A warm tingle gathers in my lower belly at this idea. I imagine a man standing on the other side of a door, open just enough for him to peek through, stroking his cock, eyeing my completely helpless form. He's eager for his chance to get it inside me. Maybe he's got someone sucking his cock for him and imagining their mouth is my hot, wet cunt.
God I am so fucking horny. I wonder if it is possible to cum from thought alone, with no physical stimulation at all. With my imagination, it just might be.
Act Two: Hotel Guests
After maybe 45 minutes I hear the door open and there are some hushed voices. I don't know how many and can't make out anything they are saying, an instant later there are hands all over me. They are fondling a breast, stroking my thigh, circling a finger around my navel, and teasing my bottom lip with a thumb. Two people? Three? I'm not sure.
"Ooh you are gorgeous," one woman says. Her voice has a touch of an accent I can't identify.
"Look at these amazing tits." Another woman's voice. She jiggles my right breast up and down a few times.
"Can't wait to flip her over and get a look at that sexy fat ass," a deeper male voice says.
This is new for me, as a very plus-sized woman, being called gorgeous and sexy by people besides my husband. They all had seen pictures of my body before today, and they all found me attractive enough to be here at least. One thing I've learned through these experiences is that many people in the kink community care more about the experience than the physique.
Someone has their face between my legs, not touching but they blow a stream of air right against my exposed clit. "God she is dripping wet already too, I can see it." A moderate tenor voice, unclear if male or female.
"Can we take that thing out of her mouth? I think she needs a thick black cock in there." Another voice. Male. A chill runs up my spine. Just how many people are here?
"Slow down, Brent. Shaggy said just to tease her for now." A woman's voice. The second one again? Or someone new?
And Shaggy....said??? Does that mean...he's not here???
I feel panic rising in my chest. He's not supposed to leave me alone with them!!! I'm completely vulnerable! "No!" I try to call out "Wait!" But through the gag, all that comes out is "Oh....ath!" I shake my head back and forth trying to dislodge the fabric to free my mouth. I twist my hands in the wrist restraints, hoping to free them, but the straps remain firmly secured.
I hear a soft chuckle. One solitary finger slides up the opening of my completely vulnerable cunt. "Damn, you were right Shags that really got those juices flowing."
I recognize my husband's laughter then. Wait...was that a prank? My heart is still pounding. I feel my eyes water underneath the blindfold. I draw a ragged breath in and try to release it slowly. I am still safe, I tell myself, He won't let them hurt me.
As if reading my mind he lowers his head close to my ear. "Gotcha there for a minute, didn't we Velma."
I nod my head a little more frantically than I mean to.
"You are still safe. Remember, all you need to do is snap your fingers. Once means slow down, twice means stop. You are going to absolutely love what these guests have planned for you."
How many? I desperately want to ask. But I remain firmly gagged, so I just nod my head again.
Around me, I hear some light conversation. Someone pops open a bottle of something. Someone else puts on some music. Someone sits on the bed next to me and opens a plastic bag. "Can I give her one?" she asks.
"Sure, just half. She has no real tolerance for that," my husband answers.
The gag comes down from my mouth for just a second and in pops a small fruit snack. They must be planning for a slow burn, since the edibles won't hit for an hour or so. "I'm Emerald, by the way," she tells me.
"Hey Shaggy, you're a gamer, right? Have you played the latest Mario? I brought my switch, should I hook it up?" one of the men asks.
"Yeah, let's do it! We've got lots of time," my husband responds.
Ok now this is just getting mean, I'm supposed to lay here bound and naked while this totally chill hotel party happens all around me?
The woman who gave me the edible stays perched on the bed next to me. She draws her fingernail lazily from my neck, between my breasts, across my belly, past my right hip, and down the inside of my leg, then back up the other leg. Her fingertips dance across my freshly shaved pubic mound, up and down my arms, and brush against my lips above and below the gag, teasing so very lightly.
All this with the sounds of video games and casual chatter around me. Shaggy and the other gamer get loud enough to block out most of the other conversations, but I hear snippets about the recent NBA finals, the weather and the latest political drama.
After a few minutes I feel something dripping over my breasts, belly and legs. Emerald switches to a firmer touch and begins to massage. She digs her thumbs into the bottom of my feet and I moan. She works her way up my body, using strong, gliding strokes to loosen any tension she finds. She adds more massage oil regularly. Her hands slide underneath me as best they can to massage my calves and hamstrings. When she gets to my thighs she works even slower, getting achingly close to the most sensitive spots with each stroke but always reversing course at the last second. It is intoxicating. I want to rip this gag out and beg her to please touch my cunt, run those hands over my clit, massage my g spot, oh god I want her to make me cum so bad.
Of course I can't do anything more than moan and whimper through the gag. She abandons my legs and runs her hand in circles around my belly instead for a while. Then she starts in on my breasts, gliding her hand up and down, putting pressure on either side of my nipples with her fingers. I can feel myself getting wetter by the second.
She takes her time moving from my breasts to my arms. She slides her hands underneath me again to massage my neck and shoulders. I lose my sense of time, but the edible seems to be kicking in, so I bet at least an hour has gone by.
The good news is I am not thinking about the itchy bandana tag anymore.
"Feeling nice and relaxed?" She asks me after she has thoroughly oiled and massaged everything she can reach in my current position. I nod. "Good, that will make the next part much easier."
Emerald undoes the chain holding my right ankle in place. She moves the cuff to be just above my right knee instead, and then attaches the chain to the right upper corner of the bed frame. She repeats this with the left. Now my knees are bent and open to the side. My cunt truly could not be any more exposed than it is now, and my ass hole is also easily accessible. I feel a jolt of pleasure as she slips an egg-shaped device into my very, very wet pussy.
"Catch!" She says, and tosses something to another guest. I realize it must be a remote control for the egg vibrator, which is now activated.
"Don't overdo it, Jay," another woman says, the one with the accent. Southern maybe? But faint, like she hasn't lived there in a while. "She hasn't earned any orgasms yet."
"Understood, Mistress." This time it is the voice that I can't identify as male or female. The name Jay isn't helpful either, could be a nickname for anyone.
"They're pretty good at judging how much someone can take," Emerald assures me. "They might hold back, or not. We'll have to see." OK so Jay is non-binary, that makes sense.
Now she has a lubed finger teasing the outside of my asshole. She puts a little pressure against the opening and slips it in gently. The vibrating in my cunt stops. I'm sure Shaggy told them how wild I am for ass-play. If she fingers it much I will be cumming in seconds, especially if the egg turns back on. But instead she withdraws her finger, and in its place I feel a hard, cold butt plug. Glass, I suspect.
"She'll be replacing that with a bigger one every ten minutes," the woman Jay had called Mistress tells me. "We have five more sizes after this one. If you cum before the hour is up, you will get a punishment."
Another hour? Haven't I been tortured enough?
Whatever dose they gave me of that edible was just enough to relax me and take away any inhibitions I might have had about letting strangers play with my asshole. But it wasn't so much that I can't keep control. Maybe I can do this.
"One last thing. The rest of us need to have some private conversations with your husband, so..." Emerald slips some headphones over my ears. There is a soft white noise. They must be noise canceling because I cannot hear anything else at all.
Every few minutes the egg in my cunt vibrates again, sometimes just got a few seconds, sometimes longer. Someone sitting on the bed to my left is intermittently pinching my nipples. I don't think that is Emerald, she was on the other side. But I have no way of knowing now.
I try to focus on my breathing. Seeing as I have absolutely no idea what kind of punishment they have in mind, I decide I would probably rather avoid it. Although I am imagining all sorts of amazing and terrifying things. Would a firm ass-fucking be considered punishment? They could have all sorts of whips, canes, chains, electric stimulators - of god this so so fucking hot. As promised, the glass butt plug comes out after 10 minutes. Emerald thrusts it in and out a few times before withdrawing it completely. The next one slides in pretty easily, but the size difference is noticeable. I feel the muscles around my cunt pulsate a little with the change in stimulation. The vibrator switches on again for just a second or two at a time now. I am being pulled to the edge oh so slowly. With no sense of sight or sound my other senses are extremely heightened. I feel every footstep when anyone walks near my bed. And I can't be sure if I am hallucinating or not, but it feels like there is a bouncing nearby, maybe a couple of guests going at it on another bed? The third butt plug brings a twinge of pain along with pleasure. I pull at the wrist restraints. I try to arch my back and twist away, not to escape but just to try to get some relief from...anything. I don't know how much longer I can take it. I need to cum, or make it all stop and run away, or get some cocks in me fucking me senseless. I don't care which just please something needs to give.
Now the plug is removed again. For a minute or so no one touches me. The vibrator remains off. The butt plug isn't replaced immediately. Someone slips the gag aside over one corner of my mouth and puts a straw there. I take a few sips - tastes like coconut water. I have been sweating, I know, despite the air conditioning so I am very grateful for this. My head clears just a tiny bit. Then with no warning the fourth anal plug is pushed firmly into my still-tight hole. The egg vibrator switches on again at the same moment and I begin to tremble all over my body. My ass feels so amazingly full. But more than that, it is the feeling of being completely naked and exposed and vulnerable, surrounded by at least 6 complete strangers, that is threatening to push me over the top. They have complete control of me now. The next straw they put in my mouth could be tequila? Poison? Piss and cum? I would have no way of knowing and I would drink it all, just to make them happy so they keep doing these insane things to me. I am teetering on the edge of orgasm when the vibrating stops.
Now I am nervous for a new reason. Sometimes when I masturbate, if I edge too much, I will get to where I can't finish at all. That would be the worst kind of torture, I think, if this goes on all day and I can't get any relief, even when they try to give it to me.
I don't have to worry about this long. With the fifth anal training plug my control breaks. The edible has reached its full effect. Jay turns the egg on high for just a few seconds and I fracture. My whole body shakes. Someone is yelping in loud but muddled moans - wait that's me. I squirt a huge stream of juice from my cunt. I feel the egg vibrator pop out in a wave of my cum. My legs buck wildly. I have zero control now, and I shoot pussy juice in two more big spurts before it starts to settle. A little time passes, but I am still trembling and moaning in little aftershocks when someone removes the headphones from my head.
"Forty-two minutes!" a male voice congratulates me. "Respectable, but Jenna your record still stands!"
As best as I can tell Jenna is the final person here. That makes Emerald, Jay, Mistress, Brent, video game guy and Jenna, six guests total. Including Shaggy, seven people just watched me have quite possibly the most insane orgasm of my life.
"What's her punishment for cumming early Shaggy?" Mistress asks.
"One second, viewers are still voting."
Wait.
What?
Viewers!?!
Shaggy and I have posted edited videos of our other hotel adventures on some amateur porn sites before, but is he live-streaming this?!? My pulse races. It wasn't seven people watching me cum with a thick glass plug in my ass. Was it dozens? Hundreds? Thousands? Was he streaming yesterday too during my naked car ride? While I pissed on the side of some road?
"Ok," Shaggy announces, "The winning punishment is a good old-fashioned spanking. Keith, will you do the honors? Also, there are quite a few write-in requests to make her eat some pussy at the same time. I didn't include that as a punishment option, since I figured she'd be doing it anyway, but what do you think Mistress?"
"I like the idea of both," Mistress decides. But we should give her a little break first.
I'm getting a pretty good idea of the hierarchy here. Mistress seems to be in charge, even though Emerald has been my main tormentor so far. Jay would seem to be her direct sub, the way they talked to her. Shaggy is directing the scene like a film producer. Video game guy must be Keith - unless I miscounted. He and Brent haven't done much yet so I can't decide if they are just as dominant as Mistress or not, but if Keith is going to be doing the spanking I will put him in the dom category. If Jenna has undergone similar treatment in order to set the aforementioned record, I would imagine she is a sub. Of course, none of this matters. I am submitting to all of them, completely.
Someone twists and wiggles the butt plug and then eases it out with a pop. The cuffs come off my knees and wrists and someone helps me sit up on the edge of the bed. I am less sore than I would have expected having been restrained like that for - two hours maybe? I can thank the THC and massage for that, I suppose.
Mistress says "I am going to remove the gag, but you do not have permission to speak. Not a single word. Nod if you agree."
I do, and the gag is untied completely.
"You need some protein. We're nowhere near done with you, I don't want you getting faint or anything. Drink."
Another straw reaches my lips. It's some sort of chocolate-flavored drink. I relax for a couple of minutes and down it all.
Act 3: Things Escalate. A lot.
After I finish the drink, someone slips a leather collar around my neck. A cold, metal chain falls between my breasts, attached to the collar like a leash. My arms are pulled behind me, bent at the elbows with my wrists meeting in the middle of my lower back and then restrained with leather cuffs.
"Take her to get freshened up," mistress instructs someone. The noise-canceling headphones are settled back over my ears. I have no idea who holds the leash as I am guided to my feet. I am unsteady after being bound for so long and without my hands to balance me. Good thing there are people on all sides of me keeping me from running into things. They lead me to the toilet and help me sit. Someone places a hand on my mouth firmly and pulls me back so I am reclining against the toilet tank. I suppose this is to help enforce Mistress's no-talking rule since I'm not gagged anymore. Someone else pushes my knees apart. Anyone standing above me is going to have a great view. Am I on camera still? I imagine so, plenty of people have urine fetishes. I hope we're at least making money off this.
I am not sure I can do this. I gather they expect me to pee now, with who knows how many people watching. Leaned back like I am, is it even going to go into the toilet? When nothing happens after half a minute or more, something warm splashes against my belly and drips down between my legs. The warm water works, and soon I feel myself relax and release a stream of urine.
Except it isn't warm water. Someone is pissing on me. It stings a little where I shaved this morning. Plus the angle, the pressure behind it - I suppose I can't prove it, blindfolded and unable to hear, but I am certain of it. As if anticipating my objection, the hand over my mouth clamps down tighter. The hands between my knees push firmly. I could stop it if I snapped my fingers, but they are pinched between my back and the toilet tank, and it's too late anyway. A completely unknown number of people are watching me pee, live, as I am also used as a human urinal. The same people who just watched me cum uncontrollably.
I am held firm even after I finish emptying my own bladder. A few moments later another stream of someone else's piss hits my crotch. Then a third man (I assume man because this requires aim) unloads his a little higher, bathing my tits in urine. Now a fourth, aiming at my pubic mound, vulva and thighs.
I thought I had a good idea of who was in the room. If Jay has a cock, even still one of those had to be Shaggy. He has never, ever even so much as talked about pissing on me. Should I be expecting even more dominance from him in the future?
Or are there way more people here than I realize?
Someone has a warm washcloth and is wiping the piss away now, restoring just the tiniest bit of my dignity. My breasts, belly, sides, thighs and pussy all get a good wash. My ass was soaked from in the puddle of my own juices earlier. Someone pulls me to my feet and they scrub that away too. The hand over my mouth releases and someone pulls my chin downward to part my lips. They have a toothbrush and give my mouth a good cleaning too. They tip a glass of water into my mouth and then lean me over what I hope is the sink. I spit and my face is toweled clean. Someone runs a brush through my hair as best as they can without removing the headphones. A fresh handkerchief is tied around my mouth.
I am guided out of the bathroom and back to the bed. They bend me over the end of it now. My legs are pulled apart, about twice as wide as my shoulders. A spreader bar is placed between my ankles, and more cuffs are added to secure my legs to the bed frame. The leash around my neck is also secured somewhere across the bed, or maybe someone is just holding it. My arms remain cuffed behind my back. Once again I am bound and helpless, unable to wiggle more than an inch or so in any direction.
Someone has changed the sheets. I have a momentary mental image of a hotel employee being called in and getting a nice big cash tip so he'll ignore everything he sees. Or maybe they invited him to stay and watch the show. Then it occurs to me, I have been assuming we're at a hotel this whole time, but I haven't seen anything but the inside of the bathroom. It looked like any other hotel bathroom, but I wasn't paying super close attention to the details. We could be anywhere. Now I am imagining the whole thing as a setup, with the bed on a stage. The bathroom could be part of someone's dressing room? Maybe when he said viewers, could that be an actual live audience? Maybe that's what the noise-canceling headphones are for, so I can't hear the crowd? Or we could be in someone's private sex dungeon. What about a professional porn studio? My tormentors sure seem to know what they're doing, could it be they do this to innocent appearing women all the time?
My imagination is a big part of what makes this fun, of course. I can't decide if I actually want to know all the truth when we're through or if I'd rather keep imagining.
I expect the spanking to start right away, but as my mind wanders I realize that no one is touching me. Anticipating starts to collect in my core. What are they doing? Sitting around eating lunch, enjoying the view of my ass? Jacking and rubbing themselves off? Fucking each other? Playing more video games? Maybe Shaggy is polling the viewers again, asking them how long they should make me wait, how many spankings I should get, and what comes next?
Eventually, I feel a hand on my backside, not spanking yet but massaging again. I think it is Emerald, but she has a different massage oil this time. It smells sweet and spicy and has a warming effect, like maybe it is made with clove and cinnamon. She massages the places she couldn't reach before - my lower back, ass cheeks and backs of my upper thighs - then starts sliding her hand up and down my ass crack. The hole is already feeling pretty sensitive from the stretching it got earlier, and when she rubs her oily fingers over it there is a wild new heat. Two of her fingers now slip inside with little resistance. The heat subsides as she gently fingers the opening, and now all I feel is intense pleasure. She adds another finger and glides them around, stretching and relaxing the muscles, aging more oil and making me very, very wet once again.
Her fingers withdraw and a familiar feeling cold, hard object takes their place. I remember with a jolt, I only made it through five of the six ass stretching plugs I was promised. Sure enough, as she slides it in I can tell it is definitely bigger than the last. There is just enough pain to excite every nerve in my body. But I am relaxed enough, and I've had enough preparation from the other five plugs so that pain is short-lived. I wonder if they will use the vibrating egg again. Even without it, I can feel myself sliding down the path towards another orgasm. Earlier Mistress said I hadn't earned it yet. Is that still true? I don't know if I can endure another hour of edging, or who knows how many other punishments after this one.
A few more minutes pass. I relax a little, adjusting to the very full feeling in my ass. There is no warning at all before the first blow from Keith's powerful hand lands sharply on my right buttock. Even the noise canceling headphones can't block the incredible smacking noise completely.
A second smack follows immediately after, then a third, all landing in exactly the same place. The fourth hits the left cheek instead. With each blow, I give a garbled-sounding cry around the gag in my mouth. There is a pause for a few seconds, and then two hands come down on both cheeks simultaneously. Then he alternates left to right repeatedly in rapid succession. Now instead of crying out sharply with each blow I just let myself moan continuously. There is a wonderful sting with each blow, and a general ache growing that intensifies when the spanking stops for a moment. I wonder just how red my ass is.
Someone slips the headphones from my ears now, but the punishment doesn't stop. I can hear each amazing SMACK nice and clear. Both hands together again SMACK SMACK SMACK and then it pauses.
"Don't think I've forgotten you're supposed to be eating pussy during this punishment." Shaggy's voice this time. He is getting much more involved in my domination than ever before and it makes my heart race. "Mistress has just been trying to determine who gets the honors. Jenna here worked hard to earn this. Maybe if you're really good I'll let you see just how hard she worked on the video later."
Jenna positions herself in front of me on the bed, and the leash loosens a little so I can pick my head up.
Mistress says, "Now Velma, when you make Jenna cum, your punishment will be over. I'm going to give you a little assistance, otherwise Keith would be happy to keep spanking you until dinner time." Someone reaches down between Jenna's legs and I hear a click as something starts vibrating. The gag is lowered from my mouth. I lower my face to the sweet-smelling cunt in front of me and begin to devour it.
SMACK I am spanked even harder as my tongue finds the other woman's clit and begins to dance over it, flicking it up and down.
SMACK, hard on the other side now. I lower my lips around her clit and give small, gentle sucks, and moan into this woman with each fresh bite of pain.
SMACK both hands again, although a bit softer. My tongue traces her slit up and down. I can feel something vibrating below my mouth, but it is indistinct. I suspect it is a butt plug.
My ass gets a break for a few seconds and I pick up speed on the cunt in front of me. I work her clit as hard as I can with my tongue and lips. I suck on it hard and nibble it with my lips.
SMACK SMACK SMACK, three more quick blows on my left ass cheek. A deep moan starts in the back of Jenna's throat in harmony with my own moans and whimpers of pain.
SMACK SMACK SMACK on the right side this time. I maintain a firm rhythm with my tongue, my whole mouth sealed over her clit.
Jenna's legs start to tremble. Another SMACK on the left, then SMACK on the right. I keep my mouth firmly planted over her clit and try to focus on what I am doing, still releasing little moans with each spank.
Jenna's hips buck, and then I feel a stream of pussy juice hit my tongue as she cums hard. I get one more firm SMACK from Keith, two hands at the same time, and then nothing.
The gag is quickly replaced in my mouth. It soaked up a good amount of Jenna's cum and the taste is amazingly erotic. The headphones pop back into place as well. I rest my face on the bed.
More time passes. Some people climb onto the bed in front of me. I feel plenty of shuffling and bouncing. They ignore me completely. As I suspected, there is a lot more going on at this party than I am privy to. I wonder if one of them is Shaggy. He has my permission to join in as much as he wants, but I still notice a twinge of jealousy.
There are pauses and shuffling, to change positions I suppose, the bouncing intensifies at times and then sometimes slows again. I have no sense of time anymore but eventually, it all stops. I hope this means that some of these guests are finished. Making Jenna cum was exhilarating, but I don't know if I have enough energy left to get everyone here off.
Someone pulls my gag down again and now there is a cock in my face. I open my mouth and take in several inches. It is moderately soft and tastes of cum and pussy. From the shape and size I am almost certain it is my husband I am cleaning off. He wants me to know he just fucked another woman. He grabs my hair and guides my head up and down. I suck it all off him. His cock gets a little hard again, but not completely. Hard he is a respetable 8 inches. Semi-soft I can take the entire length easily. He buries my nose in his pubes, then pulls it out and pushes his balls against my face. I stick out my tongue and lick those clean as well.
I must be on cleanup duty now, because once I am sure I have cleaned every drop of sex off of him he moves out of the way and someone else takes his place. I have a feeling this is the pussy he just fucked. Someone holds me by the hair and motions in a way that I understand my job is to lap up all the juices I find there. She rolls out of the way once I have done that, not waiting for me to pleasure her.
A third person slides into place, I lower my face and for the first time in my life, I taste ass. This one has also been recently fucked. A dribble of cum is leaking from it. I expect to be disgusted, but whoever it is must have recently bathed. I lap up the drips of cum, and then run my tongue up and down the crack. Feeling even braver, I experiment with thrusting my tongue inside the puckered hole. It doesn't make it in far, but whoever is in front of me pushes back towards my face. They seem to enjoy it and linger another minute before moving along.
Next, there is another cock in front of me. I suspect it belongs to whoever fucked that ass. It tastes of cum, and the same clove oil that was used on my backside. It is a similar size to Shaggy's, but with a little kink to one side. It is also just soft enough that I am able to choke down almost the whole thing. They thrust into my mouth a few times, withdraw and then adjust so I can lick the base of the shaft and the balls clean as well.
I am confident there is at least one more penis in the room, and I haven't had a cock in either my pussy or ass yet. I am pretty sure I know what is coming next. Someone gives me another few sips of coconut water before replacing the gag, and once again I find myself waiting. I want to say it is 5 or 10 more minutes before I feel a hand on my lower back. The headphones come off. The room is quiet. Shaggy leans next to me and speaks softly, gently in my ear.
"I am going to let Brent fuck you now, babe. The rest of us are done. He has been holding out for this. I am really glad you haven't seen his cock, Velma. I think you would be scared. He has my permission to absolutely ravage you. First, he is going to pound that sweet cunt of yours. Relax and enjoy it. Cum as many times as you want. Whenever he decides he's had enough pussy he is going to switch and fuck your ass. Oh babe I can't wait to see this. He is going to fill that ass of yours like it has never been filled. You are going to cum over and over again. Just remember I love you, and there is no guilt or shame here. When we get home we are going to watch this video over and over again and it is going to be the hottest fucking thing you have ever seen."
"One more thing, our viewers have been asking to hear you scream, and Brent wants that too. We're going to take the gag out. Scream and moan all you want. You can cry. You can even beg him to stop. But just know the safe signal hasn't changed. He will only stop if I tell him to, and I will only tell him to if I hear you snap your fingers. Don't you dare forget, all your sexy fuck holes still belong to me. He is only doing this because I am letting him. Understood?"
My whole body is trembling. I could tap out now. No one would judge me. But this is exactly the kind of thing I have been fantasizing about. I am determined to see it through. After everything they have done to me, I have zero shame left. That is the beauty of being degraded this way, it removes absolutely every inhibition a person has. I bet that is exactly why people do crazy shit like letting partners piss on them.
I nod my head.
Shaggy kisses my forehead, pulls the gag down and steps away.
Big hands grasp my hips. Someone else lifts my right foot and slides some sort of block underneath, then repeats with the left, raising my rear by several inches. My torso is raised for a second and a pillow slips under my chest and belly. How tall is this guy, I wonder.
A hand slides between my legs. Big fingers probe my cunt, stroking my clit and then reaching inside for the g-spot, I am already drenched, but this adds even more natural lubrication. Then the head of this man's massive cock rubs up and down my slit, getting nice and slippery. Slowly, carefully it pushes its way inside.
The feeling is incredible. He withdraws it a bit and then advances it further. Nice and slow. He takes me in slow, firm strokes. He seems to bottom out after a few thrusts, then backs out and drives it in even deeper. Two, three more slow advances, then he lets loose.
His speed increases and he pounds me like a jackhammer. My body is wrenched forward with each power thrust. "Oooooooohhhhhh" I start to moan involuntarily, "Oooooh god no it is too much. Oooh please, please just, just, just...." I want to beg him to stop but my brain won't even form the words. I can't even conjure up the idea of snapping my fingers. All I can do is lay here and take it as he drives into me over and over and over and over. He has the force and stamina of some kind of fucking machine. My thinking brain leaves my body. Everything stops existing except my cunt and that giant cock and this bed.
Someone is crouching next to me now, reaching between my legs. A vibrating wand clicks on and pushes firmly against my clit.
"Aaaaaaahhhhhh fuuuuuckkkk" I scream as an orgasm hits hard and fast.
"Again!" Brent's voice barks from behind me. "Cum again whore!"
The vibrator holds steady and I obey. I bury my face in the bed and start to scream, high and sharp and animal-like. Brent grabs hold of my hair and pulls, making me keep my face up. "I can't hear you. Cum louder!"
"OH FUCK ME OH GOD OH NO PLEASE I AM CUMMING" I scream. "PLEASE I CAN'T NO MORE NOT AGAIN!"
He drops my hair and grabs my shoulders instead, driving himself into me even faster. Impossibly fast. Again and again and again and again and again and again. I'm sure the whole room is swaying. We're going to break the bed.
"Cum again bitch! Or is it time for me to fuck your ass instead?"
"Oh no please don't I can't take it oh god!" I try to bury my face into the bed but once again but he takes a big fist full of my hair.
My legs shake. My cum is pouring out around his cock and down my thighs. "FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH" I yell as one more orgasm takes over. My vision darkens around the edges. I am barely breathing. He lets go of my hair and my face drops to the bed. I gasp and pant to catch my breath.
He chuckles and slows his pace. "Velma you horny, fat fucking slut." He hits me with a few more long, deep thrusts then slowly withdraws. The vibrator clicks off too.
I am still shaking all over. I am not even 100% conscious for a few seconds. Someone has a damp washcloth and runs it over my forehead. I get a few more sips of coconut water.
A moment later Brent grasps the butt plug in my ass, wiggles it a bit and slowly tugs. It breaks free with a pop.
"Oh man, Velma I wish you could see your ass right now," Shaggy comments. He must be standing close by videoing this. His voice at least reminds me, he is still here, I am still safe.
I feel a big glob of lube hit my ass hole. I snap fully back into the present.
"Please, please Brent, please be gentle. Oh god please," I beg.
"Beg me more, whore," he commands.
"Please I am begging you, go slow!"
"Beg me to fuck your fat ass gently."
"Please, please fuck it gently."
He plunges three fingers inside and I gasp. He works them in and out, side to side, spreading the lube around. His other hand gives my already sore ass cheek a hard slap. "That's not what I said, Bitch!"
"Please, fuck my fat ass gently!" I cry out. "Oooh please fuck it!" His fingers are so thick. I am going to cum again and he hasn't even gotten started.
"Beg me to cum in it!"
"Please cum in it," I beg, "Please Brent, please I am begging you, please be gentle and please, please cum in my fat ass!"
"Ok," he chuckles, "since you asked so nicely."
His fingers slip away. He places one hand on the mattress beside me and I feel the head of his giant cock probe my ass. He advances it very, very slowly. He barely gets the whole tip inside before backing out again. Two, three, four times he teases it this way. Then I feel him step a little closer. He eases it in a little deeper, then rests his other hand on my other side. His lips find their way to my shoulder and he kisses me softly. He plants little kisses between my shoulder blades as he eases in another inch.
I start to moan loudly and try to bury my face in the bed again. He gives my hair another tug.
"Here's the deal," he says in my ear, much too gently for what he is doing. "As long as you keep your head up, I will be so very Nice. And. Gentle." He draws those last three words out for emphasis. "But I want everyone in this hotel to know that you are cumming while having your fat ass fucked by my giant black cock. No hiding from it. If you're not screaming, I'm obviously not fucking it hard enough. Understood?"
"Oohhh god, yes, yes I understand."
"Tell me what you're going to do, slut."
"I'm going to keep my head up."
"And what?"
"And....ohhhh god fuck....and cum loud."
His hand gives my ass another smack. "Not good enough. Tell me exactly what you're going to do."
"I am going to cum, loud enough for the entire hotel to hear, while you fuck my fat ass slow and deep."
"Why? Why are you going to cum louder than you've ever fucking cum before?" He pushes in another inch. I can feel the head of his cock pressing down into my g-spot right through the wall separating my ass from my cunt.
"Oohhh fuck that feels good. Because if I don't you'll fuck me harder."
"No, bitch," he braces his hands on my shoulders and drives it a bit deeper with a sharp jolt. "You're doing this because you are a fucking slut who loves having a thick black cock in your ass."
"Ooooohhhhhh" I am teetering on another orgasm. I really, really don't think I can take any more. "Yessss" I hiss.
"Say it!" He commands. He pulls my hair again, harder, drives his cock deeper. I feel his teeth sink just a little into my shoulder.
"I am doing this because I am a dirty fucking slut who loves having, oh oh god fuck yes, who loves having a thick black cock in my ass!"
"LOUDER!" He barks.
"I AM A DIRTY FUCKING SLUT, BRENT, AND I LOVE HAVING YOUR THICK BLACK COCK IN MY FAT ASS!!!"
Proclaiming this breaks something inside me, my last shreds of shame. I let out a scream. The vibrating wand kicks back on and I scream and moan and whimper even louder.
And Brent hasn't completed even one full thrust yet. He backs out just a little, with so much control that it is hard to believe this is the same person who just ravaged my cunt like fucking was an Olympic sport. Then he eases back in. It is the most intense thing I have ever felt. It is almost too slow, amazing and torturous and I yelp and cry out and moan. My legs are shaking uncontrollably. I think my entire body has morphed into one giant orgasm. It never seems to stop. "Oh please Brent, just a little faster."
He obliges, still unbelievably gentle. The wand is clicked up to a faster vibration too. Impossibly, my orgasm gets even more intense. I lock my knees and push my ass up towards him, driving him even deeper. Then in a quick, determined movement, he pulls nearly all the way out and drives back in, once, twice, and then with the third thrust I feel him stiffen. He shoves his massive cock in to the hilt and lets out a low, guttural groan. His cum fills my belly deep and hot, and it is over.
I feel him sliding out, still agonizingly slow and gentle. My orgasm slows but I am still trembling with aftershocks as the last of his length slips out and the head pops free. The vibrator stops too. I feel Brent drop onto the bed to my right with a heavy sigh. I quiver again and then start to truly shake. I sob and tears soak the blindfold. Reassuring hands find their way to my back and shoulders.
Everyone should have an entourage of personal attendants after rough sex, I decide. Someone sits by my head, stroking my hair. It is Emerald, I realize when she softly starts to speak. "Shhh, it's ok, you did so good." She stays there close while someone else undoes the cuffs from my ankles and wrists. A warm washcloth gently wipes up the cum now leaking out of me. After another minute or two, I crawl up slowly the rest of the way onto the bed. Someone has a pillow ready for me and drapes a sheet over my backside. In a way, it seems ludicrous to care about dignity after what I've just done, but now that it is over there is a small shyness that works its way back in and after a day and a half naked I am grateful to be just a tiny bit covered, finally.
Emerald gives my hair a few more strokes and then moves away, replaced by another warm body lying on my left. Two strong hands are placed on my back, one from either side. I assume it is still Brent on the right. Shaggy curls closer to me on the left and says "Do you want the blindfold off?"
"After everyone leaves," I decide. Let some of the mystery persist.
I remain like that until I doze off.
Act 4: The Aftermath
Two months later, alone in our bedroom, the kids at a sleepover down the street, I decide I am finally ready to watch the video.
I needed to wait this long because that day, Shaggy and those guests truly changed my life. That level of change isn't something you recover from right away. I didn't speak to my husband at all on the drive home the next day, and that night I cried. When we had sex again a week later I cried more.
Don't misunderstand me. I have absolutely no regrets. But for about 75% of my life, I truly believed it was a sin to have sex with anyone but my spouse. I craved these things and simultaneously hated myself for it. I watched girl-on-girl porn and role-played orgies in chat rooms, then asked a friend to be my "accountability partner" and install parental controls on my computer for me (even though I was a completely grown-ass woman). I thought I was the lowest of the low, completely fallen and that if I really believed in Jesus and prayed hard enough he would erase every impure desire from my heart. When it didn't happen, and my desire for wild sexual experiences only grew, I assumed that meant I was just too far gone for redemption.
Now I mourn all those years that I spent torturing myself. I no longer believe in the Christian Heaven or Hell. Hell is thinking you are evil and broken when your mind and body yearn for completely normal things. Heaven is finally leaving that all behind. For me, it also means escaping my body entirely in a blissful haze of pain and pleasure and orgasms, at least every once in a while.
Watching the video I learn that there were actually 8 guests present, including Shaggy a total of 9 live witnesses to my experience. But that is nothing compared to the 4,213 people who watched it live.
And the 75,000+ who have now streamed the shortened pornhub version.
The two guests I never heard speak were a couple who just wanted to see some live BSDM. They spent the day in the other bed and only touched each other, except he was one of the people who peed on me, along with Jay, Brent and Keith. Shaggy wasn't one of them after all, although he has talked about doing it since then. Maybe someday soon.
During some of the times I had been left waiting the camera shifted to this other couple. That woman was a deep-throating expert.
Mistress is another big, beautiful woman like myself. She is a little younger than me, maybe 30. She is black or mixed and shaves her head.
Jenna was a fairly petite blond woman in her late 20s. She made Mistress cum three times to earn her place in front of my mouth during my spanking. The first time she got to eat her ass while holding a vibrator to her clit. Then Mistress made it more of a challenge. After some mouthwash, she used just her mouth on the Mistress's pussy, hands cuffed behind her back. The third time Mistress made her lay on her side watching me. Mistress lay behind her and Jenna got to use only her fingers, handcuffs still in place.
After my spanking, Shaggy had a pretty incredible time of his own. It was Emerald who he hooked up with. She was tan, tall and lean with long black hair and small, perky tits. She sucked his cock first and then rode him until he came in her pussy. "Don't worry, she's got that arm implant," he promises. "She was good, but she wasn't you."
The ass I had tasted belonged to Jay. Keith was the one who fucked them. It turns out Keith is also a manager at that hotel, a small wayside inn. Every room they had was booked that night by our guests. That explains why no cops got called with as loud as I was.
Finally, we reach the end of the video, I watch Brent fuck me and hear my voice for the first time, begging him, confessing what a slut I am. It was all real. Brent is about 40, with dark black skin and hair kept short on top and shaved on the sides. He looks like he could have been in the military or played college football in his prime, and still works out. He is well over 6 feet tall, and his cock has to be 11 inches long, and thick. I'm glad he didn't try to put it down my throat first. It had been Shaggy crouching there next to me holding the vibrator.
While we watch this part, Shaggy fingers my clit gently and I lazily stroke his cock. We wait until it is over to turn up the intensity. It is amazing, passionate lovemaking. He finishes in my ass, because he knows how much I enjoy it. Even this is done with love and respect.
After, we spoon for a while.
"They want us to come back, you know." He tells me.
"You've been talking to them?" I am surprised. We've always said each hookup was one time only.
"Just over email, Mistress reached out to me. I told her I would need to talk to you. She's got a whole club of people, really diverse, body positive, that kind of stuff. That's actually why I picked them, she sent me references from a lot of her subs. She's happy to meet with us again by herself or with however many people we want."
"Yes," I decide. "I would like that."
"Do you want me to plan it all again? Any special requests?"
That's when I remember.
"Just one thing we need to fix for next time," I say.
I find the key to my nightstand, hidden behind the headboard to keep the kids out of our toy collection. I open it up and pull out a handful of handkerchiefs. From a dish on top of the nightstand, I retrieve a set of manicure scissors.
One by one, I cut all the tags off.