Being a Park Ranger has a lot of advantages. I get to work outdoors, see nature, and work a variety of positions to keep it interesting. I have managed to integrate my crossdressing into my daily work attire in subtle amounts.
Typically I'm able to sneak a little bit longer fingernail style with a glossy clear nail polish. My boss noticed them one day when we were completing some computer work. He advised me that it was no concern to him but I should keep my feminine side under the radar.
A few months ago I adjusted my work shorts. I tailored them in to tighten them at the bottom. I also took off several inches of length to show off my thighs better. It wasn't even noticed as my male shorts transformed into tight short female shorts.
My long brown hair is normally in a standard low ponytail tucked under my ranger baseball cap. On occasion I like to put it in a high ponytail and run it thru the gap above the adjustable straps. It's not too daring, but does add a little bounce to my hair as I step.
I have an extensive collection of oversized and slouching socks to wear with my hiking boots. Testing the boundaries I have worn every color but pink. I do own a pair of pink knee highs and they are on my to do list. I love how the socks settle on top of my boots and draw attention to my always shaved smooth legs.
There is nothing like the feel of a slick coating of lipstick or gloss gliding across your lips. However, the divine feeling of a fresh pair of expensive pantyhose sliding up your legs as you ease into them is definitely a close contender. I usually wear lots of cherry Chapstick with a clear glossy that has a small hint of sparkle on the job.
Last week I snuck into my work attire a pair of nude pantyhose that were very sheer. I had butterflies in my stomach while I checked in for the day at headquarters. Thankfully the briefing was short and I was able to hit the trails for maintenance rather quickly.
I cannot tell you how much I love wearing pantyhose, tights, and bodystockings. The shimmery fabric turns my nice set of legs into a great set. The way the material tickles as a breeze glides over and the electricity pantyhose create as I walk makes me light headed.
A few days ago I was feeling quite feminine and daring as I dressed for work. With diamond stud earrings in, I worked my hair into a high ponytail leaving a few strands to dangle in front of my ears. I passed on the cherry Chapstick and applied a light pink lipstick instead. My plan was to add clear gloss later after I got to my electric golf cart.
My recent purchases included a few pairs of very shiny pantyhose in various colors. After thumbing through my ten new pairs I selected the most skin tone tan pair I had. The stimulating sensation I had as I slid them up my legs and bare ass cheeks was intense, almost orgasm causing. After sliding my girly work shorts on I glanced in to my floor length mirror. It took my breath away how shiny and oil slick my legs were.
With a pair of bright white slouching socks on I laced up my tan Timberland boots to finish the outfit. A final head to toe examination in the mirror concluded that this was the most daring, most girly and most real me ready for work.
Roll call and daily notes seemed to take forever as I squirmed in my shiny pantyhose. I may have gone too far this time as I felt the gaze of several co workers checking out my legs. The bright overhead lights intensified the oil like sheen my pantyhose radiated. maybe I should have skipped the pink lipstick or the diamond stud earrings.
Finally we were given our assignments and dismissed. Thankfully I had trail maintenance, which is my favorite. It gives me the opportunity to stretch my nylon covered legs as I prance through the cool woods on our various trails.
After parking my golf cart at a trail head I took a moment and reapplied my pink lipstick. Then gave my painted lips some much needed shine with a heavy layer of clear gloss.
Delighted in how I felt and looked I stepped one foot across the other on to the trail. I practiced bending over at the waist as I cleared the trail. I worked on my strut as I walked the trails and crossing my legs as I took breaks on the benches along the way.
Time flew as I enjoyed watching the sun and shade dance across my nylon clad legs. Realizing how late it was I worked my way back to my golf cart. When I approached the end of the trail I could see my supervisor waiting by my ride.
As the woods cleared I noticed all my co workers were there, creating a half circle around me as I stopped a few feet in front of the cart. My boss informed me that my adjustments to my uniform and the continued addition of girly and sexy accessories were noticed by himself and the other guys on a daily basis. He mentioned that a few of the guys were finding it difficult to concentrate on what he was saying as they concentrated on my feminine looks.
He finally asked if I just liked dressing up as a women or wanted to be treated like a women. As he asked that question my fellow employees stepped in closer, closing the circle around me. With an ear to ear grin I told the crew I would love to be treated as a women. Given the opportunity I would dial up my sexy attire and looks a thousand percent for them.
As soon as I said that they all stepped even closer to me including the boss. When asked if I ever sucked a cock I simple knelt down onto the cool grass and looked up at them.
The supervisor told our rookie to go close the gate to this part of the park and stand guard until he's called. In a flash he was gone and confirmed the section was closed over the radio. As if that was the sound if a starter pistol the guys all worked their cocks out of their shorts.
In a trance I took inventory of the fleet of dicks completely blockading me. Figuring rank has it's privileges, the boss moved in with his fat semi hard dick inches from my painted lips. I licked my lips then sank my mouth down his shaft all the way to his unbuckled shorts. Looking up at him I stayed there twirling my tongue as he swoll to his full potential.
I concentrated on sucking, slurping, and deep throating his dick as the sound of dicks being stroked filled the air. It didn't take long before I had a dick in each hand as I bobbed up and down the supervisors spit covered cock. Within a few more deep descends into my throat he deposited his load of cum to the back of my mouth. Proudly I displayed his seed as I looked up to him before swallowing it.
Satisfied he sat in my golf cart and pulled out his phone as a co worker quickly took his place. As I started my new task I felt someone push me over from the kneeling position to on all fours. Obviously I had to surrender the two cocks in my hands but was soon to be rewarded as my tight shorts were slid down my nylon coated thighs.
I felt a hand grab my ponytail and use it as a handle to push me deeper and harder onto his cock. At the same time I heard the sharp sound of a knife being opened then a hole was sliced into my brand new very shiny pantyhose right at the crack of my ass.
I heard every guy in the circle spit on to and in to my waiting hole as one of them spread my nylon clad ass cheeks apart. Then I was gifted the pleasure of a long dick slowly sank deep into me. Now the guys enjoyed pushing me back and forth with each dick getting buried deeper as they rammed each end of me.
It's really exciting to feel both cocks twitching and pulsing as they explode simultaneously. With a dick filling my mouth for a second time, the dick in my ass flooded my bowels with slick creamy cum. I myself started to leak pre cum from the tip of my dick into the sheer nylon material making it even more slippery.
The last three guys wanted things to go to the next level. One laid on the ground with his massive eight inch rod pointing to the darking sky. As told, I lowered myself down onto him until my nylon trapped balls came to rest against him. Slowly I raised up and slammed down the length of this massive tool. With this home wrecker of a cock buried deep past my prostate I felt another cock pushing it's way past my sphincter.
I never had two dicks up my ass at one time and had to stop, the third guy took this as his opportunity and slapped my face with his rock hard cock. I gladly took his man meat into my mouth as I considerate on it while the two cocks now completely inside me started scissoring against the stretched walls of my colon.
After one of the dicks discharged, flooding my ass and the second dick with warm cum the other kept pounding away. Within a few pumps it to cranked the cum hose on full throttle as cum pushed past my prostate.
With my recently vacated hole wide open it leaked a steady stream of semen. The guy in front of me withdrew from my mouth and sprayed cum all over my face and glossy lips.
The guys all started getting dressed as the boss gave the rookie the order to come back. When he returned he looked over my cum covered face as I leaned against the front of the golf cart. He whispered into my ear that he would be gentle as he easily slid his young cock into my dripping wet hole.
With both hands bracing the side pillars of the windshield I received my final Ranger cock of the night. He was divine as he used slow, long and deep thrusts in and out of me. Several times he completely came out then railed back in. Between his skillful plowing and my pre cum soaked nylons rubbing against the hood of the golf cart I crashed with a massive orgasm.
With my cum flowing into the expensive pantyhose I could barely stand as I went limp around my intruders manhood. His hard dick was literally the only thing holding me up against the golf cart as he pummeled me for another five minutes or so. His orgasm was devastating as he crammed shot after shot of wonderful cum past my prostate. It caused me to shake uncontrollably as more semen free flowed from me and down my inner thighs.
Sliding down the hood and coming to rest on my knees I heard my boss tell the others he got some great footage of the festivities. He informed the crew that he will forward the video to them later. Then he looked to me and said that I can consider this my invitation to wear whatever I wanted to work from now on.
Sitting there with the taste of cum in my mouth, drying cum on my face, and cum still puddling into my torn pantyhose I thought about his comment. With a smile across my face I started plotting how to convert my girly work shorts into a short skirt. I guess I'm going to see how those pink thigh high socks will look with my work outfit after all.