Sunday morning I woke up and wandered down to Tristan's room. It had become a part of my morning ritual to wake him up with a blowjob and now I did it automatically. I don't know how I got to this point where I was waking up and sucking my little brother's dick with barely any hesitation, but here I was. I didn't even get grossed out by it anymore.
When I reached his bed I found it empty. Tristan was already up. I was off the hook. It was weird that I felt a pang of disappointment. Had he actually conditioned me to like sucking his cock? I mean, it was huge, long, thick, and symmetrical. As cocks went, his was pretty perfect.
I didn't hear a sound from anywhere in the house as I made my way downstairs wearing just my panties and crop top. Maybe Tristan had gone out. I was home alone. Mom and Dad would be home this afternoon so I needed to clean the place up but after that, I could slob out on the couch and watch some trash TV.
"Morning, Sis," Tristan said, as I stepped into the kitchen. He was sitting at the table eating a bowl of cereal while he scrolled through his phone.
"It was so quiet, I thought you'd gone out," I said.
Tristan shook his head and his tousled dark hair bobbed on his head. He was wearing his bathrobe and it had fallen open to reveal the light hairs on his chest. "No, I just woke up before you and decided you'd earned a lay-in," he said with a cheeky wink.
I blushed as I remembered last night with him and Chris. "I stopped by your room but you weren't there," I said quickly. If he thought I'd tried to avoid waking him then he'd punish me and I did not want to be subjected to that humiliation. He'd finally started being a bit nicer to me.
"That's okay, you can do your duties now," he said. He pulled his bathrobe open and spread his legs. All I could see from the far end of the kitchen was the top of his abs, but I could imagine his cock hanging limply under the table. "Crawl on under," he said, nodding toward the table.
I sighed with resignation as I sunk to my knees. Already a part of me was hungry for my brother's dick, but I couldn't let him see that. He had to believe I didn't want this or his behavior would only get worse. I lifted the tablecloth and crawled underneath.
Tristan's limp cock dangled between his legs, resting on the seat of his chair with his big, heavy balls. I licked my lips eagerly and crawled over to him. I reached out and took his limp dick in my hand. It was warm. I squeezed it and it slowly began to inflate in my hand like a balloon being pumped full of air. I massaged it gently, watching with fascination as it grew bigger and bigger until I could no longer close my fingers around it. I would never get over how big it was. I wanted to see that swollen bulge of the head pop out of his smooth shaft. I tentatively raised my head and stuck my tongue out, licking the underside of his dick from stem to stern throbbing head and swirling it around the tip.
He moaned gratefully as I licked hungrily from his balls up to the tip, swirling my tongue all over his budding erection. I opened my mouth wide and engulfed his cock head, sliding my lips down over his erection until the tip of my tongue was tickling the small slit in his engorged member. I felt his hand in my hair, gripping my scalp tightly as he pushed my head forward and my lips slid down his length. I could feel his hips moving slightly back and forth and his heavy balls dragging over the chair as he thrust slowly into my eager mouth.
"Yeah, right there," he moaned softly. "Suck it... Suck your little brother's cock."
I sucked him faster, trying to take more of his tool into my mouth. I wasn't getting a lot of success, but I didn't care.
We both jumped when we heard the front door open.
"Kids, we're home. Are you up?" Mom called as she and Dad entered the house. They weren't supposed to be back until this afternoon.
Tristan's fist gripped my hair and stopped me from crawling out from under the table. "Stay where you are he hissed."
"Tristan, let me out!" I protested. There was still time for me to get out from under the table before we got caught like this.
"Do as your told or I'll blab about the car," he said. He closed his bathrobe above the waist but left it open below. A knot of dread formed within me. There was no way he was going to take a risk like this. No way.
I stayed on my knees, almost trembling in fear, as I heard our parents approach the kitchen.
"Oh, you are here. You didn't answer," Mom said. Her bag thudded as she dropped it on the table above me.
"My mouth was full," Tristan replied. His hard cock was still pointing at me aggressively.
"That doesn't usually stop you. Where's your sister?" I heard Mom walk around the kitchen and start making coffee.
"She's still in bed I think," Tristan lied. "You're back earlier than I thought you would be."
"Yes, turned out checkout was earlier than we thought and I didn't fancy a late checkout charge," said Dad. He dragged a chair out and sat down at the far end of the table.
I stared at the bottom of his legs that were visible under the tablecloth. I'd never liked Mom's ugly old tablecloths, but now I was glad it was there to act as a shield. I was thankful it was so long too. If it had been a normal-sized cloth I would probably have already been caught.
"Fair enough. How was it?" asked Tristan. He took hold of my head and gently pulled me toward his cock again.
I pulled back, shaking my head. I was not going to suck him off whilst our parents sat around us drinking coffee and chatting to him about their weekend. He slapped my cheek just once. Not hard enough to hurt, but hard enough to remind me who was calling the shots.
I slid my lips back over his tip and took him into my mouth. I moved slowly, my body trembling with the terror of getting caught. Salty pre-cum tickled my tastebuds as I began to bob up and down on his cock. I could hear the clatter of cups on the table as Mom joined them at the table with the freshly made coffees. I tried to block out the sound of their conversation. I tried to forget that our parents were in the room as I sucked my little brother's dick. At least last time Tristan we'd done this they'd been asleep.
Tristan reached under the table and lifted his dick, exposing his big round balls to me. He grabbed hold of my hair again and pushed my head hard against his crotch until his heavy balls were resting on my open mouth. I breathed through my nose and tried to do what he wanted as he squished my face against his balls. I licked them and sucked them into my mouth, gently massaging them with my lips.
I could hear him talking to our parents, still chatting about their weekend. I couldn't listen though. All my attention was focused on licking and sucking Tristan's balls. A few moments later he pushed my head back onto his cock and started thrusting into my mouth slowly so he wouldn't be noticed by our parents. I did my best to take his dick all the way into my mouth, but struggled because of its thick girth. It pushed against the back of my throat as it invaded my mouth and slid down my throat.
"Are you okay, Tristan? You look awfully flustered?" Mom said.
"Yeah, Mom. Just feeling a bit under the weather this morning," Tristan replied, his voice strained as I bobbed on his cock faster.
"We should get these bags unpacked," Dad said. I heard his chair scraping on the floor as he stood up. 'Why you felt the need to pack so many bags for a 2-night stay is beyond me."
"You can never be too prepared," Mom said, as she too stood up. "Tristan, honey, if you're feeling unwell you should go back to bed and rest."
"Yeah, I might do Mom," he replied.
I listened to their footsteps as they left the room and then the creaking of the stairs. Tristan stood up, pulling his cock from my mouth with a wet plop.
"You did a good job, Erin. You like sucking my cock, don't you?" he asked.
I looked up at him, still on my knees under the table. I slowly nodded, ashamed to admit such a thing.
"Come out from there," he said, beckoning for me to stand up.
I crawled out from under the table and stood up. Tristan wasted no time. His big hands went straight for my breasts, massaging them through my top. Then his fingers gripped the fabric and ripped my top right down the middle. My big tits spilled out for him to see.
"Tristan!" I protested, but it was pointless. He tore my top right off me and flung it across the kitchen, out of reach. Not that it was any use now anyway. "How the hell am I supposed to explain this?"
I was standing in the kitchen in just my panties with both parents upstairs. If one of them came down and saw me like this there was no excuse I could make that appease them.
"Not my problem, big sis," he said, grinning mischievously. I couldn't deny the thrill that surged through me at the risk he was forcing me to take. The idea of getting caught was exciting.
He cupped my breasts with his hands, his fingers squeezing me tightly. I bit my lip and held in the yelp, as he teased my nipples. Tristan pushed two massive handfuls of tit flesh together in his hands, molding them into one big tit. Then he leaned forward and buried his face in my flesh.
I gasped silently as he began to suck on my breasts. His tongue slid over the soft flesh, flicking over my nipples. The effect sent shivers through me. I closed my eyes as my little brother's tongue ran over my naked flesh, writhing against my sensitive skin. Teasing me with little soft bites to the fleshy mounds, he sucked on my nipples. Adeptly drawing one into his mouth whilst massaging the other with his hand and tongue. I moaned as he slid one of his hands down my stomach and under my panties.
Tristan found my clit and teased it with his fingertip, my panties doing little to hide his actions. He pulled them aside and slipped a finger into my sopping-wet pussy.
"Mhmm...getting nice and wet for your little brother, you naughty little slut." His dirty words sent another hot thrill racing through me.
He pinched my clit as his fingers pumped into my cunt. My juices were running down my thighs with the pleasure he was giving me. I thrust my hips forward, grinding myself against his hand. His finger expertly found my G-spot and pressed against it hard. His mouth hungrily attacked my breasts as his finger ravaged my pussy like a man possessed. My world began to spin as I surrendered to the waves of delight he sent over me.
Tristan stopped suddenly and pulled away. Horniness ruled his gaze. He spun me around without a word and bent me over the table, pulling my panties down around my ankles.
"Tristan no!" I hissed, aware that our parents could come back downstairs at any moment.
"Shut up, slut. You're my fucktoy and you'll take my cock whether you like it or not," he replied arrogantly.
That's what made the whole thing so fucking hot. Admitting defeat, I remained bent over the table and I heard him spit on his hand before sliding his cock into me.
I rose to my tiptoes as his fingers gripped my hips and he slid into me without any further warning. Tristan slid out almost all the way before ramming his thick cock back into me roughly. I let out a soft moan at the sudden intrusion and he slapped my arse hard. I let out a yelp, more from surprise than pain. His hand alternated between smacking my arse and working his fingers over my clit as he fucked me.
Tristan stood up straight and grabbed a handful of my hair. He pulled my head back slightly and his lips were on mine before I could say anything. He tugged hard on my hair while he slipped his tongue into my mouth. Our tongues danced together, matching the rhythm of our hips.
My pussy burned, consumed by the savage fucking Tristan was giving me. He wasn't going easy on me, thrusting hard into my still tender pussy with reckless abandon. I gripped his hips, holding in a moan of pleasure. I had to be quiet or we'd be caught.
I grabbed his ass and pulled him closer, refusing to let go as I gripped him passionately. The sensations mixed into an overpowering wave that threatened to overtake me. Tristan's cock slamming into my wet pussy felt incredible. His fingers flicking against my clit was mesmerizing by itself, but combined with his cock it sent wave after wave of pleasure washing over me. Suddenly my legs trembled and my toes curled as the first orgasm of the day crashed over me.
I came hard, soaking Tristan's cock with my juices as I moaned into his mouth.
His mouth fell away from mine as he let out a grunt of delight. His cock tightened and he began to shoot his load. My pussy squeezed at him, tightening further around his cock as he flooded my pussy with his cum. Each hot blast sent another shudder of pleasure through me.
I slowly came down from my orgasmic high as he slid out of me and pulled his bathrobe closed, tying the knot. I grabbed my panties and pulled them up, his cum was already leaking down my leg.
"Go and grab me something to wear," I said, reminding him that he had destroyed my top and I had nothing but panties on.
Tristan smiled and shook his head. "I don't think so. This is all part of the fun. Good luck getting back to your room without getting caught," he said. Then he strode out of the kitchen and headed upstairs leaving me almost totally naked.
Oh fuck, I thought. I went into the laundry room, hoping to find any item of clothing to cover myself with, but there was nothing. Mom had cleared the room before she'd gone away. Shit. I had no choice but to sneak back to my room with nothing but a thong on.
I hurried up the stairs, shaking with fear and perverse arousal that I tried to ignore. When I reached the landing I heard my parents chatting away in their room and I could see that their door was wide open. There was no way I was going to get past without being seen.
I took a careful step and the floor creaked beneath me, betraying my movement. Nobody said anything. I took another step. Then another. My confidence and hope grew as did my dread with each step that carried me closer to my parents' door.
The door was near now and my only option was to run past as fast as I could. I took a deep breath and bolted. I crossed the doorway in a flash and my heart dropped when I saw Dad sitting on his bed facing the door. If he saw me he didn't say anything. Maybe he'd been looking at his phone and had seen only a flicker of movement.
I made it back to my room and shut the door fast. Leaning against it, I sunk to the ground, my heart hammering in my chest. Tristan was an asshole for making me do that, and yet I'd felt more excitement than ever before. I held my breath and waited to hear my dad's voice but it never came. I'd gotten away with it.
I let out a small relieved laugh when my phone buzzed. It was a text from Tristan.
[Good job, Sis. We'll have to play more games like that. Do you fancy coming swimming this afternoon?]
Oh, he really was a dick, I thought to myself as I closed my eyes and laughed. Then I lifted my phone and typed a reply.
[Yes]
***************************************************************************************************************
Thanks for reading, I hope you're living the story. Let me know what you thought in the comments and what you think Tristan should do when they go swimming. And don't forget to follow me!