I sat back in the booth, note in hand. The pretty little blonde exhibitionist dropped it on my table before she hurried out of the restaurant. I found her by accident early in the day, and had already seen her pussy twice. Not bad for an unplanned, long weekend getaway.
The scribbling read, "Want more? Tomorrow morning, after 8. Don't be shy, but don't touch!"
I could hardly contain my excitement, and thought to myself, "This is too juicy to pass up. I didn't make plans, so why not stay another night?"
It was to be a weekend of spontaneity. Well, how much more spontaneous could it get? I certainly hadn't planned on watching a nude sunbather masturbate, and put on a garden hose show. Not to mention that upskirt flashing in the diner was not on the itinerary! There is no way I could have planned a trip like this in my wildest fantasies, and I wondered what I had done so right, that deserved such a tantalizing reward.
In the motel room, my thoughts kept me awake for most of the night. I tried to imagine what she would do; what kind of display she might have cooked up for me. I was restless, and had vague images of her in my dreams as I drifted in and out.
The next morning, I decided on fast food for breakfast. Coffee and a sausage biscuit hit the spot on that early Sunday. It would be another hot one, but at 7:30 A.M. it was still pleasant. No clouds, just shallow patches of fog over the fields, as the sun began its ascent in the Eastern Tennessee sky.
I thought I might try and find the road to my dream girls' house, but considered how much time I would be wasting if I couldn't find it. From what I could tell the previous day, the house was well off the road, as I didn't remember seeing any pavement at all from my vantage point. So I found myself going straight to the same trailhead, and retraced my steps down the hill. As I approached the secluded clearing nestled between the mountain ridges, I glanced at my watch to see that I'd timed it perfectly; 8:00 on the button.
There was, however, a pickup truck in the gravel driveway that hadn't been there the day before. I stayed back, a little further into the woods, to conceal my presence until I was confident that she was alone. I hoped that she would come outside, watching for me, to let me know it was alright to come out of hiding.
Nervously, I crouched down, close to the forest floor, letting my mind run wild with a million thoughts at once, "Was this a good idea? It's dangerous to be here! What if I get caught? What if it's a trap? What if she decides I'm a creep? What will she expect of me?" It felt like an eternity, and I nearly chickened out.
Suddenly, the side door opened. There was a brief flutter of movement through the screen door, and then the man of the house came into view. He rushed through the screen door, down the porch stairs, and made quick work of getting to his truck. Tires kicked up dust as he pulled away from the house, and headed down the drive. Another glance at my watch: 8:03. Well, she did say, "After 8." My caution had paid off.
The dust started to settle, and I slowly stood. Believing it should be safe, I made my way though the last of the vegetation, and kept an eye out down the drive as I walked cautiously toward the house. Nearing the porch, I noticed the door had been left open, and I could see through the screen. Stepping up on the porch landing, I paused at the screen door, and could clearly see across the living room, and into the kitchen. I nervously raised my hand to knock, but paused as I saw movement in the living room.
She stepped into view, on her way to the kitchen; that cute, petite blonde, with her hair pulled back in a short pony tail. She wore a large white t-shirt, with the loose collar hanging off her right shoulder. Her nipples poked against the thin fabric, as her breasts swayed freely under the shirt, and the bottom hem reached just a few inches below her pussy. Her alluring thighs flexed with each step of her bare feet. My heart raced, and my cock twitched in my shorts as I took in the sight.
She noticed me standing there, and I heard a startled gasp as she stopped. She had a surprised expression, but it quickly gave way to a relaxed smile.
As she began slowly stepping in my direction, she said with a kind of mock sexiness, "Well hello, stranger, I didn't really think you would show up, but I'm happy you did." I kind of froze, and just stared as she approached the transparent barrier between us. "I'm Jenn. What's your name?"
Her voice was soft and feminine, with only a hint of the typically heavy Southern accent that most residence of the region had. Pleasant as it was, her voice sent something of a shock through me, waking me from my dreamlike state. My eyes had been glued to her face since she turned my way. Suddenly, I found myself glancing down her body, from bare right shoulder, to the first few inches of bare thigh below the bottom of the t-shirt.
Realizing what I was doing, I replied nervously, "I, I'm Todd. I'm so glad to finally meet you," and made eye contact with her. Looking back on it now, I don't know why I thought it was rude to look over her body; she had already openly displayed herself to me twice.
"You wait right there while I bring us something to drink," she instructed with a friendly smile, slowly turning toward the kitchen. Walking away, she asked, "Water, or iced tea?" The flare of her hips, and her sweet, heart shaped ass moved beautifully from side to side, swishing the bottom of the oversized shirt.
"Tea sounds great," was my reply, loud enough for her to hear me as she entered the kitchen.
Jenn stepped out of sight in the kitchen for a brief moment, and reappeared with a large pitcher in hand. She set it on the counter, and reached for the high cabinet door above the sink. As her arms raised above her head, the hem of her t-shirt ascended, and the bottom of her ass cheeks came into view. I felt another jolt of excited energy, and as she reached into the cabinet, the shirt rose even higher; high enough to see the entire left side of her wonderful rear end, and all of her left hip. No panties! My cock began to swell at the revelation.
She retrieved two plastic cups, and her shirt again covered her bottom. After pouring our cups of tea, and briefly disappearing from sight once more, Jenn carried our drinks to the door. I smiled, and opened the door for her, as she stepped out onto the porch. Standing closer to me, I could see that her hair was still wet, and damp spots speckled her shirt. She was fresh out of the shower, and I breathed deep, and inhaled the sweet smelling combination of shampoo, and lotion.
Handing me a cup, Jenn said, "Sweet tea, I hope you like it that way."
As I stood there there, it struck me just how comfortable Jenn seemed to be. She was confident, and casual, speaking to me in nothing but a t-shirt, as if it were a normal part of her day. Her grace had a calming affect on me, and my own nervousness started to settle.
As she descended two steps, and bent to sit on the porch, Jenn's shirt pulled up again, exposing the very bottom of her cheeks. Much of her hips were exposed, and after she settled in, I could see that the front was very close to exposing her pussy. She leaned forward, resting her forearms on her knees, holding her cup of iced tea out in front of her. Leaning forward made the shirt drape open, and pull away from her shoulder. As I stood over her, it exposed the inner swell of her left breast, and her right breast all the way to the nipple, puckered just slightly in the cool morning air.
It was a great vantage point, but as much as I enjoyed the view, I couldn't just keep standing over her. I stepped down, and joined Jenn, sitting next to her on the porch. I sipped my drink, and looked out in all directions, in admiration of the peaceful setting. The property was surrounded by the forests of the Great Smokey Mountains, a view just as breathtaking as the one down the front of Jenn's shirt, albeit in a much different way.
"The tea is good, thank you," I said, in a much more relaxed tone. We seemed to be in a contented state of understanding, enjoying the stillness of the morning, and as the last of the fog dissipated, I broke the silence. "I live in the city. I love it down here. The hills have a way of dropping the blood pressure a few points," I told her. "If I lived around here, I don't think I could ever take for granted how beautiful it is."
"Awww, I knew it! I was right about you," Jenn said in a cheerful voice. With a smile she said, "Something told me you were a good guy; a little naughty, but still a good guy."
I grinned, and blushed a little bit, asking, "So what about me made you think I was a good guy?"
"Well, it was just a good feeling," Jenn said, "When you almost popped out of the woods yesterday, I had my eyes open, just a slit, enough to see what was happening, because I heard you coming down the hill. I was about to go inside before anybody could see me topless. But then you were closer than I thought, and I saw you stop. The look on your face; it was priceless." She giggled for a second, and continued, "You were all surprised, and looked scared. It was all I could do not to laugh. Then my little devil horns popped out and I thought I might have a little fun with it. Okay, maybe more than a little. Guess I got carried away."
I laughed out loud, "Well hell yea I was scared, I didn't know what I just walked in to!"
Another giggle, and Jenn said, "Then at the diner, I was so surprised to see you! I wasn't sure at first, but your eyes gave you away, and I knew it was you. I watched your mannerisms, and you were really polite. You have a kind face; a trustworthy look about you."
More blushing, but I was silent, not knowing how to respond to such an unexpected, and flattering compliment.
"And besides," Jen said, "you're kinda cute, but don't let it go to your head," and playfully stuck her tongue out at me.
She paused, and seemed more tentative as she spoke again. "You know, I've never done anything this bold before. I like to show off a little, but never have gone too far. My husband likes for me to dress sexy, and he gets turned on when I show a little extra skin in public. Of course this is a small town, so I have to be careful not to get labeled a slut by the older folks, the women, and the church goers. I go to church to, but my husband had to work overtime this weekend, so we're skipping today. Imagine how shocked the preacher would be if he knew I always sit in his Sunday morning service with no panties on!" She and I both laughed at her last comment.
Jen continued, but as she did, her voice became dreamy, and sexy. "Last night, I was so hot from showing off to you. I couldn't wait to get my husband in bed. After supper, we were sitting on the couch, watching television. I just knelt down in front of him, opened up his pants, and took out his cock. He was smiling at me, and slowly growing in my hand. I looked him in the eye, and told him that a guy in the restaurant looked up my dress. He was instantly hard as a rock then. I only sucked him for a minute or two. I don't think a blow job ever brought him off so fast. Later, he took me to bed, and fucked me silly." She then exclaimed, almost breathlessly, "Gawd, it was soooo good!"
My own cock was at full attention, again straining at my zipper. The image of Jenn telling her husband about me looking up her dress, and sucking his cock was hot enough; but to imagine her getting thoroughly fucked was almost too much to process. A faint, involuntary groan escaped my lips, as I closed my eyes to picture the scene.
I opened my eyes, and again blushed in embarrassment as Jenn asked, teasingly, "Like that, do you?" She pointed at my obvious erection, and said with a smirk, "Well, Todd, I can see that little bit of naughty I was talking about."
Jenn's demeanor seemed to suddenly become businesslike. She spoke up, and with some authority said, "Alright, so here are the rules. One rule really, but it's the grand daddy of all rules." After a quick pause, she said, "We have to keep our hands; no, I mean all of our selves, to ourselves." Her all business approach was wrecked as she got twisted up in her own words, and shook her head. "I mean we can't touch, at all!" She breathed a sigh of relief having finally made her point. "I'm having fun with this, but we can't push it too far." She gave me a questioning look as if to ask if I agreed.
Her cute little meltdown had me smiling, and I felt very at ease and confident. I nodded my agreement, and she smiled back at me, looking into my eyes.
"Good boy," she said, becoming playful again. "Now with that out of the way, I can give you what you came for," she giggled. "Did I say 'came'? Oh, that was yesterday," she teased.
Without a word, she gave me that same downward glance from the restaurant. It was the look that directed my attention lower. I knew the treat that awaited my eyes, and I slowly trailed my sight to her lips, which were together in a teasing little smile. I had the urge to lean closer to see if she might be receptive of a kiss, but the rule had just been made clear. I so badly wanted to nibble her ear lobe, and side of her neck. Her bare upper chest and right shoulder held my gaze momentarily. Jenn was starting to breathe a little heavier. Each inhale made her hardening nipples more pronounced through the thin cotton. As my eyes reached her barely covered thighs, she very deliberately grabbed a fist full of the t-shirt's hem, and slowly pulled it higher.
I became aware of my own increased breathing, and heartbeat, and as the sun climbed higher in the sky, I began to sweat. My cock, once again, throbbed in my shorts for her, but this time was different; this time she had a name. "Oh, Jenn, you are," I uttered, unable to complete the sentence. She was so many things, but I couldn't find the words.
The ultimate exposure began the instant she grabbed the shirt, but she pulled the garment even higher, over her mound, and up to her navel.
"Ah, my gosh," Jenn whispered. I glanced at her face to see her eyes closed and lips parted. "I've never done anything like this. You're so close, and I'm showing you everything, and it's making me," she continued to whisper. She licked her lips, and tried to finish her thought between breaths, "It's making me, so, I don't know, just so, fucking hot."
I smiled with satisfaction as I recognized the beginning of Jenn's surrender to the extreme exhibitionist within her. She had just realized how powerful her desire to show her body truly was, and how far she was willing to go to sate the need.
Jenn opened her eyes. She seemed to stare me down with an intense, lustful expression, as she scooted her backside a little bit away from me on the porch, and drew her leg up, and placed her foot behind me. With her other foot still on the second step, her legs were parted wide, and her flower opened up, revealing her sweet and heavy dew.
My mouth watered, and my heart and cock throbbed in unison. I squeezed my erection through my shorts, and let another groan slip through my lips. My mind was running wild with thoughts of what I wished I could do. I wanted so badly to touch those hard nipples through the t-shirt. I was temped, almost beyond my limits, to reach down, and hope she would forgive just one finger, and one pass between her folds. I craved a taste of the nectar that was seeping from her pussy as the lips became puffy, and the smell of her sex teased me mercilessly.
Jen set her tea down on the porch, and softly said, "Let me see." She had redirected her stare to the bulge in my shorts. "I wanted to see it so badly yesterday. I could tell you had it out, but couldn't see."
I needed no more encouragement. I set my own drink down, unsnapped, unzipped, and raised my ass up off the porch. I was too aroused to experience any embarrassment, and slipped my shorts and boxers down to my knees at once. I leaned back to let my raging erection stand proud, and afford her the display she requested. As I moved my arms behind me to brace my leaning position on the porch, one arm, and my back came in contact with her leg behind me. The touch was casual, and incidental, but as innocent as it was, I felt like an electric shock had shot from her leg, right through to my hard-on. More blood than I thought possible surged into my cock, and stretched the skin tighter than it had ever been. It jumped with my pulse, and the head was shiny and swollen.
"Oh!" Jenn reacted with surprise, leaning her upper body closer to me.
I thought she was trying to sit up so she could move away, to break our physical contact. I froze, hoping if I didn't do anything to further the touch, then our rendezvous might continue. I needed release, and I craved every inch of Jenn's body, even as I kept fighting the excruciating temptation with every ounce of restraint that I had. But Jenn did not move away.
"Oh my guh!" I shouted involuntarily.
Before my mind could process what was happening, I saw her hand wrapped around my cock. I felt the pressure on my shaft, and the further expansion of its head, as pre-cum leaked from the tip. She firmly held still, and I felt as though I might explode at any moment.
With a blank expression, Jenn glared at my cock in her own grip. She whimpered, softly, "I broke the rules."