I fell into a deep sleep as soon as Gerry and I lay on our bed. When I awoke, it was already morning. We had missed dinner entirely! I looked at the alarm clock and it was already past 8 o’clock. The sun was streaming in through our window. It was warm in the room, and we had thrown off the sheets. I stretched luxuriously and thought sleepily about the events of the day before. Pretty amazing, I thought. I’d been fucked by three different men, including my well-hung husband, a new friend with the most beautiful body and cock I’d ever seen, and a near stranger with an impossibly long curved cock! The mere thought of all that great sex started to turn me on. Through half-opened eyes, I looked over at Gerry. He was naked, sporting a morning hard-on and snoring gently. Probably dreaming of all the fucking he’d gotten yesterday, I thought.
Then I noticed we weren’t alone. Sue was in the room and moving slowly up alongside the bed, staring at Gerry’s cock. I relaxed and waited to see what would happen. When she was even with Gerry’s hard cock she reached out and took it in her hand, as if in wonder. He snored on, and she started moving her hand up and down on his shaft, very gently, as if exploring it rather than really pumping it. Her eyes were wide, her lips slightly open. A drop of pre-cum pushed up out of the pee hole and she smeared it around the big glans with her other hand, tickling its edge with the tips of her fingers. Gerry wasn’t snoring anymore, but he still had his eyes closed, probably just enjoying the sensation of Sue’s delicate fingers on his cock.
Still holding the end of Gerry’s cock, Sue reached to her side and untied the wrap she was wearing. It fell to the floor, leaving her naked from the waist down. In a smooth motion, she put one knee on the bed alongside my husband, lifted her other leg over his body, and positioned the helmet she was holding against her vagina. Then, sighing gently, she settled down on the big cock.
I thought about how careful she had been when she first eased Gerry’s cock into herself. Was that only the day before? Now she slid right down his pole with comfortable familiarity. I thought she would start humping him, but she sat stock still, her eyes wide, clearly simply relishing the feeling of that big cock inside her. Then she glanced over at me and saw I was awake. She didn’t act at all embarrassed at being found sitting on my husband’s cock, but smiled happily at me.
I raised up on one elbow and put my other hand on Sue’s hip. She was wearing just a loose t-shirt, and I slid my hand up her back to lift it over her head. She was now naked, with her pert little breasts sticking proudly out, her nipples protruding stiffly. I moved my hand to her right breast and tweaked the nipple. That seemed to bring her out of her reverie, as she gave a little moan of delight and started humping her pelvis slowly.
This was fun to watch, but didn’t really include me, and I needed to go to the bathroom. When I returned, Sue was rocking rhythmically and emitting quiet moans of delight. Gerry’s eyes were now open and feasting on the sight of his slender lover. Other than that, he just continued to just lie there enjoying it. Both of them were clearly enjoying their morning screw, and it seemed to me that it might go on for some time, at that pace. I threw on a loose shirt and shorts and padded down the hall in search of a cup of coffee.
Sue and Tom’s door was closed. I assumed Tom was still asleep and thought of going in and waking him the way Sue had wakened Gerry, but by now I was really on the hunt for that coffee.
Our host was waiting in the breakfast room, and as soon as I appeared he came forward to me, arms extended.
“I owe you an apology,” he said, “for my behavior yesterday afternoon. I know I had no right to do what I did, but it’s been a long time since I ...”
“Please don’t apologize,” I interrupted. “I invited you into the room, and besides, you were a wonderful lover. I should be thanking you, not forgiving you.”
“Thank you for your understanding,” our host said. “Now, I’ve made some fresh coffee; would you like some?
“Yes, please,” I replied.
As soon as he filled my cup I sat down on the couch. He sat facing me on the far end as we both sipped the hot brew.
“As I started to say,” he said, “It’s been a long time. My wife died six years ago and although I’ve had sex a few times since then, my needs are not fully satisfied. Every few weeks I go to a naturist resort near here to enjoy the sight of naked women and to lie out in the sun, myself. Sex isn’t really supposed to happen there, but it does, and sometimes I get lucky, as you Americans say.”
“I’m sorry to hear about your wife,” I said. He acknowledged my words with a nod.
“I’ve never been to a naturist resort,” I continued. “I’d think that with all those people running around naked, there’d be a lot of sex.”
“In a way, you’re right -- there is a lot of sex going on, but there are plenty of naturists who don’t approve of open sex and it’s actually against the resort rules to have sex in public. But of course people find a way ...”
As he was telling me this, he was looking appreciatively at my unhampered breasts under the loose shirt. I glanced down and saw that his cock was growing down the leg of his shorts. I knew I was being a tease, but couldn’t help turning slightly more toward him and letting my legs come slightly apart. I wasn’t sure, but I kind of hoped he could see up my shorts to my twat. Whatever he could or couldn’t see, his gaze was certainly focused on my crotch and the thought made me tingle.
His cock was now so long that I could see the tip, up inside the edge of his shorts. He noticed me looking at it, and instead of readjusting himself to conceal it, he ran his hand along its length. Either he also pulled up the leg of his shorts slightly or it got even longer. Now the tip was exposed to my gaze. By now, my pussy was aching with desire, and I could barely keep from reaching over and fondling that long cock.
“Where is the rest of your group?” he asked.
“Well, actually, Sue and my husband are fucking, and I think Tom’s asleep.”
“They’re fucking right now, as you sit here with me drinking coffee? Aren’t you at all jealous?”
“Not jealous, exactly, just left out for the moment.” Then, reflecting, I added, “And maybe a little concerned about Sue’s fascination with Gerry and his big cock.”
“Yes, I noticed the size of your husband’s equipment, and your friend’s interest in it,” he smiled. “But if you’re concerned about them, please don’t stay down here on my account.”
“No, that’s OK. I’m enjoying being here with you.”
To emphasize that point, and to see what might happen next, I spread my legs slightly. Now I was sure he could see my moistening cunt.
He ran his hand up and down his cock, massaging it through his shorts. Mimicking him, I brought my free hand down to my shorts, pulled the material to one side, and put my finger on my clit. His eyes grew larger as he rubbed his cock more vigorously.
I began moving my finger in circles over my clit. I could feel the excitement build in my groin. I put down my cup and reached down to insert two fingers into myself. Unsurprisingly, I was sopping wet. My other hand moved faster on my clit. Pretty soon, I thought, I’d be cumming.
Our host put down his coffee, stood and stripped his shorts down. His long, curved cock stood straight out from his body. He stepped toward me. I took his cock in my hand and, pulling him toward me, licked the drop of pre-cum from the tip.
“Mmmm. That tastes good. I’d love to fuck it, but I have another idea. How about we just each handle ourselves for a bit?”
“OK,” he replied. I had brought one foot up onto the couch and spread my legs wide, and he sat between my legs, staring at my crotch and stroking his cock.
I brought my left hand to my mouth and moistened the fingers, then returned it to my clit. Pulling the skin back from it with my right hand, I rubbed the fingers of my left gently around the red nub. It felt great, and a slight moan escaped my lips. My partner’s eyes were glued on my hand, and he started to pump his cock in earnest. My hand moved ever faster over my clit as I humped against my hand. I lay back and closed my eyes, focusing on trying to cum.
This continued for some time, but my orgasm stayed just of reach. I opened my eyes. My host’s hand was a blur as he pumped his cock furiously.
“Shit,” I said, “This isn’t working. Please -- just shove that thing in me, would you?”
“Sure,” he grinned. In one smooth movement he turned, rested his knee on the couch, and drove his cock into my gaping vagina.
It felt as if it were in me up to my tonsils. “Oh, yes! OH, YES!” I shouted, as I came hard.
He pumped in and out fast, as I continued to shout in ecstasy, but he slowed as I came down from my orgasm. For a while both of us held completely still and enjoyed the moment, then he slowly withdrew and sat down again on the couch. He reached for two napkins, handed one to me and wiped my copious juice off his still-hard cock with the other.
“Whew,” he said. “You are an incredibly sexy woman.”
He took my empty coffee cup and, naked, walked to the coffee urn. His cock now drooped down, but even partly deflated it hung half-way to his knees. He noticed me staring at it, and flexed his ass, making his cock jump a little and giving me a sly grin.
“You’re not so bad, yourself,” I told him, as he brought the coffee back. I took his half-erect schlong in my left hand and spread out the fingers of my right, to measure the length of the beast. My hand-spread is about 8 inches, and his cock extended at least two inches past my fingers. And that was when it was not full-sized! I gave the end a little kiss before letting go.
“I’ve got an idea,” I said. “Let’s both go upstairs and see what’s going on.” He agreed enthusiastically, and we picked up our cups and went up the stairs.
The door to Sue and Tom’s room was still closed, so we went right past it to my room. I had closed that door when I left, and now I pushed in front of our host to open the door. Then I stopped in the doorway and he pushed up against me from behind. Without thinking I reached back to take that long cock in my free hand.
Sue and Gerry were exactly as I had left them, except she was grinding her pelvis hard and fast against him and emitting little whimpers of ecstasy. Each time she rocked forward we could see the stem of his thick cock, with her pussy lips tightly wrapped on it, his big hairy balls below.
Our host and I stood completely still, watching the sexy action in front of us. I realized I still had his cock in my hand and it was fully hard.
Sue was covered with sweat. Every once in a while she would cry out, “I’m cumming, I’m cumming” and then go back to whimpering. Meanwhile Gerry was just lying there, smiling and enjoying it.
We stood there watching for quite some time -- at least 15 minutes -- while we sipped our coffee and I fondled our host’s cock, keeping it nice and hard -- and long. Now that we were there, we were kind of stuck. Our host was clearly fascinated and excited by the sex show before us, and I was enjoying it, too. I would have brought him into our room to play alongside the other couple, but they were clearly enjoying their fuck and I didn’t want to interfere with that.
Eventually, I turned and dropped to my knees. With Sue’s increasingly loud cries in my ears I began licking my host’s cock, all the way from the tip to his balls. God, the thing was long!
“Ah, be careful,” he said. “I’m so excited, I won’t be able to hold out long.”
“Please don’t hold back. Give me your cum,” I replied, as I licked just under the rim. I looked up to see that he was still staring at Sue riding Gerry’s cock. I continued licking all over his cock until I felt it get even harder and sensed that our host was about come. I sucked his cock into my lips and pushed down on it. At the same time, I pumped the shaft vigorously with my hand.
He grabbed my hair and humped his cock into my mouth. I consciously stopped my gag reflex and slid the tip down my throat, but after a few seconds I found I couldn’t breathe. I pulled back and he let go of my hair. I took in a deep breath, and just then, his cock erupted. I immediately plopped it back into my mouth and drank his cum. It tasted wonderful, and as the pulsing slowed I pulled the cock from my lips and let the last few spurts drip down onto my breasts.
As I sat back on my haunches, my host’s now softening cock in my hand, Tom opened the door to his room and stepped out into the hallway.
“What the ...” he started to ask groggily. Then he looked beyond the two naked people in front of him to the scene in our bedroom.
“How long have they been at it?” he asked me, gesturing to the other couple.
“Oh, an hour or so,” I answered.
“Hold on a minute,” Tom said, “I’ve got to pee and I want to get that done before I’m unable to.” And indeed, his beautiful cock was already at half-mast. He turned and went back into his room.
“Well, I have breakfast to prepare for all of you,” our host told me, as he took a step back from me. I nodded and he picked up our coffee cups and went down the stairs.
Tom reappeared. He no longer had a hard-on and looked at the couple screwing on the bed. “So, at least an hour?”
“At least an hour.”
“What should we do?”
Just then, Gerry lifted Sue off his cock. “I’m not going to cum,” he said gently.
“Can I help?” Sue asked, grabbing his erect pole and pumping vigorously.
“Ah, ... yes, ... like that!” he exclaimed. She pumped even faster, and after a few minutes, sure enough, Gerry grunted and a stream of sperm pushed out of his cock and ran down over her hand. She slathered it around, then lifted her hand to her lips and licked it off.
“Thanks,” he said. “Now, let’s get cleaned up.” They went into the bathroom. I noticed Sue was holding Gerry’s cock in her hand as they entered the shower. He cupped her firm ass in his hand as he closed the shower door behind them. Tom and I turned and went downstairs.
-------------------------------------------
“Officially,” our host said, “Public sex is forbidden at Club Bavarija. They even discourage men from getting hard. But that’s mainly to discourage single men from walking around displaying their cocks in the hopes of getting some women to play with them. On the other hand, it is a club for adults only, and unofficially couples can do pretty much anything they want, even in public, though most couples find a slightly secluded spot so as not to offend the naturists who aren’t interested in seeing sex acts.”
“There are such people?” Tom asked.
“Actually, there are, though few of them seem to go to Club Bavarija,” our host replied with a smile.
“I vote we go there,” Sue said. “I’d love to see all those naked people, just enjoying being naked.”
We all agreed, and asked our host for directions. He described how to get to Club Bavarija, then added, “I have a membership that you can use. I go there pretty often, just to enjoy seeing naked people, though as a single man I rarely get into any sexual situations, unfortunately.”
He smiled ruefully and I saw that now he had a distinct bulge in his pants. “There is a fee of $20 US per person,” he added.
We sat down to a good breakfast, then were on our way. It was almost an hour before we arrived at a blank wall with a gate saying “CLUB BAVARIJA”. There were 20 or 30 other cars parked on the road nearby, and we found a spot and parked. The gate was unlocked and we filed through, peering around to see if there were any naked people on the other side. But there was only a small building with a high hedge around it. A bell rang as entered the little building, and a smiling woman came out from behind a counter. She was middle aged, and buck naked. Her large breasts sagged a little, but overall she seemed to be in good shape for her age.
“Welcome to Club Bavarija,” she said. “What can I do for you?”
“We’d like to spend the day here,” Gerry replied. “We have a membership card.”
“Good, then,” she said. “So you won’t be needing overnight lodging. That will be $20 US for each of you, please. That covers the use of the club, a locker to put your clothes in, and the buffet lunch.”
We gave her $80 and she suggested we read the club rules, which were posted by the counter. Sure enough, there was a rule against sexual acts in public; there was also a rule requiring guests to be over 18 years old, and one against wearing clothes outside the dressing rooms. She handed us a locker key on a lanyard and we went through the back door into the common area.
We immediately saw people walking around totally nude. There were people of all shapes and ages, from girls and boys who couldn’t have been much older than 18 and looked very fit and buff, to men and women who appeared to be in their 60’s. But what caught my attention was the variety of cocks on display, from long, pendulous uncut ones to short stubby circumcised ones that stuck out as if partially erect. Most of the people we saw were shaved, either completely or at least with their pubic areas trimmed. We hurried to the changing rooms and stripped, leaving our clothes in the locker provided for us.
There was a beach visible off to our right, and we walked over to it. At our host’s suggestion we had brought mats, which we spread on the pebbles. For quite a while we just sat and observed the other nudists -- excuse me, naturists. Some were wading or swimming, while others were simply sitting and reading or looking around, as we were.
I noticed one couple sitting up in a corner of the beach, slightly behind us. They were young, maybe in their 20s, and very fit looking. They were both sitting, with the girl facing her boyfriend. She was running her hands all over him and kissing his neck. Despite this, his uncut cock was flacid, with the foreskin extending beyond the head. ,
I called the others’ attention to this. “Look at that girl trying to excite her boyfriend,” I commented. “With no success at all.”
The others turned to look, and both the two youngsters looked directly at us. As we stared, I noticed that the boy’s cock wasn’t quite as flacid as it had been. “Well,” Sue commented, “maybe a little success. Let’s see what happens next.”
Lo and behold, as we watched, and as the couple stared right at us, the boy’s penis started to grow longer, until the tip peeked out beyond the head. Then even more, until it extended 7 inches or so in front of him. It was as crooked as a snake as it lay there, then it started to rise off the ground.
The girl reached around and took his hardening cock in her hand. Still staring directly at us, she pulled the foreskin back and started to massage the shaft.
I felt myself getting aroused and glanced around at my friends. Sure enough, both Gerry and Tom were at half mast, and Sue was rubbing her hands on her thighs in what I took to be an unconscious gesture.
I decided to up the ante a little. I had already been half turned toward the young couple and now, while continuing to stare at them, I moved my knee around so my knees were spread apart and my pussy was exposed to the kids. They both focused on my crotch. Then the girl’s attention turned to my right and I followed her look. Gerry’s cock was completely erect in all its magnificent glory, and he was gently stroking it. While she stared at my husband’s big cock, the girl started to move her hand faster on her boyfriend’s cock, which was now completely hard. Her eyes were wide and she swallowed hard. I wondered what would happen if Gerry were to get up and walk over to the other couple, but he didn’t move except to continue stroking his own cock lightly.
I heard a little moan behind me and took my eyes off the couple once again. Now Tom also had his beautiful cock in his hand, and Sue had her hand down between her clenched thighs. The moan had come from her, and as I looked at her she moaned again. Clearly, she was approaching an orgasm as she stared at the young couple making out nearby.
I turned back to that couple; they were still staring at us. The girl was focused on Gerry’s cock and the boy, on my widespread cunt. Just to see what reaction I’d get (and maybe to satisfy the tickle I felt) I brought my hand to my crotch and pulled the skin back to expose my whole pussy and my hardening clit. Then I spit on my other hand and gently massaged my clit with my finger, making sure the boy could see my gaping vagina. I arched my back and enjoyed the ripples coursing through my body as I watched the girl’s hand pump on her boyfriend’s snake-like penis.
Apparently the sight of us masturbating while watching their performance drove the young man over the top. He gave a little cry and ropes of cum shot out of his cock onto the beach. Just then, I heard Sue making the sounds I now recognized as her orgasm. The girl continued to stroke the cock in her hand for a few seconds and then the couple rose to their feet and walked to the water, hand in hand.
“Wow,” Gerry said, “That was a turn-on, wasn’t it?”
“Did you notice how she stared at your cock?” I asked him.
“I did. I tried to give them as good a view of it as I could. Did you notice how he stared at your cunt?”
“Yes. Did you think about joining them?”
“For a moment. But then I thought, if she wanted that she would have made some sign to invite me over, and she didn’t. I think they’re just exhibitionists. They enjoy being watched as they get off.”
“Or at least, as he gets off. But she seemed to enjoy the whole thing, too.”
“She certainly did,” Tom chimed in. “As did my lovely wife!”
Sue blushed. “I certainly did. I feel as if I’m in a constant state of sexual arousal. This vacation has turned into a sex-cation. How about you guys?”
We all agreed, we felt the same way.
“I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’m thirsty,” Tom said. “I’m going up to the bar to get something to drink. Can I get anybody anything?”
Instead, the rest of us decided to join him. We rolled up our mats and walked toward the bar. As we passed the bathroom block, Gerry said he had to pee, and we all took the opportunity to do the same.
Sue and I came back out of the women’s room to find Tom waiting for us. “Gerry went ahead to the bar,” he explained. “Shall we join him?”
Instead of answering, Sue murmured, to nobody in particular, “Oh, my God. Look at that.” Tom and I turned to see what she was talking about and saw a tall, fit man coming out of the men’s toilets sporting a half-hard cock. It was enormous, at least 10 inches long even though it wasn’t fully erect, and bigger around than even Gerry’s cock. I glanced at Sue and she was literally licking her lips. The guy turned and walked toward the cottages for overnight guests, and Sue simply turned and followed him.
“Where are you going?” I asked her, grabbing her arm.
“I want to see more of that thing,” she said, pulling her arm loose from my grasp. “You guys can come with me, or I’ll meet you at the bar.”
“I’d better come with you,” Tom told her, “You don’t want to end up alone with him. You have no idea who he is.”
“OK,” she replied, as she hurried after the tall man, who went to the door of the third cottage and entered. I wondered what was going on in there, to give him that hard-on? He left the door of the cottage open and Sue stopped outside, peering in, then entered with Tom close behind.
I walked over to the open-air bar and found Gerry. “Sue and Tom have gone over to one of the cottages,” I told him. “Let’s go join them.” Gerry looked at me quizzically, but left the bar without ordering a drink. I took his hand and led him to the cottage I had seen Tom and Sue disappear into. The door was still open, and we went in.
It took our eyes a minute to adjust, after the bright glare outside. What we saw could only be described as an orgy. There were at least a dozen people in the room, most of them engaged in various sex acts. Sue was on her back with her legs widespread, and the guy we had seen before was slowly working his huge cock in and out of her. I noticed that he only seemed to be able to get three-fourths of it or so into her gaping hole, but she was clearly happy with what she had. Tom was standing nearby, staring at his wife and her new lover. His cock was standing at attention, hard as rock. I walked over to him and took his cock in my hand.
I ran my fingers lightly over Tom’s engorged shaft, then around the rim of the glans. Squatting, I touched the tip of my tongue to the bottom of the bulbous tip, then licked it lightly. He let out a small groan, and I took that as encouragement. But rather than giving him a full blowjob, I decided to tease him a little. I took just the tip in my mouth, sucking on it gently and continuing to lick the bottom of its ridge. Meanwhile, I ran my fingertips along the shaft and to his balls, which I cradled gently. His cock gave a big twitch, and I realized that, of the four of us, he was the only one who hadn’t actually had sex that morning; he must be nearly ready to cum! I pulled my head back and studied Tom’s beautiful cock before looking up at his face. He was watching his wife intently, and I turned to see what she was doing. She was now riding the guy with the big cock, reverse cowboy. She seemed to have managed to get the whole thing into her vagina. She rocked back and forth a bit, then rose up and down, sliding the phallus in and out. When she got it all the way in, her eyes widened in delight; then she raised herself up again and we could see her inner lips clinging to it hungrily.
I was unconsciously stroking Tom’s cock as I watched his wife, and now he said, “Oh, God, I’m not sure I can hold on.” I stood up and, noticing an empty easy chair behind Tom, guided him into it. I let him sit there for a minute, his eyes fixed on his wife. His cock jerked with every pulse of his blood. Copious amounts of pre-cum seeped out. After a few minutes Tom seemed to relax a little, and his cock was no longer pulsing, though it was still fully erect. Still standing, I bent over and took it back gently into my mouth.
As I played with Tom’s cock, I felt a hand on my ass. I turned my head to see a tall, good-looking blond man standing behind me with a full erection. He ran his hand down between my legs and onto my pussy, seeming to be asking permission to do more, and I nodded to him before returning to Tom. A moment later I felt the tip of the other man’s cock at my entrance. I moved my feet slightly further apart and he slid it into me. Soon he was pounding away; I could feel my excitement rising and put one hand between my legs to tickle my clit while using the other hand to steady myself on Tom’s cock.
I could feel my climax approaching, and took Tom’s cock out of my mouth to avoid accidentally biting it. I was now just squeezing the shaft in my hand as I concentrated on my own fast-approaching orgasm. Behind me, I heard Sue crying out, “I’M CUMMMMMMING!”.
Just then, Tom erupted. Just like yesterday at the beach, long ropes of hot sperm shot out of his cock, hitting me in the face and in my hair, and running down onto my chest. The stranger continued to pump hard into me and I frantically tickled my clit, driving myself over the edge. It was a massive orgasm; at some point, I fell forward onto Tom. As I did so, I felt the stranger’s cock pull out of me, and realized he must have cum in me -- in the throes of my orgasm, I hadn’t noticed! I could feel his cum running out of my cunt and down my leg.
By now, the slurping noises and the cries of women in ecstasy, which had filled the room when we entered, had died off. I looked around and saw there was cum everywhere -- on the floor, on the cushions, on the chair and couches, and of course, on my chest and legs!
Only Sue and her well-hung companion were still fucking. Tom pushed me gently off him, went over to Sue and spoke a few words into her ear. She looked disappointed, but after a few more grinds on the massive cock inside her, reluctantly lifted herself off it. Tom took her hand and Gerry took mine, and we left without saying a word to anybody.
We eventually did get our drinks at the bar, took a shower to get the salt and cum off our bodies, and drove back to the hotel, where the proprietor had prepared us a light supper.