Writer's note: There are a few instances ofItalicsin this piece, some for word emphasis, some to delineate internal monologue.
It was a Saturday night, almost 8pm. Tom sat in the booth nervously surveying the restaurant around him. He couldn't help but feel out of his element, it was a very upmarket place and certainly not somewhere he would have picked. It was like something you'd see in a gangster movie with its dimly illuminated chandeliers and burgundy carpet, the long tablecloths draping elegantly off the dark stained tables almost to the floor. Tom had tangled himself up in one of these tablecloths when he took his seat and wondered not for the first time that night if he made the right decision coming here. The place even had a maître d', for goodness sake! What kind of restaurant actually has a maître d' these days? This was definitely a mistake.
A bowtie clad waiter appeared and produced a wine list. Tom saw the prices on some and mused that he might have to take out a personal loan just to pay at the end of the night. He sighed, picked a glass relatively cheaper than the others and resigned himself to his fate.
He watched the people walking about the room from his spot in the corner, it was mostly waiters taking orders, delivering food, and escorting newcomers to their tables. It was this last action which was giving him the most anxiety, because he was expecting company. A couple to be precise, which was new for Tom, one he met on a dating app. They seemed nice enough when he was talking to them, and one night while he was tipsy, he flirted and played with them. Living out stories and fantasies over text, things he wouldn't normally say or do, the thought of which made Tom orgasm harder than he ever had before. And afterwards they somehow convinced him to meet up for dinner.
The problem was they were nearly twenty-five minutes late, and he was on his second glass of wine. With every passing second his nervousness grew more and more agonising. Tom wondered at himself; he didn't do things like this! He doesn't go on dates with strangers, or use love-finding apps. And he certainly didn't date couples! This was all a big mistake.
Finally, he made the decision to drain his glass and stood to leave when the waiter appeared with a man and a woman in their early-thirties, directing them to sit at the table. She was thin, but shapely, and very beautiful in the face. She wore her wavy brown hair out, which cascaded softly over her shoulders. She was magnificently feminine. But the first thing Tom noticed was her eyes. They were a beautiful deep dark blue which seemed to see straight into him, and they stopped him dead in his tracks. It took effort to pull his gaze from hers in order to appraise her companion.
Her husband was the epitome of masculinity. Tall and handsome, with dark hair, an athletic build, and he had smile lines etched softly into his face. Tom noted that his dark grey suit likely cost more than he made in a month. It was definitely nicer than the cheap black jacket he was wearing. He felt, again, out of place. Nevertheless, they both beamed at him, and the woman shuffled around the booth to embrace him."Tom, hello! We're so sorry to keep you waiting. I'm Anna, of course, and this is Steven.""Oh, no problem at all, good to meet you." Blurted Tom, accepting Anna's hug and awkwardly shaking Steven's hand before sinking back into his seat. Anna took a seat next to Tom in the booth, with Steven to her right.
"I see you've already started drinking without us!" said Steven, "We'll have to catch up."What followed was a long discussion with the waiter about wine Tom didn't much understand, and after a few taste tests two new bottles of expensive wine were on their way to the table."It's so good to finally meet you in person, you seemed so nice over text and we just couldn't wait to have you for dinner, really get to know you!" Anna smiled in a way which made Tom feel warm and at ease, if just for a moment.
"Well thanks for inviting me. You look lovely, by the way!" Tom replied more out of politeness than anything, but now he actually took note for the first time of what she was wearing. She really did look lovely! It was a modest black cocktail dress, or about as modest as a cocktail dress could be. It fit close to her waist and showed off her form in a way that drew the eye, but still left something to the imagination.
Tom found himself imagining plenty and realised his eyes had settled for a while now on Anna's breasts. With a start he glanced at Steven and then down at the table, wondering what on earth he was doing and how the other man would react to him gawking at his wife.Steven and Anna both laughed, not a cruel mocking laugh, but more a flattered chuckle.
"I'm glad you find Anna as beautiful as I do, Tom. I'm very proud to have her." Steven lightly rubbed her arm, and she giggled and leaned in to give him a light peck on the lips.
"Anyway, you must be hungry," Steven said, I know I am."
With a gesture, Steven summoned the waiter and some menus. Tom opened his and swallowed an exclamation at the price of the first dish he saw. And it was only an entrée.
"Apparently you can get the best eye-fillet steak in the city here, Tom." Steven said as he looked over the menu, "But I recommend the fish if you want something a bit lighter. I don't eat much meat."
"Only on special occasions." Anna added, in a playful tone. Tom didn't notice, he was frantically studying the menu for something cheaper than a $55 steak. Finally he had to admit defeat.
"I, uh. . . I'm so sorry but I don't think I can afford to eat here." he said, feeling quite miserable.
"Oh sweetie, no! This is our treat to you!" exclaimed Anna, "You don't have to pay a cent, in fact we insist on it. We've invited you here with us so we are going to buy dinner for you." She flashed another one of her gorgeous smiles, causing Tom's insides to melt once more.
"Oh! Well, okay. Thank you!" said Tom, with a sheepish grin.
"Wonderful!" said Steven, "So something small to start?"***Two hours later the three sat talking happily over their empty plates, and two empty bottles of wine. Tom was somewhat more relaxed now with the slight haze of a few good drinks. Anna burst out laughing at a joke, and settled a hand on Tom's leg. High on Tom's leg. Suddenly the pit in his stomach returned as reality set back in. A nervousness which apparently wasn't lost on Anna."You still seem a little restless, Tom. Is everything okay?"
"Oh, I'm sorry," he replied, "I guess this is all just a bit new to me. I was with my last girlfriend for almost five years, so I haven't really gone on date in a long time. Plus, I've never gone out with a couple before, so you know..." he added, gesturing to Steven.
The couple sat silent, apparently happy to wait to hear what Tom said next.
"What I mean is I just don't really know what I'm doing here, I suppose. I'm not sure what you expect... well notexpect, I mean, I just... I'm not...!" Tom was beginning to panic, unsure of how to say what he needed to. That he wasn't gay, or bi, or whatever else they might think.
"What I'm saying is, I just don't know! I don't know what I wanted or why I'm here. I'm sorry, I'm not making much sense, am I?" More silence, "Maybe I should just go." He said quietly, almost to himself.
He was feeling utterly ashamed at his behaviour. First to string this lovely couple along when he knew he wasn't into men, then making them buy him an expensive dinner. He'd just call a cab, go home and hope they didn't hate him too much. He tried to stand, but found Anna's hand was still on his leg.
"Tom," her hand moved slightly, but she didn't remove it. He looked up at her, and she smiled that winning smile again. "I'm sorry if you're feeling like we put you on the spot here, we didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, but we're having a great time here with you! If I understand what you're worried about, you're saying you've never been with a man before, right?"
"Well. . . yeah." Tom felt flustered and wished this nightmare would end.
"You seemed pretty into the idea while we were talking online." Steven said. To Tom's surprise his tone didn't seem hostile or annoyed, or even sad. He could only describe it as encouraging.
"Well yes, but-" Tom paused, waiting for the words to come to him, but none did. To be completely honest, hedidenjoy fantasising with the couple. He remembered writing about the three of them in the bedroom, on the floor. He recalled talking of kissing Anna's breasts, nibbling at her nipples and rubbing his fingers between her legs to feel how wet she was, all the while Steven stroked and licked along the length of his hardening-No! Stop! This was just fantasy. He wasn't gay, that was a fact. This was all just a bit of harmless fun, nothing more. Despite himself, Tom felt his cock strain against his trousers even at the memory of that night sending messages back and forth. Thankfully the long tablecloth covered his crotch so Anna couldn't see his erection even if she tried, but he knew his hardness was dangerously close to her hand."We had so much fun talking to you, Tom. And there was a lot we both really liked about you. You seemed really genuine and innocent, like you are now, but you responded so well when we got a little dirty. There's a naughty streak in you, Tom." Now Anna leaned in close to whisper in his ear, "and all Steven and I have talked about since was how and when we could fuck you."Anna's hand shifted and lightly gripped Tom's hard cock through his trousers. Shock waves went through his body and he gasped at her touch, he closed his eyes.
"Tell me you didn't enjoy imagining me on top of you. Sliding my pussy along your thick, hard cock, on the bedroom floor." He could feel her breath on his neck as she whispered almost inaudibly in his ear. Her soft hand continued to stroke his shaft."I did enjoy it."
"And tell me that you didn't love the thought of me running my fingers through your hair, and feeling my husband's cock slide past your lips into your mouth." She ran her fingers through his hair just as she described, and Tom unconsciously parted his lips. This was all the answer Anna needed. She giggled to herself, threw her arms around his neck and kissed him, letting her tongue explore his open mouth for a moment.
Tom opened his eyes and saw that Anna was smiling again, but it was different this time. Now a fire burned within the blue depths of her irises, her smile was no longer reassuring, but exhilarating. He felt a touch on his cock again and pushed into it slightly, enjoying the sensation. It wasn't for a few seconds that Tom realised Anna had both her hands on his shoulders, smiling devilishly at him. It was also at this moment that he realised Steven was no longer sitting at the table to her right. Tom quickly darted his gaze down to his lap, where he could feel two hands slowly unzipping his trousers, but all he could see was the tablecloth.
"Just relax," Anna said in a quiet tone. Tom felt the hands underneath the table reach into his underwear and pull his hardened penis free. He darted his eyes around the full room in panic."Hey," Anna placed her hand on his cheek and turned his head towards her, "Just relax," She repeated, and kissed him deeply on the lips. At that precise moment, he felt a wet, warm softness around his cock as an unseen mouth enveloped it. There he was, in a public restaurant surrounded by people, kissing a married woman while her husband sucked him under the table.
"But what if someone sees?" Tom asked with unconvincing concern.
"Why do you think we chose this spot?" she replied. Tom glanced at the other tables and saw that nobody was paying them any attention at all in their dark corner, and even if they did, he couldn't see anything that was happening beneath the long tablecloths on anyone else's table, so they probably couldn't see the man crouched beneath his. For all he knew, each and every man in the room could have been receiving a secret blowjob. Now that was a fun thought.
"Just sit back and enjoy the sensations with me." Tom looked back to Anna and saw one of her hands had disappeared under the table, between her legs. He realised she must be playing with herself. A jolt of excitement shot through him, which his unseen pleasurer must have noticed. With renewed vigour the mouth sucked harder and pushed deeper onto Tom's shaft. Tom felt the warmth of the man's throat as his cock was completely swallowed.
He decided to take Anna's advice and let himself get lost in the moment. All knowledge of what was around him melted away. All that mattered was what he could feel. He relished every slow stroke up and down his throbbing cock, felt the man's tongue run circles under his foreskin, around the head. He squirmed as one hand held the base of his shaft while the other gently rolled and massaged his balls. The hands pulled at his waistband and tugged his trousers completely free. For all intents and purposes, Tom was now completely naked from the waist down. He legs were spread wide under the privacy of the table cloth. Truly this was one of the most exhilarating experiences he'd ever had."Excuse me sir?" Tom was startled back to the real world. The mouth under the table froze. Their waiter had approached them while he was distracted, and another came from behind to clear the plates.
"Would sir and madam like anything else to drink?" The man said.
"Oh, yes please!" Said Anna, with all the innocence of someone simply enjoying a quiet night out with a friend. You would never have guessed she was just pleasuring herself under the table. "Tom, could you choose? You've always known so much more about wine than I do." Tom looked at her with confusion, her face was pleasant and beautiful, but her eyes betrayed the deep burning passion within. He could have sworn he felt the mouth underneath the table smile around his cock, before eagerly resuming its work.
"Of course." Tom croaked. He pretended to study the wine list as the waiter patiently stood over him. He couldn't concentrate with the sensation of a well practiced tongue gliding over and around his rock-hard cock as the waiter made recommendations and asked questions. A sidelong glance at Anna revealed that she would be of no help, her smirk and wicked blue eyes told him that much. He picked a random wine and hoped the waiter would go away.
"Oh, really? That one?" whined Anna, and pointed to another bottle on the list, "Can we try the 2015 pinot noir as well please?"
"But of course! I'll bring them both for sir and madam to taste." And he wondered off.
"Why?!" Tom hissed at Anna.
"Shhh." She placed her finger to her lips and winked.Much to Tom's annoyance the man returned to the table with two bottles of wine. He took a lot of time and care to show Tom and Anna the label, open the bottles, and pour two small glasses. Anna sipped both.
"Hmm. What do you think darling?" She offered a glass of shiraz to Tom for a taste.She's enjoying this, he thought. She loved torturing him. Making him talk to this man, to maintain composure and act as if her loving husband wasn't hungrily devouring his cock at that very moment.Tom brought the glass to his lips just as the hands beneath the table gripped his legs and pulled them hard. Tom jerked forward and almost fell off his chair, he was now perched precariously on the edge of the padded seat. He was only really holding himself up by bracing himself on the table. The silky feeling of lips enveloping his shaft returned. The waiter frowned.
"Is everything alright, sir?"
"Not to your liking, darling?" asked Anna who took the glass from him, handing it to the waiter.It's just difficult to concentrate when your man is sucking me off under the table, my dear!Tom thought. The lips stopped sucking and he felt the hands grip the bottom of his thighs near his behind and lifted his legs. He was now basically being held up, and his knees banged the bottom of the table, causing the drink in the remaining glass to shake.
Tom said "Let's try this one," and hurriedly picked up the glass and took a sip, mostly to distract the waiter.Suddenly Tom's body convulsed and he choked and coughed on the wine as a tongue began probing his anus. Anna jumped into action.
"Oh dear, that's enough. No more wine for us! Thank you!" Anna took the glass off Tom and shooed the waiter away, saying they'd send for the cheque when they were ready.Not that Tom noticed any of this, all he could think about was the tongue straining against the awkward angle to press deep into his puckered rosebud.
"Are you alright? What was that?" Anna whispered as the waiter departed, her lustfulness forgotten for a moment. Tom couldn't reply, he could only look at her. Understanding dawned on her face as she observed how he was sitting, putting the pieces of the puzzle together.
"Holy shit! Is he...?" she asked, pointing down. Again, Tom could only look at her without a word. "Fuck!" was the only one she could muster and her hand immediately disappeared back between her legs.
Tom felt dizzy as the warm tongue lapped at his hole. He could feel a long stream of precum run down his shaft as he experienced this kind of stimulation for the first time. He never imagined it could feel this good, this hot, this dirty. Involuntarily he let out a low animalistic growl which caused a sudden physical change in Anna.
"Touch me." Anna demanded. She swiftly pulled his bottom half back onto the seat away from the tongue, with a strength and ease that surprised him. He was happy to oblige however. All thought of the privacy of the tablecloth was thrown to the wind as he pulled her close and hugged her back to his side, she leaned against him and placed her right leg up on the seat. Tom brought his arm around her waist and hiked up her short dress. Now only the enclosed walls of the booth and the table before them hid their deeds from obvious scrutiny.
Tom gently rubbed and spread Anna's bald pussy lips with his fingers. He could feel how hot they were to the touch and were positively dripping with her juices. She moaned lightly, leaned back onto his chest and allowed Tom to kiss her, sucking his tongue into her mouth as deep as she could. Tom had barely noticed the mouth beneath the table resume working on him. He rubbed Anna's clit with as much enthusiasm as he dared. She squeaked into his mouth, trying not to make a sound as he pleasured her behind the table.
Obviously sensing what was happening, the mouth under the table sped up, started to slide quickly up and down Tom's engorged cock, letting it come almost free of the lips before they came sliding back down to the base, nose pressing against his belly. Tom could feel that he was getting close. He left Anna's clitoris and pushed two fingers inside of her and angled them upwards, brushing against her g-spot. Her eyes burst open and she gasped. No longer were they a beautiful mesmerising blue, but dark wells of pure lust. They seemed to him almost completely black. Desire raged in her like Tom had never seen before.
She began frantically rubbing her own clitoris while Tom fingered her g-spot. He felt her juices flow down his fingers, pooling in his palm and on the chair beneath. He enjoyed the sensation of the soft walls of her pussy, and the rough g-spot, while he fucked her with his hand. The sight of this amazing woman reacting to his touch almost sent him over the edge, but he buried his own orgasm, willing it down. He wanted this to last.
Anna's lower body began squirming around his fingers, and she gasped desperately for air until everything in her body clamped down. Her eyes, her legs, her pussy. She bit down hard on her knuckles and her legs began to shake as she silently screamed in orgasm.Multiple waves of ecstasy washed over her, and Tom could only watch in awe. Every single muscle in her body tensed as if a great electric shock surged through her. For what seemed like an eternity Tom watched as Anna rode the wave of pure ecstasy, until finally she began to relax. She breathed again, deeply, for the first time in what Tom realised must have been twenty or thirty seconds.
Seeing her face flushed red from her orgasm was bringing Tom closer and closer to his own.Anna pulled Tom's hand from her pussy and guided one of his fingers into his mouth, letting him taste her sweet pussy juices. His orgasm continued to build, the mouth under the table worked tirelessly to swallow his shaft. Anna pulled Tom's hand from his mouth, and looking up into his eyes, took the other finger into her own mouth. Tom saw as the most beautiful woman in the world, eyes like saucers, sucked her own orgasm off his finger. Tom finally exploded.There was a massive eruption inside him, and he started shooting thick hot spurts of cum. In response, a finger slid under him and pressed against his asshole, Tom arched his back in delight. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over him, and pulse after pulse of cum filled the man's mouth. He worked it expertly, wringing out every last drop. Tom kept cumming hard, eight shots, nine shots, ten shots of semen burst forth. Only now did the spasms begin to lower in intensity. Tom had never cum this much in his life! Gradually they began to subside and the pulses became twitches. He kept twitching for a long while, and ever more gradually the mouth slowed its pace.Tom's vision disappeared. The room vanished, replaced with a static haze obscuring his eyes. His legs and arms went numb and he could feel his heartbeat throbbing in his ears. Finally, the mouth disappeared from his cock and Anna sat up from her spot lounging against him. Tom's sight came back to see her kissing Steven, who had reappeared at the table. Their tongues worked in tandem to push all the white sticky liquid from his mouth to hers, trying not to lose a drop.
They stopped, she pulled away and turned to Tom. Taking his face into her hands she placed her lips against his and forced her tongue into Tom's mouth. With it came a mouthful of Tom's own fresh semen. His head continued to spin as cum poured into his mouth, dripped down his chin onto his chest, and slid down his throat. They made out deeply and passionately, even after he had swallowed as much cum as he could, probing her mouth with his tongue searching for every last drop of his own produced sweet, salty substance. Steven looked on with much approval as the two collapsed on each other, breathing hard, completely spent.
***When the three regained their senses, they looked around to noticed a change in the energy of the room. They saw that many of those around them were giving them awkward glances, and several more were obviously avoiding their gaze. Some had got up to depart, leaving half eaten meals at their tables. Tom's stomach dropped. He looked at the couple and horror dawned on their faces.
"I think we'd better get out of here." said Anna, collecting up her belongings. Steven dropped a handful of crisp bills on the table.***Anna and Steven offered to drive Tom home from the restaurant, not wanting him to wait out the front where trouble might arise. The maître d' had said nothing to them as they left, he merely glared as they walked by, holding a telephone to his ear. They didn't want to take any chances wondering who was on the other line.
"It's a real shame." Steven lamented as he drove, "I liked that place. We'll never be able to go back."
"Don't worry about it, darling." Said Anna unconvincingly, leaning in and kissing him on the cheek as he drove. She looked over to the back seat where Tom was sitting. "As you may have guessed we've done something like that before at that restaurant. Usually we'll find a cute guy or girl, get a few drinks into them, have our fun then go our separate ways. That's our rule. One-and-done. Until now we've always handled ourselves pretty well and never got caught. I guess we got a little carried away tonight."
She looked back out the window. After a while she shuffled slightly in her seat and murmured to herself,
"Fuck, it was good though." Steven gave an affirmative chuckle.
Tom smiled. He knew the couple were still just as turned on as he was. Somehow, he didn't care nearly as much as he knew he should about the fact he got caught having sex in public. All he could think about was the taste of semen still lingering on his palette. He shook his head, feeling a little jealous knowing that Steven and Anna would likely be naked the second they arrived home together. He knew he would be stroking his cock tonight once he walked through his door.
As if out of nowhere, a thought struck him.
"So wait a minute, why were to two so late coming tonight?" Anna exchanged a cheeky look with her husband, then the two of them burst into laughter. "You couldn't even wait, could you! You bastards! I was sitting there shitting myself for half an hour waiting for you and you were probably fucking right on this seat!" said Tom, laughing just as hard, "It's alright, I actually really enjoyed myself. But I suppose I don't need to tell you guys that." All three smiled in silent confirmation, each personally reminiscing about the night.
Soon they pulled up to Tom's home, and Tom couldn't help but feel a pang of disappointment. Reluctantly he thanked them one last time, and opened the door to leave, saddened to hear about their 'one-and-done' rule.
"Wait Tom!"
Tom stopped and looked over at Steven, who sat now in thought, staring silently out the windscreen. He opened his mouth to say something but paused. He glanced over at Anna, who responded only with her perfect smile. He smiled back and continued,
"It's been great. But the night is still young, fancy drink at our place?"