ADULT CLOTHING SHOPS OF THE FLORIDA KEYS
Let me apologize for adding things here which are not exactly dress-up surprise games. However, they were games, Dollie and many people got surprises. This counts!!
Here I am, again jumping forward, this time to 2004. It was our long Florida Keys Summer getaway. So many fun kinky adventures during more than two months acting like tourists. As a matter of fact, we were tourists from Illinois transplanted to Florida.
I'll only write about three more Adult Book store type places. First one was directly across from the very first campground entrance where we stayed at Key Largo. Each time we left the campground, that Porn Shop teased us to cross the street.
On the way back from some swimming beach north of camp, we were on that side of the street. Dollie was wearing one of her two-small bikini tops, probably an "A" or "B" cup.
Yep, sexy clothing was advertised on sale. Dollie begged me to go inside. Found out they sold slightly used Strippers' clothes. Like how long do those things get worn anyway? Not thinking about this before, Strippers either trade, give away, or sell their outfits regularly. Being seen in the same ole gown or dress gets boring for the customers.
This stop was life changing for the both of us. Just inside the door, there was a poster advertising a contest... A PIMP & HO CONTEST.Never heard of such a thing but were told all about it without asking. In fact the two pretty sexy lookin young lady sales clerks insisted we enter it.
(Ya ever notice, gals workin in Adult Centers, ladies wear shops, and other places like that always seem to be hot lookin babes dressed to thrill?)
An easy first place win, they kept saying, staring at Dollie's titties! So, I guess this meant I looked like a Pimp and Dollie a whore!! No, they said. She just looks like a winner!
Yes, we did know what the names stood for! But a contest? Dollie bought some sleazy slutty stripper clothing of some sort and we bought a few naughty souvenir statues. Thanked the gals for the information and left.
I believe the contest was the end of June or first part of July. I remember us still being camped along the Gulf watching fireworks, before or after the contest.
But, we only had reservations till a few days before whatever the date was for the contest. Even at that, we had to move to three more different campgrounds since I hadn't reserved early enough. We could only get two weeks maximum in State Parks anyway.
This has nothing to do with a dress-up surprise yet. Back at the campground, Dollie tried on whatever Stripper apparel she'd bought across the street. Oddly, I can't really remember the items. (So many wild days...So long ago!)
But I do remember her looking hot in them. So hot she had to go back across to the Porn Store-souvenir shop- clothing joint, whatever-- to show those young women who had been braggin on Dollie lookin good. I went to get nuther peek at their cleavage! More so now, they insisted we check into the Pimp & Ho contest at the Holiday Isle Resort.
Those young women also insisted Dollie try on a few more outfits. They'd sell them to her cheap if they fit. The first things were dirt cheap already so why not? As Dollie went into and out of the changing room, a small crowd seemed to gather, men and women.
A few of those Stripper garments didn't fit well and Dollie walked out with her tits or too much butt cheeks exposed. Surprised me and others. So I guess this counts.
Got some more sex clothes she didn't need-- or have room for. Plus got leads on other Adult Porn type shops and specialty apparel shops that also sold discount Stripper clothing.
Unlike those Adult book stores in the Mid-West, many of those in the Florida Keys also sold and rented costumes for Fantasy Fest and events like the Pimp & Ho contest.
In between seeing the sites, riding the glass-bottom boats, and more, Dollie went wild trying on and buying clothing... again that we had no room for in the van or RV.
Okay, I miscalculated... This may involve more than three more Adult type shops. Seemed to be many from Key Largo to Key West. Each place we went there were signs advertising that Pimp & Ho contest. Those posters were even in bars in Key West!
Also seemed like every employee and shopper of every kinky shop told us we should enter the silly contest. We'd win easy! Some of this may have been the fact Dollie was wearing the tiniest bikini top or blouse she could keep her boobs in... (most of the time)... or some other tit and ass showing outfit.
At this time she was lookin sexy. At least that's what we were told. But give a drunk a marguerite and they'll tell ya anything.I was seeing hundreds of sexy little ladies that looked far nicer. Every one was a winner!
I'm not sure what kind of communication system they use down there. But Dollie was being greeted on a first-name basis, as we wandered farther south to those Adult Clothing shops, Video-Book stores, and honky tonks. Most employees begged us to enter that silly contest.
Wanna know why? It wasn't till we were camped at Long Key State Park that we found out why. Again, there, we were encouraged to stay long enough for the contest. Seems like we ran out of camping nites only a day or two before the stinkin contest.
That still ain't telling you why many people wanted us to enter that Pimp & Ho contest. I say US cause I was the Pimp part... Actually I was just there. A mannequin coulda did my part.
Here is what we were often told by the locals.
Most women who enter those contests, especially this one, are young small breasted girls who don't actually show much skin. But, there are many middle aged men and old men in the audience to gawk. Like me, most like women with some meat on their bones... and bare HOOTERS. Dollie fit that description well.
As added encouragement, we were told by those shop keepers, campground personnel, bartenders, barmaids, tourists at the Resort where the event would be, even the cute female activity director and security there,... and many half-drunk happy tourists... like us... that they'd be yelling, whistling, clapping for us if we entered the stinkin contest! Damned that seemed like half the people on the Keys!!
But more surprises. We continued to stop in those Adult Centers and costume specialty shops. Dollie continued trying on naughty type clothes and walkin right out of the dressing rooms to model.
Dollie's titties continued slippin out to surprise us all. Even at some famous bars on Duval Street, and other Keys hangouts, Dollie would continue surprising me. We had a Chevy van... now loaded with her sexy clothes. Dollie often changed as I drove, or while parked at various tourist attractions. I never knew what to expect! Surprise!
Alright, one more. It is kinda sorta different, yet not! By now most of you figured Dollie is a discount buyin clothes freak. I enjoy it for the entertainment value.
Soooooo, we stop at another Discount Shop. Kind of a Salvation Army-Thrift Store type place. Other junk, but it's kinky clothes Dollie is always after. She never lets me buy old black and white TV's, broken cassette players, or other neat old stuff!
There is a bus load of Downs Syndrome people and others of that type in there, lookin around. I'm not sure if any of them have ever seen bare tits or ass cheeks before! But they seemed to like what Dollie was showin them every time she came out of the changing room with something skimpy on... or partially on. These were some of the friendliest people you'd want to meet. They were helping Dollie find more clothes, helping hold the door, helping her put her titties back in place... helping!
It all ended when those in charge of the group decided it was time for them to load up the bus and depart! They didn't seem to think their group should be seeing a partially naked older woman. Even the clerks were getting a laugh and a thrill out of this show. Yep, surprise!
Okay, one more... Aaaaaaw! We were in an upscale expensive ladies wear shop on Duval Street Key West. It was ran by the cutest friendliest three lesbians you'd ever want to meat--- meet! They insisted Dollie try on some very wild kinky clothes, many tops shear or mesh. Don'tcha just love those kinds of women?
After physically dressing Dollie many times, they began ringing up umpteen super expensive garments. I repeatedly told them we'd think about it. After what seemed like hours, with lots of other customer approval on how Dollie looked, we left ... empty handed. Sales clerks, recipes in hand, lookin sort of pouty. I told the clerks to just put the bags under the counter and we may return later. Yea right!
There's more... But enough of this for now. What about that damned Pimp & Ho contest?