We live in a neighborhood that has trails that run all through it. It is a great place to walk as you don't have to worry about cars, especially when I walk with my dog. I usually take my dog for a walk 2-3 times a week, depending on the weather.
Due to the economy there are a few houses that have been abandoned for quite a while. Generally the yard is a mess and if there is a pool it is green. I was out a few weeks ago and noticed that one of these houses seemed to be cleaned up. The yard was mowed and the pool was not green anymore. I guess someone finally bought this house. A few days later I noticed that there was furniture in the house and on the porch. I was happy as that could do nothing but help our property values in the area. This was all good but what was about to happen was even better.
I was walking a couple of days later and while walking by this house looked over into their living room. What I saw shocked me. A man had a woman bent over the couch and was furiously fucking her. They hadn't bothered to close the shades and quite the opposite they were wide open and the room was lit up like a Christmas tree. It was almost like they wanted people to watch.
I quickly backed up so that I was partially hidden by a tree and just watched them and was mesmerized. He was grabbing her hair and pulling her back and slamming his cock into her pussy. Although the doors and windows were closed you could hear him groaning and her screaming. By this time I was getting aroused myself and after a few minutes he must have cum because he just collapsed on top of her. They both looked out the back window, I think expecting someone to be watching. Because I was behind a tree they did not see me and I actually think there was a look of disappointment from them.
The next couple of times I went walking, which was every day now, my heart was racing a mile a minute as I came upon their house. Unfortunately, I did not see them. I was so disappointed. However the third day I went walking, as I approached their house, I could hear them going at it. This time I decided that if they wanted to be watched, I would make sure they knew I was there. I looked straight into their door and they were on the couch her on her back. Ankles on his shoulders and he was ramming his cock into her pussy. Again after a couple of minutes my loins started to ache. It was about this time that he turned his head and looked straight at me. She then turned towards me and smiled. I didn't know if I was embarrassed or just excited but this was such a turn on. He then started back ramming his cock in her and in a couple of minutes collapsed on top of her. They both looked at me smiled and then she winked at me. I smiled and headed straight home where I furiously masturbated thinking of the scene I had just witnessed. Tammy, my wife, was going to be home tomorrow and I decided she was going for a walk with me. I was hoping that they would be at it again and I wanted to see her reaction.
The next day I was anxiously going about my day. Tammy had an appointment to have a manicure and pedicure and I requested she get her toes painted bright red. She didn't disappointment. When she got home I had an instant hard on looking at her perfectly manicured feet and bright red toes. I was so horny and wanted to fuck her right then but I had a mission.
"Baby," I said. "Want to go for a walk?"
"Sure," she said. "Give me a few minutes to make sure my toes are dry before I put my shoes on."
A few minutes later she came out and said, "Ready?"
She had no idea how ready I was.
We started out our walk and was making the usual small talk. Kids, Jobs, etc. But my mind was somewhere else. As we approached the house I was really nervous. Would they be there? Would Tammy be repulsed if they were? Should I have told her about them? My mind raced.
As we reached the edge of their property the first question was answered. I could hear her screaming, "Fuck me baby with you big cock!"
I think Tammy heard it because she looked at me with a quizzical look. When we got to that back of the house we both looked in and saw them. He was seated on the couch and she was on his cock in a reverse cowgirl position.
Tammy looked at me and said, "Oh My God!" I expected for her to look away and keep walking but she just stared at them.
"I think they want to be watched," I said.
We continued to look at her bouncing on his cock with her tits flopping every time she did. I looked at Tammy and saw that she was touching her breasts. She was as turned on as I was! My cock was fully engorged as I watched them.
After a minute the girl looked up and saw us. She smiled, winked and with her finger motioned us to come closer.
Tammy looked at me and said, "Should we?"
"Yes," I said. "They like to be watched."
"How do you know that?" she demanded.
"Because I have watched them before," I said.
I grabbed her hand and went through the gate. For a minute we just stood at the back door and watched. After a minute the woman looked at us and mouthed, "Come in."
We opened the door and the smell of sex was everywhere. I could see that his cock was glistening with her juices and every time she went down we could hear the slurp of her pussy grabbing his cock.
"Do you...like...watching?" she said between every stroke.
"Yes," I said.
She looked at Tammy and said, "And...you?"
I looked at Tammy and she was beet red. She was also touching herself. "Yes," she moaned.
"We like...watching...too," the woman said.
Then she looked straight at me and said, "Fuck her!"
I looked at Tammy and I swear to God that she was already halfway out of her clothes. I was ripping my clothes off as fast as I could and before I could get everything off Tammy was completely naked. She laid on the other half of the sofa, put her legs in the air and said, "Fuck me Larry!"
I didn't need to be told twice. I grabbed her ankles, put them over my shoulder and shoved my engorged cock into her pussy. She was as wet as I have ever seen her. I began thrusting my cock into her pussy at a furious rate. She was moaning and lifting up to meet my thrusts. Every so often she would look at the other couple and then her eyes would roll back into her head. I was ramming my cock into her pussy as hard as I could and she looked at me and screamed, "Fuck me harder! Fuck my pussy!"
After a minute she started to scream and I recognized the look. She was about to have an orgasm. When Tammy orgasms, she literally pushes me off with her legs and squirts everywhere. And that's exactly what happened. She gushed all over their couch soaking everything. After she was done I noticed the other couple had stopped and was looking at us.
"Does she squirt like that all the time," the woman said.
"Yep," I said.
"That was sooooo hot," she said.
She started to bounce on his cock and it wasn't 30 seconds later he started groaning. I could see the semen rolling out of her pussy on his cock. Meanwhile I was furiously ramming my cock in Tammy's pussy and the sight of them sent me over the edge. I felt it building and with a blast I dumped my load into Tammy's pussy and collapsed on top of her.
I think we were all totally spent. Without a word Tammy and I got up and got dressed. I noticed some of my cum rolling down her legs into her shoes. We turned to leave when Tammy turned around and said, "Thank you."
"No," the woman said. "Thank you."
As we opened the door the woman said, "See you next time."
I don't even know their names.