"Aah! Th-Thank you...!" she half groaned, half squeaked out from between her lips. Unsatisfied with her response, I quickly brought up my arm and listened as the old-fashioned ruler cut through the air and loudly smacked down across the girl's exposed rear end.
"Thank you, what?" My voice firm, even though the sight of the wood striking her bare flesh was almost as arousing as her helpless capitulation to me, she could not tell it from my voice. Nor could she see the desire on my face or the effect her reactions were having on me. Bent over her desk, her khaki trousers were yanked down to her knees, exposing her rear end, and her white panties were pulled up tightly between her ass cheeks, dividing the soft, smooth flesh into two globes, ready, waiting to be beaten.
"Thank you.. s-s-SIR!" she almost whispered until I smacked her ass with the ruler again. Her last word almost a shout as the wood struck her ass. Nervously, she looked out the open the door of her office into the nearly dark, pre-dawn hallway. She had to know that this early, while it was improbable that anyone would see, it was not, however, impossible.
"Waiting for an audience girl? Hoping someone will come along and see you bent over your desk, ass exposed and covered in red marks..." I bent down near her face and grabbed a handful of her blonde and red-streaked brown hair, whispering into her ear and trying to keep my own breathing calm, measured, over the rapid beating of my heart. "...listening to you moan like a whore, following every order like a trained animal?"
My heart jumped as I heard her breath catch, knowing she was thinking about the answer. She was asking herself if thatwaswhat she wanted, asking not if someone would come by and stop this humiliating display, but if they would stop and watch, or if they'd want to help...to join in. I smiled and decided not to give her the chance to decide as I quickly smacked her ass again and again with the ruler before I pulled back on her hair, tilting her head back so I could see her face. Her moan said she enjoyed the pain and left her lips deliciously parted. I didn't need to tell her how that pleased me. "Am I going to get answer, girl?" the threat implied in my tone. I admit, I was curious as to what her answer would be.
When it came, it was stammered and soft. I was right next to her lips and could not hear more than a few words, but I could see the mixed emotions in her eyes. Disbelief and shock at the truth of her answer, and something else, an honest, filthy desire to submit, even to the humiliation of being seen by her colleagues. I let my pleasure show through my grin as I whipped the ruler against her ass, my hand shaking a little at the sight and sound of it. Wood on a lush ass is a fucking symphony when done right. She needed no prompting to answer properly this time, although he answer stuttered out between ruler slaps. "I'm afraid... someone will come along... and stop you."
My eyes narrowed as my grin curled into a truly wicked smile. I dragged the metal edge of the ruler up and down along the curve of her ass, tracing over the lines of the pink welts forming on her milky white flesh. I'd left several as I spanked my willing fucktoy, and we weren't done yet. I whipped the ruler now with frenzied speed, sure in the knowledge that she was enjoying this as much as I was, and that I had made the right choice in choosing her.
That brought me pause, and I stopped for a moment to ponder, all the while rubbing the ruler back and forth over her rear and ignoring her moans and heavy breathing. I wondered at what moment I'd declared this girl to be mine. Months of conversation, teasing and sharing. Intimate details laid bare. Then, I had decided weeks ago that it was time, that I would take her, make her beg for me to give her pleasure. But until that moment, until just now, I had not thought of this fucktoy, this girl, as my property, nor had I realized how much I would enjoy that thought. Watching her as she remained facing the door as I gripped her hair in my hand and rubbed her exposed ass lightly with the ruler, I also realized she wanted to be mine. She didn't just want to be dominated, to be humiliated and shown for the whore she always knew she was, but was afraid to be. She wantedmeto do it. She wanted to memywhore.
I hadn't realized I let my grasp slacken around her hair as my mind wandered until she turned to look at me, catching what must have appeared as a thoughtful expression on my face.
"Sir?" The word was hesitant at first, spilling uneasily from her lips. The next time it was more sure, more certain. "Sir...have I done something wrong?"
That simple question was enough to shake me from my internal reverie, and enough to let me know her desires. She didn't ask to stop, didn't ask if I was done, but rather if she had done something wrong, something to displease me. Her overwhelming need to please and serve me shone crystal clear in her eyes.
I shook my head and fully released her hair. "Not today you haven't, girl." I grinned as I soflty turned her gaze from mine and made her face the office door once again. I stood up straight behind her and smiled as I assaulted her ass with the ruler, again and again and again. I watched the flat ruler strike white flesh, red marks forming shortly after each strike until her whole ass was a pleasingly hot shade. My new toy's sounds turned from quiet gasps to high-pitched whines as she started to push her ass back, anticipating the coming pleasure-pain from each swing of the ruler, and I was more than happy to oblige. I switched from ruler to bare hand, wanting no barrier between us and almost moaning myself as I let my hand alternately strike and caress her hot, welted flesh.
"AAH! Yessssss...thank you SIR!" she bit out as flesh struck flesh. As her cries changed in pitch once again, I lashed out and struck her other cheek with the flat of my palm, and she nearly convulsed against the desk, shaking as I hit the squarely over the mass of marks from the ruler. I stopped abruptly, reached down and grabbed a handful of her rear end, squeezing and massaging it roughly, glorying in her lustful moans. Her cheeks were beautiful: all red welts and handprints. And still, she pushed her ass back into my hands, wordlessly begging for more.
I was almost ready to oblige her as I looked down, ass twitching in the air. She could so easily manipulate me if I allowed. That thought was enough to pull me back. I stepped back and looked down at her, letting her feel the absence of me for a moment. This time, her head did not turn. She remained, panting slighting, waiting.
"Stand up, girl." Hesitatingly she pushed herself up off the desk and stood up straight in front of me, blinking at the abrupt change I looked up and down, admiring the body of the girl I'd chosen: her purple lace was bra pushed up over heavy breasts; her thick nipples, the lightest shade of pink I'd ever seen, stood stiff from being rubbed against the surface of the desk; her open blouse showed a shapely figure that screamed, 'I overindulge and I fucking like it'; above, her hair fell just past her shoulders and framed a face I'd dreamed about cumming on ever since we'd met—God, those fucking plump lips and cute nose were the stuff of face-painting dreams! Her pants fell almost comically down around her ankles now, and her panties, still riding her ass, clung tightly, splitting her bald pussy lips just as they did her backside. I knelt and tugged them down roughly to her knees. Their dampness kept them trapped against her skin. Gazing upwards, I saw her sweet lips, glistening with her juices, and I swore I could see new moisture forming before me. I stood, letting her take in my wicked grin and listening to her labored breathing. I felt her hot breath puff against my chest as I stepped forward, nearly touching her, close enough to feel her heat. She stood still and uneasy, half undressed in front of me, her ass raw from the beating I had administered, and I knew for certain she was all mine.
I reached out and dragged my fingers suddenly up along her exposed slit, reveling in her shocked gasp. Teasing her flesh with a touch as I stroked lightly up and down, one lip then the other. Just enough to dampen my fingers before bringing them. Her light scent rose from my fingers as I showed them to her.
"So wet. Already coating your pussy, already dripping off of your whoring body. Did you enjoy being exposed, being spanked until you were ready to cum?" At first she nodded, then answered with a weak 'yes Sir' when I scowled my displeasure. Her face had become almost nearly as red as her ass had been. "You really are a slut. Allowing a man to force you over your desk in your own office, to strip your pants and spank you. Letting him grab your shaved little cunt. You were waiting for this. You were waiting for someone to come and take you." I stepped closer, grabbed her chin with my pussy-damp hand and forced her look at me. "You were waiting for me."
I watched the words hit her hard, watched her absorb them. She was blushing even more as she tried nod again, but finding herself unable to move in my firm grasp, answered aloud instead, her gaze on mine: "I was waiting for You, Sir." She licked her lips, but continued softly, "I belong to You."
At this heart-felt declaration I moved my hand, stuck my cunt-slick fingers into her mouth, and felt them vibrate when she moaned deeply. I rubbed them in and out, over her tongue, and without prompting, without being told, she begin to lick and suck them like a cock. Her tongue slid up and down over them, swirled around and between them as she sucked every drop of her pussy juices from them and then teased them with the tip of her tongue. I let her suckle, enjoying her oral ministrations, my hard cock twitching eagerly in the confines of my pants, before pulling them out and pushing her back against her desk, forcing her to sit on it. My new pet cried out as her hot, welted ass touched the cool surface. Not stopping I forced her all the way back, yanking her pants the rest of the way off but leaving her panties where they were. My slut needed a demonstration of her new ownership, and I couldn't wait to show her.
I stood up and looked down at the ball-achingly erotic sight of her, but my eyes were drawn inexorably to that sweet slit between her legs: her glistening pussy streaming its wetness down her lips and onto the desk; her engorged clit just starting to peek from its hood, such a dark and inviting pink. She lay back, looking up at me, and waiting so submissively to see what I would do to her next that the heady feeling of dominance over her nearly made me lightheaded. I could make her wait as long as I wanted, but the blood pounding through my cock urged me to action.
One hand on the desk near her hips, I reached the other over and once again grasped the ruler.
"Spread your legs for me, girl." The color rising again in her cheeks, she bit her bottom lip nervously, but nodded and leaned up slightly, reaching for the panties at her knees. I smacked her hand lightly with the ruler when her fingers touched her underwear. Shocked, she drew her hands back, trying to figure out how to comply without removing her panties. She forced her legs open as wide she could, stretching her panties between them and whimpering as she shifted on her recently abused ass.
I clenched my jaw again the evil grin threatening to break through because I knew that soon her ass would be the last thing on her mind. I brought the ruler up and pushed the flat of it down against her cunt, slowing increasing the pressure, watching her lips bulge around its edges. Her eyes went wide as I began to rub it up and down along her slit. Rubbing and grinding it across her lips and clit as she started to writhe and softly moan again. As I applied more and more pressure, her eyes closed and she leaned her head back, hips circling up to meet me. When I could see she was lost to the pleasure, eyes tightly shut and mouth gaping, I flicked my wrist and smacked her pussy with the ruler.
Shocked eyes opened wide and met mine, looked down at my hand and the ruler and then returned to mine. Quickly, I did it again, not breaking eye contact.Thwack!She almost hopped up off the desk as I once again rubbed and slid the ruler up and down along her slit again, coating it in her juices before repeating the action.Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!
"Uuuuuhhhhh goooooooodddddddd....." she drawled out as I assaulted her cunt the way I had her ass. She was bucking up wanting to meet the ruler as I alternated taps and smacks over her lips, her opening. I said nothing as I paused, pushed the flat of the ruler into her, firm pressure over clit. There seemed to be no stopping her now as she cried out with pleasure. I quickly brought the fingers of my left hand up and simply shoved two of them into her... pushing... pumping...curling them up into her pussy as I smacked the ruler down, spanking her cunt and her clit equally.
Her hands flailed as she grabbed out helplessly—at me, at my forearm, at something—but it only served to make her flail and grind her ass, still raw and so sensitive from its beating, into the desk. There were no words as I thrust a third finger into her. She wailed like a banshee now, shaking as I pumped and taunted and fucked her with my fingers and spanked her with the ruler. Her cunt began to flutter around my fingers, so close to cumming, and that was when I froze. That got her attention.
"Wha.. what... what is it... Sir? Did I... have I done something wrong?"
I grinned as I lifted the ruler off and pulled my fingers slowly out of her pussy until only the tips remained, playing at the entrance. "You. Don't. Cum. Not until I say you can." She gulped and nodded quickly as I stared at her.
"Yes, Sir." Her voice was meek, frustrated passion making her eyes burn, but she would obey. She wouldn't dare not to. I started again, pumping and thrusting my fingers into her, breathing hard as I felt my own cock straining against my pants, wanting release. I denied myself even as I denied her. I kept her on edge, her cunt sucking my fingers as surely as her lips had, reveling in the juices dripping down to my wrist, stopping every time she got close, bringing her ungodly close only to leave her unfulfilled. She was so damned stubborn, forcing me to start and stop over and over I until finally she gave me what I'd been longing to hear: "PLEASE!! Oh GOD PLEEEEEEASE, SIR!!!" she begged, the words going to straight to my cock.
"Please what?" I pushed, lightly tapped her pussy with the nearly forgotten ruler.
"Please... " she panted. "Please.. please let me cum! Let me cum for You, Sir!"
"Are you asking me to let my new fucktoy have her release? To let my little slut cum before I'm ready to let her?"
Her eyes went wide as I showed mock disapproval in my tone and my expression. I had yet to train her but she was already picking up the signs so quickly. She would be an exceptional pet.
"YES! Please let this slut cum!!!" I started to withdraw my fingers from her slick heat again, and the minx tilted her hips and clenched around them to keep them inside. Fuck, she was gorgeous.
"Why? What do I get?" I asked, feigning disinterest while my racing heart beat in anticipation of her answer.
She stopped clenching, trembling before me, almost totally lost to the lust, and heart-stoppingly vulnerable. For a moment I could see her trying to puzzle out if this was a trap, wondering if there was a right or wrong answer. I saw it play across her face, but knew the eventual outcome. After all, she was already mine.
"ANYTHING!" she whispered harshly, the word torn from her very soul. "I'll do anything, Sir!"
I nodded, slowly started picking up the pace of my finger fucking. "Reach over, unzip my pants and take out my cock, girl. You'll find that watching your abuse has made me quite hard."
She quickly followed my command, groaning with pleasure and pain as she forced herself up on my fingers and rocked over the welts on her ass. Grabbing at the button, yanking down my zipper and almost savagely parting the material, she stopped, shocked, as she saw I wore no underwear. I hadn't worn any in anticipation of today, of this moment, knowing that when the time came I would be mad to feel her. With nothing else barring her way, she wrapped her soft fingers around my shaft and pulled it out, stroking, squeezing it as she looked between my cock and my face.
"Make it slick, slut. I want it as wet as your cunt."
I watched her shudder at the command, and sat up fully, she opened her mouth and leaned forward. I dropped the ruler to the desk to hold the back of her head while my other hand still fingered cunt. She grunted as she was at first only able to suck and flick her tongue out against my cockhead due to the awkward position. She was not to be deterred from following my instructions, and I twitched feeling her tongue rubbing, sliding around the helmet of my cock, waiting for her to..."UNGH!" She managed to shift herself and suck the length of my shaft into her moist mouth in a single stroke. The texture of her tongue sliding and riding up and down my erection as she sucked made the cum churn in my balls. I gritted my teeth, fighting my own desire to cum down her throat, to fill her mouth to the brim and watch her swallow my seed down like that willing slut she was.
I would. I would do that and more but not here, not yet. The day was just starting and our time together would soon be interrupted by anyone walking through the halls although this early, the chances were still slim. I didn't care much. In fact, with the way she sucked and worked my cock—steady pressure as she bobbed, tilting her head from side to side—I didn't care about much else at all right then, but I had no desire to see either of us fired over this. With a grunt of disappointment, I wrapped her hair in my hand and pulled her suctioning mouth off my cock. Looking down I saw her tongue lewdly shoot from her mouth to lick at my tip, a trail of spit connected the two as I pushed her up and back to once more lean against the desk.
Her frustration mirrored mine, but not for long as I stepped closer, grabbing my spit slick cock in my hand and quickly, suddenly swinging my aching cock like a small club and smacking it down against her reddened, puffy slit. The two of us moaned as my heat touched hers. I stroked my cock as I smacked and beat her cunt with it. Smacking, jerking, spanking, beating against her over and over as she writhed and moaned on her desk, my knuckles rubbing between her spread lips. Feeling my cum-heavy sac contract beneath me, I reached up and grabbed her shoulder, speaking through gritted teeth: "Cum, slut! Cum for me NOW! Coat my fucking cock with your fuckjuices you little whore! Show me how a good little fuckslut cums for her Master!" Her hands flew to her pussy eagerly, one rubbing and stroking my cock against her pussy lips, while the other rubbed and pinched her clit furiously. I was too lost in the erotic sense of the moment to bother with propriety.
"Unh.. unh... oh.. ohgod...OHGOD.. yesyesyeyesyes.. th—thank you.. oh god thank you SIRRRRRRR!!!" her loud shout echoed down the hall, her pussy gushed as she came, cream flooding down over my fingers and the back my cock as I stroked myself, watching her convulse and flood us both. Her juices dripping down the desk and onto the floor, she kept cumming as she pressed my cock against her, her firm little clit dragging catching against my rim. I grunted and nodded in encouragement, breathing deeply and holding myself in check, watching her covetously as she used my cock to get herself off. After moments she calmed enough that her hand on my cock loosened, but seeing I had still not cum, still hadn't rammed my cock into her cum-slick cunt and fucked my new toy as she suspected I would, she eyed me in confusion.
Instead, I reached down for the panties now around her calves and tugged them off. I wrapped them around my cock and began to rub my cock with them, rubbing her panties into my pussyjuice- and spit-slick erection. I groaned and did my best to wrap them over the tip of my cock. I jerked and squeezed and frantically beat myself off into her panties with one hand, keeping her legs spread with the other, the sight of her abused cunt still oozing her juices spurring me on.
Her eyes were wide, watching me jerk off, her cuntlips twitching and still red and puffy from the ruler beating and her own orgasm. I bit down almost biting through my tongue as I growled, balls pulling up and spasming as I finally allowed my hot cum to shoot from my cock. I came so fucking hard, moaning her name aloud as I filled the gusset of her panties with my seed, flooding them, and she moaned with me, never taking her eyes off my cock, my orgasm sparking an aftershock in her. "For you, slut," I grunted, stroking one final time from root to tip and catching the last droplet of cum in her cum-flooded panties. Some was already dripping off. I had to hurry.
"Stand up, my slut, and put my cock away." Shakily, she pushed herself off her desk and rose to her feet, one hand on the desk to brace herself. She waivered but remained standing. She tucked my cock into my pants, squeezing it briefly before zipping and buttoning up up my pants. I knelt and held her cum-filled panties wide, motioning for her to step into them. I slowly slid her panties up, admiring how some of my cum leaked out and left a snail trail along her inner thighs and up to her pussy. I tugged them up over her hips and made sure they were snug against her ass and cunt, sliding my fingers over the wet material, smiling at seeing the huge wet stain directly over her pussy. She twitched, feeling my fingers grind into her still sensitive pussy. I stepped back and licked at my fingers, savoring the flavor of our combined juices. "Now, put on your pants."
It was slow going, her shaking hands not helping the process, but she eventually had her pants up and fastened. I stepped forward and helped her tug her bra down, tweaking her nipples to her chagrin as I adjusted her breasts in the cups. I laughed at that, and kissed the tip of her nose. I buttoned her blouse, tucking it into her pants with only a little fondling. Finally, I pushed her hair back from her flushed face, wrapping my arms around her and kissing her fiercely, shoving my tongue into her mouth as I pushed her ass back against the desk. She whimpered, but eagerly returned the kiss, taking our taste into her mouth. I pulled from her lips reluctantly to look at her, hand cupping the back of her neck to tilt her head back so that I could meet her eyes.
"When I see you again, girl, I'm going to take you. I'm going to fuck you, cum in you, on you, watch you drink me down, spank your ass, your tits, your cunt, ..." I nearly groaned in anticipation, but exerted self-control and took a deep breath before I continued, voice deep with passion. "You are mine, girl."
She nodded, wide eyes unblinking, locked with mine. I squeezed the back of her neck roughly, watching her eyes dilate and her lips part on a gasp.
"What do you say, slut?"
"Yes, please, Sir. Thank you, Sir!" Her eyes crinkled as she smiled prettily up at me, her gaze nothing short of adoring. "I can't wait."
"The rest of the day, you will wear your panties filled with my cum pressed against that dirty pussy of yours. At lunch, you will spend 10 minutes touching yourself, rubbing my cum into your pussy, remembering what I just did to you, but you will NOT cum, girl. Tonight, you will drive to my house. I will strip you, bathe you, and we will complete your initiation." I watched her dreamy expression become questioning, and I answered before she could ask. "When it is done, you will call me Master, little one. You will be mine, body and soul."
She blinked, I could see her turning the idea, the term over in her mind. Little did she know that the decision had already been made. She had made her choice when she allowed me to come here this morning, to use her in her office, to mark her with my cum. The rest was mere formality. Within moments, it was clear she'd come to the same conclusion.
"I will be yours. All of me." She smiled peacefully, content to be mine, and I felt that peace and a sense of rightness seep into me.
I kissed her again, this time softly, tenderly, my own thank you, before pulling away. "My girl." I growled as I stepped from her, watching her tremble slightly, weak without me to lean on. "Now, you will see me soon, my toy, but we've both got some work to do." At that, I winked, I turned and left her office, head already filled with plans for what I would do to her to complete my slave's training tonight.