All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica.
I received eighteen comments on 'Becky the Nude Model' I want to say that any anonymous derogatory remarks are written by cowards. Put your big boy or girl pants on and take credit for your comments! All the other remarks I thank the people that like my prose's and didn't. As I have said many times, I write for my pleasure about subjects I think the readers would like or subjects that are not covered very much. I was a construction worker not a English scholar and I guess my prose reflect this. This series is fiction based on some truth. One other thing I found when I read my last story some of the changes I made didn't take when it was published. I will get off my soapbox and continue!
This story is based on fact, but it is embellished with fiction. I leave it up to the reader to decide what is fact and fiction.
A continuation of 'Becky the nude model' As you may remember my wife was a teacher's assistant, and I was a construction supervisor. Unfortunately, my wife only modeled at the Artisan's one time, but I still wanted to know how my wife found the courage to model nude.
Over the months that followed my wife and I discussed extensively why she changed from shy wife to a nude model. She portrayed a modest mother of two who never walked around the house without a housecoat on. Most of the time she was fully clothed. Her bathing suits were one-piece full coverage garments.
"Becky how did you find the courage to model for figure studies at the Artisan's you're so modest?"
The following is a compilation of our conversations over many months.
"Tom to tell you the truth, I lost my modesty when I went through all the tests to have our son, with all the tests they did on me to conceive. I was nude most of the time when I went to the doctors. It was a pain to put the cover-ups on and take them off. So, after a while I just told them I didn't want the gown anymore everyone there saw me nude so what was the big deal. From then on, I walked from one test to the next in the nude. I even walked nude in the hallways and a lot of people saw me. It thrilled me the looks some of the men gave me! There were male technicians as well a female, some of them we knew. I didn't care about my nudity I just wanted to have children!" Becky explained and then asked. "Now I need to ask you a question. Do you like to see me nude in public? Tell me the truth."
"Yes, I do. Now I'm upset that I couldn't come with you to see you nude in front of the doctors and technicians." I said as I looked down at my hands, angry along with embarrassed. "That was my fantasy, and I was robbed of it." I thought.
My wife could see I was angry she felt bad about her confession after she realized how I felt. "Well I guess we'll just have to do something about your perverted proclivities my dear husband." She smiled as she gave me a very erotic kiss that curled my toes. My anger left and it was instant boner time!
The kids were in bed, it was late, my wife pushed me into a chair in the family room. She stepped back after the kiss while I recuperated from her lip lock. She did a striptease, Becky removed her top as she swayed to imaginary music. Threw the garment on the couch, she slid her slacks down, kicked off her shoes and threw her slacks on the couch. Turned and asked. "Could you help a woman in distress, help her remove her bra?"
I went to her, used my finger and thumb to pop the clips on her bra. She pulled the straps down on both arms sexily, with her back to me, and threw the intimate garment on the couch. Becky turned, used her hands for a hand bra as she asked. "What do you think so far, you like my outfit?"
"I would like it better if you took your panties off, while you were in front of a group of men. I want you spread in front of guys to let them look at the box I cum in."
Becky was excited until my last statement. "You really want me to let strangers look at my intimate area?" She asked embarrassed.
"It didn't faze you to show everyone your pussy at the doctors when I wasn't around." I countered.
Becky knew she would have to agree to be nude in public and let strangers see her to please me. "Hopefully, my show tonight will appease Tom for the time being." Becky thought.
Becky continued her striptease as she said. "Patience my dear lover, patience! We will get there." My wife said as she turned her back to me and slid one side of her panties down and then the other, a little at a time. It was very erotic to see her lower her panties slowly to expose her rosebud and pussy lips completely. She took a long time, it felt like an hour for her to have her panties hit the floor. She stepped out of them bent over with her legs spread to show me the most wonderful sight in the world. Her moist pussy lips and her brown star. I love when she was totally exposed in this way! She threw her panties to me to show how excited she was. They were soaked with her excitement!
I put a blanket on the floor, Becky laid down on her back with her legs spread wide and rubbed her pussy with need while I disrobed. I laid on my stomach with my head between her legs as I played with her pussy lips. I massaged her lady lips and opened up her intimate passage to my view. "Guys spend nine months getting out of the womb and the rest of their lives trying to get back in." I thought as I gazed at her moist, engorged, vaginal lips. Becky looked beautiful in her present pose. She moaned an invitation for me to continued.
I went closer, took one of her pussy lips between my lips, and sucked on it. "Oh, my gawd that feels ssssssooooooo goooddddddddd!" She whispered as she tried to push her pussy into my face.
I stuck my tongue in her open wet box and licked her clit. That did it. "Ah-ah-ah!" She came as I pushed my tongue deeper into her pussy. "Sooo Ggggooodddd!" She whispered. "Time to see if you can get back into the womb Tommy." She whispered with need.
I slid up over her prone body, kept my weight on my hands. She helped me find her hole that I cum in with her hand as I pushed forward. I slid in balls deep she was so wet. We were overcome with need and it only lasted a few minutes before we had a mutual orgasm. The sounds where a duo of grunts, groans, sighs and moans that signaled our releases.
I helped her up after we came down off our orgasmic high, we walked nude to our bedroom, I put on a tee my wife remained nude. We went to sleep content that night.
The company I worked for was taken over by the son of the owner, when the owner retired.
Formerly we used to retain the crafts people that were of high caliber, but with the new regime it was different. The son wanted to layoff anyone that we didn't need no matter who it was or for how long. So, to counter the drainage of excellent talent. Unbeknown to my boss, I started a side business in construction that didn't compete with the company I worked for, so I could put to work the high-quality Carpenters, Laborers, and Masons for the times that the company laid them off. I gave the men small jobs to do. A week to a month's work. I called back the men when I needed them. My office couldn't understand how I could get the labor needed without a problem.
With this in mind let me continue this segment:
I received a call in early March for a chimney repair two towns over from where I live, with directions to get there. The owners would only be there on the weekend, so I decided to meet them on Sunday afternoon. It so happened that our kids wanted to go to a movie at the mall, so we dropped them off, my wife, and I went to the site. She was my side kick, took notes, took photos, and made suggestions when needed.
We turned off route forty-three, onto the road the client described, it turned into a dirt road. It was mud season, so the road was a mess. We passed a few farms. At the end of the road there was an open gate and we were told to go to the red house on the property. I knew we were at the right place because the top half of the chimney was gone and on the ground were bricks. I took photos and then my wife and I went to the door. I knocked. It opened and there stood a nude man in the doorway.
My wife pulled the door closed in shock, but the man opened it again. He just laughed and said. "This is a nudist camp mam, but it's closed for the winter. Come in where it's warm."
He sat in a rocker, legs spread, pecker exposed!
We entered to find a woman who was a few years older than us reclined on the couch and you guessed it she was totally nude.
First things first:
I asked. "How come you didn't tell me this was a nudist camp on the phone."
The owner responded. "Because I called three contractors and when they found out this was a nudist camp they declined to come here. Now are you leaving also?"
"No, if we can do the job before you open. I don't have a problem. The hardest part of the job is the scaffolding."
As a side note the owner of the nudist camp. His name was Dick, big surprise, and he had a big one! My wife couldn't take her eyes off of his member, soft it went to his knee. He was a few years older than me. The lady was, introduced as Judy, Dick's wife. I found out later that she was a judge in Albany NY. She was easy on the eyes. She had a figure similar to my wife, with a bigger bottom. Dark brown hair.
When we left the camp, I told my wife. "I would like to see you on the couch like Judy and let some of my friends see you nude."
"I bet you would! You are a pervert you know that!" Was the response I got with a smile from her.
We picked up the kids and ate at the mall. After the kids went to bed we went to the family room, my wife asked. "Do you really want to see me nude in front of your friends?" Her voice sounded scared, but with curiosity.
I was surprised by her question. "Why do you ask that."
"Just curious, but I don't think you love me anymore when you want me to be nude in front of people. I thought that I was only supposed to show you all of me. It was something special between a man and a wife. I didn't think I had to show the whole world what I look like nude. I was taught it was a sin to show my body in public."
I became upset and said. "It's okay to walk around naked when you wanted to have kids and everyone saw you nude, but now you don't want to do that for me."
"You don't understand I had to do that to have kids, you don't know what I had to go through and the pain the tests caused me. You just want to show me off. I don't think you love me anymore.
"I'm sorry Becky, you didn't tell me about the pain you went through, but It's not like that Becky, I'm proud of you and want to show you off in all your naked glory. You did say you lost your modesty when you had our son, so I'm giving you the go ahead to indulge in some exhibitionism as long as I can be with you. You said you were thrilled when men saw you nude in the halls at the doctors, so I want you to relive that with me present"
There was a long silence. "You do work hard for our family and if you want me to do this for you I will." She said in a terrified submissive whisper.
"Becky, it doesn't work like that for me. You come to me when you want to be nude in front of my friends. It will be your decision. I love you too much to force you to do anything you're uncomfortable with my dear." I said as I took her in my arms, kissed her as I started to undress her in our family room.
She didn't stop me but helped with her exposure. I removed her blouse, unhooked her bra. She shrugged it off as we continued to make-out. She was hot, her nipples were extended, and the size of large-round erasures. I unbuttoned her slacks, she arose off the seat, so I could pull them off, with her shoes. She stood up, skimmed her panties down, and laid on the couch with her legs spread. I made out with her as I finger fucked her pussy. Becky was a swamp her scent almost made me cum in my pants!
"I want to model for Bill." Becky moaned as I tickled her fancy with my fingers. "AAAHHH III'MM CCUUMMIINNG." She hollered loudly, and then there was banging on the floor above us.
"You guys are like two rabbits!" We heard from our son whose room was right above us.
We both started to laugh. "I guess it's better for our kids to hear us having sex than fighting." I said and that brought a giggle from Becky.
After we calmed down from our copulation I asked. "Becky, you said you want to model for Bill. Was that just in the heat of the moment or do you still feel that way."
She looked down at her hands embarrassed. "I still feel that way now."
"Why do you want to model for Bill?"
"I hope you're not going to be mad if I tell you." Becky said in a small, frightened voice as she wrung her hands. She couldn't look at me.
After all of Becky's rhetoric I finally found the truth!
"I liked being the only person nude in the room. I found this out when I modeled for the Artisans. I want to feel that way again."
"I'm not mad at you I'm proud that you have the courage to tell me what you need to feel good about yourself. My dear I love you more now. Bill and I will help you to accomplish what you need to feel good about yourself. You're a beautiful woman, but you don't realize it."
Becky looked at me with passion in her eyes I have never seen before. "I need you in me, Tom." Her voice dripped with the passion that I saw in her eyes.
I dropped my garments from the waist down and climbed between her spread legs. I needed to control my passion so I could get my gorgeous wife off again before I blew my wad. I used one arm to support myself and the other hand I rubbed on the top of her pussy to stimulate her clit, as I sawed in and out of her pussy. It was a feat that I wasn't sure I could continue for too long.
I needn't worried because. "I'm cuumminngg!" She moaned into my arm to stifle her voice, and clamped her legs around me to pull me as far as she could into her box.
I blew my load just as I heard her. "I'm there with UUUUUUUUUUUU." I groaned softly.
Sated for the time being I sat back I was only about twelve inches from her pussy and at eye level as I sat on the floor. Becky put her one leg on my shoulder, and I took in the lovely sight before me, her just fucked box. Her lady lips were parted they didn't close up her intimate passage yet. It was moist and pink. She looked beautiful. Her scent was that of a thoroughly satisfied woman.
As I looked into my wife's totally exposed intimate beauty and lovingly rubbed her vaginal lips together, I continued. "Becky I will call Bill and tell him you want to model, but you will have to call him to get the details. I want you to be fully aware of what modeling for Bill's group will entail."
"What do you mean Bill's group? I thought I was just going to model for him."
"That's why you have to talk to him, Becky."
I took her hand, and we went up to bed.
Anyway, we figured up the chimney job gave Dick a price and we started the middle of March with two carpenters, two laborers and two masons. The work was done in two weekends. It was a major chimney reconstruction. The owner was happy and paid us in full the day we finished.
After we finished the chimney job, my wife was anxious to model:
I called Bill when I was at work. He answered. "Hi, Bill this is Tom, how are you doing.
"I'm Good, how can I help you, Tom."
"The reason for my call, Becky wants to model for you, but she will call you I'm just giving you a heads up."
"That's great, but you know the type of models we look for don't you?"
"Yes, I got an idea, but I want you to explain the type of model you need to my wife, think of Becky as a model not my wife, and let her decide if she wants to model for you. My only request is that I be there whenever she models for you. Other than that you treat her like you would any woman that models for you."
"Understood buddy and thanks for the heads up." Bill said before we hung up.
When I arrived home from work, I gave Becky a passionate kiss. "I missed you my dear."
"How about us daddy?" My daughter asked as she ran to me and grabbed my leg.
"I miss both of my great kids." I said as I picked up our daughter and gave her a hug. My son was on my other arm, and I gave him a hug also. "I have a wonderful family!" I thought.
We had dinner. The kids cleaned up, my wife and I went to the family room. I told Becky. "I called Bill. He's excited that you want to model for his group. He's waiting for your call. Do you have his number?"
We were interrupted when the kids came down. They wanted to play pong and then Mario brothers on the TV, so we played with them. Our conversation never continued, the kids went to bed, and we followed soon after.
The next morning, I gave my wife Bill's number before she went to school which was earlier than she usually does. Becky brought the kids with her, dropped our son off at middle school, and brought our daughter to the school Becky works at. Becky went to her office, closed the door, and called Bill before he left for work. When he answered. "HI Bill this is Becky. How are you doing."
"Great Becky, how can I help you?" Although he already knew the answer
"Well, I Ah-Ah I would like to model for you."
"You know it won't just be for me. I have between ten to twenty men that come to draw at my house Tuesdays and Thursdays, from six to ten.
"Yes, I know I meant for the group."
"Okay then, it's Thursday do you think you can come to my house for Saturday afternoon around one, to discuss this, and you can get into some of the poses that we ask the models to hold?"
"Yes, we could bring the kids to the mall and come to your house as long as it won't be too long a time."
"No, it should only be for about two maybe three hours that should be enough time for you to find out if you want to model for our group, Becky. I want to warn you that if you model for us you will be asked to spread your legs for most of the poses.
"Oh, wow, Ah-Ah Okay I will see if I can do that we will be there on Saturday." She said with trepidation.
"Thanks for calling. Oh, one other thing, do you have a dress you can put on. I want you to leave your undergarments off, so you won't have ugly marks on your body from the elastic."
"Okay I can do that and see you Saturday." She said in an excited voice that Bill noticed. "I now know I will be nude and spread in front of Bill." Becky thought with some embarrassment and a lot of excitement. She could feel a burst of excitement leave her pussy and soak her panties.
"Bye Becky." Bill said. "I think we have a live one, I wonder how far Tom will let me go with her." He thought as he hung up.
I haven't told you about Bill. He was fifty-two years old, works as a carpenter for himself. His wife died of cancer a couple of years ago. He took up drawing to fill his time. We befriended them when he helped me with some work on our house. Becky took his wife's job at the school in the office when Bill's wife Maryland got sick. We have a soft spot for him in our hearts they never had any kids, and he hasn't put himself out there since his wife passed.
At dinner on Friday. "How would you guys like to go to the mall tomorrow afternoon?" Becky asked the kids.
"Yes, but we don't have any money to do anything." Our daughter said.
"Not a problem Daddy and I have a meeting with Uncle Bill. Daddy will give you thirty dollars apiece."
(It is noted here that Bill isn't their uncle, but he was good to our kids.)
"My-my is mom generous to our kids with my hard-earned cash." I laughed as I peeled off two twenty-dollar bills each for the kids. They both came over and happily hugged me.
The next day my wife trimmed her bush, and I shaved around her back area. She put on a dress with no undergarments. It was eleven when we went to the mall had lunch with the kids. We picked up our niece on the way to keep an eye on them, I gave her forty dollars. All though lunch Lesley eyed my wife suspiciously but said nothing.
We left for Bills house after lunch. He lived in a nice three-bedroom ranch a half hour from us. We arrived there a little after one.
"I thought you changed your mind, Becky." Bill said relieved when we pulled up and went to the door.
"No, I want to try to model for you, but do I really have to model with my legs spread." Her voice cracked.
He didn't answer her concerns he went on with his monolog.
"I want you to know what modeling for my group entails it isn't like the Artisan's we are a lot more touchy feely with the models as this is a private group, so I want to be above board with both of you. Now that you know this, Becky. Do you want to go on. Tom, your wife will be asked to assume most of the poses with her legs spread. Do you still want your wife to be a model for us?"
"It's up to her whether she wants to model like that or not." I answered with more confidence that I felt at the moment. "It was a fantasy of mine to see my wife's legs spread for other guys to see her, but will I like the reality of it? I thought with concern.
"What do you mean by touchy-feely, Bill." Becky asked concerned.
"You will be intimately touched as we help you into position at times Becky."
"Tom, do you have any problem with this?" Becky asked me.
"You have to be comfortable with this my dear. I'm just here as your cheering section." Hopefully she didn't note the concern in my voice. "I hope she says no, and we go home." I thought with any luck.
"Can you show me what you mean Bill?" Becky asked unsure if she could accept being touched by all the men.
"So, you both want to continue?"
"Yes, we do." We answered in unison.
"Okay, Becky remove your dress and I can show you what I mean."
Surprised but without hesitation she opened a few buttons on the front of her dress, slid it down her legs, and handed the garment to me. This was the first time Bill saw Becky nude.
"I didn't realize how absolutely gorgeous you are Becky. Your skin is beautiful, your breasts are outstanding, and your legs are sculptured perfectly for a model. Turn around, Your buns are very pretty and your back will be a pleasure to draw." He extolled accolades on the nude woman.
"Why thank you kind sir." Becky said embarrassed, but happy by all the praise.
"We will get right to it Becky. Sit on couch, get into the corner, and spread your legs." Bill wanted to let Becky and me know that she will be totally exposed most of the time.
"Wow you're not wasting any time getting me totally exposed here Bill. I bet you dreamed of this day." Becky giggled to relieve some of the embarrassment she felt when she got into the described position the first time for Bill.
"Yes, I have as a matter of fact. Now I am going to adjust your lady lips." He said as he needlessly inserted his fingers in her pussy which brought a gasp from Becky. "You will be touched like this many times during the session and If you want a release let us know or you can bring yourself off while we draw."
"Bill, why don't you get more graphic and examine me intimately." Becky giggled to relieve the tension in the room.
I was surprised that Becky assumed the totally exposed position without any hesitation. I worried that the drawing session will become a gang bang, but I didn't mention it to either of them. "I'm glad I going to be at the sessions, so they don't get out of hand." I thought.
I was mesmerized to see my beautiful wife spread in such at erotic way in front of Bill. Her body had a hue embarrassment and her excitement also showed, her nipples were rigid, her pussy was engorged, and the lips opened to show the pink moist interior of heaven's gate.
Bill shocked me when he took liberties with my wife, he put his fingers in her pussy to adjust her lips, but I didn't realize I liked to see my wife's intimate areas touched by another guy while I watched until now!
"Tom, you have a concerned look on your face. Do you want Becky to model for the group? Are you upset the way I touch her intimately?"
"She has to make that decision I'm just here cheering her on." I wanted to put a positive spin on my remarks, but I didn't know if I was successful.
Becky turned to me. "Tom, I want to try to model for Bill." She was determined to be his model.
"Okay it's settled then, so continue Bill."
For the next hour Bill intimately touched Becky everywhere on her body, all her of intimate holes and her breast as I watched. I can't tell you how turned on I got as I watched another guy touch my wife intimately. She was in heaven also I could see by her expression and the excitement that dripped from her box.
"I need to cum!" Becky urgently moaned.
"Do you want me, Bill, or do you want us to watch you get off." I asked my wife.
"She looked at me embarrassed. "Bill, do you mind helping a lady in distress. Tom, you don't mind if I let Bill manually bring me off." Becky asked in a husky voice it dripped with passion and need.
"You sure about this Tom." Bill asked before he accepted Becky's invitation.
"Of course, I am Bill, Becky, just spin around and spread your legs so I can see your pussy. Bill set to the side, so I have an unobstructed view of her pussy when you diddle her." I said in my best director's voice. "I wish I brought my camera with me." I thought.
Bill pushed two fingers in my wife's pussy and rubbed the top of her vagina with the other hand. It wasn't two minutes, and she screamed her orgasm. "IIII'MMM CUMIIINNNGGGGG."
Becky was that hot she popped off very fast. We let her lay there legs spread, and with a smile on her face. As we both took in the lovely sight.
"Bill, look at my wife as she lays there, she's beautiful, and I want her to have adventures. You realize she has only been with me." I explained.
"Okay then. Becky let me know when you're available and we will schedule a session for you. We pay fifty dollars an hour to our models because the poses reveal all of the models' charms." Bill said as we helped Becky with her dress. It was late and we needed to pick up the kids.
We went to a diner from dinner, after we picked up the kids and my niece. We had the car. My niece kept an eye on my wife. She leaned over the back of the front seat. "Aunt Becky what did you do today. You don't have any underwear on, and I can smell your sexy scent." She whispered to my wife.
Becky was beside herself with our niece's comment. I will have to do something, or Becky will revert to her modest self. Our niece is very observant. I need to talk to her, so she won't tell anyone what she thinks we're doing.
I brought Lesley home, we went home it was late, and the kids had a long day. They went to their room to watch TV. We sat in the family room and snuggled. Before we went to bed.
At the end of April Dick called and asked if we wanted to refurbish two cabins on the property. My wife and I went to look at them on a Saturday after we dropped the kids off at the mall to meet a couple of their friends who were chaperoned by parents. We looked at the job but I couldn't give him an exact price because there was under floor structural work to do, so I gave him a high-low price.
A few days later he called me to start the job, but he said the camp will be open in two weeks.
I mobilized, got the materials, and equipment we needed. My crew made fast work of the structural problems and the drywall. In two weeks, the only thing left was taping, so my wife and I did that. By this time, it was opening day.
We dropped the kids off at the mall on Saturday afternoon with their friends. We went to the camp to tape. We forgot our work clothes and it was an hour round trip to get them.
Now this was where the life changing experience kicked in. We had a few naked people who came by when we worked before and looked at the crew as if we were naked and they were clothed. So, I told my wife "Let's take off our clothes, we can tape, then take a shower, dress, and go home."
"You will do anything to get me naked in public won't you." She laughed as she reluctantly removed her clothes as did I.
We couldn't believe the freedom we felt nude as the sun shined in the windows. We felt liberated. We spent two hours taping the joints and nails, it needed to dry. We took a shower in a co-ed shower room, a first for us. We swam in the heated pool, and lounged in the hot tub before we went home.
We looked at the time and reluctantly we dressed and pick up the kids.
"I really liked that today. I got naked and got paid also." My wife said to my amazement on the way to pick up the kids.
"You really had a good time or are you being facetious?" I asked my wife.
"It was fun, but when we first got there the way the nudists looked at us. I felt I was naked, but once we took our clothes off, they accepted us."
We went there to finish the job it took us another three weekends, because we spent two hours a day taping and the other four hours we used the camps facilities. We loved the freedom nudity brought us.
The kids have become mallrats, but there were parents as chaperons when we dropped the kids off.
Our dilemma was: Do we bring the kids to the nudist camp or do we go there on the sly. We decided it will be our secret. We would come to the camp when we could get away. The kids could make their decision if they wanted to go to the nudist camp when they're old enough.
My wife and I liked the camp, everyone was down to earth and didn't act like they were above people that worked with their hands.
We had a misconception of a nudist camp. My wife and I figured it was sexually orientated that was furthest from the fact. It was social nudity, worship of the sun. It just plain felt good. You went swimming and dried off in the sun with no wet bathing suit. Try it you'll like it!
Most of the people were not movie stars, or models, they were everyday women and men, Moms, dads, uncles, aunts, grandmothers, and grandfathers who enjoy the freedom of nudity. When you see the people at the camp you couldn't tell what they did, I met, military and commercial pilots. CEOs of large corporations, teachers, lawyers, janitors, and construction workers. You name them they were there.
We went to the camp every chance we got, but that wasn't often enough for me. My wife became used to her exposure. I noticed after a few weekends at the camp she became less concerned about her nudity but still didn't expose her pussy completely. The first few weeks when she laid down in a lounger, Becky kept her legs tight together, but now she keeps a book on her lap or the towel to cover her pussy and I only get glimpses of her bush from time to time presently. I want her to show her lovely pussy totally to anyone who passed by her lounger. I liked to see my wife's pussy exposed in public!
This is what I didn't know, I found out later.
While my wife sat on the loungers she thought. "I wish I was the only woman naked here and all the men were clothed. I want to be the only one nude and the center of attention. I have too much female competition here."
After I saw all the exposed females at the camp, I concluded that.
The female form was a beautiful work of art. Some of the women I have known to be unremarkable with their clothes on, became bodies wet dreams were made of when they were nude. Case in point. I worked on a new building at the hospital near us. I dealt with a woman in one of the offices. I will call her Laura. She was a nice person, but what I would call a plain Jane. My wife and I both knew her. We were at the camp one weekend, we walked by her while she and her husband lounged by the pool. What I noticed as I walked by, she had her legs spread, her pussy lips were engorged, and the pink interior of her pussy was visible, but I didn't recognize this woman as Laura.
"Becky, Tom, don't you recognize us with our clothes off" Laura called out to us with laughter.
I was astonished when I recognized her husband Al who my wife grew up with and looked back to see Laura. She had a beautiful figure, we stopped in front of her, and she didn't change her position, she remained totally exposed! Heaven's gate was very moist! We talked for a few minutes, before we moved on.
As we left, Laura hollered. "I won't tell anyone you were here if you don't tell on us.
"You got a deal." We answered with smiles.
Monday, I ran into Laura. She turned a bright hue of red, I walked to her and whispered. "You looked very pretty yesterday with the outfit you had on. I liked the way you rested your legs comfortably apart."
She gave me a big smile.
"Yes, that was my birthday suit, it was comfortable. I knew you enjoyed the position I was in, so I stayed that way for your viewing enjoyment." She whispered back with a smiled.
"Hopefully, I will see you in that lovely position again Laura. You are a very beautiful woman." I whispered to her.
With a big smile on her face she said. "Thank you, I needed that."
Now that my wife was comfortable nude in public. I wanted to push the envelope. Our kids were outside, they usually help clean up after dinner, but tonight when they asked to go outside I said, "Go ahead I will help mom clean up."
"Wow, that's a switch you usually make them clean-up after we eat." Becky stated with suspicion.
"I wanted to have some alone time with my beautiful wife, so we can spend some quality time together." I explained as I loaded the dishwasher.
"I can think of better ways to spend quality time together." She came back.
"Like how?" I wanted my wife to broach the subject.
"Like at the camp." She then continued as she wiped the table. "Did you see Laura today?"
"Yes, I did, she had a bright red hue about her, but she calmed down by the end of the day."
My wife looked at me. She had something on her mind, but she debated if she should continue.
"You want to say something Becky I can see, so spit it out!" I smiled.
"Did you see the way Laura was sitting when we talked to them and she didn't close her legs, we were looking right into her intimate being." There was a long pause. "What was I thinking of course you saw how she sat, I bet you can draw her lady lips from memory." My wife laughed.
"Yes, you're probably right my dear." I smiled.
"She looked comfortable in her exposed state." My wife ventured.
"Yes, you should try to lounge as she does see if you're comfortable in that position."
"Yes, I think I will the next time we go to the camp." She said with a faraway look in her eyes. She continued. "What did you say to her today?"
"I told Laura, she looked almost beautiful as my wife in her exposure." A little white lie never hurt, well that's what I thought anyway when I talked to Becky!
I received a call from Dick the owner of the nudist camp on Friday. "Hi Tom, are you coming to the camp this weekend?"
"We could, what do you need?"
"I want to build a sauna. Do you know how to construct one?"
"I can research it and get back to you this weekend."
"Okay thanks hope to see you this weekend." Dick said before he hung up.
Let me explain before we go any further. Dave and Jane were close friends of ours. We lived in the same neighborhood. My wife went out with Jane some nights when she needed a mental health night. Our kids were around the same ages as theirs. They have a sauna and Hot tub, so we have been nude in their presents. They have been nude in our presents. The one fly in the ointment, Jane was very shy about her breast, they were almost non-existent, she had large nipples only no breast tissue. She would put a towel around her breasts but sit on the edge of the tub with her legs spread... Jane can't wrestle very well but you should see her box! Dave was a schoolteacher but built saunas in his spare time.
I called. "Hi Dave, this is Tom,
"How are you doing Tom."
"I'm great. Would you be interested in building a sauna at a camp?"
"Yes, where is it?"
"The nudist camp, a few towns over."
"Sure, I can help you, give me a size and I will give you a list of materials to get. I can get all the interior equipment you need. I will sell it to the owner at cost if I could get a pass to the camp for the season." He said excitedly.
"I will tell Dick, see what he says." I answered before we disconnected.
It took us a couple of weeks to put together the price for the sauna. I gave it to the owner Dick, and he gave me the go ahead over the phone. Dave and I will get camp passes for the year, and he will also pay us for the work. We had him buy all the materials we gave our markup and discount to him.
The following week I gave the owner a contract. He signed it, with a deposit. We got the permit, ordered all the materials, and equipment. The following Saturday we laid out the slab and where the electrical entrance needed to be. It took us a couple of hours. We were done for the day our spouses didn't come with us, so we left to avoid any conflict with them.
The owner had an excavator, electrician, and a concrete mason that went to the camp. They excavated, installed the power to the sauna, formed and poured the slab, during the week. All the materials for the building were delivered. The following weekend we started the structure. It was June.
My wife called our niece Lesley to see if she could sit for our kids from Friday night to Sunday afternoon for the next few weeks. She was ecstatic to get paid to watch her cousins. We let our niece take my wife's car, but they had to stay in town. Our niece said she would watch our kids for nothing because we let her take our car.
Our son was delighted that he didn't have to work the weekends with me, could lounge around, and go with his friends. The kids went into our pool, went to the mall, and the movies. It cost me almost as much as I made for the day, but I found it was worth it to have alone time with my wife and friends.
When I picked up Lesley Friday afternoon. "Lesley, I'm going to tell you where we will be with a phone number to call us. This has to be between us. I don't want you to tell anyone where we went. As far as you're concerned, we went to Whitingham for the weekend and all the following weekends is that understood?"
"Uncle Tom, where are you really going? I won't say anything, because you're paying me more than I can make all week part time, for three days. Why should I ruin a good thing."
I looked long and hard at her. I figured she was right. "We are building a sauna at a nudist camp."
"I knew it you guys are wild. There was a pause. "Aunt Becky is a nude model isn't she."
"What, where did you get that idea Lesley."
"I know you went to a drawing group, so I asked around. I know you went to the Artisans. I heard you talking about it. So, I did some research and found out that it was figures studies of nude women. I had to sit for my cousins one Thursday, that is when you go to the group. Aunt Becky only had on a dress when she left with you. When you came home, I could tell she needed to have sex, her scent was that of an excited woman." She smiled at me.
"Okay you have anymore wisdom you want to share with me?" I asked without letting on she was right.
"A few weeks ago Aunt Becky met with an artist to see if she wanted to model for him on a Saturday afternoon. When we went out to dinner Aunt Becky only had a dress on no undergarments, and again she had the scent of a horny woman."
"I plead the fifth Lesley but keep quiet otherwise I will have to find another sitter for the kids."
"Okay Uncle Tom, but I would like to come to the camp sometime."
"You can when you're eighteen in a year, ask auntie Becky."
"Really! I could come with you."
"Absolutely, it would be fun."
"I will see you naked uncle Tom!" She giggled.
"I will see you naked also Lesley." I smiled.
"Oh, I never thought of that!"
Now this is where things started to become more sexual for us:
We had a pop-up trailer with room enough to sleep six. I brought it to the camp, and we set it up on Friday night. We left the camper there for the duration of the project. Dave and Jane followed us to the camp. We set the camper up next to the construction site the electrician provided power a hook up to the trailer. The women kept their clothes on that night. There was a dance with a DJ in the dining room of the camp.
Before we went to the dance, we laid out work for the next day, the size of the structure, snapped lines for the shoe and squared it. I cut some studs and the roof rafter pattern. We were set to go in the morning. But we couldn't start until Eight.
The kids whose parents were at the camp stayed at the dance from seven until nine and then they had to leave. The women had see-through tops on with shorts. They took off their shorts to reveal they had nighties on. Some of the women wore nighties with no panties. Our ladies were shocked to see the women dance with different men in their state of undress. We only stayed until eleven as we needed to work the next day.
Dave and Jane slept in the camper with us. We have been nude with them, so there wasn't any shyness between us. The performance of the couples at the dance caused us to become sexually excited. It was odd to see another couple in the semi-darkness have sex. We watched for a while and then we were overcome with the need to perform our own sex act. The camper rocked for an hour or so before we finally got off and went to sleep. If you get what I mean! We played hide the salami!
The next morning: we arose at seven am, the four of us went to the co-ed shower. It was a novelty for all of us to shower together. There was six shower heads in the room, the room was in disrepair we noted, and also there was a rudimentary exterior shower.
My wife was next to Dave and without any thought he handed my wife the soap and scrunchy to wash his back. My wife didn't hesitate at the request she washed his back and bottom. He in turn washed my wife's back and bottom. I was intrigued with the possibilities!
Jane saw this and asked me to wash her back. I did along with her bottom. She washed me also. What surprised me was we didn't get sexually stimulated; it was friends who helped friends. This was a new feeling for all of us. The closeness we have achieved in such a short time with another couple amazed me!
Dave and I remained nude while we went to breakfast, both our ladies had tee shirts on only, their pussies were on view, when we sat to eat.
We put on work shoes, shorts, tees, and our aprons. We started the build. A group gathered on the hill to watch us work. My wife and Jane sat on towels near us. They had their bathing suits on. People approached our wives to talked with them. After we put up most of the walls, we couldn't find our wives in the group. I saw both women stand up they were totally nude. They went to the pool to swim.
We worked until noon time, we framed the walls and sheathed them. Cut all the ceiling joists, and rafters. Dick came down and told us we had to stop for the afternoon. We work too hard, and we could use the facilities for the afternoon. Becky and Jane found four loungers together as we went to shower.
There was a woman teacher I knew from the school our kids attended and my wife worked at; she was there with her husband. She was at the outdoor shower. We stopped to talk to her. I was surprised that she was so beautiful naked. She had medium size breasts large nipples, her hair was black it matched her bush which she cut close, her pussy lips hung down, her backside was tight, but plump. She continued to wash as we talked with her. As we walked away, she turned her back to us. Put her leg onto a bench and thus exposed her pussy and back door to us as we looked back at her. I would never give her a second look with her clothes on!
We took a shower, went to the pool, and found your ladies, their legs spread a comfortable distance apart to show heaven's gate with four young men in front of them. The young men gazed at our wives' pussies while they conversed. The young men took one look at both of us, blushed with embarrassment, and left, we were in good shape, and they must have had mischievous thoughts on their mind! They probably thought they could pick up the two unescorted pretty mature ladies!
Over the time we worked at the camp on thing that was accomplished to our total joy. Our wives found out that they were lovely women that the men acknowledged. A lot of the men and women stopped by to converse with our ladies while we worked. Becky was less concerned about the protection of her pussy from view and Jane became less concerned about her breasts. Men constantly came by and complemented our ladies. They finally became comfortable with their bodies and now know they are both beautiful!
It took us about five weekends to build the sauna because the owner would only let us work a half a day each day. Both our wives although they liked the camp. They had fair skin and needed to keep sunscreen applied so they wouldn't burn.
"Both our wives realized they were sexy women. Becky became confident enough to let everyone study her lovely vaginal area. Jane had a few men come to her and admire her figure, she became proud of her beast's she spent more time totally nude, and she adopted a comfortable posture with her legs spread for the men who walked by the ladies so the men could enjoy the view of heaven's gate.
I enjoyed when we played volleyball. To watch the women's breast sway and they liked to watch our peckers bounce around also.
After a while we became bored with the afternoons off, so we explored the grounds at the camp. There was a stream that flowed in a valley at the camp. A path that went north we followed it for a mile or so. It was a first to hike in the nude for us! The trail went along the top of the hill along the brook, the path swung down to a small pond. The bottom of the pond was gravel, so the water was sparkling clean. The pond was in the sun and there was large black rocks throughout the pond with shallow pools of water to lay in that was warmed by the sun.
We set our towels down on the grass and before we knew it, we became amorous, one thing led to another. I rubbed my wife's lady lips together as we watched Dave and Jane. Dave laid down on his back, Jane sucked on his cock to get him hard, and Jane mounted him cowgirl style. Dave massaged Jane's nipples as they fucked. It was the first time we had sex outside and watched a sex show in person.
Jane bounced up and down on Dave's pecker as we watched. We could see Dave's pecker slide out of his wife when she arose. Her excitement ran down over Dave's balls. I played with my wife's lady lips, Becky rubbed my cock as we watched mesmerized by the physical display of love our friends showed.
As we watched, Jane started to moan. "I'm almost thereeee! Yes!" She screamed as she laid on her husband in orgasm.
He pushed up into her a few more times and Groaned "AH-AH I'm thereeeeeeeeee toooo!"
Becky turned up onto her knees with her butt to me. Dave and Jane had a side view of us. I rubbed my pecker against her lips and pushed into my wife balls deep as our friends watched us. I proceeded to pound her to orgasm very quickly She screamed "Yyyyessss I needed that!"
"Ahah-ahah!" I groaned very loudly.
"It was a thrill to be watched while we had sex, I wonder where we will go from here." I thought as I recovered from my orgasm.
I looked over to see Jane as she laid on her husband's chest legs toward us and spread. We could see their lust run out of her pussy as they watched us fuck. My wife laid down also and you could see our lust run out of her pussy.
We were almost caught in our display of affection! As we went into the pond to clean up the act. There was another couple that showed up surprised to see us there. We lounged in the warm pools of water as we lovingly washed our ladies, breasts, and pussies in front of the couple.
"We thought we heard some screams, did you hear anything." The woman asked suspiciously, as the couple watched us wash our ladies' intimate areas.
"Maybe it was a Coyote." I said with a grin.
"It took us a year to find this place." They told us without any acknowledgement of my last statement.
"It took us only three weekends." I told them.
It was the last weekend before we took the camper out to go to Maine. We finished the sauna. We had been going to the dances on Friday and Saturday nights. Our wives slowly have become less concerned about the attire. They were at the point that they wore nighties with the panties that came with them.
Tonight, it was with great pleasure for both us guys that after the kids lift both our brides removed their shorts. The nighties were very short so when they stood up their pussy showed. They had no panties on! The dances from ten on were all slow dances that were requested. Dave and I were dressed in tees only, as pulled off our shorts. I danced with my wife four of the show songs. I rubbed my pecker between her legs, and I became excited. The last dance I sawed my pecker between her legs to feel her wet pussy.
After the dance my wife said. "Let's sit for a while." I agreed and went to get sodas for all of us.
The ladies went to the restroom.
We sat out half a dozen songs when my wife and Jane looked at Dave and I nervously and asked me. "Can I dance a few dances with Dave. Becky asked me.
"Can I dance with Tom." Jane asked Dave.
"We can't be responsible for our little head ladies." I said and Dave agreed.
"We understand!" Both women answered so we danced four dances together. Jane was a little taller than me. I danced with her with my body away from her, but she pulled me into her and thus my pecker with a mind of its own rubbed between her pussy lips. Jane was taller, so my pecker breached her pussy somewhat. I had my pecker in my friend's wife!
Dave was taller than me so when my wife returned, she had a cumquat on her belly button where his pecker made contact with her body. The dance ended soon after that. Nothing was said about the partner exchange that night or to this day.
We had a great time the rest of the summer, but we didn't spend much time at the camp, now, it was the end of September and the camp closed.
"Becky how did you like this summer?"
"It was okay, but we didn't do much with the kids except for the two weeks we went to Maine with them."
I could see she had something on her mind. "You need to tell me what you're thinking my dear. You don't like the camp?"
Becky looked at me turned red. "The camp was okay, but I was bored after a while there. I missed the kids, but I came with you because you had the job there, and I didn't want you to be prey to the man eaters at the camp."
"What are you talking about Becky?" I asked naively.
"Theresa. Margaret, Samantha, and Christine to name a few. They all stopped by and questioned Jane and I about you two. They wanted to rent you to do some work for them." Becky informed me.
"Okay I see you came with me to the camp to protect me. I had fun, so you pick what you want to do this fall and winter."
"I want to model for Bill's art group whenever he needs me." Becky stated to my absolute shock.
"You know how he wants you to model and the artists may touch you. Is that what you want?"
"Yes, as long as you're there that is what I want. At the camp everyone was naked. I want to be the only one naked in a room full of men, if you want to know the truth." Becky explained with embarrassment but conviction.
As shocked as I was, I wanted my wife to be happy, so I said. "Call Bill make plans to model for him and let me know when it is. I want you to be happy my dear."
"You are the best husband a wife could ask for." Becky said as she came over and gave me a kiss that was the precursor to a fun night.
All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica