This s a loose continuation of my first story:Out in the Rain
***
It had been a busy month for 2 busy roommates. Neither of us were home much- both with busy jobs and outside projects, including some family requirements. So that crazy night in the rain had seemed almost a dream- a dream well worth remembering, but sometimes seemed like a figment of my horny imagination.
Luckily Karen and I both had an afternoon free on a weekday, and a movie we thought would be fun to watch had opened the week before. It was a campy horror film that quite frankly looked pretty dumb, but we both enjoy campy horror films. So we jumped in the car and headed for the theater. The drive was normal: music playing from the stereo, and the event just a few weeks ago playing in my head.
It was still summer weather- pretty warm. I was wearing some loose fitting but uber-comfortable gray pants and a fitted black t-shirt. I considered shorts as it was still pretty hot out, but the theater would be chilly, and I don't really care for shorts. Karen was wearing a close fitting gray t-shirt and some short-shorts. Her breasts filled the shirt nicely without being obscene: showing a curvy outline through the soft cotton. Her shorts were a bright green, tightly fit to her round ass cheeks and short enough to show plenty of leg without being scandalous. She finished off her ensemble with some calf-length black socks and sneakers. Overall I found her outfit very provocative as I do love the short-shorts-and-stockings look. I had seen Karen in similar outfits plenty of times; I think she liked to show some skin to tease and feel sexy herself- I doubted it was ever explicitly for my benefit (though I benefitted just the same).
We got to the theater and parked. I purchased the tickets as I often like to buy for my friends. I'm a bit older and more financially secure than most of my friends, so when I can I like to buy (within reason). Karen got a soda (or pop, if you prefer- I don't drink soft drinks much so I don't know what it was) and we headed for theater 6. We were the first ones there (it was the afternoon on a Thursday after all...) so we had our pick of seats. We decided on center seats about two thirds up from the front- no neck strain, fully surrounded in sound. We chatted about our upcoming projects, the ridiculous demands of our jobs, and tried to answer the movie trivia (it was much easier the second time around, Ha!). A few other people trickled in during that time: a young couple- probably college-aged, a few single guys of varying types- larger nerdy, barely out of high school, some older, and a single young woman- a somewhat proto-typical Goth-type. The single guys sat in the front of the main seating, behind the floor-level railing so they could put their feet up. The Goth girl sat way in the back. The couple sat not too far from us- to Karen's right and a few rows behind.
The lights finally went dark and the opening trailers started up. Karen and I settled in to watch. We were both conscientious of the armrest between us, clearly wanting to use it, but neither wanting to take it for ourselves and leave the other uncomfortable; so we both sat in mild awkwardness. The movie started with its ominously overdone music score. After about 5 minutes, I laughed softly and looked over at Karen. She looked back.
"So scary!" I mouthed.
She giggled and smacked my arm lightly. I gave her my innocent hands-up look and she smiled her beautiful smile.
She set her hand down at the same time I put mine on the armrest, leaving her hand resting atop mine.
I quickly lost interest in the movie. I couldn't help but let my mind wander back to that night in the rain. So naughty, so kinky- masturbating in the rain, Karen slyly watching, then forcing me to perform for her: my fear of being caught mixed with the thrill of being exposed led to an amazing orgasm and a new fantasy. Soon I was to learn about how that fantasy could expand.
Karen's fingers lightly caressed the back of my hand. Her soft touch sent tingles through my body, while my mind sent messages below my belt. Her range of motion grew slowly until it included half of my forearm. It was intoxicating and I could feel my penis stir of its own accord. Karen reached over the armrest and touched the top of my knee. At that moment, I knew the movie would only be a background for the afternoon. I slowly lifted the armrest between us as Karen moved her arm temporarily. Once it was out of the way, she went straight back to my leg, while my hand lightly touched hers. And for a few minutes, we stayed there, slowly caressing each other's legs- Karen feeling mine through the light fabric of my pants, me feeling her smooth thigh directly.
My dick was definitely starting to grow now- enough to be pushing against my loose pants and boxers. If it had been lighter in the theater, it would've been immediately apparent that my hard-on was pressing the bounds of my outfit. Karen must have sensed this as her hand started drifting higher up my leg. In what amounted to near perfect timing, Karen's hand found its way to my zipper just as my erection was reaching the same spot. With only a couple layers of cotton between, she began rubbing the tip of my shaft. I let my own hand drift upward toward her shorts, but her free hand interceded.
"Not yet, you don't" she ordered in a whisper. "This is my game."
I dutifully obeyed and placed my hand where she guided- back on her thigh- not a wholly objectionable location. Meanwhile, her hand never stopped stroking my dick through the fabric of my pants. After a few minutes, which seemed much longer, she grabbed for the zipper and slowly pulled down. I briefly looked around but found that everyone appeared to be watching the movie (for whatever reason- it seemed pretty bad even from the little that I had noticed). As my fly was unzipped, she eased a hand inside and traced my dick, still trapped beneath my boxers. Her hand slid along my shaft slowly and I could feel my cock starting to pulsate. As she reached the head, she allowed her fingers to drift up to the button still clasping my pants partly closed. Karen deftly unbuttoned it and dragged one side open. She slowly dragged her hand across my lap and pulled the other side wide open. My excitement was obvious as I breathed heavily.
Then it finally happened. Karen slid her hand up to the waistband of my boxers, slid a finger inside and pulled down below my excited, hard cock. And there I was, exposed in a mostly empty but very public theater. And I was thoroughly enjoying the experience.
Karen touched my exposed hard-on directly for the first time. Her fingers were slightly cold, but her light touch only excited me more. The teasing atop the slight fulfillment of physical contact had my mind racing. Karen glided her fingertips along the length of my stony shaft. A few finger laps around the head and the rest of her fingers encircled my dick, slowly stroking down from the tip. Her grip was loose, providing just enough stimulation to entice this pulsing erection while soft enough to keep from irritating my skin.
While I've had numerous masturbation sessions lasting an hour or more, I wondered how well I'd last with this gorgeous woman sitting next to me in a darkened theater with her hand rubbing my cock. It was a glorious feeling and I hoped it would last all day. Stroking up the length, circling the tip of my cock with a finger, then lightly gripping to stroke down. For a few minutes she repeated the movement, up, around, and down; up, around, and down.
Then she slid her hand down a bit further, feeling my shaven ball sack. I like to keep my pubic hair minimal and love the feel of smooth skin surrounding my balls. I hoped she liked it; and she did spend a good amount of time fondling below. But she was hindered by my pants, partly open though they were. Karen pushed against my boxers. It was a clear cue for me, so I shifted my weight and slid my pants and boxers further down my hips, thankful that the pants were loose enough to do so without getting too much movement. As soon as there was room, Karen grabbed my cock again and resumed stroking my engorged dick.
I sat in ecstasy for a time, enjoying the raw pleasure of a public stroking. Until she suddenly came to a halt, hand still wrapped around my member, but paused her movement. I quickly became alert, ready to grab my pants and yank upward. Karen squeezed me once with assurance and leaned over.
"I want popcorn"
"What?" I responded, perhaps a little louder than I intended. A quick look showed that nobody looked our way.
"Popcorn. I suddenly want some," she countered. "You stay here."
I looked her in the eyes, slightly dumb-founded.
"Oh, but you need to keep stroking, since I can't," she whispered, leaning close to my ear as she took my hand and placed it on my own hard cock. "Keep stroking your big, hard dick while I get popcorn. It better be just as hard when I get back."
What choice did I really have? I had no willpower to disobey her, nor did I really want to. I wanted to do exactly as she asked. I wanted to keep stroking my dick. If the theater were crowded, I would have done what she asked.
And so Karen got up, leaned over whispering, "Keep that dick hard!" and walked away.
And now here I was, further depraved: pants below my hips, dick hard as a rock, hand stroking, all while sitting in the middle of a public theater. And I loved it.
I continued lightly stroking my cock in the dark open room, occasionally lit up by the ridiculous horror flick on the screen. I did my best to look around nonchalantly and pleasantly found that no one was looking directly at me- I may have been enjoying this thrill, but the danger was very present in my mind. Sufficiently reassured, I got back to my charge "Stroke that cock!" I imagined Karen saying. Her voice was glorious, both in reality and in the remembrance.
In my half-fantasized, half-reality state of mind, I noticed that I had a healthy dose of precum beginning to emanate from my cock. I slowed my strokes so I wouldn't disappoint Karen by cumming too soon. I came close, but held myself in check edging for a few moments, tensing my body to avert ruining my orgasm. I stayed hard, but I needed to calm down just a bit. I heard a muffled cough from the back of the house.
"Crap!" I thought to myself. "The goth girl was in the back." But I couldn't check, could I? No. It would be too obvious that I was looking back for her. And while those conscious thoughts streamed through my head, a surge of excitement surged through my cock. I nearly lost control, but was able to hold back one more time. It was close, but that was the game I was playing.
After a few moments of collecting my thoughts, I calmed myself from the brink. The situation started to weigh a bit more heavily on my mind. I quickly took stock of my surroundings again and noticed the goth girl heading toward the exit. I slunk in my seat and covered a bit while trying not to make too much movement. I had my pants set so that a quick pull would be enough to cover my exposed member. I had a tremendous fear that she would get a manager and I'd need to lie and/or leave the theater in shame. I watched goth girl leave and counted the minutes.
Then I realized I was in danger of completely losing my erection. I was definitely softer and the fear of getting caught battled with the fear of disappointing Karen. I resumed touching myself which was definitely not the most prudent decision. I recovered my hardness, and just in time. Karen returned to the theater and began making her way back to her seat next to me.
She sat down, facing me as best she could in the adjacent seat and began eating her popcorn.
"This is a great movie; I hope the climax is explosive," Karen whispered in her punny style. "Keep jerking that cock."
I obeyed.
I jerked my cock for her.
I stroked my dick to please her.
And when my precum began to spread over my cockhead and drip down to my hand, I offered it to her.
"I've got my salty snack; you eat yours."
Again, I obeyed without question, bringing my hand to my mouth and licking my own juices off of my fingers.
"Good boy. Now keep stroking."
And I did. Until another wave of ecstasy approached. I held back again, but the precum did not. It spilled out of my cock and I lapped it off of my fingers again.
And back to stroking while Karen watched and ate her popcorn. She stroked her foot up my calf. She softly whispered "Big... Hard... Cock..." I continued stroking my cock for what seemed like a lovely eternity. I was in a state of euphoria. The world around me disappeared as I masturbated in a public theater.
And finally the moment came. And I did. A lot. A wave of pleasure surged through my body. My hips and neck shook uncontrollably forward as I felt my orgasm course through my cock. And culminating from that orgasm, my first shot of cum burst into the air. A jet of cum propelled a solid 2 feet into the air: eye-level. I know because it hit me square in the face, just beside my lips. A second and third blast shot up and fell on my chest. A fourth barely made its way onto my shirt, while the rest oozed out in short thick spasms of cum, cascading down the head and onto my hand.
As the moment subsided, I relaxed my body and began to recover my normal breath. Karen reached over with a piece of popcorn and scooped some cum. She brought it to her parted lips and placed it on her tongue. As she held the cum-flavored popcorn on her tongue, she pulled another and dragged it across my face.
"Open."
I did, and she thrust the popcorn into my open mouth. While popcorn was never my favorite, the combination of this strange salty goo mixed with the buttered, salty corn seemed pleasant enough. I wouldn't crave it by taste alone, but the context in which we consumed this treat; the thrill of public debauchery; the abnormality of eating my own cum, with a beautiful woman enjoying the same delicacy in the moment- made the experience into a fantasy world of pleasure.
We ate a few more bites together. I decided I prefer the taste of precum better than cum itself, though the messiness and larger quantity of a full load of cum did make it seem all the better. Karen finished her popcorn and we watched the rest of this strange movie which seemed to have a large portion of the plot completely unknown to us. Not that we cared. When we realized the finale was nearly upon us, Karen helped me to awkwardly pull my boxers and pants back up. They would need to go in the wash later as I had nothing to clean with, and the leftover cum quickly stuck my clothes to my skin. Zipping up and buttoning the pants, I did feel a bit of relief that we had not been caught and ejected from the theater.
Or so I thought. The credits began to roll and the lights gradually raised to a dull glow. We sat in the dim light and watched everyone leave- the single guys were the first to get up and leave. I looked about nonchalantly and noticed the couple a few rows back and right gathering their belongings to leave. Then I re-focused on Karen and noticed her giggling.
"What's that for?"
"Oh Nothing... Just looking enjoying the look on your face."
"What look?" I inquired with a suspicious scrunch on my face.
"Well, its not really the look on your face, so much as what's on it."
"Wait, what?" I whispered as the thought slowly dawned on me that I might have cum on my face. "Where?" I quickly wiped around my mouth.
"Damn. I should've made you leave it. Next time." Karen proclaimed.
"Oh God," I said, only mildly complaining at the thought.
"Definitely next time," said a voice not far away, opposite me from Karen.
I spun around. And as my memory tracked the procession of theater-goers to deduce the potential voice, my eyes met the final watcher: the Goth girl! I had forgotten. Again.
"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed in a hushed tone- still in my whispering theater voice.
"Don't worry. I wouldn't rat you out. Not after you gave the better show. That movie was shit. Next time, I'll have to find a better seat," Goth-girl said, leaning in a bit. She was 2 rows down, but had moved to only a few seats to our left.
"I don't know," said Karen, "looks like you had a pretty good view from the corner of my eye."
I slunk down in my seat with a blanket of embarrassment suddenly weighing upon me.
"I bet I could've been even closer than you said. He was way into it."
Confusion dropped on me like a hammer. "Wait, do you know her?" I asked Goth-girl pointing to Karen.
"No. Just happened to be in line for Junior Mints while she waited for popcorn. Have one" she commanded, tossing me a mint. "You can try to use it to clean up more of your cum."
"Definitely. That." Karen chimed in.
Somewhat reluctantly; as I was trying to regain composure, not relinquish more dignity, I found a large glob of cum from my shirt. I scooped some with my fingers that held the mint, hoisted it to my mouth, and placed it on my tongue. My movement wasn't quick enough- a bit of the now dripping cum missed my mouth and landed on my chin. I tried to scoop it up quickly, but was only successful in smearing and letting more cum drip from my fingers. I closed my lips around my fingers to clean them off, and then broke the soft dark chocolate shell and allowed the mint filling to mix with the salty leftover semen.
"Well, that's better than the popcorn..." I quipped sheepishly.
"Been there," echoed Goth-girl. "Have another, you'll start to like it."
At this time, the credits were all but over and the theater was empty except for us. I thought to myself I better clean up soon- the staff would probably be in to clean up trash in a few moments.
Goth-girl tossed me 1 more Junior Mint. I found another big scoop of cum, loaded it onto my fingers, and brought it to my mouth. I tried to be a bit more delicate this time, though, letting the cum dribble off my fingers a bit before placing the mint on my tongue and licking my fingers clean.
"Keep up the training. I think he's got potential," she said as she ate a mint herself and walked away.
"Oh I agree," Karen added, mostly to herself. "I'll keep you posted."
Goth girl spun on her giant boots to acknowledge and continued on her way.
"Well, I think we can go now," Karen concluded. "I enjoyed the show very much."
"I'm very glad. I enjoyed it too. But it was nerve wracking. That was probably pretty dangerous- I don't really want to get arrested for exposure." I whispered as I got myself set to leave.
"Don't worry. I would've texted you."
"I turned my phone off," I realized.
"Huh." Was her response.
We started walking to the exit and passed by one of the cleanup crew as naturally as I could considering what had transpired. After passing by staff members, I breathed a big sigh of relief. We left the lobby and headed to the car.
As we backed out of the parking spot, Karen leaned over. "You missed some," she said as she wiped up some cum from the top of my shirt. "Eat it." She continued as she slipped her fingers in my mouth. "That's a good boy. Now drive us home, pet."