Previously:
"Wake up, slut!" My face got slapped and I woke up.
"Wake up!!" I got slapped again.
I opened my eyes after the slap and looked at the man slapping my face. "H-Hello Sir..."
"Do you know where you are, slut?" The man asked and I looked around. "Where is this?" I asked.
"You're just a block away from the police station. Do you know what you're ordered to do?" The man asked and I started to panic as I remembered everything.
"N-No.. Please.. Please Sir.. I can fuck you.. I can have sex with all of your friends.. I can have sex with anyone and everyone you tell me to.. Please don't make me do this... Please Sir!!" I begged.
My hair got pulled and my face got slapped by the man. "You don't even recognise me, do you?"
"I... I'm sorry.. Sir.. I will have sex with you... just please don't make me do this... I'll sex with you anytime and anywhere you want!! Please Sir...." I begged.
My face got slapped again and the man said. "I am your...."
----
Now:
"I am your husband! Slut!" Owen shouted at me and I looked at him properly.
"Oh... Oh my God.. Owen! Daddy! I miss you!! Please save me! I love you!" I replied and rubbed my face into his legs as I knelt on the ground with my hands behind my back.
Owen pulled my hair back and slapped my face. "I am disappointed in you, Jasmine. What the fuck is all this?!"
I looked down in shame and tried to find words to explain to him. "I... I am a slave, Daddy... I told you before..."
"Is that why you're naked in public?! Is that why you're having sex with strangers?! Is that why you had sex with all of our high schoolmates?! Is that why you have to get yourself arrested in the fucking police station?! IS THAT WHY YOU HAVE TO HAVE SEX WITH ANYONE AND EVERYONE?!" Owen shouted.
"I... I'm sorry.. Daddy.. I have no choice.. Believe me, Daddy. I want nothing more than to spend the rest of my life with you.. But I can't.. I'm a slave to Nicolette. I have to obey her orders. I'm sorry.. I'm really am.. sorry..." I cried and leaned on Owen's legs.
"Get the fuck away from me!" Owen shouted and I was in total shock. "You're nothing more than a horny little slut! You don't deserve me or my love. I am filing a divorce! You can go have sex with everyone as much as you like! I don't care anymore!"
"N-No!! Please!! Daddy!! I need you!!" I cried and begged Owen.
Owen kicked my naked body away from him. "You don't need me. You need sex. And if you don't do as you're told and get yourself arrested. I will lose my job and hate you forever!"
"Y-You mean... Nicolette threatened you..?" I asked and Owen slapped my face. "Fuck off! I fucking hate you! Go and do your thing now. I don't ever want to see you again!"
Owen walked away from me as I cried sadly on my knees. "N-No.. Owen.. my daddy.. please don't leave me... please...."
Owen disappeared and I cried out loud on my knees. My life had no meaning now. I was devastated.
After 2 hours of crying naked in public on my knees, I wiped away my tears and told myself. "I am just a slave. I have to do what I'm told to do. I have no choice.. I will go get myself arrested... I have to do it.. I need to.."
It was the only way I could maintain my sanity. I had to obey my orders.
I got up and walked naked towards the police station. Owen was divorcing me. I had no one now. My life was already over the moment Nicolette made me into a slave. I had no free will. Owen.. the love of my life was leaving me. I had nothing to live for.. I am done.
When I saw the police station, I got down on my hands and knees and crawled naked towards it. The police officer at the entrance was happily in shock as he saw me. I crawled towards the officer and said, "I have to report something.."
"Go ahead. Do allow some of us to escort you." The officer said and I crawled in. The officers were arguing with each other on who to escort me as I waited on all fours on the ground.
Eventually they decided to close the gates and all of them escorted me. All five of them. I crawled up the steps to the sliding glass door and crawled into the air conditioned front desk. "WE HAVE SOMEONE THAT WANTS TO DO TO A REPORT!!" The officers behind me shouted and every officer in the office turned to look at my naked body as I stood up.
With every officer's eyes on my naked body, I shouted, "I am a horny slut. Please arrest me... I will... This slave will... orgasm in front of all of you!!"
The officers stared at my naked body with lustful stares and smiles as I proceeded to open my legs, fingered my wet pussy and groped my boob. "Uhhh... Arrest me, officers... Ahh!!"
The officers started to laugh and talked about me as I continued to humiliate myself in front of them.
"We got another psycho here."
"A beautiful psycho!"
"How young is this little psycho?"
A soft spank came onto my butt and the officer asked, "do you have any form of identification, babe?"
I shook my head and replied, "No Officer. But I can give you my social security number and any details you want from me.."
Another officer spanked and rubbed my butt. "Why don't we start with your name, baby?"
"Y-Yes officer. My name.. My name is Jizzmine." I replied.
2 hands from 2 officers continued to rub my butt as I continued to finger my wet pussy. "Do you know that being naked in public in a crime, miss?"
"Y-Yes officer. I came here to confess for my crimes..." I replied. Trying my best to make up a story that will get me arrested. "UHH!! OH FUCK!! AHH!!" I screamed and moaned and orgasmed hard in front of the officers. Squirting hard and wildly as I humiliated myself.
"Cuff her, Tony!" An officer said and the officer stopped rubbing my butt and handcuffed my hands behind my back.
"Let's go. Let's talk about your crimes in detail."
"Y-Yes officer." I replied and 2 armed police officers took my arms into the interrogation room.
I was brought into the interrogation room by 2 officers and I was given a chair to sit down. 20 male and armed police officers came into the room and stared at me and my naked body. I waited with a wet pussy and erected nipples until the Chief came.
"Let's get started shall we? This is an unusual case."
"Yes Sir. I'm sorry." I replied and subconsciously opened my legs wider.
"We found your details, but I want to confirm it with you. Your name?"
"Jizzmine."
"Age?"
"28 years old."
"Address?"
"69 blush street, Sir."
"Tell us why you're naked."
"I..."
"What's wrong? Did you not understand the question? Tell. Us. Why. You. Are. Naked."
"I.. I am a slave, Sir.."
"A slave, huh?"
"I do not require clothes since I'm a slave.. Sir.."
The officers started to laugh and the Chief shouted, "BE QUIET!"
"So you're always naked because you're a slave?"
"Yes Sir."
"Even in public or at work?"
"Yes Sir."
"Even as a slave, you do know that being naked in any public setting is a criminal offence, right?"
"Yes Sir."
"Slaves are not legal as well. Does your owner know about this?"
"Yes Sir. But I'm always naked in my own volition, Sir. I am doing this because I want to.. Sir."
"I see. So you willingly submitted to your owner and obeys his or her orders of your own free will?"
"Yes Sir."
The men started to gossip among themselves and the Chief shouted, "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU GUYS MUMBLING ABOUT?!"
"Sir.. Jizzmine's pussy is wet and leaking. It's very distracting, Sir."
"Oh really? Stand up, Jizzmine!"
"Yes Sir." I stood up and everyone could see my wet pussy leaking and dripping.
"So Jizzmine, you're a real horny slut?"
"Y-Yes Sir. I am a real horny slut.. Sir."
"I'll tell you what. I will lock you up for a while and get you registered as a Sex offender. In the meantime, do enjoy your stay here. But if you do something like this again, being ordered or not, you will be sentenced to a lifetime of prison. Understood?"
"Yes.. Yes Sir!!"
"Take her away and call for a press conference."
"With pleasure, Sir."
I was escorted by 2 officers as they quietly and discreetly massaged my boobs until I'm into an isolated holding cell with other male prisoners with my hands still cuffed behind my back. "This is Jizzmine. She got arrested for indecent exposure because she's being ordered by her owner. Have fun with her!" The officers said and walked away.
The men in the cell started laughing as they came closer to my naked and available body. "P-Please be gentle with this slave... Sir.." I said and the 5 of them manhandled me.
----
My hair was pulled and dragged. My boobs got violently massaged. My butt got groped. My pussy had multiple fingers penetrating inside. And I was slapped in the face and kissed by the five of them.
"I'm coming! I'm coming!!" I shouted as I orgasmed hard.
The men laughed and continued to play with my body. "W-Wait.. I just came..."
"SO WHAT? COME AGAIN, YOU SLUT!!" The men shouted at me and got molested until I orgasmed again.
"Let's see how tight her pussy is!" The men said and laughed. I spread opened my legs as I laid on the cold concrete ground. "Fuck me, daddy."
"With pleasure! Slut!" The man inserted his dick into my pussy while the others pinched and twisted my nipples. "AHHH!!" I screamed in pleasure.
"Oh my God! Her pussy is so tight! I'm coming!" The man said and I replied, "cum inside me, daddy. CUM INSIDE ME!!"
The man came inside my pussy and made me sucked his dick clean with my mouth. "Thank you.. Sir.. Thank you..." I replied.
The other men didn't allow me to rest. They manhandled and guided my horny naked body to various sexual positions and continued to have sex with me. Cowgirl front, cowgirl back, standing, and anal as I had my face on the ground.
I fell asleep after the five men had their way with me but only for a mere 2 hours.
"Uhhh... Ah! W-What is this..." I woke up to find myself being molested by multiple men as I laid down on the ground.
"You awake? This is round 2, baby!" The men said and all 5 of them played with my naked body with my hands still cuffed behind my back.
As multiple strong male hands massaged my boobs, stroked my inner thighs and fingered my wet pussy, one of them said, "We know you, slut. You're the cheap prostitute. We've seen you before and used you before."
"Y-Yes Sir.. Thank you for using me... UWAH!!"
"This is the last time we will get to use you. All of us will go going soon. Don't miss us, slut."
"N-No.. Please stay! Stay here and fuck me, daddy!"
The men happily took turns to fuck my pussy again and left my body and face filled with cum.
I laid down on the cold soothing ground as I sweated, drooled and leaked out cum from my pussy.
I managed to get some sleep until the police officers hit the steel prison bars with their batons. "Wake up, slave. These are your visitors!!" The officers laughed as I saw a few faces entering the cell.
Xavier, Adrain, Tony, Hong and Anderson came in. I knew all of them except for Anderson, which he introduced himself as my little brother's boss and good friend.
"Hey baby! Long time no see!" Xavier said and slapped my face.
"S-Sir... I missed you, Sir." I replied.
"Oh really? Do you miss me more or your boy toy Owen more?" Xavier asked.
"Is... Is my husband okay? Is he alright?" I got up to my knees and asked.
"You mean ex husband, right?" Adrain said. "You and him are already divorced."
"I... I see... okay..." I cried silently.
"Don't worry, baby." Anderson said. "Right now, Owen is happily dating Nicolette and having sex with her daily! So calm down, babe!"
"I... Okay..."
The five of them brutally fucked my pussy as I continued to cry in sadness of Owen leaving me..
----
"Wake up and fuck off! You're being released!" My face got slapped and I opened my eyes to see a police officer in front of me.
I slowly got up to my knees before standing up. I got escorted by 2 male officers as I walked in a daze. 'Where could I go to?' I thought and asked myself.
My handcuffs got released and my face was thrown a set of clothes. "Get dressed. We can't let you leave completely naked. Hurry up and get dressed."
"Yes.. Sir.."
I got dressed in front of the 2 male police officers monitoring me closely. I wore a white shirt, disposable panties and a pink shorts. "Take these as well, slut." The officers threw me a pair of sandals and I gratefully wore them. "Thank you, officers."
"We will now drive you to your known address. Follow us."
I followed the officers into their carpark and police car. I sat in the back as the 2 officers sat in the front. When the car drove, I discreetly tore away my disposable panties. I knew where the officers were taking me. They were taking me back to Owen and my home... the only way I could had asked for forgiveness was being completely naked and these panties was in the way.
"Here it is. Good luck with your stupid life and don't commit any more crimes!" The officers said and I got out of the car.
The short walk turned into a fearful and scary walk, with each step I took, i remembered all of the horny and humiliating stuff I had to do. There was no way Owen would forgive me.
I pressed on the doorbell of our married home and prayed for the best. "Hi!! How can I help y-you... Jizzmine! What the fuck you want?" Nicolette answered the door completely naked and my heart sank into depression. Why was she in Owen and my home.. And why was she naked!!
"Honey? Who is that?" Owen asked from the living room and Nicolette turned to smile at me. "Oh nothing, babe. IT IS JUST YOUR EX WIFE!!"
Owen came in his sexy shorts, topless. I blushed at the sight of his body but quickly bit my lips to avoid drooling. "H-Hi Owen..."
"Hi Jasmine." Owen said.
"WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU WANT?!" Nicolette shouted and I trembled as I replied, "C-Can I continue to stay here? I have... nowhere else to go...."
"Well.. I don't know.." Owen said. "It depends on my fiancé!"
"Hmmm..." I looked at Nicolette as she replied. "Should I let her stay?"
I watched in horror and sadness as Owen and Nicolette flirted with each other in front of me. "She really has nowhere else to go, babe."
"I know, daddy. But she will have to obey our orders." Nicolette said and they kissed.
I felt hurt when I heard Nicolette calling my Owen 'Daddy'.
"Of course, baby. Jizzmine will obey all of our orders. Can I leave her to you?" Owen asked.
"Not a problem, Daddy. I'll take good care of her."
Owen left and Nicolette stared at my boobs. "Remove your clothes, slut. Right now. And don't fucking argue!"
"Y-Yes Ma'am.." I replied and started to strip off my clothes. It didn't matter if the public could see me. I really needed a place to stay and this was the only place..
"Crawl in, slave. You're not allowed to walk like a proper human!" Nicolette said.
"Yes Ma'am." I replied and did as she ordered.
I crawled naked into the house as Nicolette guided my hair into the living room. "Wait here while I get The Master."
I didn't understand but I obeyed. I continued to kneel on my knees in the living room and waited for Nicolette.
I started to cry silently as I covered my mouth in shock when I saw Nicolette crawling naked on the ground as Owen held onto her leash. "Go join your fellow slave, Nico."
"Yes Master." Nicolette replied and knelt down beside me, both of us completely naked and on our knees.
"Is this confusing, Jasmine?" Owen asked as he sat on the couch and I nodded my head.
"Let me help you understand... Nico!"
"Yes Master?"
"Suck my cock!"
"Yes Master! Thank you!!"
I watched in horror as Nicolette sucked Owen's cock right in front of me.
"Nico is my slave, Jasmine. We have been best of friends since high school." Owen said and I couldn't believe what I'm hearing.
"You humiliated her before. Our plans of revenge to get back at you consists of me marrying you. I never loved you, slut."
"N-No... NO!! THAT'S NOT TRUE!!" I shouted as I shook my body in fear.
"Well to be honest, you're very beautiful. You have a lovely body. I enjoyed having sex with you." Owen explained as Nicolette continued to suck his cock while I cried and listened. "All these humiliating stuff that you had to do in the past few months, they were all my ideas! Hahaha!"
"No.. No... NO!!! That's a lie!! You dated me!! We went out!! You confessed to me and proposed to me!! We got married!! I love you!!" I shouted in denial.
Owen smiled and replied, "All these are just to see your face right now. You betrayed Nicolette, Slut. You humiliated her. Allowed her a lifetime of shame. This is our revenge!! I never loved you, slut. You're just a sexual toy to me. Right now, you're worth even less. Did you see the news? Everyone knows you're a horny little slutty exhibitionist. Right now you have 2 choices, either submit to me and be my slave or you can fuck off and be naked in public for the rest of your life!! Go get yourself raped!!"
"Mmmm. Master?" Nicolette asked.
"What is it, Slave?" Owen replied.
"Master doesn't need her. Master has me. This slave is more than enough."
"This is my decision, it's not up to you! so shut up and suck my cock properly or you will be punished!"
"Yes Master!"
"Tell me your answer. Right. Now. Jizzmine!" Owen asked.
"I.." tears continued to flow down my face as I thought about what Owen had said. No matter what, I still love him.. Even if he didn't love me in the first place. Even if all these years was a total lie. Even if me being raped and being a slave for Nicolette was all planned by him.. There's no one else I could go to but Owen. "T-This slave will submit to you, Master." I bowed.
"Good. From now on, you are allowed to stay here. Completely naked of course. You will not walk, only crawl. You will obey all orders be it from me, Nico, or anyone. Do you fucking understand?"
"Yes Master. This slave understands." I bowed again and saw Owen cumming into Nicolette's mouth as my tears continued to flow down.
"I will be waiting for you. Nico, teach this slave how to behave in my house!" Owen said and walked away.
"Yes Master. This slave will not fail your expectations!" Nicolette replied and bowed.
Nicolette had swallowed all of Owen's cum and licked the couch before sitting down and looking down at me. "So now you know everything. I wasn't being mean to you because I hate you. I was being mean to you because Master spends more time on you than me."
"Y-Yes Ma'am.." I replied.
"Lick my cunt, you slut!"
"Yes Ma'am."
I licked Nicolette's pussy and began a new chapter of my life as a slave for Owen..