A glistening string of drool breaks as Ruffles pulls her face away from the rigid wooden crate she was sleeping on, letting out a soft yawn as her tiny mouth stretched wide, showing off two rows of sharp, pointy teeth. She rubs her lightly freckled face and brushes the carmine hair from her eyes, slowly opening them to look around at her surroundings. The poor girl had barely realised she'd fallen asleep in the first place, waking up a little confused. She swipes at her face with her wrist, wiping away the saliva from the corner of her mouth. As her eyes adjust to the sun, her cognitive functions slowly fire on one by one, and the memories of last night re-enter her foggy mind, one (literally) shining through throughout -- Her gold coin! Scrambling around her, she leaps off the little crate she was curled up on top of, finding it underneath where she lay. Snatching it cannily and holding it towards her chest, she lets out a short sigh of relief, though her face grew red as she felt a breeze under her legs -- The tear in her pants from yesterday's misadventure.
Yelping as she covers her exposed behind, the two-toned, threadbare leggings having ripped in a way that had most of her green derriere on show. she prayed to the few gods she could name that nobody peeked at her while she was sleeping. The alley she ended up in was luckily out of harm's way - In-between two brick buildings, it was a little storage quad, with wooden crates of various sizes likely holding materials for the building behind it. Two huge doors of corrugated iron shut off the rest of the warehouse, however, the site appeared to be empty for the day. Making sure there was nobody immediately around her, she slowly pulls her little hands away from her cushiony ass, remaining embarrassed at her situation regardless. Ruffles mostly remembers being in a state before she drifted off -- One frenzied, frustrated, and... Horny.
She gradually recollects the events of yesterday's street show -- Guitar, a stray nail, ripped pants, public nudity, sexy dancing, and then... Oh. Her face reaches a brighter shade of red as she cowers her face in her hands, the cold gold coin flat against her forehead reminding her that despite the fact she ended up as a glorified gloryhole, this was her most profitable job yet. Pulling her hands away to look at her coin, she can't help but feel incredibly conflicted. Pushing these thoughts into the back of her mind, she picks up her guitar that lay securely against another nearby crate -- A few more scratches, but compared to the rest of the battered instrument it was almost unnoticeable. A quick strum showed it was in decent enough condition, and she hauled it onto her back with the strap, thinking it would provide some cover for her clothing malfunction. Unfortunately, the guitar lays on her back sideways at her lower back. Though huge in comparison to the roughly four-foot goblin, it fails to provide any valid protection, her enormous, freckled ass on full display.
With fragile confidence she storms ahead, only distracting herself by the thought of her newfound riches and what to spend it on. Food? Maybe a new guitar? New clothes seem like an obvious choice at this point, but she'd grown attached to her outfit at this point, as much a part of her stage persona as her 'bubbly personality', and would much prefer to sew it all up. Her cheeks bounce heftily as she thoughtfully moves one foot in front of the other, swaying her hips in a hurried gait, a common mannerism in goblins to catch up to their taller peers. Her speed walk doesn't exactly draw attention away from her, with her huge tits bouncing in the tight tied top that barely covered them, jaunting back out into the main street she had performed at last. Spyt was a somewhat vertical town, Ruffles having to navigate different sets of steep stairs, travelling across bridges that pass through the winding canal system built as the foundation of the city's architecture.
Her distraction from the obvious would only last so long, however, with the gold coin firmly latched in her hand becoming more of an afterthought as people turn to look at her. She can't help but pass several upstanding Spyt citizens, some up to two times as tall as her. They look down at the thick gob like she was a piece of meat, prey for them to catch. She was partly terrified, but at the same time her newfound exhibitionist streak made it particularly hard to concentrate on finding her way to the shop she had in mind. A warm red washes over her otherwise green complexion, blushing uncontrollably. She'd barely gotten any release from the last night's tension, being edged and teased by her fans the whole time. Ruffles notices just how pent up she's feeling, and the thin piece of silk fabric covering the front portion of her pussy grows visibly damp, soaking the blue and red fabric.
Sweating a little, a hot flush washes over her, and she can't help but glance to those who pass by her. Her eyes widen especially when she notices one of the workers at the show yesterday, one who happened to work for her good friend Gloria. A Vontaan -- Tall, grey-skinned humanoid, often considered a goblin's bigger cousin, with long ears and sharper teeth to match, but far more angular, sharp features. Most had flatter noses than humans, though this particular man's snout was upturned, resembling a pig. He gave Ruffles a knowing smile, a smirk that showed off a couple of his sharper ivories.
"Looks like you survived that mess last night, huh? You looked like you were havin' the time of your life." He teases, looking down at the almost crotch-height gremlin beneath, getting uncomfortably close to her as she looks up timidly. She gulps, trying to sheepishly laugh it off.
"Y-Yep! I even got a shiny gold coin for it, but, um..." She struggles, barely able to find the right words. The goblin turns her head, trying to shimmy past, but as she does he squats and swats her bare ass. She yelps unexpectedly, looking back as he laughs cruelly, the rough callous of his hands adding an extra bit of sting.
"I like the new look. It's like I could just do whatever I want with you." He chuckles, groping her cheek harshly. She lets out a gasp in reply, twitchily looking about in misery, watching those watching her, a mixture of disgust and amusement on their faces. He unabashedly slips his middle fingers under the torn fabric, pressing them directly against her coochie. "Ha! You're such a slut, Ruff, it's great. So easy to just-" He starts, sliding his middle finger two knuckles deep.
Ruffles lets out a squeak -- Though she doesn't try and pull away. He looks up to her with a shameless face of wanting, like he could just pick her up and carry her with him, a similar lust in his eyes to how she was stared at the evening before. It scared her, slightly, but aroused her at the same time. She bites down on her soft lip, hindering a moan, before she mutters a soft "Stop...".
The Vontaan, shakes his head. "Oh come on, you don't think I know you're walking around like this to be used?" He asks, severely overestimating Ruffles' situational awareness. His stockier friend shows up, an unkempt human male biting down on a thick sandwich wrapped in a piece of grease paper as he grins.
"Ish that Rufflsh?" He mumbles, the slightly thinner of the two nodding.
"She's just walkin' around with it all out!" The Vontaan replies with a mean-spirited joviality, reaching around her hip to stretch her cheeks wide to give his friend a view, revealing her big green donut and her sodden cunt. Ruffles practically whimpers as she's forced to bend, covering her face with her hands as if it would genuinely protect her from the outside world.
"Hey, I got an idea. We still got thirty minutes of lunch, right?" He suggests, the first man slowly guiding her towards a thinner alley alongside his thicker friend, with obvious and clear intent. Ruffles is exceptionally flustered, and can't help but allow herself to be walked by the two men, glancing to both of them and questioning if she was really about to do what she had assumed they planned for her. She's sat down on a little wood and iron bench, as the taller, better built worker unbuckles his belt, glancing to the side to make sure nobody was watching them. Ruffles can barely bring words to her mouth as this unfolds, a little confused with what exactly she wants here -- Sure, it wasn't her intention to parade around with her ass out like it was a free hole, but the situation she was in seemed surprisingly appealing. She was so sexually frustrated at this point she was about to snap, and as the first guy wrestles out his girthy shaft, she can't help but react in surprise.
"Well? Warm me up, girl, then I'll fuck you however you like." He starts, leaning his cock closer to her face. Hair at the base of his crotch was unkempt, and his long uncut cock waivered in front of her expectantly. She apprehensively leans forward, giving it a sniff first. It'd been a while since she was near one so closely, and as she takes in its virile scent, her mind continuing to race. She parts her lips slightly, edging further and further forward, the Vontaan standing over her looking down with frustrated expectancy, not appreciating her frigidity.
She raises her hand to grab it, her tiny digits dwarfed by his member, however she pauses just short. She thinks to herself -- Is this really what I want to be known for? She recoils with a moment of clarity, and shakes her head. "I... Um... I need to go!" She yells suddenly, leaping to her feet as she scurries away, both men staring confusedly.
"WHAT? WHERE!?" One yells, annoyedly fishing his dick back in his pants.
"I, UH, FORGOT BREAKFAST! YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY, CAN'T LICK PENIS ON AN EMPTY STOMACH?" She yells back, her voice rising shakily as she blurts out the first excuse that came to her head -- Most of her mental machinations being scran-based. She rushes down a few more labyrinthine pathways, attempting to make some distance in case they decided to follow, now in a full sprint as her ass shakes rigorously. Not exactly a long-distance runner, she quickly exhausts herself, turning a corner with a slowed jog. She pants for air like a warm dog, though the guitar on her back didn't help, the unwieldy thing practically weighing a third of her body weight. She reaches a secluded set of stairs that run down into one of the less used canal ends. Walking down the mossy brick stairs carefully in her heeled boots, she reaches a dark underpass leading into an overgrown section of urban architecture, and an old, partially drained canal area with a small pool of water in the centre which grew deeper towards the main bod, and various bits of discarded furniture -- An old, dilapidated couch, a few crates, and half a horse carriage.
Completely out of breath and sweating heavily, she trudges over to the couch and plops herself down, the worn leather cooling her hot flesh at a touch. She's on fire, both physically and mentally, and as she sets her guitar down she spreads out. The arched bridge above was just ahead, though it was covered by high walls on either side. Sun shone down on the little crevasse between buildings. With her low standards this would have been a far better place to have spent the night, and while she had just slept for a good 11 or 12 hours, she could probably go for another quick nap after that whole escapade. She lodges her gold coin under the tight string of her guitar, firmly locked in a portion of the instrument's bridge. After closing her eyes for a few minutes, she realises she can't stop squirming. Her heart is beating still, and her little heat remains. Confident this was a fairly hidden area, out of the way even with the bridge above, she pulled the waistband of her tight leggings out with her thumb, creating a gap she slides her other hand down. Past down her fiery short hairs, she slips a finger inside herself, recreating some of the movements that were forced upon her earlier.
She starts slowly at first, easing herself into it, but after a few moments she kicks off her boots and strips off her torn pants so she can fully spread her legs. Untying her top and throwing it aside, she bathes in the sun's glow, nude, her entire curvy figure on display -- Not that her usual outfit allows much room for the imagination. She places a hand on one of her massive tits, squishing the soft, heavy flesh as she uses her right hand to massage her cunt, making a circular motion with her two middle fingers towards her clit. Every now and again she lets out little squeaks of pleasure, lost in the sensation as she lets her imagination wander, craving something more fulfilling. Her ass remains a little sore, but she remembers enjoying the sensation before, so she adjusts her position to have her ass up in the air, face down, with one of her lubed fingers reaching behind her back. She caresses the hole, warming it up, before slipping two of her fingers inside, squirming at the sensation. She continues to make cute little noises as she presses her face into the bouncy couch, but as the smell of smoke reaches her nose, she finds it difficult to concentrate on her movements.
She continues for a few minutes, assuming it was just another ambient smell of Spyt, but it was too strong to ignore. She pulls her fingers out with a wet plop, and leans up, only to see something that utterly stunned her. Ruffles' tits jiggle as she leans up into a kneeling position, only to be face to face with a tiny amphibian, crouching on the arm rest. It was a frog -- A cool green colour, only a little lighter than her own skin tone, with red-tipped, sticky fingers. It was roughly the size of a tea mug, but it sat there in a strangely human-like manner, smoking a half-burned cigarette in its mouth. Ruffles furrows her eyebrows in bewilderment at the smoking frog, leaning in slightly closer, broken from her trance.
"Nice Rack." It says, in a deep, textured voice, with an accent foreign to Spyt. Ruffles screams, scrambling back to the edge of the settee as she flails her feet, kicking the poor creature and sending it flying across the mossy concrete, making a pathetic plapping noise as it lands.
"NO!" Ruffles yells, feeling immediate regret as she rushes off the couch, treading carefully on the slippery ground, peering over towards the creature. "Are you okay? I didn't mean to! I swear! I didn't want to do- I just got scared- I, wait!" She yells out in a complete panic. She had no idea what the frog was, exactly, but she felt bad regardless, and the concept of taking a life of any kind was mortifying.
"Ough." The frog groans, clambering to his feet, standing on his hind legs in a semi-crouched position. He peers over to the cigarette, having been put out in a soggy bit of ground. "Ah, fuck, you know how hard these are to get a hold of when you look like me? And for the love of the gods, stop screaming. It'll take a lot more than that to kill ol' Hugo." He proclaims, his voice surprisingly powerful sounding for coming from such a little body. From this angle, Ruffles can see a small scar lining the frog's brow towards the back-centre of its head. By no means was it fresh, but to her it might as well have been.
"You're hurt! We need to get you to a hospital!" She yells, picking him up in her hands. He's fits snugly in her palms, though he struggles a little as if dizzy.
"A hospital? Are you fuckin' stupid? The hell are they gonna do with me?" He laughs, his chuckle gruff and grainy, almost wheezing. "I've just got a headache or somethin', don't worry about it. I could do with another ciggy, though." He says, pointing to a cigarette box inside a crate. Ruffles slowly walks over towards it, squatting down with Hugo in her hands, and picks one out. Inside the crate are various little furniture items -- A bed made from a matchbox, filled with scrap fabric -- A surgical scalpel that had been mounted on the wall like a soldier's sword, lengths of fishing wire, and a little metal cap that had been used as a stew pot. The frog had been living in this underpass for a while, it seems.
She picks up the cigarette and a flip-lighter that had been put in the box as a semi-permanent fixture, and lit it for the frog. "Um... Mr. Frog... If you don't mind me asking... What are you?" She inquires, sitting back down on the couch as she looks at the specimen, examining it closer as she peers around it from all angles.
"A fuckin' frog, obviously. Would it be too much to ask for you to rely on your own powers of observation? Maybe they're just little underdeveloped. Idiot." He starts, taking a puff. "Names' Hugo. I was human, but, uh, I've been cursed. Now I'm a fuckin' frog, and I'm pretty depressed about the idea." He grumbles, shaking his head. "Barely even get to talk to people. Most scream and run when they see me. Or they try to kill me. You're clearly the latter -- What are you, some kind of psycho midget?"
"I didn't try to kill you! I didn't mean it!" Ruffles yells defensively, genuine guilt on her face.
"Calm the fuck down, alright? I'm just playin with ya'. You remember your name?" He asks, raising an eyebrow as best as a frog's face can manage the expression.
"Ruffles! I'm a bard. I like food, adventure, and coins!" She explains, as Hugo rolls his eyes.
"Yeah, yeah, I asked for the name, not the full story."
"So... Why are you here?" She asks, buzzing with questions.
"Assuming you're not asking me the big questions here, so I'll take you literally." He poses, taking a second to consider his past. "Used to be a pirate, down south in Louvra. Worked with a crew there for a while, hunting for some great treasure, but I found my own. Beautiful woman called Kattia - She's a powerful witch. Lesson one? Never date a fuckin' witch. Turns out she's a complete psycho. Cold -- Heartless, even, treated me like I was a goddamn lab rat, but, heh, the sex was pretty good. Can you blame a man for wanting a little more warmth in his love life? I loved her, but fuck if she didn't make it difficult. Caught me whorin' when we stopped by the capital after we found the actual treasure, but, uh, didn't appreciate it so much. Polymorphed me into a frog. Hopped from ship to ship here, just kinda roamin', I'd say lookin' for a cure, but you'd be surprised at how unwilling are to help me. I thought I was charmin' but apparently people think I'm 'creepy' and 'rotten.' What do they know?" He babbles, clearly having been preparing this for a while. It looked like he just got a lot of his chest, Ruffles was one of the only people he'd been able to hold a genuine conversation in a while.
"Yeah, what do they know!?" Ruffles cheers, blissfully unaware. "What is a polly morph?" She asks, Hugo waving her off in response.
"Transformation. One thing into another. Human to frog. Easy to grasp, yeah? You can just think of it as a curse." He explains.
"Oh! That's horrible! She sounds mean... But that doesn't mean cheating is right!" Ruffles continues, pointing sternly. She firmly tells him off, and Hugo chuckles.
"Yeah, well, it was complicated, you know? You wouldn't get it, it's a long story." He deflects, puffing some smoke out to the side again.
"But you're a real adventurer? That's amazing. You've really been to sea? With pirates?" She starts, mouth agape in awe. She seems to be impressed, only having met a few of his type in real life before, though those are circles she isn't exactly involved in. She's made many stories up in her song, however, most of them were very obviously fictional -- Eight-foot goblin heroines with ridiculous muscle, wrestling thought-extinct dragons to the ground with their bare hands.
"Sort of. Those days are long over, though, course I can barely hold a sword. Kept my skills sharp just in case, though, been training with a discarded surgical tool I found. I've killed so many rats, you have no idea. What the hell is up with you, anyway? You walked down here like you just fought for your life, and touched yourself like it was the last day of it. I thought you were gonna squirt all over the good half." He remarks, nodding towards the better-looking portion of the discarded sofa.
Ruffles pauses, blushing as she remembers she's naked. She hasn't quite grasped the fact that inside the little frog is a human perspective, and feels perfectly comfortable in her nudity around Hugo. "Well... I'm a performer. My last one didn't go so well, and I guess my patrons got really excited..." She starts, Hugo nodding.
"Classic musical orgy. Been there, done that, some real beauties down in free Louvra territory." He reminisces, nodding and smirking as certain memories come to mind. "Not to be confused with a classical music orgy, that stuff, eh, too dramatic." He chortles, shaking his head softly.
"Y-Yeah." She nods, shamefully. "I got a hole in my pants, and, well, people got very excited. After that, I got paid a gold piece, though, so it's worth it!" She smiles. Hugo shakes his head -- A gold piece was nothing, though a person like Ruffles could easily live off one couple of days. "Though today I had to walk around town with the same hole, and... People still got excited! One of them even touched me again. I, uh, couldn't do what they wanted, though, so I ran down here. I guess I was a little hot, so I took of my clothes."
"And fingerfucked yourself?"
"Y-Yes." Ruffles blushes, looking away.
"Been told Goblin women can get insanely horny. Get these crazy heats, smell real good. Interesting to see it as true." He recalls. "Though you're the most brazen of them all." Attempting a wink, he surprises himself in his success, as if he hadn't explored the full range of expressions in his new form.
"Yeah! You know, my friend Poelle told me that goblins give off unique ferry moans!"
"F- Pheremones?" Hugo confirms, laughing a little. "Yeah, something like that. Know what, Ruffles? I like you. You're alright, for a sex pest." He teases, Ruffles scowling at him in return. "You know, being a frog fuckin' sucks. I don't even got a dick. But... Uh, I think we can strike a little deal, yeah? You want adventure? I can guide you. I'm a professional, I even know how to use a sword. You, though? You gotta help me figure out how to turn back into a human. Permanently." He explains, thinking for a moment. "There is one saving grace. That bitch wanted to tease me, right? Said that if I can find a girl dumb enough to snog a frog, I can get my old form back for a bit. I have no Idea how long -- It could be two minutes, for all I know, but I want to try it. I'm not saying you're dumb, but you're kind. I can tell. Maybe you'd be willing to do this kind thing for me?" He appeals, trying to play Ruffles into his hand, despite literally being in hers.
Ruffles smiles as she listens to him talk about an adventure, nodding enthusiastically. She bounces on the spot, grinning from ear to ear. "I'd love to!" She yells, before listening to the explanation about a kiss. "Well... If it'd help you, I'm happy to try!" She smiles, taking the cigarette out of the frog's hand and leaning in close, puckering her lips and closing her eyes. Hugo leans in, pursing his lips as best a frog can, reciprocating the kiss. Their lips remain together for a few moments, Ruffles growing ever more disappointed. The moment she starts to pull away, she feels something shift in her palm, opening her eyes to a truly disgusting scene.
Hugo's little green form wriggles and writhes, twisting suddenly as he screams out in utter agony. As if something underneath his skin was trying to escape, odd bulges push underneath his outer meat. Suddenly bursting, his body twists into a fleshy mush that grows, and grows, before it resembles something humanoid. The weight on Ruffle's lap grows as the figure straddles her, eventually reaching it's full height of around six and a half foot. The figure leaps off Ruffles' legs, the poor girl fearing that he would crush her, yelling out into the air. "YAHOO!" He roars, his shoeless feet slapping against the ground as he leaps up triumphantly, punching the air with a great swing before landing messily. His heel slips on the mossy stone, but he keeps his hands either side to steady his balance. He doesn't fall, though he carries a huge grin on his face as he turns to his freer.
He clearly wasn't lying about his time as a fighter -- He had an incredible build. Muscular, with bulky arms and legs, big pecs, and faintly defined abs. It was obvious he had atrophied a little, or had not been eating enough as a frog, but he was still impressively bulky, built for practicality and less so vanity. He has silky silver hair that ended at his shoulders, straight with a centre parting. He has an angular, handsome face and strong jawline, with a thick moustache adorning his top lip, light stubble around the rest of his chin and cheeks. He has a medium amount of white body hair, and he must have been in his late 40s or 50s, a well-aged silver fox who wasn't entirely past his prime just yet.
"Yaay!" Ruffles yells out in tandem, getting up to clap as Hugo rushes towards her, lifting her up into the air with a big spin. She squeals as he presses her huge chest against his, squishing her tightly before throwing her back on the sofa. He looks down, gesturing his hands towards his cock with a huge grin. "Oh, how I've missed you!" He yells, having been transformed with a raging erection. His cock was impressive, at least for the onlooking Ruffles, at around 8 inches long, with a hefty weight to it. His balls dangled beneath heavily, and at the base of his crotch was a trimmed bed of white hairs, with a happy trail leading up to his belly button. Ruffles also gets a decent look at his tattoos -- Of which he had a handful.
On his left arm was a portrait of an old-looking kobold, reading 'KOROMEN R.I.P' underneath, and the letters 'BBM' across his chest in a sort of crude font, both of which relatively faded. His body was heavily scarred, having seen plenty of combat. His eyes were piercing but expressive, and he had a small scar on his brow that matched the one seen while he was a frog. Ruffles also sees the hyphen-shaped frog pupils in his eyes for a few seconds, before he blinks, and they disappear. He was of a far higher standard than most men in Spyt, and Ruffles couldn't help but swoon a little as she watches. He wears a strange expression, though, of hollow delight -- Frustration, perhaps. A wide smile, with angry eyes.
"Holy shit! I'm so pent up, you have no idea! I'd say this is what getting out of prison feels like, but they never fuckin' caught me!" He yells, grinning, looking towards Ruffles almost expectantly. "Well? You wanted to scratch that fuckin' itch! Spread em!" He beams, and she cant help but smile in reply. She wasn't completely satisfied, interrupted earlier, and she has no real reason not to this time -- Apart from the fact that that this is a complete stranger who was until recently a tiny animal, who she had known for about ten minutes. He seemed trustworthy to her, at least, but Ruffles wasn't known for being a great judge of character.
"Yeah!" Ruffles replies, leaning back on the sofa and spreading her ample legs a little, though she lets out a little squeak when Hugo grabs them, lifting her ankles up over her head. He pulls them apart, exposing her more private parts in entirety, as she attempts to cover her breasts with her hands in some last-ditch, futile effort of modesty. Her slit was still soaked, and her asshole winked in anticipation. Hugo could barely decide what to go for first, grinning like he was about to tear into a huge feast.
"Fuck, you smell good." He breathes, still with a wide smile on his face, always slightly skewed to one side in a permanent smirk. Her scent was strong, but by no means bad -- An erotic, mature, musky smell that Hugo seemed to be enjoying thoroughly. "I've got a good nose on me, you know."
"T-Thanks?" She asks, almost self-conscious, though she barely gets a chance to say anything else before he burrows his face into her groin, pushing his tongue in her twat, starting off low as he practically tonguefucks her, nuzzling her crotch. Pulling his tongue out momentarily, he dives in again, moving further up as he plays with her clit, skilfully swirling his tongue around her sensitive spot, sealing it with his lips as he sucks on it in his mouth. She adores the tenderness of his tongue, especially in comparison to her previous experiences. Though the encounter was very sudden, it was far more passionate, and she felt more loved than used. The heat in her grew to a peak as he dexterously devoured her cooch, following up with a playful kiss on her ring. Her legs were still raised up high above her head, her toes squirming as she feels each tingle run through her body.
She bites on her lip as he slides his heavy cock between her lower lips, dragging it between her valley without inserting, slathering it in her juices. Ruffles is squirming, begging for relief as Hugo continues to tease her, edge her. She's driven wild, bucking her hips in this position to try and force him to fuck her, as Hugo brings up her frustration to a peak. Watching her go wild, eyes devoid of all but want, practically begging with big, dilated pupils, panting impatiently. Teetering back, he rolls his hips ever so slightly, and with his next thrust he plunges inside her. She lets out a squeak of delight as he starts, balls pressing against her cheeks as he slides all the way in, before teasingly pulling back.
The man can barely hold himself back either, and he pushes forward once more with intent. He lets go of Ruffles' legs, letting her feet rest on his shoulders in a tough position, though, as a dancer, she's more than flexible enough to handle it. He grips the back of the sofa, and locks eyes with her, a slight smile skewed on his face. "You ready?" He asks, to which she replies with an exasperated moan of approval, nodding her head as he thrusts deep once more. It gets steadily rougher, this time, as Hugo pounds her like he's been waiting for decades. His powerful movements are only aided by his own strength, and in this position, each thrust hits the perfect spot for the poor goblin, ramming her senseless. he yelps with every thrust, a soft but high moan that echoes slightly under the bridge behind them Accompanied by the noisy sounds of flesh on flesh.
The size difference is something -- Ruffles dwarfed by Hugo, completely dominated by his strength as he fucks her further beneath him, completely at his whim. The slow, passionate pace beforehand had turned into something animalistic, furious almost, as he rams her like it was his last day on Oria. Her racing mind and filthy thoughts are replaced with bliss, entering a complete trance of pleasure as her hole is pounded, dicked mindless. It was as if everything was leading up to this, and she'd be perfectly happy with only this, from now on. Hugo's stamina was particularly impressive, but it wasn't too long before he started to lose proper control of his movements, his thrusting becoming far shakier and rougher. With a gruff grunt, he pushes down on her, hilting the length of his cock inside. His shaft jolts as he empties his balls inside her, filling her gap with thick man-cream. Ruffles yells out in absolute bliss, her legs shaking and cunt clenching as she's filled up, using her finger to rub herself at the same time, her arm lodged tightly between the sweaty pair. She reaches a tipping point, squirting all over Hugo's stomach.
They lay there for a few moments, completely locked, before Hugo slowly pulls out. His own cum drips over the sodden sofa, pooling on the ground as it pours from her ravaged hole. He backs off, allowing her to put down her sore legs as she lay there, panting, with a soft smile on her face. She raises her left arm, putting her wrist on her forehead as she lay exhausted. Hugo almost falls on his ass, sitting down on the stone as he catches his own breath.
"F-Fuck." He grins, staring at his handywork. "You have no idea how long I've needed to get that outta me." He says, though his cock remained rigid, his lust apparently not entirely subsided. Ruffles, however, was destroyed. Barely able to come up with a response. His legs were a little shaky as he stood, but Ruffles noticed something else a little odd about him. He seemed almost possessed, armed with a powerful libido she wasn't sure she could keep up with.
"W-Wow..." She musters, as Hugo comes in closer, kissing her soft tummy and moving up towards her chest, tugging on her nipple with his mouth. She softly whimpers, and he moves up to the right of her neck, kissing it tenderly. She keeps her hand over her face with her arm up, panting, covered in a sheen of sweat. Hugo moves to the left side, gently grabbing her wrist with his much larger hand to keep it in place. He moves in closer to her armpit, where he draws a long breath. From all the running before, and the rigorous physical action now, Ruffles had worked up a distinctive scent, though Hugo wasn't wrong about goblins generally smelling good. She peers through her fingers at what he was about to do, but he dives in and starts to lick, dragging his tongue up the length of her underarm.
"Eh-Ah!" Ruffles moans, the sensation bizarre but pleasant. It's a sensitive area, ticklish, but being licked like that was a surprisingly stimulating sensation. Hugo laps up her sweaty pits shamelessly, as Ruffles practically squeals. "W-What are you doing?" She whimpers, confused but enjoying it nonetheless. Her legs were still jelly from before, but she couldn't help but fidget as he brought his other hand up towards her crotch, his rough fingertip rubbing up against her clit. She squirms at the stimulation from both angles, her initial tenseness turning into acceptance and appreciation as he turns her into jelly in his hands.
"Y-You're still big?" Ruffles questions, feeling his rigid rod press up against her thighflesh. Words weren't coming to her mouth in the way she intended, her brain scrambled to mush.
"Apparently." He responds breathily, dragging himself away from her pit. His eyes scanned her plump, curvy bod, taking note of her eager expression.
"C-Can you... Can you put it in my butt?" She requests, swivelling her hips to press her pillowy tush up against his shaft, caressing it with slow movements. "I- Um. It feels really good, there, as well..." She stammers. Ruffles was borderline shameless, but it was a different experience with the silver haired stranger. Considering they just made a deal to be partners, she wanted to be seen with some kind of dignity and respect. Hugo, however, obliged comfortably, inserting a slippery finger in her backside, stretching her ring around his thick digit. "Y-Yeah! More!" She nods heatedly.
She lay on the couch sideways as he sat in an upwards position, the back-half of the sofa having been snapped back flat from their brutal fucking. Hugo slips his thumb inside her, stretching her hole playfully, tugging on the edge of her asshole. She fidgets needily as he slips his finger out, adjusting his position to prop his tip up against her donut. With a slow forward thrust he wedges it inside the snug hole. Ruffles lets out another little squeal of delight as Hugo plugs her second gap, rising to a comfortable but far less rigorous pace. He was tiring out, almost like his cock was outpacing him. Even he seemed a little confused by it, but couldn't quite stop himself. Ruffles lay on her side with her chest turned upwards, her colossal tits bouncing with each smack of their hips. Hugo leans over to pop a nipple into his mouth, tugging on it with his lips and cheekily nibbling her nip.
He tongues her stiff nipples a little longer, Ruff stroking the back of his head with her clawed fingers, moaning elatedly. Hugo, however, pushes away, leaning up to focus entirely on slapping his hips against hers. Ruffles reaches back up with her arm, pressing a stubby hand to Hugo's scraggly cheek as they lock eyes, a remote but joyous stare on her face. He embraces her arm with his, but slides his hand up to grab her wrist. Leaning further back, he drags it for extra leverage to pound her. He pulls her arm towards him tightly and with each ram he pushes her away, keeping her close on his cock as she wails, her lips shaped into a circle, her eyes clenching further shut as he picks up the pace.
Exhausted, Hugo pounds into her one final time, wrapping his arms around her as he creampies her other hole, stuffing her with his thick white goo, the tiny goblin's hole stretched wide to accommodate his girthier features. Ruffles squeals out an exasperated "Yes!" as Hugo spasms inside her, pulling out to another tiny stream of splooge oozing away onto the completely destroyed sofa - What he at one point considered his favourite chair. Ruffles lay there in paradise, panting happily, paralyzed. Hugo's furious lust hadn't subsided, however, and he leans over with his back rising and falling as he pants, strands of hair obscuring his features. Standing up, Ruffles barely had time to recover before he reaches for her head, guiding it towards the edge of the sofa. She lay on her back with her tied hair falling down onto the ground below, and she barely had time to protest before Hugo slipped his cock between her lips.
His heavy bollocks press against her nose as he slides his cum-smeared shaft all the way down her throat, bulging the front of her neck as the poor girl gags. Her mouth produces hot, wet, noisy glucking noises as he skullfucks the goblin, who isn't in a position to resist. His poignant balls, still smelling of her, slaps against her nose over and over as her eyes squeeze shut. Desperate for air, she pushes against his stomach to get him to stop, but her little strength results in a futile effort. She just holds her throat, feeling it swell as he drags it back and forth, air was barely getting to her lungs. Her pathetic attempt at resistance remains unnoticed as he leans over her, slipping two fingers in her slit, fingering her rapidly, his seed still inside her. He pushes his two fingertips up against the top wall of her pussy, hammering it with quick flicks of his wrist. Poor Ruffles was completely overwhelmed, her brain starved of air and her pussy pounded relentlessly. His fingers were so fast that she couldn't help but reluctantly squirt again, jittering as she rides the heights of another orgasm with a cock in her throat.
She makes as much noise as she could with a plugged mouth, her hips bucking in pleasure and discomfort as Hugo rips his fingers out for a second, only to slip them back in as soon as she was finished. She had passed the point of passionate lovemaking, and it had turned into something entirely carnal, reminding her of how she was railed by her patrons at the street show -- Used, broken, but fulfilled. She was physically exhausted and yet she was still pushed to the edge, her body could barely handle it, and yet she was in a state of absolute rapture. Hugo would bring her to the brink of a third orgasm after another three or four minutes, and as she came, he clutched her throat securely, ramming his own inside. His balls pressed tightly against her face as she could feel every movement of his dick in her mouth, splattering her throat with semen, forcing her to chug down every ounce as she spluttered and gagged, clawing at his wrists, for it was all she could do.
Her legs kicked as she ran out of air, but Hugo gave her the chance to finally properly breathe, pulling out with his last two spurts covering her chin, and leaving a small puddle on her chest. Saliva stringed from her tongue to his cock, and Ruffles had all but checked out -- Mentally and physically exhausted from the ruthless Hugo, she'd blanked out, just panting with a half-smile, her eyes rolled up into the back of her head. What she expected to be a quickie ended up a sweaty, profane fucksession. A quick glance at Hugo revealed he had hardly begun to feel the same. He was still at full mast, panting, staring at her with all sense of his humanity lost. He was a complete animal in whatever state he had become, and Ruffles, afraid, dragged herself back up into a seated position, pulling her legs up to her chest.
Hugo takes ragged steps towards her, his hands outstretched like a horny zombie. He pants heavily, his physical form exhausted, but his lust drove all reason out. Ruffles shrieks suddenly as the familiar symptoms of a transformation began, however, his outreached arm pulling back violently. First, his bones started to crack, and twist, folding back in on themselves as he lets out an atrocious scream, begging to keep his humanity. "No! I'm not done! Don't you fucking dare, I've got so much to do!" He pleads, practically turned inside out as his flesh morphs, folding, and squishing in until it resembled something like what she had first seen -- A little frog, roughly the size of her hands. It falls from where he was standing, between her legs, and the little creature lay on its back as if deceased.
Ruffles barely allows herself to catch her breath, her immediate concern the little frog. Worried, she leans over the edge of the sofa, reaching out to prod him. "H-Hugo...? I didn't kill you again, did I?!" She asks, immediately dropping her fear for concern. The little frog turns over, groaning, exhaustion on it's face.
"What the fuck..." It mutters in a low, tired groan. "That bitch... That fowl bitch... Ruffles, I'm so sorry, I couldn't... I couldn't control myself..." He starts, panting. He points over to his little crate house, requesting a cigarette with a two-fingered hand gesture. Ruffles hurriedly obliges, though sticky and exhausted, she could still manage to walk a few steps and light one up for the frogman. He takes it, drawing deeply from it. Almost immediately rejuvenated, the little creature leans up, wheezing.
He spends a moment looking over his form, considering what just happened. He stares back up apologetically. "I think the curse isn't just the frog... That woman... Heh, course she did. Ruffles, I get my human body back, but... I can literally only think with my dick. She always says I was too horny for my own good, but this? This is twisted." He comments, looking over his goblin companion. "What the fuck have I done to you? You're not hurt, right? By Flurbenshnycle's bones, I didn't-"
"It's alright!" Ruffles replies with surprising enthusiasm. "I'll live." She chuckles, picking up the little frog as she trudges towards the pool of cool water by the overgrown underpass, slowly descending into it. She steps in, until the waters reach her chest, holding Hugo just above the shimmering water. It was extremely soothing on her sore muscles, and she gave a little smile to reassure him. "You're crazy! But, it was pretty fun! Nothing Ruffles couldn't handle." She proclaims, giving a confident little smirk.
"You're somethin' else..." Hugo starts, in disbelief that she can just bounce back from that. "It was like I was on the edge; you know? Never satisfied, but in a pretty extreme state of mind... Fuck, man, that wasn't worth it at all. Clarity is one thing, but this? It's like I was spectating myself from the outside looking in. That isn't me. Not all the time, anyway. Don't get me wrong, I'm an animal in bed, but that is too far."
Ruffles just plants a fingertip on Hugo's lips, trying to shush him. "It's okay! Really. I didn't mind, at all. Though maybe you should stay a frog for a bit, heh. Don't want you goin' all wild like that again. As fun as it was, I mean." She grins gleefully, a resilient, brave look that shows the little goblin had more that meets the eye. Hugo saw it, in that moment, that she was a lot tougher than she let on. Hugo nods, puffing on his cigarette once more before tipping the ashes carelessly into the fresh water. He seems relieved for a moment, before his eyes open wide in sudden realization.
"Shit, Ruffles! I wasn't even thinking, I could have got you knocked up then and there! Your kids can't have a fuckin' frog for a dad! That's insane! I can't raise kids! I did a bad enough job of helping the captain out with his!" He panics, though Ruffles doesn't seem nearly as concerned as him, laughing at his crisis.
"It's okay, Hugo! My friend mixed up a little potion for me. I don't have to worry about that stuff, as long as I take one every month!" She proclaims, Hugo raising a slimy eyebrow.
"You know an alchemist? Seriously? Like, on friendly terms?" He asks, leaning in close in intrigue.
"Yeah! Her name is Poelle La Pelle! She's another goblin, but, she's one of the only real healers in Spyt! People from all over the region come to ask for her help. She's usually pretty busy, but, she'll always make time for me! We go way back!" She explains, clearly passionate about her friend. Hugo looks excited, almost, as he throws his cigarette in the water.
"She might be able to help!" He proclaims, hopping up onto Ruffles' head. "She might know an actual solution, hah! Maybe she can brew up something to deal with this! Or reverse the polymorph somehow! Anything'l help at this point!" He yells, pointing behind Ruffles. "Alright, kid, we've got a lead! Let's head there as soon as possible!"
Ruffles giggles at his enthusiasm, but she pauses as she uses one hand to scrub her face. "After all that? I don't think so. I could sleep for a week!" She comments, yawning as she finishes washing herself off, splashing the water all over her body. She unties her hair, dunking her head in as she runs her fingers through it, shaking her head as water splashes all over. Hugo manages to hop to safety in time, watching her bathe, the cool water dripping from her flesh. He might not have the libido of his equally cursed human form, but he could still appreciate the finer things, like watching the green shortstack bathe herself.
Ruffles waddles ashore, her drying method more resembling a wet dog than a dignified woman, staring at the couch that was banged into disrepair. "Well... I can't exactly sleep on that. I guess I could buy an inn room with my new coin!" She yells, smiling. "And breakfast!" She starts, imagining the luxury food items she could afford -- Quality sausages, whole hams, steamed fish... Her imagination goes wild, when in reality she could probably rent out a mid-range inn for a night with a slightly above-average breakfast.
"Alright! Far better digs than this shithole. I only came here cuz it looked quiet, but I cannot stress how much a change of scenery is needed." He says, hopping over to his little box crate. "Alright, let me get my thing." He says, starting to pack. He crawls inside, grabbing the medical scalpel he had used as a hunting utensil, and carries it with him. He looks around as Ruffles dresses herself, and spots her guitar. "You play well?"
"Yeah! Well, a lot of people come to my shows, so I think so!" Ruffles replies, though the music is not usually the reason for her popularity. Hugo examines it for a second, the guitar covered in crude etchings -- One done by Ruffles herself, though she had spelled her name 'Ruffels', and had to cross out the e and l to swap them out above. There was also a cock, squirting across the length of the instrument, some boobs crudely scribbled in that more resembled eyeballs, and more vulgar, scratchy imagery. "An artist. too?"
"Um... No, I didn't draw all of these. Sometimes I woke up and they were just... There?" She explains, pointing out her name as the only one she had written. Hugo thinks for a moment as she dresses herself, pulling on her torn leggings that barely constituted a functional piece of clothing, and her tight cloth bikini shirt precariously wrapped around her bosom. Hugo scrapes the wood with his scalpel, figuring out what he wanted to etch into the battered instrument. He ended up with an arrow pointing to the central sound hole, the words underneath simply read 'HUGO'S HOLE', in remarkably neat writing - at least next to 'Ruffels' - and he crawls underneath the strings to sit snugly inside.
"I mean, can't expect you to carry me around everywhere. This'll work! Could do with a chair, or a cushion or something, but It'll do for now. Alright, Ruffles, inn time?" He asks, his voice amplified by the acoustics of the guitar. Ruffles nods, tying up her wet hair in her usual style, in a thick bun at the back with two longer sections dangling down in front of each ear, reaching her chest, which she would usually tie up. Ruffles picks up her guitar, and grasps her coin firmly in her hand, ready to continue her journey -- To visit Poelle, her friend, the alchemist. Somehow, after all of that, she had completely forgotten about the hole in her pants once again. At least the heat seems to have subsided. For now.