It was the week between Christmas and New Years. I was both looking forward to it and nervous about it. My family, well my husband's family, had rented a cabin in Tahoe. We'd never done that before, we'd never spent four days together, just the six of us anywhere, never mind a cabin in the woods. To make it worse my husband's sister Julie was bringing her boyfriend, a man we'd never met.
So it would be me, my husband, his mother Betty, his father Lou, his sister, and her boyfriend. I tried to think of the positive. Tahoe was beautiful this time of year. My husband and I both skied, the house came with two snowmobiles, and was on the tram route to the mountain. There was also plenty to do in Tahoe, so we could be out of the house if it got to be too much, but I was also looking forward to doing nothing if I could.
My husband and I were the last to arrive. Betty was in the kitchen, Lou was in the living room. Julie's boyfriend was sitting with Lou. I'm not sure where Julie was.
I focused on Julie's boyfriend. It was hard not to. The man was gorgeous. Julie was 22 and I knew this man was three years older. That made him my age at 25. He had dark brown hair and beautiful grey eyes. He was sitting but as we came in, and Lou made introductions, he stood up. His name was Cameron. Of course I knew that. He was 6'2 and built. Big shoulders and a great smile. His arms filled his shirt as he moved. I was sure he had a six pack going on.
Somewhere I heard Lou say, "and this is my son Peter and his wife Maggie," but I was so busy checking Cameron out I didn't respond.
My husband nudged me.
"So nice to meet you," I said. "I've heard a lot about you."
"Any of it good?" He asked laughing.
"Some," I replied, going along with the joke.
"Well, I hope I live up to that part, although, the naughty parts are always fun too," he quipped.
The joke was a bit inappropriate for someone I'd just met, and in front of my husband and my in laws, but from him it didn't seem so bad.
Lou laughed and said, "Well, so far he's been good."
We all laughed.
Just then my sister Julie bounced into the room. I had not seen her for a few months. She was transforming from a college girl to a working woman. She looked beautiful. At 5'5" and 130lbs she had an amazing body. Her blonde hair was shorter with a more professional cut, but she could still wear it in a pony tail. She was wearing yoga pants and a tank top that pretty much showed off every curve she had.
"What are you all laughing at," she said, eager to join the conversation.
"Oh, we were just trying to decide if Cameron here is good or bad," I quipped.
"Well, all I can say is he's very good when he's very bad," she laughed.
Lou covered his ears. "I don't need to know this," he said with a smile.
Julie kissed him on the cheek. "Sorry daddy. Try not to think about your little girl all grown up," she teased.
Lou just shook his head. We all sat down and made small talk. The conversation flowed smoothly. Cameron made a good living flipping houses. He had a degree in architecture but he and his brother had been flipping houses since he was 18. They also owned a few rental properties.
I was impressed with him and happy for my sister. He seemed wonderful. He made us laugh, as well as respect him. It was obvious he loved Julie just from the way he talked about her and the way he looked a her.
He was also a flirt. He was good at making me feel good about myself. I didn't mind. He made me laugh, and, having a handsome man flirt with me didn't suck either. At 5'6 and 140 lbs with a 36c chest, I knew I held my own, but he had a way of confirming it with sincerity and humor.
He flirted with my mother in law too. She was eating it up. Julie got her good looks from Betty. She was an older version of Julie. At 45 she had kept her figure and still turned heads. They were often mistaken as sisters.
The conversation was fun, the flirting was all light hearted and nothing Lou or Peter objected too. We chatted through dinner. After dinner we played cards. Finally Julie declared she was tired.
"I'm getting tired," she said. Then looking at Cameron she said,"and if I hope to be bad before I fall asleep we'd better head to bed now."
Lou covered his ears again smiling. "La la la la la la," he said.
We all laughed.
"Duty calls," said Cameron. "Good night all. See you in the morning."
Everyone laughed as they left the room.
The rest of us decided to play a few more hands. Truthfully, I was having a hard time keeping my mind on the game. My mind wandered to Cameron and Julie having sex upstairs. I was having trouble concentrating on the game. In my mind's eye I could imagine Cameron taking off his shirt. I pictured what his muscles must be like. I wondered how it would feel to be scooped up in those strong arms.
After a little while I said, "I need a sweater." I stood up to go get one from my room. I really didn't want a sweater. I knew what I wanted. I walked up the stairs wondering if they were still having sex. I didn't have to wonder for long. As I entered the hall I heard them.
"Oh god, fuck me, fuck me,"
I could hear Julie's voice.
"God I love your cock. I'm so yours. I'm your lover, your slut, fuck me, God yes, yes, fuck me.
I stood there listening. Thinking about that hot man fucking Julie made my heart beat faster. I knew I should have left, but I stood there listening.
"Give me that sexy pussy baby," I heard Cameron say. "Come on baby, show me you want my cock."
"God I want it," I heard. Then I heard rhythmic grunting. "Mmmmph, mmmph, mmmph, I could tell he was jamming his cock in her.
"God yes," Julie moaned. "Anything you want you can have."
"You know what I want," he replied.
"Yes, mmmph, what can I mmmmph do," she panted between grunts.
"Just be my slut ," he replied.
They continued to fuck. I felt flushed and warm. I headed back downstairs. As I I wondered what he wanted. It seemed she'd do anything for him.
I joined the others
"Couldn't find your sweater?" asked Betty.
Dammit, I'd forgotten why I went up there. "No, I decided, I didn't need it after all" I replied.
We played a few more hands and all headed to bed. By the quiet in the hall it was obvious Julie and Cameron had finished.
When we got to bed I was horny. I rolled over and gave Peter a passionate kiss. He kissed back. I slid my hand down to his cock, he stopped me.
"I'm not having sex with my mom in the same house," he said.
"There're at the other end of the hall," I complained.
"Night Maggie," he said. He kissed me, rolled over, and closed his eyes. He was asleep in minutes.
I couldn't sleep. I could feel a need between my legs. I tossed and turned. About 1:00 I got up to use the bathroom. As soon as I stepped in the hall I heard them again.
"Yes, yes. Fuck me, fuck my pussy, fuck me harder. Give me that fat cock. God I love it, I love how it fills me up."
Julie's room was right next to my in laws it was obvious she did not have the same concerns Peter did. I stopped to listen for a minute. I could feel the wetness forming between my legs.
I went to the bathroom then hurried back to my room. I looked at Peter sleeping. What the hell, I thought. I pushed off my pajama bottoms and climbed into bed. I bent my knees and spread my legs. Dropping my hand to my pussy, thoughts of Cameron's hot body running through my head, I masterbated myself to an orgasm. Peter slept right through it. I finally fell asleep.
The next morning I woke up to sounds of Betty already in the kitchen. I pulled on my bottoms and went downstairs. Betty was in a short robe starting breakfast. For some reason I noticed what great legs she had.
"Morning dear, did you sleep well?" she asked.
I assured her we did and we made some small talk. Julie wandered into the kitchen. She was wearing a short tank top and a pair of skimpy boy short panties.
"Morning dear," Betty said as she said to me, then added, "Did you sleep at all last night?" She teased. She didn't mention that Julie looked practically naked.
Julie smiled, "I know, I'm a bit noisy, but I can't help it. He is such a good fuck. You would not believe his cock."
I was shocked that she was talking like that to her mother. Betty just said, "Well, it certainly seems to make you happy.
Lou came in next. "Well, you look rested," he said to Julie. He looked at her. "New pajamas?"
"Yeah, Cameron prefers me looking like this," Julie said.
"Well, I guess we can't blame him," Betty threw in.
Cameron came in wearing boxers and a t shirt. "Smells good," he said.
I almost said, "So do you." He smelled of sex, wood, and leather. It was intoxicating.
I couldn't help but look at his boxers. You could tell there was more than usual in there. When I looked up I realized he'd caught me looking. I blushed. He just smiled and went on like nothing happened.
Peter was the last to join us. He looked at his sister and then at me. It was obvious he had no idea what to say. I just smiled inwardly.
We had breakfast, and after Cameron said, "I'm going to go shower."
"I'll go with him," Julie said.
Betty and I watched her run off. The bathroom was right at the top of the stairs. Cameron got in first. Julie knocked on the door. Cameron opened it. He'd already removed his shirt. He stood there blocking the doorway. I couldn't tell if he still had his boxers on. He said something to Julie. She stripped her panties off and dropped them in the hall. He let her in.
I looked at Betty. She just shrugged. "What would you do for a man who looked like that," she said.
I couldn't help but imagine them fucking in the shower. I looked at Peter. I was getting really horny.
The rest of the day Julie,me, and Peter decided to go explore Tahoe. Lou, Betty, and Cameron were going to do some shopping. We all met for dinner. During dinner Cameron kept the conversation flowing easily although somewhat flirty on the pg-13 side. Nothing too bad. Well almost nothing. There were two things he said that were a bit too much, but, being Cameron, no one seemed to mind.
At one point he'd commented on Betty's legs. Lou agreed Betty had great legs. Somehow that led to Cameron making the comment, "I bet those legs feel great wrapped around you."
To which Lou responded, "They do."
Another conversation about me was even bolder and led to Cameron saying, "I'd like to see her on her knees."
The statement should have outraged me and Peter. Instead I just blushed. Peter said, "I bet."
That surprised me. Peter rarely wanted blow jobs. He was pretty vanilla when it came to sex. Pretty much missionary or me on top. That was it.
The rest of the day continued in a great mood. Cameron was flirty and Betty and I gave as good as we got.
Julie recommended we all hit the hot tub. It sounded like a great idea. We all went to put on suits. I had a one piece that I thought was appropriate for Peter's mother to see me in. When we got to the hot tub, Julie was already in. She was wearing a skimpy little thong that barely hid anything. Cameron was wearing swim trunks. His hard body in full view. Again my eyes drifted to his crotch. Again he caught me and smiled. Betty and Lou showed up. Betty was wearing a string bikini I'd be embarrassed to wear. It barely covered more than Julie's thong. The sad part is she looked great in it. Peter often asked me to wear something like that. I was too embarrassed to show that much skin. We all climbed in and chatted. Finally it was bed time. We all went up at the same time.
This time I got into bed naked.
"What are you doing?" asked Peter.
"I'm horny," I said. I'm sure I shocked him. I never used that language.
"Come on Maggie," he answered." Quit fooling around. My mother is just two bedrooms away."
I was frustrated and a little peeved. I pulled on a top and got into bed. Peter fell asleep pretty quickly. I was left to toss and turn. I wasn't happy. After about an hour I decided to go get some water. As soon as I entered the hallway there was the unmistakable sound of sex. Julie was obviously quite verbal.
"Fuck me, give me that cock, mmmph, that's right, fuck me hard. I love fucking you, fuck you slut, fuck me."
Then I realized I also heard voices from Betty and Lou's room.
"Mmmm, yes, that's it, mmmmmm," I heard Betty's voice.
"You like that?" said Lou. "Are you thinking of me or of Cameron's hard body?"
She moaned.
"Oh, so you are thinking of him. Does listening to him fuck Julie turn you on? Are you wondering how big his cock really is?
She moaned again. "Just fuck me asshole," she said. Then, "Yes, that's it, give it to me."
I'd heard enough. Everyone was getting fucked but me. And why were the women in Peter's family so verbal and into sex yet Peter so reserved?
I went back to bed. Pictures of Cameron fucking Julie went through my head as I started to play with my pussy. God it felt good. Why wouldn't Peter fuck me like that. I imagined what it would feel like riding Cameron's cock. I wondered how big it was. I imagined my pussy being stretched. At some point I pictured Betty being fucked by Cameron. Her on her knees taking his big cock from behind. That was it. With that picture in my mind I came, then fell to sleep.
Friday morning I got up and dressed. Peter, Julie, and I were going to go skiing. Cameron wanted to stay in and get some paperwork done. Lou and Betty were just going to chill. We all went our separate ways. Peter, Julie, and I jumped on the tram to the slopes.
The skiing was great but I was getting tired. Peter and Julie wanted to ski more. We agreed to meet back at the house. I grabbed my stuff jumped on the tram and headed for the house.
When I walked in the house I heard the unmistakable sound of sex. Betty and Lou were obviously having sex in the kitchen.
I heard Betty. "God yes, oh god, I love that cock, fuck me, fuck fuck fuck, it feels so good, fuck, mmmmph, fuck."
Wow, Lou was really giving it to her. Then I heard Lou's voice
"You like that? You like that big cock? You like feeling his big cock in your slutty little cunt?"
Wait? His? What? I couldn't help but look. There was Betty, bent over the table, her jeans and panties were around her ankles, and Cameron was behind her fucking her hard. I could see the muscles in his ass as he drove into her. I couldn't tell how big his cock was but I could tell her pussy was stretched around it. As I was taking this in I realized that Lou was sitting there watching. He had his cock in his hand and was encouraging her.
"Go ahead baby. Show him what a great fuck you are. Take that big cock. Cum all over it. Show him you're as good a fuck as Julie." Then to Cameron, "That's it fuck my wife. You've fucked my daughter, now make my wife your slut. Fuck her."
"Oh my god," said Betty. "Lou, from now on I am his slut. If he wants to fuck me. I'll run to him. I love you, but I love his cock. He can do things you haven't. He can cum in my mouth. He can fuck my ass. I'm your wife, I'm his slut
I couldn't believe what I was hearing and seeing. It both shocked me and made me wet as hell. I was focused on that thick cock stretching Betty's pussy. The fact that Lou was watching her get fucked shocked me. I slipped upstairs before anyone saw me.
Alone with my thoughts my mind was racing. Camron was fucking Betty. Should I tell Julie? Lou was watching. Should I tell her that too? Betty looked so hot being fucked. I had never seen someone get fucked before. It was hot. Lou thought watching her was hot too. What would Peter do if he saw me fucking someone else. Probably pass out. Before I realized it I had unbuttoned my jeans and had my hand in my panties. I pictured me, bent over the table, Cameron's cock stretching my pussy. I came all over my fingers.
Julie and Peter arrived home. I started to head downstairs.
"Where's Maggie?" Betty asked.
"Oh, she left early," said Peter. "Didn't you see her?"
I saw Lou, Cameron, and Betty exchange looks.
"She must be in here..." Betty was saying as I came down the stairs.
Betty started making small talk. The conversation flowed easily between all of them. I felt oddly out of it. I wasn't sure what to do. I didn't know if I should say something. I resolved to tell Peter when we were alone
We all sat down for an after dinner board game. Eventually it was bed time.
When we got to our room, I decided to tell him."
"Peter, when I got home today, something weird was happening."
"Weird? how so, he replied.
"I really don't know how to say this," I said.
He just looked at me, waiting.
"Well, when I got home I walked in on your mom and Cameron having sex," I said.
He just looked at me.
"Not only that," I went on. "Your dad was watching them."
That seemed to bring a reaction.
"Watching?" he repeated.
"Yes, he was watching and masturbating."
"He was watching mom have sex with Cameron?" he asked as if to clarify.
"Yes," I responded.
"Wow, watching," he mumbled.
It was kind of weird. He wasn't really commenting on his mother screwing Cameron but seemed more fixated on his dad watching.
"Yeah, he watched," I repeated. "What should I do? Should I tell Julie?"
"Well, it's really none of our business," he said calmly.
How could he be so calm? I just told him his mother was screwing his sister's boyfriend and his reaction was, 'it's none of our business.' Now what?
Then he shocked me.
"When you think about it, it's kinda hot " he said.
"Hot?" I responded in surprise. We'd been married three years and he never had said anything was hot.
"What was hot?" I asked. "Your mom having sex with Cameron?"
"Well yeah," he answered. "But the idea of a man watching his wife have sex is hot."
"Do you want to have sex with someone while her husband watches?" I asked.
"Of course not," he said. "I only want to be with you."
"Then what? You want to watch me have sex with someone else?" I challenged.
"I just think the situation was hot." He said avoiding the question.
That gave me something to think about. Did he want to watch me have sex? He didn't say no. A picture of Cameron fucking Betty flashed in my head.
That gave me a lot to think about. I again had trouble sleeping. This time the noise from the bedrooms started before Peter fell asleep. In fact this time it seemed as if Betty and Julie were trying to out do each other.
From Julie's room we heard. "Oh yeah, fuck me, fuck me, give me all that cock. Mph, yeah oh god yes, you are the best fuck. Shove that cock in my pussy, in my ass, in my mouth, anywhere you want it. Anywhere. Just fuck me."
Meanwhile from Betty's room. "God Lou, that was amazing. I love big thick cock, it makes me feel so full, fuck me, yes fuck me."
I wasn't sure if she was talking about Cameron to Lou's cock. I was pretty sure it was Cameron's.
I kissed Peter. This time he didn't push me away. To the sounds of his mother and sister being fucked Peter rolled me on my back and stuck his cock in me. It felt so good but also like I was missing something. I tried to relax in the rhythm, but I heard Julie and Betty. They were still being fucked and loud about it. I could never be that loud, I'd be to embarrassed.
It took about 2 minutes and Peter came. I rarely came from sex with him. This time it left me extremely frustrated. Especially knowing both Julie and Betty were still getting fucked.
Peter rolled over and fell to sleep. I immediately stuck my fingers in my pussy. I felt the messy cum and then I took my messy fingers and rubbed them on my clit. I listened to Betty and Julie getting fucked. I imagined it was me bent over a table with Cameron's cock in me. I came, I thought that was it, but it wasn't, I wanted more. I started jamming my fingers back in my pussy. I came again. I felt better, but still like something was missing. I fell fitfully asleep.
I got up the next morning. I was shocked when I entered the kitchen. Betty was wearing a fairly translucent robe that when she stood in front of the light you could see her entire body. Julie was wearing a t shirt that came halfway down her ass. Her ass and pussy were completely on display.
Peter was speechless. So was I. Cameron and Lou were carrying on a conversation like nothing was unusual. I didn't know what to say, I just joined everybody and acted like everything was normal. I did notice that both Betty and Julie shaved their pussies. Mine was trimmed for a bathing suit, but that's it.
Friday Julie, Cameron, Betty and I wanted to go exploring on the snowmobiles. Julie and Cameron wanted to drive. It was decided I would go with Cameron and Betty with Julie.
I went upstairs to get ready. Julie followed. I realized this was my chance to talk to her. I followed her into her room and closed the door
"What's up?" she asked.
It was disconcerting talking to her with her ass and pussy showing but I was determined.
"I have to tell you something," I said
"Ok," she responded.
"I don't know how to say this, but I saw Cameron fucking your mom yesterday."
"Oh my god, no!" she said.
"Yes," I said.
"Tell me all,' she insisted.
"Well, when I got home from skiing your mom was bent over the table and Cameron was fucking her from behind," I explained.
"Oh wow, was she liking it?" she asked.
I was confused. What was she asking?
"Um, yes, she seemed to be."
"What else?" she asked.
"Um, well, umm, uhh, your dad was watching," I stuttered.
""Oh my god, really?" she exclaimed. "He was just watching?"
Her voice almost sounded mocking, but I was sure it was just the shock.
"Well, he was watching and jerking off," I couldn't believe I was telling her this.
"So," she said. "Let me get this straight. Mom was bent over a table, Cameron was fucking her, she was loving it, and dad was jacking off watching?"
I nodded.
"That's just what Cameron told me too. Except he told me how hot mom's pussy was and how he got her to fuck him. It was pretty hot," she explained.
"Cameron told you?" I asked, stunned.
"God yes, he tells me everything. I love hearing about how he fucked someone. Wanna hear how it happened?"
Reluctantly I nodded my head.
"Well," she started. "Cameron is a great flirt. I'm sure you saw it the last two days."
I nodded
She continued, "When we got here, one of the first things Cameron said was 'your mom is hot'. He told me he wanted to fuck her."
I must have looked shocked.
She went on, "Oh I don't mind. I love watching Cameron fuck. He is so hot and he takes care of all my needs. I am his total slut. He can fuck me or anyone he wants. I know he's mine. Plus, it's kind of hot having a woman know your man is a better fuck than hers.
Anyway, he told me he wanted to fuck mom, I just giggled and told him to go for it. Wednesday and Thursday he flirted with her, he kept pushing her limits and seeing how dad reacted. Cameron is great at seducing women and gaming men. He's fucked other women while their husbands watched."
I was stunned.
"Friday when we all left if you remember mom was wearing that short robe. She'd bought it the day before at Cameron's suggestion. Cameron commented on it and mom said to him 'I'm glad you like it." Cameron then told dad that his wife was hot. Dad responded that he thought so too. Cameron said he had work to do. He got up and hugged mom from behind thanking her for everything. She backed into him, he was semi hard and he knew she could feel it. Cameron has a great cock.
Cameron said, 'Sorry Lou, I have to kiss your wife.' He grabbed her and kissed her. Dad watched. Mom kissed back.
Cameron turned mom to face dad. 'Help me get her out of these jeans." Dad undid her zipper then Cameron pushed her jeans down and fucked her over the table."
That was it? Lou just unzipped her so Cameron could fuck her? I had a picture of Peter undoing my jeans in my mind. I just sat there speechless. Julie brought me out if it. As if she'd just told me it's cold outside instead of how her boyfriend fucked her mom, she said, "Get dressed, let's get going."
Thousands of thoughts ran through my head as I got dressed. I met the others and we all climbed on the snowmobiles. I climbed on behind Cameron and wrapped my arms around his waist. All I could feel was muscle. I just wanted to run my hands up and down his body.
As we rode I thought about what Julie said. She didn't care who Cameron fucked. I wondered how I felt about Peter. I guess I wouldn't care, but it wasn't because I was proud or satisfied. It's because it would just mean he'd leave me alone. How sad I thought. I loved my husband. I wanted to want him as well.
I spent the day flirting and laughing with Cameron as we rode we talked. He made comments about how sexy I was. I believed him. It was flattering knowing this sexy man found me sexy.
I could see Julie and Betty talking and laughing. I wondered what they were talking about. Julie knew Betty fucked Cameron but didn't care, could they be comparing notes?
The morning was great fun end it was time to head back. We arrived at the house and as we entered that Betty said let's get out of these wet clothes. Right in the doorway she and Julie started taking off their clothes. Peter, Cameron and Lou were watching. I started taking off my wet outer layer.
They were faster than me. They both stripped off everything but their underwear. Julie was wearing little pink boy short panties that were practically a thong along with a matching bralet. Betty was wearing a white practically see through thong and a matching bra. They turned to look at me. I took quick inventory. I was wearing a pair of pink bikinis. The kind that came three to a pack and a functional white bra. Nothing I'd want to show off in fact, I'd brought nothing I'd want to show off on the trip.
I realized that neither Betty or Julie knew what happened was going to happen, so the underwear they were wearing was what they usually wore. I was kind of ashamed that I didn't.
Not wanting anyone to see I went upstairs and put on a warm sweater and jeans. Julie and Betty followed me up and went to their rooms.
Julie yelled to the guys, "If you make some hot chocolate and a fire to keep me warm, I promise it will be worth it."
I wondered what she meant by that.
I was downstairs with the guys when Julie came down. I could see why she wanted to be warm. She was wearing a little V-neck T that came down almost past her ass and a little see through thong. You could see her ass and pussy as she walked. She plunked herself down on Cameron's lap.
Betty soon followed. She was wearing that translucent robe again,but barely tied shut. She sat down next to Cameron, he put his hand on her knee.
"Cameron looked at Peter. "Looks like your wife is overdressed," he said.
I wasn't sure how to respond. I was shocked he said it, but I also wondered how Peter would respond. I didn't say anything.
"Um, seems that way," Peter said.
"Well fix it," said Cameron jokingly. "I've been dying to see more of her since we got here."
Peter looked down, "I don't think she'd let me,"
I still hadn't responded. Too many thoughts flying through my head. No way I wanted Peter to undress me, well, maybe. I imagined showing of my body to Cameron. He was so hot, I wanted him to like it. The thought made my pussy tingle. I looked at Julie and Betty. I was still in my pink bikinis. I didn't want to be embarrassed. If Cameron was going to see me I wanted him to think I was sexy.
Then I thought, what was I thinking, this man fucked Betty and Julie. Was I going to be another conquest? I thought about how loud both Betty and Julie were when they fucked him. How they both praised his cock. I had been with four men in my life, all had average cooks. Could a big cock be all that much different? My mind flashed back to seeing his cock stretching Betty's pussy. Damn that looked hot.
"Sure she would," I heard Cameron say.
Cameron looked at me. "Stand up," he said.
I don't know why, I felt mesmerized, I stood up.
Cameron said to me, "I really want to fuck you."
Just like that, in front of my husband. In front of Betty, Lou, and Julie. I didn't respond I just looked at Peter.
"Don't look at him," Cameron said. "He'd love to see you fucked the right way.
I thought back to the conversation Peter and I had had. I realized that Peter had never said yes or no to the question.
Cameron stood up, he scooped me in his arms and kissed me. Again the scent of wood and leather. I could feel the muscles in his chest and arms as he kissed me. I didn't resist. I kissed back.
"Tell me what you want," he whispered in my ear.
I moaned.
"Say it," he pushed.
"I want to make love to you," I said.
"No you don't," he said. "Tell me what you really want."
I pulled back and looked him in the eyes. I thought of Peter behind me, not moving, not objecting. "I want you to fuck me," I whispered.
He pulled off my top. Now I was in bra panties and jeans.
"Go ask your husband to undo your jeans."
I knew I shouldn't, but my pussy was driving my body. I turned to Peter. I figured I'd give him a chance to back out.
"If you want this, undo my jeans," I said.
I stood there watching his face. He reached for the buttons.
"This will change our lives forever," I said.
He hesitated a minute, then undid the buttons on my jeans.
"Unzip them," Cameron said to Peter. It was obvious we were all under Cameron's control now. Peter unzipped my jeans.
Cameron then pulled me to him. He undid my bra. I shrugged it off and let it fall to the floor. I instinctively covered my tits with my hands.
With one arm he scooped me off the ground and held me. With the other he pulled my hand away. He wrapped his lips around my nipple.
I couldn't believe I was letting him do this but it felt good. Knowing I was being watched only made me feel slutty. Unfortunately I realized I liked feeling slutty. A lot. My husband always treated me like a wife. I wanted to be treated as a lover. I wanted to be fucked, not made love to. I moaned as he sucked on one nipple then the other.
"Get out of those pants," he said.
Not wanting him to see me in my pink bikinis I stripped of my pants and panties at the same time. I immediately became self conscious of my bush. It was neatly trimmed, yet Julie and Betty shaved theirs.
I looked around. Betty was stroking Lou's cock through his pants. Julie had her fingers in her panties. Peter seemed to be rubbing his cock through his jeans.
Cameron pushed lightly on my shoulders. "Suck me," he said.
I'd given maybe ten blowjobs in my life. I did not consider myself an expert. I got down on my knees and unzipped his pants. I wondered how big this thing was. So far I'd heard how amazing it was. I was kind of nervous as to what I would find.
What I found was not a monster. It was about 9" semi hard. It felt thick in my hands. My fingers could not reach around it. It was circumcised and as it got hard, perfectly straight. I wrapped my lips around it. I could barely get the tip in my mouth. There was a drop of precum that was salty on my tongue. I used both my hands to stroke his cock while I lightly fucked the tip in and out of my lips. It grew hard. It must have been 10" hard.
After a few minutes he pulled me to my feet. I didn't look at him. I looked down. I didn't know if I was good or not. He'd stopped me so quickly. I assumed I sucked at it.
"Mmmmm, that was good baby," he said. I looked up at him and smiled.
He reached both his hands under my ass and lifted me. I wrapped my legs around his waist, he carried me to where my husband was and dropped me, facing out, into his lap. He grabbed my legs and pushed them apart.
"Hold her legs," he said to Peter.
Peter grabbed my legs and pulled them back. I could feel his cock hard through his jeans. I looked around the room. Julie's panties were now on the floor and her fingers were buried in her pussy. Betty was on her knees between Lou's legs sucking his cock.
My pussy was dripping wet. Cameron knelt down between my legs, I mean between mine and Peter's legs. He placed the tip of his cock against my pussy and with his hand rubbed the head up and down my slit lubricating the tip. Then he started to enter me. I felt my pussy lips give way to accept the head of his cock.
He started gently pulling it out and sliding back in. With each stroke my pussy accepted more and more of him. I tried to relax so it would be easier, but I couldn't, I held my breath. It didn't hurt. It felt amazing. Like every piece of my body was full. I kept my eyes open and focused on his grey eyes.
With one last thrust he was all the way in me. I tilted my head back and breathed in. When I did I saw my husband's eyes watching me intently. I almost forgot that he was holding me and spreading my legs.
"Oh my god," was all I said.
Cameron started pumping his cock into me. With every thrust I felt my pussy stretch and move with him. I could feel the pulling at my clit as he thrust.
I was never a loud fuck, but now, after listening to Julie and Betty, I wanted to be loud.
"Oh my fucking god," I sighed. "This feels so good. I never knew a cock could feel like this."
Julie moved and sat next to Peter. She took my hand.
"I know, Maggie. Enjoy it."
I let myself go. The thrusting became more urgent.
"Ungh, ungh, ungh," I grunted with each thrust. "Oh God yes, fuck me, give me that cock, fuck me. Fuck, fuck, fuck fuck."
Julie held my hand with one hand and played with her clit with the other. "That's it Maggie, take that cock. Fuck him."
The sound of her voice sent me to my first orgasm.
"Ohhhhhhh," I sighed.
"Oh yeah," Julie moaned as she came in her fingers beside me.
Cameron just kept fucking me. Thrust after thrust of his hard body and hard cock. With Peter holding me, and Julie holding my hand, I placed my other hand on Cameron's chest. I felt the hard muscle beneath his skin move with every thrust. I came again.
This time I was louder. ""God yes. Fuck. Fuck me, unghh unghhh unghhh. Fuck."
I suddenly remembered Peter was spreading my legs. "Fuck Peter. His cock is amazing. You're going to have to spread my legs for him again. Any time he asks, I will fuck him. I want to fuck him in our bed."
The thought of lying on my back, in my bed. Peter holding my legs open, and feeling Cameron's hard body on top of me made me cum again.
"Yesssss," I hissed.
Cameron pulled his cock out of me, "Noooooo," I moaned.
With his strong arms he picked me up and flipped me over. I was on my knees. I pressed my head and chest to the floor. I spread my legs a bit so he had complete access to my dripping pussy.
He placed the tip of his cock against my pussy opening again. I was soaking wet. He still took his time with his first thrust. Slowly thrusting back and forth till again he was buried inside me.
I looked at Peter. He pulled his cock out and started jerking it as he watched. Betty had repositioned herself and was sitting on Lou's cock and fucking him. She was grunting as he fucked her.
"Yes, yes, yes."
Now Cameron started really fucking me. I grunted with each thrust. Soon he had me cumming again.
"Fuck yes," I cried.
I was getting tired. Cameron put his strong hands on my hips to steady me. I felt like a rag doll. He was just pushing me and pulling me on his cock. I came one more time. I couldn't fuck back anymore. I collapsed letting his cock slide out of me.
I rolled onto my back and laid there panting.
"Oh my god', I sighed. "That was amazing."
Cameron was kneeling there with his still hard cock in his hand. I spread my legs and begged, "please cum in me."
He positioned himself on top of me and guided his cock into my well stretched pussy. He started fucking me again. With everything I had left I started fucking back.
"Cum for me, please, cum for me, give it too me, squirt inside me," I begged
If it was possible I felt his cock getting bigger. I felt he was going to explode.
"Oh yes," I cried as I came again. "Cum in me. Make my pussy yours."
I felt him shudder and then hot jets of cum squirted against my pussy walls. Even as wet as I was I could feel it hot inside me. Pulse after pulse. Somewhere in my brain I heard Betty cumming beside me. I came again.
He pulled out. I didn't even have the strength to sigh. The last jet of cum landed on my belly and tits, as if he were marking me."
"Mmmmm," I sighed contentedly.
I looked at Peter. I don't know when he came, but he had sticky cum all over his hands and clothes.
I looked at Julie. She smiled at me. "Told ya so," she laughed. I smiled back.
Julie got on her knees and pushed Cameron on his back. "You're not done yet," she said as she lowered her mouth around his cock.
He smiled.