Tiff burst out laughing as she collapsed into the back seat of the cab and Marcus shut the door to go around.
"Good night?" said the cabby in a thick Russian accent.
"Unbelievable!" said Tiff. "Have you ever seen that movie The Devil's Face?"
"Ya, the mountain climbing movie with Cliff Rockman. He's shooting something in town."
"I just met him!" Tiff explained exuberantly. She grinned as Marcus got in. "You have to tell him!"
"Tell him what?" Marcus asked.
"He's been working on the movie they were shooting..." Tiff began.
"I was a carpenter on set," said Marcus modestly.
"Ya, where you going?" asked the cabby.
Marcus cleared his throat and gave their address stiffly, but Tiff was drunk and still unable to believe what had just happened. "Did you see the way the director's wife was looking at you?"
"I saw the way Handsome Cliff was looking at you," Marcus said, laughing. "He was undressing you with his eyes. I'm actually glad you didn't wear that little blue dress."
"Oh, get real!" Tiff laughed.
"I'm serious. I know you think he was only being nice, but he was flirting with you like mad."
"Fuck off!" she gasped as she considered the possibility that an action movie star had been trying to get in her pants. "So I should assume anytime a man is friendly, he just wants to have sex with me?"
"Seems safe," said the driver.
"But he's a movie star!"
"It's not super prestigious," Marcus assured her. "That guy will bang anyone."
Tiff nodded, smirking at her husband. "That makes sense. What about George and... what was her name?"
"Victoria."
"Ah, yes," Tiff agreed in a stuffy British accent. "Victoooria. I only ever heard her called 'yes dear'."
"Yeah, that was weird. I'd never met her before, and Mr. Logan was acting way different. Like, oh my god, who are you."
"Yeah, you said he was some kind of control freak, but he looked like a beaten dog."
"Classic bullied passing it on," Marcus said, nodding.
"That was so fucking crazy!" Tiff squealed. "Is that why you've been working late so much?"
"No, that was because there was a lot of work to do."
"You really never met Victoooria before?"
"First time ever," Marcus assured her, hand over his heart. "She just flew in for the wrap party."
"I drove her from airport last night," said the cabby. "Intimidating woman."
Marcus and Tiff laughed delightedly, gossiping the rest of the ride about the celebrities in town the last few months. Tiff's mood was still buoyant as they stumbled into the house. They just flicked on the lights in their studio apartment and Tiff sprawled to the bed. "I can't believe that I met a movie star. And he came on to me."
"You're beautiful," Marcus told her. "And like I said, the man tears through pussy. I only saw him a couple times before tonight, I was lowly to him, but when he saw you he gained respect for me. He was ready to fuck you right in front of me."
Tiff chuckled. "Can you imagine?"
Marcus smirked, nodding. "I can imagine he'd start making out with you right there at the bar."
"Oh really? Do you imagine me reciprocating?"
"Sure, I can imagine it. Acting all nervous and shy, but deep down so excited. I mean, he's so famous and haaaaaandsome! Sigh!"
Tiff leaned against him, giggling. "Well, he is pretty handsome. You wouldn't mind if I kissed him?"
"Not in my imagination," Marcus murmured. He kissed her softly once, and again more deeply. "I imagine those big famous hands exploring your body in front of everyone."
"They're so strong from all the rock climbing," Tiff agreed. "He leans over and whispers, 'I need a co-star for my next movie: Mounting the Bulge'."
"Good title," Marcus chuckled.
"Thank you. But oh, we need a director."
"Mr. Logan, to the set..."
Tiff shook her head, and put her nose into the air. "I think Victoooooria is better suited to this task."
"You know she didn't have an accent, right?"
"In my imagination she does," Tiff said. "She starts telling Cliff what to do. This is classy though, live theatre. There are at least thirty people in this bar, some disbelieving, some shocked, some excited, but they're all watching. They can't look away. Some of them are whispering amongst themselves as Cliff Rockman uses his big strong hands to lift me onto the bar and push my legs open.
"In my imagination, I did wear that little blue dress, and Cliff Rockman's hand is pushing it up along my thigh, his hand beneath it. he kisses me as he steps aside, holding my leg up so all the patrons can see my panties, directed to do so by Victoooooria. She's nodding in approval as she leans over for a closer look, and puts her hand between my legs. She doesn't quite touch me, sneering down her nose at me, and motions toward her husband.
"'Servant, you will operate the camera,' she says airily. He doesn't have a camera, so he uses his cell phone. 'You,' she says, indicating you. 'Carpentry boy. If I'm not mistaken, you're erecting some wood right now.'"
Marcus shook his head, laughing. "In your imagination, people make stupid sex puns constantly?"
"Not constantly, but often. And Victooooria doesn't appreciate that you don't appreciate her wit. 'You cheeky boy,' she snarls. 'You dare mock me? I was going to let you and Cliffy have some fun, but now I think you'll have to earn this slutty pussy back by being very obedient.' She points to a tall chair and commands you to sit on it, which you do.
"'Now you're just another face in the crowd,' says Victoria, turning her attention back to me, where Cliff waits patiently, still putting my panties on display, my legs held wide apart. As I squirm, embarrassed, I start to notice that the thin fabric feels a little damp. I can hardly believe it, but this surreal situation, all those men and women looking on, is making me horny."
"All those people looking at you?"
"I can hardly believe the way they're looking at me. I feel myself being turned on by it, which turns them on even more, which makes me even hornier. Cliff, under orders, unfastens my top sensually."
"I thought you were wearing the blue dress," Marcus said, touching her sternum at the top of her blouse.
"It has buttons now. He pulls them open one at a time, slowly exposing more of my flesh to the crowd. It's all but silent, the sharp clicks of Victoria's steps echoing through the room. She directs Cliff Rockman to finally touch my scorching, throbbing pussy, just through the cloth, but I can feel how slick and slimy it is. He pulls them out, and down my legs when Victoria tells him to, and throws them onto your lap.
"'Smell those,' Victoria says. 'You love that sweet, dirty smell in your wife's panties, don't you?'
"You're too busy huffing my panties to reply. You taste them for the flavour of my excited juices, and you know that I'm enjoying this as much as you are."
"Mm, Tiff," Marcus moaned. "This is really turning you on."
"My pussy is bare now, stared at by so many people, it starts oozing faster. Cliff's thick fingers spread my sopping lips for all to see." She did it herself so Marcus could look. "Everyone can see the way it quivers, begging for cock.
"No matter their opinions before, every face now wears desire plainly. Even Victoria likes the looks of it. She's a pussy whisperer, you see."
"She's a what?" Marcus asked, reaching into the bedside drawer.
"She can communicate with vaginas, and learn their secrets."
"You've got quite the imagination."
"Thank you. Anyway, she leans down close to my pussy, and breathes in slow and deep through her nose, like it's a glass of wine. She dabs my clit for a little taste and licks her full lips.
"'You want a cock in there, don't you sweetie?' she asks quietly. 'Such a nice, well behaved girl, should get a treat. Now! I need a volunteer from the audience!'
"Six guys rush out, ready to go, but Victoooria raises a hand and they all stop obediently. I study the eager men as she plays eenie meenie minie mo, then disregards the result to choose a tall man in a leather jacket. He's a good-looking guy, and he looks kind of familiar, like the bad guy from the movie. Oh my god, it is that guy! What's his name?"
"His character's name was Teddy Magnate. A little on the nose, and we had to call him that all the time. He was one of those method actors, and he lived Teddy Magnate."
"Oh, that's perfect!"
"No, it was fucking annoying."
"Sure, Teddy Magnate is a snooty prick. Pretty boy billionaire Teddy Magnate steps forward from the crowd, removing his belt as he approaches. 'You want me to fuck this peasant whore?' he asks disdainfully. You shuffle uncomfortably, kept in your chair by one sharp look.
"Victoria makes room between my legs, tracing a finger along my thigh. 'Peasant maybe, but this woman has only ever been with one man. That one right there.'"
"Wait," said Marcus. "How does she know that?"
"My pussy told her. According to Victooooria, my pussy is yearning for another cock. Teddy Magnate smirks at you as he drops his pants. 'Lets be fair. I'll give you a million dollars if you'll sign a few nondisclosure agreements.'"
"Only a million?"
"'Okay a billion,' he says in a nasal voice. 'Is she the only one for you, too?'
"Well, as you know, there were others before me, and Teddy Magnate can tell by the look on your face. He grins, rubbing his dick. He lines it up."
Marcus placed her toy against her thigh, and she took it from him. "His cock is so hard as his swollen head budges my clit. Mmm, my pussy's on fire. Victoria says it's begging for this new and exciting cock. She commands him to enter me."
Tiff threw her head back as she pushed the dildo in. She looked at Marcus, who glanced up from her pussy and met her eyes. "Mm, his cock is going into me. It slides in easily as I thrust my hips toward his. His dick is so hard, so eager. In fact, it's far too eager; five or so pumps, and the old money oil tycoon is fully primed. He pushes in deep as he comes.
"I feel like I've been pretty easy going through all of this, but that struck me as incredibly rude. He was already a huge disappointment, and then coming inside me without any discussion? My pussy is apparently burning with fury at his pathetic performance, demanding another. Teddy Magnate cries and cries and cries as Victoria berates him, and he spends the rest of the time being used as her stool."
"I like that he's a blowhard premature ejaculator, but hate that I'm picturing the look on his face," Marcus said.
"I feel the exact opposite. Victoria assures everyone that my pussy is moaning with desire, demanding enough dicks to catch up with your number. She leans down close again, examining my pussy with eyes and fingers, beckoning her husband and his cellphone closer.
"The phone is broadcasting to all the screens, a close and impressively steady shot of my pulsing vulva. Victoria's fingers play along my slimy flesh, toying with my throbbing clit, and a thick drop of pearly spunk slides from my vagina. It looks so hot, my pussy contracts harder, causing still more cum to ooze out. 'Another cock,' says Victoria. 'This Pussy needs a cock right now.' She chooses that guy you were talking with about video games."
"Carlos?"
"Yeah, what is he, a grip or something?"
"Best boy, electrical."
"I don't know what that is, but it hardly matters. He has a dick and that's what my pussy wants, more dicks. Victoria moves aside for Carlos, telling him to put his cock in." Tiff thrust the dildo in deep again, and moved it quickly out and in. She looked into Marcus' eyes, and moaned, "Oh, yes! Fuck me Carlos! Surrounding me, on every screen, are the intimate images of my pussy being violated by another man. You keep glancing between the screen above me for a peek of my gushing slit being pounded, and my face as my eyes roll back, as I begin panting. The cum in my pussy makes it so slippery, and the sound of him pumping his fat dick into my sopping hole fills the room in the horny silence.
"'Yes, you're much better,' says Victoria. She licks her lips and bends to kiss me softly. Her soft lips are intoxicating, hot and so full. 'Your pussy is happy now,' she whispers. 'She loves getting fucked by all the dicks she can, and you've always kept her confined to one.'
"Now that's not the way I see it, but my pussy is very adventurous. Victoria is translating for it, explaining how it excited it is by this strange cock working the cum inside into milky froth. She tells him to change positions so he steps back. Cliff Rockman lifts me up and turns me around so I'm facing him and the bar. He pulls my dress off." Tiff stripped off her shirt as she rolled over, her ass pointed at her husband, and managed to catch the dildo before it could slide free through her plentiful juices. She pushed it back in. "Cliff Rockman grabs my head to guide my lips to his throbbing member and I take it into my mouth. Carlos is suddenly inside me again, thrusting vigorously.
"Taking me at my hips, Carlos pounds me harder and faster than before. Can you see how he fills me?"
"Your pussy looks so hot being fucked by another cock," Marcus told her breathlessly. She glanced back and saw he was stroking himself.
Tiff moved the dildo faster. "Mm, my cunt feels good being used like this. Carlos is breathing harder, grunting, building to his climax. He begs me to let him come inside." She rubbed her clit as she pushed the toy deep. "What should I say?"
"Shouldn't that be up to Victoooooria?"
"Mm," Tiff agreed. "Well, Victoria says it's okay, she tells him to come deep."
"I kind of figured that's what she would say," Marcus panted. "Your pussy's begging for another load, isn't it?"
"Yeah," Tiff moaned. "She says my pussy wants to be full of cum until it spills over, it wants to be gushing, oozing, erupting with frothy cream. She says my pussy is screaming ecstatically when he unleashes himself within."
"It sounds like your pussy really loves cum," Marcus said, putting his hand on her ass.
"So much," Tiff murmured. She changed her stance, widening her legs as she raised herself to hands and knees. The dildo slid out, leaving her pulsing hole wide open. "I'm so full of cum now, my pussy wants your dick to feel it. Victoria wants you to cum in me next."
Marcus pulled her closer by her thighs, his dick slapping across her wet labia. He grabbed it to guide it, and pulled her as he drove it in.
"Mm!" Tiff said, closing her eyes. "Yes, pound me harder. All the people still watching are so aroused, but angry and jealous. My pussy loves having you pound the cum out of it, but it's still calling out to all those other dicks. It wants the cum of everyone in the room.
"Victoria is playing with my tits," Tiff said, and his large hands came around her, moving up her body to cup her breasts. "She's pinching my nipples as you begin thrusting faster, pounding me. She pushes me deeper onto Cliff's rock hard manhood, gagging me a little, I come off coughing, when suddenly I realize I'm surrounded by dicks. They're hard, trembling with excitement. They want my pussy, but will take my mouth or hands as long as they get to cum on me. Victoria starts talking about how much my pussy wants me to be covered with load after load of hot cum.
"'All these guys want to fuck you,' Victoria tells me, watching as I'm groped all over. 'Your pussy is calling out for more around the dick in her. She wants another cock right now. She wants two in her at the same time.'"
"Oh god," Marcus groaned. The dildo pressed to the underside of his shaft, Tiff began to move it around.
"She tells Cliff Rockman to enter my pussy along side you, and however hot and tight I thought my pussy was before..." Tiff gasped as she pushed the dildo in, and took a moment to recover before she began to move it tentatively. "Oh, oh, oh god, Cliff Rockman! Your dick is so big and hard! Fuck! Mm, fuck, that's tight...
"Cliff... Cliff Rockman is thrusting with you into my stretched pussy, and there's so much cum leaking everywhere. The loads those other guys left in me are so slippery, smearing over so much of my skin, making me shiny and sticky and so fucking dirty! The screens around the room are filled with forests of penises, all so lustful for my body. I move my hand, jerking many in turn, sucking two at a time, but there are so many, a lot of guys are jerking themselves. They can't control themselves, and neither can I. Fuck, just imagining all that cum shooting everywhere, down my throat and running over my ass. They come on my tits, on my face. Ejaculate runs down my belly, along the inside of my thighs. It pools on my back briefly before the movement of my body spreads it and makes it drip. The cock in my mouth unloads on my tongue and I turn so quickly to the next cock most of the load escapes over my chin before I can swallow it down, but this new cock offers another chance.
"With cum dripping from everywhere, it's only natural that a fair amount runs toward my pussy, but it's almost like this spunk has a mind of its own. It flows along my belly and between my butt cheeks as though directed by a force greater than gravity. The cum of all these men mixing into and around my sopping cunt excites it almost as much as the two rods ramming in, now alternating their thrusts, running cocks along one another to bring my bossy pussy the most possible pleasure. The cocks in me are so hard as they thrust, filling me so tight. My pussy is ready for another load or two."
Marcus pulled her tighter around him, thrusting so passionately that Tiff moaned, her eyes blurring.
"Oh, oh fuck!" she cried. "Oh, fuck, that's it! Fuck me Marcus! Fuck my soiled pussy and show her who's boss! Put your cum in! Fuck, come inside me! Fill me up with another load and oh, yes!" Her pussy clenched tight around the rods as Marcus shook in orgasm, depositing a real load of cum in her at last. She kept moving the dildo as he withdrew.
"Your pussy looks so sexy dripping wet like that," Marcus said, taking control of the dildo. "Milky white fluid oozing out around the dick that's still thrusting faster. It starts to move even faster as your fingers slip up to feel the moisture, to guide the dripping liquid toward your throbbing clit."
Tiff spread her husband's creamy jizz over her pussy, making it as slick as it had been in her imagination as she toyed with her clitoris. "Mm," she moaned. "Mm, it's so wet with cum."
"Yeah," Marcus agreed breathily, moving the dildo faster. "The cum is dripping out of you faster now as your pussy begins to contract. All this cum in your pussy is going to make you climax harder than you ever have before. Your legs are shivering with tension and it turns to shaking as Victoria runs a finger along your silky thigh. 'Now it's your turn to come,' she says. 'Your pussy is so wet and ready, so hot from being fucked by all those men. You don't even need to be a pussy whisperer to know that; your gushing snatch is talking aloud in a slopping gurgling voice about how good it feels to have all that cum inside her.'"
Tiff could hear the sloppy begging of her pussy over his low, rhythmic voice. She rubbed faster as her clit and vagina began to throb together, heat growing until she reached a writhing, moaning, gushing climax. She collapsed forward, popping the rod free with a splattering of ejaculate, and took several deep breaths.
"Tiff," Marcus whispered, laying out next to her.
"Mm," Tiff replied.
"I love you so much," he said. "That was so hot."
"Mm," Tiff agreed lazily. "Imaginary me is such a slut."
"Imaginary me loves that about her," he said. He kissed her softly and drew back smiling. "Real me loves that about her, too."