~~Eva~~
Amanda stares intently at the road as she drives us. I can't help but stare at her hands as they grip the wheel softly, confidently. My gaze shifts upwards and I blush lightly at the memory of today's earlier events.
"So," I start, clearing my throat before continuing. "Earlier today that was..." my voice fades, embarrassment heating my blood and flushing my face and the tips of my ears a deep red. "That was really hot."
The image of what could have happened if Amanda did open the door and do as she said she would just keeps playing over and over in my mind. There's a large part of me that really wants that to actually happen, for Amanda to take me in front of Jess, or anyone really for that matter. The risk and the excitement of it all just fills me with an absolute rush of adrenaline that I can't help but love.
The thought of being exposed like that is humiliating, but that's part of what makes it so exciting, and how wet it keeps making me turns me on to no end. I even talked about it with Jess at brunch, we share absolutely everything after all, and she responded enthusiastically, teasing about how she wants to watch what Amanda and I do in bed (or on the kitchen counter).
"Yeah...?" Amanda prompts me to continue, her gaze flicking over to meet mine for a moment before returning to the road.
"I can't stop thinking about earlier today," I blurt out, averting my eyes. "Maybe you really should have opened the door," I say with a wink.
Amanda chuckles. "That's dirty, wanting to be pleasured like that right in front of your friend."
I can't help but think to myself how it's not just my friend I want her to use me in front of.
"Just thought I'd throw it out there."
Stretching my arms above my head I puff out my chest, smirking when I catch Amanda's eyes drop down to eye it.
Licking her lips her gaze lingers on me for a moment longer before returning to the road.
"Like what you see?" I ask. Seductively I voice my desires even further. I wink at her, a sly grin pulling across my lips.
Amanda turns the wheel with the palm of her hand and pulls straight into a parking spot. She raises her eyebrows at me with a cheeky smile painting her lips. "Well we're here."
"Not gonna answer me?" I tsk.
"Nope," she finishes with a pop of the p. "You already know the answer, you just wanna hear it."
"What's wrong with that?" I chuckle as I hop out of the car.
"Nothing," she grins at me. "I'm just not gonna give you that satisfaction."
Huffing, I roll my eyes and take Amanda's hand in mine as I start walking us into the mall.
The shopping center is busy. Bustling with swarms of people doing their weekend shopping. I hold Amanda's hand as we wander, bouncing from store to store.
One of the window displays catches my eye and immediately seizes my attention. "Ooh, look at that," I point, leading Amanda into the store. "Wait no, that!" I exclaim yanking her in another direction. "Woah, look at-"
Amanda pulls my hand back, swinging me back around to her and firmly catching my shoulders, squeezing them in her palms. "You are being crazy," she hisses, shaking me. "Calm down, you've almost swung me into someone eight times now. Eight."
I chuckle. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm just exci-" but before I can finish my sentence I notice a sign in the store across from the one we're in now. "Fifty percent off!?" I gape, yanking Amanda along as I hurry across to it.
She sighs, but follows me anyway, and I can't help but giggle. I let go of her hand once in the store as I look over all the stuff. Bars of soap, bath bombs, bath salts. It all smells so good and looks so nice, and gee I want it all. I'd buy the store if I could.
I look back at Amanda, and though she hides it pretty well I know she's watching me, it's plain as day when my eyes meet hers. She nods as though it was only a coincidence, but I know the truth. A cheeky grin spreads across my face as I bend over to look at the boxed soaps on the bottom shelf, my ass pressing against the very flattering jeans I borrowed from her. I pretend to ponder over which soap to choose, and once I see Amanda's flushed face I stand straight once again.
I turn to look at her, winking to let her know clear as day that that was intentional, then I continue my shopping. I pick up a bath bomb, pink petals caked into it and smirk at the name as I scurry over to show it to Amanda.
"Please?" I ask, showing it to her as though it's an offering. "It's called, get this, 'sex'. You know we could-"
Amanda presses her finger to my lips, quickly shushing me and shooting me a warning look. She lingers for a moment, fully letting her warning sink in before backing away. "Put it back."
"But," I start, the look on her face letting me know I'm dancing along a dangerous line.
"Put it back," she repeats herself.
My stance waivers for a moment, and I almost comply, but in the end I decide to try just one more time. "It'd be nice," I plead. "I mean, the name al-"
Quickly she cuts me off once more, grabbing my forearm and pulling me in, her lips grazing my ear. "Knock it off, Eva, or I swear to God I will bend you over right here right now. Is that what you want?"
Shaken up I slowly shake my head and back away. Part of me wants to say yes, but I know I wouldn't be able to take something like that in a place like this. In a fantasy world though... bring me to pound town Amanda, please.
With hot cheeks and a racing heart I place the bath bomb back where I found it and walk around the store. I snag a bar of soap with pink swirls and other eloquent designs in it and hurry to the check out, unable to make eye contact with the cashier as I do.
Once out of the store Amanda returns her hand to mine a smug expression painted across her face. "Someone's quiet," she teases, rubbing it in further.
I roll my eyes only letting out a small "hmph" as we look around the other stores. And slowly but surely my confidence returns and I start teasing Amanda once again. Bending over here, pressing real close to her there. Just little things that I'm able to get away with without getting full on shut down.
While trying on Halloween costumes I make sure to try on the raunchiest, most revealing costumes possible. Amanda, knowing what I'm doing, doesn't even blink. I get next to nothing for a reaction.
However, when I try on one of the witch costumes Amanda compliments me with a simple, "Cute." And that's just enough for me to get it.
Amanda however, tries on a whole variety of costumes, each one ridiculously flattering and undeniably hot on her.
On the fifth costume Amanda comes out in a tight leotard of slick black leather. The leather cups her ass so tight and perfectly, the material of the costume is tight and pushes her breasts up and together to really enunciate her cleavage. Attached around her waist is a black belt that connects to a tail that runs down to bend in her knees. In her hair she wears a headband with black cat ears that blend perfectly into her dark hair.
"What do you think?" she asks, crossing her arms over her chest.
"Didn't know dominatrix was a costume they sold here."
Amanda stomps over to me, and leans over the booth I'm sitting on, her palms resting next to my thighs, her breasts right up in my face as she glares daggers at me.
"I'm a cat," Amanda snips.
"You don't have to be embarrassed," I tease, leaning in closer. My chin is mere inches away from resting between her breasts and my eyes remain locked on hers, daring her to do something. I've been teasing like this all day, maybe here is where she'll finally give in to me. "I'd be fine with you dominating me."
Amanda's glares deeper her next words unspoken and stuck dancing on her tongue. Before she can voice them I push further.
"I can see you're mad, punish me," I smirk, pressing a light kiss to her chest, right above her breasts.
"Maybe I will," Amanda states before getting up, changing back into her normal clothes, and after purchasing my costume, dragging us out of the store.
"Not going to get anything?" I ask, my eyebrows creasing.
"I'll have a costume by the party, I'm done looking for now."
Swallowing, one last idea crosses my mind as we walk towards the exit. We come across a lingerie store and I have to nearly beg to get Amanda to allow that, but I'm quite convincing, telling her I need to find a party gift for Jess, and she cracks. I browse the lovely laces and sets, smirking victoriously at her.
"I don't know what you think you'll find for Jess here," Amanda gripes, hands on her hips.
"Oh who knows," I respond knowing full well I don't need to get anything for Jess.
I pick up a red thong and after making sure no one else is looking I hold it back over my ass. I find Amanda and tap her on the shoulder. Bending over I look back at her coyly. "Whatcha think? Bet you wanna hit that," I tease.
She sucks in a sharp breath looking down at me. "Oh ho ho, definitely something I'm gonna hit."
"You wouldn't," I test, arching my back as I look back at her.
Amanda presses her hand to my abdomen and pulls me back up and against her chest. "Wanna bet, sweetheart?" she whispers. "Now take that off."
Smirking, I prepare myself before I even dare utter my next words. "Make me."
The look Amanda gives me at that causes my blood to turn to ice, and before I can stop her or argue or plead, before I can do anything, she slams the thong down on the table next to us, and yanks down the loosely fitting jeans along with my panties underneath. My face flushes, instantly ablaze and when I try to bend to pull up my pants and cover myself again my ass is met with three quick and firm slaps.
Before I can do it she yanks my pants back up. "I'm sure you'll be good now, right Eva?"
My heart pounds in my chest, adrenaline and arousal coursing through me and being the only thing keeping me from buckling. "We'll see," I respond, averting my eyes and turning the other way before I can cave.
I pick up a random set of lingerie and grip the bra of it against my own chest. I turn around towards Amanda and squeeze myself, forcing myself to speak before I can back down. "I bet you'd just love to do this, huh? Maybe get it for me?" I wink.
Amanda's eyes thin, a very clear 'you shouldn't have done that' look instantly appears on her face. She charges towards me, firmly grabbing my wrist with one hand and pressing the other against the small of my back, leading me to the dressing rooms. Whipping the curtain open to the first one we come across she pushes me inside, her eyes never leaving mine even as she whips the curtain closed. She grabs the lingerie out of my hands and tosses it to the floor. I'm completely helpless as she yanks up my shirt and bra, exposing my breasts. She yanks my jeans and underwear down to my ankles and bends me over.
"You asked for this," she warns, rubbing her palm across my ass.
Anticipation swells up in my chest and my heart pounds. Before I can think, beg, apologize, anything, I have to bite down on my lip to stop myself from crying out when her palm smacks against my ass. She comes down again and again and again. Rapidly spanking me, each slap quickly succeeding the next. She pulls me against her, my back pressed right up against her stomach, and she sharply pulls on my nipples causing a small yelp to escape my lips. She only hushes me for this, quickly slapping the side of my ass once more before guiding her hand down my stomach.
"You were being quite a brat, Eva. If the only way to get you to listen is by making you my brain dead little whore then that's what I'll do," Amanda mutters sharply to me.
There she circles around my entrance, fingers gathering up the slick leaking from my pussy. Without warning she shoves her hand into me. Three whole fingers roughly plunging in and out of me so blissfully quick. Some of my moans escape, unable to be suppressed and she slaps her hand over my mouth, tightly keeping any more noise from escaping.
She never slows. Even when my eyes fill with tears from how overwhelming it all is. Even with the danger of some of my moans escaping.
Even when footsteps approach the dressing room and swing open the curtain.
Amanda doesn't move, and in turn I'm unable to move as the employee gets a full view of me completely on display, tits out and pussy spread wide.
My heart slams against my chest, my face burning as I make eye contact with the employee seeing me completely exposed, my pussy drenched and dripping as Amanda keeps finger fucking me so perfectly. And it's at that moment where I feel my walls clench, my pussy starting to pulse around her still thrusting fingers as I come undone, completely exposed, in front of this onlooker.
As I come down from my high I quickly move my hands to pull down my shirt and cover myself. I stare at the employee, fearfully anticipating what they'll say.
They don't seem shocked, though. In fact, they only swing the curtain closed. "Fifth fucking time today. Hey, Denise. I fucking quit. I can't deal with this shit anymore."
My heart slams against my chest, but I can't help but let out a sigh of relief. That could've been infinitely worse.
"Now are you going to be good, Eva?" Amanda asks, gently gripping my chin and turning my face towards her.
I quickly nod my head, wanting to get covered and out of there as fast as possible.
"Good girl," Amanda grins. "Glad you learned your lesson."
Quickly we pull my clothes back on and head out of the store. I make a beeline for the exit, but Amanda doesn't have the same urgency.
"Why such a hurry? I thought there were still so many stores you wanted to go in?"
I shake my head. "No, no, I got everything. Thank you."
She tilts her head at me, amusement clear on her face. "Oh are you sure? I wouldn't want to rush you."
I clench my fists, knowing exactly what she's doing. "Amanda, please," I plead. "I'm sorry."
"Fine, fine," she sighs.
She grabs hold of my hand and we hurry out of the store together. A massive sigh of relief leaves my lungs as soon as we reach the car and pull out of the lot. Given the way Amanda's reacted to all of my risk advances previously I never would have thought she'd actually do something like that.
High on adrenaline and blissed out from the orgasm I stare at Amanda in silence the whole way back to her house.