Hi, A word of caution. If you are looking for blow by blow descriptions of sex it might be best to go to other author's stories. I like to think that the mind is our greatest sex organ. So I try to leave out the graphic details then you can use a little imagination.
Venus and Harriet
A great chance to expand my photography skills
Last year I had photographed one of my neighbor's daughter's senior photos. I'm not a portrait photographer but I think they came out okay. The thirty-nine year old neighbor and her nineteen year old daughter were in love with them and they had thanked me with great enthusiasm. It took them all night, both of them at the same time. It was the best thank you I had ever received. I hoped for a return engagement. But sadly they told me it would never happen again. I supposed they figured one thank you was enough. And to be truthful it was more than I expected to get when I agreed to take the photos. Having a night of sex with those two wonderful women was never to be repeated.
It turns out that my skills had been talked about around the building. Not the bed room skills. The photographs that were hanging around the complex and those I had taken of Annie had been shared. Check out the story Val and Annie if you are interested. Apparently they had been showing the pictures and telling some of the neighbors who had done the great work. People would stop me in the hallways, the laundry room or near the entrance with compliments. I enjoyed being talked about and praised. My ex had been very careful not to compliment me, about any of my talents.
I was kind of expecting someone to ask me to do photos for them but not what I was actually asked. Venus lived in another building in the complex so I was really surprised when she knocked on my door one evening. She told me who she was and asked if we could talk. I invited her in. She appeared real nervous and ready to run at a moment's notice. I offed a chair if she would like and a cup of coffee or a beer. "Yes a beer would be great. I'm kind of stressed out right now."
She gulped the beer like she was dying of thirst. "Please excuse my behavior but I'm going to ask you a really big favor and I'm scared to death." I tried to calm her down and told her that if I could help I would but no promises until I hear what she needed. Swallowing several times and looking down at the floor, "Would you take some pictures of me? I saw some of you work and you're really good with a camera. You must have a super camera to take such great pictures." By this time she was hyper venting and tapping her thigh with the empty beer can.
I tried to explain that I wasn't that type of photographer and the photos she saw were just good luck on my part. I had no experience with portrait work and she should really look for someone more qualified. "Can I have one more beer please?" So I got two, one for her and one for me. The second beer went down almost as fast as the first. I thought if she had a third and drank that one the same way I would have a drunk on my hands and then what was I going to do. I didn't even know what building she lived in much less the apartment. The complex office was closed at this time of night.
She sighed, looked up at me and blurted out, "I want some nude pictures. Will you take them?" Crap...now what? I went back to my lack of knowledge in photographing people. I explained that there are people that do boudoir photography and are very good at it. "I don't want bedroom pictures. I want naked pictures, the kind that shows stuff. I want pictures that show me and my girlfriend together... naked. Doing stuff with each other in bed, sex stuff." She looked back at the floor, her face turning fire engine red.
I didn't know what to say. Taking pictures of two women in bed with each other. A man's dream job right? I could only ask, "Are you sure that's what you want? You don't know me from Adam. I might be an axe murderer. I might take advantage of you. I might sell the photos. Hell lady...do you have any idea the heartache and grieve this could cause you?"
She sat up straight and looked me in the eyes and in a rush. "I've given this a lot of thought and yes it's what I want to do. Actually what we want to do, my girlfriend and I. She was the first to think about it, getting someone to take our pictures as we are in bed together. Well maybe not in bed. We could be in the living room if you thought that might be better. I could supply the memory card for your camera and you would give it to me before leaving my apartment. And you could do whatever it is you need to do to the pictures could be done on my computer right?" Then she paused for a breath and waited.
She had really thought about this and I could see she was really wanted this. So I told her, "Let me think about this. I have to admit that watching two women in bed doing what two women could be doing is every man's dream. But to be honest, I'm not sure I'm comfortable with the idea. Can I get back to you in a day or so?"
She stood and didn't stagger, thank goodness she wasn't drunk. "If you want you can bring your girlfriend with you. Then she won't think you are two timing her. I don't want her or you trying to join us though. This is just Harriet and I, understand?" She gave me her number and thanked me for hearing her out. "Please think and tell me yes. Please?"
That night I took myself in hand and it didn't take long to explode a load all over my stomach. I knew I was going to say yes. Watching Venus and her friend and being able to photograph them. Too bad I didn't have a girlfriend to take with. That would be a blast. Then again I did have a lady friend, Val. Would she be willing to watch two lesbians? I guess I could ask her, all she can say is yes or no, right?
The next day I called Val and told her I had a question and could I stop over some time in the next day or so. When I mentioned it was best that Annie wasn't around she plain out told me "That fuck we gave you was it. There will be no more, it was a onetime thing. It was fun and we enjoyed it, but I don't have any emotional attachment to you and without that feeling it is just sex. So if you want another turn you can forget it."
When I assured her it wasn't an attempt to get back in her panties she told me that I could stop over right now. When I got there she offered me a cup of coffee and I told her that would be good. "Okay here's my question or maybe request. Two women are asking me to photograph them in bed together. I'm not comfortable with going there alone. But I have to tell you I would really like to do it. Would you be willing to go along with me? It would be strictly as maybe a chaperone. You wouldn't have to do anything. Just be there."
"Are you out of your fucking mind? You want to go and take pictures of two lesbians as they suck and fuck? And you want me to go along and watch? No way buster, if you want to do this go for it I can't stop you but I am not going to go with. Not this girl. Forget it. You are on your own."
Well I guess Val wasn't interested in watching. She didn't say it but I got the impression that she wasn't a fan of lady on lady sex. I thanked her for the coffee and quickly left. When I got home I could hear my landline beeping. It had taken me a few minutes because a neighbor and I had exchanged few words in the hall outside my door. "Hank, it's Val, can you call me back?"
"Thanks for getting back to me. I'm sorry for the way I reacted. It was uncalled for, I was just surprised. Please try and forget my comments. Some have a different calling then I do and I was shocked at what you wanted. I really don't have a problem with women preferring other women."
There was a slight pause and I was just about to say it was okay I understand when she told me that yes she would go with me if I was really going to do it. "It's not my idea of sex but I have to admit that it intrigues me. What they might be doing could be interesting. And it would be an excuse to get out of this apartment for a bit. Yes I'm willing. When are you planning on this great adventure?"
So I explained that I hadn't told them that I would do it yet but I would call her and say I would do it but I was bringing another woman with me. I got some possible days and times from Val and told her I would get back to her as soon as I could. Hot damn, I was going to watch two lesbians. This was going to be fun and educational. The porn on the web was actors doing what actors do, act. This was the real thing. Two women would be doing it for real. I hoped I would be able to do it without embarrassing myself. I mean what if I forgot to take the photos I was supposed to take. I told myself to calm down, pretend it was going to be a nature shoot. Just landscapes, birds and animals, just nature photos. Yep that's what it was, animals in nature doing what some animals do.
I tried to call Venus and her answering machine picked up so I left a message for her to call me back. It wasn't until the next night that she finally called me back. After she apologized for not calling back sooner, "Are you going to do it? Please say yes. We've been on pins and needles waiting for your call back. I just know you will do it. You will do it won't you?"
I told her yes I would do it and before I could explain that there was a condition. She was hollering to her friend that I was agreeing to take their pictures. When she said she was sorry for cutting me off but this was so great and asked what I had been saying. "I will bring a friend with and I want to be able to keep a limited number of the photos. The ones I keep will not show faces so your privacy would not be violated."
Venus asked me to wait a minute so she could tell Harriet what I wanted. When she came back on line, "This friend you want to bring...it's a girlfriend right? Not a man and you guys are not planning to fuck us are you?"
I assured her it was a woman and we didn't plan on joining in on the physical part of the party, she was going to watch and I was going to take photos. Just like they wanted and that was all. In the end it was decided that everyone was free on the next Friday night and we would meet at Venus's home at seven pm. I rushed out a bought a flash unit and remote controls. I also got two umbrellas, one that attaches to the flash unit and a free one. The idea is that it softens the flash to reduce glare and shadows. Then I spent nights learning and practicing. By the time Friday rolled around I felt comfortable with my new tools and was eager to do it. Maybe too eager I had to jerk off just to relieve the pressure.
I was still in a bit of a shock as Val and I knocked on the door. Were they really going to let me photograph this? I'm not the normal dirty old man. But I sure was a dirty middle aged man tonight. Val was as nervous as I was. "I can't believe I decided to do this. Why am I here? I don't think I want to watch this. Can I just leave?" I reminded her she was here of her own free will, I didn't talk her into it, we had to see it through and if she bailed three people would be very unhappy.
Venus opened the door and right behind her was Harriet. We had never met before so a round of introductions had to be made. I don't know why Venus was the one to approach me to take the photos. Harriet was certainly the bolder one. Looking right at me she poured out comments and questions, one right after another. "Thanks goodness you showed up. I was worried when Venus said you were not real eager. Is this your main squeeze? Is she a good fuck? I understand you both live in this complex. Why not share an apartment? Anyone want a beer before we start? How do you want us? Bedroom, on the couch, we sometimes make love in the kitchen. It's kind of neat to be laid out on the table while you get your pussy licked. Should we get naked? You know you're not going to fuck us right? If you get horny you can do each other but Venus and I will not be joining in or help you."
Trying to slow her down I told her a beer would be good. Val found her voice said she would like one also. Venus was back in a moment with four beers and I suggested maybe we could sit down and relax for a few minutes. I suspect Harriet's outburst had shaken her a little. As we sat I thought I might offer a few suggestions.
But first I matched my camera to my laptop so the photos would automatically show up on the monitor. Then with a cable the laptop were mated to their TV and the photos now appeared on the large screen. I took a few shoots to test and it all appeared to be working as planned.
"How about if we try to tell a story with the photos, beginning with one of you comes in the door, you hug, after a little talk you kiss and touch each other over your shirts. Then you progress to slowly removing each other's clothes. First shirts, then bras, maybe only one has a bra. More kissing and touching, then tit licking and nipple sucking from there we can move onto the couch if that's okay with you guys. I have a flash unit if we need it. Just remember I'm a newbie at this so we have to kind of feel our way."
Harriet and Venus thought it would work. Harriet stood up pulled off her shirt undid her bra without batting an eye. I glanced at Val and her eyes were big and her mouth was hanging open. I guess she was a little taken back how bold Harriet was.
Then I took a few more test shots. Harriet sat on the couch, braless, and as I took a few test shots she rubbed her tits. I was able to check the light conditions and how the first shots looked. Her photos looked good on the TV screen so we decided it was time to start. It all looked good and Venus and Harriet agreed. Did I mention that she probably had large a's or small b's, with just a touch of sag and large nipples. They showed up great on the test photos, her nipples, I'm talking about.
After putting her shirt back on Harriet said, "Let's do this. I'm ready to be a porn star." Venus stepped out the door and softly knocked. Harriet got up to let her in. I'm not going to bore you with all the little details. I'll just cover some of the highlights and let your image the rest. I believe the mind is mightier than the word. Isn't it great to picture in your mind your cock moving ever so slowly into your lover's mouth? As she sucks and uses her tongue to massage the underside until you have to explode. If I wrote it out it would lose some of its impact. No...well I'm sorry but I'm still not going to cover every little detail.
I took shots as Venus pulled Harriet's head down so they could kiss. I moved around to capture it from different angles. Hands moved up and down each other's backs. Venus cupped her friend's ass and I was able to get the action when the jeans wrinkled from the squeeze.
I had them pause while I checked the TV screen. I thought it was a bit too dark so I attached the umbrella to the flash unit and showed Val how to hold the other umbrella. We repeated the kissing and touching. This time I felt the light was much better so it was time to get serious.
Venus was pulling Harriet's shirt up and as the tits appeared I got several good shots. Venus was kissing the exposed nipples while trying to remove her shirt was kind of clumsy. So we stopped and had Harriet do the removing. Venus laughed, "This isn't what I expected. It may take all day to get to the good parts if we have to redo everything."
We all agreed that this was turning into a product. So it was just do what they wanted and I would shoot as much as I could and we would see how it ended up.
Soon they were naked and kissing and touching each other. All over, breasts, bellies, asses and pussies. I would have Val move around to change the lighting angles. I would glance at the TV to get what I was getting. They moved to the couch. Venus on her back with one foot on the floor and the other across the couch's back. Harriet knelling on the seat and her head buried between the open legs. It took a bunch of shots to get a few good ones. It was hard to get the light in the right place.
When Harriet spun around so Venus could lick and suck on Harriet the light was better and some really good photos were shot. It got even better when Venus got her arm free and stuck a finger into the exposed pussy. And then even better when the wet finger was pushed up into Harriet's asshole.
I knew the acting was over at that point, actually I think the real sex had been there all along. Moaning and groaning, little cries of pleasure were filling the air. I was so hard. I had to free my cock before I hurt myself. It took only a moment to open my jeans and pull my cock out into the open. It felt so much better. Blessed relief kind of washed over me. I was sure that the two ladies so wrapped up in each other they never noticed.
But Val noticed. I guess the show she was watching had maybe worked her up a little also. I looked at her to get her to move the flash a bit to the left and she was looking at my hard cock instead of the show. In an instant her hand went up under her skirt. Her mouth was in a strange grin and then a smile took over.
She pulled her hand out and dropped the panties that were dangling from her fingers and then her hand quickly disappeared back under her skirt. Val and Harriet were oblivious to what was taking place away from the couch. I got only wish I had a free hand. It took both of them to do the job I had committed to do. Torn between the two on the couch and Val's expressions was tearing me up. I had to get a few photos of her before she noticed that I was doing it.
Now it was three people moaning. I could only wish I could join them. Then Harriet raised her head and looked over at me. And the thing that was pointing out of my fly and right at her. She looked at Val to see her with one hand missing under her skirt. She smiled and told me, "Go ahead you can fuck me. A hard cock in my puss will feel good while it's getting licked."
I didn't need a second invitation. I was around the end of the couch and lining up. Just than Venus opened her eyes to see hard cock just inches away from her face and moving closer. A hand come up and pushed Harriet's pussy up and away a little. "Let me suck it first. Then you can do her. I want to watch it."
I was ready to boil over and I was afraid that it wouldn't take much and I would cream all down her throat. But I was in no condition to be fussy. I was hurting so bad. She opened her mouth wide and stuck her tongue out. I couldn't refuse the offer. I was right, it only took a few licks and three good sucks and I exploded. Venus keep working on me until the last little bit was pulled from me. I guess I wasn't the first man she had treated to a blow job. She had impeccable skills.
I watched her swallow and then lift her head back to her friends glistening opening. It surprised me when both of them appeared to start reaching their climax together. Venus 'head fell back against the arm on the couch. Her face was flushed and she was breathing hard. Harriet just fell down on top. One leg had fallen off the couch and exposing her puss and ass even more than it had been.
I was sorry I hadn't been able to poke her, even a little. Val had taken all I had to give. So instead I leaned forward and gave her a few firm licks on her asshole. I know some women like that. I know I do sometimes. Her grunt sounded like she liked it so I gave her several more. "Enough...no more...maybe another time...okay? I've had enough for one night." So I didn't do it anymore.
They lay there recovering. I was feeling really good. It was an incredible experience. So I sat right down on the floor to enjoy the feelings I had. I looked around for Val and she was sprawled out in a chair. Her skirt pulled up showing her hand covering her bottom and moving ever so slowly. Did I mention that Val's legs are something to write home about?
Finally Harriet rolled off the couch, knelt on the floor and gave me a smile. "Well, what do you think? Did you get some good pictures? When can we see them? I need to pee. Want to come watch me? I need a beer. You want one? Hey Val...you want a beer? You can diddle yourself with one hand and hold a beer with the other."
Venus grunted and sat up, "When you're done pissing bring me a beer too. I've got a taste in my mouth and it isn't pussy." She stood up and looked down at me, "You can put that sorry looking pecker away. It's not going to get any more attention around here. I don't know why I did that. Maybe Val wants to give you a poke or suck or maybe both. What do you think Val, can you get him hard?"
Val pulled her hand out, looked at it, all wet and shiny, "No I'm not going to give him suck or a fuck. I did it one time and told him it was all he was going to get from me. I've got a husband that gets all my loving. Where's my beer? I'm thirsty."
I got up, zipped up and wandered over to the laptop. By now the beer had arrived. Val had stood and arraigned her skirt. As we watched her she blushed, "Okay so I took care of my itch. Any problem with that you guys? Sometimes a girl has to do what a girl has to do."
Both Venus and Harriet had put on robes so everyone was presentable in case the preacher showed up. The picture on the TV may have shocked him a little and the smell of sex in the air was kind of strong. But we were not showing any parts that were not seen on the street every day.
I was surprised by how many of the photos were good. The others felt that they all were good and complained when I deleted a few. I suggested that I come back in a day or so and we could pick out the best and let me have some for my own. "You want some jerk off material Hank?" Val asked me.
Venus explained that they had agreed to let me have some that didn't show faces. "Just puss is all he gets. A little asshole I suppose. But now that I think about it he did get a very good blow job. What do you think girlfriend, should we still let him have a picture or two?"
Val and I walked back to our apartments. As we walked between the buildings she looked around and then pulled me into a hug. "Maybe we can get together one more time. But just one more time, no more than that, what do you think?" I told her I would love to do it again with her and I was willing that any time she called I would be ready. She mentioned that her husband had another out of town job in two weeks and she would give me a call. It was sealed with a deep kiss. "Hum...that was good. I like kissing you."
I went back to the ladies apartment two nights later. Before I had left I had downloaded the photos to their computer and showed them how to run it so they could look at the photos if they wanted. Apparently they had because they had picked out the ones I could have copies of. And they told me that I wasn't going to delete any more. So I only had to copy my photos to my computer. We had beer while we waited. Old computers are kind of slow. When Harriet asked how long it was going to take I told her I had no idea. "So...I feel kind of bad. I offered you a poke and you never got it. Would you like one now?"
I looked at Venus, she smiled and nodded yes. Grabbing my hand Harriet pulled me into the bedroom and quickly dropped her robe. She must have been planning this all along because she was naked under her robe, the bed covers had been pulled back and on the bed stand was a tube of lube. She helped me undress and as clothes fell away she would kiss the exposed skin. "That is a nice prick you have. If I was straight I would want one just like that for my very own." She caressed me and I caressed her. She told me, "It's time; I'm wet and let's do it. Fuck me hard, I like it hard. With our strap-on it's great when Venus fucks me hard."
So I did her hard. She didn't reach the plateau but I sure did. Five minutes of hard work and I came in a rush. "I'm sorry you didn't enjoy that. Will you let me spend some time so you get some pleasure out of this?" She thanked me for the offer and told me she didn't expect to have an orgasm. Venus would solve it later.
I left and was feeling good but guilty. Maybe I would get another chance to repeat the experience. How often to you get to photograph two lesbians having sex or getting a blow job from one and a fuck from the other.
The End
I hope you enjoyed this little story. It's just a fantasy. Please share your thoughts. And votes are appreciated.