My husband and I decided to spend the weekend at the cottage to relax and have a nice quit weekend. So we get to the cottage late Friday night. My husband gets up early Saturday to go fishing on the lake with his brother Tom. Fishing is not my idea of relaxing so I stay in bed until 10 or so. My plan is to plant some new flower around the cottage and add some new mulch. In general to just have a nice day spent in the sun.
When I get out of bed I go over to the window to see what the weather looks like. The wind blowing into the window is a little chilly. I guess it is in the high 60's and no clouds are visible. As I am looking around I notice our neighbor's 18 year old boy Jay looking out his window right at me. Since I always sleep in the nude he has a clear view of me completely nude.
I love to tease people, and I found out from Jay himself on Memorial Day how he likes to watch me through the window, so I move my hands to my tits. As I start to play with my nipples I see Jay hold up his camera and watch him as he takes several pictures of me. This gives me a great idea.
So I wave him over and wait for him to come outside. When he get outside of my window I ask him if he wants to help me with some yard work and I also need someone to help me with a photo book I want to make for my husband for father's day. He tells me that he was going to watch his older brother play ball today. That his brother was in a regional tournament but he would ask if he could stay home. I tell him to tell his parents that he could stay with me and that I would pay him for his help.
He runs home and comes back a few minutes later and tells me his mom said it was ok. I tell him I would be ready in an hour or so and to come back when he sees me come outside. I spend the next hour getting ready. I spend a lot of time shaving from my neck down. My plan is to have Jay takes some pictures of me for a special photo album. I want to add in several closes up shoots and do not want to have any hair showing.
I put on a pair of old ripped up jean shorts and a bikini top and head down stairs. As I am eating my breakfast, I notice Jay's family heading out for their games. Jay told me the games are taking place in Port Huron and that they would be gone all day.
So I head out and get my tools ready and start to plant the flower. Jay is over almost as soon as I go out. I tell him that he has 2 jobs I need him to do. The first is he needs to follow behind me and fill in the plant beds with mulch, after I have finished planting. The second job is to take suggestive pictures of me as I am working.
I tell him he can use my husband's camera. I show him the camera and lens and show him how to work them. I tell him he has my permission to take any picture that he can and that if he needs me in a different position that he can ask me to move this way or that, or he can just physically position my clothes or me anyway he thinks would look good in the shot.
So I start to plant making sure to bend over or spread my legs just enough to give a good show. I can hear him clicking away and I see him moving around to get different views. I few time he asked me to move a certain way or to look back at him and smile, to have me pucker up like I am ready to kiss. After I planted the first two flats and Jay caught up to me with the mulch he asked me if I could change my shoes.
I was just wearing some tennis shoes. He tells me he likes to see me in hi-heel. So I go in and pick a pair of heels and add in a pair of little ruffle socks to give it just a little bit of school girl look. Before I head back out, I down a double shot of grey goose to help me get in the mood. When I get back outside, he tells me that the shoes are great and that he loves the little socks.
By now I can tell he is getting excited because he is now asking me to put my hands on my tits or on my ass. He then starts to get closer shots and starts to move me himself. At first he is just moving my hair out of my face or adjusting my shoulder so that more of my tits are showing. By the time, I finish planting he has moved to sliding my bikini top to the side so my areolas are showing. Next, he moves my bikini tops over to exposing my entire nipples. He also adjusts my shorts so that my ass and pussy are visible. I tell him to finish the mulch and I would get us some drinks.
I come back with a coke for Jay and a double shot for me. He has finished and asked if he could take some other shot of me around the yard. I tell him sure, he is the artist and to tell me what he wants me to do. We start with a few simple shots of me leaning back against a tree with hands above my head. After a few shots like this he adjusts my top so that both of my nipples are exposed.
As he is doing this I tell him he should play with them to make them hard. He spends some time pinching and pulling on them. I reach out, pull his head down to my tits, and have him suck one nipple and then the other.
He then takes a few more shots before making his next arrangement. He comes over and unbuttons and lowers my zipper on my shorts. He pulls them down just enough so that my pussy is exposed. He then moves my legs apart. He slowly moves his fingers over my pussy which by now is getting wet.
After he takes a few shot like this, I ask him to help me a little. I tell him to make sure that my pussy lips are pulled apart and visible. I want him to make sure, when he is taking the shots that he shows my pussy open and my lips are hanging down. He spend a long time playing with my pussy and fingering me before he moves back and takes several shots. He then changes the lens so he can take a few closes up shots. He takes pics of both my tits and pussy very close up.
I tell him that I would like to go in and put some other clothes on for some new pics. He asked if he could have me pose in one other place before we go inside. I say sure where did he want me to move to. He asked me if I would be willing to go into his bedroom and lay on his bed while he takes some pics there. He also asked if it would be ok to take the pics with his camera. I tell him only if he makes sure not to show anyone else. So we head over to his house and move up to his room.
He asks me to lie down on his bed and put my hands up on his head board. He tells me to hold on to it. He then takes both my bikini top and shorts off.
He takes several shots like this and then asks me to play with my tits. I start to play with my nipples and I keep looking directly into the camera as he is taking pics. I then start to lick one nipple and then the other. After a few minute he asked me to play with my pussy. So I start to run my hand over my pussy and he gets in really close to take pics. I use one hand to open my pussy lips open and us the other to rub my clit.
After a little while he asked for one last pose. He asked if I could suck his dick so he can have some picture of him doing something with me. I tell him sure that I think he deserves a treat for working so hard. He puts the camera on the dresser and set the auto picture so that it takes a pic every ten seconds. He then moves over in front of me and I undo his pants and let them slide to the floor. I then take my time working his cock up and down and licking the head of it, while making sure to keep facing the camera.
After a few shot I slowly take his cock into my mouth and move slowly up and down on him to make sure he gets pics with his cock all the way in my mouth. I do this a while but tell him to grab his camera and change it to video so that he can have a shot of him cumming on my face and in my mouth. When he has it ready I start to suck him again and play with his balls.
When he starts to cum, I pull his cock out of my mouth and point it strait at my face. The first shot goes into my mouth and a little on my noise. The next shot hits me right on the bridge of my noise and on both of my eyes. I then put his cock back into my mouth and suck him a few more times before I uses his cock to wipe the cum off of my face and into my mouth.
When he is done cumming I ask him to show me the video. We both watch it and except for him moving the camera a little bit too much the video is very clear and I can see his cum shooting out and hitting me. I ask him is this what he wanted and he tells me it was way better.
We head back to cottage and I just leave everything off and walk over nude. We head upstairs and I tell him to take several shot of me while I shower and get ready. I leave the shower door open and tell him to make sure he does not get the camera wet. So he can only tell me how to move to get the shots from outside the shower.
When I am done with the shower, I tell him to go and get another drink for us. I put on my makeup and get dressed before he gets back. I picked out an outfit that has a back bra mostly lace but has rhinestones across each tit. I added in a sheer black skirt with rhinestone going down each side and then some thigh highs and black heels.
Jay finally gets back with the drinks and I am sure he had several shots himself. I have him take more pics of me around the house and in various positions. After a while I remove my bra to show off my nipple.
I pull out some of my toys to play with. The first is some nipple clips. I hand them to Jay and tell him he needs to get both of my nipples really hard and then put the clips on. He spends time playing with and sucking each of them before he gets ready to put them on.
They are tricky because they are little loops that need to go over my nipples first, and then my nipples need to be pulled through and held while the loops are pulled tight. I love the feeling I get while Jay is securing my nipples. My nipple are so sensitive that I often cum while people are just playing with them. So before he has my second nipple finished I start to cum and I tell him to pull on my nipple really hard and how he is making me cum. Once I finish cumming and he finishes getting my nipples tied, I have him take a few more shots.
I then start to play with some of my other toys. The first is my leather flogger. I use it a few time myself while he takes some pics. I then get on my hands and knees and have him slap me in the ass with it.
He does it once or twice but not hard enough to leave any marks. I tell him how that feels good but he needs to do it a harder so that the red marks will show up on the pictures. His next slash was harder and I give him a nice long moan and then tell him harder and faster. He then gives me six or seven very hard slashes and I can feel my checks turning red.I tell him to take some pics. After the first few clicks, I reach between my legs and start to finger my pussy and Jay keeps taking pics.
I tell him to pick up my big two headed dildo and shove it into my pussy. I can feel him working it into me. I keep telling him to push it in as far as he can. When I am full I tell him to take a few more pictures. While he is clicking away, I work the dildo in and out of me.
I tell Jay to put some of the oil I have out on the other end of the dildo and work it into my asshole. This dildo is so big I always have a hard time getting both ends into me at the same time. By the time he has it in I am close to cumming and I tell him to keep taking pics. I can hear the camera clicking away and I continue to fuck myself with the dildo.
I tell him to change the camera to video and set it on the dress at the end of the bed. Once he gets it going, he starts to fuck me hard with the dildo. I keep telling him to fuck me hard. I tell him I am going to fucking cum if he keeps it up.
As I cum I scream loudly how fucking good he is at making me cum. I tell him to shove his cock into my asshole. I tell him to fill my asshole with his hot cum.
He pulls the dildo out of my asshole. He moves behind me and I feel him sliding his cock into me. I now have the dildo in my pussy and his cock in my asshole. I clamp my ass down onto him as hard as I can. I can feel him forcing his cock into me and then back out. I keep begging him to fuck me and tell him how good his cock feels going in and out of my ass. It does not take him long before he is cumming in me and I keep telling him to push it in deeper.
When he is done I roll over and lie on top of him and start to kiss him, shoving my tongue into his mouth. While I slowly rub my pussy over his cock, I slide up a little so that my nipples are on his face and I tell him to suck them. I keep telling him how I loved the feeling of him fucking me and how he made me cum so hard with that dildo.
By now his cock is hard again and I let it slip into my pussy. I sit up straight while I slowly rock back and forth on his cock. I pull his hands up to my nipples and have him play with them. The whole time I am telling him how his cock feels so good sliding into me. I keep telling him how much I want him to cum inside of my pussy. I tell him I love the feeling of him pumping his cum into me.
I then start to rub my own clit and tell him I am going to cum. When I do I can feel my pussy squeezing his cock and I am moaning and telling him not to stop. I then feel him shooting his cum into me. I just push down as hard as I can to make sure his cock is all the way inside of me while he is cumming.
I then lay down next to him and I let him play with my nipple and pussy while I just enjoy the feeling. I can tell my pussy and asshole is leaking his cum. I ask him if he would take a few more close-up shots of my pussy. As he is taking the shots, I hold my pussy open for him. I run my fingers in and out of my pussy and play with his cum. I tell him to make sure to get pictures of this. I then take my fingers covered in his cum and my juices and lick each of my finger clean.
When I am done he asked if he could taste and I tell him yes and lay back so he can lick my pussy. He starts off slow but soon he is licking up and down my slit from my clit to my asshole. I tell him he need to lick my clit and show him what it is and I tell him how to move his tongue over it to make a girl feel good. I start to cum and hold his head tight to my pussy until I am done.
I tell him I think we better end this and that it is time for him to head home. He gets dress and I give him another kiss and he leaves. I take my third shower of the day and get dress again. This time I put on a leather miniskirt and a white halter-top those ties at the top and bottom but no back. The top show my tits off with a neckline that goes all the way down to my belly button. I know that my husband and his brother will be back in a few hours and I think this might let them know I want to have some fun.
I head down stairs, get another double, and start to work on the photo album of today's activities. I load the pics Jay took for me and find that he has taken almost 100 pics of me. I also have the video he made of us. It show him fucking me with the dildo, him fucking me in the ass, and him licking out my cum filled pussy.
I start to work adding them into a power point presentation. As I work fixing the pics and adding them into the presentation I can remember have another four or five doubles. The last thing I truly can remember was watching the presentation finishing with the video.
My husband tells me they got back to the cottage around 7 or so. He tells me that he ran into the guys from the boat from Memorial Day. This time it was only 2 of them and my husband invited them back to the cottage. When they got home they found me sitting at the computer, and he tells me I was awake but he could tell I was way past the point of being aware of what is going on.
He invites his brother and the two guys in and gets everyone a drink and introduces them to me. I guess I gave each a hug and kiss before they all sat down. He tells me that I told him I had a present for him and that I bet the guys would like to watch it also. So they turn the monitor around so they all can see it and start the slide show.
My husband tells me that none of them talked while they watch but he did hear several O my god's and wows from them. He tells me that when the video started they all moved up to the screen so they could get a better view. He tells me that his brother Tom moved up behind me and started to play with my tits. He tells me after I was done cumming and Jay started to fuck me the other two guys move over to me as this was playing and they started to rub my legs and moving up to play with my pussy.
When the video was done my husband tells them it looks like I had a good time earlier and that he thought it was time that they all had some fun. So they picked me up and moved me to the family room and laid me on the coffee table. They take the strap of my top from behind my head and pull it down so my tits are open and then they pull my skirt up to expos my pussy. Tom starts by licking my pussy and the two guys pull their cocks out and have me jack them off. Each of them starts to play with my tits and nipples.
He tells me I was switching back and forth between them, sucking one guys cock and then the other. When Tom was ready to fuck me he pulled my legs up and handed them to the guys. Each one held my legs up and out to give Tom complete access to my pussy and asshole. My husband tells me he started fucking my pussy until I was really wet and then he worked his cock into my asshole and he played with my clit the whole time he was fucking me.
He tells me I come before any of the guys and then Tom came in my asshole. When he pulled out one of the guys from the boat moved down and started to fuck me in the pussy while Tom held my other leg up for him. My husband tells me that he was afraid we were going to break the table the way the guy was pounding into my pussy. The next person to cum was the guy I was blowing. My husband tells me that he pulled out of my mouth and cums on my face and tits. The last guy finally comes and left his dick buried deep in my pussy.
When they were done they left me spread out on the table. He tells me that I was mostly out of it and just stayed were I was. They had a few more drinks and talked for a while. My husband tells me that the guys were playing with my tits and finger me while they talked. A short while later the guys and Tom left. They offered to help my husband move me but he told them I was fine were I was. He did ask them if he could get them to cum on my face and tits before they left. That he wanted to take some more pics before the day was over.
He then tell me he got the camera back out and took some more close up shots of my pussy and asshole. He also got shots of the guys jacking off and cumming on my tits and face. When they finished coming on me, he tells me they left.
My husband fucks me for a while. He moves up and comes on my face making sure to spread his cum all over my mouth, eyes, and noise. He then takes several close-ups of my face covered in cum. I have seen the pics of him using my fingers to scrap the cum off of my face and into my mouth. Both of us love to look at these pictures. I am sure we will use them to get off later.
I woke up the next day face down with my husband fucking my ass and I could hear the video playing of Jay fucking me with the dildo and him fucking my ass. I just laid there and enjoyed the feeling until he came inside of me. I then looked around and asked him if he liked his father days present. He tells me he loved it and we both fell back to sleep.
When we got up I tell him that I want to spend a little more time editing the presentation but when I am done I would like to give it to a few people. He asked me who, and I tell him Scott and John from work, Jason and Lisa his nephew and new wife, Ryan, Jason's new brother in law, and if it was ok Frank the little old guy that lives next door to the cottage.He tells me he thinks that would be fine, that we should be able to trust each of these guys to not spread them around.
I tell him I have one more favor if he is willing to let me do it. I tell him I want to set up a conference meeting with Scott, John, me at work in the conference room and I would have him on the video conference so that he could see what is going on in the room. Our office closes early on Friday's during the summer and Scott lets the guys in the shop go home early.
Scott and John both work the full day. So I will set the call up for Friday at one. I am going to tell them that one of our customers wants to make a presentation to us to make sure they both are there. I plan to wear the bra and sheer skirt I wore in the pictures under my skirt and top that I wear that day. While I start the slide show I want to slowly do a strip tease and follow the action as best I can that is on the screen. I tell my husband he will have to control the presentation so that I can keep up with the action on the screen.
He tells me that even though I am not supposed to do these kinds of things at work he would agree to let me this one time. He also tells me that he might add in a few surprises of his own to the presentation. The first thing he tells me we have to do is add in some new pics with me dressed the way I will be for work on Friday. I then could do a strip tease down to the bra and skirt I have in the pics.
He tells me that he will work on the presentation and get it ready. He also tells me to be ready for any surprises that might happen. So we agree that this Friday we would set this up. I can't wait. I have already packed my toys to take with me and have them in the car ready to go. I have also sent out the meeting notice to Scott and John and they have both accepted. Now I just have to wait for Friday afternoon to get here.