This is a follow on from "The Party Needs A Stripper". These stories are fiction! I'm not going to worry about safe sex, real life -- or about those people who don't like this sort of story (although it is mildly interesting that such people still read this type of story!).
The first story is one where my wife agreed to be the stripper at the retirement party for a friend of a friend. My wife is 57, 5ft 7 Inches tall size 12, likes to keep herself in good shape with regular walking and yoga. She has long dreadlocks, a nice ass and nipples that stiffen very easily -- and they do get quite a lot of attention from guys which I must admit to enjoying.
My name is Brad and I acted as MC at the party that started these exhibitionist, swinging moments. Although my wife had originally not intended to get nude, let alone have sex with anyone at the party, she had ended up completely naked. She had also sucked off a black guy half her age who was hung like a horse and let the guy who the party was thrown for slip into her pussy during her final lap dance and shoot his load inside her. For good measure, the office junior, just 19 years old, had given her tits a very thorough massage and had almost managed to fuck her from behind. Like a lot of guys out there I like nothing more than seeing my wife putting on a show for other men.
***

Over the next few weeks I know we both thought a lot about her being a stripper at the party but we didn't really talk about what had happened. Even though she'd agreed soon afterwards she stripped to do a similar routine at Tom's son's birthday party on his yacht, that event was more than six months away. She was not willing to agree to any sort of repeat any time soon, it seemed to me. She still had a lot of reservations and wasn't too keen to expose herself again, particularly to young men who might just think she was too old to be attractive. Despite her misgivings, I knew many young guys fantasised about older women and I couldn't wait to see her being fucked again even though I would willingly settle for another exhibitionist show. Although my wife not being happy about how she had gotten carried away and let Tom fuck her, our sex was really revitalised. It seemed swallowing Dean's cum was not nearly such a big deal, even if his cock had been a challenge, and she didn't mind me reminding her of that.
It was about two months later when I got a txt at work from Ian, our friend who had been the organiser of Tom's party. Ian had long fancied my wife and had enjoyed the evening she acted as stripper immensely. He had told me how often he watched the video clips of her in action that night.
"Hi there! hope you guys are all good? I'm having a party in a couple of weeks with some friends as it's my turn to host and I wondered if there is any chance of a reprise of Tom's party?"
All kinds of thoughts were going through my mind as he spoke and, yes, my cock was hard with most of them. I forwarded the txt on to my wife who replied, "WTF?"
That night at home after dinner we chatted about the txt and what the party might be like. My wife liked Ian very much and finally admitted she was curious. She said I should txt him back and ask what he had in mind. I wondered if she was thinking about doing it or just was being playful but either way I sent him a txt and waited. About an hour later my phone beeped and I grabbed it and read his reply.
"Now I'm head of the firm with Tom retired, I want to put my mark on things. I don't want staff thinking life will go downhill now Tom's gone. We work hard, we win plenty and we need to play hard too. I want a hostess for this party who will capture everyone's attention so that we won't need any porn movies because the real thing is better."
My wife grabbed the phone and typed back, "And what does the hostess have to do exactly?"
I was so hard again now knowing she was considering this.
"She would be topless, serve drinks and nibbles and maybe dance with the guys. She wouldn't have to do anything she wasn't comfortable with," Ian replied.
My wife asked me what I thought and I of course was very positive although I decided to be restrained in answering her question.
"Sounds like fun," I replied.
She grabbed the phone again and text, "Hi Ian, it's the hostess - do I get paid --?"
"Hi beautiful. I'll pay better than Tom did and I'm sure the guys will tip heavily if you encourage them the way you did last time," Ian replied
My wife smiled at me as she showed me the txt conversation and then typed back, "Yes, Ian, I will do it for you."
Leading up to the party, my wife kept asking me what I thought about possible outfits. Unsurprisingly the outfit I told her would work best was a typical hostess outfit of short black skirt with stockings and a thong. She asked me what sort of blouse she should wear but I reminded her that Ian had stipulated she must be topless the whole time.
"You know what a hit your nipples were at Tom's party. You'd better get ready for quite a work out!"
I nearly blew it then. She countered by saying that she hadn't agreed to anything of the sort that went on at Tom's party, claiming that had been a one-time mistake. She said she didn't mind her tits being fondled but that was going to be her limit. I rallied by saying that was just what I had meant, that her nipples would be worked over. It worked and she encouraged me to give her exactly that sort of attention right then in our back garden.
The day of the party seemed to drag on and I hardly ate anything all day as I was so excited thinking about my wife heading off to play hostess. We hardly touched our dinner and talked through different scenarios, varying from pulling out of the show to getting very hot and horny.
Watching her getting ready was so erotic and I really was glad Ian had asked me to do the camera work -- she had clearly forgotten to make a rule against this and I was banking on it being too late for her to say no, once she cottoned on, just like last time. I knew how popular the video of Tom's party was around Ian's office.
She had decided to shave her pussy leaving just a tiny strip of pubic hair so that it looked pretty much bald and smooth. She sat at the dresser in just a black thong while she did her make up then put on the stockings. "How do I look?" she asked.
"Good enough to eat," I said and gave her a cuddle and kiss and pulled her nipples out to their full length. "Don't bother with the skirt though -- they'll want to see your ass and pussy too."
With a twinkle in her eye, she agreed to that change of plan while I pondered on why she had shaved her pussy if she really was going to keep the thong on this time.
I did feel a bit nervous on the ride to Ian's house and went through the rules I had sent him:
-No sex unless she wants to;
-If there is any sex then must be condoms (unlike the last time);
-If she says stop then must stop whatever they are doing.
Ian had promised she would be safe. We both knew how much he cared. He also said there was a little surprise in store for me, which I tried to prise out of him but he just said I will like it.
"How many did he say were coming?" my wife asked and I said he only said a few so suppose five or six plus him.
We arrived at Ian's house and my wife gave me a big kiss. I asked if she was sure about this and she replied that she couldn't let Ian down this time any more than last time. I watched as she walked to the door and saw Ian open it up and give her a hug as he waved to me.
From what I could see in the lounge, there were five more young guys than last time, four of them black and one white guy. When I asked Ian, he grinned and said, "That's your surprise! I've been recruiting since Tom retired. We needed knew blood. I thought you might agree -- I know you get turned and by the young boy/cougar image and so do I!"
My wife had disappeared into one of the spare bedrooms, of which there were several, to undress for the party. That only meant taking her coat off so she was barely gone for two minutes. When she emerged, her nipples were as stiff as bullets. I knew she must have been massaging them but it never took long. Ian guided her by the arm into the lounge and to the bar. Behind the bar she looked even more dramatic as no one could now see the stockings and thong so all eyes were glued to her tits.
Dean, the guy she had sucked off at Tom's party, was quick to step forward and ask for a beer. That broke any ice and next minute everyone was crowded around my wife, getting her to pour drinks while they ogled her. The first one to do more than look was Ramon, of course. The 19-year-old was just as eager to get the party going as he had been last time and he reached forward to take hold of my wife's left nipple.
Ian was about to put a stop to this forward behaviour when my wife stopped him.
"So, Ramon," she purred. "You like my tits, do you? I like what you're doing to my nipple but can you pinch it a little? Not too hard -- and give it a twist too."
No surprise that Ramon was very happy to oblige! We were all spellbound as Ramon squashed my wife's big nipple between his thumb and forefinger. She just held his eyes. Then we watched as he twisted the nipple, first left and then rather more to the right until my wife had to say, "Enough!"
There were several more of the younger generation keen to go to work on the other nipple but my wife told them they would need to wait. They complained a bit about favouritism but they heard the word 'wait' rather than 'no'. My wife went back to serving them drinks and they lapsed into raucous banter, regularly parking their eyes on her tits though.
After a while, the drinking slowed and she had time to clear empty glasses away. This meant that her ass was the new focus, her round cheeks spreading out from the tiny thong strap at the back and her black stockings contrasting pleasingly with her milky thighs. She soon saw that they were taking notice of her ass and legs and that put a smile on her face again.
It didn't take long for Ramon to make another attempt to have sex with her. This time, when she leaned over to reach two glasses on a table, he put a hand firmly on her back. With the other, he unzipped his fly and let his erect cock spring out. From there, it was a short leap to thrusting it under her pussy, still covered by the thong, and to start to slide it back and forth.
I half expected her to protest to Ian or even to turn and slap him but she moved her hips in time with his thrusts, supporting herself with her hands on the table. Seeing that she was allowing this sort of liberty, two more men barely more than a third of my wife's age, moved in for some of the action. They both took a nipple. As they were already pointing down, they just helped gravity and began pulling on them as if they were milking a cow. Seeing her nipples stretched out so far and hearing her moan in satisfaction almost made me come there and then.
By now, cameras and phones were out and I was not the only one capturing this scene. I don't know if my wife knew this was happening or if she was oblivious in her nipple-ecstasy but she made no move to tell them to stop. Ian gave me a thumb's up sign when he saw I was doing my job expertly -- and also because he knew how much he was going to enjoy watching my wife's brazen sexual behaviour afterwards.
There was only so long that Ramon was going to allow that thong to stand in his way and sure enough, he took a hand off my wife's hip and pulled it aside to reveal a very wet, open pussy. I saw her jerk away, determined to stop him just as she did at Tom's party but this time he was too quick and too strong. He used his other hand to push her down and almost without resistance, his cock slid straight into her pussy.
The room went suddenly silent. Ian dragged Ramon away and his cock came out with a very audible sound. I thought the night would end then and Ian obviously did too as he began to apologise. I thought that was good of him, to do that rather than ball Ramon out. However, my wife was very calm about it.
"Look," she said. "I let him get so excited and just shafting me once hardly counts as fucking me. You ask Tom about that."
The whole room laughed with relief at this, most of all Ramon.
My wife continued. "This is not going to be a gang bang. Accept it and enjoy the party Ian is putting on. I'm glad I'm making you all so hot -- and me too! -- although I can't see why you young guys want to see someone my age practically naked."
At this, there were lots of men quick to put the record straight. One young man looked at her very seriously and announced that he'd always fantasised about fucking his friends' mothers. Another told her that she'd got the best tits he'd ever seen, certainly the longest nipples. Ian added his opinion that she was much hotter than some twenty-something and that mature women were always sexiest.
"So it's not about me?" my wife asked teasingly.
"I didn't mean that," stammered an embarrassed Ian. "No -- it's definitely you. The way you carry yourself and those amazing nipples on the end of your fantastic tits. Your ass is pretty good too. You swallow cum like a pro and you lap dance better than any hooker -- Tom can confirm that."
My wife was satisfied with this series of replies and went back behind the bar, asking if anyone liked tequila. Dean, who's cum she had tasted at Tom's party, was quick to ask for one. He had a specific recipe though.
"I want to drink mine off your nipples please."
That made her pause midstream.
"What do you mean?" she asked.
"I mean you pour the shot over a nipple and I lick it off as you pour."
She considered this, cocking her hip.
"But I've got two nipples and they both need licking."
"Easy," said another black guy. "I'll take the other side if you don't mind."
So my wife poured out two shots of tequila and when Dean and the other guy were in position, she began slowly tipping the tequila over her very extended nipples. Of course, it was pretty messy, despite their best attempts at licking and sucking, which got cheers from the room and praise from my wife.
Ian stepped in to do the pouring for the next two men and that worked a lot more smoothly. By now, everyone was queued up to drinks shots off my wife's nipples. When it was Ian's turn, I saw he slowly reached down and insinuated first one finger and then another under the top of her thing and into her pussy. She began to mover her hips in time with his finger work.
After a few minutes, she was obviously very aroused but she pulled away.
"Last time, at Tom's party, I didn't get to have an orgasm. I want one now."
She looked around.
"Who wants to lick my pussy and suck on my clit?"
Everyone volunteered but she picked Ramon.
"You treat my nipples too roughly. They're not made of rubber. Let's see if you can get it right while you go down on me."
He looked a little shamed but soon Ramon brightened and reached forward for the thong again. This time my wife made no protest as he ripped it down her legs, spread them wide apart and buried his face in her pussy. He was quite noisy about it but so was she. He reached up with both hands and took a firm grip on both nipples, pulling them hard.
Her warning seemed to have fallen on deaf ears. He pulled them as far apart as he could, then he pinched them hard. He pulled them up towards her face and then he pulled them down towards her belly. He pulled them inwards, one past the other, then he pushed them hard into her tits, burying them along with his thumbs. All of this just made her breath more heavily.
He must have been doing a good job with his mouth too because a moment later she shuddered and screamed her way to a massive orgasm. Lots of photos were taken to capture the looks on both my wife's and Ramon's faces as she came under the rhythm of his tongue.
For the third time Ramon moved in to get his piece of paradise.
"No," my wife commanded. And he stopped. "Not you."
Ramon backed away, knowing he had to do what she said but not at all wanting to. His cock was in his hand and he began stroking it.
"Must be my dick this time," Dean called out, unzipping his huge member and aiming it at my wife's red pussy.
"No, not you either. I'll only allow one of you to put your cock in my pussy and that's going to be Ian. It's his party, that's why I let Tom fuck me last time."
Ian looked very pleased; Dean didn't.
Another voice called out. "If I throw a party would that rule apply?"
"It depends on the party," my wife came back. "Probably."
Ian stepped up to take her from behind but she told him to lie on his back. When he had done so she very, very slowly lowered her gaping pussy on to his erect penis -- allowing the cameras to record every moment of the journey down his shaft.
Then she looked at Ramon. "If you can restrain yourself for a few more minutes, I'll suck you dry. It's a fair payment for the great job you did on my clit and on my nipples."
Ramon's hand fell from his cock and a big smile spread across his face.
As my wife bounced up and down on Ian's cock, hands reached out to grip her nipples. Each time she rose up, her nipples were dragged down and each time her pussy sank onto the full length of Ian's cock, they were pulled up towards her chin. Very soon indeed, both of them climaxed breathlessly.
Ramon didn't even wait for my wife to dismount Ian. He turned her head and pushed his cock between her lips. We could all see her cheek bulge and then her throat.
If Ian came quickly, Ramon beat all records. There was a fountain of cum. Much of it she did swallow but even so, much of it spilled from her mouth and down onto her tits. This gave her an idea.
"You can all beat yourselves off over my tits please! I don't want anyone else to fuck me and I've drunk more than enough cum for tonight thanks to Ramon! See if you can turn my tits white!"
And that is exactly what happened. Her nipples still jutted out from the carpet of sticky cum but her tits were barely visible.
My wife served one more round of drinks, topless with cum dripping from her tits. She smiled for the cameras without any hesitation. Then she asked Ian if she had earned her money and if she could clean up now. He was too much the gentleman to refuse.
After that, at home, we had wonderful sex. My wife didn't even shower. I had the movie of the night playing as we fucked and I could tell she was watching it too.
Of course, more requests for work as a party hostess came in over the next few weeks -- but more of that later!