Edited by Quinn McMullen
This story was originally all together in one part. After many kind comments I have expanded several sections and divided it into three parts to make it easier for you the reader. All characters are at least 18 years of age. Special thanks to Quinn McMullen for all his efforts with editing. It was no small task!
Dear Diary,
Today is Thursday
Okay, so a twist in the narrative. I met someone my own age today. Well, almost my own age. When I got up this morning the rain had stopped. As I performed my morning ritual of walking a lap around the resort there was a break in the clouds and actual sunshine touched my skin. Despite myself, I felt a little better. I guess the weather has matched my mood this last week.
As the sun-kissed my skin it felt wonderful. I decided to sulk by the pool today. So for the first time this trip, I put on my suit and headed to the pool. Apparently, all the old people had the same idea. I managed to find a corner by myself and away from the two gawkers over by the Tiki Hut. I just hoped they stayed on their side of the pool today. I hate when the creepy guy talked to me.
I started rubbing the tanning lotion on my skin and was engulfed with the smell of coconut. My heart sank as I thought of Janet and Jake. No doubt he had rubbed the same oil into her naked body. I was sure they were having the time of their life.
Oh, that's my new thing by the way. I take any activity I am doing and picture Janet and Jake doing it while having sex. Yeah, I'm losing it.
Anyway, when I heard someone sit down on the lounge behind me it snapped me out of my daydream. Janet and Jake were going to have to wait. My shoulders sank as I prepared myself for an awkward unwanted conversation.
"Hey there!" came a chipper female voice from behind me.
Well, at least it's not the old creepy guy trying to pry into my day with questions. You think he could take a hint.
I turned to face the intruder.
"Hey," I said casually.
"Weather finally broke." She continued in a very upbeat chipper tone.
"Yeah," I said with a bit more optimism in my voice as my eyes caught her side profile.
My heart leaped as I realized it was another life from my own age. Then I found myself staring at her awkwardly for several seconds before realizing I was gawking.
She had fair, but deeply bronzed skin. She barely wore a micro bikini. Her waist-long blond hair was in a half-up fishtail braid, and she had sky-blue eyes. Yes, those blue eyes that turned and met mine were even more mesmerizing than Jake's. She was a sight to behold, and, at that moment, I knew in my soul I needed her to be my friend.
That sounds kind of crazy right? But something happened when our eyes met. I am almost positive she felt it too because her face seemed to brighten even more. I wish I could describe what happened at that moment. I wish I could bottle it and revisit it. Maybe I am just being weird and overreacting after going five days with no contact with anyone even remotely my age.
OK, back on track. So, her name is Allie, she is 29 so a little older than me. She is married and her husband's name is Brett. They are supposed to be staying at the gigantic resort about a mile from here, but apparently, with the tropical storm something happened with some of the rooms, so they will be staying here until something becomes available.
I haven't met Bret yet; he was off at some meet and greet or something. If he is half as cool as she is, things just got remarkably better in my life. I'll write more later. We are going to have lunch together then do some tourist shopping.
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary,
Today Is Friday
I don't think I will be able to sleep tonight. Today was such an adventure. First, I met Brett when I went to lunch with Allie. I wasn't prepared. He is absolutely stunning. I hope Allie didn't mind I was basically drooling all over him. Imagine young Brad Pitt with glasses at twenty-five. Brett's a bit slimmer though. I don't think I have ever seen a more perfectly matched couple. They seem so in love.
Brett and Allie are a stark contrast to my parents for sure. My parents hardly ever do anything together anymore.
Even here on vacation, Dad keeps his same schedule. He gets up sometime between four-thirty or five in the morning. Then he goes on a run. After that, it's a quick shower before he makes breakfast.
That's usually about the time I get up, way, way earlier than I want to. I can smell the toast and coffee and despite myself, just the smell of coffee wakes me up.
Reluctantly I make my way out to the kitchenette. He has breakfast waiting for me. It's a routine we have had for as long as I can remember. It's the only real time I ever spend with my dad. We don't talk much, but he is one of those people you just like to be around even if you're not interacting.
He just sips his coffee and reads the paper. Yup, still reads an old-school newspaper. My Dad is anything, but modern. Then he usually does work stuff for a few hours until Mom gets up. At least she has the right Idea. This is a vacation we should be sleeping in right. Anyway, she usually wakes up just before lunch. Maybe around eleven.
She is usually nursing a hangover, so Dad is quick to have a Bloody Mary ready for her. Hair of the dog he calls it. That usually sets her right and her mood lightens.
It's odd to see Mom hungover now that I think about it. At home, drinking is a big taboo. Dad sometimes drinks scotch but mostly no one drinks. I guess it's a vacation from the rules, well for some of us anyway.
Once Mom starts to feel normal, there is a short speech from Dad on responsibility, then they disappear for the rest of the day. Dad gets back around nine, but no later than eleven. He is usually a little more than drunk and the joke's that he turns into a pumpkin after midnight.
Mom rolls in sometime between when I fall asleep and when I get up in the morning. Ironic isn't it that even though I am now a full-fledged adult I am not allowed to be out past ten, not allowed to drink, do drugs, have friends, or do anything that even resembles dating or having fun in any way. The Queen Mother however, can come in at any hour three sheets to the wind.
Okay, Okay, I am not going to let them ruin my evening.
So, I guess that's usually the order of events. Well, except this morning. This morning I was awakened to the sounds of Mom and Dad laughing. I looked at the clock and it was almost six. I pressed my pillow over my head to block the sound, but now my mind was awake. Resentfully I swung my feet out of my bed, Dad would have coffee ready in a few minutes anyway.
I slipped my flip-flops on and went to see what had mother up and in such rare form at this early hour. They were laughing and talking in hushed tones as I walked into the kitchen. Dad saw me and shushed Mom, she turned and saw me then burst out laughing as she made the shushing sound.
"Something funny?" I quipped.
"Nothing," Mom said between giggles, "I just love you two so much" she gushed.
I gave her a "Who are you and where is my mother" look, Dad pulled her close and told her he loved her too. Then she wobbled a little and belched. She laughed again and said sorry covering her face.
Who was this woman standing in the kitchen and what had she done with my real Mom? She started to walk towards me, no stumble would be a better word. I got a good look at her. I barely recognized the woman standing before me.
She wore a short silver sparkly mini skirt split to her hip. It had an open back top made from the same material which accentuated her already ample breasts. The straps from the top crisscrossed her chest ending as a choker around her neck. She had fishnet stockings on and was holding a pair of stiletto heels in her right hand. To top it off, she was in full makeup. From foundation to eyeliner which had smudged a little, she was completely dolled up and topped off with cherry red lipstick.
I don't think I have ever seen Mom in full makeup. Not like this. She didn't wear dresses, let alone skirts. Mom was always in tan capris, a polo shirt, and white tennis shoes. She looks 20 years younger. She looked, dare I say it, fun.
She gave me a hug and her perfume enveloped me. She smelled like vanilla and sugar.
"I need to get to bed," she said as she clung to me.
I swear if I would have let go, she would have fallen to the floor. Dad came up alongside us and took her from me. "Okay Sweetie, let's get you to bed."
She didn't argue, but asked if he were coming.
Dad looked nervously over at me and said, "Not right now."
Mom began to whine and beg saying she needed him.
Okay, this went from very awkward to off the scale. I turned and walked outside to try and process what had just happened and clear my head. The sun was out so I slipped back into the suite long enough to change into my suit and grab the tanning oil.
Wow! Talk about a rabbit trail, I wonder if this is how my brain works in real life. So, I guess I said all that to say about how Brett and Allie are awesome. Brett had a seminar or something he had to get to, so that left Allie and me to ourselves. I think we went to all the little tourist trap shops around the resort.
We talked about everything and nothing all day. It was refreshing and I feel like maybe the universe is smiling on me just a little today. Unfortunately, Allie said she was meeting some friends with Brett at the other resort that night and they wouldn't be back until late. Then she asked if I was up to hanging out in the morning. She said Brett had some stuff to do and she could use the company. I got so excited I am surprised I didn't scare her away.
It's crazy how I feel like Allie and I have known each other our whole life. We have spent like what, like six hours together. Maybe I am just that pathetic and starved for attention. Anyway, I am tired and need to try and sleep.
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary,
Today is Monday
Ok, so I didn't write anything yesterday or the day before. Is it weird I feel a little guilty about not writing? All I can say is it has been a crazy couple of days.
So, a couple of things. First the large resort next door is a swinger's resort. Allie mentioned it in passing the other morning at breakfast. I acted as if I already knew it was, but I think she could tell I had no idea. Or maybe she was just gauging my reaction because, hello, that's where they are supposed to be staying and that means they are swingers. I was pretty shocked, although I think I played it cool.
I just casually asked how long they had been in the lifestyle.
She looked at me curiously, "We've always had an open relationship, but we're were new to the lifestyle. We're just putting our toes in the water so to speak, just to see what was out there."
I said, "I have always wondered about the lifestyle myself."
Allie laughed, "Oh, really! You're interested in the lifestyle?"
"Sure", I retorted a little too defensively.
Honestly, the thought had never crossed my mind. I don't know why I lied to Allie, maybe I didn't want her to think I was uncool. Well now the deed was done, and I was apparently interested in the swinging lifestyle.
Allie smirked and said, "Well Brett will be happy to hear that. He was wondering if there was a bit more to your flirting."
I am not sure how red I turned, but my face felt as if it were on fire. Allie picked up her cell and texted something.
"What are you doing," I asked incredulously.
"Just texting Brett to let him know you are into him." She said innocently,
I sat up in my chair, "You are not!"
She handed me the phone and she had so. The text just said, "She's totally into you."
My mouth dropped open as I looked over at Allie who was trying to look innocent. The phone shook and I looked back to see a reply from Brett.
"Great! Ask her if she wants to join us tonight for some dogging."
"What did he say?"
"He just invited me on a date," I said tossing the phone back to Allie.
She looked at the screen and laughed. "So, you're in?" She said looking doubtful.
"What's the timeframe?" I asked.
She gave me a thoughtful look and then said, "Well, we usually set out around nine. That's when it seems there is the most activity anyway. Things seem to die down after midnight, so we usually head back to our room around then. Sound good?"
"Yeah, sounds great!" I lied. Well, I didn't lie exactly.
I stood when Allie stood and returned her embrace. She whispered in my ear, "I'm pretty excited you're coming along with us. See you in a few hours. We will meet you at the pool Tiki bar at nine."
I watched in semi-disbelief as she walked away. Once the spell of her presence was broken, I began to nervously wonder what I was getting myself into. I mean I had no idea what dogging was.
The first thing that popped in my head as I thought about it, was maybe it would be Brett doing me doggy style. The thought made me flush, and at the same time, I felt sexual energy flutter in my nether regions. I mean they were swingers, so apparently, Brett and I would be doing it at some point right?
To say I was a bit frazzled was an understatement. I spent the rest of the afternoon trying to decide what I was going to wear. I hadn't packed to have fun on this trip. I ended up doing some shopping on Gram, settling on a pair of cut-offs, a lacy red thong, and a baby tee with no bra. No bra because I hadn't packed any of the sexy ones and none in the shops fit me quite right. All I had with me was old reliable. It was comfortable and got the job done. I had not even washed it all week and there was no way I was going to have Brett see me in it. So, no bra it was.
For the next phase of my plan, I pulled my night shirt over my clothes and got in bed to wait for Dad to get home. Most nights I was still up. Tonight, however, I thought it would be better if I was already in bed feigning sleep. Dad usually showered and was in bed within ten minutes of getting home. So, if he rolled in by nine, like most nights, then I should only be about fifteen minutes late meeting them.
He didn't come home. At nine-fifteen I mustered my courage and left the suite. I was going to just run to the Tiki bar and tell them I had something come up and I would be back in a little bit. I began to think of what could have possibly come up that didn't sound lame as I carefully made my way down to the pool.
Sticking to the shadows the best I could. I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw Allie and Brett sitting at the bar. Then my heart sank when I saw who was sitting next to them chatting away. Mom and Dad! Of course, how could I forget Mom was out here tying one on every night? What was I thinking by agreeing to meet them in the one place my mother was guaranteed to be?
I looked around at all the old people as it slowly dawned on me. I had set myself up for failure. My parents were at least thirty years younger than anyone else here. Anyone, but Bret and Allie. Realizing there wasn't going to be any dogging for me, I tucked my tail between my legs and headed back to my room.
Shortly after my second crying spell, I heard my Dad come in. I looked at the clock. It was nine fifty-five. Maybe it wasn't too late. I controlled my breathing and feigned sleep when I heard the door to my room open. Then just like every night, I heard the click of the latch as Dad closed it.
My mind began to race. Did I dare try and go back down to see if they were still there? What would I do about Mom? My thoughts were interrupted by Mom's laugh. I listen carefully as I heard Mom and Dad, talking in hushed tones, make their way past my room heading back to their room.
I heard the bedroom door shut and it was silent. Like a flash, I was out of bed and putting my clothes back on. Then as quietly as possible I made my way out of the suite stepping on every squeaky board in the place. I hadn't even realized the floors squeaked.
Once outside I hurled myself toward the bar. I got a few looks as I barreled by several elderly folks. When I could see it, I slowed my pace and franticly began looking to where I had last seen them.
The place was packed, but the two chairs at the end of the bar where Brett and Allie had been sitting were now occupied by someone else. I made two laps around the area sticking to the shadows but couldn't see them. Then I saw my mother sitting with a group of people. Holy Crap, how did she get back out here so fast I wondered? She must have only gone back with Dad to change. I gave one more quick look around, but still no Brett and still no Allie.
I sat down on the bench and tried not to cry. I breathed in the cool tropical air and after a few minutes, I began to regain my composure. What the hell was I doing? I'm not a swinger. I sure as hell never wanted to share Jake. I mean just the thought of him being with Janet made my blood boil.
Now I had agreed to do something I had no idea what it was with people I didn't know. Am I that desperate for attention that I will do anything just to have a friend?
As I reflected on all the despair in my life I heard someone call my name. I looked up and standing in front of me was Allie, her arm locked with Brett's.
"Are you ok, have you been crying?" Allie was at my side in an instant, does this have to do with us?"
The question caught me off guard, "No, of course not, I, I, just have some family issues I am working through, It's not you guys. I just didn't want you to see me like this." Well, that was sort of the truth this time at least.
Allie took my hand reassuringly, "We can just hang out at the Tiki Hut if you want. We don't have to go out."
My eyes snapped to hers, "No!" I said a little more panicked than I meant to. "I want to go with you guys tonight."
Allie leaned forward and looked deep into my eyes, "You sure, we don't have to do anything."
"No", I said, my voice steady now, "I need this. I need to do something fun to get my mind off everything."
Now I felt Brett's hand on mine. It was so warm. He gently pulled me to my feet.
"There is one thing we need to get out of the way first though." He said looking devious.
I looked up into Brett's eyes and asked, "What's that?"
Then I felt his mouth on mine. Our lips seemed to melt together. I felt the flick of his tongue as his arms enveloped me. And for a moment I was somewhere else. I don't know where, lost in time maybe. Then as unexpectedly as it had happened, it was over.
"We good my little unicorn?" He asked
"Yeah", I said, my voice sounded breathy and wanting.
Allie touched my cheek tenderly and I turned to face her. She was smiling, "Are WE good?" she asked quirking one eyebrow.
"I think so."
"Good," she said, let's go dogging.
So two things, one the people at the resort next door are not old. They are young, beautiful, and full of life. And number two, dogging is not sex doggie style. Well not exactly.
Yeah, I was confused too. Apparently, dogging is when you go out and watch other people have sex. So, sex is involved but you're not having it.
As we made our way down the beach, we passed gazebo after gazebo with all sorts of people in different sexually charged situations. The sound of pleasure filled the air all around us and I could feel the energy start to stir in me.
Allie explained they had been dogging to try and get used to the idea of people having sex around them. Allie explained that neither of them had been with someone else since they had been together. Brett said they had always agreed on an open relationship and an open marriage, but in truth didn't know where to start. Then they had been invited to the resort by one of Brett's friends and booked a flight.
Allie whispered, "Let's go down here, it's not as crowded."
We made our way along a torch-lit path to a gazebo glowing with soft candlelight. It was surrounded by a cluster of palm trees. It was quite picturesque with the stars and moon set in the background. Once we got closer, I could see the little benches around the outside of the gazebo for people to sit on.
Allie took my hand and led me to one of the benches more obscured by darkness. She sat to the left of me having Brett sit to my right. Each had their arm around me, and I could feel them caressing each other as we sat there quietly. I looked at Brett, he was looking in the gazebo. I then turned to look at Allie, she was smiling as she met my gaze. Then she tilted her head toward the gazebo, and I gave it my undivided attention.
From what I could tell there were two couples. The men were reclined back and the women were slowly riding them. It was beautiful to watch. The movements seemed slow, intense, and purposeful. Now and then a low soft moan would escape from the lips of one of them. The motions of the women seemed to match that of the sound of the waves in the background. Whoosh; Whoosh. The sound melded into a sensual rhythm that I found my own body and breathing syncing with. I watched as the men ran their fingers along the women's sides and backs. It was almost like watching a choreographed dance.
I turned and looked at Brett, his eyes transfixed on the scene before him. I squeezed his hand and he squeezed back. I wondered if we would have sex tonight. I knew if he turned and looked at me at this moment, I would let him have me. My chest felt heavy, my breathing labored.
I heard the slap of skin, and my attention was turned back to the couples. They were changing positions. The woman on my left looked over toward us and smiled. She looked about the same age as Allie. She had beautiful bronze skin and big doe eyes with long lashes. Her breasts were large, but perky. She had small brown areolas with nipples that looked as hard as a cherry pit. She gave us a wink then gracefully moved to the table. Her husband, who looked much older than her, helped her layback as he put a pillow under her head for support, she then ran her long legs up and down his sides in a seductive manner that seem to say 'come, take me'. He didn't need much encouragement. I watched his hand move between her legs. I know it sounds crazy, but I felt her gasp as he entered her body. Allie must have felt the same thing as her body seemed to shutter with mine.
I looked to Allie; to see if she had noticed as well. Her eyes were locked on the couple before us and mine were transfixed on her. Allie's mouth opened as she took a long deep breath. Her lips then made a circle as she expelled it slowly. She was feeling something alright.
Another moan turned my attention back to the slap, slap rhythm on the table. The woman's head was now tilted back, her eyes shut tight. You could see the shock wave of energy ripple through her body with each thrust.
I caught movement from the lounge. It seemed the other couple had decided to move out of the shadows to get a better view of what was happening on the table. I couldn't blame them as I found myself wanting to get closer as well. I wanted to be in the middle of what was going on. As the second couple moved closer to the table their bodies were illuminated by the dim lights. Apparently, the age difference of this couple was about the same as the couple on the table, with the younger of the two this time being the male.
I watched as the lady approached the table. While attractive she was nothing compared to the lady on the table. I could see her stretch marks and a long scar across her abdomen. Her breasts were a bit smaller and sagged slightly.
I know it sounds like I was judging her, but really, I wasn't. Well not in a bad way I mean. Even with her flaws, she seemed confident and secure with her body. I desired that confidence in myself.
I watched her as she moved. She was as graceful as the other lady. She placed her hands on the table and leaned over the younger woman. She was watching her squirm and wriggle intently from inches away.
The young lady's back arched as she cried out, the other woman pressed her lips to her cutting off the sound and catching the woman's cries in her mouth. The young man then entered the older woman from behind as she was bent over the table holding and kissing the other girl. I don't think she was expecting it because her lips broke contact as she let out a moan of her own. Then the two men's rhythms synced as the two women clung to each other, their cries becoming a chorus rising into the night. The sound of the pleasure was overwhelming.
I felt Allie's body shudder with mine and turned to look at her. This time she had felt it too. I watched as Allie leaned forward and kissed me.
The sexual soundtrack playing all around us faded into the background as we made our way back to their suite. No one said a word on the way back. I think we were all too scared to speak, like if we spoke it would break the spell.
I was barely in the door before Allie's lips were pressed against mine, Brett's warm hands kneading my breasts. I found myself franticly using one hand to tug on Brett's belt and the other to unclasp Allie's bra. I felt Allie's hand on mine helping with the buckle. I moved my other hand to his buttons. Brett's shorts slid to the floor with the belt making a thudding sound.
He stepped out of them moving us closer to the bedroom. I felt the buttons on my shorts giving way one by one as I pulled the string tie freeing Allie from hers. They slipped silently to the ground, and as we stepped out of them we continued the movement toward their room. Now I was kissing Brett. Allie's hands slid along my body pulling my shirt over my head breaking the kiss, but not our momentum.
I returned the favor and pulled Allie's shirt and bra off in a single motion. I turned to Brett, but he was already walking down the hall removing his shirt leaving Allie and me standing there wanting in nothing but our panties.
I felt Allie's hand on my chin, she turned my head towards our next kiss. We stood there kissing, touching, and caressing until Brett reminded us, we were neglecting him.
"You ladies coming in here or do I need to come back out there and get you."
Allie's eyes were wide and bright. She smiled asking, "You up for this"
"I think so", I said returning the smile.
By the time Allie and I reached their room, Brett had transformed it into a candle-lit sanctuary. He was standing by the bed holding a bottle of massage oil.
"So, who's first," Brett asked with a wide grin.
"I think our guest should be first." Allie agreed seductively, "Unless there are any objections."
I couldn't speak, all I could do is grin and shake my head side-to-side like an idiot.
Allie took my hand and led me over to Brett. Once by his side, she turned me back to face her. She began trailing kisses along my neck, breasts, and stomach as she slowly sank to her knees. I watched as her fingers trailed lightly down my sides until they hooked into my thong, then the trail of kisses followed them as she slid them from my legs. She looked up at me then looked to Brett.
I felt his hand touch me, then guide me forward so I was lying face down on the bed.
Allie asked if I was comfortable, and I said, "Yes."
I heard a click then felt the drizzle of warm oil across my back. Four hands worked and spread it to the rest of my body. My arousal heightened as fingers slid around my bottom and between my inner thighs, not quite touching my most sensitive places but leaving them wanting and longing for more. I lost track of whose hands were whose.
I felt Allie breathe on my ear as she whispered, "it's time to roll over." She kissed my ear sending a shiver down my spine. I rolled over and was rewarded by Brett's mouth on mine.
Allie applied more oil and began working it into my stomach and legs. I felt her lips again and again lightly touching my skin. She moved from my stomach to my inner thigh where she gave me a love bite. The feeling of teeth scraping my skin caused my body to shudder.
I began to pant like a dog as Brett moved from my mouth to my neck then to my breast. His mouth was hot over my nipple, then he blew, and I felt it draw up tight. Warm oil then pooled between my breasts as he continued licking and sucking.
My attention was drawn back to Allie as she moved her body between my legs raking her nails down my inner thighs. My leg's parted easily, opening as flower peddles to the sun.
Her kisses were hot and as wet as a rain forest as she moved from my right thigh, up around my mound, and back to my left thigh. I moaned
Brett continued to rub oil firmly into both breasts. His hands were strong. Opening my eyes, I saw him watching Allie intently. When he smiled at her It drew my own eyes to her. Most of her face was obscured by my mound. I think she had been waiting for me to look because when our eyes locked, she split me with her tongue.
I almost came off the bed. Brett pressed me back onto the bed as his hands franticly kneaded my breasts. I moaned deliciously into Brett's mouth when I felt Allie's fingers join the assault on the lower half of my body. Brett kiss me hard doing to my mouth what Allie was doing to me down there.
My legs begin to shake uncontrollably. Pleasure shot through me like lightning. I felt her latch on to me as my back arched. Then for the first time in my life, I truly knew what an orgasm was. I felt like I was being undone and remade at the same moment. Waves of heat radiated from her lips and through my core, coming out my mouth as I cried,
"Oh Allie, god, Allie"
The pace slowed as the waves of passion receded. Brett moved from my side and watched as Allie kissed her way back to my mouth. She took her time. It's like she didn't want to leave a square inch of me untouched. When she reached my ear, she whispered
"What do you think, should we give Brett a turn?
I managed a weak "sure" as I rolled to a sitting position on the edge of the bed. I was still breathless and a bit shaky as Allie helped me to my feet.
We both turned towards Brett who was now standing at the foot of the bed. His erection was more than a little obvious despite the boxers and I found myself blushing. Allie wasted no time dropping to her knees and pulling the boxer briefs from him. She told him to sit back on the bed and he did as he was told.
Immediately she took him into her mouth. I watched in amazement as Brett began to disappear. Her lips slid halfway down before coming back up to the tip. She repeated the process three or four times before taking the entire shaft into her mouth to its base.
She held herself there as Brett bucked, crying, "OH! God! Allie!"
Allie gagged before she pulled back letting him slip from her mouth with a wet smacking sound. She gasped for air. There was a string of saliva connecting the two of them.
Brett groaned, "Jesus Allie, you trying to make me cum already?"
She looked up at me, smiled, then did it again. He moaned.
Allie choked herself again on him before letting him slip from her mouth. Her breathing was heavy, and it made her breasts heave. She motioned for me to join her.
She continued stroking with her right hand as she winked at me and said, "He isn't going to last long at this rate, but there is something about sucking a man's cock that just makes me gush."
I blushed a little at her comment as I noticed I had juices running down my legs.
"Do you want some of this delicious cock?" Allie mused with a smile that was quite devious.
I looked nervously between Allie and the thing she was stroking trying to get up my courage.
"Yes," I confessed shyly.
She continued to stroke Bret. Then took him in her mouth syncing with her right hand she began moving more quickly up and down. Brett groaned again. Pulling Brett from her mouth she used her hand to tilt him toward me. I leaned over, closing my eyes, and wrapped my mouth around his girth. I felt Allie release him from her grip and just like that he was mine.
I mimicked what Allie had done, knowing Brett seemed to like it. My lips slid down his shaft then back to the tip where I gave it a little flick with my tongue. I was encouraged when I felt Brett's hips rise slightly beneath me. I moved my lips up and down his shaft a little faster, matching the speed of my hand. Allie had now moved behind me, her wandering fingers making it between my legs. I felt her breath on my neck as her finger slipped inside me.
"Oh my", she cooed. "You're so wet."
I began to have a hard time keeping my hand and mouth synced as I worked Brett's shaft. Adjusting myself forward a bit more I had a better angle on Brett, and Allie had a better angle on me. I felt her finger slide across my most sensitive of places. I began to come.
I placed one hand on each of Brett's thighs and dug my fingers in hard. Brett moaned reminding me he was there in front of me.
The first wave of pleasure waned, and I realized I was pushing my nose and lips into his pelvis. I could feel the softness of his scrotum on my chin. I had consumed him completely. I couldn't breathe, but didn't care as pleasure took me again. I felt my throat constrict as if it were trying to swallow him whole. I could hear Brett's voice somewhere in the distance, but couldn't make out what he was saying
From behind heard Allie respond.
"It's okay, baby, go ahead".
I felt Brett's hips begin to buck, I came up and took a huge breath before swallowing him again. This time I fell the muscles in his legs turn to steel as he cried over and over,
"I am going to cum, I am going to cum."
I came up again for a breath, as I did Allie slipped between us taking Brett in her mouth. A little disappointed Allie was stealing my treat, I moved over a little giving her room.
I laid my head on Brett's thigh just inches from where Allie and he met. I was breathing as I had just run a marathon. I watched Allie meet each one of Brett's thrusts with her mouth. When his body stiffened and began to shake Allie froze in place, lips wrapped around his tip. I could see him pulsing and imagined he was filling her mouth with his seed. She held him there until his body relaxed.
Allie turned and came to me, our lips met, and she shared him with me. She pulled me tight into her with one hand, her other went back to work on me.
I ran my fingers down her side and felt her shiver, I lifted my right hand caressing her face as my left hand cupped her between her thighs. She was soaking wet; I wiggled my fingers and was surprised when the middle one slipped inside her. So, I thought, her panties were crotchless.
I let my ring finger follow suit and pushed deeper into her warmth. She moaned into my mouth. I felt Allie's finger slip inside of me, making a come here motion deep within me.
It felt so good I began to mimic what she was doing hoping it felt as good to her as it did me.
Using her thumb, she made small circles around my tiny button. Again, I followed suit and was rewarded as she broke the kiss and clung to me.
"Oh god, oh god, don't stop I'm cumming!" She cried.
I felt her body began to shake as her fingers joined mine. She leaned forward, body shaking head on my neck crying out in pleasure. I thought I may cum again just watching her.
Then her body relaxed, and her hand fell away. I let my fingers slip from her body and we collapsed to the floor while I held her.
I found myself wanting to see if Brett was watching us. He was on the bed and had managed to stroke himself back to life. I watched him reach over and pick up what looked like a condom. I felt the butterflies of excitement in my gut as I realized we were not done. This was going to happen.
Still caressing Allie, I watched as he tore the foil packet and pulled out the little round circle. He set the wrapper next to him and began rolling it down his length continuing to stroke himself after it was in place
At this point, I wish I could say something like, 'As I lay there softly caressing Allie, Bret took me from behind finishing my first night of dogging with doggy'. But no, insert a long sigh here.
Instead, he picked up the wrapper and tossed it toward the trash can. My eyes followed the trajectory of the empty wrapper and caught a look at the little red numbers of the clock sitting on the dresser: seven forty-five
There was quite a bit of confusion when I bolted to my feet leaving Allie on the floor. Brett was up off the bed in a flash asking what's wrong, is everything all right.
I blurted "I have to go! I am late! They're going to kill me!"
Then without further explanation, I bolted from the room picking up my clothing and putting it back on in the reverse order of the evening.
I opened the door and was met by the morning sun. This was not good.
I ran as fast as I could to the suite. When I got to the door, I had to pause for several moments to catch my breath. Frantically I tried to think of what to tell Dad. I could think of nothing. Maybe he wouldn't say anything. Sometimes Dad surprised me like that. I took a deep breath and walked into the condo.
I could hear Mom and Dad laughing as I entered. Shit, Mom was up. I squared my shoulders and walk toward my inevitable doom. Stepping into the kitchen they both stopped and turned to me. Mom gave me a quick look up and down and said, your shirts inside out. Then went back to her conversation with Dad.
"Oh, thanks," I said, I could hear the shake in my voice.
I watched closely to see if they had picked up on it. It didn't seem like they had noticed.
"Hey, Dad and I were thinking we would take a break from sightseeing today and maybe spend the day together as a family."
"Sure", I retorted, my voice sounding a little better.
"Great, go ahead and change into your swimsuit and grab a towel and we will get going".
Still, in a bit of a daze, I went to my room, stripped off my clothes, and tossed them in the corner. I grabbed my one piece from the end of my bed and slipped it on followed by my white lace cover-up and headed for the door. I was so tired it all seems like a dream.
We walked down to the beach and looked for shark teeth like we did when I was a kid. It made me miss the old days when Mom and Dad seemed happy all the time. Maybe it was just my innocence back then. I was beginning to wonder.
As we walked, it dawned on me, they were holding hands, laughing, smiling, and making jokes. They were the parents of my distant memories. The ones I had forgotten about and wondered if they were ever real. But there they were chasing each other around, caressing, kissing, and acting like teens fresh in love. I literally pinched myself to see if it was real.
Now that I am thinking about it, I do remember my parents being happy what seemed like all the time before we moved. They were so much more involved in my life then. I also remember we took trips to different resorts in tropical places. We had family outings and family game nights.
When did that change? Why did it change?
I'm not sure but what I am realizing now is this place always makes them happy. Despite my mood swings and my poor treatment toward them since we had arrived, they have treated me with kindness.
Anyway, we walked down the beach until we reached The Tourist Trap. That is the actual name of the place: The Tourist Trap. There are a group of buildings full of touristy things as well as several restaurants and boutiques. On Saturdays and Sundays, they set up an impromptu flea market in the parking lot, and everyone wanders down.
Mom and Dad stopped to look at a necklace one of the vendors had. I kept walking and browsing only stopping when I ran across some watches. With no cell phone to tell time, I considered maybe I would buy a good old-fashioned wristwatch. I don't think I have ever owned one. There was a really cute one with a small round silver face and a thin black leather band. I stooped to look at it and heard a voice call from behind.
"Hey, not to bother you, but are you Brett and Allie's friend?"
Their names made me smile and I turned toward the couple addressing me.
"I am." I cocked my head, they looked so familiar, but their voices were not. It felt like a Deja Vu moment. I watched her eyes light up at the acknowledgment.
"That's what we thought, I'm Beth by the way, and this is my husband Rick."
"Hey Beth, Rick." I politely nodded to each of them. She must have sensed my confusion.
"I'm sorry, we haven't met, well not officially."
I watched as she casually looked around to see who was in earshot. Then in a slightly lower voice, she continued.
"We were in the gazebo the other night."
Then it clicked; I had the couples mixed up and I didn't recognize them with clothes on. It turns out the older two were a couple and the younger two were a couple. Then the gears began to turn as I realize not only had they swapped partners, but I was not as incognito as I thought. My mind panicked, who else could recognize me. Then I thought shit, where are Mom and Dad.
I turned to look and saw Dad paying for the necklace not fifty feet away. I couldn't hear what they were saying over the crowd which meant they couldn't hear me. At least that was good. Panicked I looked back to Beth, but her eyes had followed mine and I saw understanding in them.
"Oh, I am so sorry", she said in a hushed tone, "I didn't realize you were with someone right now"
"Oh", Rick said as he took a casual step back turning slightly, he bent over and nonchalantly looked over some of the merchandise.
Keeping her voice low she continued, "We will leave you to it, just know if you see us around and you want to say 'hi' feel free."
Then she handed me a card, I took it and looked at it. It simply had her name and a suite number on it.
"Feel free to stop by anytime, we are always open for company. If we have company, feel free to join us or just watch. She gave me a wink and just like that they disappeared into the crowd and were gone. I put the card into the pocket of my cover-up as Mom and Dad walked up behind me.
"What are you looking at," Dad asked smiling.
"Oh, I was just looking at this watch, I was thinking of getting one since I don't have a cell to tell time."
I flinched a little, I didn't mean it to sound like I was complaining about not having a phone or insinuating I wanted it back. I mean I did want it back, it's just that my intentions were genuine. We were having such a good day I didn't want something I said to wreck it.
Mom stepped forward and asked which one I was looking at. I pointed and she had the young lady working the counter get it out. She put it on my wrist and fastened the simple leather band.
"It's very elegant," Dad said moving closer to get a better look.
"How does it feel? "Mom asked.
"Good, I don't even notice it on my wrist".
"How much," she asked the clerk.
"One fifty."
When I heard the amount, I started to take it off, but then Mom reached into her purse and handed the lady two one-hundred-dollar bills.
"Thanks," I stammered, I didn't know what to say. Mom never spent money on me. Not one hundred and fifty dollars anyway.
"So, let's grab some lunch, I'm starved." She said turning back toward Dad.
"Sounds great," Dad said as he began looking around.
We grabbed a bite at one of the food trucks, and then walked slowly back to the condo. As we walked by the pool, I told Mom and Dad I was going to jump in, the day had heated up quite a bit and I wanted to cool off. Mom said sure, see you in a little bit. And I watched as they walked up the path.
The water was warmer than I would have liked. While it was refreshing it didn't quite have the desired effect.
I decided to swing past Allie and Brett's condo just to check in and maybe apologize. Maybe I could also explain why I ran out of there as I had.
I found myself walking slower and slower reflecting on last night and how intense everything was. It seems as if it had happened days ago, not just hours.
Finally, my feet found their way to the front door. It was open so I knocked and called in.
An elderly lady I recognized from housekeeping came to the door.
"Hey," I said, have they checked out?"
"Yup, just getting ready for the next tenets, can I help you with something?" She asked sweetly.
"No, not really, thanks though." My heart sank as I walked back to the condo.
When I got back, I could hear Mom and Dad in their room. So, I went and laid down to take a nap. I woke up 16 hours later to the smell of coffee and toast.
So that was my last three days rolled into one big adventure. Honestly, I am only catching you up now because it's raining.
I do feel bad for running out on Allie and Brett like that, but other than that I feel strangely at ease.
I spent time reading over this diary and it is turning into quite the tale. I am glad Gram got it for me and I am glad I am using it.
I find it fascinating how, as I read, I am upset at missed days. I feel like I missed out on part of my life because I didn't' write anything down.
It's also interesting to re-read my thoughts and feelings. It's like looking at yourself like you can see a friend. It just makes me think about a lot of stuff.
I cringe at the first few entries. They sound like the ranting of a child. I almost ripped them from the diary but then I didn't. I think it's important somehow to leave them as a reminder of the person I used to be, or am. Anyway, I do feel better, and I am looking forward to spending time with my parents this afternoon.
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary
Today is Tuesday
Some old friends of Dad showed up this morning unexpectedly. I haven't seen Dad this excited since I don't know when. Anyway, they have a sailboat. Mom said they are going to sail around the keys for the next few days. Dad said I could have the place to myself, and they wouldn't be back until sometime Thursday or Friday.
I think I might try to find Allie at the resort next door once they leave. I still haven't come up with a good reason I bolted, but I am wondering if I need to just tell the truth. After reading over the past few days again I seem to tell a lot of lies. Or at least not tell the whole truth.
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary
It's still Tuesday.
Mom and Dad left just before noon. It was surreal to watch them go. This is the first time in my life I have been left on my own for longer than a day. I kept waiting for the "Don't Do Anything and Don't have Fun" speech, but it never came.
Yep, something is different with Mom. Like I said before, I haven't treated her well since we got here. She on the other hand has been overly nice. The morning I got back from Brett and Allie's; she didn't say anything about me coming in late. I had worked on excuses for when she grilled me later, but she never did. I thought maybe she just figured I was out before she got up, but I think she was still up. Then last night, when I got up to go to the bathroom at three in the morning, I ran into Mom in the hall as she got home.
She said, "Oh hey, your home," then hugged me.
It felt like she thought I was out somewhere which makes no sense because I am not allowed out after ten. At least that was the rule when we left Michigan. Did something change and they didn't tell me? I want to ask, but I am scared if I do then the hammer will drop. Maybe this is all a test. I will have to think about it more.
I did walk down to the Sun & Shade, where Allie and Brett are staying, shortly after they left and that's going to be a no-go. Turns out they have a lot of security and because I don't know a room number or know her last name, they won't help me. I guess I understand, but it still really bummed me out.
On the way back I took the boardwalk down to the beach and walked along the surf. It was nice, not having anywhere to be, have anything expected of me, worrying about being late, or getting in trouble. On top of that, it was such a beautiful day. Perfect for just walking and thinking.
_ _ _ _ _
Dear Diary,
It is no longer Tuesday.
I walked along the shoreline last night waiting for the sunset and I saw a gazebo set back off the beach. I remembered hearing the ocean waves while watching the couples and wondered if that was the gazebo.
I heard a voice call out as I approached, and I stiffened.
"Virginia?" It was one of the old creepy guys from the pool.
"Nope," I said coldly
"Sorry I didn't mean to scare you; my name is Bruce Beach."
"Hey Mr. Beach," I said deliberately not giving my own. Again, my voice was cold. He didn't seem to notice.
"Sorry, with the sun behind you I got a little confused. Great spot for sunsets," he said smiling. "Used to come here with Virginia all the time, Virginia that's my wife." His eye twinkled when he said her name.
"Oh, is she here with you?" I asked, trying to sound a little less cold as I sat down on one of the benches.
"No, no, she passed on several years back. It's just me now."
"I am sorry to hear that," I said looking down into the sand. I shifted uncomfortably.
"Well, that's all part of life," he continued, "we had sixty-eight wonderful years. "You looked a lot like her when she was younger with the sun behind you. Now I can see your face, it's not the same. I get confused sometimes."
"It happens I said reassuringly," I looked over finally meeting his eyes. He seemed to brighten again.
"Except the eyes, by God, the eyes are the same."
I looked away feeling uncomfortable again.
As we sat there, he continued to talk. He told me about his six children and eleven grandchildren. He seemed to puff up a little when he got to his three great-grandchildren. But he mostly talked of Virginia.
I could tell he loved her. I couldn't imagine having someone for almost seventy years then having them slip away, to never see them again. It reminded me of my grandpa, He had died when I was twelve from dementia. I remember not understanding why he didn't remember who I was. I missed my grandpa, and my heart began to hurt for Bruce. I was pulled out of my thoughts when he said,
"It's almost time"
I looked back at him. "Time for what?"
He pointed.
I looked and the sun was just beginning to kiss the horizon. "It's time for me to head back, it's what Virginia and I used to do. If we timed it just right, we would reach the front door just before the final bit of sun would slip beneath the horizon. It's only then you can see the green flash."
"Green Flash?" I asked absentmindedly mesmerized by the setting sun.
"They say that at the moment the sun sets you can see a green flash. I of course have never witnessed it myself, but Virginia swore she saw it twice."
"You never saw it?"
"Nah," he said, a bit shyly. "I was always too busy looking at her."
"Why didn't you just sit and watch the sunset from here? It's so peaceful."
"Sometimes we stayed in the early years when the moon was full, and it was almost as bright as daylight on the walk back. The truth is Virginia feared the dark. Sound's silly being scared of the dark when you're all grown up, but she just never liked being out after the sunset. She used to say, 'nothing good comes out after the sun sets,' besides that's when the weirdos come out."
With this, he gave me a wink. Then turning serious he said, "I'll walk you back if you like."
"No thanks," I said giving my best smile. "I think I'll stay and watch the sunset here. I gave him a wink and spoke in a confidential tone. "I'm one of the weirdos."
He just looked at me for a second and then burst out in laughter. I couldn't help but laugh myself.
"Oh, to be so young and full of adventure." He said shaking his head. "Well young lady, you be careful and have a wonderful night."
Then just like that he turned and started walking back down the beach. I watched him go reflecting on everything that had just happened.
At the condos every time he waved or said hello to me, he was just being nice. There may have even been a chance he was mistaking me for the wife of his youth. I wondered if he had a touch of dementia. Now I felt bad for giving him a nasty look or saying something rude each time he waved or said hello. He just kept being a nice guy and I kept being, well, being a bitch. So now it turns out I am the weirdo pervert, and he was just a nice old man.
As I watched Mr. Beach walking back, he passed a woman walking this way. She waved to him as they passed, he waved back and kept walking. I watched until I lost sight of him then turned my attention back to the sunset.
I fell into a trance-like state between the sound of the waves and the smell of the salt air. The oranges and reds were so brilliant tonight. I found myself wondering if I would see a green flash. As the sun sank below the horizon, I refused to let myself blink determined to see the green flash. With tears streaming down my cheeks, I watched the last bit of sun dip below the horizon.
"I saw it! Did you see it? I really saw it"
I jumped at the sound of her voice. I hadn't heard the woman approach and it had startled me. I turned to find myself face to face with the beautiful young woman who had been in the gazebo with Beth and Rick.
"Yes," I said, Heart now racing for a completely different reason.
That's also God's honest truth by the way. I do think I saw it. Right there at the end. I wouldn't have thought so if Maria hadn't said she had seen it too.
As soon as I saw her, all thoughts of the sunsets and green flashes had been forgotten.
If she knew Beth and Rick, then Beth and Rick knew Allie and Brett.
"It's good to see you again," I said coolly trying not to let my excitement show. She turned and looked but there was no recognition, but her smile seemed genuine.
"I'm sorry, I don't remember, we have met?"
She had a beautiful Brazilian accent.
"No, we haven't technically met. I know Beth and Rick and so that's how I know you."
"Beth and Rick?" she looked truly puzzled.
Oh, know I began to think franticly, maybe this isn't the same woman. While I began to backpedal, my mouth kept talking.
"The other night at the gazebo with your husband. I was one of the ones watching"
"My husband? Oh, you mean Zac," she said, now putting the pieces together. "He's not my husband, just a good friend."
"So you don't actually know Beth and Rick?"
"Know them, yes, but I did not know their names." She looked at me thoughtfully for a minute before continuing. "Zac is an old friend who has gone off to college. When he is home, we come up here to have some extra fun with no strings. Mostly however I come by myself. I am a bit of an exhibitionist. Plus, everyone here likes a unicorn.
"That's funny I thought, Allie and Brett referred to me as their little unicorn. I just thought it was a pet name maybe but now it seemed there was more to it.
"A unicorn?" I asked.
"It means I'm single and like boys and girls and prefer to play with couples. I have not been good at relationships, and this is just easier for me. I like the boys, but I like the girls more. I get all the fun and none of the jealousy. Everybody wins."
"Are you out unicorning tonight?" I asked quite seriously. I thought she was going to fall down laughing right there. Apparently, unicorning isn't a word, but she got the point.
"I don't know, I just walk the shoreline after work each night to see where the evening takes me. If the atmosphere is right, well then," she shrugged but gave a wry little smile.
"How about you, are you out unicorning?" she smiled, this time controlling her laugh
"I didn't have any plans tonight; I just came out here to walk and clear my head as well. That's when I met the old man."
"Oh Bruce," she said perking up. I can't wait to tell him I saw his wife's green light. He is a very nice man, and she was very nice too."
Great, I am a bad person I thought. "Yes, he told me about his wife and the green light thing. I think I saw it too."
"Then it is destiny, and the night has spoken. We will walk together and see what the moonlight brings us."
Then she walked up to me and kissed me. A little confused it took me a second to realize what the heck was happening. My body however had no confusion. I found my lips melting into hers, my tongue meeting each stroke. We embraced, she smelled like coconut oil and cotton candy.
When she broke our kiss, I staggered.
'Let's go, she said in a whisper now holding out her hand to me.
I took it and she led me further up the path. It felt much like the night I had gone off with Allie and Brett. The cool sand and brisk night air seemed to invigorate me.
We talked in hushed tones as she began to explain how even though the beach at the Sun & Shade was private, security stopped patrolling it after dark. They also lightened up their security around the outer perimeter so people can wander on and off the trails around the property. While the security slacks in the evening they are still around if there is a problem.
Security up at the resort however was always tight as a drum, especially at the gates. You can't get in unless you are a member or a member's visitor.
"How do you know when we are on the resort grounds," I asked.
"It's the torchlight. The paths on the grounds are all lit with torches and the gazebos are lit with little electric candles."
We continued through a maze of trails until I saw the light of the first torch.
"We are here she said still whispering."
We passed several empty gazebos before coming to the first one with an occupant. Three couples were sitting there nude, but just talking. They waved as we passed by, and Maria waved back. I followed suit nervously wondering what I was getting myself into.
We passed a few more couples walking toward the beach where we had just come from. Maria again waved as did I, but she just kept walking quietly. Eventually, we came to a spot where about six different junctions were coming together to meet the main trail. We walked just past them and then moved about twenty-five feet off the path sitting on one of several small benches. From this spot, you still had a good view of most of the trails we had just passed.
Maria still didn't speak to anyone who passed, but waved when they waved and smiled cordially enough as they did.
After about fifteen minutes and thirty couples, I reached over and lightly touched Maria's arm. Before I could ask my question, she leaned over and whispered in my ear.
"Don't worry, you'll know."
And there we sat. Several younger couples passed by. I thought they looked like a lot of fun, but Maria didn't move. The men were very handsome, and they seemed youthful and full of life. They looked like cool kids. I felt drawn to them, but none of them even seem to notice us sitting there.
I continued to shift nervously and started to plan my escape. This isn't what I had come to do. I wanted to find Allie and Brett and secretly I was hoping they would walk past at any moment. We sat for nearly an hour. Then like the green flash it happened.
They were an older couple. He had short brown hair with wisps of grey. Hers was shoulder-length auburn with highlights. I am not sure how, but from the second they aperid on the trail walking toward us I knew. There was nothing about them that stood out, it was just a feeling deep down. He was handsome and wore a pair of khaki shorts with a Hawaiian shirt. She wore a white sundress with thong sandals. She was plain, but pretty. They just looked like two people you would pass on the street and never even notice but to me, it was a green flash.
I watched as they got closer and look toward us. Our eyes met and I knew that I knew. As they passed all the hair on my body stood on end. Maria touched my arm.
She whispered in my ear; "Did you feel that?"
I just nodded my head. With that, we stood in unison and followed the couple down the first path to the right.
We entered the candle-lit gazebo just behind the couple. They had stopped and turned toward us. The sexual tension in the air was palpable. Then the woman stepped forward and kissed Maria. It was a powerful kiss that made her body shudder. Without a word, she turned her attention toward me with the same fervor. My knees almost buckled. She broke the kiss and looked deep into my eyes before taking my hand leading me over to her husband. She kissed him, then placed my hand in his.
Then I was lost in his kiss and embrace. The cool night air caressed my skin. But I have no recollection of us removing our clothes. I remember the taste of his manhood and the smell of his scent was a familiar one, but I had never met this man before. I remember his heat when he entered me. But I don't remember him laying me down. I remember hearing cries of passion that pierced my soul, but I didn't realize they were mine. I remember watching his wife caressing Maria as they lay in each other's arms watching me ride him slowly. I don't remember when the two of them had finished. I remember his body shudder from his orgasm, his breathing became labored. I don't remember how many times I climaxed, they all seemed to run together. I remember watching their fingers intertwine as they left. I don't remember any of us ever speaking a word.
Another couple broke the spell when they asked if we were still entertaining. My body was still reeling from what had just happened, and it wanted more. I looked at Maria, and she gave me a knowing look. She extended her hand toward the couple and welcomed them.
For the next several hours I was enveloped by pleasure as we greeted several more couples. I noticed a pattern, Maria took the women, and I took care of the man.
Perhaps I became too greedy for pleasure, my eagerness finished off two men before they could attempt to satisfy my longing. I then lay there watching Maria work her magic. You could tell she loved women by the attention she gave, and the affection she poured into them. Not a single woman left wanting. My longing however only seemed to build with each lover I took.
Maria welcomed another couple, but this time I watched as the two of them led Maria to the lounge. Within a few minutes, they had Maria writhing in pleasure. They were giving her a taste of her own medicine and it was fun to watch, I began to wonder if I should maybe go over to them. That's when I noticed the spectators.
I looked outside the gazebo and was shocked by how many people were watching us. Most were couples, but a few individual men were standing around. I felt him before I saw him. His chocolate color blending him into the darkness. He was a mountain of a man just outside of where all the benches were.
Our eyes met and I knew. I held my hand out toward him like I had seen Maria do. It was like the power went out from me. He walked toward me our eyes never breaking contact.
I didn't even come up to his chest. He picked me up with no effort lifting me across the gazebo into the furthest corner from Maria. He pinned me to one of the lounges with a kiss.
Then his face was between my legs, splitting me with his tongue. He ran it across my button, and I climaxed immediately. His hands held my hips in place, his fingers digging into my flesh as I began to writhe. Every nerve in my body converged on that little spot. Then, like a flash, light pierced my soul as my orgasm radiated outward. I felt the heat move through me as it worked its way to my extremities.
His lips had now latched on, sucking, licking, and coaxing me. I was already cumming, but somehow, I came harder. I felt myself bear down as I began crying out in ecstasy. I only realized the cries were mine when his lips cut them off. I felt my body clinch and spasm deliciously as his long fingers entered me. I rotated my hips upward forcing his fingers deeper. I came two more times before I had to make him stop so I could breathe.
My body was shaking uncontrollably from the echoes of my orgasms as we shifted positions. Now I found myself on my knees in front of him. I pulled greedily at his shorts and was greeted by a monster. I gasped. He was as long as my forearm and as thick as my wrist. I had to try. With both hands, I began to stroke his perfection. I marveled at the weight of him and his heat. My jaw expanded to its limit in order to accommodate him. I was only able to get a quarter of the way down his shaft. His head was large and felt too big to easily slide down my throat. I choked for the first time when I tried.
I started to pull back, but felt his hand on the back of my head. I decided to try again. This time I made a conscious effort to relax my throat. To my amazement, it relaxed enough to let him through a little. I choked again, but then felt the pressure increase on the back of my head forcing me past what I thought my limitations were. I choked yet again, this time realizing I couldn't breathe.
Instantly I flashed to Allie going all the way down on Brett and choking. When I saw her do it and keep doing it I wondered how she could be enjoying herself so much. Now I knew, there is just something about sucking a man's cock when he is pushing you past your limits. Every time I felt the pressure on the back of my head increase, I took him to the hilt, choking as I did. He began to breathe heavily as I moved faster up and down the length of his shaft. Then all at once pressure on the back of my head ceased. He pulled me to him. He looked at my face, tear-soaked from gagging, he lifted his shirt and dried it.
Rolling me to my back I felt his fingers begin to search for my pleasure. He took his time working them into me slowly, edging me closer and closer but never letting me get where I needed to be. He teased me until I was dripping.
Then his fingers slipped from my warmth leaving me feeling cold. But only until I felt the tip of his heat touch my swollen lips. Little by little he worked himself into me. I felt the stretch of him. It was almost a burn. There were a few times my hands went to his chest to stop him. He groaned as my body gripped him tight. He would pull back slightly working me a bit more before pushing deeper. When he pulled back the sensation was surreal. I felt as if I was being emptied.
Reversing direction, he pressed back into me, this time a little faster. I could feel my body expanding. He hit my cervix and it was a new sensation. It was mostly good, but sometimes there was a sharp pain, causing me to draw air in through my teeth. He would adjust and bring me sweet pleasure again as he filled me. Every inch of me knew he was there, and I came and writhed on his cock. With my walls expanded I was having an orgasm, but couldn't bear down. As he pulled out my muscle walls started to contract. I came so hard it hurt. He pushed back into me overpowering my vaginal muscles bottoming out. This time a spike of pleasure shot through my abdomen.
He began driving into me a bit faster, then harder. Before I knew it I was like a rag doll, I couldn't tell where one orgasm ended and the next began. I saw colors. I felt my pleasure turn to pain, then back to pleasure. When I didn't think I could take anymore I felt him thrust hard into me as his body went rigid. We came together and collapsed on the bench. I looked over to Maria, but she was gone as was the couple that was pleasuring her.
I felt him shift under me, only now noticing the blankets on the edge of the lounge. He covered us as I realized I was shaking. While I lay absorbing his warmth and listening to him breathe, I fell asleep.
When I woke up, I was alone. Or at least I thought I was until I heard Maria's voice. "Good morning sleepy head."
I sat up and looked. She was sitting outside the gazebo on one of the benches talking with a couple. I heard her say," See you two later", as she stood and walked over to me.
"We have to do this again. You are amazing."
I laughed 'I have to think about it.'
In the heat of the moment, I had the time of my life. But now that the energy had died down. I found myself not knowing what I wanted. I felt tired.
Maria walked me back to the condo making sure I got inside safe. I invited her in, but she respectfully declined saying, maybe some other night. She needed to work in the morning.
We said our good-byes and I watched her walk away. Turning I closed and locked the door. I looked at the time on my watch and it was only two in the morning. I realized I was starving.
I warmed up some food and was only going to write a little, but then it felt like I had to get it all down before everything just felt like a dream. Now I can barely keep my eyes open, so I am going to bed.