As my friends and I prepare for one of our many summer parties I log into Facebook to review the guest list.
"Let's see, who's going to be in attendance. Any possible victims? Hmmm. No, no, oh yes, no, no chance in hell, no, no, who is that?!, definitely, no, no, hell to the fuck the no, no, maybe. Okay, not too bad, two books and a possible. That's a good start. Now to check with the fellas."
I pull out my cell phone and hit the group chat with the guys. A quick review of my prospects and there are no conflicts or causes for concern, perfect! Time to shower, shave, get dressed, and get right! (That means, begin to consume alcohol for those of you not in the know.)
Soon nine o'clock rolls around and guests start arriving. It's a celebration of being young, care free, and more importantly, trying to get laid. For every guy that enters the party, my friend Reed screams out "SHOTS!!" invoking the spirit of one, Pit Bull. And for every girl that enters the party, my friend Reed also screams out "SHOTS!!" Needless to say, Reed enjoys taking shots.
The guests continue to pile in and by 11 o'clock all three of my targets have arrived and are well on their way to inebriation along with myself. Shortly thereafter I see my first opportunity. Sheila is built on a slender 5'6" frame with small C cups that fit her perfectly. Wit her shapely ass and toned stomach and legs, anyone could easily mistake her for a member of a track team. We've been making eye contact for the past hour and with a few drinks in me I get a little bold and give her ass a healthy squeeze as I go in for a hug.
"Really Travis??" Sheila slyly remarks with her eyes squinted at me.
"What?! I haven't seen you in a while. Two friends can't hug and let each other know that they miss one another's company?" I replied with a smirk on my face.
"Oh, so you miss my company so much that you don't text me though, right?"
"You sound crazy, absurd even. I text you, but you always respond with short answers so I thought you didn't want to talk. I'm not going to hound you if that's what you want."
"I don't need anyone to hound me, but you can talk to me besides when you want something."
"And what might it be that I want?" I reply with a smile.
"Don't start. I wouldn't want any of your little girlfriends in here to start looking at me funny."
"Well if I was concerned with what my 'little girlfriends' (air quotes were included) were thinking, would I be over here talking to you?"
"Mmm hmm, whatever Travis."
As she walks away I can tell I still have her interest peaked. I take a quick glance around the room to make sure no one is looking. The coast is clear and I flick my tongue out at Sheila in a slow, lewd display to let her know exactly what I am thinking. She smiles but shakes her head at me as if to say, "You're so bad." Sheila and I fooled around back in college for a little while but never had sex. I've always loved eating pussy, but Sheila's pussy made it that much more enjoyable. It has that well designed look as if it were carved from a fruit with a razor blade. It was so inviting and delicious and all I can think about right now is getting my mouth on it, immediately. And then, preparation met opportunity as Sheila looked me dead in the eye but spoke to the room and said, "I have to go to the bathroom."
Sheila climbs the steps never breaking eye contact with me on the way up. You don't have to tell me twice! As soon as I hear the bathroom door close, I leave the crowded confines of the main floor and try to inconspicuously make my way quickly up the steps. Within seconds I am at the bathroom door and I listen for any signs of life on the other side. I hear running water and knock on the door.
"Someone is in here", I hear Sheila's voice from the other side.
I open the door, quickly step in and shut and lock the door behind me. There is no romance with Sheila and me and I like that. When we get together it's not to make love. We want to cum, and we want to cum now.
"Wow, that didn't take long at all." Sheila says with a smile.
"Did you expect it to? Get over here."
I tug at Sheila's pants unbuttoning them violently and quickly pull the zipper down. I hook two thumbs in at each side and pull her jeans and panties in unison to her ankles in one swift movement. With each motion, soft O's escape Sheila's lips as she anticipates what's coming next. I don't even bother to pull her pants down over her shoes to free her legs. I push Sheila back onto her ass on the sink counter and dive in face first.
"OH TRAVIS! FUCK! Oh my God I've missed your tongue!"
I pull my mouth off of Sheila's pussy momentarily, "Trust me, I've missed tasting your pussy. Fuck you taste fantastic!"
"Mmm, yes, right there keep going!"
Sheila's pussy is not only shaped like a well carved fruit but it tastes like one too. I immediately start working on her clit, flicking my tongue the length of her pussy but making sure to send two flicks her way at the top of her pussy. I press my face further into her thighs which have now come down behind my head making an inescapable prison with her thighs to each side and her scrunched up jeans behind my head. Pushing further in I slowly drag my tongue up and own the full length of her pussy being sure to leave as much saliva as I can behind to make things extra wet. I suck up the mix of saliva and her now dripping pussy making a loud vulgar sound that could easily be heard from two rooms away. With the mix of juices in my mouth I move to Sheila's clit drawing circles around it with my tongue. The fluids in my mouth produce a loud sloshing sound as my tongue races circles around her clit and her thighs begin to shake uncontrollably.
"GOD DAMN!! Holy shit, that feels so fucking good Travis! Damn, you're going to make me cum! Eat that pussy, keep eating my pussy just like that!!"
Feeling inspired I am about to pick up the pace when there is a knock at the door.
"Come on now, people have to use the bathroom!" a female voice yells from the other side.
I go to respond and all the wetness in my mouth spills out onto Sheila's pussy and I let out a muffled and barely audible, "You the un donsterrrs!"
Looking at the mess I made, I once again loudly slurp up the juicy mix from Sheila's pussy inspiring a very loud moan which Sheila poorly attempted to muffle with her hand.
I hear a second knock and this time a male voice says, "Hey, people have to use the bathroom out here, let's go!"
I ignore the knocking and the voices and eagerly begin working on Sheila's pussy. I'm in the zone and I want to feel her pussy pulsing on my lips and tongue. I take two handfuls of her ass, pull her in close to me and concentrate on her clit pressing down just enough that she can feel my now frantic tongue going to town and begging for her orgasm.
"YESSS TRAVIS! OH FUCK THAT IS IT RIGHT THERE!! KEEP GOING, DON'T STOP, DON'T YOU FUCKING STOP!!" Sheila acknowledges my hard work by grabbing me by ears and grinding her pussy onto my frenzied mouth. Her bucking hips, my firm grip on her ass, and my face covered in her pussy juices, I am in my moment and my reward soon follows.
"I'M CUUUMMMINNNG!!! OOOOOOOOH YESSSS!!! OOOOOOOOOH!! UGH! UGH! OH MY! Whew... WOW." Sheila's eyes meet mine as I look up at her with a smile on my face. After a few well placed kisses on her pussy to show my appreciation, I lift Sheila's legs up and escape my pussy prison.
I turn on the sink and Sheila cleans up first and exits the bathroom quickly. I follow behind shortly thereafter only to find a crowd of people outside the bathroom door staring at me. Some are upset, others are clapping, and yet still others are astonished that anyone would be so bold. Reed is among the first to approach me. With a huge smile on his face, all he says is, "You motorboatin' son of a bitch!" and laughs hysterically.
Well, that's a good start to the evening. One down, two to go.