I was at work being my usual flirty self, teasing Adam, one of the young guys in the office. This guy was straight out of college and very confident with the younger girls but he was intimidated by me!
Probably it was my curvaceous figure and the tight revealing attire I would adorn. I noticed him on many occasions looking at my figure and one time I was sure I saw some movement in the trouser area after he spent a long time gazing at my tits!
You all know I did a bit of stripping and dancing a few years back and I'm sure Adam would have been privy to some of the office gossip regarding my dancing past.
I would take great delight in teasing him and getting a blush out of him as often as I could.
This day I was wearing a very tight pencil with a split up the back. Underneath were my obligatory garters and fishnet stockings with the 5 inch spiked high heeled court shoes. My skirt was so tight that the bumps of my garter straps were clearly visible if I bent slightly. My blouse was a deep red long sleeved affair with a very tight waistline and quite plunging neckline. My breasts looked awesome if I say so myself, and all of the guys had been having sneaky looks at my attire all morning.
I was prancing between desks all morning making sure every guy got a good look and I did spend more time than was usual around Adams desk. As the morning came to an end I found that most of the office had cleared out for lunch and I was just finishing off a few things before I was going to head out of the door for my own lunch, when Adam approached my desk and after a few seconds of awkward shuffling plucked up enough courage to ask me a question.
"Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?" he stammered.
I leant forward giving him a bird's eye view down my tight blouse, revealing an ample amount of cleavage.
"This sounds interesting!" I said in a warm tone as I smiled seductively.
His face reddened but he soldiered on to ask his question.
"Is it true that you used to be stripper?" His eyes looked at the floor below as he felt uneasy at this line of question.
"I most certainly was and for a brief period before I married my husband, I worked part time as a lap dancer! They really are two very different things but with the same end result!" I informed him.
"You must have been something special as most of the girls me and my friends have seen in lap dancing clubs, don't have half the figure that you have!" he said which I found so sweet.
"So you frequent lap dancing clubs?" I quizzed.
"Only for special occasions, birthdays and stuff!" he replied defensively.
"They're OK I suppose but strip clubs were in my opinion much sexier! The girl would be onstage and distant, whereas lap dancing is too close up for you to see the girl's movements!" I informed him.
"I've never seen an actual striptease, but I've seen plenty of lap-dancing!" he smiled.
"If you can keep a secret I'll tell you that every now and again I do a private striptease for Bachelor parties or Rugby clubs, but it's always a private function!" I teased
He looked me in the eye and with a boatload of confidence he said.
"If me and a few friends booked you to do a striptease at our re-union would you be ok with that?" he enquired.
I looked him square in the eye and smiled!
"Of course I would but if word got out I would be furious and so would my husband!" I emphasized.
"It would only be me and a few of college friends, probably around at my apartment. How much would it cost?" he quizzed in a business-like manner.
"As you have never had the privilege of seeing a striptease, then I'll do it for free, but you'll have to get me a taxi there and back as I'll want to have a few drinks with you and your friends!"
"Will your husband be OK with it?" he asked gingerly.
"My husband will not be there if you don't want him to be there, and my husband is fine with my stripping and partying! We have a quite open marriage and never hide anything from each other. It doesn't suit everyone but it works for us!" I exclaimed.
"If its OK with you then I would prefer he wasn't there as you know sometimes guys make comments and with your figure my friends are definitely going to make comments and I would feel more comfortable if your husband wasn't there to hear them!" he proclaimed.
I leant further onto the desk revealing even more cleavage. I'm sure that my nipples were almost exposed as I smiled at Adam and asked
"What kind of comments would your friends be making?" I teased.
Adam swallowed hard as he blushed slightly and said
"Things like cor! Look at those tits or wow check out her ass!"
Smiling I decided to take it up a notch!
"Would they not say hey look at her smooth shaved pussy! Or hey she's fingering her asshole!"
Adam almost burst at this point. He stopped dead in his tracks as his eyes bored deep into me. Casting furtive glances up and down my body, his hand visibly shook as he drank my sexuality with eyes.
"I'm wearing quite sexy underwear today, so why don't we go round to your flat after work and you can audition me as your private striptease dancer!" I smiled.
Adam looked directly into my eyes and smiled like a cat that has just got the cream.
"Sounds great to me. At four thirty we'll walk to my flat as it's only two blocks away!"
"Make sure you have some wine chilled!" I teased
Adam smiled as he turned from my desk and made his way to the exit, turning back for a second he said.
"You'll definitely come to mine and have an audition?" he queried.
"I'm looking forward to my audition already! Just me and you at your place at 4:30!"I teased.
Adam walked out of the exit and headed off for his lunch and hopefully to pick up a bottle of wine for me. I felt the all too familiar tingle of sexual arousal as I watched the young man head off into the distance.
I was already imagining dancing naked for him and getting his cock hard through my tantalizing dancing. I picked up my phone and gave hubby a quick call to tell him I would be home later than usual!
Hubby picked up his phone promptly answering.
"Hi babe how can I help you?" he said in his deep masculine tone.
"I'm just calling you to let you I'll be home later than usual!" I casually replied
"Any particular reason?" he queried.
"I'm going to Adam's apartment, one of the young guys I work with to audition as a stripper for him!" I stated
"Sounds like you have more than an audition on your mind!" he chuckled.
"Could be, as he is quite hot! I'm wearing very sexy underwear today and he has asked if I'd strip for him and some of his college buddies at the weekend, so I'm offering an audition this evening. I'll just do a striptease then if he gets me hot I'll probably fuck him then head home and show you the proof!" I casually remarked.
"So you'll be stripping and fucking him then!" hubby giggled. "I'll see you when you get home! Call me when you leave his apartment."
"Will do honey!" I said and hung up the phone.
I popped out of the office for a quick convenient lunch and then headed back to the office.
It was difficult to concentrate on work, knowing that I was going to be parading around Adams apartment in my underwear later. All afternoon we kept exchanging little knowing glances with the odd quirky smile thrown in.
I emailed Adam and asked if he had any preferences music wise, for me to disrobe to? I also added that I was looking forward to dancing for him and hoping that he would find my naked body attractive!
He replied that as long as the music had a driving baseline then he would be happy, but anything would please as long as it meant he was getting to see me naked. He also responded that he was aroused as hell with me fully clothed and would probably spontaneously combust if I was naked.
I looked over at him and giggled as he blushed ever so slightly. I placed my hand under my breast and stroked my bosom.
Adam was the only one who could see this and I was wishing that he was in such a position where I could raise my skirt and he could watch me stroking my shaved pussy! Adam gulped as I massaged my breast, staring at the spectacle before his eyes. I stopped stroking my breast and began to type the following:
I can't wait for you to see me naked and then stroke my breasts slowly. My pussy will be wet after you stroke my nipples! Adam looked at his screen and his face went scarlet!
He typed: I can't wait till 4:30. I've bought you some white wine so I hope that's OK for you? I typed back thanking him for his purchase and that white wine would be excellent as I could pour some of it on him and lick it off without staining anything.
Again his face went scarlet and he fidgeted in his seat. The afternoon continued in that theme with me sending horny sexy emails to Adam to keep him hot and bothered for our audition later.
Before you knew 4:30 had arrived and Adam and I headed for the exit. We both casually left the building and began walking toward his flat. He looked at me with a cute boyish grin emblazoned across his face.
"I hope your apartment isn't too far as these heels are quite high!" I stated
"It's three doors down from here." he smiled
We arrived at the entrance to his building as Adam placed his key in the Main Door and gently pushed the huge oak door open. Stepping inside his lobby he invited me inside and closed the door behind me.
We walked over to a mirrored glass door elevator. Adam pressed the up button as we waited for the arrival of the elevator. The doors opened and we entered the car without touching each other. He pressed the button for the 8th floor and the elevator began to ascend. As the car stopped at the 8th floor the doors opened onto a small hallway with 4 doors; His apartment was apartment A, directly in front of the elevator, as he took his key and opened his door.
As we entered his apartment it was a little grander than I expected for one so young. It turns out Adam comes from a wealthy family and the apartment was his graduation present. Closing the door behind us he guided me to the lounge where he went over to a music system and almost immediately some vibrant music began to flow from the large speakers dotted around the lounge.
"Is this my cue to start the audition?" I teased
"Shall I open the wine first?" he smiled walking into his kitchen diner.
"Let's get that opened and a glass poured, then you can sit and relax whilst I complete my audition!" I confirmed following him into the diner.
He opened the bottle with great haste, pouring a gluttonous volume of liquid into the large wine glass. Handing the large full glass to me he began to pour himself a more sedate portion. I smiled as he walked me back into the lounge where he took a seat on the large blue suede sofa. I took two large sips from copious glass of wine, placing the glass on the table by the door and walked with a swagger back into the lounge.
He smiled at me as I unbuttoned my cuffs, looking at him and smiling seductively as I did so.
"You'll need to give me a hand with one or two things as I do this, but a little audience participation makes for a sexier and more intimate dance!" I said softly
"I'll do all that I can!" he smirked
I unbuttoned my blouse and let the garment fall open, revealing my red satin look bra. I saw him visibly gulp as my bra was displayed. I slowly removed my blouse from my shoulders and threw the garment on a chair in the corner. I walked over to him as he sat comfortably on the sofa; maintaining my rhythm with the beat of the music. I turned my back to him and offered him to undo the zipper on my tight skirt.
His hand held the tiny clasp and began to slowly slide the zipper downward. When the zip was fully opened I stepped forward and let the skirt slide down my thighs onto the wooden floor below.
I bent over, arching my back and pushing my taut firm ass in the air. The red satin effect thong separated my ass cheeks and just covered my hairless pussylips. The slit of my opening was gripped by the thin red material as I began to open my legs slightly, showing him the tightness of my garter belt as it framed my pussy. I turned my head back toward him and asked would he unclasp my bra. His warm hands slid up my back, softly caressing my smooth flesh. His hands reached the clasp as he unclipped the red bra in one swift movement.
I turned toward him with the bra still cupping my breasts, when I leant forward and allowed my tits to spill out of the cups as the bra fell away from me. I heard an audible "wow" when he caught sight of my full breasts with the bolt nipple piercings. I stood upright, slowly gyrating, making sure he saw my large breasts and tiny waist in all of their glory!
"Do you want the stockings on or off?" I enquired
"Would you leave them on?" he asked demurely
I smiled as I placed my thumbs into the waistband of my red satin thong, and slowly slid the material over my hairless mound revealing my shaved slit. The thong continued gliding down my thighs as it eventually fell to the floor. I kicked the thong and skirt over toward the chair and placed my right knee on the sofa. I moved slowly and provocatively as he gently brushed his hand up my stockinged thigh. As his hand reached the bare flesh of my thigh, that familiar tingle swept through my pussy.
My other knee slid over his thighs as I straddled him slowly. He looked up to me and grinned as my tongue licked along his lips and teeth. Responding, he slipped his tongue into my mouth as our lips locked and a very passionate kiss ensued.
His hands moved up my naked back and tenderly slipped onto my pierced breasts. As his fingers made contact with my pierced nipples I heard myself moan with pleasure as our tongues continued exploring each other's mouths.
His hands moved from my breasts and re positioned themselves on my bare ass.
He tugged at the garter straps and moaned with delight as I began to move slowly on his ever growing erection.
We broke off our kiss as he said.
"Fucking hell you have the best body I have ever seen. Your husband is one lucky man!"
"Get your cock inside me and you'll see how lucky you can be!" I panted.
We unbuckled his belt and forced his trousers down his thighs as his cock sprang forward. I got off his lap and gasped at the size of young Adams cock. The boy was part horse by the looks of things! His cock was at least nine inches erect and it was thick and veiny, just the way I love cocks to be.
I took his cock by the base and slowly wrapped my lips over his purple bell end. Swirling my tongue around his helmet, I looked him directly in the eye as I slurped all over his magnificent cock!
He looked at my stretched lips dealing with his awesome cock and smiled as I devoured the fleshy monster almost worshiping it.
I cupped his balls in my left hand as I began to lick his entire shaft. When I got to his balls I licked and sucked these pendulous globes, working my way back up his shaft.
I climbed back on to his lap and slid my pussy toward the bulbous helmet.
His cock nudged at my opening as my lips slowly opened and enveloped his penetrating cock. My lips stretched over his beast of a cock as I slid down the length! My breathing quickened as Adam let out a throaty moan!
"God your pussy is so tight!" he panted.
"I'm not surprised with this huge fucking thing in side it!" I groaned with delight.
As his cock eventually consumed my pussy, filling it to the brim, I began to slowly ride his conquering weapon! I looked him in the eye and began to give him my encouraging dirty talk.
"This cock is way bigger than my husbands! He could never compete in the bedroom with this! I think I may have to take this cock out for a ride on more than one occasion!" I tormented. Adam held my waist as I began to really thrash in to his pelvic bone, driving his cock deep inside me.
"Finger my ass and treat me like the slut I am!" I demanded
Adams finger slid inside my asshole almost instantly, rubbing in and out of my puckered ring.
"I'm sure you can get more than one finger in this slut's asshole!" I encouraged.
Adam pushed a second finger into my ass, plunging them in and out as his cock totally devoured me! I kissed his neck gently, breathing coarsely as he fucked my pussy with his massive member! His lips gently pressed on pierced nipples as his cock and fingers worked my holes beautifully! I rode his cock and digits as the first stages of orgasm began to surge through me.
"Fuck! You're making me come with that huge cock inside me!" I panted, as the flood gates opened and a delicious orgasm burst through me. My pussy clamped his cock as the waves of orgasmic pleasure oscillated through my pussy.
I panted and groaned my way through the most wonderful orgasm, feeling the huge manhood impale me!
I climbed off Adams cock as my pussy gaped slightly. Bending over on the sofa I looked at Adam and said.
"Do me on the sofa and then try and fuck my ass!" I whispered smiling.
Adam grasped his veined monster and fed his length slowly into my cunt. Inch by inch his cock slid inside my pussy, until his bulbous head was banging at my cervix, almost demanding entry into my womb. He let me get used to the length once again then very slowly began to drive his cock in and out of my stretched pussy.
"My husband would be so jealous to see this cock defiling me!" I said for effect.
"Do you want me to fuck you while your husband watches?" he enquired quite innocently.
"Hell yeah! Let him see what a real cock can do to my pussy and maybe my ass!" I teased
Adam grunted as he began to quicken up the pace. His cock was taking shorter strokes as it was obvious his own orgasm was approaching.
To push him over the edge I said to him.
"I want you to come in my mouth!" I pleaded.
"Oh my god I'm coming!" he said through clenched teeth.
Reluctantly I jumped off his cock and manoeuvred myself so my face was directly in front of the tip of his cock, as he jerked the final few strokes, as spurt after spurt of hot creamy seed splashed on my face and lips.
Slurping the come on my lips, I scooped the spunk off my cheeks holding his still hard cock and using it as a mop; I gathered all of his come from my cheeks and hungrily swallowed every single drop.
Adam lay back on the sofa as I licked his cock clean. Every drop of discharged semen had been swallowed as his cock was now coated in my saliva. Adam was just getting his breath back when he looked at me and said.
"You are easily the sexiest, most beautiful and best fuck I've ever known!" he smiled.
"Do I get the job as your stripper then?" I asked giggling
"Fucking hell of course you do! Do I get to fuck you after?" he enquired.
"You get to fuck me during and after, plus if it's only four of you then I think you can all have a go! I may even let you film it as long as I get a copy!" I explained "Plus I'll wear whatever you want!"
Adam looked at me with a sense of bewilderment at what had just happened and at what had been explained what would be happening.
"Now phone me a taxi then you can give me a quick fuck before the taxi comes!"
Part two to follow