When I was 18 a lot of things happened to me. I lost my virginity, and I had my first 3-way. Sort of. Right out of high school I took a job as a door to door sales person. It allowed me to travel and be on my own.
Well one day my team leader took a bunch of us and dropped us all in certain parts of San Diego, to go and knock on doors to peddle books and magazines. I ended up in Ocean Beach. Never been there before, so instead of going door to door, I kicked off my shoes and played on the beach like a little girl.
Even though I was 18, my body shape made me look older. I had thick thighs, a big ass, and I wore a d-cup. I had chemically straightened hair, thick lips and wide, brown-eyes.
As I was sitting on the sand gazing at the water, two black men approached me. They were excited to see a black woman on the beach, even though I was not dressed as a typical beach participant. I had on biker shorts and a short-sleeved shirt. One was tall and cute, and the other short and not so cute.
They introduced themselves and told me that they were truck drivers from Louisiana. The tall one's name was Byron, and his short partner's name was James. They went onto explain that they were using the beach as a truck stop.
I was fascinated because I had never seen black truck drivers. We sat and talked a bit and they convinced me to go back to their truck. I climbed up and got in the back, to see where they slept.
We talked a bit more, with Byron touching me intimately. Our conversation turned to sexual matters. Mind you, I had only been sexually active for about a month, but I was ready to explore other cocks. Byron and I , while still sitting in the back, started kissing and dry humping each other.
James sat in the front watching us intently. It never occurred to me that it was wrong. As Byron and I started to get into it more, James suggested that we drive up the coast to the La Jolla Coves, another beach. I was like fine, because at that particular moment I was getting my pussy ate out for the first time.
Byron had taken my biker shorts and panties off in between kissing and grinding. He was eating me like a starving man. He had my legs up and spread wide. He only took his head away to take a breath and go at me again. He was digging so deep that I felt he was trying to get into me literally! He sucked on my clit so hard that my eyes crossed, and I came like a wild banshee. I made so much noise that I that I knew my voice would be raw.
Then he put my legs down and took off my shirt and bra, and he finally got undressed himself.
When I saw his cock, my pussy twitched because while he was not long, the head of his cock was so thick and round that I knew that I was going to feel it in my tight pussy.
He raised my legs up again, until they were on his shoulders. He grabbed my ass and put his hard, throbbing cock into my hungry, wet pussy. I shuddered in ecstasy and clenched my pussy tighter around him.
He was fucking me so hard that my pussy was making slurping sounds. He pulled out and slammed back in. It felt as if he was drilling a new hole in me, and I loved every god damn minute of it!
We finally got to La Jolla, and parked. James was sitting in his seat with his cock out, jerking hard, while watching us. I looked at him as his friend continued to fuck me hard. It turned me on so much that I had power over these two men, who were at least 10 years older than me.
Byron stopped assaulting my pussy, pulled out, and turned me over onto my stomach, legs spread wide and continued fucking my pussy in one of the positions I liked best. I love the feeling of a man pounding me, laying on top of me, whispering all the dirty things he is was going to do to me. I love the surrender of this position, because I can't really move.
After James shoots his load on me, Byron finally pulled out and shoots hot cum all over my ass! I was sticky all over and I loved it.
They finally took me back to Ocean Beach and I can say that was a very memorable day at the beach!