This story is the third part of the "Naked Alley" series. It is advised to read the series in the sequence of the stories. As always, all persons have reached the age of eighteen years or more since they were born.
Note to the reader. Many thanks to oldnakeddad for editing and proofreading this story and making it more readable. English is not my first language so it may have otherwise read as if you were listening to somebody from a foreign country.
******
Naked Alley was the nickname my daughter, Bibi, and her friends used for what was officially known as Nature's Ally -- Naturally. Together, with her friend Tanya, who owned the nudist camp, and a group of girls, they had organized a nude Father's Day event.
Some non-members, like myself, were invited to join and get acquainted with life at a nudist camp. At the end of a very special day, during which the love between us fathers and our daughters created a whole new universe, we stayed for the night. The next morning, we decided to invite the mothers as well.
******
1.
It was a warm, sunny day at Nature's Ally -- Naturally, and the afternoon promised to get hot. Naked Alley, as my daughter, Bibi, and her girlfriends called it, was a nudist camp for all kinds of people. From the hard-core eco lovers, who had a place to grow their own food, to 'normal' families with small kids, to the more libertine nudists, an eighteen plus only group. But everybody all lived together, naked, and respected each other's different naked lifestyles.
Yesterday, our daughters had invited us fathers for a special Father's Day program. The day after, we were waiting for some mothers to arrive. Mothers who were too curious not to be scared away by the fact they had to get naked or who were attracted by the idea.
After our different activities of the late morning, the four remaining visiting fathers, and our daughters, had all gathered at the central terrace where we had found a place in the semi-shade of a grape vine covered, wooden Pergola. We were sitting the same as we were at the first meeting yesterday morning, father - daughter - father - daughter, etc., with one exception. There were three extra chairs and Maria was absent. We knew she, together with Tanya, was welcoming her mother and they would introduce Nature's Ally to her and guide her to the dressing room.
Lucas was telling how his wife, Margot, had encouraged him to go with Maria, telling him it was unique that daughters would do something for their fathers in the first place. Unlike Bibi, Maria had told her parents about the place where she would take her father, afraid that, if he didn't know ahead of time, he would turn around after finding out they had to get naked. By telling him in advance, he'd understand how much it meant to her and he'd have time to decide.
It was a beautiful sight to see Maria's mother walking towards us between her daughter and Tanya! She was almost as tall as her daughter but, most of all, we noticed the same liveliness and enthusiasm radiating from her face. She wore a headband-like red bandana, with her hair pinned up, which made her neckline visible and her body look even taller.
We all stood up to greet her and Lucas kissed her rather shyly. He must have noticed something new and I guessed it was the hair dress of her nether region...a neat and freshly shaved landing strip marked the way towards a cleanly shaven and perfect camel-toe pussy.
With her newly polished hand and toenails, we could see she had spent the morning preparing for her entrance. She radiated all of the beauty of a forty-something mother who was in the prime of her life and we happily welcomed her into our little group.
Tanya had suggested we prepare lunch in baskets and row to the island, again. There were enough trees to provide shade and easy opportunities to have a swim or take the boats for a little sail. She had warned us, beforehand, that the island was available to all people that day, so any intimacies were off limits unless there were no other people around, of course, which we would notice when we arrived at the island.
So, we had to wait for my wife and for Anne's mother. Eve's mother wasn't coming, she had another appointment. Soon, Tanya came for Bibi and Anne, with the notion their mothers had arrived. As Maria had done earlier, the girls wrapped a Pareo around themselves as not to shock their mothers with their nudity.
Tanya wore a thin, yellow, sleeveless dress with an Indian print which matched her coloured skin beautifully. Their clothes couldn't hide the fact that three perfect asses, each having its own unique form, were walking away from us.
2.
After chatting and waiting for a while, I suddenly realised the urgent feeling I had to go to the toilet so I went inside the building to the restroom. While I was inside, I heard Tanya's voice in the hallway.
"Here, to the right, are the toilets and the dressing room is a bit further to the left."
Most of the footsteps went on to the dressing room but I heard at least two people entering the toilets and closing the doors. I flushed the toilet, stepped out to wash my hands and wondered who would step out of the other toilets. One was Bibi. She had knotted her Pareo around her waist, this time, and smiled at me in the mirror as she stepped up to the washbasin next to me.
"Hi, Dad! Anne told me she had a fun time this morning. Did you?"
Remembering Anne's behaviour this morning, I had to smile.
"Yes, sure I did. Anne knows how to have a fun time. Does she always go running around making fun of everything? Funny girl, Anne."
I was going to start asking what she had done when the toilet-door behind me opened and another woman stepped out.
"Hello," she said, with a rather low voice.
"Dad, may I introduce you to Valerie, Marc's partner and Anne's mother? You know Anne, the funny girl?"
She smiled like she scored a goal.
"Hello, nice to meet you in these, uh, funny circumstances. Please, let me dry my hands first," I replied.
She must have noticed me blushing because her own smile was not just a courtesy anymore but the result of having fun herself.
"Nice to meet you, too," she said. "And funny circumstances indeed. I had never imagined myself to be in a CFNM situation but I guess it's something I can get used to! Are you feeling ok? Did you get used to being naked the whole time?"
She didn't run around the subject of nudity, that's for sure. She gave me an all-over look.
"May I?" she said and passed between Bibi and me to wash her hands.
She wore a white cotton vest with buttons, a denim skirt and a pair of heeled, leather sandals. As Anne was a hockey-chick, her mother was a hockey-chick-turned-mother with the same type of ponytail Anne had and with her sunglasses on top of her head. I took a step backwards and looked at Bibi.
"Shall I go outside to the rest of the party?" I asked her.
"Oh, Dad, you're here now, anyway. Let's
go see Mom, ok?" Bibi suggested.
Valerie turned around and dried her hands.
"And, did you?" she asked me again.
"Oh, sorry. Yes, I guess so. The girls were very attentive and the whole atmosphere is very relaxing. So, yes. I felt ok but it takes some time to get used to seeing the people around you as only company instead of being naked. Are you familiar with this kind of place?"
"No, not like this. There's, of course, the occasional sauna visit but that's it, more or less, for public nudity."
We talked as we walked to the dressing room and, when we walked in, I saw the surprise on Carolina's face. She stood there in her bra and panties but she must have been feeling more naked than any of us who were actually naked. Anne had already loosened her Pareo and stood next to Tanya who was stepping out of her dress.
"Hi, Love!" I greeted her, walked up to her and gave her a hug and a kiss on her mouth.
She smiled at me but I sensed some discomfort in her posture.
"May I help you?"
I looked at her, in the eyes, while standing close in front of her. She answered with her eyes and I closed my arms around her, opened the closure of her bra, slowly took it off and kissed her again.
"Thanks, I can do with what's left" she said, softly.
While I hung her bra, she stepped out of her panty and gave it to me, as well, to hang it up.
Bibi had already loosened her Pareo and walked, naked, up to her mother. She embraced her mother fully and looked her in the eyes.
"Thanks for coming, Mom," she smiled and planted a little kiss on her mother's lips.
In the meantime, Anne's mother showed that dressing rooms were a familiar place to her, or so I read from the way she was undressing. When I turned around, she had already stepped out of her skirt and panty. 'Both at once?' I thought when I discovered her panty was a tiny thong!
She stood there in her heeled sandals and her cotton vest, her tufted pussy barely showing underneath. It was quite a full bush, accented by the fact the she had shaved her bikini line very straight. Then she did something remarkably unfamiliar to me, as a man, concerning a woman's behaviour in dressing rooms.
She sat down and placed one ankle on top of the opposite knee, in a manly way, to unfasten her shoe. That gave us all a clear and open view of her shaved pussy-lips. After the first leg the other one followed. I looked at Anne and saw her smiling with big, open eyes and a hand before her mouth. Valerie looked up when she was finished with the last shoe and saw us all, more or less, staring at her. It was her turn to blush.
"Oh, I'm sorry! Did I behave a bit indecent? That's the way I'm used to unfastening my shoes," she explained.
"It's totally ok, Valerie. There is no such thing as indecent behaviour here at the camp. Do whatever you want to do whichever way you want to do it. We keep in mind and respect everybody's different attitudes towards nudity but I like that you're not being aware of us all around you," Tanya comforted her.
Valerie smiled as she looked at Anne and I could see Anne was proud of her mother. Valerie unbuttoned her vest and finally loosened her bra to show us two firm breasts which made me wonder if she had them 'done' to hold on to a bit of youth.
"Come on, let's go!" Bibi said as she took her mother's hand.
They walked in front of me to the outside door. I could clearly see all of the differences between mother and daughter, the only thing similar was their height. When they stood outside, Bibi turned around and stretched her hand out to me. I took it and, with Bibi in the middle, the three of us walked to the terrace where everybody was still waiting for us. I felt proud as I looked at Bibi and then at Caro as she gave me a wink, with both eyes, to let me know she was ok. Behind us, Valerie was accompanied by Anne and Tanya.
3.
The group was eagerly anticipating us as cheers started when we arrived. Introductions were made and drinks were served. Tanya asked the three newly arrived guests to sit next to her so she could tell them a bit about the camp, its history and its culture of acceptance. Along with all of the things she had also told us, Tanya made it clear that the only rule that had no exceptions was, everybody had to be naked all of the time.
"This is what we are here for and this is who we are while we're here," she emphasized.
So, there was no clothing allowed anywhere that you could meet other people. She herself wore a Pareo, or dress, only when welcoming visitors. After arriving, all visitors or members were kindly asked to get undressed, either in the dressing room or, more or less, 'on site'. Also, it was part of the hiring process of the people who would take care of the cleaning, the gardens and etc., to do their work in the nude.
For all of the other rules, there was the attitude of acceptance for every exception. All members knew each other so if, for instance, a father and child would wander through the eighteen plus area, people there would take care not to offend them with their normal behaviour instead of telling them to go away. So, everybody complied by the rules but, so called, 'mistakes' were accepted and forgiven.
"So, this is who we are, what we are and where we are with our little naked community. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask," Tanya concluded.
It was Carolina who asked the question I thought everybody had in the back of their minds.
"Why did you want to bring all of these different kinds of people, and attitudes towards nudity, together? Why didn't you make this camp only for more likeminded people?" she asked.
Tanya smiled as if she knew it was coming.
"You see, much of the answer is already in your question. You talk about different kinds of people. I strongly believe we are not so different but we are, more or less, the same. And our attitudes are like our clothes. Sometimes, we put them on to make a difference or, other times, to belong to a group. So, my idea is to create a place where we lose our clothes, lose our attitudes and be as we are. And we can choose to be as we are any time of the day."
"But then, why are the different zones installed at the camp?" Valerie asked Tanya.
"It's because of the children. I want to create a place full of love and little children are a big part of that! But I also want it to be a safe place for the little ones and being confronted with open, public sex could be harmful so I'm not taking a chance with that. But it's also a responsibility of the parents and we've discussed that with them. And you see some people changing places. When they get pregnant and have babies, they move to another place at the camp." she replied.
"Ok, you know ladies, I think it's best for you to have some suntan lotion applied. I'll give some to the girls and they will take care of that. And remember, today you are my guests, so relax and let things happen as they happen!"
"We've prepared lunch in some picnic baskets and you can either go to the island, for instance, or just spread out the blankets on any field you like. I should go and manage some things. I'll see you at the end of the afternoon, I hope!"
"Before I forget, this evening we have a get-together dinner. Everybody can join, make a small contribution and we prepare the meal. Everybody brings their own drinks or you can buy them from the bar. So, I hope you'll still be with us. Most of all, I hope all of you will enjoy our community so much that we may welcome you as regulars! For now, have fun!" she concluded and stood up, smiling to everybody before walking to her office.
4.
We dads took the baskets and walked around to the other side of the building, where the row boats were located, and met the girls who joined us with the suntan lotion. They were not alone. With them was the pregnant woman I had met in the dressing room. She was introduced as Sabine and the girls had asked her to join us while her little child was resting under the caring eyes of her father.
"But first, we should protect our mothers against any sunburn, so we've got some suntan lotion. But, mothers, you heard Tanya about being today's guests and she instructed us to serve you. Yes, you heard that right, to serve you!" Maria spoke out, laughing.
We were at the back of the building and three girls, each, had a bottle of lotion. They dispersed some of it to all of the girls, including Sabine.
"Please, dads, step aside. This is our job, now," Maria told us.
Suddenly, the three elder women were the centre of attention and you could see the same reaction of shyness and feeling exposed as we dads had the day before. At the same moment, Tanya appeared through a back door of the house.
"I realised you're missing a pair of hands."
She smiled and walked towards Maria to get a handful of suntan lotion. Every mother was served by two women, each took care of one arm, working from the hands towards the shoulders. After that, they got more lotion and started to work on the legs. They did it in synch so well, the mothers couldn't believe it was the first time they'd done it. I could see the reaction coming from the mothers once the girls started to work their thighs and especially when they stroked the inside thighs until they almost touched their pussies.
Margot had closed her eyes and had bent her knees a little to give access to the upper parts of her thighs. Valerie and Carolina had each widened their stance a little. Caro was looking down towards Eve and Bibi and smiled as if she had known, all along, what their evil plans were. Valerie was looking at Mark, as if to say, 'do you like this?' After getting a last dash of suntan lotion, Sabine switched with Eve and started to rub the lotion across my wife's belly and up towards her breasts. Bibi was taking care of Caro's back.
"Your husband helped me this morning, so I'm very happy to return the favour and help you, now," Sabine softly said to Caro.
She went on to slowly massage her breasts with the lotion and roll the nipples between her fingers as her belly touched Carolina's stomach. Bibi had finished her back and gave her mom a big hug from behind.
"I love you, Mom" she whispered in her ear.
Tanya had helped with the back of Valerie and Anne had rubbed the suntan lotion all over her mother's front. Valerie had looked amused by her daughter, who was not at all impressed by massaging her mother's body. My imagination went towards the dressing rooms and the showers with all-girl teams. I guessed neither of them were new to the experience.
Like Bibi, Maria had chosen to rub her mother's back and it was up to Eve to take care of Margot's front. And what a job she did! Unlike the other two, Eve started at Margot's neck and worked downwards. After rubbing her breasts and simultaneously pinching both nipples, Margot opened her eyes in surprise only to look straight into Eve's disarmingly, smiling face. Eve didn't look at what her hands were doing, she just kept smiling at Margot, as if to say 'I know you wanted to come over. So please be happy, because I am!'
Without losing eye contact, Eve bent her knees and slowly rubbed the lotion across Margot's belly until she reached her freshly shaven pussy. We all held our breath. Was she going to do it? She did! Eve had slowly slipped one hand between Margot's legs and, with her palm, stroked her pussy from the back to the front. She finally looked at her slippery hand, there was another kind of slippery, along with the lotion. She stood up, smiled again at Margot, and smeared the wetness across her own heart and between her own breasts.
This little show did something to us fathers so we were disappointed when Tanya ordered us to take the picnic baskets to the boats. Tanya, herself, went back to the reception as the mothers and daughters, holding hands, and Eve and Sabine, holding each other close, joined us. We managed to load everything, and everybody, into two boats and we slowly crossed the water to the island, all the while enjoying the view, the sunshine, the water and our company.
5.
Other people were on the island, scattered around the places where one could enter the water. We walked around the island and finally settled for a private place between the trees and the reeds on the waterfront. The blankets were spread out and the bread, salads, sandwiches, water and wine were taken out of the picnic baskets. We all sat down in a big circle and started to eat and chat with each other, mostly about the uniqueness of the camp. Then Sabine suddenly called for our attention.
"Is it ok if I propose something to do together, like a little game or something?" she asked.
We all agreed and were curious what she would propose. Sabine went on.
"You know, some time ago, there was a television game where people were tested on their knowledge about their loved ones. To get to know each other a bit more, we can play it as a family game. And, because the girls are responsible for us being here as we are, I suggest they take the 'hot seat' to answer the questions. The other families can ask questions in three rounds so everybody has to answer nine questions. What do you think?"
Sabine was sitting on her knees and lower legs, with her belly and breasts protruding towards us, and looking very beautiful and happy.
"Good idea, Sabine," I said.
"Do you like games? Is that what makes you look so happy right now?"
"Well, can't you see what makes me happy?" Sabine asked, laughing while caressing her big belly with both hands.
We looked into each other's eyes and I thought I saw something different. Being pregnant, the feel of her big belly and knowing a baby was growing inside of her were the reasons that made her happy. I guessed she did like playing games. Only I didn't know, yet, which game she played.
"Ok, and what does the winner win?" Margot asked,
"Ah, of course!" Sabine smiled.
"The winning team determines the next game or activity which can be whatever they like. Doing nothing, for instance, or swimming around the island or whatever. But really, whatever they come up with, we're going to do. Right?"
Everybody agreed so we sat down in teams. The girl who would answer would sit in the middle of a circle formed by the rest, with her back to her parents so they couldn't help her. Eve started in the middle, so Nicholas was the sole judge on her knowledge of him and his wife. After her, Maria answered our questions, with Anne and Bibi following. The questions ranged from second names, to first dates, first kisses, nudist activities before having kids and etc. Some questions became so popular, all of the girls had to answer them.
1. "Did your parents have sex before marriage?"
Eve: "Yes." (right)
Maria: "Yes." (wrong! Lucas and Margot were playing the innocent youngsters they once were)
Anne: "Yes, they're not married!" (right).
Bibi: "Yes." (right).
Some answers were, more or less, revealing about some activities or relationships.
2. "When did you see you father and mother naked for the last time, before this weekend?"
Bibi: "My father, Eve and I saw him last year on a nude beach, he didn't see us. My mother, I don't know. I guess when I was four and we went to a nude beach."
Anne: "Marc, never. My mother, last month in the sauna."
Maria: "My father, I guess as a kid in our bathtub. My mother, last summer in the kitchen having breakfast."
Eve: "My father, a few years ago in the bathroom. My mother, when I was a kid in the bedroom, I guess."
To the more sex oriented kind of questions:
3. "Choose, from the following, what their favorite sex position is: missionary, doggy-style, cowgirl or sixty-nine."
Eve: "Missionary." (wrong; sixty-nine!)
Maria: "Cowgirl." (right! reverse even better!)
Anne: "Doggy-style." (right! standing up!)
Bibi: "Sixty-nine." (wrong. cowgirl!)
Where is your parent's favourite place, in the house, to have sex?
Eve: "Bedroom." (right)
Maria: "Kitchen, before breakfast." (laughs) (wrong. bathroom, shower)
Anne: "Not in the house, in the garden!" (laughs again, wrong again: the living room!!)
Bibi: "Bedroom." (right)
The answers to the next question were only from guessing and intuition but it did reveal some backgrounds of the fathers and mothers present.
4. "Did your mother or father ever have a same-sex sexual experience?"
Bibi: "My father, yes. (right, with a friend during adolescence). My mother, no." (right)
Anne: "Marc, yes. (right, during vacation in which a group sex activities took place). My mother, yes." (right - several times during hockey parties and some shower sex. Didn't I tell you?)
Maria: "My father, no. (right). My mother, no." (right)
Eve: "My father, yes. (wrong). My mother, no." (wrong. With her sister, growing up and discovering sex. Nicholas could tell)
In the end, it was Maria who just edged Anne to win the contest followed by a big applause, hugs from mom and dad and a refill of the glasses to bring a toast to the winner. So, it was up to Maria, Margot and Lucas to come up with a game or some kind of activity. Or nothing.
6.
But before Maria could say what they had decided, after a short huddle with the three of them, I asked Sabine something. She was sitting next to me by that time and I put an arm around her shoulder.
"You know, Sabine, there is something I noticed. With every round of questions, it was you who started the more "sexy" questions, so to speak. That's ok, of course, but in the end, we don't know anything about you. So, it's only fair that you should answer some of the questions we had to. And besides that, I think it's also fair that everybody can ask one additional question. Above all, it was you who came up with the idea of the game!"
Cheers accompanied my suggestions and Sabine laughingly agreed to the proposal.
"Ok, ok, fair enough. So, ask me!"
I went on and said we would start with the questions raised in the game, the ones she came up with.
"Parental sex before marriage?"
"For sure, they lived in some kind of hippie community during their twenties. Free love and peace!"
"Did you see your parents naked?"
"During most of my youth, they didn't get dressed in the morning. They'd stay naked until either a visitor arrived or they had to go somewhere."
"Where do you prefer to have sex?"
"Ah, not about my parents? Ok. Anywhere but the bedroom! No, really, to be honest, in public!"
Everyone could feel the stir going through the group, especially the parents. We were aware we were looking at a nice, beautiful and pregnant woman who would prefer sex there, in front of us. Secretly, or not so secretly, that made us all want her.
"Ok. So, what's your favourite position?"
"What, now or when I'm not blessed with this big belly? Ok, now I like it best standing up and bent over so the weight of my breasts and belly is hanging and the movement of them is free. But normally, it is the other way around. Maybe you wouldn't have guessed but it is missionary with a twist, my legs up and over his shoulders or with my knees next to my head. I don't know why but it gives us the most satisfying penetration."
She looked at us and saw some kind of shell-shock coming over our faces. She really started laughing out loud.
"Just look at you! What a wonderful picture! Like parents who just discovered their little girl enjoys a good fuck! I guess my appearance misled you, didn't it? You probably thought, 'here is this wonderful mother of a little kid, and another one coming in a few weeks, and pregnant women are non-sexual. Aren't they? They don't think about sex, even fewer talk about sex in public and they never get aroused while pregnant!' Well, gentleman, that's not true!!"
She smiled at me and put her arm around me. I sensed Caro looking at me with an inquisitive, even suspicious, look but I decided to ignore it.
"Ok, last question from the game. Did you have sex with another woman?"
She smiled wickedly and we knew she was going to give it back to us.
"Sure! Plenty! And, I may add, with some present here, at this very moment!"
We parents were shocked. We all looked at the girls and saw Eve and Bibi turning as red as strawberries! Bibi hid her face in her hands but came out smiling and laughing. Eve also laughed out loud and started crawling toward Sabine.
"You have us! Check-mate, big girl! The only thing left to do is surrender!"
She gave Sabine a full kiss on the mouth and started opening her mouth with her tongue. After what seemed to be a half minute of French kissing, she stopped, looked Sabine in the eyes and smiled.
"This is what you want, right? This is what this stupid game is all about!"
After the dust of revelations had settled down a little, Maria proposed we take a swim and come back for the next activity they had come up with. We all got up and I helped Sabine. She smiled her lovely smile and we walked, behind the others, to the clearing in the reeds where we could enter the water. We saw Bibi and Carolina walking with their arms around each other's waists, looking at each other and chatting. I'd thought Carolina was inquiring about Bibi's experiences here at Naked Alley.
"Bibi is a wonderful spirit, Tom. I always thought she must have had a great youth and good examples to follow. Now I know where it comes from. And besides that, I guess I owe you a favour after this morning. I'll think of something!" Sabine told me with a very happy attitude.
Again, she looked up to me and smiled like someone who sees everything's going according to plan.
7.
We all jumped into the cool water. The game made us forget we had been sitting, unprotected, in the afternoon sun and it got us all hot and sweaty, as did the game itself! Everybody dove into the water headfirst, except Sabine, even Margot with her bandana on.
"I'll race you to the yellow buoys!" Anne called out to no one in particular.
Valerie, Bibi and I accepted her challenge and started swimming to the buoys. Anne had a head start so we couldn't overtake her but Valerie and I became a narrow second and third with Bibi one body-length behind us. Valerie had a very good stroke and I complimented her on it. She told me she swam competition in high school and she had taught Anne some techniques so it didn't surprise her Anne had outpaced us all. But she was surprised I could keep up with her so I told her I swam once or twice a week.
"Ok, now I understand," was her reply, while treading water next to the buoy.
"Understand what?" I asked, keeping myself floating with the help of the buoy.
"How you manage to keep your fit form. I recognised your swimmers body. Looks good, I can tell," she smiled.
"Well, thanks," I answered.
I sensed being watched and turned my head. Both Anne and Bibi were looking at us with faces that said, 'ah, look at them. How cute!' We swam back with an easy breaststroke, enjoying the water, the sun and the scenery. The girls were swimming in front of us.
"I guess, returning your compliments makes me one of many admirers," I said.
"Mmm, as a matter of fact, not so many. Not many who really dare to speak it out loud, I guess. Nowadays, all the attention goes to the girls, like Anne or Bibi," Valerie said without any regret or jealousy.
"Well then, if I may say so, you look really beautiful and it's not only your fit body, it's the confidence you show. There's nothing sexier than confidence in a person!" I dared to confess.
"Well, compliment taken but in my opinion, Carolina is a beautiful woman, too," she responded.
"Sure, she is! I think she is, anyway! She's just not as confident as you seem to be, she's always a bit reluctant when it comes to nudity," I answered.
"Well, maybe after today she will be a lot more relaxed about it, having seen how others react so positively to her body," she said, convinced as she was about her own.
"I really hope so," I said and then I made the 'silence' gesture.
I dove underwater and swam to Bibi in front of me. Getting underneath her made it easy to tickle her leg, as if something that lives in the water had touched it. Even under the water, I heard her scream and I went up laughing. She was mad as hell and tried to get back at me, diving underwater herself. I dived as well and swam away. She couldn't catch up until we were near the island, where we could stand on ground, then she launched herself at me.
We wrestled for the fun of it and I let her dunk me underwater but that was the place I wanted to be because I could wrap my arms around her leg. Standing up, I wanted to throw her off balance but when I surfaced, my arm slid up into my daughter's crotch and I felt her pussy on my forearm! Because I carried her out of the water, she lost her balance but instead of falling backwards, she grabbed my head, which resulted in my daughter's breasts smacking against my face and turning me over into the water.
Suddenly the roles were reversed. She was still holding on to my head, which was underwater, and she pushed it between her legs, my daughter's pussy was covering my face! I started pushing against her knees but her thighs were too strong. I kept on pushing but she didn't let go until, suddenly, her legs opened and I could push her off of my face and resurface. I gasped for air and, when I could see again, I saw her smiling. Again, she grabbed my head but this time to plant a kiss on my lips.
"I'm not only your little girl, I'm your dangerous little girl! So, watch out!" she laughed.
Somebody had found a tennis ball and had thrown it to us. I saw Maria and Margot walking back towards our picnic area. Nicholas and Lucas were walking in another direction and Eve and Sabine were sitting on the grass with their feet in the water. Anne proposed a little ball game, her family against ours. Throw the ball to another member of the family and when all members had caught the ball and it was back in the hands of the person who started, you had won a point. You couldn't go very far, only where we could stand with the water just above our knees.
We were game so we chose the opponent closest to us to defend. Caro was standing next to Anne, Bibi quickly ran through the water towards Marc and I stepped towards Valerie. Quickly it became more like a game of rugby, tackling your opponent even before they had a chance to catch the ball or diving for loose balls. I was impressed by the spirit in which Caro played the game. She didn't hesitate to jump against Anne to keep her from getting to the ball, to grab her from behind or to grab a leg. Not surprisingly, Anne did the same to Carolina. All in all, full-body contact was going on between all of us.
We saw how Bibi had jumped onto Marc and had wrapped her legs around him to prevent him from catching the ball. Or how Anne had surfaced between the legs of Caro after they both fell into the water. Or how I had embraced Valerie to wrestle the ball out of her hand. Grabbing each other from behind or trying to pull the other one down, there was no way to avoid contact with each other's genitals or private parts. And every time, we would hold on a little longer than necessary.
My initial judgement, or question, about Valerie's breasts came to my mind. The thought of Valerie having had a 'boob-job' to make her breasts firm again, to make them look younger, I could tell was not the case. I hadn't grabbed them to find out but having them being pushed against my back or my chest or my arms having pushed them up and down, I was quite sure they were still her own natural breasts.
It ended as a draw when Sabine whistled to signal the end of the game and to summon us to go back to our picnic area. We had a good time and Caro walked out of the water, together with Anne, arms around their middles. Marc had put an arm around Bibi's shoulders with his hand on her breast. I also put my arm around Valerie and smiled at her. She smiled back.
"I like your body but I love your attitude towards games, no prisoners!"
With that, she put her hand on my butt and gave it a good squeeze. For the rest of the walk back, she kept it there as I let my hand wandered down her chest to settle on and squeeze her breast.
8.
When we arrived back at our picnic area, Lucas and Nicholas came walking from the other side.
"Everyone's gone from the island," Lucas told us.
"Yeah, I guess everyone went to prepare dinner or something," Nicholas added.
"When do we have to get back for dinner with Tanya?" Margot asked.
"Oh, I'd guess we have at least another hour and a half. Maybe two. Tanya is not into early dinners," Sabine told us all.
"Dear, people," Margot asked for our attention.
"We all know why we are here and that is because our wonderful daughters organised a very special Father's Day activity yesterday and today we, the mothers, are being 'served' by these lovely creatures. So, when we won the game, Lucas and I insisted to do something in return. You all know Maria confided in us, a little, as to what they had planned for yesterday but I knew a lot more about what the girls had in store for their dads than Lucas did!"
She pointed to four towels that were laid down as the four sides of a square.
"You see those towels? They are for the girls. For one moment, they will be served by us, their parents, and by Sabine of course, who is as much a parent as we are. This time, they will receive a small massage and they will see if they had taught their fathers well yesterday. And, they will tell us what to do so, please girls, lay down."
The girls laid down on the towels, on their bellies. I had a feeling that everybody knew where it was going to lead, that it wasn't a game like the one we played before and that the intimacy of the game would be on another level than answering intimate questions. I looked around and I thought I recognized the awareness in everyone present.
"Please, fathers, step inside of the square and mothers stay outside, next to your daughters."
We all did as instructed and were waiting for the next instructions.
"Ok, thank you. We thought it would be nicer though, if we would mix it up a little, so please fathers, move one towel to your right. And mothers, move one towel to your left," Margot went on explaining how we should organise ourselves around the girls.
This meant I was standing next to Maria, together with Sabine. On my right side was Eve, flanked by Lucas and Valerie. On my left side, Bibi was lying with Marc and Margot standing next to her. Opposite us were Anne, Nicholas and Caro. Lucas went on.
"Ok, daddies, please take position at the feet and sit down. And mums, take your place above the head."
I guess Maria must have instructed Lucas because he flawlessly explained the order in which the massages had to proceed. Plus, he asked the girls to give some tips or advice, because they were the experts. The girls immediately helped us by stretching their arms towards their mums and softly whispering instructions. I took both of Maria's feet in my hand and parted her legs a little so I could sit on my knees between them.
Of course, this meant I had a great view of her completely shaven pussy! Her light pink inner labia contrasted beautifully with her darker pussy. Lying on her belly, a small tuft of hair was just visible below the clearly visible knob of her clit, enclosed in a pink hood that could keep it covered. I could quietly study her most private physique while going downwards on her legs with my hands. All of her yoga practice really showed on her slender and well-toned long legs.
I looked at Sabine as she finished with Maria's arms and was massaging the top of her back, her big breasts hanging on top of Maria's shoulders. Maria had spread her arms to the side and had suggested that Sabine could crawl over her head to reach her lower back. Sabine told her she couldn't massage her that way because her belly, and its weight, would be obstructing her movements. So, Sabine asked if I could help her with Maria's lower back.
This meant I had to move forward, so I closed her legs and placed my legs beside Maria's. I softly sat down on the back of her thighs, my crotch on the crossroad of her butt, butt crack and legs. When I started massaging her lower back, Maria must have noticed my dick was caught between the top of her butt and my belly because she slowly started wiggling her butt. That caused my cock to grow and when I looked down, the purple glans was visible between our bodies. I looked up at Sabine and saw she had noticed it as well. She smiled and took one of her breasts into her hand, moved it to her mouth and slowly licked her nipple that was visibly getting larger.
Maria had centred her head, rested her chin on both of her hands and was looking straight at Sabine's open pussy, inches away from her face. Maria slowly reached out to her pussy and, with one finger, started caressing her clit. Sabine closed her eyes and slowly kneaded the tit she had in her hand. Maria's whole hand disappeared between Sabine's legs and, looking at her reaction, Maria had slowly slipped a finger inside of her. It was very arousing to see Sabine's big tits growing even bigger above her big belly and her nipples becoming a lot larger as well, clearly sticking out as she pinched them both.
We were abruptly taken out of our little mini-cosmos by the voice of Lucas, who didn't sound so clear himself. He asked the girls to turn over and that gave us all a chance to see what was going on with them! Most of all, the high state of arousal was clearly visible on everybody and one could almost feel it in the air. Cocks had grown and some, like mine, were clearly sticking out as were the nipples of all of the women and like Sabine's, most of the tits had grown larger and firmer.
I looked at Carolina who was getting off of the back of Anne, leaving a small patch of wetness there. She looked at me and smiled. I recognised a horniness and excitement in her eyes I hadn't seen for a long time. The girls had turned over and were laying on their backs and one could recognise their arousal, too. Their breathing was not as expected after a relaxing massage and their nipples were also larger and harder than before they laid down.
Again, I spread Maria's legs a little and sat down between them. When I started stroking her thighs, my thumbs would come dangerously close to her pussy and I saw her breathing had become more irregular and shallow, anticipating what would come next. I dared to go further and I let my thumbs touch the opening of her cunt. A glistening wetness came out of it and covered the tips of my thumbs. I looked up to her and saw she was lying with her eyes open, looking at Sabine's massive tits hanging in front of her eyes.
I picked up one leg and held it high, so her foot was in front of my face. I slowly started massaging the sole of her foot with my thumbs and, like the other times, it sent a special energy through Maria's body. There was no relaxation anymore, her wetness trickled from her pussy to her ass crack and she couldn't resist touching her tits. Sabine took hold of her hands and placed them on top of her own, while covering Maria's tits with both of her hands. They both started playing with each other's tits and I took Maria's other foot and she had the same reaction, as before, to the movements of my thumbs, only stronger.
This time, Maria's hand went to her crotch and she pushed two fingers inside of her dripping pussy. While my thumbs kept the pressure going, I pulled her foot to my mouth and started sucking on her big toe. That surprised her but she gave me a quick glance of approval, then looked up at Sabine.
"Sit on my face," she whispered:
Sabine managed to move her knees across Maria's arms and crawled, on all fours, towards me while I continued to suck and nibble on Maria's toes. Sabine smiled at me and suddenly closed her eyes because Maria hit a very touchy spot between her legs. Sabine opened her eyes and looked at me.
"Come on over, I told you I owed you one," she said.
I bent Maria's knees outward and walked on my knees towards her open pussy, where her own hand was now rubbing her clit. When my thighs touched hers, I couldn't move any further forward but it was close enough for Sabine. On all fours, her belly pushed Maria's tits to the side and her own tits were resting on Maria's belly. She looked up at me and opened her mouth. My cock was a rock-hard piston and all I had to do was move it slowly between Sabine's waiting lips.
Looking at me, she started licking and kissing the big purple head and slowly, I pushed it between her lips and more and more inside of her wet and warm mouth. It felt great! And then she started moving her head back and forth, all of the time keeping the friction of her tongue against the underside of my glans. I looked around and saw a similar scene going on between Eve, Valerie and Lucas. Lucas had nose-dived between Eve's legs with her feet on the top of his back. Valerie was sitting on top of Eve's face and was served exceptionally well, if I correctly read the look on her face.
Suddenly, Valerie opened her eyes, looked at me and smiled. Her smile quickly vanished and was replaced by an orgasm sweeping across her face but she managed to keep looking at me all the way through it. I turned my head to the left, towards Carolina, and saw her laying on top of Anne in a full-fledged sixty-nine position. Nicholas was sitting in front of her face and, without looking, Caro was giving him a hand job and occasionally looked up to take him in her mouth.
Behind me, Bibi was serving Margot the same way as Eve served Valerie. Margot was kneading her tits with both hands, her eyes closed. Hearing the pitch of her voice, I knew it wouldn't be long before she would explode. Marc had pulled both of Bibi's legs on top of his, so her butt was free from the ground. The end of his cock slowly went in and out of Bibi's cunt and, once in a while, he took his wet cock out to slide it across her clitoris. Suddenly, Margot grabbed his head and kissed him deeply while her orgasm washed through her body.
From the corner of my eye, I saw Carolina saying something to Nicholas before he moved behind her. His cock seemed to have grown at least another inch and he slowly pushed it inside of Caro's waiting pussy. After a few long, slow and deep strokes, Caro pushed him back a bit, took his cock and placed it in front of her asshole. I knew that wasn't her favourite thing, so to see her initiate it meant her level of excitement and horniness was very, very high! Nicholas slowly, but surely, pushed his cock inside of her ass in one, single, ongoing move which led to some very loud moans escaping Caro's mouth and attracted the attention of some of us.
Anyway, the noise levels had increased noticeably. The sounds of appreciation and moans came from all sides. Before I returned my attention to Sabine, I saw Valerie taking Lucas by the balls and taking his very stiff cock into her mouth. Sabine had let go of my cock and looked up with very hazy eyes.
"Take me in the ass!" she half whispered, half moaned.
I walked around her and looked into Maria's wet, glistening and satisfied looking face as her own orgasm had just subsided. I dipped the tip of my cock into Sabine's very open and wet cunt, taking care not to really penetrate her. After I took it out, I wetted a finger in her cunt, as well, and slowly penetrated her asshole with it. A soft, long moan was Sabine's reaction. I took my finger out again and placed the tip of my cock against her wet and slippery sphincter. Slowly, I pushed the head of my cock into her asshole until my hips touched her butt and my whole cock had disappeared into her ass. I left it like that for a second and slowly started to move with long strokes when she wiggled her ass.
Her soft moans became something of the past, her words filling the air unless she muffled them by putting her mouth onto Maria's pussy. I felt some tickling against my balls and saw Maria was rubbing Sabine's clit with her thumb. With her other hand, she took hold of my balls, going along with the strokes but holding them back towards my asshole which gave me the feeling my cock was even deeper as it penetrated Sabine's ass.
Margot had moved in front of me and was sucking Marc's slick cock, which was covered with Bibi's cunt juices, while fingering Bibi with one hand at the same time. Bibi lay with her face to the side, looking at Sabine, but without seeing much.
Then, Sabine's moans stopped all together and her body started shaking. I heard Maria lapping away at her cunt and then I felt all of the muscles of her ass tighten around my cock and then they started contracting in a fast, rhythmic way, milking my cock that was buried deep inside of her. She told me later, it was the rhythm of an orgasm she seldom experienced. The beat slowed down after a while, I slipped out and Sabine rolled her body next to Maria and closed her eyes.
For a moment, I felt as if I was a gladiator, the last man standing, even if I was standing on my knees. But the next tour of duty called in the form of Valerie, who looked at me with her mouth full of cock.
"Come on over, big boy," she said after she emptied her mouth.
She moved a bit backwards, so Eve's pussy became available for Lucas. Like Bibi had done, Eve raised her hips and offered Lucas her pussy 'on a platter'. It took no effort for Lucas to enter her and he started banging her right away, with both of his hands on her hips. Valerie moved backwards even further and pointed her ass up towards the sky.
"You know, Tom. No prisoners!" she said coarsely with her low voice which made me want to ravish this hockey mom completely.
I wiped Sabine's fluids off of my cock with a towel and positioned myself behind Valerie. She and Eve had started sucking on each other's tits but that stopped the moment I shoved my cock completely into Val's dripping cunt.
There was no time, anymore, for tender licking and sucking on nipples for Val. I pounded her pussy with long, hard strokes. Valerie buried her face between Eve's tits, to lessen the sound she was making. I took hold of her ponytail, at the base, and pulled her head up. Her moans joined the chorus of the others. I could hear Carolina talking trash as I've never heard before!
"Push it, push it hard! Push your big cock, Nicholas!"
I could hear the muffled screams of Margot, whose face was covered with Marc's cum, as she received another of her many orgasms. I looked closer and saw that most of Bibi's hand had disappeared inside of Margot's cunt.
Suddenly, I pulled out of Valerie's cunt, had already pushed my cock into her little asshole and started fucking her ass before she noticed what had happened. It was a tight hole and it suddenly became an alley that was too small to go through. I looked down and saw Eve pushing her four fingers into Valerie's cunt while her thumb was on her clit. I saw Lucas pulling out of Eve and pushing his cock between Valerie's lips, quieting her moans, all of her fuck holes were filled!
"No prisoners!" I whispered.
At that moment, Lucas came in her mouth and sent Valerie over the top and she collapsed in one big orgasmic eruption. I felt my balls getting wet and realised Valerie had squirted on me and Eve while cumming. I pulled out again. I looked around and saw Nicholas lying on top of Carolina, still in her, and next to Anne who was softly kissing Caro's body. Bibi was kissing Margot and licking Marc's cum off of her face as he slowly caressed both of them.
Maria was peacefully kissing and licking Sabine's enormous tits as she returned the favour by softly massaging Maria's tits. I stood there, on my knees, feeling like a gladiator, again even though I hadn't realised, yet, I was the last man standing. But no! From the edge of the woods, a fairy-like creature appeared. It was Lola. She stepped towards us, sucking on the fingers of one hand while the other was busy rubbing her pussy.
"Tanya sent me to get you but that was so hot to see!"
She was blushing when she spoke the words.
"And now, I need to come," she said while walking straight at me.
She knelt before me and, though I was standing on my knees, she was still a head shorter than me. Her small, puffy tits stood out clearly, showing her excitement as well. She came so close, her hard nipples touched my body and my still hard cock touched her flat belly. She looked up, totally serious, and softly repeated her words.
"I need to come and so do you."
She pushed me backwards until I fell on my back, then took my cock, put it into her pretty mouth, licking it clean and swallowed it! Then she put her knees beside my hips, held my cock up straight and lowered herself onto my cock.
I closed my eyes. She felt different. She didn't feel real. She felt like a nymph sent from the gods to seduce or reward a mortal. She fucked me and she came, squirting her juices across my belly, over my balls and onto my ass-crack. She kept on fucking and coming until all of the fluids in my body erupted into her tiny, young body and I blacked out.
9.
Tanya heard us coming and probably smiled and shook her head at the same time. Exhausted as we were, if we would have gone directly to the dinner, it would have been a miserable ending to the day. But luckily, Valerie talked us all into having a shower to cool down together from such an intensive and demanding experience.
In the shower, it was very clear we had bonded. We cleaned each other, washing cum off of each other's bodies and faces and having our dicks washed by multiple hands without crossing over to explicit behaviour. Our experience had made us a tight and intimate group. Everybody had seen the other as they truly were, without clothes, without inhibitions and without shame. Male, female, daughters and parents, the experience became a great equalizer.
We were only worried about Eve's mother, Nicholas' wife. Would she become one of our group or would she be a problem for Eve and Nick?
Dinner was a lovely occasion full of stories and laughter. We all felt ok with telling the mothers about the events at Father's Day, so some of us also heard stories that hadn't been told yesterday. At the end of the evening, we said goodbye to our new friends and Tanya, with the promise we would all take up a membership at Nature's Alley for the year to come.