Warning: This is the seventh chapter in a long, sometimes slow, edgy and very kinky incest tale. Each chapter builds on previous chapters. This story contains topics such as small breast fetish, female and male domination/submission, cuckoldry, spanking, voyeurism, exhibitionism, cross-dressing, feminization, panty fetish, sissification, embarrassment/humiliation, masturbation, father/daughter, mother/son, and bi-sexuality. It is not intended to be a "Quick Read", but rather a shocking and detailed look at the way two kinky people find each other, the way their relationship blossoms and the experiences they enjoy and endure.
++++++++++++
The next several months were filled with fun and excitement the likes I have never experienced before. We did things, went places and I spent a lot of time with Patty's father. PJ and I played golf and went to ball games -- I even rescued him one evening when he had too much to drink at an evening dinner party. Things were going well; I was happier than I'd ever been in my life and most of all, Patty and I were falling deeper and deeper in love.
Sexually, Patty and I were remarkably compatible. Patty bathed me in love, affection and understanding. She was sympathetic and perceptive about my kinks, fetishes and secret desires, and she was truly excited about helping me experience those things which I had previously been ashamed to explore. Much of that was because Patty and I shared many of the same kinky desires and it was easy to confide and trust in her. Patty's interest in sex was as high as mine and she was always willing to try something new and experiment with me. I learned that Patty was one of those people who got extreme joy from pleasing others and that fact shone through into our sexual relationship day after day. Patty was even interested and turned on by anal play, and it became a major part of our sexual activity. There was just one minor drawback: no fucking.
The morning after our first date -- that day when she'd come over so early in the morning and slipped into bed next to me, we'd taken a shower and were eating breakfast when I did the responsible thing and brought up the subject of birth control. Surprisingly, Patty told me she'd never used any. When I asked her if perhaps we should discuss it and decide on what we might use, Patty laid the bombshell on me. She was a virgin. I mean a real virgin -- nothing had ever penetrated her vagina.
I initially found it hard to believe someone with the sexual prowess Patty held could really be a virgin, but it turned out to be the truth. She explained it all in detail, but it comes down to this: Patty had promised her father that she'd remain a "real virgin" until her wedding day. I could see the anxiety and fear in her face when she told me the whole story, but, honestly - it was totally fine with me. In fact, I felt proud knowing my cute, little, A-cup angel had never been fucked before.
I tried to tell her it wasn't a problem for me, but she went on and on promising that she'd take care of me with handjobs and blowjobs and anything else I wanted as long as it didn't include fucking. She'd given her word and made a promise, and she wasn't going to disappoint her Daddy.
Believe me, having been on the receiving end of her blowjobs and her handjobs already, I can tell you right now they were world-class and I wasn't at all worried about not having intercourse with her. She promised me I could have all the panties I wanted from her, adding she would please me in any way I desired..... except that.
I stopped Patty as she listed all the things she'd do to keep me sexually satisfied. "Patty," I said, "Its okay. Don't make such a big deal out of it. Actually, I think it's kinda cool."
"But I don't want you sneaking around my back or going anywhere else for sex." Patty explained. "I don't want you going out to look for some girl to fuck just because I can't make love to you like that."
I finally had to wrap my arms around her and physically hug her so tight that she stopped talking before I could get her to hear what I was saying. "Look," I said to Patty, "do you hear me complaining? As long as we can do other things, and as long as you'll still let me love you in other ways, you have my solemn oath I won't cheat and I won't ever try to take your virginity from you."
So, during those first few months, our sexual relationship including everything except fucking. One of my biggest turn-ons was simply looking at her naked body. She would let me undress her -- and as I removed each piece of clothing, I would endlessly hug and kiss her. Sometimes, I would suckle at her tiny nips for thirty minutes at a time while she slowly jacked my cock, or while I masturbated myself. Eventually, though, she would always end up lying down with her legs spread so I could pay homage to her panty encased pussy. There were times when these play sessions would last hours -- she would have multiple orgasms as I licked, sucked and kissed every inch of her body.
Understanding of my panty fetish, she would always let me eat her pussy with her panties on until she'd had a few orgasms and her panties were saturated with her natural juices. Then, once she was ready to have me take them off, she would pull her knees up to her chest, open her legs and let me stare at her virgin pussy while I stroked my cock and blew my load all over her.
I could see the enjoyment in her face as she pulled her hairless lips apart so I could look down into her pussy to see her unbroken hymen. I couldn't even begin to count how many times she'd spread herself open and let me gaze at her flawless pussy while I jerked my cock. It was such an intimate and amazing thing to see -- the thin membrane of her cherry stretched across her vaginal opening. It wasn't solid, you know..... there was a tiny hole in the middle of her cherry smaller than the size of a dime, and when I went down on her, I was always careful I didn't get too rough, and when I touched her pussy, I never tried to put my finger in past the point where I felt her hymen.
Patty and I had long talks about what we liked sexually and what we fantasized about. She really liked showing herself off, giving and receiving oral sex, masturbating and role playing a naughty school girl. I made sure I kept Patty sexually happy, too, and I took the opportunity to expose her when it was safe to do. Over time, though, I finally discovered Patty's most secret fantasy of all -- the thing that always led her to an overwhelming orgasm of biblical proportions..... and that is -- Patty loved to be erotically spanked. She dreamed of it..... and even the briefest reference to giving her a spanking would elicit a strong reaction from her.
Her eyes would light up when we talked about spankings and she told me all her favorite spanking fantasies; like being bent over the teacher's desk and having her skirt lifted in front of the whole class so she could be spanked in front of them. At first, she was ashamed to tell me about her spanking fetish, but, the more we talked about it and the more I spanked her, the more she opened up and I became an expert in giving her what she longed for. It wasn't so much that Patty wanted to be painfully spanked as much as she wanted to be lewdly exposed and put in incredibly compromising positions where she had no choice other than to go along. I wouldn't call Patty submissive at all -- in fact, quite the opposite -- she was very dominant.... but, when it came to her spankings, Patty role played the naughty, submissive school girl to perfection.
Here's an example: One night we were at a bar, just spending time with each other. As it got later and we'd had a few beers, we ended up in the back of the bar, playing pool as partners with two guys we'd never met before on one of the three pool tables. Patty inadvertently scratched, sending the queue ball into the corner pocket and causing us to lose our turn. Jokingly, I told her if she scratched again, I'd have to spank her bare butt. After I said it, Patty's eyes opened wide and she sassily replied, "Oh, No! A bare bottom spanking? Right here in front of all these guys? You wouldn't dare!"
The two guys we were playing against overheard us, and they both looked at me for my answer. "Yes," I replied, "I would dare and if you scratch again, I'll pull your pants down right here and I'll tan your bare bottom in front of everyone..... and I mean it, Patty," I warned, "I'll pull your cute little panties down, too."
I could tell by her voice that she was baiting me and I knew without a doubt she'd intentionally scratch again when she got her turn to shoot. And, just as I suspected, when she got her next turn, she snickered, turned up her nose at me and hit the queue ball right into the closest pocket without even trying to hit one of our balls first. "Okay!" I exclaimed, "I warned you."
I grabbed Patty by the arm and pulled her over to a small cocktail table in the corner of the room behind the pool tables that was, thankfully, not viewable by the rest of the bar. "You stay right there!" I huffed.
Then, I turned to the guys we were playing against and asked them to keep a look out while I made good on my promise to spank her. By this time, three more guys from another pool table who had overheard us, gathered around and the five of them formed a human wall between the rest of the bar and the cocktail table where Patty would receive her spanking.
Returning to Patty, I smiled as I roughly grabbed her hand and turned her to face the five guys. "Take your jeans down." I ordered.
"Please, Paul, don't make me do this..... not in front of them." She begged, as she pointed to the guys standing watch over her.
"It's your own fault," I replied, "I told you what would happen if you scratched, and you did so anyway. Did you think I was kidding?"
Patty and I had spoken many times about her getting a public spanking and how I would unmercifully expose her pussy and her ass. I used to kid her that I would make her stand naked from the waist down while I scolded her and then bend her over in such a way that her hairless pussy would be placed on perfect display to whomever wanted to look, and how I would make sure she stayed in that position for an agonizing amount of time. I never really thought I would get an opportunity to actually do any of it, but, I could see the twinkle in her eye and I could tell from her body language that she desperately wanted me to do it.
"Oh, please!" She implored. "I'll do anything else.... but not that..... don't make me take my pants off."
At first, I was just going to make her lower her jeans, but after hearing her ask me not to make her take them all the way off, I figured she was giving me a hint what she wanted me to make her do. So, without letting on that I got her hint, I said, "That's it! I tried to be nice about it, but you had to argue, didn't you? Just for that, take your jeans all the way off and if there's any more discussion from you, I'll make you strip down completely." Patty lowered her head, and her hands went immediately to the front of her jeans. Then, without any further delay, she unsnapped them and pulled her zipper down.
Looking up at me with sad, puppy dog eyes, Patty wiggled her hips and pushed her jeans down to her feet and stepped out of them. When she stood up and handed them to me, I took her jeans from her and tossed them to one of the guys we were playing pool with and asked him to hold them for me. As Patty stood there in her panties, I could see a faint blush overtake her face and she was fidgeting with her hands -- a sign that she was now under my total control. I decided it was time to up the stakes for my A-Cup Angel.
"Hands to your side." I told her. "Don't try to cover yourself up. It won't matter in a few minutes, anyway. Everyone is going to see what you have...... I did say a bare bottom spanking, you know."
As her hands floated to her sides, I took in the sight of her standing in the dark corner of the bar in just her tight, red panties. I chuckled to myself as I looked at her; I couldn't have planned this any better. Her red panties were creased up between her pussy lips and if I knew Patty -- I knew her pussy would be wet and her panties would be wet, too. Once I pulled her panties down and her bare pussy came into view, there would be no doubt that she was extremely excited.
Stepping up to her, I immediately reached down and put my hands in the waistband of her panties and started to pull them down. I went slowly at first, hoping the material between her pussy lips would remain in place as I pulled them down. If so, I knew it would reveal her wetness to the guys watching, and, I was right. As I lowered her panties and exposed her hairless pussy lips, the guys all gasped -- and when the crotch of her panties pulled free from between her lips, an obvious, dark, wet blotch appeared on them, complete with a shiny, wet sheen that meant only one thing -- she was wet as hell.
I only pulled her panties down to the top of her thighs because I wanted her to be able to spread her legs wide when I turned her around and bent her over the cocktail table. They were low enough to expose all of her pussy and that was exactly what I wanted.
Once she was exposed, I stood next to her and verbally chastised her while she stood on display to our five onlookers. I told her I was sick and tired of her back talk and disobedience, adding that she'd been itching to be punished for days now and she'd finally pushed me to the breaking point. The whole time, she stood there with her hands to her side looking down at the floor as if she was too embarrassed and humiliated to look up. However, I knew differently. I knew her heart was thumping and she was getting more and more excited every second I made her stand there like that.
After I bitched her out for a few minutes, I told her to look up and tell our two pool opponents she was sorry for ruining our game of pool. When she did, I took an opportunity to look over at the group of guys standing there and each one looked like they had a banana in their front pockets. I knew Patty would be ecstatically happy to see how her exposure was affecting them.
Then, grabbing her by the arm, I swung her around and told her to bend over while I pushed her shoulders down towards the table. "Spread your legs and point your toes in," I barked, "there's no need for false modesty at this point. They've already seen your pussy."
"Point your butt up, Patty!" I directed. "And, spread your legs more and point those toes in unless you want me to completely strip you."
Patty did as I said, and when she was done, she was in a position that showed off her tiny, hairless pussy wonderfully. There was even some recessed lighting on the ceiling above us that illuminated her butt and between her legs. It was an awesome sight.
I took a few minutes to rub her butt cheeks with the palms of my hands, and in doing so, I was able to spread her bottom apart so our witnesses could see her butt hole. This was such an amazing fantasy come true for her, and as I held her butt cheeks open, I could see her glistening vaginal juices about ready to overtake the confines of her virgin pussy.
"Smack!" My first swat landed squarely on her butt cheek. I'd cupped my hand so it sounded as if it would hurt, but I knew she wasn't even fazed by it. Luckily for us, the bar noise and the music from the juke box drowned out the sound of her spanking, and in short order, I continued -- delivering swats to both sides of her cute little ass. I stopped after each three or four swats to pry open her butt cheeks again to check on her growing wetness, and each time I spread her open, I was treated to an absolutely perfect example of a hot and wet vagina about to drip pussy juice all down her legs.
I wasn't trying to spank her hard; my goal was actually just to make it appear that she was being punished. But, I have to admit - I was definitely doing everything I could to expose her intimate female places. I knew that's what Patty really wanted -- to be utterly and shamefully exposed so that her vagina and her butt hole were seen. After about fifteen swats, I made her stay in that position and invited each of the guys over to take a good, long look at her while I stretched her pink butt cheeks open as far as I could. By doing that, I knew it would also open her pussy up at least enough to show them how wet she was - and maybe enough to show off her cherry, especially if someone got down low enough to try to look up inside her.
As each one came up to take their turn inspecting her, I could hear her moan softly, especially when I held her cheeks apart and asked each of the guys if they could see her pussy clearly.
After each of the guys had a close up look at her butt and pussy, I told Patty to stand. I turned her around and reached under her chin to tilt her head up to look at the five guys. The look on her face was priceless! She was obviously not in any pain, but, she was breathing hard, and as I made her stand there, she started to pant, taking quick breaths in and out. I knew this was a sign of her elevated excitement and I debated whether or not to reach my hand down and stroke her wet vagina. I opted not to since I didn't know how much longer we would we able to get away with our little show, so, instead, I had her apologize again to our pool partners and then told her she could pull her panties back up.
Reaching over to the guys watching, I retrieved her jeans and held them out to her. Silently, she stepped into them and fastened them around her waist. Then looking at me, she apologized for disobeying, and pleaded for me to take her home to finish her punishment.
"I ought to just strip you and make you walk through this place and out to the car for your behavior tonight," I answered, "but, I think you've been through enough.... at least for now. I guess we can complete your punishment when we get you home."
Then, leaving our five watchers to guess what that meant, I took Patty by the hand and led her past the five guys, through the bar and out the door. As soon as we got outside, she flew into my arms and kissed me until we were both breathless. "Did you enjoy that?" I asked.
"Oh, God," Patty moaned, "you have no idea how much I'd love you to take me back in there and fuck me in front of those guys. If I didn't have to stay a virgin, I might even pull you back in there, myself."
"Well, let's go back to my place for a while and I'll make you cum a few times before I take you home." I replied.
So, that spanking turned out to be the first of many public spankings Patty got from me, all of which were 'spur of the moment' events neither of us planned ahead of time. Personally, I enjoyed it more for her sake than my own. Being able to please her like that -- taking advantage of her exhibitionistic desires and her spanking fetish all at one time -- made me feel good and I knew she enjoyed it immensely.
As time went by, I opened up to Patty about all my sexual secrets, too. We had long, in-depth discussions about anal play, my panty fetish, playing dress-up and my curiosity about bi-sexuality. Patty wasn't bashful about the fact that seeing two guys go at it turned her on, and she made no apologies for it, either. She repeatedly told me how amazing it was to watch Fred suck my cock that night in the changing room when Wilma asked if Fred could clean my cock. One time, when we were talking about it, she asked me the question which I knew was inevitable.
"That night, did you ever think about, you know... returning the favor and sucking Fred?" Patty asked, softly.
I knew it was just a matter of time before she asked this and I was ready for it, having rehearsed this conversation in my head numerous times. "You mean that night at the store?" I replied, acting dumb.
"Uh huh," Patty answered as she nodded her head, "Did you ever think about sucking him off, too?"
"To tell you the truth, yes I did." I told Patty directly and honestly. "I had a lot of conflict rolling around in my head that night about it." I replied.
"Ohhhh, Paul," Patty sighed, "what stopped you and why haven't you ever said anything about it?"
I told Patty the night it happened in the store, I was so surprised at the situation, I was initially petrified to do anything except stand there and let him suck me. Looking at Patty, I added, "But, if you would have told me to do it, I would have."
"You're kidding!" Patty exclaimed.
"Not at all." I answered. "That night I would have done anything you told me to do. I feel the same way now -- even more."
"So," Patty asked, "if I set something up with Fred and Wilma and told you I wanted to see you suck Fred's cock, you'd do it?"
"Yes." I said, embarrassingly.
Noting my obvious embarrassed condition, Patty told me there was no reason to feel self-conscious and we talked about it in great detail. I told her I'd always had some curiosity about sex with another guy, but, the opportunity never availed itself, and once I'd met her, I didn't want her to think I was 'Gay'. Patty said that just because I was curious about it didn't mean I was 'Gay' and she told me she didn't have a problem if I wanted to try it sometime. I confided in her that I'd thought about it more and more once I realized it would turn her on, but I was very careful to add that I didn't want anything to come between us.
"I think you should do it," my angel encouraged, "you'll never know how you feel about it until you actually try it. If it's not something you like, you'll know. And if it turns out to be something you want to do again, it could be something we can share.... you know, something we can do together. I love giving blowjobs," Patty continued, "feeling a hard cock in my mouth..... and I totally love the taste and feel of a man's cum, so it's easy to understand how you might want to do it, too."
Her answer was nothing short of implied permission to suck a cock - and unless I missed my guess, she was encouraging me to do it. When I asked her how far she'd want me to go with another guy, she answered, "All the way, if you want to -- as long as I can be there to watch."
It was at this point I took the time to explain to Patty that I had an intense fear of something as big as a man's cock up my ass. I had all these visions of my poor butt being impaled by some joker with a ten inch cock who just wanted to fuck my ass without using any lubrication or taking any time. I didn't want to be simply bent over and fucked. "Oral sex," I told her, "is something I think I could do fairly easily right now; and I wouldn't ever think about doing it unless you were there with me. But," I added, "the thought of anal sex with a guy terrifies the hell out of me."
Patty said she could definitely understand -- not only from a pain and comfort point of view, but also from an emotional point of view. "It's like the most submissive position anyone could ever be in," Patty said, "being bent over and knowing you're in that position for only one thing -- to let someone stick something up your butt. And once they do, you have stay like that while they pound it into you. I'm sure it's worse for males than it is for females, though."
Patty went on, adding "I think all females eventually accept the fact that all our holes are going to be used by a cock -- our vaginas, our mouths..... and out butts, too. But for a guy," she added, "I imagine it could be traumatic and humiliating. I admire you for being open to it, though."
Even having said all that, my A-Cup angel honestly admitted she was extremely turned on by the thought of both oral and anal sex between two guys. She said she wasn't trying to push me into anything, but wanted me to know she wouldn't see it as 'Cheating' as long as we did it together. She was, however, very firm about the fact that we should never consider doing anything with someone we didn't know or didn't trust.
Patty suggested that we get some toys from the local adult store and experiment to see what I liked. She seemed to think getting an assortment of different sized and shaped items might help get me over my fear of having something larger than her finger up my butt, and that seemed logical and appealing to me.
So, a few days later, my A-cup angel and I went to the adult store and bought a bag full of different kinds of anal toys, along with different types of anal lube. Patty's eyes lit up when she saw the strap-on harnesses for sale there, so we bought one along with an assortment of fake dongs to go with them. The love and tenderness Patty displayed during this period of our relationship was very much appreciated by me, and even though I knew she was doing this partly to satisfy her own desires, I knew without a shadow of a doubt her concern for my emotional and personal well-being were always put ahead of her own interests.
The night we first tried the strap-on, I was over at her house visiting. I wasn't expecting anything other than a kiss or two, but knowing Patty, she probably set the whole thing up with me in mind. PJ was conveniently out of town until the next day, so Patty and I had the huge mansion to ourselves. I felt so shameful walking through the big house with just my undies on, praying there weren't any security cameras there. . "Come on," Patty urged, "I do it all the time. I've been all over this house completely naked, you Naughty Boy." And with that, Patty pulled me out of her bedroom with just my bra and panties on. We raided the kitchen and took a basket of snacks and a bottle of wine back upstairs to Patty's room where she kissed me and asked me to put myself in her hands for the evening. "I've got a little surprise for you, but only if you promise to be a good girl for me." She said.
"Good girl?" I thought.
Patty went to her closet and pulled out a big box wrapped with a huge ribbon. "Ta Da!," she said excitedly, "It's for you!"
Patty had the hugest smile on her face I've ever seen, and taking me by the hand, she led me to the bed, sat me down and handed me the box. This was just like Patty, she was the most thoughtful person I'd ever met and it was perfectly in her character to give thoughtful presents and surprises.
I took a long time to open the box, meticulously removing the ribbon as slowly as I could, knowing full well it would frustrate her if I didn't rip it open to see what was inside. When I finally opened the box and peeled back the yellow tissue paper, what I saw made my heart jump -- and my cock jump, too.
I'm not sure how Patty pulled this off, but she'd found a seamstress somewhere on the East Coast who made their living making intimate feminine apparel for men. In this case, Patty hired her to make me five different nightgowns, all based on the 'Baby Doll' style I told her about from my childhood memories. Not only that, each one came with a matching pair of rumba panties, which Patty immediately pointed out had extra material in the front so a man's erect cock would have plenty of room.
They were all different colors, but two of them caught my eye. The first one was white and it was made of pure silk. It had thin shoulder straps and the length came down just below my waist. There was a single row of ruffles around the very bottom and it was light as a feather. The other one that immediately got my attention was light purple in color and made of nylon. The cut of it and the way it looked reminded me exactly of my sister's baby doll nightie I used to wear -- the same one my mother caught me in that day I was admiring myself in Sissy's mirror.
But, they were all beautiful. Patty showed me the inside of each one, pointing out that nothing scratchy would ever touch my skin. Each baby doll was slightly different than the others and I could tell that Patty probably went to an incredible amount of effort to have these made for me. "We'll keep two here," Patty said, "and you can take the other three home with you. But," Patty continued, giggling, "that's just the first half of the surprise."
With her eyes twinkling, Patty announced we were going to play "Mother and Daughter Dress Up" and we were going to play with the strap-on toys. She immediately worked to put my mind at ease, saying we would go slow, use a lot of lubrication and she would let me pick out which dong I wanted her to use with the strap-on. Patty said she'd thought it all out, taken my fears into consideration and she was sure we could do it in a way that would give me a wonderful first-time experience.
"Will you let me do this for you?" Patty finally asked after she explained everything she had in mind.
Patty had a way of making things happen. She would meticulously plan and set things up to the point where all I ever had to do was be there. She never spared any expense or effort and never gave away what she was planning to do until it was time. She never put me in a position where I felt vulnerable or adversely surprised -- I think that's because she never did anything until she looked at it from all angles. This was one of those times where she planned perfectly and presented it in such a way that I had no option other than to love her for it and agree to everything.
Patty jumped for joy and ran to her closet and brought me a bag full of things she said we would need. It was filled with all kinds of girl things -- shampoo, conditioner, nail clippers, nail files, special washcloths, conditioning creams, and delapidory creams. "We're going to turn you into your sister again," Patty said, "just like your Mom did... but only for today. I'm going to show you everything girls do to make them selves soft and 'girly' and we'll see how you like it. Then later, I'll make love to you with the strap-on and you can stay here until Daddy comes home tomorrow."
I took a few minutes to visualize what Patty said. I'd previously told her the entire story of how my Mom dressed me in my sister, Sissy's, clothes that time before I went off to college and let me be her 'Daughter' for a couple of days. I'd told her all the details of how much I enjoyed it and how my mother made it such a memorable time for me -- one of the best few days of my life. Mom pulled out all the stops, too; even giving me a long and detailed gynecology lesson using herself as the subject. She talked to me just like I was a girl and we had long discussions about emotions, feelings, and every sexual topic under the sun. Mom was the first one to ever discuss anal sex with me and explain about the pleasure and stigma surrounding it. She was specific when she talked about cleanliness and the emotional connection between someone's butt and their sexual desires and fears. I could see in Mom's eyes that she was speaking from experience on much of it, and one thing I took away from that specific discussion was that it only took one bad anal experience to make someone shy away from it forever. She gave me a piece of advice I've never forgotten, and that is: "Don't ever expect your partner to do anything you wouldn't do and always treat them better than you would want them to treat you."
So, Patty was offering me a way to safely be a girl and we would go all the way with it -- all the way with the mother tenderly fucking her daughter's ass. She was going to show me how to prepare myself and how to use all the things she bought me. Patty was going to remove all my body hair, too. In effect, I was going to be a girl in almost every way, shape and form. She was going to 'Make Love' to me and I would sleep next to her; safe and sound next to my 'Mother' when it was all over.
Damn, I loved that girl. One thing bothered me, though, and I brought it up.
"You know," I said to Patty, quite embarrassed, "I don't have any desire to be a girl..... you know.... full time. You realize that, right?"
"I know, Baby." Patty answered. "I get the fact that it's a fantasy and a role play for you. I'm not trying to turn you into a fem or anything like that, but I don't see any reason why we can't incorporate this into our relationship if it's something we're both interested in."
"Baby," she added, "it turns me on just as much as it turns you on, and it can be something just for the two of us to share. Plus, you might even discover some things about yourself that have been there a long time, and you never realized it."
"And what would that be?" I asked.
"Well, for starters, maybe you'd like to have a male lover from time to time." She answered, taking my hand in hers.
"Ah," I said, laughing, "you'd like that wouldn't you? That's one of your fantasies."
"Okay," Patty answered, "that's true, I would like to see that.... but, I think you're interested in it as much as I am, you're just afraid to admit it, Naughty Boy. You're afraid it will make you look 'Gay' or less of a man in my eyes. I assure you, though, that's just not true at all."
I understood what Patty was saying, and she was right for the most part. I'd always had some degree of bi-curiosity and repressed it because I was afraid of what would happen if people found out. Having Patty as a willing partner to all of it was a blessing, or at least it was looking that way.
For the next several hours, Patty took me under her wing and started my transformation into my sister. We spent the better part of three hours in her huge bathroom. When I emerged, I'd had a shower, a soaking bath, my body hair was removed, all my nails were cut, and my skin had a soft, supple feel that was amazing. I never realized how many things girls do to them selves to make them cute and pretty, but she explained everything as she went and showed me how to do it myself, saying I could do these things on my own at home if I wanted to, and offered to help me in any way she could. "No one will ever know but me, Paul, and I'd love to help you with this." She said.
Throughout most of it, I maintained a healthy erection. Patty tried her best to ignore it, but after a while, she gave up, saying "I guess it just means you like what we're doing." And I did. The whole process was incredibly erotic and it gave Patty and me a different kind of 'together' time. It was a time where she was the hands down expert; she knew exactly how to do it and she not only made it fun, she made it successful. But, be sure of this -- Patty didn't want me to cum while we were 'Getting Ready'. She didn't touch me much there, except while she was doing the hair removal, and she kept an eye on me to make sure I didn't try to touch myself, either.
The whole time, Patty was dressed in just a pair of panties and a girl's cotton vest top with little flowers on it. I imagine the vest top was intended for a child, but it fit her small frame and tiny boobs magnificently. It was probably sexier than her being naked because the panties crept up between her pussy lips and she left it like that the whole time, knowing it would hold my attention and keep me agitated.
When the time came for me to put on the Baby Doll and the rumba panties, I was just as excited as Patty was, maybe even more, and my erection proved it. Patty started to role play as my mother and referred to me as her little girl or her daughter numerous times. I knew she was just playing our little make believe game, but she took great care in doing it lovingly, speaking softly and touching me innocently. It was nice -- very nice, and even though I knew we were pretending, the way she handled it made it seem warm and inviting. When Patty picked up the rumba panties from the bed, she looked at me and took a deep breath and let out a sigh.
"Let's get you dressed now, little girl." My A-Cup Angel said quite calmly.
Those words rang in my ears as she motioned for me to come closer. When I did, she put her arms around me and we hugged for a few minutes. "Whatever happens with all of this," Patty whispered, "whether you like it, or not, and regardless if we ever do this again, I want you to know that I love you now and I'll love you afterwards, too. None of any of this changes the fact that you're the man I love with all my heart."
With that, Patty bent down and held the panties out for me to step into; first one foot and then the other. Once I stepped into them, Patty pulled the panties up my legs and settled them on my hips. The panties felt light and airy -- and my hard cock poked out, billowing the gathered material of the rumba panties out in front of me. They weren't tight at all. The leg and waistband was just right and when I swung my hips back and forth, my erect cock swayed easily inside the confines of the panties. Obviously, the seamstress who made the panties for Patty knew how to accommodate a hard cock. They were tight enough to stay on me, and allowed plenty of comfort room for my full blown erection.
Patty stood back and looked at me. I could tell by the smile on her face that the panties met with her approval. "They're like little girl panties," she observed, "and with your legs nice and smooth now, you really look like a girl from there down..... well, except for this." Patty said, as she reached out to feel my rod poking out in front of me. Unfortunately, when she touched me, my cock lurched and a few drops of precum leaked out onto the panties, leaving a dark wet spot where the tip of my cock touched the material.
"I'm sure these will have to be washed by the time we're done.... at least I hope so." Patty laughed, adding, "I'll wash 'em for you tomorrow after you leave."
As Patty reached for the matching Baby Doll, my heart started to beat violently in my chest. "Come here, so Mommy can put your nightie on." Patty cooed as she gathered up the material so she could slip it over my head.
I took a timid step toward her and when I got close, she said, "Arms up." I raised my arms and Patty reached up to put the Baby Doll over my head and as I slipped my arms into arm holes, I instantly got a rush reminiscent of the days when I used to put my sister's nighties on years ago. I felt a blush starting across my chest, but it wasn't a blush of embarrassment, it was a blush of joy -- a sense of remembrance. It had been so long since I'd allowed myself this pleasure and it felt good -- really good. Patty's eyes sparkled when she let go of the fabric and the Baby Doll fell down, flowing over my body. "Oh, Sissy," Patty moaned, calling me by my sister's name, "its beautiful... you're beautiful. Come look in the mirror."
Patty took my hand and pulled me to her dressing mirror. "Look." Patty said. In the mirror, I saw something that had been hidden for years, but yet something I knew was lying dormant within me. It conjured up such a deep set of feelings in me -- for instance, the way my mother allowed my panty wearing and panty sniffing, the way Mom let me pretend to be her daughter for those few short days..... and I began to realize something. I realized that this is a part of who I am, and then I realized Patty was right -- this was something special.... something intimate and meaningful and it was just for us..... something special and private.
Patty left me standing at the mirror and I couldn't help from twirling right to left looking at myself in the mirror. Even though I had a full erection, with the way the Baby Doll hung on me and the fullness of the hem, I could barely tell I had a hard-on. I embarrassed myself thinking I could even wear this in front of someone and feel safe that no one would tell I was a man. If it wasn't for my short hair and my lack of breasts, I could almost "Pass".
When I turned to find Patty, I saw her pulling the comforter down on her bed. As she pulled it down and then all the way off, it left the rose color sheets visible along with four very large and fluffy pillows.
"Sissy," Patty said, holding her hand out to me, "come here. We have to get started now."
Patty cocked her head and smiled at me as I walked across the room to her. "On one hand, I hope you'll never be the same after this," Patty said as she patted the bed urging me to climb up, "and on the other hand, I hope this won't change anything about you."
As I turned to sit on my bottom, Patty sat next to me so she could explain what we were going to do next. Holding my hand, she went through everything from start to finish, telling me exactly what she was going to do and how she was going to do it. She made me promise to tell her if I was uncomfortable and made me swear to tell her if I got scared, got hurt or wanted her to stop. Other than that, she said she had everything ready and all I needed to do was get into position -- and I knew exactly what she meant.
"You can either be on your back and you can pull your legs way up, or you can get on your hands and knees. It's your choice." Patty began. "Either way is okay, but, I think for the first time you might want to be on your hands and knees so you don't have to look at me while we're doing this. It might make it easier the first time not having to face anyone." Patty said.
"Can I ask you something?" I asked.
"Sure, sweetheart." She replied.
"I know you're a virgin and all," I started, "and we've never discussed this, but, are you a virgin back there, too? Uh, I mean, you know.... in your butt?"
"I know what you mean, sweetheart." Patty answered. "And, no, I'm not a virgin back there -- I've had it in my butt before. But, this isn't the right time to explain all that to you, so, forget about it for now. Right now, suffice it to say that I understand your fears and everything that's bouncing around inside your head right now."
"Oh." I said. "Did it hurt, though?" I asked.
Patty sat there for a minute and then spoke. "Sweetheart, I want you to listen closely to what I'm going to tell you, okay?"
I nodded my head and then she continued, saying, "Yes, it hurt, Baby. He wasn't very gentle. He was rough and he didn't take any time to get me ready and when it was over, I felt violated and humiliated. But, you don't need to worry about any of that. I'm going to take a long time to get you ready and I'm going to use a lot of lubrication and I'll let you pick the cock we use. I promise you from the bottom of my heart you are not going to feel any pain and you're not going to get hurt. I would never do that to you, sweetheart."
It took me a minute to absorb what she said. Believe it or not, I wasn't hung up on her doing me -- I knew she would take perfect care of me. What hung me up was thinking about what she'd gone through when she was taken up the butt and what she'd endured. I wondered if she'd been raped or maybe it was a boyfriend who pressed himself on her when she insisted on staying a virgin.
"Baby," my angel whispered, "don't dwell on any of that now. Let me show you how nice it can be. Let me make love to you so you can see for your self."
Then Patty got up off the bed and reached for one of the pillows. "Enough of this kind of talk, Sissy," Patty said smiling, "it's time to be a big girl now and I want you to do what Mommy says."
Patty folded the pillow in half and told me to get up on my hands and knees. When I did, she placed the pillow under my stomach and then did the same to another pillow and placed it under my stomach, too. Pressing down on my back, I settled down onto the pillows. Taking the third pillow, she placed it under my head and told me to relax. Sitting next to me, she straightened my Baby Doll down across my back and smoothed it out. "Such a pretty girl," she whispered as she stroked my back, "such a beautiful girl."
Memories of my mother flooded my mind as Patty hovered over me, soothing me with her light touch and comforting words. "Just relax and find a comfortable position." She said as she stroked my back. "Spread your knees a little more and rest your weight on the pillows," Patty coaxed, "don't try to hold yourself up. You need to be comfortable to enjoy this."
I did as she said, wiggling my butt and finding a place where I wasn't using my muscles to keep me in position. I found it was more comfortable to push one of my arms under the pillow my head was on and leave the other arm on top of the pillow since it helped stabilize my upper body. Patty sat with me a long time, probably ten minutes and every few minutes I wiggled this way and that to find the perfect position. The whole time, Patty rubbed my arms and my back lightly, occasionally running her hands over my butt and tracing her fingers up and down my crack. She kept speaking to me, very softly, telling me how cute I was and how beautiful I was, how much she loved me and how much it meant to her that I was letting her be my first. It was truly soothing and made me relax to the point where I was ready for her to claim me.
"You okay now, sweetheart?" Patty asked. When I nodded I was, Patty said, "Mommy's got to get some things we need, so you stay here and I'll be right back."
I watched as Patty walked to her closet. She pulled out a small suitcase and laid it on the floor next to the bed where I could see it. As she opened it, I could make out the straps of the strap-on, a few of the dongs we bought to go with it, and a few of the toys and tubes of lube we purchased at the adult store. As she kneeled down by the opened toy suitcase, she looked up and told me it was important for her little girl to obey her Mommy, and for me to remember that Mommy always knew best so I shouldn't question what Mommy said. I smiled back at her, closed my eyes for a minute as I relaxed into the pillows, and said, "Yes, Mommy."
Smiling back, Patty reached into the suitcase and withdrew a thick, flesh colored, flexible dong about eight inches long with balls. As soon as I saw it, my eyes shot wide open and I visualized that eight inch cock pounding into my ass. Patty immediately calmed me down and reassured me she wasn't going to use it in the strap-on. "Mommy wants you to hold this in your hand and suck on it while I get everything ready, sweetheart." Patty said. Then standing to walk to the side of the bed, she sat next to me and placed the fake cock in my free hand and moved it toward my mouth, saying, "Big girls need to learn how to suck a man's penis, sweetheart. This is a good time to practice."
"Open up," Patty said, "just play with for now, sweetie. Use your tongue and see how it feels in your mouth." As I opened my mouth, she guided it past my lips and let up on her pressure when it was inside. "Now close around it." She added, and told me to keep it in my mouth while she did the rest of the things she needed to do.
"You can watch Mommy get everything ready, sweetheart." My A-cup angel whispered. "I don't want you to get scared, so I'm going to show you everything and tell you what I'm doing so nothing will be a surprise. You can just relax with that nice penis in your mouth and watch Mommy."
Next, Patty pulled out a bottle of anal lube. Holding it up, she told me she was going to put some on me and use her fingers to massage it up inside me and around my hole. "It's not going to hurt, sweetheart," she added, "it'll make you wet and slippery back there and it will last for a really long time. That way you'll enjoy Mommy's penis in you when the time comes."
"Once I get you all slippery," Patty continued as she reached into the open suitcase, "I'm going to slip this little plug into you and leave it there for a while." She was showing me one of the butt plugs we bought at the adult store. It wasn't the biggest one in the package we bought, but it wasn't the smallest one, either. "If it's not comfortable," she said, "we have smaller ones, too. Don't worry, though, we'll go nice and slow, and Mommy won't hurt her little girl."
Patty came and sat next to me on the bed again and reached over to take my hand holding the dong and gently moved it in and out of my mouth. "Keep it wet with your spit," she whispered down to me, "move it in and out just like that." She kept up her guiding motions until I did what she wanted me to do and then she let go and said, "Good girl. You're sure a fast learner, Sissy."
Then Patty scooted down to the end of the bed and I felt her move between my outstretched feet. I felt her hand on my back, rubbing me. "What a pretty girl you are, Sissy," she said softly, then added, "and so brave, too."
I felt her lift the hem of my Baby Doll and lay it up over my waist. "I'm just going to lower your panties a little bit, sweetheart, so Mommy can do what she needs to do back here. You relax and keep practicing sucking on that penis." Patty said.
Next, I felt her hands on the sides of my panties as she gently pulled them down and left them at the bottom of my butt cheeks. I heard her open the tube of lube and then I heard a squirting sound. "It might feel cold for a second," she whispered, "so don't jump when you feel it."
She used her bare finger at first, just to rub around my hole and then she lightly tapped on my anus. "Think of this as your pussy, Sissy." Patty said, as she gently touched me. "I promise it will open enough to take Mommy's cock as long as you don't get scared and clinch up." She added.
"That's why it was so hard for me my first time," she continued, "but if you relax your muscles and let it happen, you'll see how nice it feels to have a hard penis in there. Making love and taking your lover's cock up inside you is a wonderful feeling, Sissy, it's something you'll learn to cherish." She said.
Since I was clean from the bath and shower, I wasn't at all uncomfortable when she leaned down and tongued around me, and then pressed her tongue lightly onto my opening. The feel of her warm breath and tongue felt good and I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling while I held the dong in my mouth and sucked the end of it.
At first, I didn't even realize it when her tonguing stopped and she began to slip her lubricated finger into my ass. It wasn't as cold as I thought it would be -- one minute I was feeling her tongue and then the next, her finger tip was in me. She withdrew it, applied more lube to her finger and then pushed the tip of her finger into me again. "See," she said, "Mommy's not going to hurt you. That's not too bad is it?"
"No." I replied, "it feels nice."
Her finger kept up the same pattern of pushing into me a little and then adding more lube and pushing back into me a little deeper. After a few minutes, I could feel her finger all the way in. "Don't clinch up, sweetheart." She reminded me. "Try to concentrate on relaxing your muscles back here and try to open yourself up to my fingers."
I did what she asked and intentionally tried to push back into her fingers. Once I was able to relax, her finger was moving in and out of my ass smoothly. "I'm going to do this for a few minutes, just like I am now." Patty whispered up to me. "See how nice that feels?"
"Hmm." I moaned as I closed my eyes and sucked more of the fake penis into my mouth.
"Mommy's going to make this so nice for you, sweetheart," Patty said very softly, "you're going to love your Mommy so much for this. Then maybe I'll let you do it for real someday, sweetie. Would you like that? Would you like for Mommy to let you have a real penis in your mouth and maybe even a real one back here, too?"
My cock lurched when she said those words, and despite my attempt not to clinch up, I did for a moment. "Oh!" Patty said, "I could feel that way down inside you, sweetheart. You're such an eager girl, aren't you?"
"Just relax now," she added, "I'm just going to try two fingers now."
A second later, she told me to bear down for a second and when I did, I felt her two fingers slip into me. "That's a good girl." Patty praised. "See how easy this is?"
She started to slowly withdraw her fingers almost all the way out and then she slowly slipped them back in. She kept this up for a long time while she lovingly stroked my back with her free hand. After a minute, I felt her reach around my waist and slip her hand inside my panties. Wrapping her fingers around my hard cock, Patty leaned over closer to me and whispered, "I see my little girl's getting wet inside her panties. That's a very good sign, Sissy."
Squeezing my cock several times and then pulling her hand out, she told me to take the dong out of my mouth and hold it up for her. When I did, she reached over and grasped the dong with her wet fist, coating it from top to bottom with the lubricious precum that was flowing from my cockhead and then guided the dong back to my mouth and pushed it between my lips. "Deep now, sweetheart." Patty said. "Show Mommy what a good girl you can be."
I laid there with my eyes closed as I sucked my own precum from the dong and then resumed my in and out motion, swirling my tongue around it, and pulling it out from time to time to get a breath and fasten my lips around the head of the dong. "That's right, Sissy," Patty said, "its very sensitive around the head of a man's penis. You can hold it just like you are now and squeeze it to get a nice taste of his precum. One day, you'll see for yourself what I mean."
I took her cue and started to squeeze the shaft of the dong and suck the head of the fake cock. "Oh, that's perfect," Patty praised me again, "you're going to be so good at this. Mommy's so proud of you!"
Patty's dual finger action kept up until she was sliding them in and out almost effortlessly. There was no pain and it felt good, especially when she pushed her fingers in all the way and rubbed against my prostate. "You're really open now. Sissy." She informed me. "You're going to take Mommy's cock so well, I just know you will."
Her fingers moved in and out for another minute or so and then without saying a word to me, her fingers slipped out and the butt plug she had ready went right in. It was already in me by the time I realized what happened and although it was larger than her two fingers put together, it wasn't uncomfortable at all and it wasn't hurting me.
"There." Patty said as she pulled my panties back up and moved out from between my feet to sat up next to me again. Leaning down to pull the dong from my mouth, she kissed me. "How does that feel?" She asked. "Is it too much? Too tight back there? Is it hurting you at all?"
I smiled up at her and shook my head. Closing my eyes, the only thing I could do is smile and say, "It's nice."
"Good, sweetheart." She replied. "See, Mommy told you I'd never hurt my little girl. Now you just stay like that, put the nice penis back in your mouth and I'll be back in a minute."
I watched as she stood and walked across the room and into her bathroom. I heard the water turn on and the sounds of her washing her hands. After a minute, she came out carrying a folded towel and three obviously wet washcloths. Setting them down on the top of the suitcase lid, Patty said, "We'll use these later when we're all done if we need to."
Patty reached into the toy suitcase and pulled out three rubber strap-on dongs. They were all different in length and thickness, but each one had a shorter nub on the other end which was meant to rub against the female giving some pressure to the wearer's clitoris. This was interesting, I thought, I was going to feel it and she was going to feel it, too. Wouldn't it be something if we both could cum while she fucked me?
As Patty sat next to me again, she held out the rubber dongs. "Sissy, take a look at these and let's decide which one Mommy should use." Patty said. Then, holding one at a time, she told me about each one. The first one was the smallest in both length and thickness. It was a little thicker than one of her fingers; she showed me by laying it beside her middle finger, and it was probably five inches long. The second one was twice the thickness of the first one and about six inches long. The third one was even longer, maybe seven or eight inches long, thicker than the first one, but thinner than the second one.
"I would think either of these," Patty said holding out the second and third dongs, "would be the one to use. I don't think the first one is long enough to hit your little pleasure spot, Sissy. But, I'll let you pick the one you want Mommy to use."
While I looked at the three instruments that might be sliding up into my ass before long, Patty remarked, "Usually you won't have the luxury of making a choice, sweetheart. You'll have to take what comes with the man. That's why this time is so special, sweetie, you can try one, or try them all. It's your choice."
I left the dong I was sucking in my mouth and reached out to tap the third one she showed me -- the longest one with the middle thickness. Patty was happy, reaching down to kiss my cheek and place my hand back on the cock in my mouth and start it moving back and forth again. "Good choice," Patty said, giggling to me "that's the one I would pick, too. We're so much alike!"
I watched closely as Patty moved over and crouched down again next to the toy suitcase. Playfully, she spread her legs wide so I could see the way her panties were pulled up snugly in between her virginal pussy lips. She smiled as she saw me looking, then reaching down between her legs, she drew her finger up and down her crease just to tease me. "Oh," my angel moaned, "Mommy's so wet, sweetheart. Want to see?"
Rising up, she walked to where she could stand in front of me and pulled her panties down to her knees. Then reaching over and taking the dildo out of my hand and pulling it from my mouth, she ran the dildo up and down her crack, laying the shaft of the fake cock in between her pussy lips and twisting the cock around to coat the rubber dong with her pussy juice. Smiling a wicked grin, she pulled her panties back up and sat on the bed next to me again. Then, reaching back into my panties and wrapping her hand around my member, she jerked me a few times as best as she could. She let go of my cock and wrapped her fist around the tip of my penis. "Oh yes," Patty moaned after a few seconds, "my little girl is really wet."
Withdrawing her hand, she wiped a copious amount of my precum all over the dildo again, but this time mixing my fluids with her own, fresh from her pussy. And without another word, she placed the fake cock back in my hand and pushed it to my lips.
"Show Mommy how nicely you can clean that up, would you sweetheart?" Patty asked as she let go, just as the tip of the cock reached my lips. "This is something a girl needs to learn to do with dignity, skill and grace. You should never hesitate to clean your man's penis, Sissy."
She watched as I slid the dildo back into my mouth. I took a minute to try to distinguish the taste of her pussy juice and my own precum, but, it was hard to do. It was a mixture I'd never tasted before, not quite pussy and not quite cum. Honestly, I rather liked it -- maybe it was because I saw her coat the fake cock with her pussy juice and didn't care what else was on it after that, but, in all the times she'd given me handjobs or sucked me off, I never pulled away when she wanted to kiss me with cum on her lips or in her mouth. In fact, she told me once it was something she really liked about me -- the fact that I never shied away from my own cum.
After watching me eagerly suck our combined juices from the plastic cock, my A-cup angel patted my back and told me I was a good girl. Then moving back to the toy suitcase on the floor, she reached in and pulled out the strap-on harness and unfastened the holder in the middle that held the cock in place. Smiling at me, she slipped the cock I selected through the hole and fastened the harness together. She moved in front of me and set the strap-on on the bed next to me. Kneeling on the floor and resting her elbows on the bed in front of my face, she leaned down and kissed my cheek and then my forehead. "It's time, Sissy." Patty said, softly. "All your years of waiting, dreaming and being afraid are over. It's time to be a big girl and give your self to someone you love, and someone who loves you."
Patty pulled the cock from my mouth and kissed me. "I want this to be so good for you, Baby," she said, "so you just relax and let Mommy do all the work. I'm going to slip the back of your panties down when it's time, but we'll keep the front up to catch all your girl cum in case you get overly excited. And if that happens, sweetheart, you just let it happen and don't worry about it. Mommy will help you clean it up when we're all done."
She kissed me again and whispered in my ear that she loved me. Then, standing up, she pulled her little shirt vest off and tossed it in the toy suitcase, baring those tiny breasts which I loved so much to my eyes. Hooking her thumbs in the waist of her panties, she pulled them off and stepped out of them. Holding her panties up to smell them, she nodded her head and crinkled her nose. "Hmm, Mommy's wet panties......" She moaned. "You know, I love it so much that you crave these. It always makes me feel so desired."
Patty reached out and took the rubber cock from my hand, and as she smiled down at me, She wrapped her panties tightly around the base of the fake cock and tucked them in as she wrapped them. Then, giggling, she put the cock back in my hand and guided it into my mouth. Continuing to push until the cock was in quite far, I was treated to the pleasing aroma of her pussy embedded in the panties she just took off. "The further you can take this in, Sissy, the closer you can get to Mommy's panties." Patty said as she kissed her finger and touched it to my nose. As I watched, she mouthed, "I love you" and then she picked up the strap-on harness, strapped it around her waist and climbed on the bed.
Time seemed to stop then. I felt her moving around, positioning herself between my legs and nudging herself up closer and closer to my upturned pantied ass. When she finally stopped moving, I heard the 'snap' of the plastic cap on the anal lube being opened and then the squishy sound of her squeezing the lube out of the tube. After a minute, I felt her hand at my hips, lightly stroking my skin. Then as I waited breathlessly, her fingers took hold of my panties and she started to pull them down. "Oh, fuck!" I moaned to myself. This was really it. All the preliminaries and preparation was over. I was about to have my ass fucked by my girlfriend. Just at that instant, a severe panic flooded over me and I almost called out for her to stop. But, as I felt her reach up and gently twist the butt plug to remove it, my panic subsided and it was replaced with intense desire to have her continue. No, it was more than that -- I just didn't want her to continue, I wanted her to fuck me. At last..... I'd admitted it to myself.
Patty phrased it right earlier. I had waited years for this moment; years filled with a combination of embarrassment, terrifying fear and immense desire. The ultimate conflict for a man -- the desire to experience another man sexually, both orally and anally -- and Patty was doing her best to make it happen. True, she wasn't a man, but, with the fake cock in my mouth and my ass lubed up ready to take the strap-on, this was just about the next best thing.
"Sweetheart," Patty said softly, "I'm just going to pull the butt plug out and then use my finger to put some more lube up into you. Just relax, now," Patty gently said, "nothing is going to hurt you and soon you'll see there's no reason to be afraid."
I closed my eyes and tried to concentrate on sucking the fake cock into my mouth as far as I could, trying to get Patty's panties right up to my nose. Of course, the cock was too big and I could never get it in far enough to bury my nose against her panties, but, I tried relaxing my jaw and working it in more and more hoping that I'd be able to.
I was trying not to pay attention to what Patty was doing, but I did feel it when the butt plug was removed and she slid her lubricated finger up into me. Three or four times she did it and then when she removed her finger for the last time, I felt her move up closer to me and she nudged the strap-on cock up against my hole.
"Now, when I tell you," Patty instructed, "take a deep breath and push back on me a little. Bear down with your butt muscles and try not to clench up. The first two inches is going to be the hardest, and you'll be temped to pull away and tighten up from Mommy. If you can fight that feeling, the rest will feel so good you'll feel like melting into those pillows and wishing it could go on forever."
I felt her rub my back and she told me again that she loved me. Then, she said, "Now, sweetheart." I took a breath and bore down as my angel said. I felt her push into me gently and there was some light pressure for a quick second while Patty's cock pushed past my opening and then I felt it slip easily inside my ass.
I was amazed that it took so little effort, and there was no struggle or pain what so ever. I think Patty was surprised, too, because once she was in me, she said, "Lie there for a minute and relax, sweetheart." Patty stopped moving, too. I felt her hands on my back, rubbing me while she kept still letting me get accustomed to having her cock in my butt. "Just feel it," she whispered, "close your eyes and focus all your attention to relaxing and just feel the way Mommy's hard cock is in you for a minute."
"You alright?" Patty asked after a short time.
"Hmm," I moaned, "yeah, I'm fine."
Patty told me she was going to start to move very slowly, saying she wouldn't go in real deep and when I nodded my head, I felt her start to move, first pushing in a little, and then letting up, then pulling back and stopping. This pattern repeated a few times until I felt her start to push in deeper and I readied myself for the pain I knew would come. But, it didn't. It never did. She was gentle and before I knew it, I felt her tummy all the way against my butt cheeks and I knew her cock was all the way in my ass. Then she was pulling all the way back and pushing in all the way again, very slowly.
I'd settled into the pillows by now and I simply let her fuck me. It was a glorious feeling and as I felt her sliding in and out of me effortlessly, I realized there was no need for me to worry about anything -- in fact, all the anxiety I had about having something in my butt, all the fear and all the worry -- it was probably all a terrific waste of time.
After a few minutes of her gentle fucking, I started to push back on her as she was moving into me. "Feels good, doesn't it?" She asked.
"Yes," I replied, "you have no idea."
Patty laughed, saying, "Oh yes I do, sweetheart. Believe me, I know exactly what you're feeling right now."
She increased her pace a little as she fucked me, and began to push into me as far as she could. "Oooohhhh," she moaned, "I'm glad we got the kind that has the part that rubs on my clit, Baby....... It feels really nice."
Pretty soon, she was all out fucking me..... laying across my back with her arms around my waist and she was fucking me. I could hear her breathing at each stroke, and in this position, the way her cock was hitting up against my pleasure spot, it was working miracles on me, too. She was whispering to me as she fucked me, saying "I knew you'd like this, sweetie.... you were just afraid. But now you know how nice it can be to have a cock up your butt. You want me to fuck you hard now, Baby?"
"Oh yeah," I moaned, "fuck me hard, Mommy," I panted, "fuck me hard now."
"You like Mommy's cock. Don't you sweetheart?" She asked. "Tell Mommy you love her.... tell Mommy you love her cock in you."
Her words lit a fire in me that instantly raged into an inferno. I didn't care about anything except having that cock in me and letting her fuck me. Each stroke of her cock brought me closer and closer to a desperate point where I wanted more and more of it. "God," I moaned, "this feels so good.... so fucking good." I sighed. "I love you so much", I added, "and I love your cock in me..... fucking me like this, and making me your daughter..... aaahhh, fuck me..... fuck me!"
I know we were just playing a game calling each other 'Mommy' and 'Daughter' and all that -- but each time we did, my mind flashed back to when I was living at home thinking of the way my Mom and I did all those nasty things together and regretting the fact that I never had sex with her. All of those feelings, and the way Patty dressed me up as my sister and confidently prepared me for what she knew I would love -- it was all too much.
Patty, for herself, was past the point where she had any reservations now about pounding my ass with her cock, and with each thrust, she moaned and groaned like a woman in heat. "Sweetheart," she panted, "Mommy's going to cum soon, I can tell.... I can feel it. Oh, Sissy, I'm going to cum fucking your pussy!"
My mind snapped and I felt something deep inside me start to tremble. It wasn't the normal feeling of an orgasm, this was something different, and it was happening fast and it was strong. All of a sudden, a severe flush of warmth flooded over me and I felt my cock contract and the next thing I knew, it felt like a non-stop river was flowing out of my cock
"Mommy's cuming now, Baby," Patty yelled as she held my hips and ground her pelvis into me. "Oh, God!" She screamed. "I'm cuming...... I'm cuming."
I remember lying there, thinking this must be what it's like for a woman as she's getting fucked, and as a thick feeling of warmth and contentedness came over me, I suddenly felt envious and jealous of all women -- because this was the kind of feeling men couldn't experience. It was like nothing I had ever felt before.
Patty collapsed on my back, huffing and puffing as her tiny breasts lie smashed between us. "Oh, Baby," she panted, "that was a really good cum."
"Good," I replied, "I think I came a minute ago, too. I feel really wet down there."
"You do?" She asked, trying to catch her breath. "You think you came, too?"
I felt her push herself up off my back and start to pull the cock out of me. "No!" I yelled, "No... not yet. Don't pull out, please." I begged.
"I know, I know, Sweetheart," Patty answered, "but, you're not used to this and I need to check you real fast to make sure you're okay. Just let me take it out and I'll put the butt plug back in you so you won't feel empty. Okay?"
And that's what Patty did. Without waiting for me to answer, she pulled out of me slowly and then I felt her move around and use her hands to open my cheeks. "You're fine," Patty said as I felt her slip the butt plug into my ass, "just hold on while I take this thing off and wipe you down real quickly."
I felt patty step off the bed and heard the sound of straps and buckles coming undone. Then, I saw her red, sweaty and naked body, without the strap-on, tiptoe over to the toy suitcase and reach for one of the washcloths and then scurry back on the bed and start to wipe me off. "Is it messy back there?" I asked. "No sweetheart," she giggled, "it's just the lube. Looks like I might have used too much, it's all over everything."
Patty cleaned the lube off my ass and pulled my panties up. "Lift up," Patty asked, "so you can stretch your legs out and rest for a while." When I did, she pulled the pillows out from under me and told me to roll over on my side. Then, lying down next to me, she cuddled up next to my body and held me as I basked in the glow of the feeling. "Shhhhh," Patty whispered, as I started to say something, "just let me hold you for a while. Rest, Baby."