Brunette on Blonde, Part 2 - The Blonde
Alex's girlfriend, Rachel, and her Aunt Penny had left the holiday camp under dramatic circumstances. The experience had rattled Alex. He took no pleasure from his breakfast the following morning, and left it half uneaten.
As he walked from the restaurant into the Reception foyer, the dazzling blonde, Aurelia, was heading in the opposite. She was alone. She shot him a quick glance as she passed. Her beautiful eyes were clouded and she wore a frown; she looked troubled. It touched him to feel her sorrow, which made him temporarily forget his own troubles. He turned back and caught up with her.
Pitching his voice as gently as he could muster, he asked. "Are you alright? You seem distressed."
She turned her head slowly and studied him. Then she turned to face him fully.
"It's nothing," she half-whispered, cryptically, with a forced smile, "It's a day for regrets all round. Thank you for caring." She reached for his hands and clasped them. Then she turned away and headed for the restaurant.
Her mysterious comment intrigued him, but if she didn't want to confide, that was an end to it. He somehow felt that her grief must be more serious than his disappointment.
It was low tide so he grabbed a towel and headed for the beach for an early swim. The usual gaggle of youths and hangers-on had congregated outside the cliff-top shop, probably waiting for their leaders to join them. He glanced at them in passing, conscious of all eyes staring at him, speculatively. He changed his plan and forced himself to join them out of curiosity, to hear the gossip. As he had suspected, there was a lot of talk and speculation about Rachel. Someone asked him what he knew. He told them nothing of significance. A voice out of his range of vision muttered, "He fucked up."
Alex searched for the source but no-one's face betrayed ownership. Mortified, he headed off to the beach alone.
Lying on the compacted sand, he surveyed the bay. He found a place to lay his towel near the cliffs, where the sand had been banked highest by storms. The bay formed a rough oval with a relatively narrow opening to the sea. The way out to sea pointed perhaps to Iberia, the Azores or perhaps the Caribbean. He wished he was any of those places rather than there.
He turned his head to examine the tall cliff face behind him. Some quite large openings high up in the cliff wall, like caves attracted his attention. They were inaccessible from the beach, being 12 to 14 feet above its highest point.
All around him, families were spreading out as the tide ebbed out, spreading out their towels and hammering in redundant wind breaks. He glanced around for a sign of his parents, but to no avail. They were probably up by the pool.
He brooded, torturing himself on his bad luck with Rachel, and at getting sucked into an ill-advised, and all too brief and unfulfilled fling. Still, it could have ended far worse, if Rachel had not put a stop to her aunt's lascivious plans. That woman was clearly deranged. Would he have succumbed to her Aunt Penny's charms? With a body like that, he had to admit that he probably might.
He guessed that Penny must be in her late thirties though her face and body looked much younger. His first impression of her body laid out on the lounger and stumbling about in a loose, stringy bikini, had been unfavourable. But seeing her naked had astonished him. She was without doubt a MILF, even though the term had not yet then been coined. Her body was large and powerful, a plus size in modelling terms, yet firm, curved to the point of voluptuousness, and simply stunning. He recalled at the pool, lifting her breast to slip it back into her top when he thought she was asleep. It had felt firm and heavy, the memory of which now was causing his trunks to balloon.
Ah, to cherish a body like that; but the possible consequences didn't bear thinking about.
Aurelia arrived on the beach, with her male entourage in tow. She saw him and headed in his direction. The main group got their first and settled down around him. Her entourage chose to pitch camp a little further off. At that point his troubles were forgotten. Nothing else mattered but the proximity of Aurelia's graceful beauty. He could see her attraction for the others. Like them, he was captivated by her delicate movements, her wonderfully slim but curvy body, and her unapproachable beauty. She removed her sleeveless top to reveal her bikini. Her breasts were simply fantastic, beautifully formed, and barely contained within their teasing triangular confines. She slipped out of her shorts, seemingly in a world of her own, as if unaware of her surroundings. Her glorious body taunted him from within its skimpy bright yellow coverings. She was so achingly beautiful. All thoughts of Rachel melted away.
Aurelia's cleavage pointed at him tantalisingly as she bent forwards to dust sand from her feet. Her breasts shook gently from side to side, as a visible reminder of what he might admire from afar yet never get to touch.
Unlike Rachel's aunt, Aurelia's bikini strings were securely tied. The revealing garment clung lovingly and reliably to her exquisite body, as would anything privileged enough to be that close to perfection. She stood, stretching her arms, her shapely bottom pushed out and her back arched. Her loyal following lounged a little distance from her in a rough semi-circle, each casting discreet glances from time to time at her body. If she was aware, she showed no signs. She was occupied in fixing her shoulder length hair in some sort of bun.
Satisfied with her handiwork, she lay down on her front on her towel. Alex admired the rise and fall of her profile from her head, down her slender back, to the graceful mound of her bottom.
Her gaggle of followers stood up, and began a game of catch-ball to perpetuate the conceit that they were not particularly interested in her. For some reason, the tableau angered Alex. It was the ridiculous non-engagement with the object of their real interest which provoked him. Aurelia was like an object, an icon; held prisoner by her adoring retinue. Her guards kept their respectful distance around her but would be prepared to intervene should she, or anyone else make a move out of step.
Alex resolved to prick their bubble. He approached her nonchalantly and sank to his knees beside her.
She sensed his presence and raised her head to look at him, shielding her eyes from the sun. Brief puzzlement quickly gave way to a weak smile as she recognised him. "Are you my shining bright knight?" she enquired enigmatically. Her tone was relaxed, perhaps mildly amused. But her question begged a whole heap of others.
"Laugh at me if you will but I can feel your unhappiness. I can't bear to see it and do nothing. Can you tell me what's wrong?"
"Sit down," she said, in a voice not much above a whisper.
He sat initially, then lay on his side to bring his face closer to hers. He guessed that what she wanted to confide in him she didn't want anyone else to hear.
Her face was expressionless.
"Rachel called at my room early this morning. She told me what happened. I'm so sorry. Her aunt is a bully. She told me that nothing happened with you in the end? Is that true?"
"Were you her friend?"
"As much as casual acquaintances might be friendly. I'm pestered by men, as you can see. It frightens off the other females. I don't know if I'm being punished by that. But Rachel went out of her way to talk to me when we were alone together."
"She seems a kind girl."
"How did you two get so far so quickly when you hardly knew each other?"
Aurelia's inquisitive tone voice held a tinge of admiration for his rapid achievement.
"So far? So you know we didn't get as far as Rachel had planned - or rather her aunt. I'm ashamed at our indecent haste, but when the opportunity presented itself, I couldn't resist. But that can't be what's bothering you. Is it your isolation?"
Alex probably over-stepped the mark with that presumption to refer to the unmentionable, but she didn't react as he expected.
Rather, she snorted dismissively. "It's been a curse for much of my life. I've been pestered by men and boys of all ages, and despised by other women. I wish I could get away sometimes. But, no, that isn't what's troubling me."
She shifted her upper body close to me. "Thank you for caring. I'm sure you're a genuine person. But I don't want to talk about it now. I hope you don't mind?"
He digested her meaning, then nodded and gave her a brief smile. He was dismissed. His audience with the goddess had been concluded.
He leapt to his feet and casually sauntered away. The brief physical closeness to Aurelia had sent his pulse haywire. Close-up she had looked even more stunning and desirable than at a distance. But she was just as remote and unattainable as before. He imagined some of the pretenders smirking at his apparent banishment.

~*~*~

The next few days passed slowly, with only minor conversational skirmishes with isolated young women. It came to nothing because Alex still carried the scars of playful Rachel, and unrequited desire for that unattainable blonde goddess.
He spent a couple of days with his parents by the pool. They all went on two coach tours, one of which was a mystery tour around the island. It ended up predictably at a touristic retail outlet amongst sand dunes where they were induced to part with good money on over-priced local produce and worthless mementos of their holidays.
Wednesday was the half-way point of the holiday. Alex decided to go back to the beach. He had eschewed lunch in order to swim on an empty stomach. He felt the needed for a good, strenuous swim in the sea to work off his negative humours. The manual clock at the top of the path showed high tide. It was accompanied by a red flag on a pole. A marker board message warned of an exceptionally high tide and risk of being stranded on the beach. Yet those were permissive times and these were nothing more than warnings.
He glanced around him at the leaderless gaggle of youths near the shop. But because of the tide, few people were actually browsing inside it, perhaps preferring to indulge in the afternoon entertainments by the pool. A game of rounders was beginning on the green. It had attracted a noisy crowd of onlookers. Nobody seemed to be taking any interest in him. Aurelia was nowhere to be seen.
The crowd of young adults drifted disconsolately away towards the pool area.
With no one around to challenge him Alex set off down the steep path to the beach. He was almost to the bottom before the beach came fully into view. The water was lapping right up against the cliff edge, completely submerging the sand which could nowhere be seen, so deep was the water. The tides were apparently very high around this coast.
The sea sparkled beguilingly in a beautiful turquoise blue. It must have been close to high tide. The cloudless sky and hot sun thrilled him. These were be ideal conditions for a lazy swim, provided that he kept a watch out for any undercurrents when the tide turned. As he had anticipated the beach was not just deserted, it was non-existent. In his splendid isolation, he felt king of all he surveyed.
The bottom end of the cliff path was lapped by shallow waves. The sea was calm. He draped his towel twice around the handrail to keep it dry, and folded his clothes neatly in a pile on his flip-flops, a little way up the slope. He tested the shallows. The water was deceptively warm and inviting. He stepped down into the shallow water and his feet felt the submerged sand about a foot below the surface. It yielded under his feet with a sensation that reminded him of quicksand. The beguiling blue of the bay enticed him, offering him his own temporarily private paradise. He floated off into the blue of the gently lapping waves. He was at peace.
The sea was at its deceptive best that afternoon. Having it all to himself posed a slight danger if he got into difficulties, because there would be no one to raise the alarm. But misplaced youthful confidence allayed any fears his commonsense might have voiced. The lethargic incoming waves indicated that it was indeed approaching high tide. The water was placid.
A joyful thrill swept through his body as the sea water embraced him. He lay floating on his back, admiring the deep blue sky and the cliffs towering above him. It felt as if he was in his own private water-world. The sensuous motion of the gentle waves caused an erection to build. He revelled in the seductive pleasure of his body floating in his own warm, liquid paradise.
Then he noted with elation that the largest cave was now accessible from the ultra-high water level, which lapped at its outer edge. He swam across to explore it with mounting excitement as the possibility of a rare exploration of its interior presented itself.
Its mouth was about six feet across by eight high, and its floor at the cave edge was level. It might have been carved purposefully out of the cliff face, then worn smooth by generations of high tides. He imagined smugglers in centuries past, hiding their contraband deep in its interior, safe from the Revenue.
He hoisted himself up by his hands onto the ledge and scrambled up onto his feet. Like the cove, the cave interior was crescent shaped, opening out inside to maybe ten feet across and extending back about the same depth. The rock floor near the cave mouth was worn to a marble-like finish from erosion of waves and generations of feet. Sunlight bounced off the sea water and reflected off the glassy surface of the floor. It illuminated the walls with a shimmering light, which reflected back off pieces of quartz embedded in the surfaces. The mysterious aura of that cave took his breath away. It oozed of mystical magic.
A few stones were scattered on the floor but he soon swept them to the borders of wall and floor where they could do his bare feet no harm.
He guessed that the cave had indeed been hollowed out to some extent by human hands, then the floor near the mouth polished by the weather and the sea. Maybe its origin was thousands of years old? The smooth lower walls and floor suggested that it must at times be scoured by waves, perhaps during rough winter storms.
His initial thought was why hadn't the holiday camp exploited it? He answered his own question almost instantly with the realisation that what he was doing at that moment was perhaps quite dangerous. He recalled the warning note under the clock face on the board at the top of the cliff. He could get cut off in here as the sea receded, or dash his head against rocks at the back of the beach as he dived off into shallow water. He would have to watch the tide.
He gazed out at the sea of his own personal kingdom and sighed contentedly. Then he turned his attention to the cave's interior. How many others like him must have discovered it like this, he pondered, and fallen under its spell? The stone floor sloped upwards in a gentle incline away from the mouth of the cave. Further back, the floor was dry. The air in the deeper recesses were cool, a marked contrast to the heat in the outside air. He estimated that the cavern extended back at a standing height perhaps fourteen feet, then losing height to shrink to a small inaccessible passage. The low tunnel at floor level stretched back into the deeper recesses of the cliff. It was far too low and narrow to investigate.
The bright sunshine did not penetrate that far and the rear wall was mostly cast in deep shadows. Illegible scratches at shoulder height bore witness to the possibility of past explorers, or perhaps even smugglers, using it to store their illicit goods to evade the Revenue.
The water level at the lip of the cave had barely altered since he arrived. He estimated that he had about an hour or so before the receding tide would make it too dangerous to dive back into the sea.
His kingdom, his rules, he decided: he slipped off his trunks and laid them out to dry on a raised rock to one side exposed to the sun. The immediate coolness on his damp groin aroused him.
He stood on the cave's outer edge and stared at the sea. The sensation of the sea breeze on his cock and exposed thighs made his member stand out proudly. He looked down at it, highlighted against the emerald green backdrop of the sea lapping against the cliff below. A soft, warm breeze caressed his boner and sent swirling eddies around its sensitive head. It was exhilarating and empowering to be naked.
He turned reluctantly to explore his temporary domain, taking sensual delight in the slapping of his semi-hard cock against his inner thighs as he moved about. He even rocked his hips sideways to accentuate the slaps, then snorted at his ridiculous behaviour.
Images of a naked Rachel filled his mind. He imagined her breasts bouncing as if she were wandering around nakedly before him. He contemplated self-abuse, but practicalities dissuaded him. He I didn't want to leave organic deposits on the floor. Nevertheless, he thrilled at how thick his manhood felt in his fist, and how aroused he was by his palm's grip. The very illicitness of its touch sent pleasurable ripples out through the neck of his shaft into his groin and abdomen.
This wouldn't do. He had to distract his mind from salacious thoughts. He turned to practicalities, to study and attempt to decipher the markings on the cave's rear wall. It took several seconds for his eyes to accustom themselves to the gloom after the glare of the sun at the cave's mouth. Occasional splashes of light danced off the ceiling to bring a semblance of life to this empty cavern. Some scratches on the walls looked like tallies, or 'five-bar gates'. That reinforced his assumption about ancient smugglers.
How would he feel if they suddenly entered the cave now? Would they have climbed up the cliff face or been lowered down from the top on ropes, daggers clenched between bared teeth? His body shuddered at the thought of being caught, naked, and defenceless.
Then that imagined chill morphed into stark terror.
A shadow loomed against the rear wall. Someone or something must be blocking out the sunlight at the cave mouth. Was someone there at the mouth of the cave behind him? His body froze as his imagination ran riot. His naked vulnerability fuelled his terror. He was reluctant to turn for fear that his worst imaginings might be right. He didn't want to face that interloper.
But turn he must. His mind returned to practicalities. If it was one of the beach patrol, how would he explain his nudity?
All these thoughts raced through his mind as he summoned the courage to turn. His body tensed with a fight or flight reflex, though there was nowhere to run. His body trembled with fear.
"Hallo?"
The soft voice startled him. He whirled around, quite forgetting his nakedness. A shadowy figure was indeed standing in the cave mouth. It blocked out much of the sun's rays, but that had the effect of surrounding it in a halo, like an angel. The voice was female, the profile of the body shapely. Was it also naked? His heart raced.
Then his eyes began to accustom themselves to the vision, and to make out details. It was clearly a she, and it had the most wondrous form; a slim shape with pronounced hips which gave this female's outline a delightful hourglass shape. The shadowy form moved to one side and bent down. The female had spotted his drying trunks. She picked them up in her fingers and held them up to examine them.
Her voice was soft and velvety, like soothing words on a gentle breeze, but with a hint of tease. "I see that I've caught you with your pants down." Her voice was cultured and sexy. It echoed around the walls, which gave it a heightened, sensuous quality.
The figure moved towards him, her entrancing outline emphasised by the lack of detail in her appearance. Her arm stretched out to the side, dangling his trunks in her pinched fingertips like an incriminating police exhibit.
The sun caught the top of the arm. He noticed then the fine detail of soft downy, golden hair. His heart skipped a beat. His mind slipped back to that first day, standing behind a stunning feminine body in the clifftop shop. His mood lifted, at the realisation that it was Aurelia standing in front of him, alone and without her entourage.
As the figure approached he could make out more details of her front. It was indeed Aurelia, and she was smiling broadly. Her face radiated pleasure, unlike her previous demeanour. She was wearing a sexy orange bikini with a low slung panty There was more of her divine flesh on show in that dazzling outfit, but it still tantalised by concealing essential elements of her body. She was essentially the clothed female to his male nakedness.
He moved sideways towards the cave wall. She turned to face him, her front now bathed from the side in gentle, reflected sunlight. His heart missed a beat. She was achingly beautiful. That soft light only made her body look more exquisite and captivating. The two triangles covering her breasts revealed enough of her stunning golden orbs to confirm that they were firm and shapely, not needing of support. Her smooth belly begged to be checked out by his hungry eyes which swept down it to her flimsily-clad loins.
Her eyes checked him out thoroughly. Yet they kept returning to his now semi-flaccid cock. He willed her to meet his eyes, by staring hard at her. When she did finally look up she had an expression of awe on her face. Her mouth was slightly open in a 'O' shape. He couldn't maintain her attention on his face for long though, and she quickly dropped her gaze back to his penis. Her hands absent-mindedly massaged her breasts through her bikini top. Her hips began to sway saucily. Too late he understood her ploy. She was teasing his penis. Sure enough, it reared up, predictably, and began to bounce enthusiastically at her provocation.
She gasped, "Ohmigod!" and her mouth dropped open in awe. She hid it behind her hand. He had a sense of déja-vu, although the voice the previous time had been Rachel's.
He stared at her, tongue-tied, waiting for her to move or say something. He felt that as she had invaded his secluded space she must explain herself. He tried to compose a look of enquiry on his face, but his mouth refused to close. With his cock now bouncing with every pulse of his arousal, he felt foolish and exposed. His feverishly aroused brain was mentally endeavouring to strip her of her bikini to try and imagine her naked body. It was failing in its confusion.
He broke the silence. "What are you doing here?"
She started at hearing his voice, as it dragged her back from some reverie.
"You were at the top of the cliff with your towel, acting furtively. I saw you from a secluded area of grass behind some cliff-top bushes. I had gone there to escape my followers, and to sunbathe. I used the cliff-top bushes as cover to creep right up to the rear of the shop. I kept out of your sight until you disappeared below from view down the cliff path, then I set off to follow you down."
She seemed quite proud of herself. She chuckled. " You didn't once look back. I was intrigued. I watched you slip into the sea. I saw you floating on your back, staring up at the cliffs. I'm surprised you didn't spot me. You must have been lost in your own private world. You had dirty boy thoughts: your bulge was pointed skywards."
"You were spying on me?"
"Yes, and it felt good to be a voyeur - like you, I guess. You seemed to be enjoying your solitude so much that I didn't want to disturb it. Then you began to swim out of sight. I reached the bottom of the path and saw you clambering out of the sea into this cave."
"Did anyone see you coming down the path?"
"I don't think so. I don't remember anyone else being around at the cliff-top. - So why are you naked?"
"I thought I wouldn't be found here. This was to be my private place for an hour, to do whatever I wanted. I felt the urge to be naked. But you caught me."
"You don't seem very embarrassed."
"Perhaps a few days ago I would have been, but not now."
"I think I know what you mean. Rachel told me everything, remember? Her Aunt was humiliated by her own drunken stupidity. Rachel was shocked by your reaction. Yes, Rachel told me everything - absolutely everything!"
"You said you were a voyeur, like me."
"I wouldn't say that, but I'm enjoying your dick just at this moment. I've seen you stealing quick glances at me when you thought I wouldn't notice. Men often do that, but not so many have the art of undressing me with their eyes. We women can always tell what a man is thinking."
"I suppose you get that all the time?"
She sighed, "More than my fair share. Other girls never understand why it upsets me. I think they're jealous of me."
"Am I supposed to feel sympathetic?"
"Well, you seemed like that before, on the beach. It would be considerate for you to see it from my point of view. I get harassed all the time, even by strangers. Men in clubs who've had a few drinks, think they can 'cop a feel'. I came back from a school trip to Rome with bruises on my bottom. Can you imagine that? My name's Aurelia, by the way."
"I know. Rachel told me. I'm trying to imagine the location of your bruises. Er, I apologise for that, ahem. What does Aurelia mean?"
"Does it have to mean anything? Well, in fact, it means the golden one. I was born with a profusion of blonde hair. My mother was a Classics scholar and gave me that name. As you can see, she was prescient: people say my blonde hair dazzles, especially for men who want to get inside my knickers."
That sounded so sexy coming from her lips. But then her erudite, southern accent made anything she said sound sexy.
"Well, I'm sure you dazzle those men with your beauty." He was flirting, and he knew that she wouldn't appreciate that, but he didn't care.
Aurelia looked flustered. "I didn't mean to sound boastful. It's been a dreadful nuisance really. Other girls tend to hate me for grabbing men's attention."
Her confusion sent a pang of sympathy through his torso. His body was utterly sensitised to every move she made, and every word she spoke.
"Have you always been beautiful?"
"What an insightful question. Why do you ask?"
"I knew a girl in junior school, Astrid was her name. All the boys admired her for her dainty figure and her looks. I saw her a few years' later. She had grown lanky and unattractive. I felt sorry for her. I wonder if the reverse is equally true?"
"At least she got some peace then. I was a small, thin girl, and shy, too. Then I suddenly blossomed about five years ago. Ever since then I've attracted unwanted attention from boys and grown men, and lost the friendship of most of my old girlfriends. I wished I had gone to an all-girls' school. Maybe, then, I would have had a more normal growing up phase."
"I think you were lucky. I went to an all-boys' catholic school. I was too shy to talk to girls, and never even got the chance at school. So I suppose I'm the exact opposite.
"Why did you follow me?"
She gave him a radiantly unapologetic smile. "You looked lonely when you arrived at the camp that first day. You were unconfident. I was intrigued because you looked perfectly normal yet you didn't show any arrogance. When men are generally pushy, it's nice to see one who isn't. I just knew you would be a considerate soul."
"All that from one sighting?"
"Well, perhaps some wishful thinking, but that's what made you intriguing. I caught you looking at me other times. I liked that. One glance from a man who is worth knowing is worth a hundred glances from others.
That simple statement caused eruptions in his honourable member; a fact that she observed with amusement.
"I was pleased that you paired up with Rachel. I like her. For some reason my interest in you grew when she left. I wanted to see what attracted her to you. I was never going to be able to talk to you in public without being pestered by hangers-on. I'm sorry that I gave you the brush off on the beach. It was a very kind thought, but I didn't want us to be seen talking. You might not believe it, but I prefer to keep my life private."
A suspicion was growing in his brain. "Was Rachel your only friend here?"
Aurelia look puzzled. "No - well, several of the girls spent time with me. Look, I acted on impulse today. I found a quiet place, to be alone; then I saw you. I thought it would be fun to follow you."
"So, are you interested in me?"
"Don't get any ideas. I only wanted to talk to you. I gave you the brush off before. I thought we could speak in private down here in the bay."
"Yet here you are, staring at my erection and making it worse, even. Do you like what you see?"
"I didn't know you would be naked. You weren't when you swam across here."
"OK, so you didn't plan this. But do you like it?"
She stared at it for what felt like an extremely long time. Her hand slipped down to her bikini panty, but she seemed to recoil with embarrassment. "I'm surprised how different you look without those stupid trunks on. Nakedness transforms your body. I like how it makes me feel, looking at it. But I feel uncomfortable about this situation."
"It's responding to you. It likes whatitsees. It likes how you make me feel."
"And how do you feel about me? Do you share your dick's interest in me?"
"I'm just like any other man: attracted by beauty and sexy bodies. But I don't know you."
"Am I sexy?"
"Touch him and find out what he thinks."
She bit her lower lip. She made no attempt to approach him or Alex. She just swung her hips distractedly as she contemplated his suggestion. He could see that she was tempted. Then she edged towards him, warily, her eyes glued all the time to his bouncing organ. Embarrassed she might have been, but she was intrigued. She halted a few inches away, and tentatively reached out a delicate hand. It hovered hesitatingly, millimetres from his pole, her fingers slowly clenching on thin air, as if mentally holding it. Every ounce of his body willed her to touch it. She didn't.
He pushed his hip forward, gently, and it slipped between her wavering fingers. She gulped as she felt it touch her fingers and palm. He felt her slight touch, a tentative exploratory grasp, then a firmer squeeze. A million fireworks exploded in his mind. His libido soared and urged more intensity.
Squeeze it, dammit.
She grasped it tighter and held her breath. Her other hand joined the first on his shaft, the better for her to explore its feel. "It's warm, much warmer than I expected." Her tone was tinged with awe.
"Have you held one before?"
She beamed at the memory. "Yes, my brother's. But not like this. I didn't want to touch it, then. Yours is thick and long, and quite heavy. I can't imagine it inside me."
"I can," he said, softly. "You mentioned your brother?"
She coloured. "Last month, he was maintaining a pool for neighbours who had gone abroad. He invited me along to swim. He was naked but I wore a bikini. We messed about and were having fun. Then he pulled off my bikini top. I scrambled to the shallow end to recover it. He followed and grappled me. I escaped and stepped out of the pool with him chasing me. We were laughing; it was just a game. He caught me. Then I felt his erection hard up against my belly. It hadn't been fully erect up 'til then. I felt the urge to grab it. It interested me. He told me to rub my hand up and down its length. He got more and more agitated and that got me excited, but I didn't want to be sexy with my brother. Then he came in spurts all up my front."
"Was that your first - experience?"
She could no longer look him in the face. It was flushed; she was clearly aroused by the memory. She didn't answer him directly. "He pulled down my panties. He caressed my body. He said my body was beautiful. Of course, I'd always known what he thought. He said my body was sexy. He said he should show me how to use it. I refused - then.
"When we got home I showered. He was in my room when I finished, and he was naked again. He pulled my towel away from my body, and seduced me. I suppose I must have wanted it. I allowed him to do what he wanted. I could have stopped him, but he is very attractive. All the girls chase him.
"That was my second time. I went on the pill after that. Nobody attracted me like Simon, and I never wanted to do it with him again. I think I was vain. I thought no one else was good enough for me. I knew he would never mention to anyone about screwing me. I doubt that other men would have been so discreet."
She had kept hold of his penis whilst she spoke. A gentle thrust of his hips prompted her to grip it tighter.
"So you swore off men, but remained on the pill. You don't seem to mind holding my penis now," he said softly.
His hands slipped to her sides, under her arms. Her hands had begun to move up and down his shaft more determinedly. Her breath was quickening. He cupped her breasts within her bikini top. They felt firm, yet yielding under his fingers. He trembled at the sight of her beautiful face close up, and her exquisite body. The thought struck him that he was actually touching the body of the blonde goddess, which nobody else had allegedly achieved on that holiday.
She gasped at his touch and relaxed her grip on his shaft. She looked up at him again but said nothing. His pulse was racing at this minor achievement. He whispered, "Your breasts are heavier than I expected. They feel so good to touch."
His thumbs flicked over the two prominent protrusions inside the thin fabric. She flinched and gasped. Her nipples were apparently as sensitive as Rachel's. He had an overwhelming desire to expose them. But her hands stayed his as he reached behind her to unclasp the bra.
"You can't - shouldn't."
He heaved a great sigh of disappointment. He wondered whether she really meant that. He knew that a more forceful man would ignore such a stricture and expose them anyway, someone as forceful as her brother. He yearned to maul them, to work himself up to a sexual frenzy, then to gain sexual release.
But his self-control and upbringing held him back.
She stepped back apologetically. Her chest was heaving with heavy breathing. There was a redness on her chest under her tan. She was on fire with lust. She seemed barely able to control herself.
She spoke almost inaudibly. "You can bring yourself, if you want. I don't mind."
"Would you like to watch?"
She pressed her lips firmly together, and nodded vigorously; but it was a reluctant admission.
He grasped his cock in his hand. She stared at it, licking her lips expectantly with her tongue. As he began to coax it with long, gentle strokes she massaged her breasts. She wanted to mirror his mounting arousal.
"Don't - hide your breasts. I want to look at them."
She gave him a devilish grin. "What, even hidden away under my bikini?"
"Even so."
He moved up close to her and took her hands in his. He tugged down on them to coax her to kneel on the polished rock floor. Her face was at eye level with his throbbing member. Her eyes widened with excited anticipation and her breath quickened once more. She stared unblinkingly at his erection as he pointed its shaft upwards and ran his fingers up and down its length. It held her rapt attention. He moved back to get a good look at those half hidden orbs. They were arousingly full and rounded, and they were quivering as she trembled with excitement. Ripples of excitement eddied around his balls and inner thighs. His gradual ascent to a peak of arousal had begun. But he wanted his body to linger on the lower slopes of the curve. He wanted this moment to last.
He watched Aurelia's eyes. They were narrowing as she contemplated her own inner sensations building inside her. He felt sure that she was accompanying him mentally on a parallel journey towards a sensual climax. As his cock was flicked around during his strokes her eyes followed it slavishly, perhaps even hungrily. One of her hands slipped behind the top edge of her bikini bottom and found her clitoris. As he upped his tempo, so her rubbing quickened.
"Do you like what you see?"
She nodded vigorously.
"Would you like to see me come?" Again, she nodded, and her mouth opened.
"Do you want me to come on you?" Her eyes widened at that suggestion, but her head remained motionless.
He had an overwhelming urge to dominate her with his all-consuming climax.
"Lie on your back," he demanded, grunting through gritted teeth.
She looked at him hesitantly, but laid down on the smooth rock floor. He straddled her waist, and resumed his fistings. She stared up wide-eyed at the underside of his cock and balls, and her mouth opened, lips quivering with whatever inner thoughts were stirring her. He moved forward to stand over her face.
"Oh!" she gasped as she stared up at his balls and cock overhead. She quickened her clit rubbing.
"Give it to me, please," she pleaded. She had stopped fisting and was leaning up on her hands. "Make me dirty with your man seed. Cover me with your cum." She had come alive with excitement. She could sense that he was close to an eruption and she began a low moan, which rose in pitch the nearer he got to his climax. He had heard something similar before, with someone else.
Her moans echoed around the cave, heightening the effect.
"I'm coming, I'm coming," he cried as he felt his balls tightening, and a warmth spreading from the neck of his cock. His potent juices were coming to the boil. He felt his scrotum tighten. He bent his knees and lowered his groin to within inches of her face. His hand was now pumping at a quicker, more urgent pace. His whole body was trembling at his exhibitionist behaviour. She was captivated by his low-hanging manhood. He squatted and let his dangling balls bounce off her face: nose, lips and chin.
That energised her and she laughed with delight, but there was a strained look on her face, a concentration on restraint. Her eyes flicked up and down his seam, from his cock to his anal bud. They hovered on his bouncing balls and her tongue hovered at her lips. Then she was gasping too, in synchronisation with his laboured breaths. He wanted to gaze forever at her lovely face as he flaunted his wares to her, but he could hold back no longer. He felt himself coming so he speeded up his fistings and tilted his hips to aim his juices at her breasts. His climax arrived in an explosion of sensations and hot semen, spurting from his cock's head in long streams across her bikini top, belly and face.
She screamed at first with surprise, then simply gasped and gasped, as she felt the heat of his juices liberally splatter her skin. Her eyes rolled up in her head with mirrored ecstasy as her mind processed what her eyes had just witnessed. Watching her reaction prolonged his orgasm, and he kept pumping long after his balls had been drained. There could be no greater masturbatory sight than pumping one's seed onto the body of a stunning woman.
"Ohmigod!" she cried. "That was...something else." After a few seconds pause she whispered, "Thank you. That was quite an experience." Then she giggled.
He was flabbergasted:She was thanking him?
"That was marvellous," she whispered.
"Did you come as well?"
"Yes, before you did."
She got unsteadily to her feet. Then stretched and took a deep breath.
"Time to go," she muttered, half to herself. She picked up his trunks and slipped them up her left arm to her shoulder. She stood facing him with her hands on her hips. Her body looked magnificent in her bikini. Streaks of darker shades of orange spattered her top and panties where his spunk had landed. Streams of translucent, milky white trickled down her face and chest.
"Remember this day," she whispered. "Time to go."
He watched uncomprehendingly as she turned to face the cave opening, raised her arms, and executed a perfect dive into the water. He was stunned. She had taken his trunks with her.
He hadn't got to see her naked body, yet he felt gratified by their encounter.
He would have to swim back to the cliff steps naked. Aurelia was ploughing through the water with languid, easy strokes and was already half way to the cliff path steps. Alex could not swim half as proficiently so had no way of catching her. He took a deep breath and dived into the water.
His cock enjoyed the sensation of freedom from its constraining trunks. His bottom felt the seductive warmth of the sun caressing his cheeks as he stroked his w ay to the cliff path. His first nude swim was one of the most exhilarating experiences of his life.
He raised his head to check on Aurelia's position. She had already towelled off and was putting on her tee shirt. Once respectably clothed, she watched as he neared the steps. Then she picked up his clothes and towel, leaving only his flip flops, and set off up the path.
He panicked, and floundered in the shallow water before he could find his feet and stand up.
Standing on the dry stone jetty, he looked up at Aurelia, already halfway up the slope and disappearing from view behind a rocky overhang. There was nothing for it but to walk up to the cliff top naked and hope not to be caught. His cock slapped against his inner thighs as he laboured up the slope, and was no longer a source of arousal.
He reached the top with his heart pounding. There were people on the games green, concluding the game of rounders. He forced himself not to look at them, but to prioritise finding some cover. Sure enough, as Aurelia had said, there was a line of bushes behind the shop which extended in a mostly unbroken file all the way along the cliff top. He set off at a stoop, hoping to be concealed by the bushes. He heard laughter close by on the other side. He hoped that he was not the cause. Then, close to the end of the line of bushes, there were his clothes and towel in a neat pile.

~*~*~

Thursday
Thursday, the penultimate day of the holiday. It had been a rollercoaster of an emotional ride for Alex. He still hadn't achieved his ultimate objective, but he had got naked with two girls, each stunning in their different ways.
His mother called to him in Reception on their way to breakfast. "Alex, you've got another message."
He felt like a heavy weight had just dropped inside his stomach. Not twice in one week!
It was a beautifully handwritten message. How is it that women generally have such fine handwriting? This note was no exception.
Hi Alex. I can't face the group today. Can we catch the bus into town and explore? Aurelia.
His heart leapt. A whole day with the golden goddess would be just perfect. But where was she? He didn't see her during breakfast, but in that vast dining hall it would be like looking for the proverbial needle in the haystack. By the time the numbers of breakfasters had dwindled and he had still not located her, he left bewildered. He didn't know her chalet number so he couldn't search her out.
The dining hall had two entrances, one off the hotel Reception, and another from the outside. The clubhouse ballroom was beyond it. The usual group of males and females were outside, congregating in dribs and drabs as they did every morning, before deciding what to do with their day. Their shiftless routine jarred now as he watched them. The supposed alpha males were having a noisy discussion, as if something had upset their routine. There was some pushing and shoving as the argument escalated, but it was only mittens-off stuff. Their normal focus of attention was lacking.
Then the group quietened, and parted. Aurelia had arrived, approaching them from behind. A gap opened to receive her. Her arrival caused a stir. This was a couple of years before the film, Grease. Yet the arrival of Olivia Newton John in her tight shiny pants couldn't hold a candle to the impact of Aurelia on that group.
She had dressed in clinging tan suede hot pants and a cream cropped top with a ruched front. It clung around the moulds of her fine breasts and her abdomen. Her bare legs were clad in contrasting light and mid-brown cowgirl boots. There had never been a vision quite like her at that time for Alex. She wore not a trace of make-up, and she did not need it, so fine were her features and her bronzed complexion.
She passed through the groups and advanced on him at a deliberately slow pace. Heads turned to follow her stately progress with a pronounced swing of the hips. Alex cringed when their attention shifted from Aurelia towards him, questioning why she was headed in his direction.
She reached for his hand and kissed him on the cheek. "I've waited many days to do that."
"You packed all that - on the off-chance?"
"Why not? A woman can fantasise. I had been saving some outfits for special occasions, which just didn't happen, until today. Believe me, there's more to come."
The thought of Aurelia having to fantasise about anything astonished him, but perhaps he was viewing her on a pedestal, rather than as a real-to-life young woman.
A rather handsome man that Alex hadn't seen before, approached in her wake. He was not part of her entourage. He passed through the group as if they weren't there. An interesting-looking young woman with body-hugging clothing trailed behind him. He halted a foot or so away from Alex and stared at Aurelia. Alex looked at her questioningly. Was this competition? She shrugged her shoulders and shifted nervously from one foot to the other. He turned his head to stare at Alex, appraisingly. There was something familiar about him Alex couldn't put his finger on. Then the man spoke.
"You're Alex?"
Alex nodded.
"You're going off somewhere with Aurelia?"
Alex nodded again. "Yes."
The man frowned and stared hard before also nodding. "I just wanted to check you out. Take good care of her and bring her back safely."
At that point, the trailing young woman approached him and clung onto his arm proprietorially. She gave Aurelia a killer stare.
Aurelia dragged Alex away, looking back at the man with a meaningful expression, at least an expression of shared meaning between the both of them, if to no one else.
"Your ex?" Alex asked, puzzled as they walked away. Then when she replied he realised why he thought he recognised the man.
"No, he's my brother. He's very protective towards me. He usually doesn't bother to check on my whereabouts when I'm with friends, but when I mentioned that we were going off on our own this morning, he felt it necessary to check you out."
"Do you have to seek his permission?"
"As I said, he's very protective."
"Did I pass muster, then?"
"Who knows, but his questioning was a sort of warning to you. He would recognise you again if any trouble occurred."
She was walking with her arms across her chest, pressing her breasts protectively. That encounter had unsettled her. Her hands were stroking her underarms just below the elbows. It was a distracted gesture. He knew better than to ask more awkward questions.
They caught a bus on the main road, and explored the small nearby seaside town's centre, which didn't take long. Aurelia evidently knew it quite well, so its lack of places of interest would not have been a surprise to her. They bought some sandwiches and drinks and found a small park with formal flower beds, a bandstand, and a children's play area. It wasn't intended as a place for holidaymakers, but for locals. It was a place of mundane normality a world apart from the unreal atmosphere of the holiday camp and tourists.
"You're going to hate me for what I'm about to tell you, but I must be honest with you. Only Simon knows the full story. He's always been protective of me, even before I blossomed. I looked up to him and relied on him. It was a few weeks ago. He knew something was wrong immediately he saw me. I had worked late at a holiday job at the library, until they closed. I should have telephoned home to tell them that I was on my way. I didn't. I was walking along a quiet residential street. A man accosted me near the high walls of a boarded up mansion. He dragged me into the grounds. I was screaming, but the distant traffic noise may have drowned me out. He tried to rape me. Of course I was a virgin. He had half stripped me when a dog off the leash came running through the half-open gate and barked at us. It was dark so I couldn't see its owner at first. He called his dog, and I screamed for his help. My attacker ran off. The owner was a kindly elderly gentleman. He insisted on taking me to a telephone box when I had re-dressed, to call the police. Simon came to collect me because our parents had gone to London to a concert."
She stopped and studied Alex's expression. He tried to maintain an understanding facial expression, whilst quietly seething inside at man's inhumanity to woman.
"Simon took me home. I clung to him, traumatised. I had to wash away the smell and taste of that horrid attacker. I asked Simon to wash my back. It was a stupid ask and he tried to avoid it. But he did it, and we stood naked in the shower together. He was the first man to see me naked as a grown-up. He couldn't cope with the sight of my grown-up body."
Alex was reflecting as she spoke, how similar her experience was to Rachel's. Aurelia was continuing.
"We made love, without any protection. It was all my fault. I had tempted him with my body, but I so wanted his comforting arms around me. The sex was quite natural and enjoyable, but I didn't have an orgasm. I think we were too aware of what we were doing to really enjoy it. At least, I was."
Alex reflected, so the incident at the neighbour's pool was not the first; and both occasions had been with Simon.
"He and I have spoken of that occasion since, many times. Simon was experienced and had known what to do. I didn't. He's highly sexed, like you, but used to getting his way with girls. He realised because of that attack that I was vulnerable, and he started keeping a close eye on me. It was he who suggested that I stick to large groups of girls for my own safety." She laughed nervously at her next statement. "But other girls generally resent me for being the centre of men's attention. So I get isolated, in mixed crowds. That's why I get no comfort from that group of dorks at the camp.
"I mentioned you to him this morning. He warned me off being left alone with you. He said no man could be trusted, because I'm so perfect. He actually said that. Maybe he's right, In a way. " She gave another nervous laugh. Would you have fucked me in the cave yesterday?"
Alex winced at that brutal word. "I can't say what I might have done. I was stunned at just how gorgeous you are. You catching me naked was a shock. I would have done anything you asked, but I don't think I would ever have the courage to take you against your will, or anyone else."
"Always the good catholic? It wouldn't take courage. You don't have an evil bone in your body." Her expression was one of awe. It hit him hard in the stomach, that a beautiful woman could say something so kind to him.
Her compliment was a bit wide of the mark, but he wasn't about to disabuse her. So he went along with the pretence.
"How can you tell?"
"Believe me, some men are easy to read. You're mind isn't exactly an open book - I wouldn't know what you're thinking - but your body language is non-threatening, your manner is gentle and considerate. It makes a girl feel safe. So I took a risk, a big one; following you down to the bay, although I didn't know you were headed for the cave. I wouldn't have clambered up into it if I had felt threatened by you."
"But, Aurelia, I'm not on a par with you, or your brother. No sane woman would look twice at me."
She gave him a playful punch on the arm. "That's a stupid thing to say. You're simply fishing for a compliment, to boost your ego. You might not be my idea of an Adonis, but you are good looking, you have a great cock and you have a very modestly sexy manner."
He couldn't help himself. He burst out laughing at such an unexpectedly off-hand compliment.
"And are you the world's expert on cocks?"
"I hear girls talking about them. Some know what they're talking about; others just exaggerate. I've seen a few, as I said - unwillingly."
"Your story is different from before. How much should I believe?"
She could have got upset, but she simply smiled. "I trust you now, so I've told you the whole truth. I'm ashamed of what I did with my brother. I'm a weak woman but, I gather, not alone with my experience, in what goes on in families."
"And your father?"
"He never attacked me, if that's what you're thinking. He sometimes looks at my body. I think he would like to catch me naked. Now, this conversation has gone far enough. Let's find the cinema. There must be one here."
She stood up and smoothed crumbs from her lap. Alex leapt up and helped dust her down. She grinned. "Any excuse to grope me. Go ahead, brush down my top as well."
He put his hand to her breast, before remembering where they were and looking around anxiously. She pressed her hand on top of his and leant in for a kiss. His hands slipped automatically to her bottom. She pressed herself hard against his groin and his growing erection. All sorts of strange feelings swirled around in his head and lower down. Was this love? He doubted that it could be that, but Aurelia stirred up novel feelings that he needed time to process.
The Rex was showing a double bill including a re-run of the original ofThe Wicker Manwith Edward Woodward. Aurelia winced at the prospect but agreed to endure it with him, a sardonic expression suggesting that she might actually enjoy it.
They sat holding hands like a pair of seasoned lovers. It struck him for the second time that week how delicate were women, and how unreal were holiday romances. People could get serious very quickly in a holiday atmosphere, where they wouldn't dream of doing so in their home environment.
When the Britt Ekland character was exposed on screen Aurelia slipped her hand onto his crotch to check whether he was getting aroused. The actress had a very attractive bottom. It all seemed so cosy and conspiratorial, yet Aurelia was still a complex, unknown entity. She wouldn't be the only stunning beauty he would get to know in life, but her life was already a mass of complications, which might culminate in a celebrated life or a disaster.
They were late back to the camp for dinner and had the waitering staff tut-tutting at their lateness. The dining room was beginning to empty. But the sight of a deeply apologetic and appealing Aurelia melted the hearts of the staff and they quickly served a warmed-up feast to savour, for its sustenance for two apparent young lovers. The staff were dining as well so Alex and Aurelia had to endure their questions as they ate.
Aurelia went to her chalet to change; he to his room. When she re-appeared it was to wow him again in a clinging, silver minidress, above silver heels. Her outfit made her legs look longer, and her thighs more luscious. That glittery fabric took no prisoners, and clung faithfully to her flowing curves across her bust, her hips and bottom. They entered the clubhouse, having run the gamut of some lounging youths outside. Their startled expressions reminded Alec again of Grease, except that Aurelia wasn't Sandy dressed in skin tight shiny pants, but an altogether more sophisticated beauty.
Alex introduced her to his parents. His father's drop-jaw expression was a picture. They all chatted for a while, then Aurelia took Alex over to her parents, sitting with Simon and his girlfriend, Suki. Aurelia's parents were top-drawer stunning; it must have been in the genes; and they were also unfailingly charming. After a jovial conversation, some silent eye gestures and nodding heads prompted Simon to engage Aurelia in conversation whilst her father invited Alex to go outside with him.
It was couched as an invitation but Alex didn't think he had much choice. He sensed trouble, but tried to keep a calm face at this cliché of a talking to by the father, about a young woman he hardly knew.
"Call me Derek," the man suggested.
"There's something going on here and I want to know what it is."
Alex stared at him, uncomprehendingly. He went on.
"Aurelia behaved strangely this evening and it's unsettled her mother. What have you said to her?"
"In what way 'strange'?"
"She was unusually talkative, bright and bubbly. She doesn't normally say much. Did you offer her something to smoke?"
Alex so wanted to laugh out loud at his way-off, ludicrous question. But it wouldn't have helped the situation. So he took a deep breath and chose his words carefully.
"I hardly know Aurelia, but she suggested that we go into town today. I agreed, because it took her out of her situation with all the pestering youths who hang around her. It gave her some space. She needed that, and she trusted me to allow her some peace and quiet away from the camp. Our holidays ends tomorrow. Whatever might have been between us in time won't have time to develop now. We've just found companionship for a few short hours in each other's company. She's a lovely young woman, and a real beauty. You can be proud of her. But she is way above my level."
Derek's face screwed up. Alex thought he might be about to have a coronary. But he was just winding himself up for a big revelation. "Aurelia is a delicate soul. She has been much abused. She thinks a lot of her brother, but her attachment to him is unhealthy. She rejects other boys and resents their attentions."
Did her father know about her liaison with Simon? Derek looked troubled, and as he struggled to find the words to express his inner turmoil about his daughter, Alex thought he saw a mental struggle going on.
"I'll speak straight. Aurelia looks happier these past two days than for I don't know how long. That should be a good sign, but her mind is fragile. She can't cope with the burden of her beauty. Young men pester her and upset her. They intimidate her. I need to protect her. I can't rest unless I know where she is and who she's with. Tell me that you're different."
"I can't comment. I've only just got to know her today. She seems a well-adjusted young woman to me, but she clearly wants her own space to grow in, away from pestering young males, as you put it. All I can say is that I'm not like that. I was taught to respect ladies. I've never pestered her. Perhaps that's why she saw something to like in me that I can't see in myself. She's a precious soul. Whatever she wants in life, I doubt that I could give it to her, but if she wants a few hours of innocent happiness, I'll do my best to oblige her. Maybe you have to trust her judgement a bit more?"
Derek snorted, a sure sign that he had no answer to that. The whole conversation had been a pointless pantomime. It had also left many questions begging about their family's life. They went back inside.
Alex found his parents at a table right next to the dancefloor.
Aurelia joined them. She and Alex weren't what one might call natural dancers. They danced easily together though, then she danced with Alex's Dad, whilst Alex did his best not to flatten the toes of his mother. They kept both sets of parents satisfied that they hadn't totally ignored them or their largesse. And then they went outside, hand in hand.
Her 'admirers' had gone; message finally received and understood. Alex sensed that he may have been the catalyst, and it embarrassed him. He didn't like upsetting people. He didn't feel worthy of Aurelia's attention, let alone her affections. A few girls stood around talking, and they approached the couple animatedly. Alex could see now that Aurelia was truly a goddess in their eyes. They seized the opportunity to chat, in the absence of other youths around her. Alex was ignored. He stood back and mused on how quickly situations can change. The loss of her retinue had encouraged other girls to approach her at last. They appeared to worship her. It all seemed so improbable, although young women can often be overly demonstrative.
She extricated herself diplomatically after a decent interval, then announced, "Let's walk."
"Where?"
"In the dark."
"That sky looks threatening."
"Nothing can spoil my mood this evening. Let's live dangerously."
They sauntered aimlessly, engrossed in a proper conversation, about families, friends, nuisance others, and sundry other topics; seemingly anything but about her beauty or sex. Alex didn't mind. He was just happy to be in her company. She felt special, too precious to be upset by thoughtless words or actions. Despite her possible demons, when in her own world she radiated serenity, peace and vitality. He mused on the paradox of her exquisite exterior and her troubled mind.
Later, at university, Alex would reflect on the memories of their few days together, which would feel unreal in his memory. An impossible interlude in his search for a companion for life.
She was stunningly attractive in her clinging silver outfit that evening. No other woman quite had that effect on him again.
They passed beyond the games green and through a gap in a tall hedge, onto the bowling green - notoriously the daytime preserve of elderly campers. It was all but dark, the gloom relieved only by a solitary light beside a shelter the other side of the rink. The sky was so dark that Alex had not noticed a dense cloud layer that darkened the sky, that is until the first spots of rain began to fall.
At first, Aurelia panicked. Living dangerously did not extend to ruining her hair, it seemed. And as for her silver minidress, she was convinced that it would be soaked and ruined. Alex chuckled at their shared plight and said, "Well, there's nothing to be done, and we're getting wet regardless. Let's head for that shelter over there."
She turned and stared at him. He had put it into perspective. Her eyes widened and she was smiling. She didn't make any move to escape the shower. She raised her palms upwards towards the sky and felt the first drops splash on them, quickly followed by a shower, then a deluge. She flung her arms around his neck and pushed her body against his. It was as if she wanted to share this experience intimately with him. It wasn't intended to be a sexual gesture, but when she encountered his sudden hard-on she leant her head backwards to study his face. He tried to look innocent despite the damning evidence at his crotch. He felt her thighs part to allow his bulge to press into the gap. Her dress was so tight that it prevented his bulge from pressing against her mound. She stared at him again, in that curiously questioning way women have, of looking at a man from close quarters, switching from one eye to the other.
"I must look like a drowned rat. You don't care how I look, do you?. Does anyone, really?"
Their foreheads had come together. They could hear each other well enough above the roar of the rain.
"Do people care how you look? An impossible question. You're a natural beauty. Once seen, I guess people will always want you to look your best. There's no getting away from that. It's what I first noticed about you. It's a unique sort of beauty that makes men want to put you on a pedestal; you know that. They expect you always to be beautiful, to feed their fantasies. It might even spoil it if you were all messed up..."
The heavens had opened and the downpour roared. She had to shout to continue the conversation.. "Ialwayswant to look my best. But it won't matter now!"
She laughed with gay abandon at the rain wreaking havoc in her hair, and to her glittery dress.
The rain is no respecter of vanity, and it had chosen to unleash its utmost ferocity on them. In moments they were both drenched, and about sixty metres away from the shelter. Aurelia shrieked and looked down disappointedly at her dress top, which was clinging to her bust and revealing the outline of her bra beneath the thin material. Alex welcomed the deluge because it curtailed their discussion.
The stunning Aurelia no longer looked so perfect, now resembling that drowned rat.
Despite the deluge, the air was humid. It made Alex light-headed. He pulled off his shirt and started an impromptu rain dance; native American he was not. Aurelia saw it and laughed hysterically. She applauded and clapped her hand against her mouth in a clichéd native American ululation.
Alex felt the overwhelming urge to do whatever he wanted. He kicked off his sandals and undid his flies. His trousers and pants came off in one concerted push. He was naked again, dancing in the rain. Aurelia's eyes lit up, and she applauded his daring. She made no bones about staring at his crazily leaping and swooping cock, which was suddenly bone hard with its unexpected freedom in the moist night air. Her hips began to swing to an imagined melody.
Then she shrieked with exhilaration and struggled out of her tight dress. Her knickers followed. They were sensible ones that would not show a panty line. She had clearly not planned for any sexy encounter that evening. Alex stared with astonishment at her sudden desire to get naked. He had finally got his wish. The rain confounded her and she struggled to get a grip on the wet clasp of her bra. She turned to him for help. He faced her and unsnapped the bra clasp with a single twist of his fingers. She mouthed her appreciation, "How did you do that?" It seemed to surprise her more than when he had shed his clothes.
His delightful, beautiful, desirable blonde goddess was suddenly naked. More to the point she was energised by the rain into performing a sensual rain dance which made her skin gleam, and highlit her wonderful curves. He stood spellbound, admiring her astonishing body gyrations, and the wanton shaking of her breasts. Then she paused and broke into a hip shimmying motion that displayed her naked loins with pride.
Alex danced his way behind her to get a good look her bottom in the light of that distant lamp. Her body's astonishing sexiness resurrected his total erection. He pushed his hands under her arms to clasp her breasts. That prompted her to make her shimmying more pronounced and she pushed her bottom hard against his groin. They were both thoroughly turned on now.
The feel of those firm but yielding, rounded breasts sent a frisson of excitement through his body. His mind was getting used to the fact that Aurelia was naked in front of him.
She giggled at his clumsy gropings, but did not object. She swung her hips, sweeping her bottom cheeks back and forth across his horizontal shaft. It was rock hard from the devastating motions of her tantalising bottom.
She pulled away from him to gyrate her hips and offer him the best possible view of her sublime figure. He was speechless at how just much better her breasts looked without a bra than with. Most women's busts might go haywire without support. But a body as young, nubile and perfect as Aurelia's could only look better for not being hidden by clothes.
The distant reflected light made her stunning flesh shine. She howled like a she-wolf with exhilaration at her abandonment of all propriety. A thought struck him that she looked like an erotic table or go-go dancer on speed. But she was gyrating her body for the sheer pleasure of feeling the warm rain on her nakedly unadorned flesh.
He pulled her back against his body again, pressing her bottom against his groin. The contact of yielding flesh on erectness sent a thrill chasing around his body. She became still. She turned and pressed her breasts against his chest and her thighs against his groin. She clamped his thick shaft between her thighs. Her hips pistoned backwards and forwards as if to masturbate his cock between her upper legs. Her prolonging of his arousal was making his head swim with erotic delirium.
He felt her fingers holding the shaft of his cock body up against her vulval lips and clitoris. He felt her body shudder with her pussy's own reaction to her squirming and thrustings. She was masturbating herself on his shaft. He could not believe that this was the same woman who had denied his cock entry in the cave. Was this creature finally succumbing to sexual abandonment?
He turned her round and kissed her passionately and felt her whole body respond. She wanted that intimacy, and more. He wanted it too, but he wanted it to last forever. He would willingly have remained in suspended animation simply feeling this aroused state, knowing what was surely still to come.
The rain was easing but water was puddling on the ground. Their feet were splashing and spattering their lower limbs with mud. They whirled in a frenzied embrace, consuming each other's passion like a drug. His body was quivering with its expectation that it was about to experience the ultimate pleasure.
He sank to the ground and tugged her by her hands down on top of him. She was laughing maniacally. The muddy ground water splashed up around them. They were both delirious with passion and arousal. He rolled her onto her back. She stared up at him unblinkingly. What thoughts were chasing through her mind? Her body stiffened as she felt his fingers invade her vagina. Her eyes grew big and round with alarm. The moment of truth was upon her.
He no longer felt nervous or diffident about penetrating her and transporting them both to nirvana. Now that he knew that she was not a virgin, he wanted to possess and own that glorious body with every means possible.
He kissed her, and she responded again. Her hips squirmed under him as she reacted to his intimately exploring fingers. Her hips pushed up from the grass and rotated in a circular motion, to maximise the friction of his fingers against her vaginal wall. The fleshy skin between his thumb and forefinger pressed hard up against her clitoris. Her body shuddered, and her tremors transmitted their way up his arm. He paused and leant up on his hands to admire her body from above. He wanted to yell out loud with sheer joy and delight at her flat stomach and upstanding, quivering breasts.
Her eyes were wild with excitement. It was now or never.
He knelt between her spread thighs and positioned his cock at her vulval opening. He bowed his head to find a nipple with his lips and tongue. Her body froze at the twin assaults. Reality was dawning. She pushed up against his shoulders and twisted her hips sideways.
"No, you can't do this!"
He stared down at her uncomprehendingly. His body was on fire with arousal and expectations of full-on, unremitting sex. He knew that she was no longer a virgin. Her brother had prepared her for this. He needed this, as a quantum leap in his sexual development.
He didn't believe her denial. He had to test her resolve. He pressed his cock's bulbous head home the first inch or so inside her overheated opening. He could feel her body heat radiating from her orifice. He was convinced that she wanted it as much as he. Yet he couldn't bring himself to force his cock any further inside her without her consent. He paused, uncertain how to proceed from there.
She sensed his hesitation and grimaced at him with a triumphal expression of victory. She knew he was frozen by his dilemma. Gritting her teeth she summoned all her energy to push him off her body. He rolled onto his back, stupefied, admitting defeat. But he was on heat and he wondered how he could cope now without full sexual gratification. His cock was sensing ultimate disappointment. For the first time, his sheer arousal made it ache with all the accumulated sperm that had nowhere to go.
She rolled on top of him and gritted her teeth as she roared, "I'm in control."
He had misread her signals. She knelt astride him, her knees either side of his waist. She seized his cock and spoke through gritted teeth. "This is my body. My sex is on my terms. I'm no man's fuck buddy. I'm claiming your cock for my plaything. I'm going to rub it raw with my pussy muscles. I'm going to drive you mad with my lust."
Her eyes were on fire. She was rubbing her fingers up and down his shaft. Her groin was pressed against his tackle and she ran her vulval cleft across his balls, and up and down the underside of his pole. She seemed to derive considerable pleasure from those final teasing movements. He begged mentally that she would end her teasing and mount him. He tried to hold on.
She glared at him defiantly, whether her stand was against him or against men in general, he could not be sure. His eyes rose to her breasts which were gently bouncing up and down with her teasing hip movements. Her whole body seemed to be aroused and energised.
"Fuck me," he pleaded through gritted teeth. "Mount me and ride me like an avenging angel. Squeeze my cock with your vagina's grip. Milk me. Make me come" He matched the emphasis of his words with accompanying hip thrusts.
She grinned maniacally at his feeble words. Her brow furrowed. She was concentrating on her own internal sensations. The tension of her fingers slackened. She raised her hips. The head of his cock slipped opportunely against her pussy opening. She paused, studying the sensation of its bulbous shape against her pussy lips. With a violent upthrust he pushed it home, high up inside her. She screamed and gritted her teeth and bucked her hips. He gripped her hands and held her upright torso down on his impaled shaft s that she could feel the full effect of his thick shaft deep inside her. He pulled back on his hips then thrust again, pounding his pubic bone up against her exposed clit. She howled this time as sensations surged through her belly and groin. Then her body surrendered its resistance and she began to ride his cock in synchronisation with his upward thrusts. He had tamed her belligerence.
He rolled her sideways off him and knelt between her thighs. Now he was in control. He pounded her cunt for all it was worth. She glared at him with feverish concentration and matched his thrusts. He drank in the impossible beauty of her exquisite features as he withdrew his full length then plunged it down inside her again and again. His loins were rapidly warming. The tingling sensation heralded the rapid onrush of an orgasm. He had to carry her with him but she seemed to be fighting it. He took his upper body weight on one hand and reached for a breast and massaged it firmly. He twirled the nipple between finger and thumb. She gasped as different pulses seemed to connect her chest with her vagina. She surrendered herself at last and gripped his arms urgently. She began a long moan on a continuously rising cadence. The louder and higher it went, the quicker he pumped her loins. Her bottom lifted from the ground in search of the best angle between their loins.
Her orgasm hit her like a tidal wave. She cried out, arched her back, and her body went rigid. That was his signal to let himself go and splatter her insides with his spunk. His mind flew skywards with sheer exaltation at the explosion of his climax. The first wave of orgasm was followed by a second, then another.
Aurelia gritted her teeth. Her face reddened and her features strained as she too experienced wave after wave of climaxes throughout her abdomen. He continued to press the neck of his cock against her clitoral area for as long as she continued to moan. Only when she relaxed her body did he relax. His satiated cock shrank and slipped out.
He rolled onto his back and pulled her on top of him. He hugged her passionately as waves of emotions swept through him like aftershocks of a volcano. He felt immense gratitude that she had allowed him to witness her full unclothed beauty, and the pleasure of her loins. At that moment, nothing and nobody else mattered but Aurelia. His blonde goddess.
She dropped her head and kissed him. She raised it and studied his face. "You naughty man. You broke my resistance. That was incredible. Thank you."
She rolled over on to her back and they lay side by side, hand in hand, looking up at the stars.
Aurelia noticed it first. "Look, it's stopped raining."
"Are you cross with me?"
She rolled in towards him and looked him fully in the eyes. "No. Never. That was perfect. You are a good lover."
"Do you regret it?"
She cocked her head sideways and considered that question. When she replied her voice was soft.. "Not now. I didn't think I would allow any man to ravage me."
"You mean that no man is worthy?"
"No, not that. I didn't think that any man could care enough about me to ignore my body and look into my soul."
"And....?"
"We had a lovely day together. I never felt at any moment that you were flirting with me. In some ways, it was a perfect day; relaxed, undemanding, flowing seamlessly from one pleasant interlude to the next."
"Even the Wicker Man?"
She chuckled. "Perhaps that was a weird indulgence."
"And tomorrow?"
Her mood seemed to change. "I'm committed tomorrow, in the daytime - with a friend. Maybe I'll come and find you in the evening."
"Are you going out of the camp?"
"Yes, but I can't say any more. So this may be our last time together on this holiday. It's been a very strange fortnight, mostly frightful, but coming together in the end."
"I'm sorry to hear that. I will keenly feel your absence tomorrow. Shall I see you after?"
"I'm off to Paris, to the Sorbonne. My family are furious, but I put my foot down."
"Isn't that a hotbed of radicalism?"
"That was in 1968. It's calmed down since then. I was lucky to get a place there. Daddy's paying, of course."
"No doubt your stunning beauty did you no harm?"
"Stop it. See me for what I am -"
"Which is?"
"Clever, sophisticated, educated, ambitious -"
"Killer body, charms to seduce a monk."
"OK, a girl has to capitalise on her assets as well. Do you mind?"
"What can I say? Not in the least. I couldn't have dreamt of a better climax to my holiday than making love to you."
"Was it love?"
"Yes, why not? It may have been transitory, two souls merging in mutual gratification for a single night, but I will never forget these feelings."
"Do you know what? Nor will I. This has been special and it's expunged the ghosts of my brother's lust."
"Let's go for a skinny dip, to rinse the mud off our bodies."
A warm breeze had sprung up, though it felt cooling against their still damp bodies. They walked hand in hand in the clearing night sky and the gentle glow of the moon in its first quarter, along the edge of the green towards the cliff path. They carried their clothes and footwear in their free hands.
"Do you think anyone else has the same idea?"
"Probably, most nights, but I doubt it this evening, after all that rain."
The sand was cold and compacted underfoot. But the calm sea was sublimely warm and gentle. They swam, and trod water, embracing. They floated on their backs looking up at the stars.
Alex broke the silence. "Somewhere up there is the Heart Nebula. It looks like two swooping wings and resembles the shape of a heart."
Aurelia sighed. "I don't need to look up at the stars to feel romantic. Can we stay in this timeless space forever?"
But they had to sleep. They walked up the cliff path totally naked, not caring who might see them. The air was fresh with the drying breeze. They dressed in their damp garments and walked hand in hand towards the hotel.
"This is where we part company," he said. My room's upstairs."
"So's mine," Aurelia rejoined. "I moved into an empty room up that other staircase, to give my brother space with his girlfriend."
The bittersweet thought of her sleeping so close to him dripped with misspent days and hours of loneliness.
They embraced one last time in the foyer, then went their separate ways to their separate wings.

~*~*~

Last Day
Friday was Alex's last day, and Aurelia's too. It was fitting that they passed each other on the way to and from breakfast. She gave him a quick peck on the lips in the Reception, and was gone.
The day took an eternity to spin its way through its cycle. With Aurelia gone, he just wanted the holiday to be over so that he could go home and re-live his many pleasant memories of two beautiful and sexy women. Time with his parents by the pool did little to speed its passing. The day felt like an anti-climax.
He lay on a lounger and marvelled in his mind at the remarkable similarities between Rachel and Aurelia. They both had had unsettling experiences with their randy brothers, their bodies were highly sensitive to the touch, and they even moaned in similar ways when they climaxed
The evening meal was a desultory affair, his parents taking note of his wordless sojourn.
The entertainment in the ballroom passed him by largely unnoticed, until he was roped in to be the MC's stooge.
A scantily-clad dancer tugged at him to come out onto the ballroom floor to take part in a crazy charade. He didn't want to seem a bad sport, so reluctantly agreed.
The compère explained that he was to be a baby having his nappy changed. The dancer sat on a chair and was supplied with the necessary accoutrements, including a huge nappy, an out-sized stunt safety pin, and talcum powder. The compère kept up a witty commentary which had the audience in fits of laughter. Alex tried to act the part even to putting his thumb in his mouth. The MC took exception to that, giving him a theatrical slap and saying, "I'll do the jokes, if you don't mind.".
The young woman had to mime removing his nappy and mimic washing his bottom. The routine was well worked and had the audience rolling around in continuous laughter. Alex was sprawled across the young dancer's lap on his stomach. He could feel her hot thighs against his abdomen.
As she powdered his trousered bottom he became the butt of the MC's jokes. He leant in to whisper in Alex's ear, then satisfied, proceeded to remove Alex's trousers. He lay on the dancer's lap now in his underpants. She busied herself , leaning over him frequently. Her fulsome breasts beneath her sequinned costume pressed against his ear and shoulder.
At one point she wriggled her legs, as if to get more comfortable. It shifted his prostrate body so that his groin now rested downwards between her thighs. She pushed her hips forward on the chair. He could not see whatever gesture she used to indicate her discomfiture to the audience, but it made them laugh. It also brought his bulge in contact with her pubic region. He felt her hips bouncing, pushing her loin against his bulge. His cock sprang into life. He could only assume she was squirming and humping him to maximise the contact. The MC made a lewd comment for the benefit of the grownups. The precocious virility of the baby was clearly part of the script. The audience laughed uproariously at the compère's comments and what they imagined was being mimed. Alex's senses felt anything but part of a mime.
The game ended abruptly and Alex was shoved off the young lady's lap. He sprawled in ungainly fashion on the dancefloor then stood up, wearing the outsized nappy. His erection must have been plain for many to see. The ballroom erupted with renewed bawdy laughter. He acknowledged the acclamation sheepishly and headed to the Gents with his trousers and sandals in his hand.
When he returned to the table his mother showed that she had enjoyed the sketch. He finished his drink sheepishly then made a discreet exit from the building, remnants of the talcum powder showing on his trousers.
He stood outside in the quiet, empty solitude and pondered on his slide from the sublime to the ridiculous.
A voice brought him to his senses. "I hope you weren't too embarrassed in there? I couldn't help noticing that you were, er, distracted."
It was the dancer, now sporting a mid-thigh dressing gown and long, bare legs. She must have shed her stage outfit at the speed of sound. If he had left the area a minute earlier she would have missed him.
"I felt your, er, interest in me. Would you like to go somewhere? I have an hour before we leave."
He stared at her dumbfounded. Was the world going mad? Life had seemed quite stable when he arrived at the camp six days ago. Yet it had gradually gone crazy with inexplicable events which had turned his world upside down. How had he suddenly become a babe magnet when a week ago he couldn't even find a girlfriend?
He looked at the dancer. She was young, perhaps a tad older than him. She was pretty but wearing too much stage make-up. And she wasn't a patch on Aurelia, or Rachel. She was continuing to speak. "I really would like to repay you for your good sportsmanship. They won't mind me disappearing."
He focused his attention on her, in time to watch her open up her dressing gown to reveal her naked body inside. A few days ago, that would have been his dream. But he was experienced now, and it did nothing for him. "Excuse me," he muttered, "I don't feel well."
He staggered away, his cock and his libido shouting at him for passing up an opportunity for an easy lay. But he wasn't about to start shagging every young woman that made herself available.
He went for a walk, to the games green. A cursory glance back at the camp behind him made him pause in surprise. Away to the right was Rachel's deluxe chalet block. The far end chalet, lately occupied by her and her Aunt Penny, had its room light on. It was unlikely that the camp had let it to new residents mid-week. But surely she and her aunt had flown off the island days ago? He felt the urge to investigate.
He approached the chalet stealthily, keeping his ears pinned for any sounds to explain the mystery. He could hear muffled conversations and occasional laughter as he neared the door. The chalet curtains were fully closed this time so he could not spy on the interior. He debated whether he should knock on the door, but that seemed like an intrusion. So he stood outside, uncertain of what to do.
He stiffened as he heard the door being opened. Someone was coming out. Panicking, he slipped around to the side wall. There was nothing but unlit grass beyond the chalet block so it was highly unlikely that anyone could see him there. The door closed again. He peered around the corner.
Walking away from him was Rachel, wearing a short kimono. Her delightful hips were outlined by the thin, silky material. The garment hung to mid-thigh and made her legs look very enticing. Where could she be going dressed like that?
Once she had turned at the far end of the block towards the centre of the camp, Alex raced after her. By the time he reached the other corner of the block she was passing in front of the hotel entrance. She entered the clubhouse. He dashed for it so as not to lose her in the crowd. The disco was in full swing and the lights were turned down low in the seating areas. Nobody seemed to notice her attire walking in the relative shadows. A few minutes later she came back out clutching a bottle of alcohol. He hid from her line of sight. He guessed that she was heading back to the chalet, and a plan developed in his head.
He went through the Reception, plucking a sturdy business card for a taxi from the noticeboard. He had seen a trick portrayed in a movie. He hoped it would work now. Rachel had a head start on him but she was walking at normal pace. With his heart pounding and his adrenalin rushing he sprinted behind the de luxe chalet block to the far corner to overtake her. He waited breathlessly with pounding heart until he heard the unlocking of the chalet door. With the side edge of the card bent at right angles he moved round the corner as the door slowly closed on its spring. He pushed the bent edge of the card between the door and frame. The door closed into the frame but the tongue of the lock did not engage with the strike plate. That was lucky - for him.
He heaved a sigh of relief that his plan had worked, thus far. The next bit was trickier: plucking up the courage to push open the door and enter to who knows what reception. He stood outside, indecisively summoning up the courage even to make a decision. Muffled sounds came from inside but he could not make them out. It seemed most probable that Rachel had taken a lover in there. It certainly was highly unlikely that it was her Aunt Penny, though he had no clue where that woman could be. So how would it play out if he barged in?
The more he pondered alternative scenarios, the more worked up he became. He had thought he had something good going with Rachel. Ok, so he had achieved his ambition with Aurelia instead, yet he still had unfinished business with the busty brunette, and that saucy dancer had woken his libido again. The sight of Rachel's rear thighs under that short kimono had made his pulse race and his cock twitch. He heard a muffled gasp. That transformed his indecision into action. He pushed open the door. But he did it quietly.
Music was playing from a radio inset into one bedside table. Illumination was coming from a lamp on the desk near the window. Lit from the side was a body he recognised, or at least its bottom, the cheeks stretched taut as it rocked back and forwards on its owner's knees. That bottom was Rachel's and she was leaning over what was clearly the legs of another female. He guessed from Rachel's body motion and her position, that she was kissing or sucking the other woman's pussy. Soft moans emerged from the other female. He couldn't see any more details from his vantage point near the door.
He watched for several seconds, debating whether to withdraw, since the two were engrossed. He hadn't yet been detected. He had no right to barge in on Rachel, nor to challenge her choice of partner.
Still, he took a deep breath then said, "Rachel!"
The body on top froze, then reared up, the head turning to look in his direction. A flurry of movements led to the other female hastily pulling two pillows against her head and upper body to cover herself. His intrusion wasn't welcomed. Still, what should he expect?
Rachel was staring at him her mouth wide open with surprise. After several seconds pregnant pause she spoke. "Alex, what are you doing here? How -?"
"I saw you outside. I'm as surprised as you are."
She looked past him at the door. He realised it was ajar. He turned and removed the card stub and closed it. The other woman had taken that opportunity to flee into the bathroom.
"How did you get in?"
"A trick I got from a movie."
"Go outside, I'll follow you out, I promise."
He left, suitably chastened by her subdued reaction.
She came out a couple of minutes later in her kimono, putting the lock on the latch and pulling the door closed.
They stood facing each other. She looked on edge. He started to speak, then thought better of it. He waited for her to say something.
"I'm sorry I left as I did. Aunt Penny was humiliated and insisted on going early the next morning. We got a taxi which took us to a hotel, a posh one, of course."
"So you didn't fly home?"
She looked puzzled. "I didn't say that in my note. Anyway, how would we get a flight without reservations? Did you miss me?"
"Of course I did. I had high hopes for us. I thought we were on the verge of something special. I -"
She leant up and kissed him, to stop him talking. He pulled her towards him and they embraced. Her naked body beneath the kimono felt good. At first she merely kissed him, then began to respond more earnestly. She could feel his erection expanding in his trousers.
"I can tell how much you missed me," she murmured. "Come in, have a drink."
"But -"
She put her finger to his lips as she had done once before, took his hand and pushed open the door. They entered, he taking care to engage the lock and ensure that it fully engaged that time. The bed was empty. Her companion must still be in the bathroom. She certainly hadn't passed by him and left.
"Won't -" He wanted to ask whether the 'other woman' would object to him being in the bedroom.
Again, Rachel forestalled any comment or question. She kissed him again, then turned her back on him and slipped off the kimono. He groaned with desire at the fresh sight of her gorgeous young body. She dinked her knees to make her hips rock, giggling saucily. She looked back over her shoulder at him. "Care to disrobe. She won't mind, in fact she recommends you highly."
He was naked before he had fully digested that comment. Her companion must have been listening because the bathroom door opened, and Aurelia peeped out. Their eyes locked, unspoken questions flowing in both directions. Then Aurelia opened the door wide and came out, also completely naked. Rachel headed over to stand beside her and they faced him, giggling, with their arms around each other's waist. He ravished both their bodies with his hungry eyes. Rachel was shapelier than Aurelia, but the blonde's body was the more alluring with everything in perfect proportion to the rest. It was Rachel's sumptuous breasts which were provoking his cock into renewed vigour though.
As he approached them, both their eyes locked on his bouncing cock. He pushed between them and slipped an arm around a waist of each of them, and pulled them into a huddle. He kissed each of them in turn. Their warm bodies sent pulses of desire shooting around his nervous system.
"Come to the bed," said Rachel. "I - we - have some explaining to do."
"OK, but you'd both better cover up those glorious bodies, or I won't be able to concentrate on what you have to tell me."
They slipped under the top sheet and sat leaning their backs to the headboard, the outline of their breasts bulging out from the top sheet distractingly. Aurelia reached for the bottle of vodka. "Fetch a glass from the bathroom," she commanded.
He brought it back to the bed and accepted a generous measure of alcohol. There was a carton of orange juice on hand to add variety to the flavour.
"So," Rachel began, "my aunt booked us into a hotel. I thought she had cancelled our reservation here, but I forgot to hand in my key in our haste to depart. Aunt Penny left hers in the chalet. I returned the next day to hand my key back. The receptionist was surprised that we had left, and said the room was still ours for the rest of the week. That was just as well because yesterday, Aunt became difficult. She had hardly spoken until then, but she asked me to make myself scarce, so I came back here for the night. I'm led to believe that you two were cavorting in the rain on the bowling green at the time.
"I went to Aurelia's room before breakfast and explained what had happened. Aunt Penny seems to be going through a mental breakdown. Aurelia has an interest in psychology and is going to study it in Paris, so I sought her advice. She went to find you and make some excuse for not seeing you. She waited for some time in Reception for you to appear. For that I'm very grateful."
He stole a glance at Aurelia, who was smiling. She took over the story.
"Rache and I became friendly last week. We didn't mind not finding suitable men because we enjoyed each other's company. So much so that we discovered that we enjoyed each other's bodies as well. Rachel made the first approach, but I didn't need much enticing. That seemed to be our solution to being man-less. I thought it was safer, too. Then you arrived on Saturday. Rachel went off after you."
Rachel harrumphed ironically. "Yes, and it made you interested in him! I was so humiliated by my aunt's scandalous behaviour in front of you, Alex, but even more humiliated by you orgasming to her nude cavorting. When she insisted on leaving, I agreed. I didn't want to see you again, but I missed Aurelia's company. She came to see me the next day in the hotel. We spent the day together, there by the pool. Aunt Penny was moping and becoming withdrawn.
"I tried to buck her up but she resented me. We had heated words. I hadn't forgiven her for her behaviour. Last night she asked me to come back here to give her privacy. I arranged to meet up with Aurelia. And now you've found us."
"May I ask what you've both been up to?"
As if he couldn't guess!
"Not as much as you might think. We shaved each other this evening, but were having trouble getting off. Aurelia was comfortable anyway because she'd had her fling yesterday, with some dick on the bowling rink. But I'm as horny as hell. So your arrival is timely."
She ended her speech with a broad smirk on her face. He stared hard at her, gauging whether or not she was serious. Then he glanced at Aurelia. She looked sheepish but she supported her friend.
"Rachel needs to get laid. She needs to lose her virginity. You're the ideal man to do it. You come with the highest recommendation."
"And you?"
She lowered her voice, looking even more sheepish. "I'd...like to watch, if that's OK with you? I'm sure Rachel won't mind. And I'm sure you won't mind my nubile body as decoration."
The girls both laughed at that and kissed. Alex hadn't considered how he felt about lesbians, but that kiss had a powerful effect on his cock. It realised that it wanted both of them - together.
Rachel's face was a picture of indecision. She obviously hadn't considered having an audience for sex, even if it was her new best friend. She reached for her glass and took a gulp, then replaced it on the bedside table with studied care. Aurelia pushed down the sheet to expose both their upper bodies. She leant across and stroked Rachel's breasts.
Alex's cock went ballistic at the sexy sight of a delicate female hand on another's breast. His crazy week just got even more so.
Rachel responded to her friend's caresses by sliding down the bed under Aurelia, pushing down the sheet as she went, and arching her back. He watched enthralled as Aurelia's golden hair flowed over Rachel's face. Brunette and blonde colours merged, making his cock twitch.
They kissed, their hands caressing each other's bodies. Alex pulled the sheet completely off their bodies. That appeared to be the signal for their limbs to intertwine. Both bodies seemed to move onto autopilot into a clinch they had rehearsed before. He needed to fulfil another ambition, pumping a pussy whilst staring at a female bottom. He suspected that he could manage that and leave scope for more pleasuring. So when Aurelia moved onto her knees over Rachel, he fingered the blonde's pussy from behind between her cheeks. She paused her ministrations of Rachel momentarily, then resumed, pushing her bottom upwards at a more obscene angle. His cock slid inside her with some difficulty, but she was lubricated enough to receive it all the way to the hilt. She gave out a muffled moan of temporary discomfort at this initial doggy-style invasion. Yet she continued to kiss Rachel, her free hand now working one of Rachel's nipples into an erection.
Alex's simmering arousal began to accelerate. He had to control himself. He had not expected Aurelia's tight vagina reached from behind, to be quite so instantly stimulating. When he tried to control orgasms in the past when masturbating, he had succeeded to the point that he lost his erection. That couldn't be allowed to happen there, not with such a divinely pert bottom pointing up at him.
His challenge would be not to discharge his load prematurely. He settled into an easy rhythm, whilst gorging his eyes on those perfect cheeks and Aurelia's lovely back. A lean of his head to one side allowed him to admire her suspended tits rocking slowly to the rhythm of his thrustings. She slipped a hand under her to locate Rachel's vagina and began playing with it. Rachel squirmed with pleasure and rocked her hips.
Alex could feel his sap rising. He accelerated his poundings, ready to pull out if he felt himself climaxing too soon. Aurelia's body responded immediately to his urgently heaving hips. She began her moaning ascent towards a crescendo. Alex force himself to shut out from his hearing that seductive sound of her approaching a pinnacle of arousal, until her loud gasp signalled her climax. The intensity of her sensations made her cry out with surprise and delight. It was no wonder, if she hadn't been fucked doggy-style before.
She slipped off Rachel and rolled onto her back, in some shock, clasping her pussy with her hand whilst her orgasms subsided.
Rachel stared up at Alex in surprise. Astonished that he had fucked her friend with her underneath, and stunned by the ferocity of Aurelia's reaction. He leant over her on his hands. Fear flashed momentarily across her eyes. Despite all Aunt Penny's entreaties, Rachel was still not yet prepared to be impaled by a cock. He saw that and merely kissed her.
She responded. He stroked her side down to her hip. She raised that knee. His fingers slipped onto the back of her calf then up again. She gave out a soft bleat of encouragement. She liked that. He stroked the back of her thigh with the backs of his fingers. She murmured something unintelligible. His hand slipped across the top of her thigh and onto her vulva. Her hips rose slightly in response. He changed position and lifted both her legs skyward and pushed them apart. She gasped at that blatant exposure.
Her pussy was wide open to him now. His lips kissed her labial flaps. His tongue followed. Her pussy smelt of cold cream and musk. She groaned and slipped her hands round the back of his head. Then she let go and slipped them behind her knees to hold her legs up. He could now lift her buttocks from below to get a better angle to suck all the way around inside her vulva. Her moans got louder, encouraging him to continue. He lowered her bottom and leant on his forearms to reach her tits and fondle them whilst he continued to suck her pudenda.
She was now thrusting her hips gently, urging him to apply more pressure on her clit and labia.
"Are you going to take my virginity? Will you do to me what you did to Aurelia? Does my body turn you on?
"Youarea gorgeous woman, Rachel. I want you at this minute more than anything else. Will you allow me...?"
She said nothing, but she stared at him fixedly. His libido was still on the boil, but this time he knew it would not be denied, it would not abate. His head was too full of hormones to be able to control his urges once past a certain point. It had to be now.
He gently lowered her legs so as not to alarm her, and brought his cock to the entrance to her vagina. She took a sharp intake of breath and held it. Her hands gripped his upper arms. He could feel her tension, a mix of anxiety and desire. Then he pushed his shaft home, deep inside her.
"Aaaaagh!"
She inhaled tremulously at that first incursion, then exhaled like a gushing geyser. When he withdrew his cock almost to its tip she took another deep breath. He rammed his meat home again and she exhaled. Then she inhaled and exhaled to every thrust of his hips. He had to keep pace with them. Her grip on his arms never slackened, but soon she was panting like an express train as she sensed something novel stirring deep inside her loins.
"Awww," she moaned, "I'm coming. Keep going my love, make me a whole woman.
"Ohhh, I love the feel of your big fat cock inside me. It's filling me up. It's big, oh so big. It's huge."
Her voice reached a crescendo and she orgasmed with a violence that wracked her lower body. She thrashed her hips so much that he had to pin them down to continue thrusting. He could now relax his control at last. She was on the pill. This would be OK, he could give her everything.
She wailed as waves of tremors washed through her loins and hips. "That's it, keep going, I'm coming again. Give me more, more, more."
He could feel his own eruption building now. His hips pistoned like an express train, wringing every ounce of pressure out of her tight vaginal walls. His pubic bone slapped against her pubic mound, crushing her clitoris repeatedly. She arched her body to extract every millivolt of reaction as she continued to climax.
"Yes, yes, I feel it, it's huge. Your baby-maker fills my pussy. Keep pumping me. Hit my clit. Yes, I'm coming again."
Then his fountainhead erupted with molten man juice. He could feel its heat spewing out of the head of his cock deep inside her. She felt something as well and she gasped even louder. Just as he thought his passion was spent he felt a hand fondling his balls. That triggered another spasm from his shaft. Rachel cried out beneath him, "That's all. I can't take any more. Stop, stop, stop."
He rolled off her with relief. His sensations had been so intense that his cock continued to tingle even as it shrank with satisfaction of a job well done.
"My god!" Rachel muttered, "will it always be like that?"
Aurelia leant over and kissed her. "You can't beat a real cock."
Alex lay on one side of Rachel and Aurelia on the other. They caressed Rachel's body gently in long strokes up her front and across her breasts. Alex touched a nipple and her body jerked.
"It looks like your body is one, huge erogenous zone," he said. "You will never have problems having orgasms. But they will always be better with a man's protein."
She sighed. "There are masturbations, and there are man-made eruptions. I agree, the two are not the same."
Aurelia gazed lovingly at her friend and whispered, "He took me from behind, Rache. It was unbelievable. More powerful than lying on my back."
They all three relaxed and drifted off to sleep. He woke up some time later as Rachel clambered over him to go the bathroom. When she returned she pushed him to the middle and slipped in at his offside with her leg tossed over his hip.
"You're a great lover boy. I'll miss you."
Try as he might he struggled to get back to sleep again. His head was spinning with recollections of sex with these two gorgeous women over the past twenty-four hours. Their ravishing bodies swam before his mind, moving seductively and triggering tingling sensations in his sore penis.
Sleep finally came. He woke with an erection. He diagnosed morning wood and gingerly extricated himself from their pressing bodies to go to the bathroom. As was his habit, he washed his cock in the basin and headed back to the bed. The two maidens appeared to move apart in their sleep to make space for him afresh between them. He drifted off into erotic half-waking dreams of maidens floating nakedly around him and impaling themselves on his cock. It all felt so real and raw.
He woke up. Rachel was sucking on his cock whilst Aurelia licked his balls. His morning wood turned out to be a fully-fledged erection. Shudders of arousal eddied their way up his torso. Both ladies were leaning over him facing down his body towards his feet, their hips pressed against his shoulders. Two bottoms were stretched taut with their pussies and anal buds on full display between their parted cheeks. He had surely died and gone to heaven.
"What are you doing?" he murmured groggily.
"Paying you back for last night," said Aurelia.
"Is that revenge or reward?"
"Oh, very much reward, but stop us if you think you've been overpaid."
"Go ahead ladies," he said with a sigh of contentment. He lay back and succumbed to their stereophonic foreplay. This was going home day. The coaches would start arriving from mid-morning to take them to the airport. They would each go their separate ways to start their student lives in the far flung corners of England and France. Alex reflected that he could easily live this life with a harem of scantily clad maidens, or even just these two ravishing creatures. He had plenty of reserves of sperm in the tank to keep them satisfied, at least he hoped he would.
But then it began to get serious. Aurelia had mounted him in reverse cowboy mode, although he didn't know its name at that time. Rachel stood astride him with her pussy in line with his face and her back to Aurelia. She was rocking her hips, almost in concert with Aurelia's rise and fall on his shaft. She saw him getting aroused and bent her knees, just as he had done to Aurelia in the cave. These two beauties appeared to be working as a co-ordinated team. Aurelia's breath was getting laboured from her exertions. He had a good view between Rachel's spread legs of Aurelia's back. It looked as sexy as her front as she bounced her buttocks over his cock. She was starting her customary moan as her hormones set about another climax.
Rachel took that as her clue to drop to her knees either side of his head, to offer her pussy cleft to him to suck. She groaned as he attacked her deep pink flesh and nub with enthusiasm. He reflected on these two stunning bodies fucking his loins and mouth, and that triggered the start of his own climb towards his nirvana. Aurelia was reaching her peak now and bouncing hard on his hips. She angled her top forwards towards his feet to engage her clit fully on his bone. Her moans trembled with her exertions now. Then his cock erupted with a controlled explosion of morning lava. Aurelia gasped as she felt its warmth coating her cervix and pussy walls. Rachel laughed at the sensations racing around her abdomen at the same time.
When they had subsided into a tangle of limbs, he asked Rachel, "Do you mind not having an orgasm this morning?"
She chuckled. "I did, but my pussy is raw from last night. Sadly, I won't be ready again until we are all too far apart."
And so it proved. Rachel promised to call him. She wrote his telephone number on her wrist. He didn't ask for hers because the thought of encountering her aunt again was just too intimidating.
Aurelia went off to the Sorbonne with his address on a scrap of paper. She couldn't give him one for Paris, and did not want him writing to her parents' address. He was prepared never to hear from her again. On looks alone, let alone her incisive brain, she would have the world at her feet. In his own way, perhaps he played a minor role in ridding her of her demons.
His memory of her would remain vivid, and foremost would be the sight of that highlit golden down on her arms from errant sun rays in that holiday camp shop.

~*~*~


So ended that momentous holiday. Based to some extent on the author's actual experience, Alex's backstory was of no longer of interest to him. But, thanks to anonymous' comment however (he's very prolific ! ), the story now continues with the tales of the Brunette, the Blonde, and Aunt Penny.