Thank you guys so much for the support! I honestly didn't expect everyone to love it this much. I plan on carrying this story out for a long time, so I hope it only continues to get better for you all!
-------
It wasn't until the next day that Jessie would get another text from her brand new anonymous Master.
"Hello again fatty. Hope didn't think I tossed you to the side already. We have plenty more to do before then! First is rules. There are some general ground rules, and you can bet your chubby ass there will be more rules later down the line. But let's start with what we know right now.
Rule Number 1: I am your owner and you will refer to me as your master at any given opportunity. Even if you are talking about me to other people, I will still be referred to as master.
Rule Number 2: As my slave. You will listen to and follow all of my orders to the absolute best of your ability. I absolutely do not take no for an answer. Any time you reject one of my commands, orders, or tasks, our arrangement is over and you will not get the life changing experience that you so desire.
Rule Number 3: This one is a very broad rule, but it is very important. You will give me your spare apartment key to keep. I am an extremely generous owner, and I will be remodeling your room, and possibly even more to match your brand new lifestyle. In order to do that, I need access to your room at any given moment.
Lastly, look outside your apartment door. I have a present for you. Go get it, And I want you to write down all of your rules in permanent sharpie, and hang it up on your bedroom wall. You will inform me when this has been completed."
This was so much information for Jessie to take in. The first two rules were extremely basic. In all honesty, if she hadn't read rule number 3, she would have been a bit disappointed. But that third rule made her heart beat out of her chest. How is she going to willingly give up her own private safety this early into everything? Did he honestly expect her to give up her apartment that easily?
Well he was right. Jessie could feel just how wet she was between her legs as she walked towards her front door to pick up what her master had left for her. Her pajamas of choice were some thin short shorts that rode up her ass when she walked, as well as a plain tshirt. It was nothing special, as she hasn't always had someone to impress all the time.
Jessie opens the door to see a pretty large package sitting to the right of her door. Upon closer inspection, it was a huge whiteboard, and her masters instructions finally made sense in her head. She lugged the box all the way, back into her room, managed to set it up on her wall, overlooking her bed. It would be a constant reminder of the new life that she just gave herself. Jessie climbed onto her bed in order to write her rules down onto the board.
When she figured everything looked perfect, she sat down on her bed to look up at the board. Her rules were there, and she made sure to leave plenty of room for more rules in the near future.
"I'm finished with the whiteboard. Thank you so much for the present master." Jessie figured that she should thank him, even if it was just a simple whiteboard.
"You're very welcome piggy. We will be putting it to good use, don't you worry!" He says. He doesn't send another message for about 15 or so minutes.
"Now we need to get you out of the apartment for a bit. How does that sound? I plan to do a little bit of renovating, and I obviously can't have you around while i'm doing it, now can i? So here's what's going to happen. You're going to leave your apartment wearing exactly what you are wearing at this very second - which you'll send me a picture of - and you'll leave your apartment key on your kitchen table with the door completely unlocked. Next you're going to drive on over to campus. I have a scavenger hunt of sorts set up for you. Tell me when you get there."
Jessie can literally feel her heart beating, but with equal force she can feel her pussy throbbing from how excited she is
I can't believe I'm getting so excited about this,Jessie thought as she gathered her things to walk out the door.I'm most definitely about to be completely naked on campus, and I'm leaving my spare apartment key for a complete stranger to come and go as he pleases. This is insane. But it feels so right in a weird sort of way?
Jessie leaves her key on the table and hops into her car. The idea of waiting to see who shows up at her apartment doesn't even cross her mind. If he already knows where she lives, he most likely knows what she drives and will not be happy if she hasn't left for campus yet.
"I'm on campus" Jessie texts her owner as she parks in the parking lot, closest to the student center.
"Nice apartment you have here! Good job on leaving me the key. I think I'll be adding some renovations slowly. Today's change to your apartment won't be too drastic, but give it a week or two and you won't even recognize where you live."
Another text comes in shortly after.
"Now for your task. Head over to the library. Throughout the 2nd, 3rd and fourth stories of the building, I have 5 bags hidden. Each bag has one article of clothing. Your goal is obviously to collect all 5 pieces of clothing. Sounds easy right? Well here's the catch: you're going to be completely naked. You are going to start this task at the entrance to the 2nd floor. Next to that door there will be a completely empty bag for you to store the clothes you are currently wearing. Don't you dare try to cheat, because as you will soon find out, each bag is in view of a camera that I personally have set up to monitor you. When you have found all 5 pieces of clothing, you must wear them all the way back out to your car and into your apartment. Oh and a word of advice? Don't get caught. I don't plan on helping you get out of trouble. Have fun!"
Ohhhh fuck. Here we go. This is starting to become the real deal now. Yesterday was a tease, but this is really starting to become real.Jessie thought as she put her phone down in her car. She steps out of her car, nervous as anyone would be in this situation. She reaches back and pulls her shorts out of her ass to fix them, which is embarrassing in its own right. She treks off towards the middle of the campus where the library is located.
Jessie walks into the library and takes a look around. It's a Saturday, so there are a few people on the first floor, but not packed like it is on a weekday. On the first floor of her campus library, there is the reception/checkout desk, and the rest of the floor is for computers. The second, third, and floors were both the standard library floors, with rows upon rows of books and desk cubicles to study at.
Those three floors are where all my new clothes are going to be. And I'm going to have to strip right there at the entrance to the second.Jessie thinks this as she is climbing the stairs to her destination. She walks through the door to the second library floor and freezes at what she sees. Right as she walks into the room, she sees a row of desk cubicles, each of which are occupied, right in front of her. Luckily for her, their backs are facing her. But a simple tilt of the head will be all it takes to see Jessie, completely ass naked in her college library. She looks down to her right, and in the corner is a small plastic bag. She rolls her eyes.
Great so now when I go to put my clothes in the bag it'll make a sound. That's just perfect.

Jessie closes her eyes and prepares herself mentally for what she's about to do. She thinks about how nervous she is, but at the same time just how bad she wants this. This is just the beginning of a crazy, exhilarating life. She slowly pulls up her baggy shirt to reveal her chubby tummy. It gets pulled up past her tits and up over her head. Jessie quickly balls it up and tosses it to the side before quickly digging her thumbs into the waistband of her shorts. They are quickly yanked down past her thick ass and bare pussy. Jessie is now completely naked for everyone in the library to see. Her heart rate immediately picks up and she goes to ball up her clothes. Her eyes are fixated on the people studying in front of her, not like that's going to stop them from looking or anything. She balls up the clothes and quickly tosses them into the small bag, unconsciously not caring how much noise it makes. There is a small camera sitting next to the bag, and Jessie has the bright idea of giving the camera a little tease. She leans forward towards the camera, cups her tits and gives them a bit of a jiggle. She smiles knowing her master is definitely watching, and she knows she wants to impress him on this very fun first task. Figuring that is enough for now, she snaps back into reality, and blushes deeply. She silently dashes over into the cover of bookcases.
Alright, let's go try and find these bags.Jessie thinks as she hides behind the bookcases, looking to see if she can see anyone walking, or better yet a bag.
There was an extremely strong urge to sit down and masturbate right this second, and Jessie was about to succumb. She sat down on the ground, right in the middle of the bookcase hallway, she leans back slightly and holds herself up with her right arm. Her wet arm however, starts to go absolutely wild on her pussy. She's unbelievably horny and being so naked and vulnerable in public is just amplifying it. She continues to rub herself, eyes closed, head thrown back for about a minute before she decides to get up.
Looking around, Jessie figures the best course of action is to go up and down the bookcases to see if there are any bags inside of them. Then she can go to the more dangerous places when she has more clothes to wear. She starts at the ending hallway, where she ran in to, and she carefully walks up and down the hallways. Every so often Jessie gives herself a rub of her cunt and a twist of her nipple to keep herself more horny than scared. Finally, about halfway through the floor of books, Jessie comes across her first of 5 bags. It's tucked in between two books and another small camera rests on the bookshelf behind her. Attached to the bag is a note. It reads:
"Congratulations fatass, you found the easiest and safest of the bags to find. You get the smallest reward."
Jessie blushes at the message calling her a fatass. She loved the humiliation too much and rubbed her cunt as she read it. Inside the bag is an absolutely tiny black g-string. Biting her lip in pure lust, she whispers out. "I'm so fucked..."
Stepping into the g-string, it becomes clear that it is not going to hide anything at all. The backside of the g-string is quickly swallowed up by her ass, and the front of it has barely any more material, so it quickly folds in between her cunt lips. Jessie messes with it a bit, trying to get it comfortable, but it's inevitable. She pats her pussy in satisfaction, forgetting how good it would feel, and lets out a soft moan, then giggles.
The rest of the bookcases were void of any extra clothing, but luckily for Jessie there was a lone desk in the corner of the second floor that held her second bag. The camera is looking right at her, sitting on the desk. Getting in front of the camera, Jessie gets her cunt nice and close to it, and pulls up on the front of her g-string, giving her a front wedgie. She can't contain how amazing the fabric feels running against her clit and lets out a moan that is just a little bit too loud. After a minute or so of teasing her owner, she fixes the g-string and reads the note on the bag.
"Another easy bag! I hope you don't think it's all going to be this easy. There are two total bags on this floor, if you have them both, go hit the staircase."
Based on the last bag, Jessie wasn't expecting much. Inside was a pair of matching black thigh high fishnets.
This guy is going to make me look like a stripper and there's nothing I can do about it! Well there is but I don't want to.Jessie giggles to herself as she sits in the chair by the desk and slides them on all the way up her legs and fits them snugly onto her thick thighs right underneath her ass. She stands back up and shows them off to the camera, doing a small twirl and jiggling her asscheeks from behind before bounding off for the staircase.
-------------
Thanks again for reading! Sorry this one cut off in the middle of her first task, I didn't realize how much I had written! It will be wrapped up in the next one. Look out for it! Also thank you all for the awesome comments and support, I really appreciate it!