I didn't see her again for the next week and really I wasn't too disappointed about it. While I seemed to have made it out okay, I did spank and finger her against the front desk. It was fun sure, but pretty stupid. She didn't say much as she left, still in a daze after her orgasm. Hard to say how she would react if she saw me again. To be fair, she did try to falsely accuse me of touching her. In any way, I still had the video I took after her spanking, so she didn't have much choice but to let it go.
I knew she had uploaded the video she made that day. Including the orgasmic ending, though it was cut around the worst parts. I'm not sure how obvious it was for other people, but I watched that video a dozen times since she uploaded it. Her face as I forced her to cum on camera was the hottest thing I had ever seen.
I know she had uploaded a few more videos since then, but I just skipped through them. She was hot and she knew it, but so did every girl on those platforms, her content wasn't anything special. But it did show me she was still around, probably going at a different time so she wouldn't run into me. Which meant I was back to my normal boring old job.
I had mostly stopped thinking about it when I went back in the next Monday morning. The last few days had been pretty normal. The gym would be empty until maybe 6 or 7 am and then it would be busy for a while as people like to start their day with a workout. I would leave at 12, which during the week meant I got to avoid most of the lunch break customers. Nothing had broken that pattern since the events on Monday.
As I entered the building I was once again greeted by Jake. "Hey."
"Sup man." I could tell something was wrong, I was not getting the usual Jake energy.
"You remember the hot girl from last week? She's back." He seemed unsure of what to say next.
"Cool. I enjoyed the view last time."
"Yeah, well... I would stay away from her if I were you. She's trouble and I heard the same thing from Mark. Seriously, it's not worth it."
He didn't want to explain further and I could guess as to what he might be alluding to. "Aight, thanks for the warning."
As Jake left, I decided to deal with Seline right away. I waited until Jake was out of sight, locked the door, and went to find her.
Seline was sitting on a bench on the far side of the gym. She was wearing a tight white shirt and very small purple booty shorts. I could see the bottom of her cheeks peeking out. Focused on her camera, she was looking away from me. Immediately I knew how I was gonna handle this.
I quickly walked up behind her. Before she could react I grabbed her sides and lifted her up from her seat. I then spun around, sat down on the bench myself, and placed her in my lap. As she started protesting, I held her down with my arms around her middle as her back was tight against my chest.
Seline let out a shriek from the initial shock and continued to struggle afterward. I grabbed her arms to stop her from hurting me. "Calm down."
She was squirming in her forced seat, but the only thing her attempts to wriggle free accomplished was getting my dick hard as she rubbed her ass on it. "Let go of me, Sean."
"So you do remember me. Because I really thought you would have learned your lesson last time."
Finally, she stopped trying to get away. "I don't know what you're talking about."
"Really? Maybe I can help you remember." I shifted my hands from her middle. One landed on her breast, the other cupping her pussy. Rubbing her pussy through the thin fabric (Seline was not one to wear panties) and teasing her nipples at the same time. "Does that help? Or should I lay you over my lap and spank you again?"
"No! I remember, you can just let me go."
"Then why am I getting complaints about you? Did you think you only needed to stop the bullshit with me?"
"I'm sorry, It won't happen again!" Her hands clasped onto my arm as I went into her shorts and teased her clit.
"Good. Now I'm really not that surprised you caused more trouble. What I am surprised by is why you would come back here after avoiding me all week. I'm sure you could have gotten someone else to fuck your brain out."
Seline looked down and refused to give an answer. She was blushing bright red though.
"Seline, you can tell me now or you can tell me after I've made your pretty little pussy cum. What will it be?" I emphasized my statement by inserting two fingers. Her pussy was already dripping. No matter how much she might deny it, her body was clearly liking this.
Barely audible, Seline responded. "The video did really well."
"Speak up." My fingers were going in and out of her pussy quickly. I didn't really care if she came or not, I just liked playing with her body.
"The video did really well ok! It is my most viewed post of all time."
"Of course it did. It's amazing. Did you know you look incredibly cute when you orgasm?" My other hand pulled up her shirt until her tits bounced free and started groping them absent-mindedly. "And you have been trying to avoid me because you're embarrassed, but the videos you made since haven't been able to match the one we made together. Am I right?"
"Yes..."
"So... now what?" Despite our conversation finally getting somewhere I was not letting up on my teasing. Seline's breathing had gotten a lot heavier, it wasn't gonna take long for her to climax.
"I..." She was having a very hard time admitting what she wanted. "I want you to help me make another video."
"I might be able to do that."
"Really? Aaahhhh."
Her hips were bucking, meeting my fingers as she was reaching the edge. "Sure, how about we start with you on your knees?" I took my hand out of her shorts and pushed her up on her feet. I then pulled my pants and underwear down to reveal my dick.
"Should I get the camera?"
"If you want to film this, go ahead. Maybe you can watch it back later tonight. But seeing as I don't think you are about to become an amateur pornstar, I think you should just start sucking."
She sank to her knees between my lacks and hesitantly grabbed my shaft. She clearly was more used to being the dom in a relationship, but I also knew she was incredibly horny. Not to mention desperate for views, which for some reason she couldn't get on her own. I was pretty sure she just needed a push in the right direction and I would be happy to give it to her. And enjoy the benefits in the meantime.
Slowly she started jerking me off. Her other hand snuck down to her pussy, her face contorting as soon as her clit got attention again.
"You can touch, but you can't orgasm until I tell you to. Otherwise, the deal is off."
She didn't look too happy about that but still nodded. Then she bent forward and took my dick into her mouth. Maybe she thought she could get permission faster that way, maybe she just wanted to get this over with. Either way, it felt amazing. I realized gonna cum pretty quickly. Having this hottie sit on my lap as I forced her to the edge had gotten me rock hard. And I had nothing to prove, so I decided just to enjoy it.
Seline started going up and down, using her tongue whenever she went up to tease me more. The view of her between my legs. Sucking my cock, breasts exposed and a hand rubbing between her legs. It was incredible to see after having relived the events of last week time after time all alone. It's a shame I didn't take the time to do this back then.
I felt myself approaching the edge minutes after she had taken me into her mouth. But I still had other plants. "Are you on the pill?"
Sadly she had to stop to answer. "Yes... but I'm not fucking you."
"Good. Stop touching yourself." I stood up from the bench and motioned for her to do the same. "Pull out the front of your shorts."
She pulled them open, giving me a perfect view of her pussy. "Like this?"
"Yep, just hold it there." I started jerking off myself. It wasn't as good as her mouth, but the result would be worth it. I stepped up to her and rubbed the tip of my cock on her lips. Going faster and faster. I bent forward and kissed her, right as I came. She was surprised but returned my kiss. Our tongues explored each other as my cum shot into her shorts and onto her pussy.
As my orgasm died down, I continued our kiss a little longer. Then I looked down to see the inside of her shorts completely coated in my sperm. I rubbed any last drops onto a dry part and pulled my pants back up.
Seline just stood there, not wanting to pull up her shorts like this.
"Come on, just pull it up. You're not cleaning that until you get home." I put my hands on her arms and gently guided them up, forcing the warm cum further against her lips. "You must be horny right now."
All she could do was nod, still getting used to the feeling.
"Good, that will help you make your video." I pulled her shirt down to cover her boobs again and gave her nipples one last squeeze. "I suggest you start with some cycling, that should be fun."
I grabbed her phone and held it up for her to unlock. "Remember, no cleaning and no orgasms until you get home." I entered my number into her phone. "I'm gonna take a shower, but first I'll unlock the front door so someone could walk in at any moment. So no cheating. And if you want some real views, send me a message. I will have to prepare some stuff."
With that, I walked out. I do hope she messages me, then we could have some real fun.