"A jeweled butt plug?"
Christina Holly brightened up as she unwrapped a small gift from her friend and pampering lover Shawn Kerwin. He was by the far the sweetest of her initial bunch of gangbanging Romeo's, the batch that had brought out her freaky side weeks ago. Since that day Christina's inner slut had surfaced with no turning back. She loved sex, the attention, even the being treated like crap part some days, most days. Simple gifts were the best, she hadn't really gotten anything since the rose in her mailbox and envelope of money they had all contributed toward. Maybe Greg and Loni had told the guys to try and brighten her up after her butt dialed dilemma with her man Dixon. Placing it between her fingers as if a ring she giggles, "Are we engaged now?" She ignored the fact that some random skank had told Dixon she couldn't wait to marry him. In her insanity Christina found this facsimile diamond far better than an actual proposal.
"HA HA! Like it?" Shawn chuckled, "It was either the blue gem or the red one. They were out of the diamond clear kind. I liked blue because it goes with your eyes."
"Awww! That's so sweet. Too bad you can't see both at the same time." Her giggles made his day. "Wanna shower with me? I'm wearing a lot of jizz today. I think I've been fucked by a dozen guys and not one were you or your buddies." A pout made her look sad. "You know? I've been fucked up the ass three times today this plug might not be needed I'm stretching out without it."
"Rainy lay!" He laughed, "Just keep it. My treat."
"I love how you guys spoil me."
"What can we say? We love ya Christina. The guys may not always talk like they do but ever since you moved in with Dixon they've admired you."
"Through my windows." She smirked, "Notice I never close my curtains and blinds these days? Heck my door is always unlocked if anyone wants to come in."
"Greg's orders though right?"
"True! I would have done it without his encouragement. I don't...like being alone."
"Never again Christina. The whole neighborhood supports you in some way. It might not be financially but they care."
"I don't need much. As long as Dixon doesn't make me move out I'll be fine. I haven't seen you to tell you but I think Dixon has another girlfriend on the road."
"No way!" Shawn dropped his jaw. "That asshole." He took the butt plug from her and acted as if he were shoving it up the invisible Dixon should he be there. It made her smile. Still, no matter what he was an asshole for lying to her, Christina was no better than he. Dixon had one girlfriend, she had fifty boyfriends...so to speak.
"I did send Dixon pictures of my tan lines. He doesn't know Theo and his brother did this to me but he found it sexy. So, maybe there's hope if he thinks I'm opening up more. I believe he's wanting a girlfriend that's wild as a counter balance to me, the sweet shy one."
"Boy is he wrong."
"He wasn't wrong until you guys showed me how not to be shy. Thank you by the way."
"So, let him have a girlfriend. You do your thing, he does his."
"Yes but..." She pauses him to pick her phone up from the floor next to her, she still sitting there from having sex minutes before Shawn had dropped by. Playing Dixon's butt dial message Shawn grit his teeth at the woman on the other end mentioning the word wife. "See what I mean?"
"Damn! Maybe you should butt dial him and give him a taste of his own medicine." Her eyes flared at the thought, her expression frozen. It had never occurred to her to reverse psychology the situation.
"I don't know? That might be too much. We have talked on the phone since and he has never fessed up to the other woman. Loni thinks he's just playing some other girl. I mean...I live with him she doesn't."
"Yet!" He pointed out, "So, he wasn't uptight over your forehead tan line saying Slut?"
"No. We talked about our sex life though. He wants us to try new things which comes easy for me now thanks to all of you. I told Dixon my new friend Loni helped me with the tanning. He wants us to swing with another couple."
"Loni and Greg?"
"It's a thought but I'm almost afraid to bring it up to them."
"Greg would do it in a heartbeat. I'm sure he could talk Loni into it."
"Please don't mention this until I decide how best to approach them."
"No problem! Unlike the others you can talk to me about anything. I'm your confidante beautiful."
"I do." She heard him and poised the butt plug on her engagement finger's close proximity.
"Maybe we should have a mock wedding sometime. You only wearing a veil and that butt plug." He laughed.
"I'd do it." She giggled, "Can we stop talking about Dixon and his needs right now. Come shower me with water and affection. You can put a ring on my pucker after I'm clean."
"Let's do it." Hand in hand they walked into the bathroom and started the water. Stripping Shawn was her honor, taking her time to let him know she valued his friendship through gentle nuzzles around his penis and a light peck to his quite full balls. Once undressed they stepped into the shower and pampered one another.
Soap opera!
********
Twenty miles outside of Yuma, Arizona...Hotter than Hades on a winter day.
"Moon that trucker."
"On it Daddy." Venus Luella Flye obeyed the driver Dixon Moretti as he passed a slower semi trailer. It killed the boredom of the open road to hear the blare of a tractor's horn. Already nude at Dixon's no clothing rule when inside his rig, the young African American cutie rolled her window down and moved to stand up in her passenger seat. She being incredibly short and lightweight she had to hold on good to prevent falling out the window as she prepared to stick her perfect little ass out for inspection.
Closing the gap between rigs once the traffic allowed it Dixon evened out the eye contact next door. The driver peering over saw her adorably gorgeous butt cheeks, she going so far as to prying her cheeks wide to offer a wink or two. Just as predicted a horn sounded and kept blaring until she retreated back inside the cab to sit down. Blowing the driver a kiss she maintained a flirtatious gaze with him.
"Good candidate I'm thinkin'." Dixon nodded at the driver, "Hold the sign up." A swift pluck from her floorboard Venus whipped a small cardboard sign saying, "Wanna fuck me?" The driver reading it easily puckered and cast her a thumbs up. She then flipped the sign over which now said, "$100 for BJ! $250 for sex. 30 minute limit." Once read she puts the sign away then moves into a praying angle, hands clasped as if begging. Her kid like features with doe like eyes made most men fall quick. Doe for dough was Dixon's motto.
Able to see over her head Dixon communicated via thumbs up or down with his fellow trucker. Once established that both parties were serious Dixon motioned the driver to follow him. Easing ahead for a mile Dixon found a shoulder to pull off the road on that could accommodate two rigs at once. The driver parked behind him and sat waiting, blinkers flashing.
"Condom Princess." Dixon held a unopened rubber between his fingers. "Scurry up!" He nodded in his deep voice strategy. Venus quickly hopped from the trailer totally nude save for her tennis shoes and bobby socks and skipped like a ten year old to the neighboring truck. Door opened on the passenger side the trucker welcomed her up into his cab.
"Well now ain't you a sweetheart." The bearded man tipped his ballcap up at the brim.
"Will you be my new daddy?" She softly pleaded and seduced his imagination. "I need dick really bad."
"Money don't ya mean?" He chuckled, "Crawl on in." She quickly moved into the passenger seat as he pointed toward his sleeper bunk behind him. Taking his direction she crawled through a curtain to find a huge surprise. Inside was a second man slumbering there.
"Daddy?" She peered back questioning the driver.
"Wake up my boy and give him a good time. Your money will be waiting when you get done."
"You're not coming too?" She melted him with her sweet tone.
"Might be tight." He grimaced at his size.
"It is! I'm really, really tight Daddy." She wiggled her ass at him as his son woke up to see her and sat up quickly. A quick chuckle amongst family his boy pulled her in over him and stripped naked. She applied the condom on the boy's cock then rode him right in front of his dad. Deciding to share his dad forced his way into the narrow cab and pulled his own pants down. Taking little Venus via DP the girl cried out her best theatrical performance of Annie. "The cum will come out tomorrow." It was silly but effective. Venus Flye knew exactly how to make men crazy. Not tomorrow, definitely in the next five minutes.
While Venus was busy Dixon took the time to call home. Unfortunately, Christina was a little busy in the shower. Against the shower even. Shawn was enjoying his own moment of nailing Miss Holly under a nice warm waterfall. Overhead and on his head both. Technically both Venus and Christina were having orgasms at the same time. Dixon? Bored! He would get his $500 bucks for whoring Princess out, she getting $100 of that. Fair? Dixon kept a roof over her head and fed her. Life was good.
A chance look at his withheld diamond ring while he had time to reflect, Dixon Moretti sighed, "Hurry it up Drama Mama!" Even he knew the actress was overdoing it.
********
"FUCK ME SHAWN!"
In her excessive screams Christina Holly had totally ignored her cell ringing. Of course it being in her bedroom at the moment the distance and water kept it from being heard. Shawn couldn't really hold her weight up as much as he tried, he being smaller than her by three inches. Still he made up for it by having a very worthy dick. They laughed as much as they moaned together. It was good to find a moment where life lightened up.
In their slight struggles her weight pressing on the shower door nearly pushed it off track. Regardless, he was not giving up, he adored Christina and needed to cum inside her. Efforts on both ended in just that, her second orgasm, his first solid nut of the night. Once done they realized that cold water felt good. Until it wasn't!
Squealing at retreat they shut it down and stepped out of the shower to find towels. Drying one another off was special, their bond meant everything. Shawn was like her bestie. Christina was like his big sister. In this case he was glad she wasn't related. Seven years younger than Christina it was certainly like that big sister scenario.
"That was awesome." Shawn kissed her back after dabbing the towel over droplets. It still cracked him up in seeing the tan lines on her ass cheeks saying Fuck Me.
"I need some supper." She heard her belly growl while letting him take his time drying her everywhere. It was wonderful to feel adored by the young man. On his knees drying her cunt in careful swathes he peered up at her. "Pizza?"
"I don't have a frozen pizza. I guess I could order one. Honestly, I haven't had an appetite lately, but now that my nerves are settling down pizza does sound yummy. Let me get my phone and I'll order us one."
"Extra cheese."
"Triple cheese." She added giggling and shuffling to her bedroom. Locating her cell after having tossed it on her bed earlier she noticed the missed call from Dixon. Fidgeting a bit she sent him a text saying that she was in the shower. No reply from him because of Venus being back in the cab Christina skipped past the dilemma and looked up their usual pizza delivery service. Calling one in, her credit card number already in their system it was just a waiting game until it was delivered to her door.
Dressed now Shawn stood in front of her with a brilliant idea. "You should answer the door naked."
"I can do that. It's usually the same guy every time. Older, but he always flirts with me even if Dixon is home. Now that I think about it...Dixon never got mad over it. Maybe I've just been naïve all along about his needs."
"Well now you know. When Dixon gets back home just be the new you and see how he reacts."
"I will. Keep your bedroom tidy I might be your roommate." She laughed.
"Anytime! Long as you need to, I'll just tell my Mom you're my girlfriend."
"What about your dad?"
"Stepdad! My real dad took off with another woman. Sorry!" He realized the close similarity to Christina's worry.
"Don't be! Strangely, I think Dixon and I will be...okay."
"With all of us tapping his girl?"
"That I don't know. We have when he's gone at least."
"So you're still cool cheating on him?"
"Yes. I can't stop now. I...don't want to stop."
"Just get him plastered all the time and we can still drop in."
"He can do that on his own. He drinks like a fish at home."
"I still think about that night you fucked us right on top of him. That was insane. Would you do that again?"
"Of course! I love taking risks." She opts to roll over on to her belly and crawls to her knees, big beautiful ass in the air, "Put a ring in it!"
"Oh yeah!" He laughed and grabbed the butt plug and started to enter it. "Pry those cheeks for me." She reaches around herself awkwardly and creates plenty of room for him to work. Teasing her with the brass cork her pucker was too tight. "Where's your lube?" Finding it on her bedside stand he smears plenty of lubrication on it and around her pucker's interior. Aiming again she squealed and giggled at his delicate insertion. Once inside he took her cell and snapped a picture of it. "There! Send that pic to Dixon and see what he says."
Dropping to her side to show her she rolled over and cuddled with Shawn on her mattress. Mesmerized by the gem she nibbled her lip trying to determine if it was the right thing to do. Eyes sparkling at Shawn she sighed, "I'm going to send it. If he asks I'll say..."
"The pizza guy helped you put it in." He cut her off chuckling.
"Should I?"
"Can't hurt. If he gets cranky just tell him you were teasing."
"I'm doing it." She texted him with the photo. Sending it out she dropped her jaw and collapsed fully on to her back looking up at the ceiling. "Oh my God! Shawn...I can't believe I'm doing this."
"Now you have to show that pizza dude your engagement ring."
"Definitely! Thank you for making me laugh, I really needed this."
"No problem! Here to serve Milady."
"Noooo! I'm here to serve you KIND SIR!" She directs him to her collar, faithfully worn. In noting it Shawn frowned, he still considered the dog collar as going too far in her degradation, yet she seemed so very proud of it. Shrugging over the acceptance she had at wearing it Shawn simply embraced it himself. He was not going to utilize it to put her down even if she asked him to. Her choice, his as well.
"You seem sad Shawn."
"I wouldn't say sad, just wrong. You don't deserve to be wearing a fucking dog collar."
"But, I deserve to wear your butt jewelry?" She tried to make a point.
"At least it's more tasteful."
"Is it? I love both Shawn. I love you for thinking of me. The collar...makes me feel wanted."
"Owned?"
"Yes! Even though everyone knows I am with Dixon they insist on keeping me. I don't know what I'd do without any of you. The collar gives me...security. I like the idea of giving up my freedom."
"To be used?"
"Yes to be used. Use me Shawn. Please!"
"If you say so. Hands and knees, crawl to the front door and wait for the pizza guy. Blow him as a tip."
"If he lets me I will." She eased off of her bed and lowered to her hands and knees. Crawling ahead of him she wiggled her ass just to keep his attention on her. "Can you see my plug?"
"Yep! Blue and feisty looking." He trailed her all the way to the door. Opening the inside door the afternoon sun crept through the screen door brightening up the living room. Eying her looking pretty he chuckled, "I think you should let him know I own a dog." If she wanted to be used so be it.
"Yip!" She barked giggling, "Yip! Yip!"
"Goood girl!" He pet her long blond hair, still wet and stringy. Reacting to him she licked his hand giggling.
"So I'm a pet now?"
"If the collar fits. I did just give you a bath."
"True!" She hears a car door outside and perks her ears up before pawing at the door. Looking out Shawn see's a 50 something pizza delivery driver coming up the walk.
"You're on. I'll go hide while you coax him inside so I don't scare him off." Quickly bolting into her bedroom he uses the door to mask his hovering presence. Standing up she too steps aside from direct vision until he rings the doorbell. Taking a deep breath Christina goes into action standing in front of the screen door.
"Hello again." She greets him as he takes in her massive chest.
"Hello yourself Young lady." He chuckles, "I wasn't expecting this out of you."
"Are you offended?" She sheepishly grins.
"Absolutely not! You do what you want in your own home. Life's too short to not have a little fun now and again." He pulls her pizza from a temperature controlled bag as she opens the door. Now getting a full frontal look at her the man shakes his head smirking. "Glad I was working today."
"Me too. I don't have cash to tip you with but if you want I'll suck your dick."
"Well now! That's a worthy offer if I've ever heard one."
"I'm serious I love sucking cock."
"Uhhh?" He rubs the back of his neck then looks around the neighborhood. "I only have five minutes."
"I can get you off that fast." She opened the door further offering him entry. "Come on in and take a seat."
"Home alone I hope?"
"No. But, you're safe." She hated lying. "My little brother is sleeping so just don't get too loud." She guides him to her sofa and sits the pizza on the floor. Before he can get comfy she kneels between his legs and rubs them before going for his zipper. "Just relax you don't have anything to worry about."
"Mighty bold Young Lady."
"If you had more time I'd fuck you."
"Really now?" He beamed. "No worries about my telling other people. I don't need my wife finding out."
"I don't care who you tell, just brag about how good I am."
"If I do, I surely will." She had his pants undone and tugged them just low enough that his dick popped out and stood up to greet her. "That didn't take long did it? No little blue pill required."
"It just means you like what you see." She fondled him then immediately went for it, sucking his dick vigorously. He sat back watching her deep throat him with a silent whistle reflecting his sensations.
"That feels real nice. You certainly know what you're doing." She winks at him while bobbing her head up and down, her fingers kneading at his swollen balls. "That's right! You just lay that chin right on my big ole' balls. Young lady has talent."
It took her four minutes to feel his cum shoot the back of her throat, sucking him dry before peeling away and kissing his urethra. Stroking him a bit longer she warmly smiles at him. "You should let me do this for you more often."
"Order pizza every day." He laughed.
"Or, bring me a free pizza every day. Like I said I'd fuck you if you had time." Her eyes were flirting hard. Nodding his appreciation he looked at his watch before sighing, "Car's sputtering I reckon I'll be getting back late." He decides to call his employer. While he has his boss on the phone she crawls into his lap and sits on his dick, guiding him up inside her. Shocked by her boldness he kept talking to his co-worker while she gyrated over him. Hands on the back of her sofa she tantalizes him by dangling her breasts in front of his face, making it hard not to gnaw on her nipples. Call ended he pulls her in and smothers his face for a sweet ole' fashioned motorboat.
"Fuck your pussy feels good." He compliments her then notices her collar. "You into that kinky stuff?" He also realized her tan lines. How he overlooked those before now showed his age. "Who wrote all over you?"
"Lovers! Do you like my tan lines?"
"That I do. Very nice. Lovers you say?"
"Yes. I'm a nympho. Does that bother you?"
"Nope! You just keep doing what you're doing."
"Take me to the floor. Fuck me really hard." She whispered into his ear. Lifting off of him she escorts him down into missionary position. Grant Farricks, like his car was sputtering to keep up. Out of shape slightly at 54 years of age he did the best he could. She came on his cock, he nutted a sequel. Winded he had to call it before losing his job. Crawling out of her messy cunt he admired his cum oozing from her and down between her ass cheeks.
"Pepperoni tomorrow?" He chuckled.
"Extra jizz...I mean cheese." She giggled and nudged his balls with her toes. "I'll be waiting for your cock. If I have company I'll go outside with you. Maybe in your car?"
"Sputter! Sputter!" He winked zipping up. "Thank ya Young Lady."
"Slut!" She pointed to her forehead with both index fingers as she sits up smiling. "Call me what I am."
"Will do Young Slut. You enjoy your dinner." He let himself out. As soon as he was gone Shawn burst from the bedroom laughing.
"Good job Young Slut!" He tried to sound like Grant. "Time for my toppings." He put his foot on her tits and pushed her back on to the carpet and jerked off over her. Once he coated her tits he zipped up and went for the pizza. Grabbing a slice he handed it to her. "Here! Add my cum to your Meat Lovers." She did just that, rolling his leftovers on her fingers then applying it to her pizza before devouring it. Her appetite was back. Three slices!
"Way I see it we should do this to every pizza place in Austin. Free pizza for everyone."
"Good idea." Christina laughed wiping her mouth on a napkin. Hearing her cellphone call out she hopped up to check it. "Dixon left a text." She hurried back into the living room to sit across from Shawn. "Time to find out if I'm homeless."
"It's just a butt plug pic. Why would he do that?"
"Let's find out." Opening his message she read it out loud. "Damn Filly! Tryin' to blind me with that there bling?" She brightened up at his humor, "What's gotten into you Miss Sparkles?"
Texting him back she wrote, "Am I impressing you?"
Now in Phoenix Arizona Dixon Moretti stood next to his rig watching Venus on her knees sucking a dock worker off where he had delivered his current load. A couple of the workers associates observed her work with interest. Being naked except for her shoes she was too gorgeous not to check out. Money in Dixon's pocket he was feeling pretty good. Texting Christina back he puckered as he typed.
"Picture a day here on 'til I get home. You wanna impress me? Take your big beautiful booty outside and show me what you got in ya."
Reading this to Shawn the boy laughed, "Dick in every hole good enough for him?"
"Only if he asks for that. Take some streaking pics for me outside?"
"Let's do it." He wiped his hands on his jeans and helped her up from the floor. "Tell him to give you ten minutes." Obeying she messaged Dixon back. Knowing he needed to kill time he lowered his cell and walked over to Venus feeding on her clients cock.
"I'm in a good mood. Half price blowjobs for you three." He points at her current contract, "Fella there gets a lil' refund. Hear me Princess?" Venus pulls away smiling and wagging her tongue, "Yes Master." It was better than Daddy.
Stepping away he went back to his prior spot and watched her work. Four men total getting serviced Venus made her rounds surrounded by them, dicks in both of her hands, one in her mouth. Sighing at the kids devotion he puckered, "Best make it good Christina. You got serious competition here and you're a far cry from being what Venus here is." Was he in for a shock!
Back in Austin, Christina and Shawn headed outside, he taking nude pics of her on her front porch masturbating, then to the tailgate of his truck. Looking them over it was a start. As she sent the best two pics to Dixon some of her loyalists showed up to see her outdoors and Shawn filled them in. Tucker and Vince suggested she go further but she needed to know her man's true thoughts first.
Dixon receiving her photos opened them up and knew his front porch and truck bed well. Nodding he realized that someone had to have taken her pics, she was too busy to make a selfie or two. "Nice! Who's your photog? That Loni gal?" He knew of Christina's new girlfriend.
Replying back while surrounded by her lovers Christina wrote, "No. A neighbor boy. Mad?"
"What the hell?" Was his reply rubbing his chin before typing back. "You're letting a neighbor boy...take pics of you?"
Daring to answer with, "Mad?" He told her, "Not yet! Get a pic with him."
"Which one?" She responded. Again he growled, "Which one? What the fuck Chris?"
Taking a pic with Vince, the only one willing to be ballsy enough to share screen time with her at this point he made certain he was palming her breast. Once the picture was taken she added text, "This is our neighbor. He likes my body. I love you Dixon." Bravado was risky but she needed to know his thoughts.
Pic looked over Dixon growled faintly, "What are you up to Holly Golly? You've never been this openminded." He had to know the truth, typing, "You fuckin' him?"
"Do you want me to?" She replied with a blushing smiley face.
"Video if you do. Make it good or don't bother." He chuckled knowing she wouldn't go too far.
"He wants you to fuck me on video." She tells Vince, the other guys now wondering if this was a trap. "Should we?"
"You know I'd do it." Vince laughed, "Let's see if ole' Dixie can handle the new Christina." He dropped his pants and bent her over. Tucker taking her cell records her being taken from behind, Vince complimenting her on her butt bling. Pulling her hair and slapping her ass for effect Christina looked directly at the camera and told Dixon she loved him, and she would do anything for her man. Tucker went so far as to literally squat under her to capture video of Vince's dick going in and out of her cunt. A three minute video was enough. Tucker sent the video for her giving Vince time to nut inside her.
Video processed on Dixon's end he turned his volume down so that Venus couldn't hear it. She was likely too busy anyway. Playing the video his jaw dropped. "Well I'll be damned!" Watching it twice he wondered if he ever really knew Christina Holly. Finally texting his reaction he said, "Do better than that." It was definitely an eye opener. A test too!
"He says to do better than that." Tucker showed Christina. Eyes bulging at her man's expectation she tugged at her long blond locks.
"Let me have my cell." She reclaimed it, Vince's jizz running down her leg. Texting him she wrote, "Tell me if you're mad. Please be honest."
"Not mad. Curious! I'm liking this Christina."
"You better." She typed, "I'm never leaving you Mister Moretti. Just tell me what you want from me."
"Your best! Get to it!" His final thought.
Handing her cell to Shawn this time she marched right down into the middle of the street in broad daylight. Her entourage surrounding her she took Tucker and yanked his pants down then guided him to the tarmac. He being erect she eased down over his cock and sat down on him. Calling Vince back into action she delicately removed her butt plug and leans forward, he absorbed the hint and the two boys took her DP. Wanting in Mike another of her first time loyalists stuck his dick in her mouth. All around her guys were whipping their dicks out and circling them jerking off.
Shawn capturing every vivid detail of their rough fucking even under the circumstances. Cars even driving by carefully tooting their horns was caught on cam. Five minutes of footage, cum on her face Shawn panned directly on her to look into the camera, motioning her to speak up.
"Goo 'nough?" She asked with cum gurgling on her lips, "Ah can do betur." She spoke with a mouth full. Not one boy laughed at her. Cum spitting at her from all angles she ended the video with, "I love you Dixon."
"Damn Christina." Shawn muttered, "You sure you wanna send this?"
"Betur or wurse." She gargled the jizz in her mouth then swallowed it all. "I have to know my fate."
"Alright!" He readied the video in text then gave her the cell. "This has to be sent by your finger." Off it went.
Venus polishing up her knobs looked back for Dixon realizing he had gotten up into his tractor cab. Taking her money she strutted toward him and stood outside his door looking up to show him cum in her mouth. Blowing bubbles with her jizz she watched him turn pale. After having watched Christina go full on gangbang he was speechless.
"You okay Daddy?" Venus looked worried but waved her money at him.
"Get your ass in here. We need to talk."
While she raced around the cab he sent a final text to Christina. "Love you more." He then shut his cell off.
Venus sat with a stressed expression. Something was wrong she just knew it. "Daddy?" Her pout adorable but stressed. Ignoring her expression Dixon barked what he preferred.
"Master!"
"Master?" She pouted, "Did I do something wrong?"
"Nope! I did."
"What do you mean?"
"Y'know what? We'll talk tomorrow. Let's go take a nap until our next load is ready to pull." He just couldn't tell the kid his thoughts.
Mind blown!
So was his dick back in the sleeper.
Christina?
Fucked all night long.