Arnie's Fantasy fulfilled by ad Reader
Ashley discovers she loves being a slut
Warning! This story is about a nice guy who willingly makes his hot wife a slut. He's a good guy, but botches his duty in the 'Real Man Don't Share' department. Avoid this story if it's not your flavor.
I hope the remaining readers find an enjoyable story to comment on. Feedback is desired.
Rodryder44
*****
A green Mustang convertible cruises the highway effortlessly on this summer day with its speedometer pegged at 70. The car is done in British Racer Green with GT body stripes and wire spoke wheel covers on red striped high performance tires. It is powered by a 289 V8 with a 4 barrel carb.
Dion's "Runaround Sue" plays loudly through the front speaker.
"Here's my story, it's sad but true
It's about a girl that I once knew
She took my love then ran around..."
The deep rumble from the dual exhaust reverberated through the passenger's seat. The throaty engine vibrations made Ashley's pussy tingle.
..."The touch of her hair and this girl's warm embrace
So if you don't want to cry like I do
A keep away from-a Runaround Sue"
Her hair is in a ponytail covered by a blue and white triangle head scarf tied under her chin. Dark aviator sunglasses hid eyes made up with Revlon's "Raggedy-plus" lashes, and shimmer shadow on her eyelids. She's wearing a halter top in white with blue embroidered anchors that snuggle her ample bosoms showing impressive cleavage.
She wore no bra and knows her areolas and nipples are visible through the fabric. Her flat midriff is exposed to the sun. Her pleated blue mini skirt is gathered up her waist from the rush of air through the car's air vent. She wore lacy black boy short panties from Frederick's of Hollywood. She has on white bobos with ankle crew socks. Chanel's "Carmen" paints her generous lips; she loves the scent of her "Charlie" perfume.
I'm her husband, Arnie. I'm 25, 6' 1" 185 pounds on a good frame with chiseled abs, and a 9" cock. I love this Mustang and Ashley too.
"The Stripper" ringtone on Ash's phone went off.
Ash said her best friend Liz is calling and switched to the speakerphone so I could hear both sides of the conversation.
"Hey, bitch."
"Did you do it?"
"Yep, I did it."
"How many were there?"
"Two when I got there, three altogether." Ashley answered, unconsciously fingering her clit through her panties.
My cock went to full erect mode as I tried to watch her fingers and the highway at the same time.
Liz shrieked loudly through the phone. "Did you fuck them?"
"Yep, again and again. I got DPed all night long."
"Arnie better not find out."
"He knows, and you're on the speaker."
"Hi Arnie. How're ya doin'."
"I'm fine, Liz."
"I'll call you back, Ash."
"No, don't hang up. Fire away. Whad'ya wanna know"
"How did you meet them?"
"It was Arnie's doing. He opened an account on Fukkbuddy.sex using my name and personal info. When I learned about what he was doing he showed me 1,100 'hits' on my profile in 46 hours. He says this proves I'm a Hot Wife. I also saw he provided some pretty private details about me.'"
"Like what?"
"Like I fantasize about fucking multiple men, black cocks and doing anal. I may have said those things to tickle his fantasies, but I never would have put it in my profile. The fukkbuddy also requires an explicit photo so he sent one of me naked and smiling while holding my pussy lips apart to show my pink hole."
"It's a great picture." I said in self defense.
"Yes Arnie, it's a fucking great picture but it was supposed to be private! Asshole! Shut up and drive, cuck!"
"Ashley, don't say that to Arnie, you'll hurt his feelings."
"Liz, you have no idea. Arnie, tell Lizzy you're a cuckold."
I sigh, "Yes, Liz, I'm a cuckold."
"Why are you a cuckold?"
"I let other men fuck you."
"And?"
"I like the thought of other cocks being in your pussy."
"And?"
"I get very, very aroused seeing other men fuck you."
"And?"
"You let me eat your cunt after they cum in you."
She pats me on the head, "Good boy Arnie. Now pull your cock out and let me get a pic for Liz."
I didn't move fast enough so she pinches my ear until I free my bulging erection from my shorts. I heard her phone 'click' as I masturbated while steering.
A "ding" sound came over the phone as Liz's phone received the picture.
Another loud shriek from Liz; "His cock is ginormous Ashley! He's much bigger and fatter than my Phil. Why do you need another cock?"
"I didn't say I needed another cock, he said I needed one. This is his fantasy, not mine."
"How'd you hook up?"
"Arnie was showing me naked pictures from Fukkbuddy on his laptop. He got to Robbie's pic and said 'I'd like to see you fuck that one.' Well, Robbie's cock was down to his knee and my panties were immediately soaked. I told Arnie, 'Make me a date with him'.
"He texted Robbie, gave him my cell number and the guy called me right back."
"What did he sound like? What did he say?"
"He sounded like Kevin Federline and said he wanted to fuck me that night in every hole until I screamed for him to stop. He wanted to fuck me at his apartment and gave me the address. He told me to come naked and I did."
Liz let out a long screech "Weren't you afraid to drive naked?"
"Arnie drove me since it was his fantasy. It was still light out at 7 o'clock when he dropped me off at the apartment. There were people walking by as I got out of the car. I grabbed my iPhone and leaned back in to give Arnie a kiss goodbye deliberately exposing my ass and pussy to a couple passing by.
"The guy whistled and his companion slapped him as I walked the 50 feet to the apartment door and rang Robbie's bell. I was actually strutting and swaying my naked ass.
"My pussy was sopping wet from the excitement of being naked in front of strangers. My blood was rushing as Robbie buzzed me in. When I got to his door he was standing there naked with a full erection. I peed from excitement in the doorway as he led me inside. The night only got better when he introduced me to his naked roommate, Andy, whose cock was smaller than Robbie's.
"Robbie grabbed me from behind and turned me around and hugged me tightly and kissed me sweetly then lay me on his couch. There was no foreplay as he tried to get that monster in my pussy, but it hurt too much.
"Robbie handed me off to Andy who started licking my pussy and fucked me with his tongue. I came immediately and told him not to stop. He licked me all around and nibbled at my inner thighs and my labia before nibbling on my clit. I had one continuous orgasm; like an ocean was sweeping me away.
"Then Andy entered me. I was very wet and loose by now, and it was a good fuck. First he had my legs over his shoulders and pounded me like a jack-hammer until I screamed and came again. All the while he was twisting my nipples until they bled a little. I've never had that done to me before. He was calling me slut and cheating bitch and his words made me come again as my pussy grabbed his cock like a vice.
"I told Robbie to use my iPhone to take a picture of me being fucked to send to Arnie with the note "I'm having fun, are you happy now?"
Liz shrieked again "Ash, you didn't!"
"Yes she did." I answered.
"What did you think, Arnie?"
"I was excited, the picture was very erotic. When I realized it was a different cock I became uneasy in the pit of my stomach. I texted back that she made her point and that I was going to come pick her up."
"Did you?"
"She didn't respond to the text. I guessed she was too busy so I called her phone. A man answered and he said his name was Jason, Robbie's second roommate, and asked if I was Ashley's husband. I told him I was, and he said she's fun to fuck. He repeated a message from her to come at 2 AM and ended the call.
"I was at the front door at 2 and rang the bell and got buzzed in. I knocked at the apartment door and Robbie let me in. He was naked and his cock was flaccid. It looked bigger up close. In a bedroom he introduced me to Andy and Jason who were DP'ing Ashley at the time. Ashley said 'Hi, babe. Sit down while I enjoy this last fuck'.
"Robbie handed me a beer and started stroking himself as we watched his roommates plow her ass and cunt. It was fucking amazing watching her get fucked. I saw her sphincter muscles pulled in and out of her ass and her cunt lips stretching. Jason was fucking her cunt and biting her breasts. She had love bites on her neck and her ass too.
"I was fucking aroused and found myself with my cock in hand jerking off with Robbie as she screamed with another orgasm.
"A little later they switched and she was on top of Jason "cowgirl style" he was fucking her cunt and pulling her nipples off as she screamed for him to fuck her harder. Andy was behind her with his cock in her ass holding her by the hips and biting her shoulders. It was awesome.
"I took pictures as did Robbie. Finally after what seemed like an hour Andy and Jason both hollered they were coming just as Ashley reached another vocal climax. Her screaming sent me and Robbie over the edge and we both came on Andy's ass."
"Then you took her home?"
"No, I made him eat me out." answered Ashley with a devilish smile. "And he did. He sucked cum from the guys I fucked that night until it was gone. He gave me another orgasm when he tickled my clit. I came on his face. He swallowed and then kissed me with cum all over his face. I, naturally, was also covered with cum. We both tasted cum from my lovers' cocks.
"The only comment Arnie made was he noticed my pussy was shaved.
I told him Robbie likes girls' pussies smooth. Andy shaved me on the bathroom counter while Robbie and Jason took turns holding my pussy lips open for him. It was hard concentrating as their fingers kept slipping into me making me very hot.
"My ass was suspended over the sink. Their fingers were covered with shaving cream and Robbie's three fingers ending up in my ass was probably not an accident. I must have climaxed a half dozen times before Andy finished. He did the job perfectly, no nicks or razor burns. Arnie likes the girly look. He's a cuck and a perv.
"Finally it was the end of the perfect evening. Arnie shook hands with each of them thanking them for fucking me so well. He carried me naked to the Mustang and belted me in. He told me sluts always stay naked. I was so fucked I couldn't stand anyway. I felt great. I know I was still dripping from my pussy, but the leather seat cleaned easily."
"Wow." exclaimed Liz. "You're good about this Arnie?"
I answered "Yes, we're good Liz."
"I'm glad things are back to normal with you guys."
"Yes, I'll fuck Arnie as I normally do, and he won't ever say anything about my other dates."
"WHAT!"
"Yes, Liz. He made me a slut. And ya know what? It's so exhilarating I can't stop! I don't wanna stop. I discovered that the thrill of a new cock in my hole is mind-blowing. I'm gonna keep giving him his wish.
"Arnie likes it too. He gets a hard on each time I tell him I'm his slut. He loves looking at pictures of me being fucked. I'll send them to you. Let Phil see them.
"Arnie has another fantasy for me and already picked my date from Fukkbuddy for me. Guess what? He's big and b-l-a-c-k. His name is Antonne. I'm getting a whole new slutty wardrobe. Arnie also promised he will be letting his work buddies date me like he's always dreamed of me doing.
"I'll call you after my date with the fuck-by-fuck with Antonne. Oh Liz. I want to date Phil, is that alright, babe?"