I had a wonderful life with my parents and little sister, before being accepted in to College on the other side of the country. A virgin when I left home, I had kissed my share of boys, but never really done much more than that.
At College I met Brad, and things progressed slowly, and at the pace I set. He was a wonderful man, and, on the night I chose to give myself to him, proved to be a caring and considerate lover.
I found employment soon after graduating with honours, and, as a junior lawyer with the company, I earned a decent wage which supplemented Brad's wage as a Doctor. We were very happy and life was good. I was more than happy with our sex life together, and I thought I knew a fair bit about sex and pleasure, certainly enough to keep my loving husband happy, anyway!
In our second year of marriage I attended a conference with some of my work colleagues. It was, of course, in Vegas! Our rooms were shared, and I was with Patty, a woman older than I, but with whom I had struck a wonderful friendship both at work and outside of the office. Brad and I had entertained Patty and her husband, Ted, many times, and we considered them amongst our closest friends.
Anyway, after speaking to Brad on the phone one night, I told him I loved him as I hung up. Patty was sitting on her bed a few metres away, and smiled.
"Well princess, how about I take you out and show you the sights?"
Patty had been to Vegas several times, and she had promised to take me out on this, our last night, and show me some of the fun places on in Vegas.
"Let's go!" I said, keen to explore this amazing city.
We jumped in a cab, and I was careful not to let the taxi driver peer up my dress. You see, Patty had taken me shopping that afternoon and we had both bought what I would describe as 'racey' outfits. Mine was a red, knee length wrap dress made from very thin material, and it clung to my body like a second skin. For that reason, I was only wearing a tiny pair of thong panties, and high heels. After all, I knew I should never go out on the town with what Brad liked to call 'visible panty lines'. Patty was wearing a very short mini and a pair of boots, with a white tank top. For a woman of forty she looked amazing, and, as usual, I was a little jealous of her wonderful big boobs!
After a short ride in the cab, we jumped out at a place called the 'Happy Barmaid'. It was a cool little bar and we spent about an hour there having a few champagnes before Patty suggested we move on. Next stop was a restaurant where we ate wonderful teppanyaki, before heading to a massive club where we danced and flirted all night long. I had a ball!
It was two a.m. when Patty suggested we head home, as we had an early flight the next morning, and she said she wanted to make one more stop. I was dancing with a really nice black man, which was unusual for me, as I have no real black friends. However, James was lovely and we had danced for about an hour. I was, I have to admit, a little tipsy, and his hands had wandered at times to find my butt cheeks and he had even given them a squeeze or two before I reminded him I was married.
He was really sad to see us go, but Patty insisted, and so we jumped in another cab and headed off.
"He wanted to fuck you, you know!"
"What?" I said, "Me? No way! He knew I was married. Besides, I was only dancing with him!"
"AAaahhhh, such innocence, Tracey, such innocence."
The cab ride was surprisingly short, and as we climbed out, I straightened my dress and tried to clear my slightly fuzzy head a bit.
"Well, here we are, baby! Told you I wanted to make one last stop before we head back to Brad, Ted and our boring old jobs!"
"Patty! I can't go in THERE! It's.........it's.........it's a sex shop!"
I was truly shocked. I had never even thought of going in to a shop such as this, and I knew Brad wouldn't approve of me being in one either, especially dressed like I was and being half drunk!
"Don't be silly! Besides, I just want to buy you something as a memento of our trip. Now come on, get your ass in here and let's have some fun!"
She left me no real choice as she dragged me by the hand and pulled me into the main entry of the shop.
Inside a woman was behind the counter, and she looked really, really sexy. She had that sort of gothic look, with black hair and makeup, and a pierced nose, with ruby red lipstick. I smiled at her and she smiled back, before we headed through a second door and entered what I can only describe as a sex warehouse!
It was massive!
The walls were covered with lingerie, bondage equipment, sex toys, dvd's and magazines of all sorts. In all honesty I was totally embarrassed to be in there, as I had never really seen much pornography in my life, let alone been in a porno shop before. I walked around slightly dazed from the combination of alcohol and the intoxicating sensual attack I was under from the assortment of toys and sexual aids in the store.
"Ok, here we go, girl!" said Patty.
She was carrying a small shopping basket full of things, but as I tried to take a better look, she said, "Uh, uh! These are my gifts to you and Brad. I will wrap them up and let you have a look and a play with them when we get home, ok? No arguments, just do as you're told girl!"
The next morning we were soon on the plane, and as Brad picked me up from the airport, I kissed him deeply on the lips and squeezed him tight. It had been the longest I had been without him since we had met, and I had truly missed him.
That night, just as we were sitting down to dinner, there was a knock at the door.
"Damn! Who could that be?" Brad said, before going to answer.
He came back only seconds later carrying a large parcel.
"That was Patty. She didn't want to come in, but gave me this. She says you know what it is and that she hopes we enjoy it together, later tonight. What's all that about then?"
"Ohhhh...... let's finish dinner and Ill tell you as soon as we have cleaned up the dishes, ok?"
Brad put the parcel down on the kitchen bench and we finished dinner. My mind was racing. How would I tell my husband what was in the parcel? What would he think of me going in to a sex shop?
It turned out to be fine, because an hour later, after showering together and kissing and cuddling our way to bed, we were sitting up in bed and the parcel was between us.
"Now, darling," I said, "Don't jump to conclusions, but there are going to be some things in here that night shock us both. You see, last night as we were heading home from dinner (I lied, not telling him about dancing for an hour with a handsome black man) Patty forced me to go to a sex shop. She said she wanted to buy you and I a few little gifts to help expand our love life a little."
"What? She took you to a sex shop? My god, Tracey, what did you see there? What was it like?"
His reaction was a little different to what I had expected. I assumed Brad had been to places like that as a boy, but clearly I was wrong!
"Well, it was....kinda creepy...but kind of sexy too," I said.
"Wow! I'm stunned, but it's also made me a little horny, darling!" he said, "Let's open the parcel and see what's inside. "
I tore open the parcel, genuinely excited by what I might have found in there.
I was NOT disappointed.
The first item was a fake penis. I was large, and I mean L-a-r-g-e!. The packaging said it was ten inches long, and I don't doubt it. It was made from soft, black plastic, and it had a vibrator control at the base. Brad looked at me in shock.
"My god, hun. Is that a vibrator?"
"Seems like it" I said, "I wonder how you use it?"
"I'm sure we can figure it out!" said Brad, "What's next?"
Next, there was a huge double ended fake penis thing. I couldn't figure out why it had a penis on either end, and it was made from flexible jelly sort of material, and was at least fourteen inches long. I had no idea what it was for or how to use it.
Brad just shrugged his shoulders and laughed!
The third item was a blindfold and some really funny little fluffy handcuffs.
Mu pussy began to heat up, and I had no idea why as I kept opening the surprises on the bed with Brad.
The fourth item was a series of DVD's. The first two were called "Screw my wife, please" and the third was called 'The Gang Bang Girl". The last one was called "Betty's Baptism of Bondage" and I was truly shocked by the images on the cover.
"My god!" said Brad, before taking the Gang Bang Girl one from me and looking at the back cover to read the description.
His face turned red, but his penis poked its way upward under the blankets.
"Brad, I this stuff turning you on?" I asked, already knowing the answer. My husband was getting horny, and so was I.
The two last items in the parcel were a large box of all mixed coloured condoms, and finally a cute little toy that had a couple of different attachments for the end. It was called a 'tickler' and I really did not know what it was meant to be used for either.
"Wow!" said Brad.
"What on earth are we meant to do with these things?" I asked in return, genuinely not knowing how most of them were supposed to be used.
"Well hw about we start by watching one or two of the dvd's?" asked Brad.
"Sure. That's a good idea. Which one, honey?" I asked.
"Ummmm. Maybe this one?" Brad asked sheepishly, indicating the Gang Bang Girl one.
He stood up, his erect penis sticking up as he put the dvd in the machine, as I packed away the other toys and put them under the bed.
Climbing back in to bed, Brad snuggled me up with his arm around me and pressed 'play'.
The introduction showed us a sexy woman on a couch wearing a VERY sexy dress and huge, high heels. Brad fidgeted as we were introduced to her. Her name was TRACEY! Yes! Tracey! She had the very same name as me, and she actually looked slightly like me too. Her hair was blonde and she had rather nice, large boobs, which Brad has always said were my best feature.
Brad didn't say a word, but I felt him tense up as Tracey was introduced. I wondered if Patty had chosen this movie on purpose or whether it had been a complete accident.
The movie started with 'Tracey' walking in to am auto shop to have her car fixed. Without boring you all too much, she was soon being 'felt up' by one of the young men in overalls. I was very excited as he was touching and doing things to her I had not seen before. At one point he reached down under her dress and even fingered her bottom! The camera zoomed in and showed her opening accepting his finger back there and I was shocked. I had no idea people did that sort of thing.
Soon Tracey was stripped naked but for her heels by the man, and they began to have sex. She put his penis in her mouth and somehow managed to get almost all of it inside her throat! I had sucked Brad once about a month ago, but there was no way had been able to get more than about an inch or two in my mouth before I gagged and stopped.
For the next hour or so, I was stunned and shocked. Brad too was gasping and restless as we watched what can only be described as an orgy. Tracey was fucked by every man in the workshop! My god, was she a slut.
Near the end of the movie, when I thought I had seen everything a woman can do sexually, she actually fucked two men at once. Now I know you may find that hard to believe, but I swear it is true! She took one man in her pussy, the normal way, and then, using some kind of slippery stuff all over his penis, she allowed a second man to push into her bottom AT THE SAME TIME!
Brad surprised me by moaning as we watched that, and I reached down to touch is penis, as it was sticking up the blankets.
He was harder than I had ever seen him. I had no idea men's penis's could get that hard without bursting.
"My god, Brad! You're huge."
"Yes. I am stunned too, but that scene, where she fucked those two men at the same time, is the sexiest thing I have ever seen in my life, Tracey!"
I was confused.
"So.........you liked it? You thought it was sexy to see her being used like that?"
"Well.....ummm....yes, I think I did, baby!" he said, unsure of how I would react.
"But what if it was me who was doing that? What if it were my bottom that man was sticking his penis in to? Surely you wouldn't like that?"
"Well, no....of course not, honey!"
His face was mysterious, and I had an inkling that he was not telling the truth. My hand was still on his penis and as I gave it a good squeeze, he pushed his hips upwards. Then, without a word of warning, he grunted, thrust forwards, and came in my hand!
I was shocked.
"Brad! Ooooh my god! You WOULD want me to d o that wouldn't you? You DID wish it was me being fucked didn't you?"
I was surprised, hurt, confused, but also somehow, slightly aroused by his feelings.
I turned away from him, wiped my hand on his thigh and drifted off to sleep.
I must have had a nightmare, because in the middle of the night I woke up, covered in sweat, and noticed my pussy was soaking wet. I had dreamed I was being raped by several men in a factory, and they had even taken my bottom and taken it in turns to fuck me.
The next morning I was still confused. When I got up to shower, Brad had already left. It was Saturday, but he had a few appointments before lunch.
I sat down to have breakfast, my mind racing. I gathered up the contents of Patty's parcel and looked at them closely once more.
Before long I was back on our bedroom, and in y hand was the black vibrating penis. On the packet it called it a "Massive black cock." I always called men's things penises, but the word "cock" made me feel a little sexy.
"Cock."
"Cock."
I said it out loud.
Taking the "cock" in my hand I managed to figure out the controls. As I switched it on, it buzzed in my hand and I gasped suddenly, dropping it on the bed in surprise. It buzzed away and I picked it up again. I felt it with my hand as it vibrated, and I wondered what it would be like to use it the way it was shown on the back of the packet. A woman was first rubbing the tip against her clitoris, and it said it caused great orgasms. I had only ever had orgasms using my own fingers before. Brad had tried a few times to lick me and make me cum, but it had never worked. I wasn't sure if it was him or me, but I only ever came when I used my own fingers.
The second way it was shown being used was by pushing it in and out of a pussy. A rather sexy looking woman was shown pushing it deep in her pussy and looking directly at the camera. It made me feel very, very sexy.
Before I had time to change my mind, I put the dvd back in the player and pressed play. Then, taking the black vibrating 'cock', I sat back and watched the movie again, this time alone.
As the woman began to kiss several of the men at once, I took off my pants and pressed the tip of the vibrator against my clit. Then, as my eyes were fixed to the screen, as she rode up and down on one cock, while she sucked another, I switched it on, and almost wet my pants!
The buzzing of the big, black plastic cock made me cum within seconds, and I was stunned at the ferocity of the best orgasm I had ever had! It had only taken seconds, and, as I watched the woman on the screen being screwed in both her pussy AND her bum at the same time, I knew sex for me would never be the same again! My nipples throbbed, my pussy was dripping. Normally sex for me stops after Brad has cum, unless I manage to sneak my fingers down to my pussy and make myself have an orgasm as he is dozing off. However, at that very moment, having just orgasmed for the very first time using a sex toy, I knew I needed more.
Leaning forward slightly, as the woman on the screen grunted and took a large black penis, whoops, 'cock', into her pussy as a white man fucked in her bum, I pushed the large, black dildo into my own pussy. I was stunned. It filled me amazingly well, much larger than Brad's cock. Not only that, but in one push I was able to get the black cock all the way, and I mean ALL the way inside me! I felt it bottom out in my pussy, and I moaned and my lips went into that 'O' shape which I find so sexy!
As my eyes were glued to the tv screen, the woman was being totally fucked in both her holes now. I was pumping the black cock in and out of my pussy faster and faster, but then I realised something! I stopped fucking myself with the big, black dildo, and flicked on the vibrator part, then plunged it back in to my sopping wet pussy.
"My god!"
I had never felt anything like it. I felt a hot, buzzing sensation deep in my pussy, and not only that, but the fucking of myself in and out was incredible. I had truly no idea sex could ever be this good, and I was on my own! I wondered what the woman on screen must be feeling, having a cock in her pussy and one in her arse at the same time! No wonder she was squealing and moaning and thrashing around.
Just as I thought it could get no better as I pumped the black cock into my pussy and felt it buzzing deep inside me, on the screen a third man approached the woman being gangbanged and pushed his cock into her mouth! Yes, that's right, she now had a cock in each of her mouth, pussy and ass!
It was too much for me, and, amazingly, I came again! This time, my orgasm was not from my clitoris, but from deep within. The black dildo was jammed in my pussy as deep as I could get it, and I suddenly felt the walls of my pussy contracting against the hard dildo as the heat washed over me and I felt all flushed.
The next thing I knew, I woke up, and my black dildo was still stuck in my pussy, buzzing away!
I have no idea how long I fainted for, or what happened, but all I do know is that the orgasm, my second, was the most intense pleasurable feeling I had ever experienced!
A little embarrassed, but totally satisfied, I flicked off the dvd, cleaned up my new toys, and put everything away. In the shower I thought about what had just happened. I had realised there was much more to sex than Brad and I had experienced, and I knew I wanted to explore even more. I wanted to show Brad how much better it could be, and what kind of pleasures we were missing out on! I then did something that I knew Brad would never expect. I shaved off ALL my pubic hair until my clitoris was sticking out like a little rosebud above my exposed pussy lips. It felt amazing to rub my fingers all over it and have it totally slick and devoid of pubic hair.
Stepping from the shower, I took a long, hard look at myself in the mirror.
"You're damn cute!" I said, squeezing my boobs together as I blew myself a kiss and got dressed.
That night Brad and I went out to dinner, and I was really horny. I'm not sure why, given I had made myself cum twice watching the gang bang movie while he was at work, but I felt like I needed way more sex! Anyway, when we got home, Brad said he was too tired and I fell asleep frustrated and disappointed, wondering how I was ever going to get him to try some new things. He didn't even realise I had shaved my pussy specially for him!
At work the next Monday, Patty asked me how we liked the gifts. I told her everything, and even told her I felt as if I wanted to try all sorts of new things as a result of playing with the new sex toys. She asked me what Brad thought, and, when I teared up a little, she realised there was a problem.
"Oh. Doesn't he like to have fun in bed, Tracey?"
"Well, I thought he did" I said, "But the truth is he has never given me an orgasm, and last night, when I climbed in to bed wanting to, excuse me for being blunt, but, fuck his brains out, he told me he was too tired and rolled over and went to sleep. I don't know what to do, Patty. I want to try everything like the dvd showed me, but I'm scared Brad won't want to do any of it. What should I do?"
"Hmm, has there ever been a problem like this before?"
"No! It's really weird, but I felt as if he shrank away from me after we watched the video and stuff."
"I tell you what. We're having a party this weekend for some of our friends. Why don't you and Brad come along? It's a sexy party, you know, where we all dress up fun and sexy and play some sexy games and stuff. It'll give you the chance to see if he really wants to be sexy with you, or if he finds sex a little bit hard to handle. Who knows, he might like it!"
I made up my mind. We were going. I decided to tell him rather than ask him, and see what would happen. After all, since watching that video and giving myself such amazing orgasms using the sex toys, I knew I could not go back.
It was all set. I told Brad about the party at Patty's and he seemed excited! I was pleased, and that night, using my vibrating black sex toy as Brad fucked me in the classic doggie position, I had a wonderful orgasm as Brad filled me with his seed.
As we lay in bed cuddling after making love, we talked about the party.
"Patty says it's a 'sexy party' and we have to dress sexy. I don't think I have anything like that to wear, Brad. What should I do?"
"I tell you what, honey. How about I pick you up a few things that I like, and then you can choose what you want to wear? Then you can do the same for me, ok?"
"That sounds great!" I said, happy that Brad seemed really keen about the 'sexy party'.
The fact he offered to buy me some sexy outfits made me kiss him on the lips. I reached into the drawer and took out the little tickler that had been in Patty's parcel. I had figured out what it was for after asking her at work, and, as Brad watched on, I slowly parted my legs and put the tickler to my clit before flicking the switch.
Within minutes I was climaxing wildly on the bed as Brad squeezed my breasts quite hard and the tickler made me cum like crazy.
"Wow, babe! That was amazing," said Brad as I crashed into the orgasm with the force of a truck!
"My god, Brad. I had no idea sex could be this much fun!"
The next day at work I told Patty things were looking up, and she was really pleased for us. I also told her that Brad was going to shop for some sexy outfits for me, and that I had agreed to do the same for Brad.
"Tracey, honey. Do you even know where to shop for sexy men's stuff?"
The honest answer was no.
I must have looked dumbfounded.
"I thought not. Tell you what, at lunch today I'll come with you and take you to the shops that Ted and I got to, ok?"
At lunch Tracey and I headed out and after grabbing a quick sandwich on the run, we made it to the shop she had told me about. Inside were a whole stack of sexy outfits, and I was getting really horny looking at them all on display. I had never seen anything like the leather, satin, lycra and spandex clothes that were on the mannequins.
In the end I chose a lovely pair of what Patty called 'chaps' made of leather, with a funny looking harness thing and a leather mask for Brad. To top it off I also bought him some leather wrist cuffs and a small leather whip to round out his outfit. I knew he would look spunky in such a manly outfit at the party!
By the end of the week we were really looking forward to the party. On the Friday night I took out Brad's outfit and showed him what I had bought him. He tried it on, and he looked amazingly rugged and handsome! I wanted to gobble him up and have him fuck me right there, but Patty had told me I was under no circumstances to let him have his way with me until Saturday, and I decided to follow her advice.
Then, it was Brad's turn to show me what he had bought for me to choose from, and I was really disappointed! You see, Brad was very limited in his sexual knowledge, like me, but he had nobody like Patty to guide him. He had picked some nice tight jeans, a pair of tight workout pants, and a couple of sexy tops, but none of them were any good for the party. I tried them all on and he sensed my mood, even thought I knew I looked great.
"What's the matter honey? No good?"
"Oooh, Brad. These are gorgeous, and I am soooo proud of you shopping for me like that, but, can't you see they just aren't the right kind of 'sexy' for Patty and Ted's party? I have to look kind of, you know, raunchy."
"Ok, ok. I'm sorry baby. I had no idea what to buy or where to buy it! Can you help me tomorrow?"
"That would be fantastic fun!"
I kissed my loving husband on the lips and we drifted off to sleep in each others arms. The next day we showered and dressed. I wore the new skin tight workout pants he had bought me, and the white crop top. Feeling really nervous but also excited about the party, I decided to be wicked and wear no bra. My boobs were free under the white crop top and I loved the way my nipples could be seen through the thin material.
"Honey? Haven't you forgotten something?" asked Brad when I came out ready to go.
"Oooh, Brad. Don't be so timid, baby! Let's go and have some fun. You know how much I love shopping!"
And with that I wiggled my bum as I walked out the front door, loving the teasing I was doing to my husband.
I took Brad to the same shop where I had bought his leather gear. When we walked in, he was clearly nervous. The same girl who had served me was behind the counter once more.
"Well, hi there folks. So how did the leather chaps look on this studs tight buns?"
Brad blushed, but I felt totally excited by her question.
"He looks awesome in them, and the way they cupped his butt made me want to eat him all up!" I said, smiling proudly.
"So what can I help you with today, sugar?" asked the lady.
"Well, this time it's for me. We're going to a sexy fancy dress party tonight, and I want to look amazing."
"Ok, well I think we might be able to help you there. So, stud, how do you like your slut to look in front of other men?"
Her question was very blunt and directed at Brad as she looked him in the eye. He was shocked.
"Ooh. Umm. I don't know really. Something.....sexy I guess."
"Well duh!! I know that handsome, but what rocks your boat? You know, what's your flavour? What do you LIKE?"
It was fun and over the next half hour or so I tried on a few things, and watched with delight as Brad grew more and more confident making his feelings known about each one. Finally our decision was made, and Brad paid for all the items, and we thanked the lady for her wonderful service, before heading home to get ready.
Brad showered first, and as he stood in the shower washing his hair, I surprised him by climbing in with him. He started to kiss me and play with my boobs, but when tried to finger me and go further, I stopped him as the water cascaded down our bodies. I reached for his shaving cream, and then, for the first time in our life, I shaved his cock and balls completely clean of the fuzzy pubic hair. He tried to protest at first, but I put my finger to his lips and said nothing as I shaved it all off. Once finished, I stepped from the shower and waited for him to get out, before getting back in myself, and shaving myself slick completely once more, removing the stubble that had grown during the week.
I sat on the bed and watched as Brad dressed in his chaps. He looked amazingly hot, and I really did want to fuck him right there and then.
When it was my turn, I tool out my outfit and decided to dress really slowly.
First, I put on the tiny black g-string, then the matching black lacey push up bra. Over the top I put the skin tight black, wet look mini dress that hugged me like a second skin, and finally, the six inch stiletto heeled sandals that made me taller than Brad!
I looked like a high priced call girl and I loved it. Judging by Brad's erection, he did too.
I wore a longish black button up coat over my outfit. The only hint of anything sexy was the glimpse of heels on my feet -- six inch heels! Brad wore a pair of track pants and a jacket over his kinky chaps and harness, and on his feet were his new black leather boots. The taxi driver must have thought we were crazy because it wasn't really that cold, but I think he also knew I was wearing something sexy underneath when I walked to the cab in my heels. It was a fun drive to Patty's house, and I had my hand on Brad's thigh as we chatted nervously about what the party might be like.
I was nervous, but totally excited by the unknown. Patty had told me a bit about what went on there, and how some of the guests might get pretty sexy with their partners, and with others if they wanted to! Secretly I wanted some other men to want me, so I knew what that felt like, but I didn't tell Brad. I knew he was VERY nervous and so had just told him it was a sexy fancy dress party.
We arrived and Ted greeted us at the door wearing a mankini! Yes, it was even the same colour as the one Borat had worn in that awful movie.
As he took my coat, he wolf-whistled me, and I was totally turned on!! That was exactly the reaction I had hoped to get, and, although pretending to be shy, I stuck out my chest and kissed him on the cheek as Brad undressed too and put his things in the cloakoom near Ted's front door.
I kissed Brad on the cheek.
"You look hot, sexy!"
Then, taking him by the hand, I lead him through the house to the games room where I spotted Patty serving drinks to the guests. She was wearing a French maid outfit, and those amazing boobs of hers were sticking up like watermelons!
"My god, Brad, look at Patty's boobs!!!"
"I'm right ahead of you babe. I was just checking them out myself!"
We met Patty and had a couple of drinks as we surveyed the crowd and started to chat to various people. We knew none of them apart from Ted and Patty, but somehow that made the fact we were dressed like sex addicts a little easier!!
Brad became really relaxed after some women had commented on his excellent butt in the black leather chaps, and he seemed more comfortable with the near nakedness of many of the guests.
We spent the first hour or so dancing together in the games room, commenting about and watching the other couples laugh and carry on. Slowly, as the night progressed, more drinks were had and more people let their inhibitions down. Patty and Ted found us at one stage and we swapped dance partners for a few songs.
I don't know if Patty knew, but when I was dancing in the crowded room with Ted, wearing his mankini, he pressed his body against me and held me close. I felt his cock stiffen at one point and he put his hands on my bum and whispered in my ear.
"You look sooooooo fucking hot, Tracey. I want to strip you off and lick that sweet fanny of yours...."
I laughed and pulled away a little, but was totally aroused by his words, not to mention his cock.
"My, my Ted. I think that's enough drinks for you, honey!" I said, before walking off, giving my bum a little extra wiggle as I found the bathroom to freshen up.
When I came back, Brad grabbed hold of me and kissed me full on the lips, right in front of everybody who was dancing! I was shocked, but totally aroused by his forcefulness.
"Brad!! Wow. What's got in to you?"
"Nothing, sexy! Now how about you and I go find a quiet place to be naughty?"
His words were slurred, and I could tell he was rather drunk by this stage, but I was sooo excited he was relaxed and horny, I took his hand and we headed off to find one of the bedrooms for a quick kiss and cuddle!
We found the spare bedroom at the back of the house. We'd actually slept there once when we had partied with Patty and Ted and had too much to drink. Brad was all over me the moment the door was closed, and I marvelled at how hard he was the instant we kissed. The new sexiness in me was taking over, and before long, we were naked and as we kissed, we fell on to the bed.
Brad was ravenous, and I lay back and enjoyed him as he made love to me. The highlight was that after fucking me and cumming inside me, he dropped to my pussy, and, as I moaned loudly, he bought me to orgasm with his tongue as he licked my cum-soaked clitoris! It was amazing!! My husband has just given me my first ever oral orgasm and I lay there moaning as he slowly eased up on his tongue work and relaxed. I lay there for a few moments with me eyes closed, and when I opened them, Brad was on the floor! I'm not sure how, but he must have drunk way too much because he was laying there, totally naked, and completely passed out on Patty's carpet next to the bed!
I was distraught!
I had been totally in love moments before when he had pleasured me, but now I was laying naked on the bed apart from my heels and my husband was unconscious!
I was angry. I was also still VERY horny.
I grabbed my dress and put it back on. I used my g-string to wipe the small amount of cum that was seeping from my recently used pussy, and then put the knickers in Brad's pocket with my bra. I checked my appearance in the mirror and then headed back out to the party -- very upset.
Patty found me and asked what was wrong.
"My useless husband just fucked me and fell asleep in your spare bedroom!"
"OOOoh. I did think he was drinking a lot more than normal!! Oh well, he'll be safe in there and can sleep it off, honey! Now come on, enjoy yourself and have a dance with the others. You'll be fine!"
She took me by the hand and got me a glass of water. I enjoyed the coolness of the liquid and then struck up a conversation with a couple about Patty's age. Her name was Nola and he was Leon, and they were lovely. Nola was dressed as a harem girl and Leon was a rather naked looking Indian. His dark skin was well suited to his outfit, and I learned he came from New Mexico and had moved here three years ago when he met Nola.
After about an hour of chatting and dancing, I had consumed two more champagnes. I was feeling tipsy, so I went out back to get some fresh air. Patty and Ted have a lovely outdoor pergola area with a sun lounge, and I wanted to just sit and relax a bit. As I heard my own heels click their way down the garden path beyond the bushes, I also heard some other sounds once the music from the house had faded a little. The sounds were moans and groans, and I knew someone was there having sex! I froze. I wasn't sure what to do, but I knew I wanted to see who was making the noise and what they were doing.
As the sun lounge came in to view, I stopped in my tracks. In my limited sexual experience, I had never seen anything like it, apart from the dvd that Patty had given me a week earlier.
There, on the sun lounge, on her hands and knees, was Patty, with a large black man fucking her from behind, while she busily sucked a white man's cock in her mouth at the same time. O either side of her were two men, making it six men that were busy fucking my friend.
I stood still and watched a moment, hoping no-one would see me. My pussy was on fire, and I lowered a hand to explore my naked clitoris under my short dress. My other hand wandered north and found my erect nipples, and I moaned slightly as I watched Patty shaking in a orgasm as the two men fucked her at both ends, the other men touching, playing and fondling her body all over.
As Patty's orgasm wracked her ample body, her boobs shook and her head thrashed about, and it was too much for the man in her pussy. He grunted and then pulled his cock out, before spraying a lovely arc of cum way up high on her shoulders as he came. He then jerked about three more shots out of his cock as I watched him groan and then move away, watching as Patty wiggled her sexy arse at the other men playing with her.
I must have gasped or something, because suddenly the six men looked my way, and, seeing me masturbating watching them, two of them approached me! I was terrified!
They lead me by the hand gently toward where one of the other men was now pushing his cock into my friend from behind, while she still sucked and sucked on the cock in her mouth. Just as the three of us approached, the man in Patty's mouth yelled that he was going to cum, and as he pulled out, Patty opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue, ready to be sprayed!
I stood there watching the man cover her face in cum, and he had plenty! She was soon coated all over her mouth, chin, cheeks and even some in her hair from the man who had just cum.
Without realising it, my own fingers were replaced by the two men either side of me, and I looked down to see two hands playing with my pussy and clitoris. It was amazing. I just said nothing, as the first two men to touch me like that since my husband began to make love to me. It was if I was powerless, yes my mind didn't want me to stop them!
Soon I was naked, as they removed my dress, and before I knew it, I was having my legs parted by one man who was on his knees before me, licking my clitoris, as the second man fingered my pussy and sucked my nipples.
Slowly they then pleasured me and pleasured me, until I began to climax within seconds, the tongue on my clitoris crashing me into a wild orgasm that caused me to scream out loudly, until man number two silenced me by kissing me, his tongue thrashing about in my mouth as I struggled to stand from the waves of pleasure enveloping my entire frame.
Finally I collapsed onto the man below me, and as he removed his talented tongue from my pussy, he picked me up and, with the help of the second man, they carried me to the bed where Patty was now climbing down to make way for me and the two lovers. At the same time, the other men were starting to touch and fondle me, and I closed my eyes and found myself immersed in a world of touching, fingering, kissing, and finally, fucking.
Yes, without a minute's delay, I was entered by a man who had positioned himself at my open, wet pussy. I felt the heat instantly as he pushed his cock into me, his hands on my ankles as he raised my legs in the air. Either side of me were two cocks, and I desperately sucked and licked each of them, not knowing how I was supposed to satisfy them all at once. I reached out with both my hands and found erections to pump, as I sucked a cock so deep I thought I would gag.
Suddenly the cock in my mouth exploded, and I tried to get it out of my throat as my eyes popped open with shock! But the man cumming in my mouth was having none of it. He gripped me by the hair, and roughly pushed his pulsing cock deeper into my throat until I had no choice but to gulp it down or choke!
I was violently stroking the two cocks in my hands as I managed to break free and breathe, and I looked up to see the man who was fucking me. Unlike the violent face fucking I had just received, the man fucking me was using long, slow, deep strokes, and was fucking me like I never felt possible before. He was incredible, and I began to push my pussy downwards to meet every thrust as I continued to jack off the two men in my hands.
Out of nowhere I felt hands on my buttocks, and I was lifted up while still fucking the amazing guy inside me. Then, with a strange sensation in my bottom, I felt a finger push into my butt and start to fuck me slowly in a nice, wet motion even as I was still being fucked in my pussy. It was a wonderful feeling, and as I enjoyed the dual stimulation, my nipples were being sucked and a finger was flickering on my swollen clitoris helping me towards another orgasm.
This time the orgasm was building slowly, and sex for me was now my number one priority. Gone was the shy, innocent wife with limited sexual experience, who gave herself the only orgasms she ever had. In her place, was me. A cock sucking, stranger fucking, gang-bang queen who had one man fucking her deeply, another underneath her fingering her arse hole, two more sucking her nipples, and a fifth and sixth man in each hand as she pumped their cocks, demanding they cum and cover her with their semen.
The men stopped for a moment, and I was lifted off my lover's cock. I was about to complain bitterly, when I was placed on top of him and felt my pussy once more filled with his amazing cock, my tits now dangling above my lover's face as I rode him up and down myself. Behind me was the man who had been fingering my bum hole, and I wondered what he was doing at first. But then, one of the other men whispered in my ear.
"I'm going to watch you get double fucked you hot bitch!"
His words were hissed, and I suddenly realised what he meant!
I turned to protest, but another cock was jammed in my mouth, and the fingers on my clit made me focus purely on my own pleasure as I sucked and sucked furiously, jamming my pussy down on the cock inside me. The man fucking me his amazing cock stopped me suddenly and held me still. At first I thought he was going to cum, but then, with a hot, slightly painful feeling at first, I felt the man behind me ease the head of his cock into my arse hole, and time stood still.
I closed my eyes and imagined I was the woman in the dvd Patty had given me. My body totally gave itself up to the pleasure the men around me were giving me. My nipples were still being sucked or pinched, I have no idea which, but it felt good! The finger on my clitoris pulsed and pulsed, making my whole pussy throb. My pussy walls were involuntarily contracting on the cock inside me, even though I was still. Then, with an amazing sensation of relief, the cock head of the man fucking my arse slipped all the way inside me, and I was being penetrated by two cocks at the same time for the first time in my life.
It felt amazingly tight at first, until my arse hole started to relax and then the most incredible feeling of sexual expression took over my whole body as the six men fucked me and turned me on like never before.
I began to bounce up and down on both the cocks inside me, and I was delighted when I then opened my eyes and saw two hard cocks next to my face as the men stood on the edge of the lounge. I turned my head and sucked on one, then swapped sides and sucked the other, as the other two men sucked my tits and both played with my clitoris now.
Finally, the man below yelled out that he needed to cum. I think all the other men expected me to get off him, and let him cum on me, but I was having none of that! I wanted to ride him and make him cum inside me, and that's exactly what I did! I thrust my pussy down on him as hard as I could, time and time again, until he came and yelled so loud I thought the neighbours would call the police!
His cum hit me like a bolt of lightning inside my pussy walls and I felt surge after surge of his gooey juices spurting into me, even as the man in my arse hole kept fucking me from behind.
The man below me eased himself out of my pussy, and I dripped a few globs onto his body as the man behind me announced that he too, was starting to cum.
I simply pushed back and then started to squeeze my arse muscles as hard as I could on his cock as he fucked me in the butt. It was to much for him and I, and as I felt the first spurt of his cum spray my bowels, I orgasmed once more, my head thrashing up and down wildly as the force of the men sucking my nipples made me almost pass out!
It was an amazing feeling to be fucked by so many men in Patty's back garden, but before the night was over all six of them fucked me in various ways. I know I allowed five of them to fuck my pussy, and I made sure to have each of them fill me inside with their cum. Four of the men managed to cum in my arse, which I adored! As the last man pulled his cock out of my tight arse hole, after filling me with his cum, I reached back and pushed a finger into m y own arsehole, and was stunned at how open it was! Then, I decided to see how much of my fingers would fit in my freshly fucked arse, and was shocked when I actually popped my whole small fist in my own bum!
"Fuck me, " said one of the men who had just cum in my arse. "Look at that will you? She's fisting her own arse!"
His words seared my brain and I felt like a true slut, just like the woman in the dvd. I had several orgasms with the six men who fucked me, but as I fisted my own arse in front of them now, I wanted something more.
"Patty, please go in and find Brad! I need to fuck my husband."
Five minutes later, I was still on my knees, leaning on one hand as I pumped my fist in and out of my own arse in front of the men who were now getting hard again and wanking at me as I fucked my own arse. I sucked on two of them at the same time, until I looked up, and, with my mouth totally full of the dual cocks, I saw Brad.
His eyes were filled with shock, but his cock was hard. It was an interesting mix.
I kept sucking the two cocks, pulled out my hand from my arse, then wiggled my sloppy, open arse at my husband and stopped sucking long enough to speak.
"Come fuck your slutty wife in the arse baby! These studs want to see me get fucked in the arse, and you're just the man to do it!"
I turned away from him now and resumed sucking the cocks in front of me.
Behind me I felt a small object pushed into my arse, and I knew Brad was fucking me. I stopped sucking long enough to once more turn around and look at Brad as he fucked my amazingly loose arsehole.
I smiled and begged him to fuck me harder in my tight, slutty arse.
He gripped my hips really roughly and then all hell broke loose! He jammed his cock in and started to cum deep in my bowels, grunting and groaning as he filled me once more with cum in my arsehole. The two men just pumped their cocks in my face and they too began to cum, spraying my face and hair with their semen once more. I just opened my mouth and eyes and took as much cum as I could get in my throat and gulped it down as my husband came deep in my arsehole.
The next morning I woke to find Brad laying next to me in bed. He was watching a video on the TV as I slept. I looked up and smiled, thinking it was the dvd Patty had given me. On the screen a woman was being fucked by several men at once, in her pussy, mouth and arse.
As I lay there, my eyes focusing finally on the screen, I realised the woman on the screen was me.