Chapter 1
Veronica couldn't sleep. She rolled over to check her phone one more time and saw it say 4:00 AM. As far as she knew, she hadn't actually fallen asleep since she rolled into bed around midnight. She never slept that well anyway, but she knew that in this case, it really was nerves about the trip she was about to take. She had a flight the next afternoon to Germany to go on an adventure that she had been looking forward to for weeks, but now terrified her as it drew near. In a little less than 48 hours, Veronica was going to be taking a walk through the city center of Dresden on a busy Friday afternoon. The important, and scary part, was that she would be taking that walk without any clothes on.
Some background for how Veronica ended up in this situation: she was a 25-year-old American girl who felt like she was stuck in a boring life that she didn't ask for. She graduated college with an ok but not great GPA and a journalism degree, but struggled to get a job in her field. She ended up working as a waitress and then bartender at an obnoxious club in San Diego. It was supposed to just be a temporary job until she found something better, but now it had been nearly 4 years and nothing had changed. Bartending brought in just enough money to survive, but she definitely didn't have the kind of savings she should have.
Ideas for supplementary income frequently crossed her mind, but work kept her busy enough that she couldn't really try anything.
She was just as stuck in her personal life. She had been long single, except for a couple of casual partners that didn't mean much to her. She was constantly hit on while at work, but it didn't lead to anything, mostly because she didn't want it to. Family was far away and she plenty had friends, but none that were really close and meaningful. She had both introvert and extrovert tendencies, which made it hard for relationships to develop and stick. Work drained her energy, so when she was free, she liked to have her nights at home, alone. At least she was surrounded by customers and coworkers while she was bartending. She actually enjoyed bartending in a way. It wasn't what she wanted long term, but it was fun enough for now. Since she wasn't that attached to her life in San Diego, she frequently considered just leaving it all and starting over somewhere else. But she wasn't actually brave enough to do something that crazy. So she just kept on going to work day after day and trying to get by.
The other important thing to know about Veronica was her particular kink. That's what really got her into this situation. Veronica loved the idea of exhibitionism and voyeur. She was no prude in any definition of the word. Actually, she'd call herself totally sex positive. She had no problem with porn, frequently enjoying it herself. She slept around in college and enjoyed wearing revealing clothing to frat parties. That continued for a time in her adult life before the job took over her time and energy. The bar she worked at actually required her to wear a pretty revealing uniform, with very short spandex shorts and a deep cut top. Being honest with herself, that uniform and the way she felt in it had kept her at that job longer than she should have stayed. But that uniform was the farthest she had ever gone with her fetish. She was neither brave enough or crazy enough to actually try showing off her body in any kind of unusual setting. Basically, being briefly naked around the gym locker room and in front of sexual partners was her only real exhibitionist experience. But it was good enough.
The ultimate release of her kink was when she was watching the porn she loved. She was initially surprised to find that there was so much content of naked women in public online, but she was glad to see that so many other people had the same interests she did. It made her feel less naughty and less alone with her kink. She even used her limited extra cash to subscribe to one of the big naked in public sites. Watching those videos and imagining how the girls felt while being out there so exposed led to many fantastic orgasms for her. She frequently wondered how she'd feel in their place, but couldn't imagine any reality where she was in a situation even close to that. So she just enjoyed her porn and kept living her life.
There really was no obvious reason that she was so turned on by that fetish, but she loved it. It inspired a complex assortment of emotions when she watched it or thought about it, but in a way it always came down to power. She saw those girls walking around with no fear or shame, totally in control of their actions and commanding total power over the situation. Every eye was on them and that was exactly what they wanted. And maybe that was what she wanted. It was a good enough fantasy to get off to every so often, but just that, a fantasy.
So Veronica was just an everyday millennial girl who felt directionless in life and desperate for change, who just happened to have a kink for the idea of being naked in public. Soon her life was going to change just like she wanted.
The inciting incident for the trip she was about to take happened on a Wednesday morning without warning. A text from her boss woke her up, requesting that she come in early for an all hands-on deck meeting. At 2:00, she and the rest of her coworkers arrived, all confused about the subject. Their boss didn't keep them in suspense. The club was going to be closing for a major renovation due to a water damage issue, so they were all going to temporarily lose their jobs and go on extended furlough. For many, including Veronica, that news caused financial panic.
Technically they were going to keep getting paid part time, but most of them really relied on the tips to make enough to survive. Tips could make up nearly 75% of her income on a good week. They were told that the club would be closing in about a month and a half, and then would be closed for over half a year, so their boss encouraged them to start looking for other places to pick up some work during the closure. Without a new job, she'd be in serious money trouble.
Veronica started following some leads on other bartending jobs she could pick up, but then she started to wonder if this incident was an opportunity to break out of her rut. Maybe she should use this as an opportunity to move away and start over. Or maybe try to get into an entirely new career if she stayed in San Diego. She really felt that this was the time to push herself to try something new. But at least at first, she just kept looking for bartending jobs around the city.
A week or two later, while on one of her porn sessions late at night, she saw something that gave her pause. On her favorite site, that one she subscribed to, she noticed a news post titled "Looking for New Models". Without thinking, she clicked, since she read all the news updates on there anyway. It said that they were preparing for a busy summer of shooting and were looking for suggestions for new models they should try to book. Modeling was to be paid, travel would be covered, and the dates were flexible. It was definitely intended to elicit suggestions of pornstars and internet models that might be popular to the subscribers. But the message also ended with an update about the upcoming model.
The update gave a bio and sample pic of the model for next month, a short and skinny blond girl named Angela, who according to the text was a student and a complete amateur model. Veronica had always assumed that all the girls on here were porn models that did stuff like this regularly. But the bio said that Angela was completely new to this and just wanted to try it out because she thought it would be fun. It said that she was nervous at first, but then had a great experience and didn't regret it at all.
She went back to the videos and continued to get off, but that idea of a completely amateur girl walking around a city fully naked kept coming back to her. What kind of girl with a normal life just decides one day that it would be fun to take off her clothes and walk around Prague, especially while being filmed for the internet? It was certifiably insane. But it was possible and it had happened and that meant that it could happen again. She often thought about herself in the place of the girls she watched, but now it was different. That idea always went away quickly after she finished masturbating, when her logical senses overrode her temporary horniness. She had one of her best orgasms in a long while that night, and for the first time, the thrilling idea of walking around naked in public didn't go away.
She put the idea aside though and continued to go to work while she still could. Now just a couple weeks until she would take a major financial hit, she didn't have much of a plan. She heard other bartenders around her talk about new jobs they had picked up, which just meant that she was both behind schedule and now there were less available positions around the city to be filled. A coworker asked what Veronica planned to do, and she had no response besides suggesting that maybe she would try something besides bartending. She needed a plan.
While brainstorming ways she could make some extra cash, the invasive thought crept back in. Models get paid. That was all she needed to start thinking about her exhibitionist porn again, so as soon as she could that night, Veronica went back to her favorite website. She went straight to one of her favorite videos, where an 18-year-old first time model walked around Prague for nearly half an hour. It was so sexy to see a girl so in control and confident. She wanted to be that confident. She did something she had never done before and actually went to google street view to track the path the model walked. Seeing the streets for some reason made it easier to imagine herself in it and she had another fantastic orgasm.
After getting off, instead of closing the website, she went back to read the models wanted post again. She wasn't really sure why, but she was compelled to at least read it. Could she really do that, she thought. Could she walk around a city in the nude? Quickly, she decided that was an insane idea, closed the page, and tried to put it out of her mind. That was the responsible response to a crazy thought.
But like clockwork, the idea came back to her just about every day for the next week. Sometimes it subtly slid into her mind in the evening, sometimes it was much more obvious, like the day that she watched a movie that had an explicit and extended nude scene. Each day she thought about what if she was a nude model, masturbated, and then forced the idea away for as long as she could. Also, each day she continued to fail to find a job alternative. There was a possibility that she was self-sabotaging herself to keep the possibility that her subconscious obviously wanted. But she justified it as keeping her options open in case she decided to move somewhere else suddenly for instance. But she knew what she was really leading herself to.
She planned to sit down and figure out her life that next weekend, with the goal to have a definite decision of what to do finally made. The strategy was to put together a pro and con list for the different directions she was considering and let that lead to the right choice. The list for staying in San Diego as a bartender was obvious. It was safe and she likely could eventually find a job that kept her afloat, but it would leave her stuck in the life she didn't really love. The list for moving to another city and continuing to bartend came together quickly as well. The biggest problem it had was that moving was going to take money she didn't really have. And the pros and cons for trying to get into a new career in the city had its own problems. The idea of a new career was cool, but she had no idea how to start and it would likely mean weeks or months before she was back to a stable income.
No option was obvious. So the thought crept back in and she was forced to actually consider it. What if she were to be model for her favorite website? The pros were that she would make some money that she desperately needed and she would get to live her exhibitionist fantasy. The cons were that it would involve her walking through a city naked and then it being posted on the internet.
So could she actually walk through a city with no clothes on? Her brain continued to yell that it was insane, but her desires were leading her to believe she could. Her logic told her that she could get arrested and put on the news as the crazy naked American girl. Or someone she knew could randomly run into her. Or a passerby could take a picture of her and put it on Facebook, leading to her eventually getting caught. Those would be disastrous situations.
But the part of her that really wanted it responded to each complaint. The website showed that there had been 100+ girls do this exact same thing over the last few years, and they never seemed to run into legal trouble. And she never saw any news articles about naked girls getting arrested or any pictures on social media. And its not like she knew anyone in Europe. Plenty of girls had done this before, so why couldn't she? It would be totally fine, her increasingly horny-self rationalized.
For the internet part, she actually felt ok with the idea of porn of her being online. It wasn't ideal, but not a deal breaker because of the particular website. All the content was behind a subscription, except for limited previews, so it felt a little safe. And she thought that the website was niche enough that someone would have to be looking for it to find her. And it wasn't like she had a solid career that this could derail. She was already a bartender that halfway dressed as a stripper. This was just the next step, and it wasn't like she was going to do hardcore porn that was posted publicly. She decided that it was safe enough that she could do it.
But did she have the actual confidence to do it? That was the last thing that blocked her from really considering it. Sure, she liked the idea, but it was just an idea, a fantasy to masturbate to late at night. There was no way she could be like those girls however much she wanted to be like those girls. They were stunningly beautiful and insanely confident, and she was a mid-twenties bartender who needed cash. She added it to the pros and cons list, even though she felt it was impossible, and took a break, hoping for some clarity later in the evening.
But instead of clarity, she came back later that night with alcohol. Yes she knew that was probably a bad idea but she needed it. She was stressed and needed a release that night, so she decided to make a quick stop at her favorite website to clear her mind and then get back to the list. She clicked on another one of her favorite girls, Nicole, a slender girl with long black hair and a tendency to spread her legs whenever she sat while walking in public. She watched and edged for a while, continuing the session longer than she had planned. Horny Veronica was back and ready to take control. Maybe that's really what she wanted.
After finishing one video, instead of starting the next, her hand pulled the cursor down to the bottom of the page, where there was a contact button. Before she could stop herself, she clicked. A blank email opened up. She stared at it for nearly a minute, deciding what to do. It wasn't like an email committed her to doing it. She rationalized that this was just information gathering to aid her pros and cons list. So eventually, after another drink, she started to write the email that started it all.
Good evening,
I saw your news post about looking for new models and I have some questions. I'm a 25 year old American girl and I love your website. I've thought about it a lot since seeing your call for models, and I think I might want to model for you. I still need to find out more and think about it, so I was just hoping you could tell me about how it would work if I did it. What are the logistics? How much would I get paid?
Thanks,
Veronica Bishop
The words came out quickly and before she could rethink it, she pressed send. Knowing what she just did led to a body shaking orgasm when she continued to masturbate. She never did get back to her list that night, but just sending the email counted as enough progress for her, so she went to bed.
She woke up with just a bit of a hangover but it cleared up as soon as she remembered what she did last night. She was shocked to see a response email already when she opened up her phone, causing her heart to skip a beat. After a moment of hesitation, she opened it and began to read.
Veronica,
I am glad to get interest from a subscriber about potentially being a model. Our subscribers have been asking for an American girl for a long while, so I am happy to hear from you. Here is the info:
• The typical shoot takes about 2 hours, and produces about an hour of content
• Transportation to the city will be covered, as will one-night lodging before or after the shoot. A flight from America is more expensive than normal, but it might be worth it since the subscribers would be so happy to see you
• We can negotiate the activities and locations, but the expectation is full nudity in a fully public setting
• The pay for the standard shoot is 750 Euro. Potential for higher pay for extra shootings or activities.
• The date is flexible, but we will need to schedule it and plan at least a month ahead
Do you have any experience with this Veronica? Where are you located? Also, please share with me a photo of you, undressed please. Be assured this photo is for me only.
Looking forward to hearing from you,
Richard
She reread the email 2 or 3 times before starting her morning, and then at least a couple more times in the next few hours. She honestly didn't know how to respond, plus the request for a picture added new nervousness that she was struggling to overcome. Eventually she started to type a response. After half of hour of edits, she read what she ended up with.
Richard,
Thank you for the information, it helps me with my decision. I have to admit that I am quite nervous at the idea but still find it tempting.
I don't have any experience with this, I'm a complete amateur. I'm located on the west coast of the US.
A few more questions: I am familiar with what the girls do while modeling, but could you tell me more about what else happens during the filming? Do you ever run into trouble with police? Or any issues with girls being harassed? If I were to do this, I want to make sure that I am safe.
Also, I was expecting the pay to be a little bit higher. What do you mean about the extra activities?
I'm not sure I'm comfortable yet with sending a picture. I need some time to decide if I want to do this, and then I will.
Thank you,
Veronica
She sent it. Then she tried to go on with her day, since it was a rare day off, but all she could do was compulsively check her email. She knew that it was unlikely there would be a quick response, since she was probably emailing with someone in Europe. It would take a while for the reply email to come through, but that didn't mean she wasn't going to constantly think about it.
At first, there was fear about what she was getting herself into. But as the day went on, that emotion was replaced with what felt like the start of excitement. Maybe she did want this. When it was just a fantasy, it was forbidden and scary. Now that she was taking a step to making it real, she was hit with a burst of adrenaline and maybe even a bit of confidence. Hours and many email checks later, it was the evening. Eventually she had managed to calm down enough to get her normal Sunday errands done, but now post-dinner, it was back in her thoughts.
With no response, she began to really imagine herself doing it. She stood and paced around her apartment while running through how she imagined it would go. She imagined herself standing in the middle of a crowd of people, totally anonymous and alone. She imagined herself then pulling off her shirt with no hesitation. Then slipping down her jeans. There she was in just her underwear. People were starting to stare. She imagined looking around at them one last time before unclasping her bra. And in one quick move, she slid her panties down and dropped them both. In her imagination, someone laughed and pointed at her, another person took a quick picture. And then she started to walk, right towards the people watching her.
At that moment, Veronica back in her apartment realized that she undressed in real life along with her imagination. She was standing there in her living room completely nude. She had absolutely been naked in her apartment plenty of times, but not really while vividly imagining herself walking around in public. That realization caused a chill to pass through her. She walked to her bedroom where there was a full-length mirror and examined her body.
She was hot. Especially while naked.
Veronica was 5'-5" and had an average fit body type. Slim but not too skinny. She had long light blonde hair that she often had tied up. Her B cup breasts featured small pointy nipples and her boobs sat firm and high. She was proud of her tits most of all. Continuing to look down her body, she examined her lower half. Currently, she sported a landing strip of dark hair, but there had been times that she'd gone fully shaved and fully bushed. The landing strip was what she preferred though. Turning, she looked at her ass. It wasn't exactly a full ass but it was more than flat. It was good enough to accentuate the rest of her body. She lifted it and dropped it to watch it subtly bounce, following up with a little slap.
She was totally attractive enough to be a model she thought. Walking over to her dresser, she grabbed her phone and opened the camera up. Taking nudes was not totally foreign to her, but they mostly were just for her, so there was some hesitation as she considered the purpose of the picture she was about to take. Her nude body was framed in the mirror and she snapped the picture, smiling right into the camera. She totally could do this. Who wouldn't want to see this body? Really, it was a good idea to share her hotness with who ever she could, so the idea of walking around naked seemed totally obvious to her in that moment.
Soon she redressed and checked her phone again. No response. But she did look at the picture she just took and decided that it really was a good nude of her. Even if she didn't share it, it was a good one to have. The question of if she had the confidence to do it was back now that she had her clothes back on. It appeared that her indecisiveness had a lot to do with how sexy she felt and how undressed she was at the moment.
Suddenly, she had the idea that what she really needed to do was run a test and see how it felt. Sure, she couldn't just walk around undressed in San Diego. For many reasons. But there were probably some locations where she could strategically see how it felt to be naked around other people. After a moment of thought, the perfect solution hit her. Blacks Beach.
Blacks Beach was a popular clothing optional beach just to the north of the city. It was fairly well known and she had even been there once before with some girlfriends a few years ago, but they didn't go nude. Now she could go back by herself and really do it right so she could see how it felt. Sure, she wouldn't be the only one there naked, but it was enough for a start. She had Tuesday off, so she would go then. Eventually, she went to bed, a little earlier than normal. Subconsciously, she knew it was so that she could wake up earlier than normal to check her email.
But she woke again to disappointment. The anticipation of reply was terrible. The longer she wanted, the more she thought about it, making her simultaneously more nervous and more turned on by the idea. Before going into work, she decided to work off some energy at the gym. Just before she left, she had a great idea. This would be a good time and place for some more practice nudity. Locker rooms were perfect for that. So she packed a bag and headed out.
She approached the gym with just a hint of nervousness. People are always naked in the gym locker room so she told herself that this would be totally fine. The difference would just be her thoughts while doing it, but she hoped that she could push them out.
After entering the gym and heading to the locker room, she set her bag down on a bench. She particularly selected a bench that was farthest away from the door to the showers and bathroom space. There were 4 or 5 people in the space she could see, and maybe a couple more around the corner and in the showers.
There wasn't exactly a plan here, so she started by just getting undressed like normal. Of course, normal shouldn't really matter in this situation since it was practice for full public nudity. This is what she always did at the gym, she just went a little slower and fumbled around with her clothes and bag to extend the exposure. She would exercise first and then do most of her nudity afterwards when it was shower time. There was almost some internal disappointment when she put her workout clothes on and headed out to the gym.
An hour later, she returned after a thorough and sweat producing workout. The whole time, she had been running through scenarios of what to do when she was back in the locker room, so now was the time to go for it.
First, she stripped down completely before even opening the locker. There were two other women on the row she was at, and she made sure they got a full view if they chose to look. She opened the locker and started to pull her stuff out of her bag to get ready for her shower. This was still normal. However, instead of pulling a towel around her, she remained nude as she put everything away and locked up the locker.
She carried the towel as she walked naked towards the shower room, passing a couple other women in states of undress. Still totally normal, though this wasn't something she normally did. She had seen other women do it before though. Entering the shower room, she picked a stall right at the center. She showered, briefly, and then dried off with the little divider curtain open to the public room, so that a couple of women got to see her. This was still mostly normal, but starting to push to what she really wanted to try. She wrapped the tower around her hair and headed back to the lockers, taking the long way around to get back to where she started. She said hello to the couple of women she passed, letting them see her fully naked body. This felt good, but she knew this was nothing compared to doing this walk in public.
Back at her locker, it was time to do the more extreme part of what she planned. She tossed the towel in with her clothes, grabbed her small toiletry bag, and immediately locked it up again. Now she would walk back, all the way to the bathroom area with the sinks and mirrors, fully exposed. This was a step up for two reasons. Though she hadn't used the towel to cover up, it acted as a bit of protection and a reason to be naked. Now that was gone. And she never saw anyone fully naked in that area of the locker room, so she would definitely be the only one. That was what she wanted.
She slowly strolled back through the aisles of lockers, passing by multiple women getting dressed or undressed. At first, she was a bit afraid of judgement on why she didn't have a towel, but then reminded herself that she was definitely going to be judged for doing this in public if she did it, so she needed to find a way to not care. She was allowed to be naked, so she was. That was all the justification she needed.
The bathroom area was separated from the lockers with a glass door and it had another door into the pool area on the other side. So this was almost more like a public restroom that she was about to walk into since there were non-locker room women in there. Her heart started to race a bit once the glass door came into view and she saw other people through it. They were normally clothed of course. But she pushed on since she really wanted to see if she could do this.
She pushed the door open and started her real exhibitionist journey.
She was standing naked in what looked like a normal public restroom. There was a woman at the sink and it looked like a couple more in the stalls. She got a bit of a stare from the first woman, who obviously wasn't expecting a naked girl in there. That look sent a chill down Veronica. She liked to be looked at. So she walked straight to an available sink, said a polite hello to the woman, and started to wash her hands. The plan was to stand around for a minute, pretending to be busy. Another woman in a bikini walked into the restroom from the pool and took the last sink. So there was some more skin visible, but she was still the only showing it all.
She started to work on her hair and the two women left, leaving her alone and naked. Another couple of women walked through in the next minute or two, and from her view in the mirror, every single one of them saw her and took a good look at her naked backside. She felt the greatest she had felt in a while. She was the center of attention. And this was just in a locker room around other women, how on earth would this feel in public?
To elevate it, she timed it so that she turned around to face away from the mirror right when the next couple women entered, giving them the full frontal view as she pretended to pick up a dropped hairbrush. It was even better to see their face and their eyes track up and down her body. She was close to enjoying this too much, so it felt like a good time to stop. She left the bathrooms and walked back to the locker, going slow and deliberately putting herself in the view of as many women as possible.
Once the locker was open, she continued the delay of getting dressed, but knew that she had to do it soon. But first, one more thing she wanted to do. There were mirrors placed around the locker room, one was just a couple feet away. She grabbed her phone, walked over, and immediately took another full body nude. Another woman nearby definitely saw her do it, but Veronica was so into this by now that she couldn't care at all. She smiled big and took a couple before walking back and starting to get dressed.
As she left the gym a few minutes later, she felt on top of the world. She was hot, she liked being naked, she liked people seeing her naked. So she absolutely should just agree to go be a model and walk around like that in a city. She really felt like she could do it. But still no email, so the waiting game continued for at least a little longer.
It was a busy shift that night at the club, so she didn't get back around to getting ready for her beach trip the next day until almost 2 AM. Even to a nudist beach, she had a bag to pack. Towel, sunscreen, water, a book, snacks. She also needed to pick out what she would wear. Did she want to wear little and get swiftly naked, or wear more and have to prolong the undressing on the beach. Both were tempting, but she decided to wear more since it was a longer drive there. So she left the next day in the mid morning, wearing underwear, a t shirt, and shorts. A sundress was packed as well for future use.
The parking area was a little more full for a Tuesday afternoon than she expected, but that probably was better for the experience. The path to the beach led down a steep and unstable path down a cliff side. It was difficult, but manageable. No one was naked on the path of course, but as soon as the path opened up the beach, she spotted a couple of naked men just standing around so that everyone could see them. That had been her previous experience here, that the men get naked and show off, and the women predominately stick with bikinis, maybe some topless. That time before, she saw a couple dozen dicks, but maybe 3 women with just bottoms and only one fully naked woman. That was going to be her today.
She just walked past the naked men and turned right to continue down the beach. That was the direction of most of the people. She walked along the rear of the beach for a couple hundred feet from the path, to an area where there were more sunbathers set up, but where there was still many people walking by to get farther down the beach. She picked a spot, a little ways away from the closest person, and set down the bag and started to lay out her towel. The crowd looked like last time. Many naked men, laying out or walking around, and mostly clothed women.
Once her towel was down, she stood back up and began. She had considered going slow, but that wasn't what she would be able to do if she were to go through with this in public. So she began to strip, standing there as people filtered by, some naked and some not. Her shirt and shorts came off first, leaving her in underwear that could have passed as a bikini. She noticed that some of the men nearby were keeping an eye on her, but pretending not to be watching. Maybe they assumed that she was stopping there as she hesitated for just a moment. Even with this being a nudist beach with a lot of naked people, there was more of an exhibitionist/voyeuristic energy here. People came here to show off and to watch others. Just mostly it was men.
She felt the eyes on her as she reached up to undo the bra. She swiftly pulled it off and dropped it. A couple men laying nearby casually adjusted themselves to get a better view. She then slid down her panties and stepped away fully naked. For now, she would just lay down and enjoy the sun, but she had plans for later. She read some, and she checked her email some as well. No response yet.
As she relaxed, she noticed that just about every man that walked by took a good look at her and that every woman that walked by remained in a bikini. Why were the women so much more reluctant to undress she wondered? It really did feel great. The warm air and the sea breeze were amazing feelings on her naked skin. It just felt natural and right. More people had filled in the area around her as the beach got even busier. She decided that meant it was time to take a little walk. First, she would just walk down to the water and back.
Veronica stood up, bring her body to the attention of the people around. She headed towards the water, which meant she had to walk between a good amount of people, and then cross the stream of people walking along the water edge. That was an exciting prospect as this would be her first naked walk in a real public place with men and women watching her. Sure, half of them were naked too, but it was a good enough introduction. She maneuvered herself through the people, only coming face to face with one naked guy who seemed very happy to see her before reaching the clear area at the water's edge. She wanted to touch the water, but wasn't sure if she would really get in it. Not many people were in the ocean, this seemed more like a stay on the beach kind of beach. She touched it with her foot and impulsively decided to go all the way in. She might as well, she was here. So she went deeper and spent a few minutes playing in the gentle surf, completely by herself. She imagined that her actions meant that more people noticed her, which was great.
She felt real joy there in the water, both because of the beach and the nudity. This was a freeing moment, unlike anything else she had ever felt. Everyone should try out a nude beach at some point, she thought. Soon, she decided she would head back to her towel and dry off some. So she needed to cross the section of people again, but this time she would be walking towards them, so they would get the full frontal view of her. And she was wet and glistening from the ocean, so it really was a great view. That realization sent a shiver through her. She was becoming accustomed to those moments. They only happened when she was really pushing herself to show off in a way she could never have imagined. But she knew that it was because she was so turned on by what she was doing, so she enjoyed it.
She started walking back through the people, watching their reactions closely. She could see their eyes on her, and specifically where their eyes were: her tits and her pussy. No one even noticed that she was watching them too. It was incredible, and could have lasted forever. Back at her towel, she laid down again to take another break. After a minute, she had an idea though, and subtly spread her legs partially. She leaned up as she read, but really just watched the people around her to see who noticed. A few men did and she enjoyed how they readjusted themselves to hide the erections she hoped they had.
She did not last long at this location. Now that she had the thrill of walking, she needed to do it again. A pair of girls, both with bikinis on, had set up by her a while ago. She stood up and approached, asking them if they could watch her bag. They agreed, so she was off. Veronica wanted to go down to the edge of the ocean, where there was a steady stream of walkers, and take a good long stroll. A lot of the videos on the site had girls walking for 20-30 minutes, sometimes even 45 minutes, so she wanted to know what it felt like to walk for a while. So she walked through the people again, who she was sure enjoyed the sight, and turned right at the water. She just casually walked among the people. She passed many dicks and many bikinis, but also a couple topless women eventually. She had worn her sunglasses this time, so she could better watch the people watch her. Everyone she noticed gave her body a look, which thrilled her.
The beach went on for a while, and there were more and more people. At one point, a lifeguard truck drove up behind her and passed her, causing a moment of surprise. But then she realized that it was just making a patrol and no one else who was naked showed any reaction. The truck felt like part of the normal world, not the nude beach, so she felt stranger being naked in front of it. But it was good practice. She walked for maybe 10-15 minutes one way before turning around and returning to where she started. At the far end, where there were less people, she did find a couple other nude women. Apparently, they just didn't want to be with the crowd, which she understood. She also found her first completely uncovered erection at that end of the beach. A guy just walking down to the water with a full hard dick. It was a little surprising to see, but she didn't blame him, she was just about as sexually excited as he was. That really made her wonder how more guys there didn't have erections. She would. Her nipples were hard and by this point, she was a little wet between her legs, but thankfully those reactions didn't stand out as much as a penis.
While walking back to her towel, she continued her internal debate about if she should be a nude model. She obviously loved it and needed the money. But her nerves still told her she couldn't do it. Even with this practice, it wasn't a comparable situation. Nudity was expected here. It would not in the middle of a city. But there was not really a way that she could put herself in that situation her in San Diego without potentially getting in trouble.
With her towel in sight, she made a quick decision to keep going for a little longer. She really liked this and needed it to continue. Soon, she was approaching the area where the path down from the cliffs let out, and saw the naked men standing around. That gave her an idea about one more way to push her exposure. But first, back to the towel, where she laid down and relaxed for a little longer, because what she wanted to do would be the last thing she did before leaving.
An hour later, Veronica decided it was time to leave. She loved laying there in the nude and would have stayed all day, but she really wanted to do this next thing soon. She stood up and packed her bag. But she did not redress. She would not be doing that until she made it back up to the top of the cliff. She walked back towards the path, fully naked except her bag, passing many naked guys that watched her every step. The path end was in sight, and she took a deep breath as she approached. In this area, most everyone was clothed, and she was walking right into it.
She reached the naked men, and looked up the path, seeing a couple people on it going in each direction. While it appeared that you were not supposed to be naked there, it was a path to a nude beach, so anyone on it must have an expectation to see nudity. So she felt ok about trying this out, especially since it meant a safe location where she could be the only one naked.
After another look around, she started up, immediately passing a couple of clothed walkers who had a bit of a shocked reaction to her nudity. That was exactly what she needed. She kept going. It was a harder climb up than it had been down, which meant she had to stop for breaks every so often. That was ok though, since that meant more people passed by her. All had some level of surprise. This was the closest she was going to get to doing this in Europe, so she savored every look and every moment. About 2/3rds of the way up, after she had been passed by a dozen people, she decided it was time to get dressed. She didn't want to arrive at the top naked, since it was a more public location. So she reluctantly pulled a sundress on that she packed, and walked the rest of the way back to her car.
Once in it, she took a moment to realize what she just did. A hundred or more people just saw her naked, and it went fine. She survived. She loved it. She wanted to do it again and again. In that moment of pure happiness and thrill, she really felt like she wanted to do it. She checked her email, and happily discovered a response. Whatever it said, she decided she would reply with a yes.
She saved reading the email until she made it back to her apartment, so she raced back there as fast as possible. The message read:
Veronica,
Apologies for the delay getting back to you. We would love to have an amateur model. I can already imagine that you would be a very popular girl for our subscribers.
The shoots are never quite the same, but in general they are quite safe for the girls. We would meet to discuss the shooting and then immediately start. There will occasionally be a sighting of police, but they almost always leave us alone, and if they do encounter us, we are just told to move along. Most members of the public will just ignore you, some will be happy, some will ask for pictures. But people are rarely rude or mean. And since you will always be with the camera people, you are perfectly safe.
The base rate covers one 2 hour shooting. If you are interested, we could discuss a second day of shooting in another location or some kind of special extended shoot. Please let me know if you would be interested in that. I have had some ideas that I think might be quite popular with an American amateur girl.
Before we continue this discussion, please send me a nude photo of yourself so I can decide if you are the type that would be suited for the website.
Thanks,
Richard
She immediately typed her response.
Richard,
Attached is a picture I took a few days ago.
I am almost fully decided that I want to come model for you. As for the increased payment, I definitely want to hear more about what you have in mind. And would payment be only after I model?
If I do end up doing this, I would prefer to do it as soon as possible.
Let me know!
Veronica
No hesitation to email a nude picture to a stranger. And no hesitation to basically agree to be a porn model. Veronica really was becoming a different person. She busied herself for a bit, but then saw her phone and was amazed to see a response already. It must be about midnight where he was.
Veronica,
You look absolutely perfect for our website. If you choose to come model for me, you will be hugely popular! If we can agree on a date, I would love to set this up formally.
The first increased payment would be a second regular shooting for another 750 Euro. After that, I could add another 150-250 Euro for special locations or situations on top of a shoot, like in a dance club or restaurant. If that is not enough, I've also gotten a lot of requests for longer shootings. Depending on the specifics, I could pay 2000 Euro or so for that. Payment would come after the shooting.
The end of April could be a good time for me. That is about 5 weeks from now. If you would like that date, please commit in the next few days. Depending on what you want to do, I would suggest Prague or Dresden.
Looking forward to shooting you,
Richard
This was the moment of decision she realized. The reality of becoming one of those girls who walked around naked was sitting right in front of her, she just had to commit to it. She so desperately wanted it, and she also needed it, both financially and personally. This was the big change she had been looking for for so long. She knew that deep down. This opportunity was made for her.
She realized that she had started rubbing herself to the thought. That meant she was getting horny and she knew horny Veronica was happy to make the decision. Instead of stopping herself to continue her never ending internal debate, she gave in. She clicked reply and typed out a simple message.
I want to do it. The end of April works great for me and I want to do whatever you need me to do to make the most money.
Thanks,
Veronica
Send. She had done it. That realization led her into one of her best orgasms in a while, spurred on by intense feelings of fear and shame and confidence and excitement. It was a lot all at once and things would never truly be the same.
Over the next few days, she sent emails back and forth to coordinate details with Richard. They decided on Dresden and set the dates. Veronica had asked at one point for more information about what exactly she would be doing, but interestingly, Richard declined to give specifics. He said that in his experience, the girls perform better if they don't have time to overthink it. Plus, things were always having to change at a moments notice, so no need for her to know the plan that could be completely different by the time she got there. That uncertainty caused a lot of fear in her. There were times she went back to total panic at what she committed to, and times where she was filled with total adrenaline at the thought of her future nude walk. A couple days later, her flight was booked and it was officially too late to change her mind.
She had about a week at work left before they closed. By a strange twist, in that last week she actually ended up picking up a new part time job at a different bar. It turned out it wasn't actually that difficult to find a new source of income in her particular situation. She realized that she had just totally been self-sabotaging that whole time, trying to force herself into the inevitable choice she had made. Now that she was committed and it was off her mind, she was able to pretty quickly find some supplemental income. It wasn't full time, but anything would help, so she was happy.
Now it was the week of her trip. It was Monday, and her flight was on Thursday. She had been exercising and watching what she ate for the last couple weeks to prepare for her nude debut. A packing list arrived from Richard, with the only real specifics being to bring a couple dresses that were easy to slip on and off and good sandal type shoes. That was easy. She of course brought other clothes, but there was a bit of irony at the act of packing clothes for a trip where the intent was to be naked. At this point, the nerves had long gone away, just because she had felt them for so long. It was full excitement on Monday.
Wednesday was her last prep day. As an attempt to change her appearance, she got a haircut, leaving her with a shorter look than she had worn for years. At home, she then dyed her blonde hair a dark brunette. It was just hair, but she thought it would make a difference just in case. Packing kept her up later than she had planned, but she finally got in bed just around midnight.
But here, early on Thursday morning, with Veronica trying to sleep before her flight, the nerves were back. It made sense, now that it wasn't an abstract future event and was actually here, she had to face the reality of her decision. Her decision was to go walk around Dresden naked and let it be published on the internet for anyone to see. It was insane, but she was going to do it. Just as soon as she fell asleep.
CHAPTER 2
Veronica's flight finally landed in Dresden at around 1:30 local time. Her travel path took her from San Diego to LAX by car, and then by plane to Amsterdam for a layover, and then finally to Germany for her final stop. She had a couple drinks on the flight to ease the nerves, because later that day, she would be making her first nude walk. She had still not gotten many specifics from Richard. All she had heard was to be prepared to start that afternoon, and that she would be doing something else the next day. After that, she would have a free couple of days before she returned on Monday afternoon. She was excited and nervous, but ultimately ready to get this started.
Her instructions from Richard were to message him when she landed, and then to take the train from the airport to Dresden Central Station, where he would meet her. While walking through the airport, she began to closely watch the people around her. Were they looking at her? Were they people watching also, or were they just looking at their phones? Would any of these people see her naked later that day? Would they even care, or would they just ignore her? That was something she always found confusing in the videos for this site. Yes, a good amount of people would react to the nude girl before them, but a ton of people would just walk by, zero reaction, as if this happens every day. Maybe it does. Maybe it was because of the camera. Though she did want to be looked at, she hoped the general mood would be the same today.
The train trip took half an hour, but it went by like nothing. As the train slowed into the station, her heart began to race at the impending reality of what she would soon be doing. As she stepped out into the sun, she surveyed the city that would see her naked soon. She stood before a bustling plaza and gulped. Then she took a breath and sent Richard a message to let him know she was waiting. Just a few moments later, a man and a woman walked towards her and waved, calling out her name. There they were.
"Ah Veronica, welcome to Dresden!" Richard called out. They all introduced themselves. The man was of course Richard, and the woman was Eileen. "Let's walk to the hotel, it is close by. We can talk on the way," he told her. He continued that it was unusual for them to be staying right in the city center, but they decided that it would make the shooting weekend easier. They were nice and enthusiastic people, both speaking English well. They started with casual small talk while walking north from the train station, covering stuff like how the flight went and the great weather for shooting. Veronica considered asking again about what she was going to be doing, but before she could bring it up, Richard started telling her about how glad he was for her to be there to model.
"You know, you are the first ever subscriber who wanted to do this. Most of my members are male of course. And you are the first American model that I've ever had. I've wanted one for a while, but it was difficult to convince anyone to come all the way out here. So imagine my joy at getting your email," he said. He continued that most of his models came from Germany or Czech Republic, which was a lot easier and cheaper to deal with the travel. But when he saw her picture, he knew that she would be a popular girl for the website, so decided it would be worth the extra cost to fly her out.
"So Veronica, what made you want to do this?" he then asked.
That question stopped her for a moment because she realized that she had never actually talked about her interest in exhibitionism with someone. Sure, it was obviously not any kind of secret with this company, but there was still a bit of weirdness to say out loud. So she basically told the truth.
"Well I've been kind of looking for something to challenge myself recently. I needed to get away from my job and try something crazy. And I need to make some extra money. So when I saw your post, I felt like it might be the perfect solution. I debated it for a couple weeks but then I was afraid I would regret it if I didn't, so here I am. Time to see if I can do this." She didn't exactly fully explain the exhibitionist part of this, but figured that was probably obvious.
Richard replied that he had heard that same story from a couple other girls. A lot of girls used this as an opportunity to be a little bit rebellious and also make some quick money. Most of the girls were fine art models or porn stars, but there had been a couple other true amateurs. They were both glad that she decided to do it, and promised she would have a good time.
They continued the small talk until Richard let her know that they were approaching the hotel. The had been walking north, down a busy shopping street, and then through a more historic area of the city. They arrived at a small boutique hotel right off the market square. They told her that they were already all checked in and led her up to her room on the upper level. The plan was for her to refresh herself and get ready to start the shoot in about an hour. They all retreated to their rooms, leaving Veronica alone with her thoughts.
She immediately flopped on the bed with a bit of panic and excitement. She was so ready to do this that she almost hated that she had to wait another hour. After a couple minutes just laying there in her thoughts, she got back up and started to get ready. She took a shower and shaved one last time. She had decided to go fully shaven for this walk, so the landing strip had been recently removed. She worked on her hair and makeup next, trying to style herself a little differently than normal to make her a little less recognizable. She stood before the mirror, admiring the naked body that many people were about to see.
She thought she was as hot as she had ever been. Her little tits stood firm, her body was trim and toned, thanks to the exercise of the last few weeks, she was evenly tan, and her hair looked great. She took this as an opportunity to take a mirror selfie, featuring a big but nervous smile. Eventually, she pulled out her clothes and started getting dressed. She had about 10 minutes to go. Her outfit was underwear and a bra, a t shirt, and a pair of pants. Totally unassuming and normal clothing. She also pulled out a dress that she would be using later. She was ready, and laid back on the bed to sit with her fear and adrenaline and nervousness and excitement until it was time.
Soon, the knock on her door came and she answered it. Time to go.
She was practically shaking while closing the door and started following Richard and Eileen down the hall. They met with one other camera person down in the lobby, named Frank, and then they told her that they had a walk to get where they were going to be starting. Since it was her first time, they were going to let her start at a slightly less crowded area. That sounded perfectly fine to Veronica. They walked north, towards the river and the densest part of the city center. While walking, Richard began to talk about how this would work.
"Since you are a member, I probably don't need to tell you too much about how this is going to go. As you know, when we get to where we will start, we are going to film a short interview where you tell the camera about yourself. Most girls use a different name, so feel free to do that too. And then you will undress for the first series and put your clothes in this bag. We are planning to do 3 or 4 sets for this shooting, depending how you feel. The first about 10 minutes, and the rest 10-20 minutes."
"While we are walking, follow me unless I point you to a different direction. Just listen for instructions. If someone asks you for a picture, let them take it and pose with them. I don't want to make you do anything you are uncomfortable with though, so let me know if you have a problem. Its ok to be nervous, but try to have some fun with it. The models that look like they enjoy it are always more popular. You may get some comments, but mostly they'll be in German, so just try to ignore it and keep walking. If anyone asks you why you are doing this, just say it is for fun, don't say it is modeling for a website. Oh, and most importantly, walk slow. Don't speed-walk all the way, act natural. Any other questions?"
Veronica had none. She was prepared. She had re-watched basically all the videos, and paid special attention to the previous Dresden shoots, so she had a good idea how this would go. Their walk continued onto the Augustus Bridge, crossing the Elbe River. On the other side was a green space along the river bank. Richard pointed and told her that she would be starting down there. They took the stairs down to the park and turned left. There was a pavilion about 1000 feet ahead, and Richard said that they would be starting there. The closer they got to it, the more the terror came back to Veronica. She even felt a little light headed as they were just about to reach it. But then they made it and stopped.
She stood there on the path as they got the camera equipment out. There were plenty of people out walking through the park. It wasn't as dense as the city was, but it was a nice day so of course there were people out. She really tried to take it all in because she knew that she would remember this moment for the rest of her life. Richard asked if she was ready to start. She nodded that she was. He also asked what she wanted to be called. She had decided to go with a common name, and told him she would be Olivia. And then they began.
The camera started rolling.
"Hello Olivia. We are here in Dresden for a nude in public shooting. Can you tell me about yourself, where you are from, your interests?" he said.
She had been thinking for a while about what exactly she would say. So she immediately began, "Hi, my name is Olivia, I am 25 and am from America. This is my first time shooting nude in public. I am an amateur model. My interests include exercising, playing music, and watching movies."
"Are you nervous at all Olivia?" asked Richard.
"Yes I am a little nervous, but I am also excited to see how this goes."
Richard then added "Olivia is actually a member of this website, and responded to an open call for models. She's the first fan to do this."
"Yes, I am a big fan of nude in public, so that's why I am so excited to try it myself," she said.
"Ok, Olivia, are you ready to begin?" he asked.
She took a deep breath and said yes. Richard and Eileen backed up from her so they could get her full body in camera and then told her to begin. She took another long look around, remembering that day she stood in her apartment and imagined this situation. How insane that she actually made it happen. But it was real and she had to do it.
So she reached down and pulled her shirt over her head. She set it on the stone railing beside her. She then slid her tennis shoes off, and pulled the socks off with them. Her jeans followed, and she slid them down her legs and folded them up. Now standing there in just her underwear, it was the moment of real exhibition. She thought back to the locker room and to Blacks Beach, told herself she really wanted this, and then reached back to unclasp her bra. It was pulled off with one swift motion and she placed it with the rest of the clothes. She looked around one more time, accidently making eye contact with someone walking by and watching her. That sent a shiver through her. And then she hooked the waist of her panties with her thumbs and pulled them straight down. She stepped out, and grabbed the whole collection of clothes. They were all stuffed into the little black bag she had been given and before she knew it, Eileen was taking the bag from her hand, leaving her standing there with nothing. No clothes, fully exposed to the world around her.
All she could think was 'oh shit, I'm naked in public. Oh fuck, I'm doing it. Oh god, this is happening.'
People were walking by, and people were looking at her. Of course, she was a naked girl, they were going to look. Richard started walking backwards, beckoning her along. Eileen and the other photographer were snapping pictures. They were headed back towards the bridge. Of course they were. The first step might have been the hardest, but they were all difficult at first. Until they suddenly weren't, until she almost zoned out into an out of body experience. It was definitely a heightened feeling from what she had experienced at Blacks Beach.
The illicit nature of doing that where it was not allowed added intense layers to the emotion. Which made sense, because it was always about the power and control for her, not just the nakedness. She simultaneously felt so powerful as she asserted herself on the world and so completely out of control as she was forced to exhibit her most personal self to anyone and everyone around her. She was both the most powerful person in the world and the most degraded. The center of attention because she wanted to be and the center of humiliation and shame. Her naked body was something she had to hide because she was a good girl, and here she both chose to and was forced to share it with absolutely no control.
Anyone could look and anyone could take a picture and she surrendered all ability to control that. She was a stupid slutty exhibitionist and also the most confident girl in the world. It was fucking incredible and she was 1 minute into a weekend full of nakedness that would change her life.
All those thoughts went through her head in just the first couple of steps. She still had an hour to experience this and process the waves of emotion coursing through her. So she kept walking. Trying to go slow, like she was instructed. One foot in front of the other. She tried to be conscious of her posture too. She wanted to look good and confident, not shrinking away from the fearful situation. Now she had gone about 15 feet, the first of many that weekend, and she had walked directly by 3 or 4 people so far, who all got an eyeful of all of her. Random German strangers had now seen her naked. 15 more feet and she saw the first iphone pulled out to take an inconspicuous picture of her. All she could think was that now her naked body was going to be on facebook within the hour and her life was probably ruined and she felt even more exposed and out of control. It was great.
She kept going and Richard asked her how she felt. "This is crazy, but I think I feel good so far," she responded. It was the truth. All of the emotions summed up made her feel good. 15 more feet and 5 more people who had seen her, and she was starting to like it. Now she was just thinking about what those other people must be thinking. 'Why is this hot naked girl walking by me?' they must be wondering. She hoped they thought she was hot. If she was going to be exposing her body to anyone and everyone, she at least wanted them to like the view. Another 15 steps or so, another picture. She was stopping the step count and starting the picture count in her head.
There was a break in people, so she walked basically alone for a short stretch, allowing her to take in her surroundings again. They had made it about a quarter of the way back to the bridge. She had no idea how long it had been and no idea where the end point was supposed to be. But maybe that didn't matter. With each step and each person and each picture, the thrill and adrenaline went up, and so did her enjoyment.
"I'm starting to like this," she said out loud to Richard, but she was really just saying that for herself. She needed to hear it.
Now there was another group, and this group was all young adults, looking to be her age. They stared more than any other group so far, and a couple actually pointed and laughed. That was a moment that sent a shiver down Veronica. There was that shame feeling again. They were laughing at the exposed naked girl walking down the street. But the shame was always balanced by power, so it just made her feel even better. No fear now, she wanted this and all the emotion that came with it. So she kept walking past them.
At one point, she looked down at herself, just to admire her exposed skin, and she noticed that her nipples were rock hard. Her body was obviously enjoying the attention too. Now they were about halfway to the bridge. The slow but steady stream of walkers on the path kept passing her, and she was now enjoying watching their reactions. Plenty never looked at her, but plenty did. She got her first comment from someone, but it was in another language and they both kept walking, so the moment passed. She wished she could know what they said. Was it positive or negative? She would never know. She realized that the feeling of warm and rough concrete on her feet made her feel more undressed than she expected.
Ahead of her, she saw Richard and Eileen start to veer to the left. Apparently, they were not headed straight to the bridge. The unexpected path sent a bit of hesitation through her. She had to follow though. They turned to her left, away from the river, and their destination came into view for Veronica. They were headed right into a Biergarten that looked to be filled with people starting out their weekend. So this was going to be the first big challenge. She turned left off the main path and followed. Immediately, she could tell that a couple people noticed her. Since these people were sitting and watching, they all were going to get a much better view of her than the people that were just walking by. It looked like she would be having to walk right through them. Challenge accepted.
Richard slowed and asked her if it was ok right before they entered the main seating area of the biergarten. All she could say was yes, but she was thinking 'oh god, so many people. Oh fuck, here we go.'
There was a small building on the left, and a covered seating area on the right, holding maybe 20 or 30 tables, which were about 3/4 full. A path ran between them, where she was beginning to walk. By her quick estimate, there were about 50-60 people sitting there and she could feel every eye on her. In reality, just the first couple tables noticed, because a lot of people were firmly engrossed in conversation, or just didn't care about her. She got a couple whistles from drunk guys, a comment or two in what was probably German, and of course a couple more picture taken of her, but the walk besides the tables was less challenging than expected. Before she knew it, she was exiting from the other side of the biergarten with her confidence strengthened.
The group turned right to head to the main path and then she assumed the bridge. How much farther would she have to go was all she could think. As she walked, she nearly zoned out in another wave of thrill after thinking about how many people had just seen her naked body. But she snapped back to reality when she heard Richard tell her to stop and she realized that someone was standing next to her, holding out his phone. Someone was asking for a picture. He was asking in German but she smiled and nodded. Eileen grabbed his phone while he positioned himself next to her. She had been imagining how this would go for a while. She noticed that a lot of other girls positioned themselves for pictures facing the side, so that they were not fully exposed. She had always wondered why. You were already completely nude in public, why be bashful about a picture that shows your pussy.
But in the moment, with this strange man holding onto her side and staring down a strange camera, she felt the instinct to do the same. It was a protective instinct. She bent her leg and turned sideways, hiding her lower half. She put her hand on her side and bent her elbow, turning one of her tits toward the camera. She smiled as big as she could and the picture was taken before she even knew what was happening, on both Eileen's camera and the man's. The man mumbled a thanks and walked away with his phone, leaving her mad at herself for giving in to the fear. While she was still standing there, another person passed and quickly took a picture of her closeup, but they declined to pose with her. Richard beckoned her on.
They were approaching the stairs back up to the bridge level. She could tell that the bridge was denser with people, which terrified and thrilled her. The tease of the full biergarten just filled her head with the experience of walking through a crowd. She knew that would come soon enough. They did not stop at the base of the stairs to her delight, and Richard starting heading up them. She had to watch her step going up the stone stairs, so she couldn't see the people's reaction around her. Going up, Richard again asked her how she felt. She laughed and said "This still feels totally odd and crazy, but I'm liking it too."
At the top, Richard told her that they would walk one minute more and then finish. They turned right, headed back towards the city. More people here, and also the sidewalk was narrower so she had to come in closer contact with the passing watchers. Being elevated and above the river, there was a bit of a chill that she felt across her whole body. A car honked, startling her for a moment, but then she smiled and waved at it driving past. Another inconspicuous picture, another group of laughing and pointing teens, another comment in another language. Each built upon the last to build the intensity of the shame. Ahead, she could see the camera group stop walking and set down the bag. It was the end. She approached it with joy and disappointment, and quickly stooped down to pull out her dress. It was a little red slip on dress, and she brought it over her body with a quick motion, ending the exposure she craved. But she needed the moment to release, so she was glad for the break.
The camera stopped rolling, and Richard told her that she did a good job. They talked for a moment about how it went and what she should do differently while they started walking back towards the city center. She was shaking a bit, releasing the tension she had held that whole walk. On the way, she asked Eileen if she could see some of the pictures, specifically the one posing with the guy who asked for a picture. Eileen was able to let her flip through a bunch from the set. She looked good in them. There she was, one of those naked girls. She had done it. But then she got to the picture with the man and was disappointed. She looked so nervous and reserved in the shot, like she was shying away from the opportunity. Which she knew was exactly what went through her head in the moment. Her hip covered her vagina. Not good enough. She was so upset that she told herself she needed to do better the next time. Since she knew there would be a next time.
They told her that the next series would be in the Zwinger Museum garden back in the city. She knew the location well, since that was a common shooting location for them. That was good, because it was probably going to be a step up in people, but not quite too many yet. After that, she walked mostly in silence the rest of the way as the others talked. She was back in her thoughts and only came out once they entered the garden area. It was an enclosed garden with fountains and grass, and very open. She flashed back to all the girls she had watched here in the past, admiring herself that she was about to join them. They stopped at the far side from where they entered to discuss the plan for the next shot. Richard talked while she gulped down a bottle of water.
"So Veronica, for this one, we are going to circle around the garden and then exit back out to the plaza in front of the opera house. About 10 minutes. We will stop near the statue in the middle. Please walk slower. When you undress, leave your clothes there, we will grab them. Also, I may walk farther away from you this, but keep going at the same pace. Are you ready?"
She was. They instructed her to stay where she was, and they walked about 20 feet away. Camera started rolling and it was go time for series two. Time to get naked again.
She took another long look around to survey her audience. There were maybe 60 or 70 people scattered around, some in large groups, many walking alone or in pairs. There were some families enjoying their day in the park, and what looked to be a seniors tour group. This was a more touristy location, so probably a different crowd reaction. No one was noticing her yet, but they would. She was standing aside a large fountain pool where there was a stone bench wall. She looked down at it, took a breath, and slid the dress over her head. This was a different experience than last time. Previously, there was the slow build up as she stripped. Now she was clothed one second and nude the next. Quite a shocking change. She set the dress down, reached down to pull off her shoes, and then looked up to face her environment.
The cameras were 20 or 30 feet away, watching her every step, along with many faces around her that had suddenly noticed the naked girl. Richard gestured left, so she walked, slowly. She was heading towards the outer edge of the garden. There were people everywhere and the garden was completely open, so where she went didn't matter. Just being there was full exposure. Eileen walked over and grabbed her clothes and she kept on going. That was a slight bit of relief at least, to see that her dress was safe.
She felt much calmer this time. Yes, there was still a pierce of adrenaline through her with each step, but now she felt like this was the natural state she was supposed to be in. Of course she should be naked right here and right now. There were plenty of eyes on her, and she felt all of them. After just a moment, she could tell that someone was holding up their phone to get a shot of her. In a split second decision, she told herself that this was her moment to assert some confidence. So she stopped and faced directly at the camera. Hand to her hips, feet shoulder width apart, exposed body directed right at the camera, and a big smile on her face. Time froze for a second for her as a couple camera clicks went off. She was presenting herself with no hesitation. Yes, a lot of fear, but she was doing it and she was proud of herself. How she wished she could see that photo. There were more people noticing her and reacting, probably because these were tourists.
She continued on. Richard and Eileen were closer now, getting the up close view of the walk. He again asked her how she felt. "I feel really good. More confident than the last series I think," she responded.
"Do you like it? Being naked in public?" he then asked as they kept on walking. They were turning a corner and heading back towards the very center of the park.
She was going to be honest. The thrill through her body wasn't going to let her hide the truth. "Yeah I love it. I've always wanted to know how this felt. And here I am, doing it. I feel like a model or something. It's so great!" she said while laughing and smiling.
But her speaking in English caused an unexpected reaction and a new challenge. Just a couple steps past, she was approached by a small group of people that looked to be college age. And they greeted her in English.
"Hey excuse me, are you American? You sound like you're from the United States. What are you doing?" the leader of the group asked. He was obviously American too, so likely they all were.
She wasn't really prepared to be confronted in English. Of course, she should have, so many people speak English here so she should have assumed that she'd have to talk to someone eventually. For some reason in her mind, she always just told herself that they'd all be German, and she could just smile and nod and ignore them.
She stopped and nervously responded "Yeah I am actually. Are you all American too?". She avoided looking at any of them in the eye for some reason. This was a hit of nerves.
They responded yes, and said that they were college students studying abroad at a university in the city. And again they asked why exactly she was naked. They seemed friendly, it wasn't a judgmental question, more of just curious. But it was still a little terrifying to her, having to explain it.
"Well I'm just modeling for an experiment to see how people react. That guy over there is filming the reactions. It isn't illegal to do this here like in the United States, so we are just seeing what happens." She stuck to the approved reason, not admitting to porn. While standing there, she didn't know what to do with her hands. She kind of wanted to cover herself, but also would have hated herself for a while to show that kind of fear. So her hands ended up just hanging there. She did finally take a good look at the group in front of her. They were all definitely examining her body, while trying to not be too obvious. But she could tell.
"Oh interesting," they said, immediately accepting the reason. "You came a long way to do this. How have people reacted so far?"
She told them that she had just started, but that people were nice and accepting so far. That she was surprised how many people just ignored her. She mentioned that a couple of people had taken pictures of her. They chatted for just a second more before she insinuated that she needed to keep going. She wanted to get out of the conversation as soon as possible, as it made her uneasy. Just speaking English with some Americans while fully naked in public was too weird of an intersection for her, leading to nervous thoughts and feelings, that she was going to get caught and in trouble. But then they asked for a picture before she left, and she nearly went lightheaded at the thought. She would be giving her naked image to a group of Americans, and that meant this picture was going to surely be on American social media within the hour. It would go on Facebook, she would be auto-tagged, she would be caught and ruined before she even had her clothes back on. But she had to, both because Richard told her she had to, and because she so desperately wanted to lean straight into that fear. With the lightheadedness came an almost orgasmic thrill at how out of control she was, so she had to do it.
The group of 5 young adults formed around her, and one passed off a phone to Eileen. She stood directly in the middle, and after just a moment of hesitation, she assumed the same pose she had in the previous picture. Facing the camera, body bared to all, nothing to hide. She also brushed her hair back over her shoulders to make sure her chest was shown. There were hands on her waist and on her back, but she couldn't tell how many of them touched her. Hopefully all. A couple shots were taken and then the group disbanded. As the phone was being passed back and they were thanking her, she decided split second to ask for the photo. "Can I send that photo to myself? I'd like to have it too."
They agreed, so she texted the photo to herself quickly and passed it back. In the quick moment that she saw the photo, she was thrilled at how she looked. But then they left and Richard beckoned her on, leading her back towards the center of the garden. He asked her what she was talking about. He was too far to overhear. Veronica just told him that they wanted to know what she was doing and she explained it was an experiment. Her mind began to drift a bit as she walked again, oblivious to the crowds' reaction around her. She was going through the scenarios of what would happen to that photo. No chance it stayed private on that one phone. It would be shared and sent around soon. Who could know how many people would be seeing that photo. Of course, she realized that was the case with every single photo taken of her today. She was helplessly revealed to basically the whole world. It was a lot to think about. She was just about at the very center now, and Richard asked her to stop and sit down on the ground.
She did so, trying to gracefully reach the ground while still looking good for the camera. She sat with her legs together and to the side and he told her to pose some. So she did, running through some basic poses that she had seen girls do before. Hand out, hands up in the air, legs shifted, though she was careful to keep them closed. That would be too much too soon. Some other people had joined in the photo shoot while she was stuck in place, so she was posing just as much for them as the main camera. A bit of a crowd gathered to get a sight of the naked girl. She felt a little stuck in the moment, but then Richard called her on, so she stood and started walking towards him. But as soon as she stood, someone from that crowd approached, asking for a selfie. So she happily took it because she had to, glad she was getting the opportunity to correct the bad selfie from the last series. But then another person asked for one. And then another. But luckily that was the end. And then by the time she was free and started moving again, she noticed that Richard and Eileen were all the way at the edge of the park, maybe 75 feet away, watching her from a distance.
She looked around and it was just people staring at her. Just strangers, and she was all alone and all naked. That separation was a new level of thrill for this crazy experience. Now she didn't feel like a model for a shoot with a purpose to be nude, she felt like just a naked girl who was stupidly in the middle of a crowd. That was some new terror, but disturbingly also a bit of excitement for her. She started walking towards them and tried to show off some confidence, even in the face of the distance. On the way, she got another comment or two, and another picture that she posed for. But then she was at the end, where there was a large open passageway through a building, leading to a big public square. She would be ending at the statue right at the center, and it was in sight.
Walking through the enclosed passageway brought passersby in close proximity again, since it was narrow. But it was also dark, so she honestly felt like some didn't even notice her nakedness. Ahead though, the square was more crowded than anything yet, so plenty were about to see her. Emerging into the light, this became a one foot in front of the other mindset for her. Just get to the statue. Looking left and right, she realized that there were at least a hundred people milling about, plus the steady stream of cars going by on the adjacent street. 'Fuck this is a lot more people' she was thinking. But that's why she was here. So she continued, stopping to pose for a camera or two and hoping that the bit of shake she felt wasn't visible. Each stage with more people was a surprisingly hard challenge for her. It really shouldn't matter at this point, more people had seen her so far than she had probably ever met in her life and she knew it was going to get a lot worse very soon. But still, a crowd sent a chill down her spine as she waked.
She saw the bag being set down on the statue base, now about 20 feet away. The cameras were there watching her final approach. This set seemed to take a lot longer than the first, but she knew that was probably just because of the talking break. Now 10 feet away, and she had to weave her way through a crowd, and a couple of the people had a shocked reaction to spotting her nude body. But then she made it, and picked up the bag. There were a lot of people standing there, watching her pull the dress out and slide it on. A couple of people took pictures of the process and one guy clapped after she dressed. But then she was covered and could rejoice in the fact that she survived another series, with just a bit of new panic. Overall, she was loving it though, and as soon as the dress was on, her body already craved pulling it off again and having all eyes on it. It would come soon enough.
They quickly started walking away, trying to get out of the crowd, and Richard led her back towards the river. Once out of the people, they told her that she did a good job with that series. He asked if that was too many people, and she wasn't sure what to say at first. Yes it was more than she was ready for, but she knew that she wanted to have the experience of even more people. So she answered, "No, not too many, not yet."
They walked east, around a huge church, and headed straight to a big staircase leading up to a pedestrian terrace. This was another popular shooting location, so she knew what she was getting into. This was Brühl's Terrace, a very dense and popular sightseeing terrace, with great views over the river. She was getting excited at the idea with each step towards it. Often, the girl would walk all the way from one end to the other, interacting with a lot of the tourist pedestrians and street performers. This would be fun for her.
They walked up the stair and regathered over on the side, right at the top. "So Veronica, for this one, we are going to walk that way, and end at the park at the end of the terrace," he said as he pointed east, the way she was expecting. "This one will take about 15 minutes. We can take a 10 minute break if you want, or go ahead and start."
She thought for a second, but her skin was itching to be seen, so she said she was ready to keep going. So they started backing away from her, giving her a chance to look down the terrace. It was fairly full in the immediate distance, but maybe emptier at the end. She had seen it more crowded on other videos, those must have been shot on the weekend. It was the end of the afternoon by now, around 4 she thought. Definitely more people here though than the last two series, and specifically even more people that looked like tourists with cameras who might have a stronger reaction to her. Good. She was ready. Richard waved at her to start, so she did, no delay.
The dress came over her head and she slid out of the shoes. That felt better. She was alarmingly and quickly preferring the nudity to the clothed bits in between. It was still nerve-wracking and something that really challenged her, but it was really turning her on, so her horniness was overriding the fear. She really would need to masturbate soon she thought. The air on her skin and the gasp she got from a passing woman reassured her quickly growing obsession with this feeling. She walked straight towards the cameras and passed off the clothes in her hand, leaving her helplessly exposed in this crowd that was quickly beginning to notice her.
So they started walking, right into the people. Her goal this time was to be a bit more outgoing, a little happier with the people around her. She wanted to show her thrill to the camera. She never quite enjoyed the models who seemed indifferent to be there as much as the ones that really were into it, so she wanted to be what she would enjoy.
First to walk through was a tree filled plaza that formed a solid rectangular tree canopy above. It was dark and shady under it, but she could see the eyes on her. She tried to make eye contact with some of the passersbys and say hello, but few wanted to engage the naked girl. Richard then told her to keep going and he would follow her as they passed a fountain. That was new, and a new thrill. Following him and keeping him in her sight had been a reassuring element through it all, but now she could see just the people. It again felt like when he was far away back in the garden, like she was just a naked girl all alone. Her pussy twinged at that thought. Oh no, she thought, was this kink going to evolve?
She tried to put that out of her mind and continued on, now leaving the trees and facing the open terrace, and she kept going without hesitation. She felt so sexy. The people here were mostly the same kind of people as the last two locations, but there were also more obvious foreigners and also more families. Now this was going to be the reaction she was here for. Almost immediately, she heard someone say "oh my god, she's naked." She look around a bit and spotted what looked like a tourist family, maybe British, all watching her. Father and son with focused eyes, the daughter with interest, and the mother and grandmother with a bit of annoyance and confusion. That variety of reaction almost made her laugh right there. As long as those that enjoyed her got a good view, she was happy. She hoped that the men would think about her naked form later on, with lustful memories. Maybe the daughter too.
There were pictures and laughs and stares as she continued, but it was mostly uneventful. She would periodically stop to pose for a candid shot but no one really wanted to be in them with her. About halfway down the terrace, she finally had a really good interaction. She spotted them walking towards her and knew that something would happen. A large group of young men, around her age, had spotted her from a distance and were walking straight towards her. A shiver went through her. In other situations, a group of men coming right at her in the street would be concerning. Now she was naked too. But she wanted it.
She was stopping to pose for a photo when they reached her. They were loud and laughing a lot, obviously a little drunk, and tried to greet her in German. She responded that she didn't speak it, so they switched to rough English, and asked what she was doing. This went a little like the last conversation, but since they were not Americans, she was significantly less nervous. They were just a group of friends out in the city for the weekend and were excited to see her. It was maybe 7 or 8 guys and they were all trying to get a moment with her and an eyeful. It was very flattering, as she felt like the center of the world. She kind of even flirted with them some, against her logical judgement. Horny Vernoica won that moment. She made herself hold her chest proud, perky tits and hard nipples directed right at the guys.
This was the kind of reaction she had missed from the locker room and the beach: unashamed male attention. It was fucking hot.
After a minute, Richard interrupted and asked if they wanted a picture with her. One or two passed off phones and they circled around her. Back to her typical photo pose, making sure she was all visible. But then suddenly, she was being lifted off the ground and into one guys arms. All she could do was laugh as the feeling of hands on skin went through her. One of his arms was around her bank, with the hand just about at the side of her boob, and the other arm was holding up her legs. The guys were all laughing too. So she smiled right at the cameras and loved the moment. But then he put her down, and the group all thanked her and left. She was going to have to do that again.
Richard was ahead of her again now, and she walked towards him. At this side of the terrace, there were much less people. She waved at a couple of women walking by, trying to look as friendly as she could. They ignored her. Oh well. She looked down at her body and ran her hands up and down it. The feeling of being naked felt so right in the moment. She really was surprised how quickly she adjusted to this, both being naked and being seen. She totally was an exhibitionist, but maybe she was a nudist too. Who needs clothes really?
She and Richard talked for a moment about how she was feeling since there weren't a lot of people around. He said that he could tell she liked it, and she was glad it was coming through. He said that he was glad she was so into this considering what was coming next, which sparked some curiosity and concern, but he wouldn't say any more. Eventually, they made it to the end, where there was another park and a fountain. Richard handed off the bag of clothes and watched her dress. Now, she was slower to cover up. How she hated the constriction of fabric on skin at first. But it was time to be done and move on for the last set.
They talked and walked through the park at first, but then turned towards the city again.
"For the last series, we are going to walk back to the hotel. We'll start right at the bottom of this staircase," he said, pointing ahead. There was a big ornate staircase leading down from the park, into the city. She thought through the geography of the city, which she had studied a lot before the trip, and realized that this walk would take them right through the Neumarkt, a huge town square like area, where there were always a lot of people in past shoots. Definitely more tourists along this walk.
As they walked down the stairs, Richard told her that he wanted her to do something particular on this walk. Once they were in the main open area, she was to walk a wide lap around the square, around the people, while the cameras were going to stay over to the far side and watch from a distance. He said that the girls always got better reactions when the camera wasn't right there. That gave Veronica a jolt of nerves, but it was also exactly what she was fantasizing about earlier, so she was into it.
At the bottom of the stairs, they stepped to the side and talked for a moment more before deciding it was time to start. She could feel her hard nipples rubbing on the dress, so she knew her body was ready to get going again. So once the camera was rolling, she pulled her dress off before even being told to. She wanted it that bad. She casually bundled up the dress and shoes and passed them off, starting what she thought would be her final nude walk of the day. She told herself to savor the experience.
They walked south down Georg-Treu-Platz from the staircase. There were not a ton of people in this area, so it strangely felt like she wasn't even that exposed. The bar of feeling anything from being naked in public was very quickly elevating to the point that half a dozen people didn't mean anything. The power/shame dynamic wasn't in her mind yet, that apparently needed more people. Without the emotional response, she nearly forgot she was naked. That part just felt so right now. So she just looked around and observed the beautiful and historic buildings. It was a picturesque city.
She followed as they turned to the right, and she could see a crowd in the distance. Butterflies were back as she pushed on. No comments or photos yet, as they passed a building and then turned to the left. She was directly facing the huge church and the real exposure was about to begin. Now groups of tourists had noticed her and started snapping some pictures from a distance. She tried to look as happy as she could as she approached them.
One guy clapped nearby, making her laugh and blush. So she waved back in the general direction, and posed for a couple pictures as they continued. As they made it around the large church building, the main square came into view. She was actually initially disappointed, because it was not as full as she'd seen before. It was getting later in the day, so it made sense. But she felt deprived of the full experience she imagined. She had to push on anyway. Richard gestured that she should start walking away and make the loop around the square, so she did, and turned herself away from her safety.
After a couple dozen steps, she could tell this was a different experience than the previous times she walked away from the camera. Here, there was more distance and more crowd, meaning that she very quickly felt out of place and very watched. She looked back, and initially couldn't even find the cameras, but it turned out that they had moved 20 or 30 feet farther while she walked. She decided to not look back for them again though. Now plenty of people were noticing her, and she did in fact get different reactions. A lot more blatant and confused looks, more pictures and laughs and comments. The camera signified that there was a reason she was naked, she guessed. Now that it was out of sight, people could have true reactions to why there was a random nude woman. And those true reactions were stronger and refueled the feeling of breaking the rules, of putting herself into a situation completely out of the ordinary. This was more like if she just pulled off her dress while taking a walk around back home.
She just ignored the comments in other languages, but eventually someone asked her in English if she was ok. It appeared to just be a concerned tourist lady, but when she replied that she was fine, just taking a walk with no clothes on because she wanted to see how it felt, the woman laughed and smiled back, telling her that she envied her confidence. Veronica loved to hear that, since the confidence was her initial fear. She could do it after all.
She was now at the exact opposite side of the square, all naked and alone. She had a couple people ask her for a picture, which she happily offered, showing herself off to the complete stranger's cameras. They were a little more handsy now that they thought she was alone. She wasn't sure how to feel about that at first, but took it as an unavoidable add on to the experience. A couple hands right on her butt, one around her shoulder that drooped basically onto her right breast. She almost just offered to let the guy grab it, but thought better of it because then everyone would want to do that. So she posed and then pushed herself on, to continue through the small but gathering crowd to see her, towards where she assumed Richard was.
Looking ahead at about the three quarter mark, she spotted them watching her, so she waved and make a direct line towards them. When she rejoined, Richard asked how she was feeling. She told him and the camera that she was still enjoying it, but that it was a little scarier away from them, to which Richard laughed and agreed. He said that they were getting close to the end.
They turned down a narrower street, where there were not a ton of people. That let her just think about her experience some more. This had been everything she wanted and she had no idea if this was even the end yet. No regrets at this point. There probably would be a little once she actually saw herself on the internet, but too late now, so why worry. The experiential high pushed her into just accepting the joy that she was actually doing the thing that was always just a dream.
They turned left, and there was the hotel, just across a wide street with trolley tracks. She was facing down the end of her adventure for the day, and was actually a bit sad with each step. Now she had literally no care or perception of the people around her, except for Richard, who was stopped at the side of the street, and holding out the bag. She reached it, and slowly pulled the dress out and on. Richard asked one last time if she enjoyed it on camera, and she happily responded and waved goodbye. The camera was turned off, and it was over, just as soon as it started.
She didn't know it, but her day and her exhibitionism were just beginning. An hour naked was just the teaser for the weekend she was about to have.