This is a follow-up to From the Curtains Again, a reboot of my From the Curtains series from a few years ago. In Part I, Melanie, 30-ish single, career woman who only recently had started working from home as a freelance writer of erotica, found a 20-ish, slim dark-haired woman, skinny-dipping in her pool! The young woman, whose name was Toni, worked for the power company as a meter reader. For quite some time, she had been using Melanie's pool to cool off while making her rounds on those hot Florida days.
*
It never occurred to Toni that one day, she might get caught. Or what that would lead to.
"If you're looking for your clothes," said Melanie. "I have them. They're locked away."
She also had photos of Toni swimming in the nude on power company time.
"You are trespassing and I could have you arrested." She pointed to the camera.
"I have the evidence right here."
Toni pleaded with her not to have her arrested.
"Or I could show these to your supervisor. You'd probably lose your job.
Toni pleaded with her not to show the photos to her supervisor.
"Please! Please! I don't want to go to jail or lose my job. I'll do anything you ask!"
Little did Toni realize how much she would enjoy doing anything Melanie asked her to do. In short while, Melanie had photos of Toni touching her clit, playing with her nipples and making herself have an orgasm.
Watching her and photographing her turned Melanie on, too.
"Now, we'll take some of us together."
She slipped off her shorts and her T-shirt and placed them on the table. Her slim, nude body was tanned all over, just like Toni's. Except for a landing strip, her pubic area was shaved perfectly clean.
In her hand, she held a remote control for the camera. She set the camera on the table and focused the lens on the steps of the pool. Then, she walked down the first two steps into the pool. The water was the perfect temperature. She sat on the top step.
"You seemed to enjoy playing solo for the camera."
Toni nodded.
With her index finger, Melanie motioned for her to swim toward her.
"Wait!" replied Toni. "I'm straight. I even have a fiancé. We're getting married in a few months."
Melanie smiled. "Does he know you're bi?"
Toni shook her head. "I'm not bi!"
"Neither am I," replied Melanie. "But that doesn't mean we can't have some fun taking pictures together."
Toni sat beside Melanie. "Do I have a choice?"
Melanie sat back on the steps, propping herself up with her elbows. "Of course you do. In fact, you can leave right now if you want to. I'll give you your clothes back and delete all of the photos on my camera right in front of you."
For about two minutes, there was dead silence. Before Toni could reply, Melanie spoke.
"I knew it! If you really wanted to leave, you'd have left as soon as I said you could. You're enjoying this."
Toni took in a deep breath and let it out with a sigh. "Yes. I've never been like this before around another woman. And I am enjoying it!"
"Move in closer," said Melanie. "Pretend to lick my nipple. But don't touch me."
Toni slid closer to Melanie on the step and stuck her tongue out.
Melanie pressed the button on the remote.
Click!
From that angle, it looked like Toni was licking Melanie's nipple.
"Now, another one. Only this time, pretend to touch both of my nipples with your index fingers."
Click!
Melanie sat on the top step, out of the water. She spread her legs wide.
"Come in closer and pretend to lick my clit."
Toni rolled over into the water and placed her face between Melanie's legs. She turned her head sideways and stuck out her tongue, an inch from Melanie's clit.
Click!
"Place your hand in front of my pussy like you're fingering me."
Click!
Melanie got out of the water, dried off, and looked at the pictures they had taken.
"Perfect!"
She looked up to see Toni lying back on the steps, her hands working her breasts and clit. Melanie smiled.
"Looks like you enjoyed that, too!"
The sound of her voice broke Toni's concentration and she stopped what she was doing.
"Yes, I did!"
Melanie thought for a moment. "Then, I have something else for you to do, which I think you may enjoy as much if not more. There's a little club five minutes from here. The owner is a friend of mine. I'll change and we'll get you something to wear. You can't walk in there in your power company uniform."
Toni donned her bra and panties. Then, Melanie found a white button down top and white shorts that her sister had left there from her last visit. They turned out to be a perfect fit, if not a little bit tight on top. That was easily fixed by having Toni open the top three buttons, revealing much more of her cleavage than she normally would have liked to show.
While Toni used the bathroom, Melanie made a quick phone call.
A short drive later they arrived a Linda's, a stylish club with a bar, stage and tables -- and no men allowed.
All of the tables were filled with young women, all stylishly dressed as if coming from work for a drink and some fun. The waitresses also were young women as were the bartenders. Up on the stage, the owner, Linda, was talking into a microphone about how a special guest was on her way.
"And here she is now!"
As soon as they walked in, Linda spotted Melanie and Toni and waved them up to the stage. She cued the female DJ to play some dance music. It was loud and had a heavy, rhythmic beat.
"Go on up on the stage," said Melanie.
"What?"
"Go on! You're the main attraction. You get to keep half"
Toni's heart was racing. "Half of what?"
"You'll see."
As if in a trance, Toni started to bump and grind to the music.
Melanie stood off to the side, capturing the whole thing with her camera.
Linda shouted into the microphone.
"How much for her top?"
One of the young women called out, "Ten!"
Another yelled "Fifteen!"
Another called out "Twenty!"
The bidding stopped at $30.
Linda collected the cash from the top bidder, who walked up on stage. She unbuttoned Toni's blouse slowly. Then, she removed it from Toni's shoulders, draped it over her arm and pranced off the stage with her prize.
Toni started dancing again. She smiled over at Melanie, who snapped more pictures.
Linda called out again.
"How much for her shorts?"
This time, the bidding stopped at $60.
The winner unzipped Toni's shorts and slid them slowly down her long tan legs.
Toni stepped out of them and continued dancing.
"For her bra, bidding starts at $100!"
It ended at $400.
"What's left?" shouted Linda.
The young women chanted "Panties! Panties! Panties!"
The bidding started at $500 and ended at $1000.
Slowly, the winner slid Toni's panties off. She pretended to lick Toni's clit.
Toni reacted as if she had.
The crowd of young women went wild.
Melanie took more photos.
Toni couldn't believe she was dancing naked in front of a room full of women -- and making more money in a half hour than she made in a week.
As the music faded out, Toni stopped dancing, and Linda said, "Let's show some love to our dancer!"
The young women applauded.
Toni walked off the stage to where Melanie stood taling on her cell phone. When the call ended, she asked Toni, "Did you have fun?"
Toni rolled back her eyes. "Of course! But it has me so turned on, I need my fiancé. Or my vibe."
She had one hand between her legs and the other playing with her breasts. Then, she stopped. "How will I get back to your place with no clothes?"
Melanie smiled. "Don't worry about clothes. I'll bring the car around. And when you get to my place, you won't need your fiancé or your vibe."
Toni didn't understand. "Why not?"
"Eight friends of mine will be there," said Melanie. "Male friends."
Toni's curiosity was piqued. "Male friends?"
"Yes. We get together on a regular basis," replied Melanie. "I call them the Eight Inchers."
To be continued...