Characters: Alex, Lizzie, The Doctor, unnamed coworkers, Researcher #003 (mentioned)
Tags: Reluctance/Consensual Non-Consent (CNC), exhibitionism, blowjob, testing/edging, BDSM, domination/submission, whining/begging, male submissive, female dominant/femdom/domme
Summary: Lizzie blows Alex while he tries to attend an important work meeting with his camera on.
--
Author's Note: This is technically a part 2 to a previous story, but both stand on their own. This story still makes sense without reading the first part.
--
A notification went off on my phone. Oh, what now? I made a face at the email's preview.
"Uhh, Lizzie?" I called out from my office.
"Yeah?"
"I'm going to be in a meeting for the next hour or so. Camera on and stuff. So just text me if you need anything."
She paused. "Microphone on, too?"
"... Yeah? Why?"
"I was just wondering if I should keep it down."
"Yeah, thanks."
With that, I shut the door and rolled my chair over to my desk. When I first started working from home, I had thought it meant less interaction with these guys. Yet no matter the distance, they always found ways to drag me away from my actual work.
I steadied my camera, judging my appearance in the preview. I was already mostly ready, fortunately. Admittedly, it had taken a few weeks to get used to the short-notice meetings, but it was behind me now. I was ready. I did up the top button of my shirt and adjusted the collar. Fix my hair, practice a polite, complacent smile ... perfect! I joined the meeting.
Most of the security team was already there. At least, I was pretty sure ... It felt like we lost or gained someone every other week. Another security meeting? I scanned the other cameras. No. Besides my boss, there was also the lead of the research team. And ... I clenched my teeth, reflexively straightening my posture. Dr. Michael Vespertine. What was he doing here?
Smiles, smiles ... Come on, everyone's happy. I could almost hear his voice in my head. I tried to relax, forcing a neutral expression. Even through the screen, I felt like he was staring right at me.
As the last person joined, the meeting started. I momentarily unmuted to add my voice to the symphony of greetings. It had been a while since I had had to do that. My boss began to speak.
He spoke fast, his voice muffled. It was a little comforting, that even he was on edge with the presence of Dr. Vespertine. Something about a Class 3 security failure overnight, leading to an escape. As well as the injury of a researcher. I did feel sympathy, but it was overshadowed by the dread of another week of long hours. I was so focused, I didn't hear the door click.
The Doctor didn't speak, as if his presence alone said enough. He was sitting perfectly still, eyes on the camera, a cold smile on his face. If it wasn't for the occasional blink, I would have thought he was just a picture.
I jumped at the touch of my thigh. Looking down, I was met with Lizzie's doe-eyes. She was kneeling on the floor beside me, her green eyes sparkling deviously. She grinned when we made eye contact.
"Lizzie, I'm in a meeting- There's people," I hissed as she made her way under the desk.
"Come on~" She traced a finger across my hips. "You like being afraid, don't you?" She paused, her grin widening. "You did last time~"
"That- that was one time!" I could feel heat rise from my neck, unable to look away as she slid a hand under my shirt. She only giggled in response.
"Alex?" The voice from the speakers made me tense, eyes returning to the screen. My boss had his head tilted. "I believe you were muted. What did you say?"
I swallowed hard. Fuck. What were they talking about? My eyes darted around the screen for clues. I froze as I was met with The Doctor's blank stare. "I-I, uh, I just said that it's- it's such a shame that the failure of the security team led to such a catastrophe, and I'm prepared to work more hours to-" I cut off as Lizzie dug her nails into my waist, barely holding back a yelp. "Work more to remedy this," I finished quickly, slamming the mute button on my keyboard. My team members echoed my words, their voices as stiff and nervous as mine. Perhaps no one would notice.
I sneaked a glance, seeing Lizzie resting her head on my leg. When we made eye contact, she brought herself closer, taking the zipper of my pants into her teeth.
I gulped and looked back to the screen, forcing myself to keep my eyes on it. But all I could focus on was her gentle touches. Fingers travelling across my thighs, kisses on my stomach, down to the waistband of my boxers, then pausing. I didn't have to look down, her devilish grin was already vivid in my mind. Her lips made contact with me again, my waistband, then ... my stomach again, my abs, my waist, my hips. Going in circles. I squirmed.
"Hmm? Is someone getting impatient already?" Her fingers grazed across the bulge in my boxers.
I couldn't risk responding. I felt hot. I suddenly regretted buttoning up my shirt all the way. So much for being professional.
Her hands made their way to my waist, then dragged down. She stopped at my waistband to pull on it. Pulling it down a little, then back up, then down, pausing, then back up again. Toying with the idea of taking it off. Playing with me.
I let out a soft sigh through clenched teeth. It was embarrassing how worked up she had gotten me. She hadn't even touched me yet.
I took a hand off my desk and reached for my boxers. She grabbed my hand and squeezed it until I let go, then placed my hand on my pants. I grumbled. Better than nothing.
I raised in my seat to get the pants off, ignoring her giggle. I tried to keep my expression neutral as my pants fell to my ankles, keeping my eyes on the screen. How humiliating.
Lizzie seemed pleased with her increased access, her kisses becoming more forceful. Down my stomach, then ... past it again. To my thighs, where she seemed to make herself at home. Rolling up the leg of my boxers and peppering me with kisses. Her hand rubbed my other thigh as she moved closer, closer ... stopped. Again. I was beginning to ache.
"What ... What are you waiting for?" I whispered between heavy breaths. I glanced down at her.
She looked up at me, batting her eyelashes. "Oh but Lizzie, I'm in a meeting with all these important people." She pouted. "I can't right now." Her smirk returned. "Sound familiar?"
"I-I ... I did not- A-ah!" I cut off as she squeezed my thigh, my wide eyes glancing at  my screen. No one seemed to notice. Suddenly, I was so thankful I had remembered to mute.
She tapped on my bulge, smirking at the way I squirmed. "Anyways. I like seeing you get all needy. It's cute."
"I am not ne-"
She squeezed my thigh again, my body betraying me as I bucked my hips forward.  She giggled. "What was that? I couldn't hear over the pathetic little noise you made."
I didn't dare speak again. Meeting. I was in a meeting. I had to remind myself of that. I returned my gaze to the screen, trying to figure out what they were talking about. It was hard to focus. Not only because of Lizzie, but because of the glimpse of my camera's preview. My red face. My pleading eyes. I looked like I was being held hostage. Even with my microphone muted, surely someone would notice my desperation soon. I averted my gaze.
"L-Lizzie. Please."
"Hmmm? Please what?"
I clenched my teeth. She would not cut me some slack. "P-Please ... I don't know- Fuck me, anything, I..."
"Anything?" The tone of her voice told me that I had made a mistake. I couldn't find it in me to care.
"Yes, anything." I answered too quickly. "I ... I need you. Please." My voice was breathy. Desperate.
"Well I can't say no to that, can I?" Lizzie giggled. It felt like she was speaking so slowly. "I almost want to drag it out longer. But since you've been so good ..."
I couldn't respond.
She rested a hand on my bulge. "Wow you're- soaked. I thought you were exaggerating, but ... it looks like you really do need me."
My throbbing seemed to be enough of a response for her. She pressed a kiss to my bulge, giggling at the moan that escaped my lips. I did my best to keep still, as if my squirming could change her mind.
Finally, her hands were on my waistband, pulling down just enough to free my dick. After a moment's pause, I looked down at her.
"Hmm ... you know what? I'll be back."
"Wh-What??"
Before I could really protest, she was already out from under the desk, crawling to the door to stay out of the camera's view. I swallowed hard, feeling myself twitch. Why now?
"Alexander."
A cold sweat ran down my neck as the deep voice crackled from my speakers. I forced my eyes to the camera, meeting The Doctor's face. His smile was gone. His gaze tore through me, making me shrink in my chair. "Y-Yes sir?" I answered, wincing at my voice crack.
"Are you unwell?"
Fuck. Fuck. I could see my own red face staring at me from the corner of my vision. "U-Um, yes sir. I haven't been sleeping well, a-and-"
"I see." His voice held no concern. "We need you to stay focused, Alexander. This is quite important."
"Y-Yes ... my apologies, sir."
"Good. Now proceed."
After a long pause, the meeting continued as normal. When the door clicked open, I didn't acknowledge Lizzie's return, instead triple-checking that I had muted.
I covered my mouth as if I was coughing, keeping my eyes on the computer. "Lizzie, I-I don't know about this anymore."
"Oh? What's wrong?" she asked, tossing the pillow she had brought under the desk. She crawled under.
"T-They know something's wrong, he ..." My words caught in my throat. "He asked me, I ..."
"Aww, scaredy-cat. If you're so worried, then pay attention. I'll be here."
I swallowed hard. "Here doing what?"
"Well~" She giggled, placing her hands on my thighs. "You're still so hard. It seems cruel to leave you like this, don't you think?" I could feel her breath on me. "Besides ... I haven't even gotten to taste you yet."
Her lips were on me before I could respond, kissing the base of my shaft. I covered my moan with my hand, bucking towards her as she went faster. Before I knew it, my legs were wrapped around her, squeezing her closer.
"What were you saying before?" she asked between kisses. A bead of precum dripped down my shaft and she eagerly licked it up, making me shiver. Each touch chipped away at what little resolve I had left, until I couldn't stop myself from moving my hips to the rhythm she had set.
I didn't dare try to answer her. It took all my willpower to keep my eyes on the computer, covering my moans with my hand. Meeting. Meeting. Meeting. Ignore everything else.
Attempting to ignore it only made it worse, especially as she worked her way up to my tip. I tensed as her lips parted, licking in circles before finally taking me into her mouth.
I squeezed my eyes shut, letting out a deep groan. Up and down. Up and down. All I could feel was how warm she was, and how good she felt. Up and down. Up and down. Each time, she went a little deeper, milking moans from me. She sent her hands exploring, caressing my thighs, fondling my balls. I wasn't going to last very long. I moved my hips faster. Maybe I didn't care.
To my dismay, she slowed, taking me out of her mouth. "I'm so sorry, I'm just getting a little tired ... were you getting close?"
I couldn't play this game right now. Not at work! How long did she want to drag this out? I didn't speak, I couldn't. My breathing was heavy. Shaking. I used my legs to pull her in tighter.
Lizzie giggled. "So impatient." She wrestled an arm out of my grip. Before I could wonder why, her tongue was back on me, teasing my tip.
Stay still. Stay still. If I was a good enough actor, she'd push me over the edge accidentally. Surely.
She continued at the same pace. It was as if she was investigating me, running her tongue over different parts, judging the way I gasped and tensed. Finally, she parted her lips again, sucking on my tip. She moaned softly, fingering herself at the same speed.
Her noises sent a new wave of warmth through my body, making me throb in her mouth. She didn't even stop to tease me about it, picking up the pace. "You're ... lucky I'm so worked up ..." she said, muffled.
I moaned my response. As she went deeper, a muffled whine escaped my lips.
She cursed softly, picking up the pace and moving to focus on my tip. I couldn't help but thrust into her, desperate for a climax. She held my leg down with her arm, keeping a firm grip on my dick while she licked and sucked. Each bob of her head elicited a short whine from me, growing faster as I got closer. Should I say something? What if she stopped? Coherent thoughts dissolved from my mind, replaced by the sound of her moans. They echoed in my head. I was so warm. I squeezed my eyes shut as the pleasure built up in my core, tightening every muscle in my body. The desire was becoming overwhelming. For a few agonizing seconds, it was like I had forgotten how to cum.
Finally, I felt release, crying out into my hand as I pulsated down her throat. Each throb made my whole body shake.
Once I was done, my shoulders slackened, leaning onto the desk. All I could do was breathe heavily as reality slowly faded back in. "Th ... thank you ..."
I vaguely heard her respond, but her muffled words felt so far away. After a couple seconds, she took me out of her mouth. My sensitivity helped bring me back to reality, making me whimper as a full-body shiver went down my spine.
"I said, I'm not done with you."
My mind was still fuzzy. "... What?"
She didn't repeat herself again, my eyes snapping open as she took me back into her mouth. "W-wait-- what?? H-hey wait!"
My protests were jumbled as my nerves lit up, overwhelmed with sensation. She quickly ramped up the speed, fingering herself at the same pace.
I couldn't think, my body too weak to squirm away from her hold. I gave up on the meeting, putting my head down to look at her. My eyes begged for mercy, but she didn't look at me. I couldn't even enjoy the view of her sucking me, my mind screaming. I couldn't tell what the sensation even was. It hurt but felt so good at the same time, making me use all my energy to shiver and squeeze her closer. To whimper and cry out. To try to beg her to stop, or maybe to keep going? To go faster? Was I losing my mind?
Through the static in my head, I could hear her moans get louder and more frequent, while still trying to keep stimulating me. Her tongue was only grazing my tip, moving impossibly fast, but even just that was driving me crazy. I felt like nothing more than a toy, and somehow ... I quite liked it.
She gave up on using her mouth, burying her face in my thighs while she used her free hand to torture me instead. Still just on the tip, more forceful than she had been with her tongue. Moving so fast. Moving to different parts of me so I never got used to it. The feeling. The torture. I liked it. She wanted me to suffer. I loved it.
Somehow the sensation was getting worse. Stronger. I couldn't take it anymore. I wanted more. I couldn't. I needed it.
A second climax shot through me as she bit my thigh, hard. My body found the energy to shake again, my whimpers matching Lizzie's moans. We shook together until the feeling faded.
Tears pricked my eyes. I stared at her, not truly seeing her. Not truly seeing anything.
She released my thigh from her jaw, gently passing over the marks with her thumb. Afterwards, she rested her head on my leg, looking up at me. Concern flickered across her face when I didn't react.
I dropped a hand from my desk and brushed it through her hair, too spent to do anything more. She smiled and tapped my thigh, saying something I didn't hear. I didn't respond, even when she got up to leave. Her words bounced around in my head, taking a long time to register. Finally, they hit me.
The meeting.
I was too spent to care, remaining face down on my desk. Voices from the speaker slowly faded in.
"Yeah, I think he's passed out."
"God. Poor guy."
"Umm ... s-should we call someone?"
"That won't be necessary."
The Doctor's deep voice silenced the others, startling me out of my daze. Cold, calculating gray eyes pierced through me. His face held no concern.
"Alexander."
Fuck, was I muted? A silent prayer echoed through my head as I forced myself to check (for the fourth time). Yes, yes, I had been ... Thank god.
"Alexander."
I slammed on the unmute button, frantically making eye contact with the webcam. "Ye--" I cut off as my voice cracked. Heat spread across my face, up to the tips of my ears and down to my neck. I cleared my throat. "Y-Yes, sir?"
His eyes narrowed. "Are you capable of attending this meeting?"
"Yes, sir."
He raised an eyebrow. "That doesn't seem to be the case."
I fell silent for a moment, mind blank. "Um, s-sor--"
"Your participation in our meeting has been quite lacking, Alexander. A subject has escaped. Researcher 0-0-3 has been incapacitated. Finding replacements is not a simple process, Alexander. Is this not worth your attention?"
"... No, sir."
Amusement sparked in his eyes for just a moment. "This is not worth your time, Alexander?"
"N-no, sir! It is worth my time!"
The ghost of a smile appeared on his face. As soon as I registered it, it was gone. "You do not seem to be in the correct state of mind for this discussion, Alexander." He leaned forward on his desk. "Muted, distracted, unresponsive ... You are wasting my time."
My coworkers half-heartedly echoed their agreement, averting their gazes. Words escaped me, frozen like a deer in headlights. Lizzie's apologetic smile was barely visible in my peripheral vision.
The Doctor sighed. "Leave the meeting, Alexander. You are clearly unwell. Get some rest."
My face paled. "I'm sorry, sir, I--"
He waved me off. "No need, Alexander." He paused. "We can meet in my office at a later date. I think you may need a review of appropriate conduct. Come in as soon as you feel well. I will make time for you."
My heart squeezed in my chest. Was I going to get fired?? God, I was ... fucked.
The screen flashed red before I could speak. The host has removed you from the meeting. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
Lizzie popped her head up from under the desk, looking up at me. The guilt was plain on her face. "Um ... we have the rest of the day, now?" She offered a small smile.
I couldn't return the smile.
"Come on, I wanna make it up to you somehow ..."
"... I don't think anything could take my mind off of this." My voice was quiet, staring down at Lizzie blankly.
The devious sparkle in her eyes returned. "I do love a challenge," she said as she squeezed my thigh. "Come on~ I'll do my best to perform ... without an audience, this time."