11. Cassie Joins the Fun
Tuesday Evening
Madelyn would have liked to stay in bed all day exploring her girlfriend's body and responses, but she had work and Leila had an accounting class, so they reluctantly brought their escapades to a close only a couple of hours later, although they were very satisfying hours at least. Between their work and class schedules they wouldn't be able to get together again until Thursday morning, so they made tentative plans to get coffee and try to backtrack to more traditional first date activities. While Leila washed up Madelyn scanned her to see that she still had some six hours left on her cooldown timer, but as the remote was only at 17% power the issue was kind of moot.
Madelyn was able to focus on work a little better today, although she was still making more mistakes than normal as she imagined all the possible kinks she might be able to give her roommate that evening. Her manager Tina, a willowy woman in her mid-30s with ash blond hair, even took Maddie aside to ask if she was feeling all right. She was feeling both happy and horny, although she didn't confide that to her boss, instead assuring her that she would really buckle down for the rest of the evening. Maddie tried, she really did, but the phrase 'buckle down' had her imagining Cassie with a fetish for bondage which got her nether regions riled up again.
With great relief Maddie finally left work, stopping to pick up some groceries on the way home. She tidied up the apartment a bit and lit some candles in case the smell of sex was lingering before starting on making a salad for dinner. Madelyn had barely begun when Cassie opened the door and dropped half a dozen bags all over the living room with a relieved groan. "Hey Cass!" she called, "Good trip?"
Cassie snorted and replied, "I just spent six hours on a bus with no air conditioning and thirty other people. Why would you even ask a question like that?" Cassie often seemed grumpy and grouchy and short-tempered to people who didn't know her well, but Madelyn knew that was mostly a front and that she was actually very sweet-natured and sentimental, but she mostly showed that through actions rather than words.
"I'm making myself a Cobb salad for dinner, do you want me to make you one, too?" Maddie asked.
"Yes, please and thank you, but that's not gonna be enough," Cassie replied. "I hope you won't think I'm a pig if I get some real food delivered." Laughing, Maddie assured her that was fine.
As Cassie headed off to take a shower Madelyn dug the remote out of her purse and locked on to her roommate. It was currently sitting at 54%, plenty of juice to give Cass an interesting new wrinkle to her personality. Pressing the red button, Madelyn eagerly awaited the result. It turned out to be 'NUDITY FETISH.'
The target will find nudity to be exceptionally sexually stimulating, whether their own or others'. They will have a strong inclination to be nude at home and in any public settings where it is normally allowed or tolerated, and may try to push the envelope on when that allowance or tolerance is applicable.
Madelyn flushed. This should be very exciting! She couldn't wait to see how it would unfold. Cassie was a strawberry blonde, rather tall for a girl, with freckles and pale skin that showed a blush quite easily, and with her new orientation Madelyn found herself getting a little wet at the thought of being able to see her roomie naked all the time, or at least most of the time. As the shower turned off Madelyn confirmed the cost of the change (40 points again) and checked Cassie's other attributes. According to the remote she was DOM and her inclinations were basically bisexual, as she registered at F55/M50. Madelyn still wasn't sure exactly what the scale meant, in terms of how a rating of 30 differed from 70, for example, but a larger number clearly meant someone was more likely to pick a partner of that sex, given the choice.
Just then there was a knock at the door and a male voice called out that the food had arrived. "Be right there!" called Cassie from the bathroom as Madelyn was preparing to get up to accept the delivery.
The remote clearly worked fast as Cassie came out of the bathroom completely naked save for a towel wrapped around her hair. Her broad shoulders and muscular legs had somehow given Maddie the impression that Cassie's boobs were about the same size as her own, but seeing them unbound by a sports bra and uncovered, she amended her assessment and decided that Cassie had to wear at least a D-cup. They rode high on her chest and were capped by large, pale pink areolae and erect nipples several shades darker. Beneath her lean stomach with a hint of abs was a neatly trimmed bush of strawberry blonde pubes.
Madelyn got a very nice look at Cassie's butt when she opened the door to accept her food from the disbelieving but delighted delivery man. It was well-muscled and very round, like a giant peach. Its pale perfection contrasted beautifully, in Madelyn's opinion, with the tan lines that showed Cassie favored a relatively conservative one-piece swimsuit. Or at least she had before her shower, Maddie supposed. She suddenly was aware that Cass had caught her admiring her nude form and blushed, making eye contact to see a rather pleased and predatory look on her roommate's face.
~~
Cassandra smirked as she noticed her roommate checking her out. She shifted her stance a little to thrust out her breasts more and spread her legs a bit to provide Maddie a peek at her lower lips through the reddish curls of her bush. Cassie held the pose for a while, long enough to make Maddie blush at the realization she'd been caught and look up at her roommate, chagrined. Cass just gave her roomie a smile and asked, "Like what you see?"
Cassandra was pretty proud of her figure, which she worked hard to keep in good condition. She was studying kinesiology and health science, so she considered her body to be something of an advertisement for her professional skills. While showering, she had suddenly made a leap and realized that her accomplishments in personal health and fitness would be far more accessible to people if she stopped wearing clothes. Cass resolved to immediately cease wearing anything around the apartment and got a little disgruntled as she contemplated having to get dressed for classes and other errands.
Maddie seemed to have no verbal response to Cassie's inquiry, instead just taking her salad to the couch and turning on the television. Cass smirked but decided to let it slide for now. She got a drink and a few other items from the kitchen before settling down on the opposite end of the couch and getting started on her dinner. Maddie was watching a nature documentary that wasn't really holding Cassie's attention, so she found her mind wandering. She was in the middle of a fairly detailed fantasy about someday opening up her own rehabilitation clinic, staffed by fully nude professionals, when she noticed that Maddie kept surreptitiously peeking at her. The attention was getting Cassie a little turned on, although she was disinclined to actually do anything really sexual with her roommate. Cass knew that Maddie was at least a little bi-curious, but she'd never exhibited much interest in her roommate before; of course, this was the first time she'd probably ever gotten a good long look at the statuesque redhead in the buff.
Cassie decided to have some fun teasing Maddie so she had a nice stretch, really thrusting out her large breasts and making them wobble attractively when she stopped. Cass then shifted until her back was on the armrest of the couch and put one leg on the floor and the other crooked up against the backrest, giving Madelyn a wide-open view between her legs. Maddie took advantage of the invitation and gazed admiringly at her roommate's shameless display while blushing and breathing heavily. "So, Maddie..." she asked teasingly, "Is this your way of saying you've got a crush on me, or have you just never seen another woman naked before?"
Maddie laughed and said, "Well, it's definitely not the latter!" with a tone that suggested an inside joke. Looking directly at Cassie she continued, "And don't get me wrong, I like you plenty, but while you were off at camp or whatever I started seeing someone, and I'm not planning to cheat on her!"
Cassandra sat up abruptly at that, making her tits bounce attractively, although she was no longer playing a game. "OH! Now that is some juicy gossip! Dish it out, let's hear some details! Is it anyone I know?"
Maddie replied, "You've definitely seen her, but I don't think you know her very well. Her name is Leila, she works at the restaurant with me."
Cassie's face scrunched up with concentration for a moment but then she exclaimed, "Oh, yeah! I know who you're talking about, we had a gen ed class together freshman year! The bunny girl, right?"
Maddie looked flabbergasted about that for some reason but was finally able to sputter, "Uh, yes, that's her." Cassie smiled genuinely and said, "Well, that's great! I don't know if I ever talked to her but she's definitely a looker. Gotta admit I wouldn't have expected her to go in for the ladies, though."
"Yeah," agreed Madelyn, "I was a little surprised to learn that myself, but we found ourselves in a kind of sexy situation and then it just happened."
Cassie's eyebrows raised and she asked, "So you two already hooked up, huh? Wow. Good for both of you, though." With a twinkle in her eye, Cass couldn't help asking, "So, is Leila a bunny in the sack?" causing them both to burst out in laughter.
With a little prodding Cassie was able to persuade Madelyn to launch into an account of her adventure in the gym shower the day before. Maddie seemed to get somewhat lost in reliving the moment; she had her eyes closed and her hands started gently rubbing her breasts and crotch. Cassie was a little surprised at the behavior but was feeling turned on, too, so she took it as tacit permission to play with herself while Maddie finished the tale. When Madelyn finally got to the end of the shower episode she looked over and appeared shocked to see that Cassie had leaned back again, with one hand fondling a breast and the other plunging a finger in and out of her pussy. Seeing her roommate's stunned look Cassie panted, "When in Rome..." Maddie then realized, to her apparent surprise, that she had been exploring her own body, albeit over her clothes.
"Is there a part two?" Cassie inquired breathlessly. "If there is, feel free to strip down and act parts of it out," she said lustily.
As if in a trance, Madelyn stood up and began to disrobe. Cassie started breathing harder and added a finger to her pussy, surprised but pleased that Maddie was joining her. Once naked, Madelyn closed her eyes and began aggressively frigging herself and pinching her nipples as she gasped out a synopsis of the sexiest parts of her encounter that morning. Cassie had been enjoying a string of small orgasms, almost like appetizers, when she noticed Madelyn beginning to tense up.
"Then I got her to climb on top of me so we could go down on each other," Madelyn was panting. "She was literally dripping wet, and so sensitive that every time I licked her sweet cunny she'd flinch, and set that great glorious ass of hers rippling like a wave pool. My fingers were soaked in her juices and I reached up and grabbed her tail and started stroking it like a cock and she started cumming and she squirted a little, right in my mouth!"
The word 'mouth' ending up being very drawn out as Madelyn herself started cumming as she said it. Cassie had never seen a girl squirt before, and Maddie's first few jets were strong enough to reach the other end of the couch and splatter her, mostly landing on her legs, belly, and pussy. Awestruck, she looked up to see Madelyn gazing at her through half-lidded eyes. Overcome by lust, Cass started pushing her roommate's juices into her own pussy and soon reached a glorious climax as well.
Both girls sat naked on the couch, breathing heavily and lazily stroking themselves. Cassie finally got up and said, "Well, that about wiped me out. I'm turning in for the night." Stretching again, she said, "You should invite Leila over to hang out soon so I can meet her."
Half asleep herself, Madelyn asked, "Are you gonna be naked when she comes over?"
"Absolutely," affirmed Cass, "But I promise not to try to steal her from you!" she added with a wink. Just before she closed the door to her room, Cassandra had one parting comment, "Of course, if you two are opening to sharing...."
Affected Targets:Madelyn Berman(Mind Control Fetish, Sexual Reorientation- Lesbian);Allison Berman(Sex Worker, Sex Trader);Jenny Berman(Petplay Fetish 2: Kitten);Leila Behzadi(Bunny Girl);Cassandra Ryan (Nudity Fetish)