I left Saturday afternoon, after enjoying a pleasant brunch at Jen's and letting Jen make a copy of my lips, which was weird. I rode home and worked out then cleaned up. I then went about my normal weekend, a little playing some games, some time spent with friends, and relaxing. No one saw a difference in me. I did not show it on the outside. My mind was reeling with what I had done. What that other part of me had done. I had to think about it while I was destroying dark elves and wielding my level seven axe on a pack of wolves. I was not sure who I was anymore. Once I could begin, just wiggle my mind, around that thought, I began to try and live with myself. I tried all weekend to explain myself to me. I even came up with split personality and went in search with what the symptoms are on the web and did not find anything that matched up with what I had done.
I had turned Jennifer into a slave, in essence. Make her do what I want when I want. Fuck her silly and make her want it in all of her orifices. Have her beg for more and crawl through glass, okay I made that part up. I am not a bad person. I don't think I am. I don't have dark thoughts. I am not unworthy of love. My mom loves me. I think she does.
I will not slap a woman around, I watched that from someone in my family and swore I would not let that happen to my mom or anyone I was with intimate with. I could not begin to think of what dark world I had entered. I just knew that I was in it, but I made a promise to myself, I would never, NEVER, hurt Jennifer. I couldn't. I began getting sick thinking about that happening and me being the cause.
Coming to grips with myself on Monday morning back at work, where normal resided, I began realizing that I was looking forward to eight when Jen would show up, as she had for the last week, stopped at my cubicle after getting to work, just to say good morning. When she did not show, I fidgeted. I worried. I didn't go to her cubicle; I swear I was getting a water from the machine. But she was not there either. That sent me down more rabbit holes of worry. Maybe I had hurt her somehow on Friday night. Maybe she had been in a car accident. I didn't want to text her, but come ten, I did that. Weak, call it what it is. I was worried for her. She texted back 'just leaving the doctor. Got the stitches out. Love you, Master. I'll show you when I get there.'
Huh? I can understand her wanting to show me something sexy when we were alone, but at work. She knew it would cost her job. Didn't she? So, I fidgeted some more. I kept working but not accomplishing much. Suddenly, I felt a tap on my shoulder, and I turned, and the goddess was in my cubicle. I mean drop dead gorgeous goddess. I don't know where she found this dress, but it had to come off of Tiffany's or some upper crust shop. Satin and silk. Lace bodice that accentuated her bosom, as if she needed it accented. My jaw as hanging on the floor, like that comic in the movie. My eyes were bugging out. "You like, David?" My name asked in an alluring manner that made me know that it was an alias.
"Um, uh, Jennifer, umm, yes, uh, so, where did you get that?"
"Oh, this old thing?" as she does a twirl which caused the skirt to raise slightly exposing more of her long-toned legs, but not too high that she flashed me.
"Yes, um, uh yeah, your dress?"
"Well David, you see, my mom and I went online Saturday and she saw it and had it expedited here. I just wanted to make sure you were okay with it. You are okay with it, David?" again with the name.
I finally came to grips, and from nowhere, I knew what I wanted to say. Standing and gripping her elbow to pull her closer, I said in a soft voice, "Slut, I like it, but you are showing off what I own. Did I give you the okay to do this?"
Fear washed across her face as she realized she had overstepped. "Sir, I am sorry. I wanted to impress you with this. I should have asked first. I apologize. Please let your slut make it up to you some way."
"I want you to go buy something tonight. You will start practicing with it tonight and every day. I will send you instructions through your home email. I will punish you this weekend. Right now, we need to get back to work. I am happy to see you Jen, but you are showing off too much without permission. I understand your desire, but next time, ask. Who knows I may have said OK?"
I sat back down and returned to my work. Jen smiled and went to her cubicle. She was kind of getting into this. It was like throwing gasoline on a fire I thought. What had I done?
Later I sent the list to Jennifer's home email and some instructions. I got a text back saying, 'Yes Master, I will get them and begin practicing tonight.' Smiley face.
I smiled and finished up for the day. I rode home and had my normal Monday night hookup online. During it I received a picture from Jen, her with her new anal plug inserted, naked and smiling back at the camera. Oh, I was going to hell.
As the week went by, I would text Jen something, asking normal stuff about how she was doing and I would get normal replies and now and then a picture of her, either practicing with her new dildo learning deepthroat techniques, or her inserting, may have been pulling out, her next size larger plug. Hell, here I come.
We set up a meeting for Saturday morning to go riding, this time normal easy stuff, on a bike route that kind of went from our town to the next, along the highway there and in some light woods. Nothing difficult, just a good easy ride. Her wrist had recovered, and she figured she could handle the bike. She had gotten it fixed; I had found the front spokes were slightly tweaked. The local bike shop I knew took care of it easily and cheaply. I was a regular and they wanted repeat customers.
Leaving her place, which was just a few blocks from the route we were riding on, we began the gentle ride. We were able to talk freely and had quite the good time. We stopped in the next town over and shopped in their old town. It was rather quaint and had several shops that Jen and I liked. I had brought my bike packs again, emptier this time because of not needing all the emergency supplies, so anything we bought could easily slip in them. On the ride back, Jen wanted to race a little, but I pointed out the signs warning of ten mph limits on bikes, the locals did not want us running over little kids and such walking with their parents. She began to pout, until I rode up beside and calm sotto voice asked, "do you need punished, Jen". I could see her eyes flare with desire, and I knew if I felt her crotch, it would be wet, not from just sweat. I also noticed something odd about her backside. I had looked long and hard at that ass for days, in these same bike shorts once, so I knew when something was different. Using the same sotto voice, I asked, "are you wearing a plug?"
"Yes Master" she answered low back to me.
"Oh, you're a naughty slut" is all I could get out. Jen glowed and smiled at me and sashayed that ass some more my way.
We got back to her place, and we got our bikes up to her apartment.
"Master, I am going to go take a shower, would you like to join me?" What do you say to that? I know what I did when my goddess asked it.
"Be right there."
We undressed each other slowly this time in her bedroom before walking naked into the bathroom and starting the shower. Once it was warm, we stepped in. The whole time we were in a lip lock, shuffling with the cloths around our ankles, reaching for the water faucets blind, you get the idea.
Once in the shower spray, we began rubbing each other everywhere and continuing to kiss. Jen then squatted and pulled my cock into her mouth and began showing me how much she had practiced this week. This woman was beginning to try and find a degree in deep throat ology. She pushed it in her mouth and was soon hitting her throat, whereupon she showed she could get most of it into her throat. She couldn't get the last inch plus, but no other women prior could get past the first three inches because of the size. Seeing it was hard, she climbed back up and I grabbed her, pulling her into another tongue battle kiss. Somewhere in there, besides the moans I had made, I said "good job throating it slut, you are learning."
She then glued her body to mine, and I turned and pushed her to the side of the shower, and gripped her legs, raising them so she was at the right height for me to begin slamming my steel hard cock into her with her legs wrapped around my butt and showed off her new lip pattern of hair above her cunt which she had shaved into it, matching the pattern she had made from my lips, kind of cute I thought. I then proceeded to fuck her, pushing my cock deep and hard, fast and slow, varying its angle slightly.
She kept mumbling out, "Fuck me Master, own that cunt. Show it who is its master. Fuck, Master I am your slut, own me, fuck me, I need you to fuck your slut."
I was pounding her so most of that was gasped out in between moans and other expletives. I leaned into her ear and said, "I do own you, don't I slut. I own this cunt. I own this mouth I am kissing; I own these tits that I am sucking on, I own you almost completely. I'll own this ass you are opening up for me soon, won't I slut?" as I moved my hands which were holding her up to gently tap her plug.
Screaming Jen replied, "Yes Master, you own it. Please take it. I want you to have it, fuck my slut virgin ass Master."
Kissing her I whispered to her, "Soon, my slut. Soon, you will totally be mine. You will have patience."
"Master, thank you" she panted, and then her eyes flew open, "May your slut cum Master, she is begging?"
"Begging, really, is that what you call it?"
"Oh Master, I am so in need of this, I need to cum Master. I'll let you move this to the front window and fuck me with it wide open so everyone can hear what a slut I am for you. Please Master. Let me CUM."
"Tempting, but I don't know."
Panting, almost hyper ventilating, Jen was going into overdrive to keep her orgasm from happening. "Anything, Master. Say it. You own me. Have me do it, but please let your poor dumb whore of a slut cum. I beg you, Master. I need to CUM. Please Master."
I in the meantime had increased my pace, really slamming her into the wall. Jen was reciprocating, moving her pelvis to match my slams. The water cascading off us was causing loud slaps to reverberate in the bathroom. She was also secreting her nectar like a leaky faucet, it was pouring out, I knew she could not last much longer. "Naked at home, from here on out, unless you have to answer the door, or you have a guest besides me. It is up to me to change the answering the door naked. Agreed?"
"YES MASTER" she screamed.
I slammed into her one more time and held her, then quietly said "cum my slut, cum on your master's cock."
And orgasm she did. Jennifer does not squirt or scream or stuff like that, she convulsed, and her nectar poured out of her cunt. She was slapping her back against the wall so hard, I was sure she was going to break one of the tiles. I was also cumming deep in her cunt. Meanwhile her eyes rolled back, and she began collapsing in my arms, all I heard was a long moan shooting out of her mouth. She had passed out.
I lowered her into the bottom of the shower and let the water cascade off her while I leaned back against the shower doors. Once I got my breath, I checked Jen and she was still out, limp, laying in the water as it ran off the top of her head.
I was worried about her breathing, so I moved her to the back of the shower, so her head was not having water runoff it into her mouth. I turned and began lathering up to complete my shower. Once I had finished the soap cleaning and was into the washing my hair, I heard another moan as Jen began to move slightly. She was still occasionally orgasming, I watched her twitch, and her cunt would convulse now and then, ooze out some more nectar. When I had finished with my hair and was ready to get out, Jen was looking around, trying to focus on where she was and what was happening. I leaned down and said, "welcome back honey. You really had a whopper. You okay?"
Talking very softly while trying to regain her normal breathing, "Yes Master. Oh, thank you Master. Your slut was truly fucked."
"My pleasure Jen. Are you ready to finish cleaning up, or do you need a while? I can help hold you up while you finish if you want."
"Yes Master, that would be best. I don't know if I can stand very well."
With that I grabbed her shoulders and helped her to stand. I held her, either holding a shoulder or her abdomen while she lathered up and then washed her hair. Once complete, having to hurry on her hair since the water was turning cold, we stepped out, again, I made sure she could step out and stand. I helped to dry her and then got dried. Leading her to her bedroom, she got dressed. I had brought along in my bike bags a change of clothes, so I changed into them.
We then slowly walked out to her living room. Once there I helped her to sit. She still had a glazed look on her face. About a half hour or more after she had passed out in the shower, she focused on me. I had gone and gotten some energy bars I had brought and some more water for her and I. I knew anything I said right then she would not be able to process.
"Master, you said I needed to be naked. But I am clothed. I should be naked Master."
"Jen, do you really want to do that?"
"Yes Master. You asked it of me. I must do it." With that she began to stand and remove her pants and then her blouse. She laid them beside her and then removed her underwear and bra. She then carried them into her bedroom to place them back where they belonged. Returning, she sat back down and looked at me, "is this better, Master?"
"Yes Jen, that is fine. How do you feel?"
Thinking for a minute, Jen reviewed herself, meaning she looked inwardly and really processed what this meant for her to be naked at home from now on. "I am free Master. I am doing what you want. I'm so excited to be doing this. I am tingly in the cunt you own. Master, I can't describe it better. Oh, Master, I have always wanted to do this. Be told what to do. Be owned. I know it now. Thank you Master for leading me here. I can't say how much I love this feeling and love you for showing it to me. I really do love you, Master. I can't see my life anyway else but with you. Please tell me to do something else. I want to serve you Master like this. Let me show myself off to you, see how the cunt you own just drips with desire as I do what you want me to do."
With that Jen leaped to her feet, ready to do anything I asked. I smiled at her and said, "okay, let me see something about your exhibitionist side. Please go open your front drapes and look out to find your car. Stand there and point it out to me. Then I want you to leave the curtains open and begin cleaning the apartment, you can wear slippers or something to help with the hard floor. You will also open your drapes and your blind in your bedroom while you are cleaning. Understand?"
Nodding her head, Jen turned and went to the drapes in the living room that looked out over her second story apartment down to the parking area in front of her complex. She then pointed and said, "there's my car Master, next to those folks walking in. I know them, they live a couple of doors down. Do you want me to wave to them or open the window and call to them Master?"
"Not today, Jen, maybe later."
She smiled at me as if she won that match and turned and found her cleaning supplies in the closet and began sweeping the floor and dusting the furniture and pictures she had. I sat back and watched my transformed goddess as she smiled and went about her work, naked. I also pondered how she was willing to be exposed more, calling out to her friends while showing she was naked. As she worked, her D cup breasts would sway frequently, causing them to lightly slap together. This also caused the nipples to engorge and become hard. And she was right, her cunt was almost dripping as she worked. I had pulled out a book and was reading when she walked into her bedroom to clean in there. I heard her open her drapes there as well.
"Master, it is lovely out, may I open the windows in my bedroom, I think the breeze would feel good."
"That is fine Jen" I said absently. She turned and did just that. Then I heard her get out some more supplies and I turned to see her carrying into her bedroom some window cleaning material. She was going to clean the hand and breast imprints that she left last week off the windows. Her apartment had the kind of windows that you could unlatch and pull inward to get at both sides of them. I got up and looked in and she had the windows out cleaning both sides. Cars were going past on the street below, with a clear view of her working. I could hear horns occasionally and knew she was being seen. Jen did not stop or show anything else major, but I knew this excited her, her upper thighs glistened with her nectar as it dripped out of her box.
She finished up, slowly wiping the inner windows to make sure they were crystal clear. "Jen, I think the front windows also need cleaned."
"Yes Master, I'll get right on them."
As she walked past me, she ran her hand across my shoulder and moaned. I knew she was loving showing herself to the world. Even if it was only in her apartment. People would still be able to see her like this if they wanted to. Jen took her time and wiped the glass clear, making sure she showed her ass to me as she worked. Her plug was clearly being shown. That gave me an idea.
"Slut, I need you to go to your bathroom, when you are done with those windows. I want you to remove the plug you have in you. You will clean it and return and place on that windowsill. Then you will return to your cleaning."
Jen was visibly shaking when she turned to me, her cunt was dripping, I saw nectar running down her legs. Her voice shook when she answered, "Yes Master, let me finish up here quickly."
She then turned and finished the front windows. She knew what I was asking of her would further expose her as a slut. The anal plug she had in was large enough that there was no hiding what it was to anyone that looked at her window as they were coming in from their vehicles. And the longer she was told to leave it there, she knew she was going to orgasm, just by her master saying cum. She would not have to be playing with herself or having Master fucking her brains out. The desire was there. I saw these thoughts go across Jen's face as she turned and stumbled to the bathroom. Her legs were still shaking. Her need to cum again was plain.
I planned to take care of that but wanted her to continue with her journey for now. A few minutes later that I heard Jen expelling gas, the normal thing after having the plug in there for a while. She shortly arrived back in front of me. Her legs were cleaned but I still saw dew on her lips. She was holding the plug out to me. I said, "place it dead center on the upper sill. Then continue your work. I'll keep an eye on it for you." She did as I asked and then went back to cleaning the floors. I eventually stood up and walked over to the window. I saw some folks walking by and waved to them. They waved back. The plug was in clear view next to me. Jen turned and saw what I was doing, and I heard a moan from across the room. I walked back to sit down. I then resumed reading. After a while I stood again and repeated the move to the window and wave. I heard another moan from Jen, and I looked, and she was hunched up, like she was trying to keep from taking a dump or something. I knew she was trying her darndest to keep from cumming.
I got up again and walked over to the window again, and I then motioned for Jen to join me. She walked over to me the best she could. I motioned for her to stand in front of the plug, next to me. I then said, "Jen, I am going to ask you something. Do you want to continue this? Or is this too much? I will accept either answer from you."
"Master, I will do what you say. I want this. Please tell me what you want Master. Please."
"Reach out and put the plug into your mouth. Then put your hands on the sill, I don't want you to mess up your cleaning job on the windows." Jen assumed that position and then I said, "spread your legs slightly."
I stood behind her and ran my hands along her back and gently cupped her mound, moving a finger along her slit and touching her clit. She moaned as I did this. I then moved my hand and pushed two fingers into her gaping ass that the plug had opened up nicely, she moaned and went up on her toes shuddering. She began gasping around the plug in her mouth. I leaned in and asked, "do you want to cum slut". She nodded her head vigorously. I then reached around her and grabbed both of her nipples, tweaking them and leaned in again. I said in her ear as she moaned from me playing with her nipples, "are you a true slut. Can you cum from me just telling you to slut?" She gasped and nodded again, turning her head to look at me. I leaned in and kissed her cheek and whispered, "cum slut for your master". And she convulsed at the window. Cum almost shot out of her pussy as she shook at the window. Cum ran down her legs and onto the floor forming a puddle at her feet. She was gasping in the window, shaking from her orgasm. I saw her fingers gripping the window seal digging into it as she tried to gain control. I moved my fingers from her nipples back to in her ass and moved them around a little, causing them to fuck her ass. I continued this motion as her nectar kept pouring out of her, running down her legs.
Several moments later, Jen turned to find me, finally recovering from her orgasm. I saw she had made a mess between her legs; a small puddle also had formed below her. I motioned to it and said, "looks like you have a water leak, you may want to clean that up before something happens to your wood floor."
Looking down, she saw the puddle she had created and moaned again. She then looked out and saw a few people were looking at her, looking at the show she had just given them. Another minor convulsion ripped through her, and the puddle increased in size. I think she would have stayed there until I told her to move. She was loving this too much. "Please clean that up now Jen. You can give another show another day. Please give me the plug once you have cleaned it.
"Yes Master" after she pulled out the plug and as she moaned and turned away. I went and cleaned my hand and then sat down. After cleaning the plug, she set it down by me. She then went and found some paper towels and began cleaning up her mess. She then crawled over to me and began kissing my cock through my pants. "Thank you, Master. Your slut needed that. Please let me do it again. It was so hot. I have never cum like that before. I loved it, so much." She had begun lowering my zipper so she could get my cock out and begin licking it. "Master may I" as she then began sucking the head.
I smiled down at her and nodded to her. She then began trying to deep throat me before pulling back and licking. She kept doing this, back and forth. My cock was beginning to react very positively to it. I then reached over and pulled the plug down and dropped it in her lap. She began really going to town then. Her hands would reach down and touch the plug and she would slam her head down my cock, trying to bury it. She finally got it completely down her throat and was then staring at me, before pulling back again with a smile on her lips before trying it again.
"Get it in there and I'll tell you when to pull back, not until then."
She then pushed until it was buried and looked into my eyes. I blinked a few times trying to hold my cum from happening. I then looked at my watch and back at Jen. After a few seconds went by her eyes began to water, and I saw saliva drooling out the side of her mouth. I then looked at my watch again and some more seconds had passed. I nodded my head, and she pulled back before leaning back and gulping for air.
I then reached down and began jerking my cock, aiming at her face. She raised her chin and opened her mouth. I came shortly after that and only a few spurts came out, but one was across her brow and into her hair, the next hit her upper lip and in her mouth, the last one was a direct shot into her mouth. I then moved forward and shoved it there, and she began sucking the last few spurts down and then licking the head. I pulled out my camera and took a picture of her face covered in my cum and sucking on my cock. She looked right at me and asked, "Please Master, send me that picture. I want to keep it. To show how much I love what you do to me."
I winked at her and opened my texting app and sent her the picture. She made sure my cock was clean and then put it back in my pants. She then used her fingers to push my cum across her face into her mouth or scoop it up from where it had landed. She was staring at me the whole time, smiling as she did this. "Master, I love what you do to me."
A few hours later we decided to call for takeout. I looked at Jen and asked, "do you want to go with me, like that?"
She began shaking again and could only nod her head. It was becoming dark so getting her to the car would not be too hard, even though the complex parking lot was lit. "Put on a coat, not too long. You will not button, tie or fasten it closed, understand?"
"Yes Master" she stuttered out. I could see she was revving up again.
We grabbed her a light coat, it was long enough to mostly cover her ass, but once she was in the car, she would be sitting bare ass. I saw it zipped up the front. I reached over and grabbed the zippers and stood in front of her. "You don't have to do this. I will understand. Do you want this?" All she could do was nod her head repeatedly. She was panting again, yep revved up.
I turned and we walked to her SUV in the parking lot. She walked next to me holding my arm. If anyone saw her from behind, it would probably look like she was wearing a bathing suit or something. From the front, totally different picture. Once we were in the car, she let out a sigh, but you could tell she was still on fire. She kept looking around and back the way we had come. We then drove to the takeout place; it had a pickup window, so it was like a drive thru in that respect. Just before we got to the window, I turned to Jen, "open your coat and pull it back far enough to expose your breasts, almost. I want them to make assumptions, not get a peep show."
"Yes Master" as Jen rearranged her coat to meet my request. I watched and nodded my head.
We then drove up and I paid for the food and handed it to Jen, which caused her to have her right breast to pop out. The person at the window did not notice, and I reached over and took Jen's hand, keeping her from rearranging her coat back. She was visibly shaking now. I thanked the server at the window and began driving off. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw them form a frown on their face and lean out the window as if they wanted to make sure that they had saw was what they thought they had seen.
I chuckled and drove home. Jen kept cycling between staring at me and out the front window. Her boob was on full display as we drove through town. But I figured the side windows were tinted enough so that at night, you can't see anything in them unless you walked right up to them and shined a light. And we were moving too fast for the oncoming cars to see the occupants too well because of our headlights.
We reached back to her apartment, and I turned to her. She was still shaking with excitement. She looked at me and moaned. "Master, tell me what to do." She moaned out.
"I want you to carry the takeout up to your apartment just like you are. I will follow along after and let myself in. You will greet anyone you run into but will keep walking. You will not reposition your coat to hide your breast, and if the other one pops out, the same with it. Do you understand?"
All she could do was nod her head; she was shaking so much. "Run along then."
She took the keys I offered and began to get out of the car. There was no one in the parking lot at that moment, but I did see a set of headlights beginning to turn in. She walked quickly towards the steps that would lead up to her apartment as the car pulled in and the headlights swept across her. She reached the steps and began scampering up them, you could clearly see her bare ass from where I was sitting in her car. And I think when the other parking car stopped, their headlights highlighted this.
I began to get out of her car and lock it. As I did, I heard a couple get out of the parking car, a guy and gal, "I am telling you, she was naked Sam. I could see her ass for gosh sakes."
"Your drunk, and I should know. I could barely drive to get here. It was a good thing the cops didn't pull us over. Come on and let's get inside."
I smiled and followed them up the stairs. They went on up to the third floor, as I entered the second and found Jen's door. She had not completely shut it and was kneeling on the floor just inside. She had placed the food on the table and ran back. Her coat was absent, and she was dripping on the floor again.
"Master, this worthless cunt needs to cum again, please let her cum." She panted out.
I shut the door and looked at her as I took my camera out. "Jen, I am going to record this and send it to you. I want video proof that you can cum on demand. Do you want that?"
She began shaking all over, "OH God, Yes Master. Video me cumming for you on demand. I want a copy so I can see what a true slut I am for you Master, please."
I got the phone set up and aimed it at her. "Who are you?"
"I am your slut, Master. I am going to be your three-hole slut. I have deepthroated your cock and had you give me a facial, I have also swallowed your fantastically tasting cum like a true cum slut. I have cum repeatedly on your cock when it was buried in my slut cunt. I came so hard I passed out from it. I am going to give you, my master, my virgin ass when you ask for it. I want to have you open up my slut ass and make me beg for you to cum deep in my ass. I will then clean that dirty ass juice covered cock that has owned my ass with my mouth, licking it completely clean, before begging you Master to do it all over again. I am your slut. I am you cum dump. I want you to fuck me anywhere anyway you want. I have just gone naked somewhere with my master and I am quivering with the need to cum from it. You make me so hot Master. Please let your slutty cum dump, your worthless whore, cum by saying I can. I have not touched myself. All I did was follow your orders and I want, need to cum for you. I love you so much; you make me so hot. I need this Master, let your slut cum, please."
I let her stew for a second and then asked, "should I reopen the door so others can see you cum on demand? I just heard the people from the car that followed us in talking about what a bare ass slut you are. Should I call them back down here and let them watch you cum?"
Jen was visibly shaking, panting, trying to keep it together. Her breasts were bouncing up and down so much I was worried they were going to begin slapping her face. I did not reach for the door or call the folks I overheard. I just said, "Cum slut."
Jen convulsed so hard, she shot up on her knees and then slammed down on her ass, before falling over and almost hitting her head. Her cunt gushed and gushed out nectar. I just stood there filming this with my phone. She shook, rattled and rolled as they say. Her convulsions were causing her hips to bounce on the floor and her cunt wouldn't stop pouring out nectar. After a few minutes she had calmed down enough, she didn't pass out this time, she was able to lean up and say, "thank you Master. I love you." Before falling back over and pulling large breaths of air in. I closed the video app and walked over to her. I then helped her up and into a dining room chair. I then went and closed all of her drapes and we sat and ate our takeout. She was still shaking handling the utensils but recovering slowly. By the end of the meal, during which we shared some talk about the video and what her reaction to today was.
"Master, if today is the first day, really, of my new life with you and this. I don't know how I am going to make it through a month. But I know one thing. I love you, Master. You know me so well and help me to show myself what I can do, what I am capable of. What I can be driven to do. I want that, I need you to keep pushing me, Master. I will do it all, anything you ask. Push me, Master."
"Jen, I'll keep pushing when I see you need it. Or when I feel you need rewarded for something. Tonight, in the entry way was me rewarding you. You did such a good job going with me to the takeout, you needed to be rewarded. Is that acceptable?"
"Oh yes, Master, thank you, thank you. I'll do anything for you. I can't thank you enough for helping me that day at work, you introduced me to myself starting that day. I became yours that day. I want to stay yours, Master. Please keep me forever."
That hit me hard. I don't think I had ever said I love you to Jen yet. She had said it several times to me, but I had not reciprocated. Now she wanted a lifetime commitment. I thought fast but knew I needed to say what I felt. Where I was in my life.
"Jen, you are not my slut right now, while I am talking to you now. You are Jennifer Warren, and you will be the true you, the work you if you will. Understand?"
"Yes Master, you want me to be Jennifer, what I was weeks ago."
"No, not quite. I want you to remember and think about everything that has happened in the last few weeks. That is part of you now as well. But also, I am David, not Master now. Okay?"
"Yes David, I understand better. What do you want to say?"
"Okay, Jennifer. You have said I love you to me several times now. I don't think I have said it to you. And I don't want to say it to you as the slut. That is only part of you. If I said that only when you were a slut, what message would I be giving you? I want you to be thinking like you do at work. Like you do when you are talking to your mom or siblings or friends of yours. That Jennifer is the person I love. That is the person I really want to get to know. I didn't want to create a separate person, the slut, but it appears I am.
"When you are in your slut persona, if you will, you change. You open up doors that you have nailed shut and I am glad to help you pry them open. But I also worry that you, Jennifer is maybe becoming lost with the two personas. And I am afraid of how far I will go when you are in the slut persona. I lust after that persona, but I am not sure I love that person. I know I want to get to know her better, use her like you ask, but love, I don't know.
"So, I am rethinking what I want and what we, a couple, should be doing with ourselves when we are a couple, alone together. Can we just be a couple, watch movies, play games, go for bike rides, have friends over for a party, or go to a party as a couple? I think we need to explore that side and get to know us as that couple. Then we will know about love better. Can we do that for a while Jen? Just be a couple?"
Tears were pouring down Jen's face as she started nodding at the end of statement. She then got up and came into my arms and sat on my lap and hugged me and cried for a while longer. Once she had the tears somewhat under control, her and I began kissing and pulling and wreathing on each other. Then Jen pulled back and said, "I want to make love to David, can we go do that please, David and Jennifer in the bed, making love?"
I pulled her off my lap and we then walked to her bedroom and made passionate love. There was no fucking, no Master Slut, no videos or pictures. There was nothing but love, and we confessed it to each other multiple times.
Sunday morning saw us lying in bed recovering from the passionate night, and just talking like a couple.
"David, I want you to meet my mom. I have told her a little about you, but I want her to get to know who I have fallen in love with. That man that has rocked and changed my world. It does not have to be next weekend, but soon. Will you do that?"
"Yep, put it on the calendar, and I am there. Any woman that can raise this goddess next to me deserves my attention." When I said goddess, I could tell Jennifer had blushed from head to toe, I had not seen her blush before, but she did then and if anything, it made her look even more desirable.
I told her I had to head home because I wanted to meet up online with some friends to play a game, and to do my normal housework, laundry and such. After several more minutes of kissing and slowly going through the dressing and getting out of her house and on my bike, I was finally able to look at the wonderful world I lived in and think about an absolutely beautiful goddess that I loved, and she loved me back.
I also thought about what Jen had said at the door where she stood with just a wrap on, "David, I love you so much, but the slut wants something from you. Master, you still need to claim one of my slut holes. I need that from you. Master needs to completely own me, that means my slut ass needs to be fucked into submission. Please make it yours soon."
She then shut the door and I stood there staring at the door, so wanting to go back in and do just that.