Between classes Ryan Quinones walked with Monica. Eyes followed them but nobody shared any nasty glares. Some of the boys who lusted over her had the same idea as Ryan about heading to the restroom to relieve their tortured pecker erection.
Amused by her effect on them Monica nudged Ryan, "Better go get off. Bells going to ring."
He chuckles, "I might skip Algebra."
"I hate my next class. Nothing but girls and funny boys working on the yearbook. Journalism bites."
"So let's skip together and go fuck in my car."
She rolls her eyes, "See. Now you want me all the time. Calm down and just take what I give. This is all about me. What I do to guys is just feeding my ego. I need space Ryan. We can't let anybody think we're anything other than friends. I want to be viewed as a free spirit. Okay?"
He nods trying to look understanding. His heart sank slightly.
Toby from earlier stepped from the bathroom and noticed Monica immediately. His just released hard on stormed back to full erection at her sight. Gripping his crotch to adjust made her snicker.
"I'm not sorry." She sticks her tongue out at Toby.
"I'll live." He hisses, "What made you do that? You've never been that wild. Not complaining."
"Hidden away until the time felt right. Just don't assume I'm looking for sex. It's only for the eyes. For now." She giggles with fluttering eyelids.
"Awesome. Secret's safe. Hope you do more of that. You looked close to climaxing. You have to be hurting."
"Oh, I'm horny as heck. But, I can wait until after school."
Toby offers an uncertain expression, "Why? Finish what you started."
Her hesitance became evident until Ryan whispered into her ear.
"I dare you to get off in the men's bathroom."
She freezes in thought. Teachers could enter. Boys less likely to keep quiet. Underage a strong possibility. She would need to enforce that rule should she go forward. Still most would be in class. Only Ryan and Toby might skip out to watch.
"Anybody else in there?" She bites her nail.
Toby recalls, "Maybe five guys. Three from Morrison's class. I'll talk to the other two."
"Only seven total? Darn it." She giggles then hisses through gnashed teeth, "Guys? Listen. I know this is something you might not worry about, but I need you all to only invite students that are 18. I realize any one of them could lie about that but humor me. I need to play it safe."
Toby looks over at Ryan to read thoughts. Both of them turn in step to see who was around them. Toby notes three more from class that he knew for a fact were 18 and hurries to fill them in on the scheme. They in turn chose two other boys each to join the huddle. Fourteen interested students now.
Ryan spotted Shane down the hall and expelled a shrill whistle to get his attention. In seconds it became fifteen.
Monica merely stood there with a glint of fear. Excitement but inner stress.
Toby heads into the restroom and informs those inside.
Only one young man was escorted out for being 16. He had no clue as to why he was rushed out. He was then replaced by another who was 18.
"Sure about this?" Ryan squints.
"Watch the door. Don't let anyone else inside."
"Where's the risk in that? I dare you to leave the door unattended."
Fanning her cheek she sneers at his logic.
While they were aggressive in her age request, leaving the door unattended allowed the possibility of others not of age to enter. Finally, Ryan rolls his eyes.
"I'll keep my eye on whoever enters. I got your back."
She fidgets a moment to believe in him, "Let's do this."
She twists in step and bolts through the bathroom door. Her followers casually enter behind her. Only Ryan lays back long enough to pull aside another friend whispering to him the situation. He trusted "Eddie".
Time ran out as the bell to begin the next class rang. Eddie dashed about on his mission.
Ryan entered the restroom to find Monica already topless. Toby held her shirt while she loosened her jeans. Discarding her tennis shoes she slithers out of her pants and stands only in her thin white bobby socks that were ankle high.
The crowd voiced their approval in whispers. Everyone there commented on her sexy body. Swirling in step she was now able to let them see all of her. Her perfect ass was hidden earlier. She looked over her shoulder and patted her ass cheeks. Taking the time to bend over and pry her cheeks apart for a sample view of her clam shaped pussy and adorable anal cavity.
Rearing erect she bounces mid turn to let her monster tits jiggle until her hands crush them together. Lifting her left breast she swirls her tongue around her areola. All the while eying the audience. They were all mesmerized and touching themselves.
Ryan made his way around her and steps close enough to add fuel to her fire.
"I dare you to let everyone touch you while you masturbate."
She huffs blowing at her long brown hair and moves closer to her congregation. Surrounded she rubs up against Toby her ass over his crotch. She then takes his hands and brings them up to squeeze her tits.
Feeling his warm exhale on her neck made her close her eyelids and enjoy his kneading fingers on her tits. After a moment to give him his chance she peels away and glides across from him into a boy named, "Carson". She hugged him, pressing her chest into his. His palms trailed her spine until he could rub and squeeze her ass.
Breaking away with an erotic wink she moved on from boy to boy until all of them had a caress of her at the very least.
Reaching Ryan's friend "Shane" he took the initiative to lean in and kiss her left nipple. The reaction made her squeal. Patting his cheek she points her index finger at him to behave.
Ryan literally punches Shane in the bicep to get him to stop.
Easing away Monica goes to the sink which was a counter with three water basins. She eases up to sit on the counter itself. It was uncomfortable to say the least. Planting her feet on the ledge she fans her knees wide to expose her vibrant pussy.
Fingers tease her clit and pry her labia wide to let them see her tunnel of lust in all of its pink beauty. Eying each of them with glistening eyes that reveal her inner thoughts she begins fingering herself. Her gaze never left theirs.
The deeper her fingers entered her the messier she got. Moans escalated. Shrill whimpers left her lips as they trembled.
Ryan stepped into her space and gently brushed her black strands of hair from her eyes. He then caresses his knuckle along her cheek. She drifted attention toward his tenderness while her fingers continued in and out of her pussy succulently.
"Look at them." Ryan encourages her, "You want them to want you. Don't you?"
With a fevered nod she doesn't even think about her answer, "Yes."
"You want to drive them crazy horny. Don't you?"
Whimpering her answer she feels her orgasm brewing, "Yes."
As her brain loses all reality the bathroom door eases open. Silently friend Eddie leads "Holden" and four others inside. All blended in to watch. This meant twenty sets of yearning eyes.
Ryan's caress leads to her trembling lips. His thumb gently pressing at her bottom lip. Without any thought Monica began sucking on his thumb. He hadn't anticipated that. Still he watched her.
"You want them to imagine your lips around their cocks. Don't you?"
Nodding with tearing up eyes she concurs.
She was close to climax.
Ryan looks toward the tormented gathering. They wanted it all. He could tell.
"You want them to show you how badly they want you. Don't you?"
His thumb leaves her mouth as her expression misses it.
"Yes." She quakes.
Toby leads the charge. He unzips his pants and pulls his seven inches free and begins jerking off. Four others followed. As her face turned beet red at her eager hormones three more cocks found freedom.
Toby eases toward her slowly and stands next to her left foot. He braves rubbing his crown on her toes. She allowed it. Not from wanting it. Because she had no control over her mind at the moment.
Ryan nuzzles amid her hair and kisses her earlobe.
He then whispers softly, "I dare you to let them all cum on you."
His words heard barely she cries out and squirts on the floor below. Her body convulsing to dispel every bit held in reserve. Admiring her exhaustion Ryan carefully picks her tiny 110 pound body up and carries her to the center of the floor. Easing her down on the cold tile she laid there.
Toby stood over her. All of the twenty did. Of the twenty, twelve jerked off over her and shot mighty loads across her flesh. She knew it was happening. As strength grew she sat up and awaited more. Her palms slid across her flesh glossing herself in the white leftovers.
Seeing the boldness of the others brought three more dicks out to play. One of them dared to prime his cock over her face. She gazed up at him with doe like eyes. Her thoughts of going too far shot out the window. This was intoxicating.
Sensing his struggle she reaches her right hand up to gently palm his balls. Light kneading was all it took. He blasted her brow with a coat of hot paint.
The remaining two eased over her face after seeing their buddy get special treatment. In response she repositions on her knees and primes her chin right under them. One boy took the chance and slapped his cock over her puckered lips. She didn't expect it and closed her eyes to embrace the sudden impacts.
The third boy got overexcited and nutted on her right cheek. This left only the lip smacker.
His final moments led him to press his crown right on her lips until he shot lava across them. The spatter went up her nostrils even.
Once the delicacy was delivered the gathering congratulated everyone for their courage.
Ryan towered behind Monica and waited for her to peer back at him.
After wiping her chin and mouth on her wrist she did.
Her narrowed gaze made him feel uneasy. She was angry at him. He didn't offer to help her up. Instead he merely glared down at her.
Finally, she clutches his jeans and pulls herself to her feet. He was useful in that at least.
The gathering began to leave and eventually only Ryan and Shane remained to observe her cleaning herself up with water and paper towels.
"Mad?" Ryan finally asked.
"No." She barely muttered while wiping her face.
The air was thick, so thick Shane decided to bail before it got any denser.
She quickly got dressed as Ryan watched her. Once presentable Ryan grips her hand.
"Talk to me."
"What's to say? I took your dare and ran with it. It always seems to exceed what I plan on doing. I didn't expect a cum bath Ryan." She lowers her gaze.
"Sorry. I won't dare you any more." He joins her gaze at the tile floor.
"I don't want you to stop daring me Ryan." She whispers.
This made him look up at her with an unexpected energy.
"Seriously?"
She smirks, "That was fun. BUT! There's a difference between exhibition and stepping over the line."
"So, I should never dare you to go that far?"
She turns to walk toward the bathroom exit. Stopping she leers over her shoulder.
"You can. I might."
Winking at him she carefully eases out into the hallway just as the bell rang.
Ryan realized he had a raging hard on that hadn't been taken care of. The excitement of her answer made him dash into a stall.
He took care of business.
Noisily.