Hi again. It's me, Emi. It's sooooo hot these days in Oceanview. I hope you are having a good summer.
I still haven't told you about all the stuff I did when I went back in Japan. I kept a diary, so I'd be able to tell you about it when I got back.
Anyway, this was the summer after my freshman year at Oceanview U. For most of the summer, I was working at the campus fitness center, but we got a week off before school started when the new hirees came in to replace us. My mom wanted me to come home to Kamakura, so I booked a flight, and headed there. I hadn't been dating Ryosuke that long at that point. At least it would give me time to think, decide how I felt about all the things we'd been doing, fooling around outdoors and stuff. Still, even on the flight over, I was already missing Ryosuke. I'd gotten so used to having him around. In the airport in Chiba, I even thought I saw him, but it turned out to be someone who looked a bit like him from the back, tall, tanned, hair dyed brown. Ah well.
Living in Oceanview, dating Ryosuke had been pretty exciting. It was crazy too, but it was like I would wake up every morning, and I wouldn't know what was going to happen that day. My life in Japan hadn't really been like that. It was more normal if you know what I mean. I'm not saying it was boring or anything, but it was just that during these two years in the States, I think I've changed a bit. Maybe I've grown up, become more confident, but especially this last trip home, I felt like I could do things that I'd never done before.
When I came out of the Arrivals gate at Narita airport, my mom was there, all excited to see me. She'd cut her hair short, and was dressed in a long blue smock and beige pants that didn't match, but she looked good, happy to see me anyway. The whole train ride home, she talked up a storm, filling me in on all the latest. When we got to the house, I had a shower, and went straight to bed in my old bedroom. It hadn't changed. It was just the way I left it.
The next morning, I woke up at something like 4 a.m. I tried to go back to sleep, but I couldn't because my body's internal clock was still on California time. I wasn't sleepy. The house was so quiet. I didn't know what else to do, so I went downstairs, and made myself some breakfast. I sent Ryosuke a message telling him I'd arrived safe and sound. There was nothing on TV, so I came back to my room, and started looking through my old stuff. I dug though my closet looking for clothes I could take back with me to the States.
Around 5 or so, the sun came up, so I had a shower, and pulled on a navy skirt (fairly mini) and a frilly white blouse. I straightened my hair in the mirror. I look a bit cuter than my mother, cheery grin, slender face (like a pop idol?), exotic eyes. I'd got my hair cut and styled a few months before, but it was growing back in. My skin was fairly pale from working inside all summer, but my lips were a nice shade of red, kissable (if only Ryosuke were here). My breasts had grown since last time I wore this blouse. The skirt clung fairly tight, so my hips are probably more curvy too.
I kind of wanted to go out, and see people, but everyone was asleep. I checked through the mail on the ledge at the front door, and found this season pass to Hase temple right near us. We used to go there New Years Eve at midnight to line up, and ring in the new year on this giant bell. I put the pass in my purse, pulled on some shiny black platform shoes, and went out for a walk, just to see how things had changed.
Outside, I noticed that they've built a whole bunch of houses on the hill across from where I live. It used to be all trees. I walked down into the valley where the main road is. My last boyfriend, Tomoyuki, lives further west, in the town of Fujisawa. Yoshi and the other swimmers I used to 'manage' live east in Kamakura proper. I kind of wanted to see everyone again, but they wouldn't be up at this early hour.
There didn't seem to be much traffic. This was still maybe tourist season. There's a beach not far from my house and some temples and a big Buddha statue you can go inside. Still, it's a small town by Japanese standards and pretty quiet most of the time.
I walked along the main road a little ways, and a few cars went by. I decided to go to visit this temple I had the pass for. It's not too far from my house, just off the road that heads towards the beach. There were Japanese black pine trees out front, bent at an angle, clumps of green leaves floating like little clouds. There was a huge red lantern in the gate. I went over to the ticket window, but I didn't see anyone, so I just went right in. I had this pass anyway.
Just inside, there were two carp ponds under a canopy of trees, beautifully lit up by lights. I wandered past, and found the stairs that lead up to the temples at the top. There are four stair cases, winding back and forth up the hillside through the trees, I think a hundred and eight steps all together. The reason I know this is because when my grandmother was in the hospital, I once ran up and down these stairs in my bare feet over and over again to pray for her to get better. You're not supposed to let anyone see you, so I did it at night. It ended up raining, and I got soaked, but it must have worked because she got better soon after that.
I climbed up, following the path, finally making it to the top, and walked out into the courtyard. The temples were closed, but there are more hiking trails around back and an observation deck where you can look out over the bay. I sat down on one of the picnic benches on the observation deck. Through the gap in the trees, I could see the whole town spread out in front of me, and beyond that, the ocean, and the wooded hills on the other side of the bay. I got out my smartphone, and took a picture. Lights were on here and there, but I couldn't really see much sign of life. Most people were probably still asleep.
I checked to see if Ryosuke had written back. It must be afternoon in Oceanview, but maybe he's at work. The temple reminded me a bit of the Japanese garden on campus. I suddenly remembered the last time the two of us had been there, the feel of his warm lips kissing me, his arms hugging my waist. I felt a vague pang of regret at having come to Japan without him. I wished he were here with me to see how beautiful this is. Maybe some day.
I walked over to the fountain. I dipped my hands in, and then splashed some water on my face. That's supposed to bring you good luck. I realized my whole body was hot, but I wasn't sure why.
I walked over to the top of the stairs, and took off my platform shoes and socks. The large stone step was cold on my feet, but it was a good cold. It helped me calm down. I left my shoes there, and ran down the first flight of stairs. I looked out over the town, but it was so quiet. Was my neighborhood always this quiet in the morning? All I could hear was the rustling of the leaves and the cry of seagulls in the distance. So peaceful.
I climbed back up, and by the time I reached the top of the stairs, I was breathing heavily. I sat down next to my shoes, and tilted my head back, luxuriating in the feel of the cool summer breeze on my face. Eventually, I put my shoes back on, and walked home.
My parents still weren't up when I got back, but I must have woken them because I began to hear noises coming from their room. I changed into a track suit, and went down to the dining room, sipping barley tea till my mom came down.
Late afternoon, I got so sleepy I couldn't keep my eyes open. I had another shower, and went to bed even though it was still light out. Tomorrow, I'll try to stay up later, I promised myself.
That night I dreamed about Ryosuke. He was here in Japan, and we were visiting Hase temple together. He looked sharp, smiling, content. It must have been New Year's or something because the temple was crowded with people all dressed up in their finest Japanese clothes, kimonos, hakama and such. He leaned over to me, and whispered,
"Take off your kimono." I looked at him, shocked. I thought maybe he was joking, but he looked completely serious.
"What? Take it off? Here?" I asked.
We were right in the middle of the crowd with everyone standing around waiting for their turn to ring the temple bell. My ex Tomoyuki was there, and the swimmer Yoshi, my best friend Michiyo, my old school teachers. Tomoyuki has a funnier face than Ryosuke's, big ear lobes, a bit like a Kabuki actor. Yoshi looked good, this satisfied grin, his eyes sparkling. Michiyo was dressed the same, the way she used to look in her sailor uniform. I looked at them nervously, but for some reason, I started to do as Ryosuke asked. I undid the belts, and took the kimono off, layer by layer, getting more and more excited, the more I stripped. Soon, I was standing here--stark naked--in the middle of this crowded temple surrounded by all my friends and neighbors! It was such a weird feeling, embarrassing, energizing, deliciously naughty.
I looked down at my body. My breasts had perked right up from the excitement, my nipples poking out. My little triangle of lush black pubic hair looked so indecent against the pinkness of my naked skin. All I had on were these little white tabi socks and ornate slippers. I was standing pigeon toed, shivering, almost about to burst. I was holding an arrow in my hand, which we had bought from the temple for good luck.
I stood there--buck naked--waiting in line. Everyone who walked by would turn to look at me, opening their mouths wide when they saw I was naked. Michiyo was all frantic, imploring me to get dressed, but I was too horny to just stop. The guys were all ooing and ahing, going on and on about what a great body I have. I hid my red cheeks behind a fan, but bowed my thanks for their compliments. The guys behind me kept bumping into me, grabbing me, touching my bare bottom, touching me all over. Some guy slid his fingers in between my legs trying to find my hello kitty, trying to get me off. I tried to get away, but I couldn't. Soon, I couldn't take it any more, all the teasing. This tidal wave of sensual delight rocked my body, rocked my world, my fear and embarrassment just adding fuel to the flame. It felt so good.
All too soon I woke up, my body still reeling from the orgasm. Wow! That was intense. Why on earth had I got so excited? I'm not usually like that, I swear.
I looked at the clock. It was still only 4 in the morning. I tried to go back to sleep, but I was way too worked up. I couldn't stop thinking about what it had felt like to stand there exposed and vulnerable in front of all my friends like that. It was so weird, so unnatural, but thrilling too. I'd often wondered what it would be like to do that, get naked in front of everyone!
Trying to calm down, I got up out of bed, and went downstairs to get a drink of water. I had some breakfast and a shower, wrapped a towel around me, and came back upstairs.
I kind of wanted to go back to this temple, check it out, see what had sparked this dream. I didn't have any kimonos at that point at least not my size. We're supposed to buy one for Seijin no Hi, 'adult day' early in January the year I turn 20, but I was in the States, so I missed it. In my closet, I found this colorful sundress I used to wear in the summers. The pattern is indigo with yellow and green water lilies and light blue bamboo. It looks a bit like a kimono, the colors at least. I pulled on a bra and panties, and then slipped the dress on over my head. I also dug out this white terrycloth hoodie Ryosuke bought for me.
I checked my messages on my smartphone. Ryosuke had written back, asking how it was going. I snapped a selfie, and messaged him.
"Yeah, thanks. Good so far. Wish you were here. xoxo (^o^)/" and sent him the selfie. I thought about mentioning the dream, but held back for the moment. I really should calm down first, think this through before I do anything rash
I put my phone and folding umbrella in my purse, and went back downstairs. It was dark out, but I was determined not to go out, and visit this temple again.
I pulled a pair of white volleyball shoes on my bare feet, and tied them up tight. I went out, carefully shut the door, and locked it. My keys kind of jangled in my pocket, so I took them out, and put them in my purse. The air was quite warm even though the sun hadn't come up yet.
It took my eyes a while to adjust to the darkness. There are streetlights down on the main road, but I couldn't see the moon in the sky. I walked down the hill. It started to get kind of misty. I haven't really been out that much this early. Maybe it's always like this.
I saw lights coming down the road, and then a car went by, but then it was quiet again. I crossed the road, and walked till I found the lane-way leading to the temple. I don't know why I came here. It wasn't New Year's. Ryosuke and Tomoyuki and them weren't here. I just wanted to check it out, figure out why I'd had that dream. I went in, and passed the lit up ponds, even more beautiful in the dim light. I could hear something that sounded like a frog croaking, but otherwise, it was pretty quiet. I went through, and found the stairway.
I slowly walked up the stairs, a bit more uncertain now in the dark. Once I got up to the courtyard, it sparked my memory, bringing me back to the dream. I don't know why, but I was starting to get all excited. There was nothing here really, just the bell in its shrine, but for some reason, my heart was speeding up. I walked over to the observation deck. I sat down, and took out my smartphone. I wonder what Ryosuke would say if I did tell him about the dream.
I looked around at the temple grounds. It didn't really look like the dream. The dream had felt so intimate all my friends crowding round, but the courtyard now was quite spacious and empty. There was construction wrap on the bell shrine, but other than that, it didn't look like anyone had been here for a while.
I put the smartphone in my pocket, and walked to the railing. I could hear the leaves rustling in the breeze, and then I realized it was starting to rain. Then the wind started to blow my hair in my face, and I could feel little drops of rain on my hands. I scrambled under the eaves of the temple for cover. I squatted down, took my umbrella out of my purse, and opened it up.
I crouched here, pulled back my long black hair, and looked out at the storm. You could kind of see the wind making little waves with the droplets of rain as it came down. I could no longer hear the cars or the frog over the sound of the wind and rain. No one would come here, not this early, in this weather. It's just me up probably.
The butterflies in my tummy were getting worse. I really wanted to take my clothes off, get naked like in the dream. I stood up, and tried to think of something else. I walked out to the top of the steps, and once more remembered the time I had climbed the steps over and over for my grandmother. Wouldn't it be funny if I did that naked?
I sat down on the step, set down my umbrella, and took off my shoes. Maybe I could pray for Ryosuke to come here to Japan to see me. No, no, he couldn't come this trip. Maybe I'll just pray that we find happiness.
I picked up the umbrella, and ran down the steps leaving my shoes there. The steps were a bit slippery from the rain. Still I made it down the first stair case. I peered out from the edge of the woods, but there still wasn't anyone at the entrance. I ran back up. I just sort of stared at my shoes for a while. I wonder why you're supposed to take off your shoes anyway.
I peered back at the temple. Does the priest live here? It didn't look like a house, but it was hard to tell for sure. Some priests live in their temples. I pulled my shoes back on, and walked back down the steps looking out at the town, scanning for signs of cars. It was still pretty quiet.
Ultimately, I went down to the bottom, and walked home. I still felt like I wanted to do something, but I was still a bit shy in those days. The sun was coming up in any case. I probably shouldn't mess around in the daylight.
I went back inside, and had another shower trying to calm down. I pulled on a white t-shirt and shorts, and sat in the dining room looking out the glass doors at our garden wondering why I'd got so excited. My mom eventually came down, and made some breakfast, and I eventually let it go.
After 9, I changed my t-shirt for a white tube top and purple pin stripe shirt. This tube top is pretty tight-fitting almost like a sports bra, so I didn't need to wear a bra underneath. It feels a bit weird walking around with bare shoulders, but it looks pretty sexy I think and cool in the summer. Just on my way out the door, I grabbed a white baseball cap, and pulled it on to shield my face from the sun. I rubbed some sunblock on too, on my face, chest, tummy and legs.
I headed up to Tokyo to see my friend Michiyo (the one who came to the beach and my aunt's place with me). Japanese university wasn't out yet, but we were friends on Line, so I gave her a call, and met her there. She looked happy to see me. She hadn't changed that much, still the same innocent face, twin ponytails, long bangs and long skirts.
I was burning to tell Michiyo about my dream and the temple and stuff, but I wanted to find out if she was seeing anyone first. Her dad is nice to me, but she complains that her parents are kind of strict when it comes to her dating. Anyway, to start, I invited her to go out shopping. We went to Shibuya, a fashion district geared to college coeds like us.
"What have you been up to?" I asked.
"You know, school and stuff. Naoto says hi." Naoto is her younger brother, a cute guy, who I knew from when I used to visit her house.
"You meet anyone interesting at school?" Thinking back, she maybe had some kind of thing going with a night school student. He was tall and oh so handsome, but he didn't come on our school trips or anything.
"Um, I've met lots of new people. I still see some of the gang from our school and stuff, Junko and them."
Junko? I'd forgotten about her. She was a bit of a wild card even then, but part of our group. It sounded like Michiyo was not seeing any guys, so I held off on telling her about the dream for now.
Shibuya had changed a bit. They've rebuilt the whole station, and right by the main intersection, now there's this seven-floor media store with a Starbucks on the second floor. Everyone was dressed in the latest fashions: baby-doll tops, frilly Rococo dresses, ganguro (deep spray tans and tea colored hair). I wanted to buy some clothes to take back with me to the States, something sexy for my dates with Ryosuke.
We crossed the intersection, and entered along Center Street. Some buff surfer-guys were checking us out. Michiyo seemed nervous, but I felt chuffed that I got a reaction. I took off my shirt to let them see my bare shoulders and back. Two guys came over, but Michiyo grabbed my arm, and pulled me away to one of the department stores.
This particular store there was almost no one in there. I didn't plan to buy anything here, but Michiyo wanted to look around. We each picked out some pants, and took them to the change rooms.
When I got into the change room, I pulled on the first pair of slacks. I was going to try a top too, so I pulled off my tube top, letting my breasts swing free. It felt good to get naked. The slacks fit all right, but they were made of this funny material like velvet.
"Michiyo, how are yours?"
"Oh, I don't know. They're a bit tight."
"Here let me see." I picked up my shirt, but just held it against my bare breasts with one hand. I pulled back the curtain, and stepped out into the hall between the other fitting rooms. I felt a shiver of excitement, coming out here topless into such a public area of the store, but I was mainly trying to get Michiyo to show me her pants. When she realized I was topless, she gasped.
"What are you doing?"
Her question made me stop, but I didn't think I was doing anything wrong. I did have this shirt covering my nipples at least. We were still in the fitting room area, and there wasn't anyone else here for the moment, just us two.
"They look fine to me," I said ignoring her question. "Turn around."
She did. I could see what she was complaining about. Her pants hugged her cute rear quite snugly. I don't know if she does any sports, but she has quite a compact body, the way guys like I guess.
"C'mon. Let's try another store." I lowered my arms letting her see my breasts, but she just gave me this funny look, not really saying anything. I hadn't really told her about all this stuff I'd been doing with Ryosuke in Oceanview. I wasn't sure how she'd feel about it, but she seemed pretty relaxed so far. I went back into my booth before anyone else came. I took a deep breath trying to calm down, and eventually, pulled on my tube top, and changed into my shorts.
I took her to a small shop that I'd read about. On the rack, the clothes look normal enough, but when you try them on, they have some sexy twist. For example, some of the jeans have tears in the seat of them, or zipper up in the back. A lot of them seemed to be low rise, the kind you can't pull up all the way, so people can see your hip bones. I was kind of thinking if she wants to get a boyfriend of her own, she should dress sexier, but I didn't come out, and say that. We each picked out a few pairs to try on.
I went into a booth, pulled my shorts off, and tried on the first pair. The waist was so low that you could see my underwear, so I took them off again pulling my underwear down with them. Just for fun, I took off my tube top as well, stripping naked, getting all excited.
I could hear the other customers talking just on the other side of the curtain. It felt weird to be naked so close to the street. Wouldn't they be surprised if I walked out like this? I stood there wondering if I dared, and then finally remembered the jeans. I slipped them on. Without undies, I could feel the seam brushing up between my legs tickling my most sensitive place. That just got me even more excited.
There was no mirror in the booth, so I pulled my shirt on, and went back out into the shop. I found the mirror, and pulled up the tails of my shirt to get a better look at the jeans. They were so low at the front. You could almost see where my pubic hair starts.
I soon realized there was a guy in the shop, peering down at my pubic area. He was holding a couple of shopping bags from women's shops. He must be waiting for his girlfriend. He reminded me a bit of Ryosuke, especially the way he was trying to make out like he hadn't been checking me out.
I didn't mind so much. If he wants to look, be my guest. I lifted up the hem even more showing him my flat tummy. Not quite on purpose, I reached up my shirt, and brushed my fingers against one breast. I guess I can admit I was getting excited, teasing this guy. Michiyo came out, so I covered my tummy.
I think Michiyo didn't like how low her pants hung, so she'd pulled them way up. I don't think I've ever seen her dress sexy like this. The skin of her hips was so white. She still had her underwear on, but she'd pushed it down trying to hide it below the waistband of her jeans.
"You can buy special low rise underwear too," I told her. She was blushing a deep red, and tilting her head down to hide her eyes. "Other than that, you look great."
The guy behind us was checking us both out now, comparing Michiyo's cute little rear end with my own. He kept coming back to me though, his eyes almost sparkling. I turned to examine myself in the mirror, and sure enough, at the back, you could see the crack of my behind and the top of my butt cheeks. No wonder he's getting so excited! I wasn't so sure I wanted to go around flashing my bottom at everyone, but this guy seemed to like it. His girlfriend must be around here somewhere, but the way he was eyeing me up and down, I swear I thought he was going to ask me out. He definitely wanted to do something with me.
Michiyo seemed annoyed. She disappeared off back to her booth.
"I'm going to buy a pair," I told her through the curtain. "You?"
She didn't seem quite as keen, but to humor me, she said she'd buy hers too. I suggested that we wear them home, but she wasn't willing to go that far. I gave the guy one last look, and then went into the booth, and changed back into my shorts and tube top. The guy was still gawking at us when we came out, but eventually, his girlfriend reappeared, and he started talking to her instead. Michiyo and I went for a tea. Soon Michiyo had to go, but we promised to meet up again.
I slept a bit in the train back, but woke up when they announced my station name. There were a bunch of young people, college age like me who got out, but I think they were headed to the beach, not my direction. I got out some sunblock, and rubbed it on getting a bit excited. The bus came soon, but when we drew up on Hase, I got off. I hadn't been planning on going back to the temple, but I wanted to see if there was anyone here at this time of day. I checked messenger on my phone. Ryosuke wrote:
"Cute pic. Any more? Looking forward to seeing you."
I could probably take some more pics. I headed into the temple again. The sun was high in the sky now. The view from the top would make for some nice pictures. Maybe I can send Ryosuke some of those.
Just left of the entrance gate, there was a small cafe and gift shop that were open now. There didn't seem to be any customers, but there were probably cashiers in both. I showed my pass to the clerk in the ticket window, and went on in. The pond water was completely still, reflecting the blue sky. I could see an orange carp or two swimming around.
I went back into the trees, and climbed the first flight of stone steps. I wasn't sure, but it looked like I was the only one here. I continued on up the next three flights. I spotted the giant bell on my right. Seeing it just got me going again. It reminded me of the dream, the excitement I'd felt, the orgasm.
Trying to calm down, I walked left to the lookout, and took some pictures of the bay. The trees on either side formed a nice frame. It's quite romantic. It's really too bad Ryosuke isn't here.
I sat down at the picnic tables, still trying to calm down. It's funny how my body was reacting so strongly to this place. That New Year's dream just seemed so real, so intense.
I was getting that feeling again, butterflies in my tummy. I could really feel the soft fabric of my tube top hugging my breasts, my tight shorts tugging at my hips. In the heat, the cool air felt so nice on my bare skin. This image of running up and down the 108 steps naked kept popping into my mind. I shook my head to clear it. What on earth am I thinking?
This was later in the day, so there was a danger that someone could come, but I hadn't seen anyone on the stairs nor in the temples. Who knows? Maybe I could chance it. Without really thinking it through, I slid my hands into my shorts and panties. This is crazy, I thought. I probably shouldn't strip naked in the middle of a temple even if there is no one around.
I began to feel guilty for even thinking of such a thing, but I got a hold of the waistbands, and started to pull them down over the curve of my behind. As my panties slipped away from my skin, I felt a rush as the air made contact with my most sensitive place. I took a sharp breath, all excited now. It was such a weird feeling getting naked out here. The breeze tickled as I pulled my shorts and panties down and off. I put them away in my purse, but my heart started to race as I spread my legs apart. I looked down at my pussy, a bit in awe at my own daring. It was broad daylight out now, and who knows who all might be around?
My black pubic hair was still thick at the point, fairly fluffy, and down below I could make out my pussy lips glistening a bit, wet from my excitement. I spread my lips with my fingers, probing around with my middle finger trying to find my hello kitty, shuddering a bit as my fingers found just the right spot. I thought back to the times Ryosuke and I had had sex outdoors. I could hear the wind, and the squawk of birds. It felt so strange to be playing with myself out here in the open like this.
I pulled off my tube top too, stuffed it into my purse, and slathered some sunblock on my private places, my breasts, pussy, derriere. It felt so good, running my finger tips all over my body. My skin was glistening all oiled up in the bright sunlight. I had my lucky necklace on, so hopefully, this will protect me.
Half in a daze now, I pulled my purse on, and stood up. I could feel the sun's warmth wrapping my body in this cocoon. I continued to dab at my hello kitty. I moved away from the tables, peering all around the courtyard, making sure no one was coming. I walked over to the bell, my whole body pulsing with excitement. There was no one here, so I could ring the bell if I wanted to... I gazed back at the stairs wondering how far I dare go naked like this.
Normally, you know, I don't walk around naked at famous tourist attractions. Especially when I'm naked, I feel like my own body must look so obscene. My fluffy black pubic hair really stands out against the soft pink of my skin, making it obvious even from a distance how naked I am. I guess I could have used my purse to hide my bush, but I was so worked up, I just let it float free not covering up at all. My breasts aren't huge, but even so, they feel like these barrels sticking way out, getting heavier from my arousal. Even when I'm clothed, guys are always staring at my backside, catcalling or whistling. Ryosuke says it's pretty cute.
The thing was that day, I was just so worked up, all giddy from the dream. It also felt fresh and new being home, and I might have been a bit punchy from the lack of sleep. I don't know how I got up the nerve, but now that I was naked, it felt so good, so deliciously naughty. I just love this feeling, even the embarrassment, the feel of the breeze on my skin. Like I said, I'd become a bit more adventurous after living abroad these last years.
Even though I was more or less committed now, I still felt a bit skittish. Cautiously, I tiptoed over to the top of the stairs, and peered down. There were a couple of trees vaguely blocking the view from the town below, but the stair case curved off to the right, so I couldn't tell from here is there was anyone down at the next level. I could hear cars in the distance, making me nervous. I hope no one comes along, and finds me naked like this.
I tried to take some nude selfies, but I kept worrying that someone might come, so I put my phone away, and focused on keeping an eye out for people. I carefully inched down the first few steps, peering anxiously off up ahead, my body tingling away. I couldn't see anyone. I sped up, and made it all the way down to the landing, and peered around the bend. I could see the roofs of houses, but still no people, so I cautiously continued on down. I could really feel my body now, coursing with energy, so elated to be out here naked like this.
The sun was terribly bright, and although there were trees here and there, it was kind of daunting wandering around out here naked so out in the open like this. I was trying to be brave, power through my fear, but my heart was literally pounding in my chest. I was so excited I was starting to lose my sense of propriety. I kept wanting to push this further, see how far I could go.
On the second landing, there was a little shrine and some showcases where people could leave flowers to wish their children good luck. I didn't have any flowers to leave, but I began to wonder if I should take a chance, and leave my purse with my clothes here, and go for a little walk completely naked. I guess deep down, I knew this was a crazy idea, but I was so excited, so worked up I wasn't thinking straight any more. It just seemed so delicious to be out here in this beautiful place, basking in the warmth of the sun.
My hands were shaking, all nervous over what I was about to do, but I steeled myself, dug my smartphone out, and hid my purse behind the bamboo screen at the bottom of the first showcase, hopefully out of sight. I stood back up, supercharged now, floating on cloud nine. I walked over to the top of the next stairs, and looked out, my whole body electrified, almost at the verge of coming. I knew I was taking a terrible risk leaving my clothes here, but I was just so horny I couldn't help myself.
I scurried down the next flight of stairs, reveling in the feeling. I was getting awfully close to the ponds and the front entrance. Thankfully, I couldn't see anyone down there. I scooted down the stairs, and along the stone path, vaguely shielded by a few trees. From here, I could see the red lantern and out the front gate to the street beyond. No sign of cars in the lane-way, but I was getting closer and closer to where I knew there were people.
I peered out wondering if I dared leave the cover of these trees. It's not like they were so thick, but the ticket window was just up ahead beyond the ponds, and around the corner was that shop and cafe I'd seen on my way in. Who knows who all was at the front gate? I wonder if I can just dash down quick, take a few selfies by the ponds for Ryosuke, and rush right back. I'd made it down this far without running into anyone. I'd probably never get another chance like this, such beautiful weather and the temple all to myself.
I steeled my nerve, and then stepped out from behind the trees, and rushed down the last flight of stairs out onto the straightaway. I lay a hand across my breast, but my body felt so hot, burning up from the excitement. I was trying to get up the courage to go all the way down to the front to get better shots of the ponds, but suddenly from behind me, I heard sweeping noises, broom on pavement. Panicking, I squatted down, curling up into a ball, trying to hide behind this little donation box. Eventually I saw him on the next landing up, a groundskeeper, all in navy, a uniform I guess. Luckily, he didn't notice me at first, just kept on sweeping, but he was slowly working this way.
I probably shouldn't stay here. He'd soon come down, and find me. I could maybe make a break for it, down around the pond, and then back up the other stone staircase to where I'd hidden my purse, but I was worried he might see me if I stepped out into the sun. I needed a place to hide just near here.
On either side of the main gate, there were huge wood pillars, so maybe I could hide behind one of those. I double-checked to make sure the gardener wasn't watching, then made a beeline straight for the pillar, zipping behind it. I don't think he noticed me, but my heart was really pounding now. I was right in the entrance for heaven's sake where people come in. I'd seen folks from Tokyo, tourists, on the way here, and we weren't that far from the beach.
Luckily, that gardener was so wrapped up in his work he wasn't really looking this way. I could probably make it round to that far staircase, but somehow I couldn't bring myself to run out there. Hoping for someone to come save me, I scrolled through my phone, and called up Tomoyuki's home number. Wouldn't he be surprised if he came, and saw me naked like this? I dialed, and his mom answered.
"Oh hi, Emi. Long time no see. I heard you were in America."
"Yeah, I am. I mean I was..." I peeked out from behind the pillar, and unfortunately, I think the groundskeeper had spotted me. He just stood there, high up on the second landing, but he was far enough away I don't think it registered at first that I might be naked. He went back to sweeping.
"Is Tomoyuki home?"
"No, he's at school. Do you want his cell number?"
"Yeah, could you?"
I began to wonder how this gardener would react if he did see me naked. My breasts were glistening from the sunblock. I checked my pussy, confirming that I was soaking wet. He looked fairly young, 30ish and quite fit. He reminded me of Hank, my host mom's boyfriend who works in construction. I vaguely wondered what he'd be like as a lover.
Before I could do anything, I heard voices behind me. A young couple came through the entrance next to the gate. I squatted down as quick as I could, but they both were facing this direction, standing right there just a few feet away. By some miracle, they just stood there, not really reacting to me. Maybe I'd squatted down fast enough that they hadn't realized I was naked. Tomoyuki's mom came back on the phone.
"I found it. His cell number is..." I tapped it into my contacts.
The couple walked right on past, without acknowledging they'd seen me. The guy was wearing Capri shorts, and the girl, a long skirt, reminding me a bit of Ryosuke and myself. All these close calls were wreaking havoc with my nerves, but I was also a bit disappointed that no one was reacting to my nudity. I clutched my pussy tightly, right at the verge of orgasm, but neither the gardener nor this couple had done much, even though they must have seen me. I was right here for heaven's sake.
It's not that people in Japan don't care about nudity. If it had really registered, they would surely do something, but there is this thing I've noticed in hot springs where people look right through you. They look without seeing. Maybe they were distracted, wrapped up in their conversation, not really paying attention to me.
I thanked Tomoyuki's mom (Mrs. Watase?), and gave him a call.
"Hey," I blushed when he picked up.
"Emi! You're here? In Japan?" He recognized my voice right away.
"Yeah, I just got back."
"Wow! That's amazing! We were just talking about you the other day..." He did sound thrilled to hear from me. So relieved to hear he still thought about me, I stood back up.
"Are you busy? I'm in Kamakura near Hase now. I was wondering...," I started.
"Oh. I'm at school in Ōfuna."
"Oh that's not too far. I could meet you at Kamakura station." Not really thinking, I walked out and over to the ticket entrance peering out towards the main street. I guess I was trying to figure out how far it was to the station from here, but in my overheated state, I'd come right out to where the couple could see me. I was just so excited to finally getting talking with Tomoyuki I relaxed a bit too much, and started wandering around out here naked where everyone could see.
"Kamakura?" Tomoyuki echoed. "I was going to head back to Fujisawa. Is that far from you?"
"Hmm," I waffled, thinking. Fujisawa was the other way. Continuing my craziness, I walked out the exit--naked save my runners--past the ticket person, and then sashayed over to the lane, looking out at the busy main street. Hase Enoden train station was just down there around the corner. I couldn't go there naked obviously, but the thought excited me. Here I was out here in front of the temple, naked as a jaybird, many hundreds of steps from my clothes with Tomoyuki pushing me(?) to go even farther! He didn't know I was naked of course. But wouldn't he be surprised if he did? It did feel great to be out here on the street in the warm sun!
"I'd love to see you," he cooed, apparently still into me. "Can I call you back?"
"Um, yeah, sure."
He hung up. I turned around only then fully realizing the enormity of what I'd just done. There was the priest's house to the right and a parking lot to the left, and here I was naked in the middle of it all. I was so excited, just on the edge of orgasm, but I shouldn't do it out here on the street. My bashfulness returning, I ran back to the entrance, looking for cover. The ticket person was so surprised to see me they didn't even ask to see my pass.
Inside the couple had disappeared off somewhere, and I couldn't see the gardener, but I could hear the shuffling of feet, someone coming, maybe the priest. I ran along the fence, trying to keep out of sight, but then had to veer out into the open to make it to the far stairs. When I finally made it to the showcases, my whole body was shaking with excitement. I could hardly believe I'd gone all the way out the front gate in my bare scuddy. That was crazy. I probably shouldn't have done that. Lord knows how many people saw me!
Now that I'd made it back to relative safety, I hesitated for a moment. I knew that I should get back dressed, hide my face at least, but all steamed up like this, it was hard to just stop. I was so close to coming. It wouldn't take much to push me over the edge. If only Ryosuke were here, he could... well, you know... please me, help me along.
I glanced all around, making sure the gardener wasn't here spying on me, and then got another idea. I'll give Yoshi a call. Yoshi and I never dated. He was a swimmer, the leader I guess of our high school men's swim team, and I was one of their 'managers.' He's a bit of a goofball, always cutting up, but he's pretty handsome too, slender nose, small eyes, but a very warm reassuring grin. I probably would have gone out with him if he'd asked me out. He actually kept messaging me even after I moved to California. I'd been threatening to call him now that I was back.
"Hey, Yoshi. It's Emi. I am in Kamakura now."
"Wow! Really? That's great. We should get together." Good ol' Yoshi. He sounded great.
I was about to invite him to come to the temple, but suddenly, behind me, I heard this shuffling sound, sandals brushing against stone, someone coming up the steps. I grabbed my purse from under the showcase, and dashed around behind the small shrine hiding.
I whispered,
"Uh, Yoshi, can I call you back? Something's come up..."
"Yeah, sure thing. Anytime."
I hung up the phone, and then peeked out trying to see who was coming. Darn it. I guess I have to get dressed after all. There are too many people here. It would have been funny to prank Tomoyuki or Yoshi somehow, but I guess I'd better call this a day, and head back before I really do get into trouble.
I dumped my clothes out of my purse, and quickly pulled my shorts and tube top back on. I pulled on my shirt, hat and sunglasses, trying to hide my face as well, so people wouldn't recognize me. I peered out, and whoever it was seemed to have gone. I snuck back down the stairs, out the front gate, and headed out to the main street, my heart still beating from the scare. I tried to call Yoshi, but he wasn't picking up now, so I just left a message. I don't know what I would have done if he had been available, but it was kind of fun, thinking of it.
When I got back to the house, I was still a bit nervous, but I got ready for bed, and went to sleep early. That was quite the day.
Emi Tsuruta