The Voyeur Club was a controversial but popular cub started by a local tech tycoon that made thousands everytime he blinked. It had rules of course and a great security team and system to ensure if the safety of either consenting performers. And they paid well of course.
Erin walked into the club behind her roommate Gab and her boyfriend. The blonde college freshman wasn't a virgin but she felt like she was missing out. Maybe she was a little too plain. She wouldn't go to super extremes but she wanted venture out a little.
The trio walked to the sections for performances, checked in with security and headed down the hall past occupied rooms. The couple turned off into a free couples room.
"Erin, remember you don't have to go through with it if you get nervous."
"I know Gab."
"Stay safe."
She blew a kiss to Erin and closed the door, the clicking turning the red plastic meter to green. Erin took a deep breath and walked to the next free solo room. She walked in and closed the door, leaning against it for a moment. There was a sign near a light switch telling performers that if something happened or they got cold feet or got sick to turn the switch off, blacking out their room again so they could leave. There was also a masquerade mask on the small table underneath the light with a note.
"Turning the switch on will start a two way mirror show where you can see the guests and they can see you, the light switch across the room will start a live cam show where you can't see the viewers. Have fun, be safe."
Erin sighed and left the mask off, she had a tattoo on her left forearm that gave her away to anyone there she may know anyway. She took a deep breath and flicked the switch up. The lights in the room brightened. She felt the eyes on her and took a deep breath. She turned around and pushed her hair back.
Her neves tensed again. Almost without realizing it she rubbed her breasts no squeezed them softly, a small smile coming to her face. She felt her body relax as she continued to rub he chest and down her body. She pulled at her shirt, teasing the crowd.
She turned around as she pulled it off and tossed it on the bed against the wall of the room. She surprisingly found herself enjoying being watched, teasing a crowd with her body.
She rubbed her breasts with her back to the mirror. She reached down and unzipped and unbuttoned her jeans, turning around again, her stripped pink panties showing just a little. She reached into her and moved her hand around, closing her eyes.
She slowly pulled her hand out, with one finger running against the wet fabric. She pushed her jeans down slowly, providing an excellent view of her cleavage.
She turned around again and leaned on the bed, reaching back to rub and squeeze her ass. She kneeled on the bed to take her bra off. She smiled, her nipples hard. She sat down, showing off her tits.
She rubbed her nipple and kneaded them between two fingers softly, moaning softly. She rubbed down her body again and rubbed herself through the soaked fabric of her panties.
"Fuck it."
She wasn't sure if they could hear her or not but it didn't matter. She slid her panties off and tossed them aside, laying back on the bed. She rubbed her pussy, her fingers wet on immediate contact.
She giggled and rubbed faster while moving up to her clit sometimes. She briefly turned her head and one of her viewers caught her eye but she wasn't sure why. The thought was cut off by a loud moan.
She started to slid her fingers in her pussy between strokes, making her moan more frequently. She started to finger herself just as fast as she was rubbing herself. Her moans grew louder and louder as she fingered her tight, soaked pussy.
Her legs tried to close but she fought them leaving them open as she continued. She lifted her ass off the bed and moaned loud, holding her fingers in her pussy as she came hard. She fingered herself slowly as she came down from her orgasm, cum running down her pussy.
She slowly pulled her fingers out and looked up, she almost forgot the crowd was there. Without hesitation she did something she hadn't done before, sucking her cum off her fingers as a little treat for the satisfied audience.
She giggled and blew them a kiss. She got off the bed and shook her ass a little with a wink before turning off the switch. She redressed and checked her phone before leaving the room.
Gab and her boyfriend were waiting for her outside on the club floor, fielding compliments. Erin fielded her fair share including the man she thought she recognized. And damn if his voice didn't sound familiar...