Hello Readers
It has been forever but I think I am in touch with Cassie again. So much so that I want you to discover where she came from.
Some of you -- possibly with reason -- will again say the submission is too short. That may be but right now I wanted to put Cassie back out there. I wanted to see if you still connected with her
Thank you for being readers
* * * * *
Why is it always like this? He seems okay, he's well dressed and he even pays a tip before he asks you to undress. Supposedly you are in a "safe" place where you will be protected. You know that is not necessarily a guarantee but you have that glimmer of hope and so you become stupid and naïve all over again. Because its not like its even the first time...
She looked in the mirror as she dabbed the wet tissue on her lip. It still came away red but at least it was more spots than being soaked. The pain was less but vodka always did that. Her gaze moved from the quickly swelling lip to the even faster closing eye.
The mirror looked back and whilst it was silent it said everything.This is sex...
She was startled by the banging on the bathroom door. "Are you finished? People need to clean up to get back to work. Get your arse out of there so I can work!"
Her head hurt and demons of the past seemed to hover in the background, just waiting for their chance. In a haze, she turned and opened the door. With her one good eye she saw a throat. Blinking was painful and she looked up, unusual at her height and saw a dishevelled red haired girl. Dishevelled was a polite word. She stood and looked, swayed a little as she really tried to understand.
"Are you stupid? Does your brain not function? Are you just going to stand there and be a zombie? If you are, I know a guy who likes sex dolls and you would be perfect for him. You just lie there and he does the rest. Of course you have to leave your mouth open and sometimes be rolled over."
Red pushed past me into the shared bathroom and didn't even bother closing the door as she stripped off and sat on the toilet. While she relieved herself, she leaned down and rummaged through her strewn clothes, retrieving a cigarette. Just as she took it, she suddenly threw it in the bowl. "Fuckin' Mumma. She knows I need a smoke after a fuck... BUT NO... we have to be acleanplace. She thinks this is clean. Fuck her."
Red looked up. "Hey stupid, is that all you do around here? Just stand and stare? You can come and clean this toilet if you like. I won't even move."
"Wait... you're a virgin aren't you. I guess you've been fucked before but not here. This is your first night and you just had your first John." Red laughed in a way that was cruel but held self loathing.
"The guys will like seeing your eye that way. They'll know your available for the rough stuff. You might even get an extra tip, though of course both your eyes will be closed by then. Still, you don't need to see to put a cock in your mouth do you. Most guys are smart enough to know where to put it. Just wish some of them knew what to do with it when then did find a place." That laugh again.
"You're not just stupid but dumb also, aren't you? I mean dumb by you can't speak. Fuck, you will be the perfect doll. Use her anyway and she can't say no. I might take you myself just to see. I'll certainly get someone I know to try you out and I'll watch. I think I'd like that. I think I'd like seeing you destroyed from the inside out."
Slowly, unconsciously -- her brain still not functioning on any level -- she reached up and touched her lip. It was swollen. No it was puffed out. Continuing her examination, her hands moved to her eye. She didn't see them before they brushed against her eye. As she touched it, her thoughts were confirmed -- it was swollen shut.
"You really are a fucking loser aren't you." Red laughed, this time with almost humour. "What the fuck is your name loser?"
She blinked, well closed one eye and opened it again, trying to think on that question.
There was a girl, a girl in a magazine and she was really pretty. I remember thinking that at the time. Pretty and confident. Pretty and happy. Looking at her made me smile. What was her name? wait... I know, she... me... no, she. Her name was Cassandra...
She looked at Red with her one good eye and tried to focus without much luck. "My name is Cassie..."