I finished my wine and put the empty glass on the table in front of me. We were the only couple sitting outside that evening, and I felt at peace, relaxing in the late evening sun, letting the warmth of the wine spread. This was proving to be a great holiday.
I turned to you as you came outside. I hadn't seen that dress before. It was a shorter skirt than you usually wore and, although it was a warm night, I was surprised by how much flesh you had on show. You leaned across the white plastic table to grab my wine glass and as you bent the skirt rode up to reveal your smooth, white, round buttocks. I took in a long eyeful, which is exactly what you meant me to do, as you waited there, bent over the table, arse on display, not straightening up. My cock swelled in my boxers.
You turned your head to watch me.
"Are you taking a good look?" You asked me.
"Uh-huh," I mumbled, my mouth dry. I wouldn't have been surprised if my tongue was actually hanging out.
You took your left hand and ran it over your arse cheeks. As you did so you parted them slightly and I gasped as I caught a glimpse of your naked pussy.
"Oops!" You laughed. "I forgot to finish getting dressed!"
You left your hand there, touching yourself gently with a finger. I could see how easily it slipped inside of you, and could tell how wet you were already. I was so hard it felt as if I was about to rip through my trousers. You moved your hand to my open mouth and traced that same finger over my lips. Instantly I could taste you and I felt my balls tense, as if I were about to cum there and then.
You could see I was struggling for control. You laughed.
"Don't get too excited," you teased, "I've got big plans for you."
"I hope so," I grinned, although right at that moment I wasn't interested in your plans; all I could think about was freeing my cock and fucking you hard, right there over the table, in full view of all the neighbouring cottages.
"You're going to have to wait though," you said as you finally stood up and smoothed down your skirt. "Hi Ben..."
I look up to see our neighbour, Ben, stood awkwardly at the edge of his patio, which put him pretty much on the edge of ours. He had a bottle of red wine in one hand and two extra glasses in the other, and I suddenly remembered inviting him and his wife Amy over for a drink this evening. I had completely forgotten. I looked over to you and caught the mischievous expression on your face. I realised, shocked, that you hadn't.
We'd spent a fair bit of time with Ben and Amy over the last few days, as their two girls had become firm friends with our boys. On the quiet I'd been admiring Amy's curves from afar and although you felt he was quite difficult to talk to, you'd mentioned more than once how impressed you were with Ben's well defined arms and chest. Suddenly my mind was racing, wondering what you'd cooked up for tonight. Ben stepped forward and placed the glasses on the table. He held out his hand, in a weirdly formal gesture.
"Hi, how are you?" He asked.
You stepped forward and reached out your own hand but, instead of shaking his you brushed past him and grasped hold of the obvious erection he had straining within his loose shorts. His eyes widened as you gently squeezed his stiff cock and gently ran your hand along its length.
Quickly you pulled out the waistband on his shorts and freed his bulging member. In the same movement you pushed him gently backwards and he fell into a chair as you sank to your knees in front of him. Within moments you had his cock in your mouth. You devoured him like I'd never seen you do before, taking his entire length deep into your mouth. I guessed he must have been slightly smaller than me but it was hard to tell, not being to see much of his cock. Despite that I could see you straining to accommodate his eager thrusts. He lifted his hips and started to push harder and I could hear you gag as he hit the back of your throat several times. I was so turned on watching, but I was about to step in to calm things down when you placed your hand firmly on his chest and pushed him back. You slid his overly keen cock out of your mouth.
"Slow down!" You scolded. "You can fuck me later."
Slowly, as if to emphasise your point, you ran your tongue around the rim of the throbbing head of his manhood, a wicked smile of your lips. This was too much for Ben, though, who suddenly bucked in his chair as he began to come. You moved quickly and got your mouth over his pulsing cock quickly enough to catch most of that first ejaculation, and then take all of the three long, hard shots of cum that followed. Standing up, you swallowed dramatically and ran your tongue suggestively around your teeth before sitting down.
As if nothing untoward had happened, you picked up the bottle of red wine and poured for all three of us, just as Amy appeared out of the neighbouring cottage, presumably having finished getting the girls to bed.
I'm not sorry to say that she was looking hot. She carries a bit more weight than you do, with a fullness of hips and roundness to her belly that I've always liked. As she sat down and crossed her legs, her loose, black dress gave a good impression of what she had to offer.
"Hi," she said, slightly breathlessly, "sorry I'm a bit late. Kids..."
You poured her a glass, which she picked up and took a long swig from. She sighed, sinking back into her chair.
"I know," you sympathised, "we managed to tire the boys out today, but usually.."
She turned to you as you spoke, and suddenly a shadow passed over her face.
"You appear," she began, pointedly, "to have my husband's cum on your chin."
Ben turned white with shock, and even I feel a pang of guilt despite not having, strictly speaking, done anything wrong. You, on the other hand, didn't even flinch and even giggled as you wiped a hand over your chin and inspected it, before wiping it on a napkin.
"Oh, I'm sorry," you laughed. "I only meant to get him warmed up for you but... We got a bit carried away. I'm not sure he's going to be much use to you now..?"
She stared at you, coldly, not saying a word.
"Look, you can borrow mine," you said, eventually, reaching across and stroking my aching cock through my jeans, "but I'm a bit worried he's going to go off any moment as well... And then where would you be?"
You stood up and moved around the table to where Amy sat. She looked up at you and as she did so you leaned in and kissed her. She responded immediately, moaning as I watched you push your tongue into her mouth. You kissed her hard as you moved your hands through her hair, pulling her face close to yours.
You dropped a hand to her back and in a deft movement unclasped her dress and her strapless bra at the same time, exposing her full breasts. As you cupped her right breast and squeezed gently, teasing the nipple between your delicate fingers, she gasped and spread her legs invitingly wide.
It seemed clear the direction in which this evening was going. I unbuckled my belt and unbuttoned my fly, slipping both my jeans and boxers to my ankles. My erect penis sprang free, standing proud and glistening with anticipation, and I started to gently stroke it while I watched the show you were putting on. You glanced over and saw what I was doing, raising an eyebrow as you dropped your head to take Amy's now erect nipple into your mouth. She groaned loudly as she felt your lips and tongue massage her swollen breasts.
"Bite me," she whispered, reaching her own hand between her legs and caressing her crotch through her underwear.
You obliged, sucking her nipple hard and nipping at it gently with your teeth. Amy began to writhe in her seat, apparently out of control. She pulled aside her pants and started to rub furiously as her clitoris. This glimpse of her most intimate area, lips swollen and wet due to the attention you were giving her, almost sent me over the edge and I had to let go of my erection for a moment. You noticed my excitement and stood up, leaving Amy sat in the chair, head thrown back, wanking herself off with increasing vigour.
"I think it's probably your turn," you shrugged, stepping back.
Amy opened her eyes and looked at you, then across to me, and then down to my straining cock. She wriggled free of her underwear and raised her legs, placing them onto the table. The chair she was sat in reclined with this movement, lifting her hips until she was lying almost flat, knees raised in the air. I stood up and stepped over one of her legs, standing in between her knees, my quivering penis just inches from her pussy. You climbed behind me and placed one had on my buttocks while you reached around with the other to take hold of my cock. Like this, you gently guided me forward, until I watched as another woman's vagina enveloped me and welcomed me inside her.
Amy shivered as I entered her, her husband looking on with a renewed erection of his own. He was now standing as well, just to the side of the action, and she reached out a hand to grasp his cock and pull him, leading him to her mouth where she hungrily began to suck on him. Meanwhile you were stood close behind me, pushing my hips forward, forcing me to thrust hard and deep into Amy's wet cunt, then relaxing the pressure to let me slowly withdraw. With the hand that had previously helped me enter her, you were now circling her clitoris; slowly, expertly building her up to an orgasm that took us both by surprise when it came, suddenly, as I think we'd both expected that I would come first.
That was enough to trigger my own orgasm, however, and as her pussy tensed, violently clutching my cock, I came hard, my balls aching with force with which I exploded into Amy. Once, twice, three times I pumped what felt like an ocean of cum into her, and then I was left, gasping and shuddering in your arms as you held me close, spreading kisses across my back.
You pushed yourself up onto your tiptoes and whispered to me.
"You liked that?" Your breath was hot in my ear.
I couldn't do much more than nod at that point. You squeezed me again.
"My turn!" You whispered, mischievously.
Ben was still stood with his cock in Amy's mouth, although she was paying him rather less attention that she had been doing, now flushed as she was with a post-orgasmic glow.
"You," you commanded. "Get your cock out of your fluffer's mouth and bring it over here. It's high time I got fucked..."