It was only two days after the events of the previous chapter where I had my second encounter with the postwoman.
Lying sleepily awake, one eye half open, gazing as the second-hand ticks around and around, announcing a new minute every full revolution. I feel the cold leather of the sofa against my bare skin from neck to toe along my 6'3" frame. My penis rests against my stomach, just surpassing my belly button, still in its soft state.
Hearing a sudden sharp knock at the door I quickly rise to attention and make my way towards the door, only remembering I'm naked just as I insert the key into the lock. By this point I've noticed the red uniform through the frosted glass window in the door and I know it's the same post woman from 2 days before. I consider answering the door without any clothes on to see that shocked expression on her face again and see how far I can take it, but instead decide to quickly throw on my dressing gown and take off the belt, dropping it of the floor.
Holding the gown closed at my waist with my left hand, I begin to open the door with my right. A triangle shaped gap in the gown, tapers down from my neck to a point just above the base of my penis. It shows off my toned midriff and v lines that lead directly to my gradually expanding member and makes my state of clothing under the thin material obvious. The gown still conceals my cock, despite the bulge now stretching down my thigh.
With the door now fully open, I closely examine her expression as she takes in the stimuli in front of her.
Her eyes dart from my chest to my bulge before making eye contact which she quickly breaks as her face reddens. I can visibly see the effort she is making to focus on my face rather than gawping at the rest of my body. A nervous giggle escapes the woman's mouth, and she begins to shuffle through her satchel which houses what looks like over a thousand letters. Every third letter she pauses, looks up at my face and slowly drag her eyes downwards towards the bulge under the fabric that must be almost at my knee now. Eyeing my body like a vulture awaiting its next meal. Watching her take my body in only made my member grow more.
Meanwhile I make eye contact with her nipples as they pierce through her uniform. Her large natural looking breasts bounce slightly as she bobs up and down excitedly in front of me. The bouncing action mesmerises me, only making me harden as well as grow in length and girth. Luckily my member hangs down despite my blatant erection due to its heavy front end, making it appear even larger through the fabric, without poking outward through the separation.
After what felt like 5 minutes of her closely examining my bulge and flicking through letters, she finally hands me an envelope addressed to me. I struggle with the envelope for a moment trying to open it with one hand, while the other clasps my gown shut, concealing what the woman before me so desperately desires.
Before long I take my hand off my gown and use both hands to open the envelope. I take out the letter and begin reading. The whole while acting like I haven't noticed that my dressing gown is wide open showing my body off to the postwoman and whoever may be unfortunate enough to walk by.
After a minute or so of reading I look up to her face and take in the same shocked expression I had seen only two days before. Her mouth rounded to a perfect o shape, and eyes wide open taking in all that they could while the opportunity presents itself. I let the moment last as long as physically possible. So turned on at the idea of a stranger seeing me so exposed.
I drop the letter in a facade of embarrassment, pretending like I've only just noticed that she can see my naked body, and make to close to the two halves of my gown together, ensuring to make contact with my engorged penis several times. Watching her eyes track it as it swings back and forth as I try to cover myself up.
Once concealed as before, I apologize several times. To which she responds, "Don't worry, it's perfectly fine, you have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of." A smile escapes her mouth as she finally makes eye contact with me. "It's quite impressive I have to say, you're a lucky man, and if you have a girlfriend, she's a very lucky lady."
In a nonchalant tone, "Oh no lucky lady for me. And besides it's more of a pain than anything else." I run the nail of my forefinger down the shaft to indicate the subject of the conversation. Curving it with my finger further downwards towards the ground so when I reach the end it bounces up in resistance, making ripples in my dressing gown. "It scares most of the women away, so it's not that much of a blessing."
"Don't worry lovely," she says in a suggestive tone, accompanied by a wink. "I'm sure you'll find someone who can accommodate for such a," she pauses as if trying to find the perfect word. "Well for lack of a better word. ENORMOUS COCK!" The shout escapes her mouth, and the embarrassment of her words causes her to turn her head, checking if anyone overheard her. Not that I would mind showing off to even more people if anyone had.
As she turns her head back to me, we make eye contact again, sustained this time, even though we are both red in the face. Almost like we were trying to communicate telepathically, to see if we are thinking the same thing.
I glance down to see her nipples pressing against her thin shirt, desperately wanting to break free made my cock begin to twitch wildly under my gown. Her eyes to dart to my dancing bulge. I can feel the veins pulsing along the length of my shaft while she watches.
Slowly, she brings her left hand up to her crotch, pressing down hard against the fabric of her leggings that show off her curved thighs and ass perfectly. But she hesitates before saying, "I have to go finish this round." Then reaching outward, with the same hand she used to feel herself, she grabs my dick through the dressing gown, about halfway up. Her hand only taking up a quarter of the shafts length (not including the head). Her fingers try to wrap around it but, my impossible girth leaves an inch between her fore finger and thumb. "But don't worry big boy I'll be back." her voice a seductive whisper now as she squeezes my third leg like a constrictor going in for the kill. She looks up to my face, making eye contact. Her hand glides back to the base of my penis before she runs the full length of it through her hand. I make sure she can feel the throbbing in my veins before she lets go.
Somewhere between her grabbing my cock and letting go of it I had released my dressing gown, and now with nothing holding it closed apart from my heavy bulge, it fell open exposing myself for the second time today. She stares it down for the last time and a quiet whisper escapes her mouth, "God that thing is a monster" as she walks away from my front door with a smirk on her face...
The postwoman will return.