Lily drove a gray Prius, had an English bulldog, dressed in workout clothes generally, and drew my attention every time she stepped out of her house from the moment three years ago when she moved into the house across the street from us. She also had a habit of leaving the blinds to her living room open.
Thankfully my wife didn't mention the attractive new neighbor, because I would've either had to admit that I noticed her good looks or lied, which would likely have had the same end result as admitting. Instead I just looked from afar, peeked when I could. I noticed when she would leave from work; when she'd walk Johnny the bulldog; when she'd get home from work; what hours she'd be on the couch walking TV. We met about six months after she moved in when I finally timed my early evening walk with my blue nose pit Hercules. After that we'd smile and wave anytime we saw each other.
About a year ago, my wife was out of town for work, and I was taking advantage of the freedom to really indulge in some porn without feeling rushed. When given the chance, I like to lay a blanket on the bed, set up my laptop, and use a lot of lube and just edge for hours. I can't remember what I was watching before Hercules started barking, but I had to rush upstairs to get him to stop. I ran up the stairs into the living room, cock lubed and still in hand, yelling at Hercules to cut it out. It was a warm spring evening, all the windows were open, and my voice must have carried, because as I approached Hercules at the window I noticed Lily's head jerk towards my house as she walked Johnny.
Now, I have to admit, I've been known to enjoy some exhibitionism from time to time, and I certainly enjoy walking around the house naked and alone, feeling a breeze blow across my skin. But you'll have to believe me when I say I really wasn't trying to be seen naked at that point, and being seen cock in hand was definitely not my preferred approach to keeping Lily on my friendly side. So, feeling like I had no other options, I pretended as best I could to be unaware of her presence and went about calming Hercules as if there were no audience. I got his attention, lured him off the chair by the window, and walked over to close the shades. As I went to close the shades, as I pretended not to know Lily was just across the street, my mind was suddenly even more aware that she was just across the street, and my hand instinctively stroked my dick, feeling the slickness of the lube rub over the tip of my cock. Even more aware now, I went to close the blinds, and risked one last look.
Lily was staring right at me with a smirk on her face.
I walked back downstairs with my heart racing and my legs shaking with adrenaline. She had seen me. Fully naked. Cock hard and in my hand. She had seen my hand sliding up and down my shaft. And just the thought made me thicker and ready to cum.
I said I didn't know what I was watching before Hercules started barking, but I know exactly what I watched that night after the incident. There's a video of an Asian woman at Baker Beach in San Francisco, and while I know it's not Lily, every time I come across it I pretend it's her. This particular night I went into my favorites and cued it up again, this time watching the woman naked except for a hat and sunglasses imagining she's watching me naked at the same time behind those shades. The thought sent me into orgasmic convulsions.
And ever since then, Lily became an obsession.
I timed my walks with Hercules to avoid her for a while, fearful that her face would show something. But eventually we ran into each other again, and bless Lily's heart, she made no mention and showed no indication that she felt the need to say anything about my caught masturbation. She did, however, mention that she had just started on a new at home workout program, because her work gym had closed due to budge cuts. I asked if she worked out before work, but she said she never had the energy first thing in the morning. After a pause, with her eyes straight ahead, she casually said she likes to be as cool as possible when she works out, so she likes to do it late at night with the windows open. I asked if she wasn't too tired after work and worried she would skip the workout. She said no, that she was a night owl. How late will you be working out then, I asked. Oh, around midnight, she said, before saying goodbye and heading straight towards the beach while Johnny and I turned to make our circuit around the block.
Of course I couldn't sleep that night.
So I quietly crawled out of bed and went upstairs to the living room. With the lights off, I stood at the corner of my large picture frame window, and peeked across the street at Lily's house. As usual her blinds were open, along with two of her windows this time. The living room light was off, but the hallway light cast enough light to show her stretching, arms overhead, before bending over into a deep bend. She stood back up, put her arms out at her side, then spread her legs and turned away into a warrior pose. Lily wore black yoga pants and a black sports bra, with her hair tied back in a ponytail. I stood there in my boxers, transfixed. She went through a few more yoga poses before beginning some jumping jacks. After that she dropped below my view, but I could occasionally see her ponytail pup up into view. Pushups I thought. Then she was gone completely, and after a few more minutes I considered giving up on the show.
Just when I planned on heading back downstairs, she reappeared. She walked over to the third window, the one farthest away from the corner of my window. I watched her lift the last window, stick her head out for air, then stand upright with her toned stomach right up against the night air. Then without my even considering it, she slid off her yoga pants, revealing bright red thong panties. She resumed her spot in the middle of the room and began doing burpies.
I was rock hard, and I felt my dick slip out of the slit in my boxers. I stuffed it back inside, but it was just uncomfortable, so instead I slid my shorts off and moved the chair Hercules liked to use to keep an eye on the neighborhood to face Lily's house and sat down, cock in hand, and began jacking off. I was unashamed, I was shameless, I was as turned on as I'd ever been. Lily, with her tight abs, full sized breasts, strong shoulders, was back to doing yoga poses, but this time with her back to me, her ass fully visible surround her red thong. It was round, firm, perfect. I wanted to bite it.
I was allowed freedom to look without any fear of being seen for a while, but the truth is I didn't give a shit. She could look all she wanted as far as I cared. I was fully erect, thick, and I've never been ashamed of my body. I work out regularly, eat mostly well, and can claim to look pretty good for my 40 years on this earth.
Lily turned back around after a few minutes and dropped down into some hamstring stretches before shaking herself loose and walking towards the windows. She lowered the farthest from me first, then the middle. She walked to the third, put her whole body in front of it, and opened the window fully, feeling the night air against her skin.
Then she looked right at me. Not a sweeping look around; not a glance that caught some movement and returned; but a full, straight on look directly to where I sat, my dick wrapped in my hand. Her expression didn't change at all. She just looked right at me, then pulled her sports bra up over her head and dropped her panties. She stood there fully naked for another fifteen seconds or so, the air rushing at her sweaty skin, eyes trained right on me. It was hard to tell from that distance, but my gut told me she was staring directly into my eyes, focusing more on my lustful thoughts than my hand working my cock.
Lily closed the window, then walked backwards towards her couch, her eyes never leaving mine. She climbed backwards up her couch so that her feet were on the seat and her firm ass was on the back with her own back up against her living room wall. She put both her hands to her side, a tripod on the couch, and spread her legs for me to see her whole world. Her pussy was completely waxed or shaved, and even from the distance I could see her glistening with moisture. I wanted to dive between her legs and devour her.
She reached up with her hand and grabbed her breast, and used her other hand to begin rubbing up and down her wet slit. I slid a little lower in my chair, pushed my hips forward a little, raised my dick a little higher. Lily responded by taking her left hand away from her breast and sliding a finger into her pussy while her right hand rubbed her clit. Her eyes closed as she let herself enjoy the feelings. I wasn't sure if I enjoyed the freedom of being able to watch without her eyes on me more or if I preferred the intense eye contact.
I let my boxers drop the rest of the way off my thighs and sat there naked facing Lily. She opened her eyes, and I increased the tempo of my strokes. I could feel my heart beating, and I could feel myself getting closer to orgasm. I didn't want it to end. Lily slowed the rubbing of her clit, then stilled completely. I stopped stroking, hand gripping my cock tight, not sure what move to make or not make. Then, with a grin I could barely see from so far, she took her left hand away from her pussy and raised it up to me. I was motionless, transfixed. She looked frustrated, raised her hand a little more, shook it. Unsure but thinking I knew what she meant, I took my left hand and raised it in return. Lily smiled broadly.
She then took her left middle finger, put it in her mouth, then removed it, all the while looking at me expectantly. When nothing further happened, I let my mind spin for a while, before settling on the only thing I could figure she meant. I put my left middle finger in my own mouth and sucked on it. This was apparently the right thing to do, as Lily smiled broadly, and slid her middle finer right into her ass. Her eyes slowly closed as the finger pushed in, and she opened them to look at me, her eyes telling me what to do. So I did it. I took my moist middle finger and slid it into my asshole facing her window. My ass stretched then clenched on my finger.
This must have been what Lily wanted, because her rhythm increased, her eyes closed, and I began stroking faster to match her. I could see her finger moving in and out of her ass before she added her ring finger as well. With her hole stretched further, she shoved the fingers in a little further, let them be, and began rubbing her clit vigorously. Her motion was a blur from across the street and in the semi-dark. I could feel myself getting closer, but I knew I needed to wait for her orgasm.
The moment it hit her her head threw back, and I could see her abs tighten, then convulse several times. Her fingers slipped out of her ass and grabbed the material of the couch as her body convulsed. I continued stroking, but much more carefully, my eyes staring hard at Lily, willing her to understand how much I liked her naked her body, her freedom, her beauty, her orgasm. When her body finally relaxed, she lowered her head and gazed back to me. It was my turn. Not taking my eyes off her, I began stroking with a regular rhythm. I took my finger out of my ass and pushed my hand up beneath my balls to feel the pressure. Lily slid down to the seat of the couch, but left her legs wide open for me to stare at her clean pussy lips. I could feel it coming, and I mouthed the words "I'm going to cum" Lily nodded, ran her tongue across her lips, and this approval was enough, as I exploded to feel the cum splash up against my left cheek and shoulder, then wave after wave hit me with cum shooting out of my tip.
The comedown was incredible, the swirl of excitement, peace, joy, and anxiousness combining to leave me with a dumb grin on my face. I opened my eyes to see Lily walking towards her window. She raised her blinds fully, leaned forwards, and placed her lips to the windowpane, then walked away giving me a heartachingly seductive view of her swishing hips and juicy booty.