This is the continuing story of M Chan, a very beautiful and sexy older ballerina that I first meet in December of 2007. At which time we formed a sex only relationship. This beautiful lady has told me a number of times how she doesn't want marriage or children because they would only interfere with her sexual exploration, which is fine by me because I am already married to a beautiful Japanese women. M Chan has several male sex partners, all of which have different sexual tastes and perform different sexual acts with her. M Chan and I call her male partners "Boytoys", of which I proudly am one.
My sex tastes with M Chan are mostly having her wear garter belts and stockings, and making her squirt pussy juice until she almost passes out. I also love taking pictures and videos of M Chan performing various sexual acts which I later copy for her to watch, so that she can get very horny and masturbate to when she is not able to get one of her boytoys to provide her with a hard cock to play with.
In my previous chapters, I have written how M Chan likes public sex acts, squirting, swallowing cum, toys, fucking, and anal sex, the last of which I am going to tell you about in this chapter.
In Chapter 2, I told you about fucking M Chan in my car on January 16th, 2008. Our next get together wasn't able to happen until almost two weeks later on January 29th. I was teaching an English class at the local NHK broadcasting studio, and M Chan was taking a wine tasting class in the same building. We were both to finish at about the same time, so we made arrangements to meet in the lobby after our classes were over.
I told you how sexy M Chan is, but I don't think I've mentioned that M Chan loves to dress very classy and sometimes very provocative. She loves having men look at her and have them think about what it would be like to see her naked and maybe put their big, hard cocks into her sexy body.
Well, I finished my class first and was sitting down in the lobby when M Chan came walking down the stairs with two men on each side of her. I was a little nervous that she might have forgotten our meeting and was about to go off with these two men for some fun, but then she brought them both over to me and introduced me as her English conversation teacher, and them as two of her classmates. She excused herself from her classmates and told them that we were going to dinner and having a lesson for the rest of the night, which made me very relieved.
After we were alone in the lobby, M Chan asked if I could stick with her for a moment while she went to her studio in the building to do something. I told her to take her time, and that I would wait, but she took my hand and pulled me along with her. The dance studio at NHK is located at the back of the building on the first floor, kind of out of the way.
As soon as she had the door unlocked, she pulled me inside and attacked me. She started by sucking my tongue into her mouth and sliding hers into mine. This made my cock jump, which she noticed right away.
"You want to fuck me right here, don't you?" M Chan purred into my ear.
"Of course I do, but if we get caught we'll both lose our jobs here." I replied but I didn't care because my cock was doing the thinking.
"I know. I was only teasing you to see if I could get you cock big and hard. I actually want to change and get ready for fucking you later." She laughed.
I don't know why she needed to change. She was wearing a very tight, black pants suit with a low cut blouse which showed a view of the tops of her sexy breasts and a nice sting of white pearls around her smooth neck. But I knew if M Chan was going to change outfits then it was going to be into something to turn me on for our upcoming sexual romp.
She took her bag. "You wait right there, my sexy stud, I'm going to make your eyes pop out when I get back." She said as she disappeared into the dressing room. I stood in the corner, by the dancing mirrors trying to think of other things to take my mind of what I knew was going to be a night to make me blow a big load of cum all over this sexy lady.
It only took about 5 minutes and M Chan opened the door to reveal her mind blowing outfit. I had to start from the feet and work my way up her body because the first thing I noticed were her tight high leather pirate boots with spiked heels, then her black stockings disappearing into a very tight, short, red leather skirt, which showed just a hint of garter belt straps. Next, came a black, almost see-through silk blouse which I could tell that she wasn't wearing a bra underneath because of the buttons that she had not closed up and her hard nipples trying to poke their way out of. Around her sexy white neck she was now wearing a string of black pearls, and her beautiful cock sucking lips were painted red just like the color of her skirt.
All thoughts of other things quickly disappeared from my mind as my cock grew to it's full length and tried to bust out of my pants. M Chan smiled as she said "There's no way you're going to be able to walk with that big, hard thing poking out your pants like that. Let me help, I need an appetizer before dinner anyways." She said as she slipped to her knees in from of me and started to undo my pants and released my fully hard cock.
"There's my big, hard friend." M Chan purred as my cock jumped out of my pants. She started to swallow my cock down her warm, tight throat immediately. I watched as M Chan slowly took all of my cock into her mouth and down her throat until her face was against my stomach. She stayed there for about twenty seconds swallowing the tip of my cock with her throat muscles, which almost made me blow my first load of hot cum down into her tummy. As she slowly backed my saliva covered cock out of her mouth, her sexy red lips looked perfectly delicious coming off my hard cock. When she reached the tip of my now busting cock she flicked her tongue over and around the sensitive head which made me shudder.
"God, this cock tastes so good. How much hot, sticky cum can I get out of you tonight I wonder." M Chan asked my hard, thick cock, before looking up into my eyes. "I'm very horny and would like you to make me cum hard later, but first I want to drink the cum from this cock to fill me up before we go to dinner. Can I have your cum, my sexy foreign boytoy?" M Chan asked like she was drunk on sex.
"Do whatever you wish my sexy little lady, my cock is all yours." I told her as I leaned back against the wall and put my hands up behind my head. I had a great view of everything M Chan was doing in the dance mirrors all around us in the studio.
"I want you to call me slut tonight and your little bitch. I want to feel bad and be treated like your personal little whore. Slap my ass and make me cum with your fucking big cock, Gaigin san." My sex goddess purred from in front of my cock.
If only you could know how it felt when M Chan went to town on my cock. She started to suck my cock down into her throat again, only this time she didn't stop when she bottomed out on my full seven inches, but quickly slide my cock back out of her sexy, wet mouth. She kept doing this, building up speed, covering my cock and balls in her saliva. Then as she reached the base of my cock, after deep throating me for a couple of minutes she lifted up and cupped my tight balls in her tiny little hands, covering them in spit.
Before I knew what was going on she slipped her index finger into and out of my asshole. I almost blew my load then and there, but she seemed to know how to control my cock and stop it from shooting hot, white cum into her beautiful mouth. She took her mouth off my cock and squeezed the base very hard with her hand. She then sucked on the fingers of her free hand covering them in saliva and making them wet and slippery.
I kind of knew what was coming from our previous encounters, but it felt so good that I didn't care what she did, she was in total control of this session. She slowly played around the rim of my asshole, before sliding two of her fingers all the way in to her knuckles, then she started sucking my cock as fast as she could get it to got down into her throat and at the same time she was pumping her fingers in and out of my asshole.
I've never thought of myself as being gay or wanting to be with another man, but having M Chan fuck my tight asshole with her fingers while sucking the shit out of my cock felt heavenly and was pushing me to explode very quickly. "Suck my cock and fuck my ass you hot, little bitch." I moaned. Just when I knew I couldn't hold back my cum any longer M Chan moved her fingers in my ass and pulled my cock back into her mouth.
I started to shoot string after string of hot sticky cum into M's hot, little mouth. My mind was flashing and I couldn't stop pumping cum into her mouth. I don't know how many times my cock shot off, but when I looked down at my sexy little Japanese bitch on her knees in front of me there was cum in her hair, all over her face, and running down over her beautiful black pearls around her neck.
I don't remember her taking her fingers out of my asshole, but my legs couldn't hold my body weight as I slide down to the floor in front of this sex goddess. "That was great. I got lots of cum to drink, but there was so much. I couldn't hold it all in my mouth. You kept shooting cum all over me, I loved it. Do you think after you rest we can make you do it again." M Chan babbled. She was like a kid that found a new toy.
But my mind and body were shot, I didn't know what I could or couldn't do. I needed to rest for a minute before I could get my senses back.
M Chan slowly licked up all the cum that she could reach and cleaned herself and her make up before asking me if I was ready to continue our night. By this time I was back to my old self and getting excited about what else this woman could do to me. M Chan grabbed her full coat, her bag, and my arm and we were off.
NHK is only about 15 minutes from a restaurant called Murasaki, where there are lots of tiny, private eating booths that have their own sliding doors. You call the waitresses with a buzzer when you wish to order something, other then that you are mostly left to on your own.
"I really need to cum after watching you shot cum like that. It was so amazing! I wish I had a glass to catch it all so I could drink it and not waste any. I love your cum, it's thick and creamy with a little salty taste to it." M Chan told me as we walked along. "When we get to Murasaki I got another surprise for you."
Sometimes M Chan can make me a little nervous. I never know what she has planned, but it always comes with either her or I having a great orgasm. She loves doing crazy things in public, but I have to be careful, after all, I am a married man in a town where a lot of people know me.
We got to the restaurant, we settled into a dark corner booth, ordered some food and booze. "I need to go to the rest room for a minute. You'll get your surprise when I get back." M Chan whispered into my ear before giving my cock a gentle squeeze and heading to the ladies room. I called my wife and told her I was doing a private English lesson and that I would be back late. If she wanted she could go on to bed and get a good nights sleep.
My wife didn't mind my teaching private lessons, she always knows that the money I make from private lessons always goes to buying things that she wants or needs.
Just as I shut off my cell phone, M Chan came climbing back into our booth. Her outfit hadn't changed but there was a funny look on her face and her eyes looked a little glazed over like she was stoned on something, but I knew this couldn't be the case because in Japan drugs are a big no-no. As she slide in next to me I could smell the sex coming off her body and her nipples where really pushing out of her blouse.
"I am so fucking horny. I am going to cum hard real soon." M Chan moaned into my ear as she pressed a small plastic box with a couple of switches on it into my hand.
"What's this?" I asked, but I kind of knew what was going on.
"I have a vibrating butt plug in my ass and a vibrating egg in my pussy. They're wireless and that's the control box for both I just gave you." M Chan whispered looking at the tiny box in my hand. "I'm going to cum right here with all these people around and you right next to me helping." M told me with a smile on her ruby red lips.
What could I do? I had a sexy, beautiful lady that needed my help. I studied the box in my hand and found out which switch controlled her butt plug and which controlled her vibrating egg. I also noticed that I could control the intensity of both. I ordered another beer and M got a glass of wine, then we settled down with our little toy and started her towards her explosion.
I slowly increased the vibrations of both, then I started to increase one while at the same time decreasing the other. M Chan was hugging into my arm and quietly moaning behind my back into the booth. She then started licking her tongue in my ear. "I'm close to cumming, I want you to feel it. Put a couple of fingers in my pussy." M groaned.
I reached down and slide my hand up her short skirt and found she wasn't wearing any panties. I could feel her smooth hairless pussy was really wet and that she must be leaking pussy juice all over her skirt and the cushion she was sitting on. I slowly pushed my index and ring fingers into her tight, hot, wet vagina and pushed the vibrating egg up into her G-spot. That did it, M Chan started squirting pussy juice all over my hand and down her leg. I could feel the walls of her pussy squeezing my fingers, the vibrators, and the juices from her pussy were shooting against my hand as if she were peeing herself.
"I'm fucking cummmmming. Oh god! I can't stop squirting. Take your fingers out! Oh shit, stop the vibrators, pleaseeeeee!" M almost cried into my ear. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, this feels so gooood!" When I looked at her face she had her eyes squeezed shut and she was biting her trembling lower lip. I could smell her, she smelt like a juicy wet pussy.
"Let's get out of here." I told her. "You need a big, thick, hard cock in you right now don't you?" I turned on the butt plug again and M Chan's body tensed into another orgasm.
"I want you to fuck me in the ass! I need your cock in my ass! Pleaseeee!" M Chan almost cried into my ear.
I knocked most of my beer over the cushion we were sitting on and the floor to cover M Chan's pussy juices that were everywhere, before summoning the waitress. I apologized for the mess I made and told her my friend wasn't feeling very well and that we needed to go.
"I'll call you a taxi." The waitress said. She actually looked concerned.
"No." M Chan told her. "I need the fresh air, I'll be fine as long as my friend keeps his arm around my waist."
We quickly paid our bill and got ourselves outside into the cool air. M Chan took my hand and lead me to a quiet dark alleyway, where she starting kissing my face, ears and mouth. I shoved my tongue into her mouth and she started sucking on it like it was my cock. I switched both vibrators back on full and again slide two fingers into M's soaking wet pussy. She threw her head back, and starting humping my fingers like they were a big, hard cock.
"I'm goinggg tooo cummmm againnnn! Fuck, here it cums." M moaned a little too loudly, just as she started squirting pussy juice out about four feet into the street. Squirt after squirt shot out while M Chan held onto my neck with her arms while I kept her from falling by holding her up with my fingers still in her pussy. My arm was soaked up to my elbow with her pussy juice.
"FUCK ME IN THE ASS! Fuck me right now. I need your cock in my ass, NOW!" M Chan said almost like she was someone gone crazy. Her eyes were huge and her face looked like she would cry if she didn't get a cock in her right away.
"Not here M, there are too many people around. I know a better place where you can go crazy." I whispered to her.
I switched the vibrators back on to a lower setting just to keep her cumming and to keep her as horny as I knew she now was. I took her hand and pulled her along. When got to the train station we took the escalator up and passed into the East entrance of the station, crossed past Starbucks and the entrance to the platforms, and exited out the West side like two crazy people. I don't know if we got any funny looks, but I didn't care. I had a very horny, very sexy lady, that was continuing to cum.
"Find us somewhere quick, I want your cock in me now. Please FUCK ME!" M Chan almost screamed as we went down the escalator and back out the West side of the station. The West side of the station in our city is the quiet side. Not so many people and lots of quiet hide away places to fuck.
I took her to this little temple that was close to the station where it was very dark and back from where people walked by. She could moan and groan all she wanted here, no one would bother use, or so I hoped.
As soon as we reached the steps of the temple I turned M around and leaned her back onto the temple steps. I then got on my knees and went to lick that delicious wet pussy that I know would taste so good. I licked from the bottom of her pussy lips up until I hit her clit. I could feel her pussy and ass contracting on the vibrators, which I knew were still making her cum.
"Lick my clit, make me squirt again, pleaseeee!" M Chan groaned.
I slowly licked the juices coming out of her beautiful pussy into my mouth as I moved up to her sensitive clit. I knew she was going to cum really hard when I sucked her love button into my mouth.
"Lick me, Lick me, MAKE ME CUM!" M Chan almost sang.
As I sucked her little clit into my mouth and started to tongue it hard M Chan's body seemed like it had gone into seizures. Her ass was bouncing around, she didn't know what to do with her hands and all she kept saying was "I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMMING, I'M CUMMMMMING! Oh FUCK I'M CUMMMING SO HARD, I'M GOING TO SQUIRT AGAIN!"
I quickly pulled my mouth off her pussy, pushed two of my fingers into her quaking pussy and then really starting to hammer her G-spot with my fingers and the vibrating egg that was still in her. Her first squirt shot up in the air about ten feet and it looked like her pussy was going to turn inside out. She kept squirting her pussy juice all over the two of us for about two minutes. The only thing that kept coming out of her mouth was "JESUSSSSSSSSSS!, FUCKING JESUS!". It looked like she was about to pass out and she was shaking all over.
My cock was ready to explode at this sight. I pulled my pants and underwear off as quick as I could, rolled a condom on my super hard cock, and pulled the butt plug out of M Chan's asshole. I then turned her over onto her knees, and spit into her asshole to lube it some. Then I positioned the head of my member against M's brown hole and sank my big, hard, fat cock into the tight hottest hole my cock as ever been in. I sank all seven inches of my cock into M Chan's ass as far as I could go.
"Too big! TOO BIG!" M Chan screamed. "Your cock is so big in my ass. Go slow, please go slow. It hurts a little. Your cock is much bigger then any other cock I've taken in my ass. Most of my Japanese boytoys have smaller cocks. I need to get use to your size. Wait a minute and then pull out slowly and stop just before you get to the end."
I did as instructed, this was my first time and I didn't want to spoil it by hurting my little fuck slut. M reached for her bag and pulled out a tube of oil. "Rub this all over your cock and into my asshole." M Chan told me. I pulled all the way out of her and did as I was told.
"You sit down on the steps and I'll fuck your big, hard cock into my asshole in the reverse cowgirl position. That way I can control the speed and how deep you go." M Chan told me. "Lay back and enjoy, but let me know when you are close to cumming."
M Chan took my oiled up cock into her tiny hand and slowly eased the head of it back into her very tight ass. It felt amazing, so hot and so tight. Nothing like I've ever felt before. Just thinking about what we were doing was making me want to cum so hard. I had to make it last, so as M Chan slowly sank down on my hard cock I started to pinch and pulled on her hard nipples under her blouse. Her skirt was now around her waist. Her garter belt, black stockings and boots were the only things covering her lower body. It was about 2 degrees about freezing but we didn't care. Ours bodies were making lots of our own heat. M Chan loves having her nipples pinched and pulled, they are very sensitive. The more I played with her nice round tits the more M fucked herself onto my hard cock.
"Play with my tits. Pinch my nipples, that's it. Fuck this feels so good. I'm going to cum again soon." M Chan moaned as she started to speed up and really fuck my cock into her tight little ass. This time it was my turn to groan as M Chan turned the vibrating egg in her pussy up to full power.
"Fuck my big, hard cock into that tight little ass of yours my sexy little slut. That's it bitch fuck that ass up and down on my cock. You like a big hard cock in your tight little asshole don't you slut." I moaned as I slapped M's beautiful white ass cheeks.
"Slap my ass! I'm you bitch. Drive your big, hard cock into your horny little Japanese slut. FUCK IT FEELS SOOOO GOOOD!" M Chan cried as she started to really drive her ass up and down on my stiff rod.
Every time my cock slammed into M Chan's tight ass the head of my cock would rub against the vibrating egg in her pussy.
"FUCK MY ASS! FUCK MY ASS! FUCK MY ASS!" M Chan kept repeating over and over again. I knew she was close to cumming again and I wasn't far behind her.
When I slipped one of my hands down to her wet pussy and starting to really rub her clit hard and fast, that's when M Chan lost it.
"FUCK JESUS! OH FUCK ME, I'M CUMMING! I'M FUCKING CUMMING!" M Chan screamed so loud that I knew someone somewhere had to hear us. She started squirting pussy juice straight up into the air again and most of it came back down on top of us.
"FUCK IT BITCH, FUCK THAT COCK HARD YOU HORNY SLUT!" I groaned. I knew talking to M like this was really turning her on and I have to admit I was enjoying the dirty talk as well.
I knew I was going to shoot my load any second, and I think M Chan knew also. She jumped off my cock, turned around and pulled the condom off, she got on her knees just as I starting blasting shots of cum into her face and hair. My first shot hit her on the left cheek, the second went all over her hair, before she got her mouth around my pulsating, shooting cock.
"This tastes so good. Give me more, give me more. I love your cum! I LOVE YOUR COCK!" M Chan was moaning as she rubbed my cock around her face and smeared my cum all over herself.
That's when I noticed a small Japanese business man who seemed to be a little drunk in the shadows masturbating like mad while watching us. I tapped M Chan on the shoulder and told her to look.
"More cum for me?" M Chan seemed to ask. She indicated that the man should come over to where we were and that she wasn't embarrassed or anything. As he drew closer I could see M Chan licking her lips and rubbing her clit.
"Yes, I get to drink more cum." M Chan told me. "I hope you don't mind."
"Go for it, bitch. I love when you act like a slut." I told her.
The poor business man, he was no match for my sexy little slut. M Chan pulled his small cock into her mouth and sucked him deep for about twenty seconds before he started to groan and shot cum into her mouth. After which he quickly pulled up his pants and ran away to the station.
M turned back to me with the cutest smile on her face. "I loved tonight! How you made me feel like a whore, calling me slut and bitch. Slapping my ass as you fucked the shit out of my corn hole. Then letting me drink that fuckers cum. His cock was kind of small and he didn't have as much cum to give me as you did. It just all made me feel so dirty! I was so turned on. I'm going to masturbate and cum for a long time thinking about tonight, thank you, Jkun." M Chan moaned as she turned to kiss me.
M Chan pulled the vibrating egg out of her soaking wet pussy, and we cleaned everything up before starting to tidy ourselves up. We were a complete mess. You could smell the sex coming off us. We were soaked with M Chan's pussy juice. We were completely beat, there was no more energy left in either of us.
I walked M Chan back towards the station looking for a taxi to take my sexy little slut home. I kissed M Chan good night and gave her ass one last squeeze as she rubbed my now very soft cock good night. Then the taxi driver opened the rear door from inside the cab. As M Chan turned to get in she looked and winked at me saying very quietly, "Maybe I can suck the cab driver's cock for some more cum when he gets me back to my place."
My sexy little Japanese slut made my cock jump again.
When I got back to my place I threw all my clothes into one of my sport's bags so I could waste it later when my wife wasn't around. Jumped in the shower, crawled into bed and was asleep in less then 5 minutes.
I still masturbate frequently thinking of what we did that night. This lady was opening my eyes to sex that I never thought possible, a little risky, but hotter then anything I would ever try with my wife. Even suggesting some of the things M Chan was getting me into was out of the question with my wife. My wife loves having her asshole licked and fingered but will never let herself try a dildo or my cock in her ass. She also cums really hard, but won't let herself go and squirt.
M Chan is my slut, my bitch, my whore to experiment on and act out my fantasies with. Or am I her toy to play with? Either way, M Chan had many more adventures for us, but our third date was probably one of the craziest. I'll let you be the judge.