I was sitting in a bar on a date with Dave when I noticed Dan at the bar. I told Dave I was going to go and talk to him, and walked over and suggested he come and say "hi". The barmaid seemed sweet on him, and he seemed to want to try and chat her up, but I managed to get him to come over.
"Hi Dave," he said, "how's it going? I haven't seen you since Steve and Hannah's wedding."
I kicked him in the ankle, as I didn't want him to mention anything about the time I'd spent with him after.
"I'm fine, thanks," Dave said, and suggested he join us.
"I'm actually with some friends," Dan said, pointing out his friends at the pinball table.
"I didn't realize you were a pinball wizard," Dave said.
"I'm not," Dan said, "that's why I chat up the barmaids."
I knew it!
"Don't you have a girlfriend then?" Dave asked him.
"Not at the moment," Dan said. "There's this chick I see from time to time, and let me tell you, she's fucking crazy."
I just knew he was talking about me, so I gave him a look.
"Really?" Dave asked, "how so?"
I wished he'd just drop it and talk about something else, but Dan seemed to relish talking about me.
"She's a bit of an exhibitionist," Dan said, "and she really likes dick. You wouldn't believe the things I've watched her do."
Dave thought this sounded funny, and hugged me, "I don't know if I could deal with somebody like that. I'm so lucky I have you, my dear."
"Yeah," Dan said, "maybe I should get a real girlfriend for a change."
I wanted to finally put a nail in the coffin of this topic, so I asked Dan to help me get the next round of drinks.
"Sure," he said, "I'll go and see if the guys want anything."
He walked over to the pinball table and chatted to the guys there for a minute or so, then they waved at me and he came over to the bar and said the guys were fine. Whatever.
The barmaid he'd been trying to chat up came over and smiled at him, and took our order. I smiled back at her, like we didn't both know what was going on here.
Dan looked me up and down in his appraising way.
"I didn't realize this was date night," he said, "I'll just drink my Coke here at the bar and let you two get back to it."
I told him I was hoping to run into him.
"Really?" he asked. "Are you wearing panties?"
I was.
"Then you weren't hoping to see me, you were going out with Dave."
"Do you want me to take them off?" I asked.
"Sure."
I went to go to the ladies' room, but he stopped me. He wanted me to take them off here! I faced the bar and undid a button on my dress and reached through to start pulling my panties down. I couldn't get a good hold of them, so I undid another and managed to get them over my hips. Then it was just a matter of wiggling them further down. When they got down to my knees, I bent down and took them to the floor, stepping out of them.
I reached up to Dan to stand up straight, with my panties bunched up in my hand, and he took them as he helped me up.
The barmaid arrived with the drinks, and we took them back to Dave.
They chatted for a bit before Dave excused himself to the men's room.
"I think you should take off your bra, and undo a couple of buttons on that dress," he said.
"I'm not sure that's a good idea," I said, just as Dave got back and sat down.
"Well," Dan said, "I should probably leave you lovebirds to it and get on home."
Fine, I'll do it. Asshole.
"Don't be silly," I said, "I almost never get to see you. Let me just go and powder my nose, and we'll get another round in."
I grabbed my purse and headed off to the ladies room, where I unbuttoned most of my dress so I could easily get my bra off. I put it in my purse, and redid the buttons, leaving two undone at the top. I checked myself out in the mirror, and it didn't look too slutty. Maybe I could pull this off.
When I got back, Dave noticed the buttons.
"You've got a couple of buttons undone."
I said it was just hot in there. Dan, of course, said it looked great and said, "maybe you should undo a couple more buttons."
I knew he was trying to see if I'd break. I undid another button at the top. Any more, and Dave would know I'd taken my bra off.
In the flow of the conversation, I managed to lean forward a little and undo the bottom button on my dress.
"Let's get another drink," I said, grabbing the empty glasses from the table and heading to the bar.
Luckily Dan followed me and stood next to me while we waited.
That damned barmaid came right over, as Dan was feeling my front. We ordered, while Dan undid the buttons over my pussy, reaching in to rub my clit a couple of times. I pulled his hand out and did the buttons up again.
Our drinks arrived, and we carried them over to the table. Dave said he'd like to go and watch, and maybe even play, pinball. We all got up and wandered over to the guys. Dan introduced them to Dave, and stood and watched them play. I decided I wanted to play, and show Dan, so I excused myself and went to the men's room. There was nobody there, so I staked out a stall and took my dress off, hanging it on the hook. I rushed out and took a quick selfie in the middle, then went back into the stall and locked the door. I texted the picture to Dan, and sat down to wait.
I heard the door open, and peeked out. It was a couple of guys I didn't know, so I quietly closed the door again. The door opened again, and I heard somebody washing his hands at the sink - the other two were still at the urinals, so I peeked out again, and it was Dan. I saw him see me, so I left the door unlocked and backed away to let him in.
As he locked the door, I gave him a hug, then sat down on the toilet and unbuttoned his jeans. I managed to pull them down enough to get my cock out, and went down on him. He didn't last long, cumming in my mouth. I tucked his cock back in his jeans, and redid the buttons.
As a sign of gratitude, he grabbed my dress and stepped out, leaving the door open! He was standing by the sink, and there were a couple of guys in there. Screw him - I opened the door and walked over.
"Can I have my dress back?"
The guys turned and saw me standing there in just stockings.
"Hello boys," I said, using the distraction to get my dress back and put it on. They just stood there, staring at me as I buttoned it up. I washed my hands, checked my lipstick, and we left. I went back to the table we'd been sitting at, and Dan joined me there.
After a short while, Dave came back over and sat down by me.
"I'm glad you're here," he said to Dan, "you're one of her best friends. We've been talking about getting married."
I must have looked shocked!
"I'm very happy for the both of you - congratulations!" Dan said. Fucker.
"I didn't think we were talking about any time soon," I said to Dave. Sure, we'd talked about it.
"I think I should leave you two to talk about this, but good on you both. Let me know when the wedding is, and maybe I'll even attend," Dan said, and went back to his friends at the pinball table.
We left, and headed back to my place to have it out. Having another man's cum in my belly, I agreed to marry Dave. He's kind and dependable, and maybe it's time I was putting all the debauchery behind me anyway. Right?