He could see through me, as if my skin was a windowpane, his eyes searching deeply into my troubled thoughts. I knew that I wasn't normal. I knew I wasn't like the other girls. They were so focused on the upcoming dance competition and spoke of little else. I never felt the way that they did. I danced because I had nothing better to do, but there was a longing inside of me that I didn't understand. There was a craving, a hunger for something deeper that I never could seem to find until I finally found it.
I used to sit on my windowsill and look outside. I watched the neighborhood children riding bikes and then sitting on the curb to play video games on the phones that they were much too young to have if you asked me. My childhood had been different. I had been sheltered. I had never been allowed to play outside.
The man at the end of the street was outside washing his car. I liked the way he looked and I thought that he was handsome. I knew that he was married or at the very least he had a girlfriend. She was a young, black girl with a different Louis Vuitton purse for every day of the week. They didn't seem to have children but I wondered if they were happy together and I wondered if she would be angry at me for checking out her man as he soaped up his G-Wagon.
I pressed my hands against the glass, my nipples pert and ready for the action I was never going to get. I was shy, reserved, and hapless when it came to attracting men. Most people assumed I was a lesbian, but I wasn't. I wanted a man of my own so badly but it never seemed to happen. I was a virgin at twenty-three and I knew it wasn't because I was ugly. I'd been approached to do modeling many times but I never felt comfortable in front of a camera.
I was just socially challenged, too shy to say things to people, even when it was my turn to talk. I pressed my nose to the glass. He couldn't see me from where he was standing, at least I didn't think he could. Even if he could, why would he even notice me? He was toweling off his G-Wagon and I watched his muscles contract and release. I felt my pussy respond. My fingers went into my cotton shorts and found my clit. I rubbed myself as he finished by spraying something on his wheels.
I wondered if I would ever talk to him. I thought about what I would say, the way he would look into my eyes and decide that I was better than his girlfriend or wife, or whatever she was. I thought about his arms wrapping around me, his kiss and all the things he would do to me if I was his lover. I came hard, my fingers rubbing my clit faster and faster until I found my release. I let out a scream of pleasure knowing I was alone. I stood up when I was done and gave him one last look but he wasn't anywhere to be found. He must have gone inside. I was sorry that I had missed his walk back into the house. He had such a nice ass.
The doorbell rang suddenly and I was shocked. No one ever came to my house. I figured it was probably a delivery as I made my way down the stairs. I opened the door and gasped. It wasn't a delivery guy. It was my guy! It was "G-Wagon guy" from down the street standing right in front of me. I wish I could have said something but I froze. I wasn't good at talking to people and my anxiety was mounting by the second.
"Hi there. I saw you watching me from the window and I was hoping maybe we could talk?" He looked so rugged and perfect. His shirt was still off, his rippling muscles taunting me with their perfection. I counted his abs, noting that he had the elusive 8-pack that so many women went crazy for. I had just cum but I definitely was already horny again. His eyes were dark as he looked me over. "What's your name?"
"Elizabeth," I mumbled.
"What is it?"
"Elizabeth," I repeated this time a bit louder.
"I'm Todd," he reached his hand out to shake mine. I should have said something but I just stood there in the doorway with my mouth open, unable to formulate a single word. I reached my hand out and was shocked by what I felt when our hands touched. He paused as if he felt it too. "It's nice to meet you, Elizabeth." He paused, waiting for me to say something. When I didn't, he continued,
"So are you going to invite me in?" He smiled warmly,
"Of course, come in!" I opened the door wider and ushered him inside. "I'm sorry I'm not normally this rude I just wasn't expecting..." I trailed off as he looked over the house.
"Do you live alone?" he asked.
"No, I live with my parents. They let me stay here rent-free and I'm in college so it's nice that I have that option."
"Where are your parents now?"
"At work."
"Oh, okay so we are alone then?"
"Well...yeah." I realized how scared I was that we were alone together. I hadn't ever been this close to a man that I was attracted to. Things were happening to my body that had never happened. I could feel my heartbeat increasing. I was sweating. I had a thirst inside of me that I recognized as lust. I wanted Todd inside of me, even though I had no idea what that meant. I just knew that I wanted it.
"So tell me why you are always watching me from your window. I always feel you watching and I look up, and there you are, pressed against your window watching me. Is there something you want, something I can help you with?"
"N-n-n-no..." I stammered, not knowing what to say. I knew he was flirting with me but I had never really flirted back with a man before. I knew that I was shy and that I needed to come out of my shell but it was always like this. I always froze up and the guy always gave up and left, never looking back.
"Are you sure?" he took a step toward me, his big arms reaching out toward me. He grabbed me by the shoulders and steadied me. "You don't want this?" He leaned in and kissed me, his mouth covering mine with his. I had kissed a few guys in my young life, but no kiss had been like this one. I could feel the pleasure of it from my head to my toes. Chills ran up my arms and to my neck, where the tiny hairs stood on end. I was in bliss and so I opened my mouth and I gave myself over to him.
I let him kiss me right there in the entryway, knowing that no one from the outside world could see. I had a man kissing me and it felt so fucking good. Now, if only I could get him to have sex with me. I wanted that more than anything. I had never had sex but I knew that it was what I wanted. I had been craving sex and thoughts of a cock filling me had entered my mind almost every time I touched myself in my bed at night. I would cum thinking about a man who came into my bedroom, sneaking past my parents so he could get to my young pussy. I would open my legs for him and tell him it was okay, that I liked getting fucked.
I wanted this to be that moment for me and so I grabbed Todd's hand and led him upstairs to my room. He paused as we passed the window and looked toward his house. He smiled as he ran his hand along the windowsill that I sat on so often.
"So this is your view. I can see why you are always looking in my direction. Your window is set up so you can spy on the whole neighborhood."
"Yeah, I guess it is," I blushed, wondering what he thought of me. I was definitely a voyeur, watching him whenever I could. I wondered what his girlfriend would think of what was about to happen, but I wasn't about to get all moral. I needed to lose my virginity and Todd was the perfect guy.
He went back to kissing me and I thought that he would take me to the bed, but instead, he moved me to the windowsill and sat me down. He pulled my shorts off and spread my legs so he could see my pussy. He looked up at me, his eyes sexually charged before he tenderly licked my clit for the first time. I let out a noise as his tongue began to dance all over my clit, working sounds from me that I had never made before. He lifted me slowly toward my orgasm, teasing me until I was begging him to keep going.
"Please..."
"How about sex?"
"Okay!" I was excited. This was the moment of truth. Todd took off his clothes, leaving me waiting with my legs open, my dripping wet pussy ready for what was finally about to happen. He helped me out of my shirt and I wasn't thinking about where I was. I was only thinking about Todd and how this was the moment I had been waiting for. He spread my legs further open as he took his position between them.
"You ready?" I looked at his thick cock. It looked a lot like many of the cocks I'd seen on the internet. Plenty of men had sent me dick pics but this was the first time I was seeing a penis in real life. It was merely touching my pussy and I was already howling with pleasure. He worked it slowly inside and I hoped that there wasn't some way that he could tell that I was a virgin. His cock was inside of me! I was actually doing it! I was having sex.
"Oh my God!" I moaned as the sensations of pleasure washed over my young body. I gripped the window ledge with both hands as he pulled my hips down, my pussy sliding over his thick dick. I was overwhelmed with pleasure, my body and brain moving in different directions. I wasn't sure what which way was up or down anymore as my body began to move in ways that I had no control over.
I could hear my screams reaching a fever pitch. I felt as if I might expode as another orgasm gripped me deeply. I let the convulsions play out as I began to slide off of the windowsill. Todd held me up, laughing a bit as I lost control of myself. He pulled his cock out of me and grabbed me underneath my arms to pull me up. He turned me around and pressed me up against the window.
"No, Todd! Everyone can see!"
"That's the point."
"But I don't want everyone to see!"
"Well, you're always spying on everyone else. Maybe now it's time for everyone to see what you really are up to over here in this window. Huh?" He grabbed my hips, pushing my body further into the window. I could feel the glass against my nipples and the hardness of his erection as it slid inside of me. I was so fucking wet, the thoughts of the entire neighborhood witnessing me losing my virginity coursing through my thoughts like a drug. I had never felt so alive as he pounded my pussy harder and faster.
I felt like a complete and total slut and there was something about it that was freeing. I felt like I was doing the things that I had always wanted to do. I was finally having sex and I had found a sexy guy to lose my virginity to. I was lucky and I realized that maybe I shouldn't be fucking Todd in the window like that but I couldn't stop myself from taking his thick cock. I screamed as my entire body tensed and then exploded into a whole new universe for me. I had never felt so free, so pure, so ever-expanding. I had given myself to Todd and he was taking me, fucking me raw and using me for the entire neighborhood to see.
I screamed, knowing that this orgasm was the biggest one of my life. I let it engulf me, leaving my body limp and broken as Todd smashed me up against my own bedroom window. I opened my eyes fully and looked out onto the street. No one seemed to be watching. Could it really be that I was getting the shit fucked out of me for everyone to see and no one was actually watching? I was stunned for a moment before I came again, this time not caring anymore. If no one was watching, then I was going to enjoy this moment for all that it was worth.
I screamed, pressing my tits up against the window and sticking my ass out to meet his cock. He pounded me hard and fast, the way a guy fucks a whore, not a virgin. I was happy I hadn't told him I was a virgin. This way, I got to experience what real sex was like right away. I was making the most out of my first time when he grabbed my hair. He pulled my hair so hard that my whole head strained, my neck painfully pulled backward. I screamed loudly, my screams mostly choked out by the angle of my neck. I felt something release. There was wetness running down my legs.
"Did you just squirt?" Todd asked.
"I think so..."
"That's so fucking hot! I'm going to cum!" I could hear him moaning and I was getting my first load of cum delivered deep into my pussy. I was on the pill. I'd been waiting for a guy to fuck me for so long and I was glad that I was prepared. I took his load of cum up inside of me as if I was just another normal girl. I was certain he would never guess that I'd been a virgin. He pulled out of me, his cock still dripping a bit.
I looked down at the street and saw that the black girl that was his girlfriend looking up at my window. She had never looked up at me before and I wondered if she had seen what Todd and I had just done.
"I think your girlfriend saw us!" I exclaimed.
"My girlfriend?"
"Yeah, the black girl that lives with you!"
"Oh, that's my cousin, Stephanie."
"Your cousin? How is she related?" I asked skeptically.
"She's literally my cousin. People have interracial relationships, you know?"
"I thought she was your girlfriend this whole time," I tied to explain.
"You think I would be up here fucking you if I had a girlfriend?"
"Well, a lot of men cheat..." I tried to explain.
"I'm not a cheater. I've been checking you out for some time. You're always looking hot in that window."
"I am?"
"Yeah. I love that you like watching people."
"I do enjoy that."
"I also enjoy watching you back."
"You do?"
"Yes, but what I love even more is what we are doing right now. I love kissing you, holding you, fucking you. Can we do it again?"
"Maybe not in the window. That made me nervous."
"You didn't seem very nervous. I seem to recall you cumming pretty hard." He paused to kiss me and there wasn't much I had to say. I wasn't going to argue with him. I had just fucked him for the first time and I was about to do it again. I hoped that maybe Todd would be my boyfriend now that I knew he was single but I didn't want to be one of those virgin girls that just assumed that the first sex she had was the best and jump straight into a relationship. I also knew that if Todd wanted to date me that I would say yes. I hadn't thought that it was a possibility, but now that I knew it was, it was all that I wanted.
I truly hoped that Todd and I would not only start dating but that we would have lots and lots of good sex. I would probably even let him fuck me in front of my window again. I had to admit, it had really turned me on. I wondered what all of my dance friends would think of me if they knew what I had just done. The thought of doing it again had my pussy wet and Todd was looking at me like he was about to fuck me all over again. Finally, the craving I had been searching to quell had been satisfied. Finally, the things I had been searching for had come into focus. Finally, I was the lucky girl who was getting fucked by a really sexy man instead of the one on the sidelines watching. Maybe there was hope for me.