The story so far: Lisa has helped her exhibitionist friend Becky pull off a fake forced streak at their campsite, but although this was successful for Becky it backfired on Lisa and she was forced to streak herself in revenge. Every cloud has a silver lining though, and Lisa ended up going to bed with a young man she had met at the campsite and finally losing her virginity...
Chapter 17 -- Going Home
Lisa left Ross sleeping in his tent. They'd dozed for a little while, nude in each other's arms, but she'd awoken soon after.
It was late now. Or early morning, Lisa wasn't sure. Awkwardly she scrambled out of the tent, the cold night air a sudden shock on her bare skin. There hadn't been space in the tent to dress without waking her paramour. Quickly she pulled on the hoody she'd been wearing, hoping there had been nobody around to witness her undignified exit -- but all was still and quiet.
The hoody was long enough to cover her modesty and so she gathered up the rest of her clothes and tiptoed as best she could along to her and Becky's tent.
Becky was still awake when she opened the tent flap. Her friend was nude, of course -- she never seemed to wear anything to sleep in these days -- but was wrapped up in her sleeping bag to keep warm.
She grinned when she saw Lisa, and grinned wider when she saw how she was dressed.
"I knew it!" she exclaimed. "You went off with that Ross, did you go all the way with him?"
Lisa nodded, smiling, as she closed the tent flap behind her. Becky squealed and sprang up, enfolding her friend in a big naked hug.
"Oh my God," she exclaimed, "Lisa finally lost her 'V-plates'!"
The next few minutes were filled with questions from her more experienced friend. Lisa burrowed into the sleeping bag, discarding the hoody again, for once unselfconscious about being nude in Becky's equally undressed company. She was too tired to try to find her night clothes in the dark, she wanted to sleep, but Becky wasn't going to let her do that any time soon. She wanted to know all the details, and it was a good hour later when Lisa finally closed her eyes and slept.
--
One slightly hungover packing session later, the two girls were ready to leave the campsite and make their way back home.
They'd awoken late, with Lisa's head throbbing. She hadn't drunk that much, had she? Although she always had the worst luck with hangovers, it would only take a couple of beers to make her wake up in the morning with a sore head.
They'd packed their stuff as best they could. With it being their final few hours on the campsite -- and with the nearby lads now fully aware that Becky was a bit of a weirdo who would engineer a prank on herself to deprive her of clothes in public -- Lisa noticed her friend seemed no longer to be quite so concerned about what she was or wasn't wearing and had stepped out of their tent in the nude a couple of times before finally putting clothes on, at one stage even going on a little walk and giving a few surprised campers an eyeful.
Now though both girls were fully dressed, their tent back in its bag and their backpacks all ready to go.
Lisa left Becky with the bags and went over to the lads campsite. When the boys saw her, there were a few grins and some nudges. Clearly they'd noticed one of their number hadn't been alone in his tent last night and although to Lisa Ross hadn't seemed like the type to brag she doubted he'd have been coy and shy about it either.
In the event she found him kicking a ball about with another boy. When his friend saw her approach, he made a discreet exit, and the two were alone together.
"Morning," he said, and Lisa smiled back. For a moment there was silence between them.
"About last night..." he began, but Lisa stopped him.
"No," she said. "There's no 'about last night' conversation happening now. We're not doing that.
"I had," she continued, "a really nice time last night. All of it. So did you. I don't think it needs further discussion, especially not for us to have a really awkward conversation about it of the sort men and women have been having since the concept of casual sex was invented."
Ross grinned. "Fair enough. I wasn't sure what to make of it when I woke up and you'd left."
"How about, I wanted to sleep in my own tent which didn't smell of sweaty boy and sexy times?"
He laughed. "Again, fair enough. Given the choice I wouldn't want to sleep in a tent with sweaty boy smell either. If it wasn't for your mate, I'd have come in with you."
Lisa laughed. "She probably wouldn't have minded. She'd probably have been happy to have another person to act as her audience."
Ross wrinkled his nose. "Yeah," he said, "she's a one. What's the story with her, really I mean?"
Lisa sighed. "She's an exhibitionist," she confessed. "She sort of... gets off on people seeing her naked."
He raised an eyebrow. "Well," he said.
"Yeah."
"And what about you?"
"Oh, compared to her I'm completely normal. No weird kinks here, me."
"Pity," he laughed. "No, what I meant was, you helped her, you took her clothes. You made it so she had to run about naked in front of us all. Do you often get involved with her in stunts like that?"
"Kind of, yeah. She's sort of a nudist too, and, well, I'm the only person she's ever told this stuff too. She isn't harming anyone. She just wants to be free to be herself. I feel like I should help her do that."
Ross was quiet for a moment. "You're a good mate to her," he said eventually. "I'm glad she's got someone like you. But just be careful. Make sure she's not putting you into something you don't want to be in. You ended up having to streak the campsite yesterday, yes because Steven's a dick but also because your mate created that situation when she had you nick her clothes in the first place."
"I know," Lisa conceded. "But, she's not taking advantage of me. It's a weird thing, I get that. I wouldn't expect anyone else to understand it. But it works for us."
--
She'd kissed Ross goodbye, a proper kiss, not a discrete peck on the cheek from two people resigned to parting as 'just friends'.
She wasn't sure she'd see him again, she'd hopefully be off to uni in September, and Ross of course was going into the RAF, so it might be their paths just never crossed any more. But neither of them had been quite keen to just say "that's that", either. They'd got all sorts of ways to keep in touch. Lisa was quite keen to try 'sexting', for one. Taking some naughty pictures to send to a cute boy in the armed forces seemed like a fun prospect.
Becky had also said goodbye to her various ardent admirers. She'd not paired off with any of them, leaving them all disappointed and heartbroken.
Lisa wondered about this. Becky was far more experienced with boys than she was, she'd had sex for the first time when they were 15 and she'd had several boyfriends since then. Indeed, there had been a long spell in the past few years where Becky had rarely been without a guy.
But since breaking up with her last boyfriend, Ryan, almost a year ago, Becky hadn't so much as kissed another boy.
At first, Lisa had put it down to having been hurt badly by her break up with Ryan (even though it hadn't seemed particularly traumatic). Then she just figured maybe Becky was bored of dating and relationships for a while.
Now though she was beginning to wonder if it wasn't something else. The growing importance to Becky of her nudist lifestyle and exhibitionist tendencies was a sign that whatever else she was, her friend was certainly not a conventional 18-year-old woman. But could it be that her strangeness was actually making her reluctant to connect with others in the more normal sense, or even making it difficult for her?
Maybe she didn't want a boy in her life if it meant addressing how her nudism and her exhibitionism would affect him? Lisa was the only person she'd shared this side of herself with, after all -- maybe she didn't want anyone else to know, and if she started dating someone she would have to tell them?
Not for the first time, Lisa found herself thinking about where this strange journey she and her friend were on would end up.
Chapter 18 -- At the Movies
The summer rolled on, and something resembling normality returned to Lisa's life -- well, as normal as it could get for someone whose best friend couldn't seem to manage to keep her clothes on for very long.
But on that front, things did calm down a little. Both Lisa and Becky began to pick up some part time work -- Becky waitressed in a café, while Lisa got some shifts at the local supermarket. The need for Becky to go out and associate with people who weren't aware that she was a nudist, let alone an exhibitionist, seemed to Lisa to have something of a calming influence on her. Oh, when she called round to Becky's house when her mum was at work Becky was still usually naked, and she still sometimes stripped off when the two girls were out walking in the countryside. But there had been no more incidents of crazy dares or other 'indecent exposures', and with Lisa's two brothers now both off school for the summer too, Becky was finding it best to keep herself covered up at Lisa's house as well as out in public.
Indeed, things began to feel so much calmer that Lisa began to wonder if she might be 'over' Becky. She no longer felt her pulse quicken quite so much when her friend would answer the door of her house to her nude, and found she could largely concentrate on things other than Becky when the two were hanging out and Becky was au naturel.
Of course, she still fantasised a little, still felt a tingle of excitement, particularly when she recalled that she alone was seeing this side of Becky. None of their other friends was aware that Becky preferred nakedness, whenever they were in a larger group she was careful not to even mention it, and wore the same nice, fashionable and flattering clothes she had always done. Only Lisa knew the truth about her, only Lisa had seen the side she called her true self, and Lisa couldn't help but feel somewhat special as a result. There was an intimacy to seeing Becky walking around with no clothes on and knowing that she wasn't this way with anyone else, even her own mother, and that was still a little intoxicating to Lisa.
Becky wasn't the only figure in Lisa's fantasies, though, at least for a little while following the end of their holiday. She and Ross had kept up a correspondence by text message and Snapchat since parting at the campsite, and she'd enjoyed the thrill of sending him some very risqué pictures of the sort she had never imagined she would ever take of herself. True to form, of course, Becky was enjoying a role as something akin to "sex coach" and had some very frank and forthright suggestions for the sort of pictures Lisa could send. Mercifully for Lisa, she didn't actually demonstrate these ideas herself -- as she was once again naked at the time, it could have resulted in Lisa getting more than a little hot under the collar!
Lisa realized she did enjoy the thrill of posing intimately for a private snap to Ross, and although she wasn't exactly reduced to a quivering ball of desire by the times when he returned the favour, she had to admit, it was flattering to see the effect he was claiming her pictures were having on a certain part of his anatomy...
As the weeks had rolled on, though, Lisa had found both their enthusiasms waning slightly. They were a long way apart and although Ross seemed nice, they were finding they had little to say to each other when the topic was something other than sex. Lisa was coming to accept that Ross and she weren't destined to meet again any time soon and that whatever he was to her, he was far from being the 'boyfriend' she had thought she would have. She hadn't told him yet that he had been her first, either -- she was still behaving with him as if she was much more experienced than she really was, and it was getting more and more tiring to act like a love goddess, even on Snapchat, when she didn't really feel like one.
Increasingly, his messages began to feel like an intrusion, and she as she began to cool towards him she noticed the same in return. By the latter part of August, Ross was largely a footnote in her past, and her life consisted of work, family and of course, her time with Becky.
It was a hard truth, too, but one she came to realise -- while her experiences with Ross had been fun, and she was delighted to no longer be, as Becky had put it, in possession of her "V-plates", it had been nothing compared to the excitement she had found in some of the things she had gotten up to with Becky.
--
The big blockbuster movie hit of the summer was, once again, a comic-book superhero adaptation featuring brightly-coloured characters punching one another very hard in order to save the world.
At least, that was Lisa's assessment. Becky, who was much more a fan of that type of thing, gave her a full and comprehensive of the film's place in the wider canon of what she kept referring to as a "cinematic universe" until Lisa felt certain that her brain was going to start pouring out of her ears.
They went through the same rigamarole whenever one of these movies came out. Becky would excitedly tell her about the latest trailer, the premier date and so forth, and when the film actually came out, she would badger Lisa to come with her and watch it at the local multiplex. Lisa, who much preferred a good comedy to any superhero shoot-'em-up fest, would resist as long as she could before finally giving in and agreeing to sit through what seemed, to her, like simply the latest episode of a very expensive television show.
This summer, she'd held out longer than usual, but Becky's diverse array of increasingly disappointed faces and noises finally wore out her resolve, and the two made a date for the cinema one weekday afternoon in the last week of August.
The cinema was a big out-of-town multi-screen affair. Although neither girl had a driving license yet, let alone access to a car, it was easy enough to hop on a bus and ride out there.
When they arrived, the cinema was quiet. There hadn't been any big releases that week and it wasn't a time when a lot of people chose to go (compared to, say, Friday or Saturday nights). Lisa and Becky were able to walk straight up to the counter to get their tickets, and didn't have to queue up either to buy some popcorn and drinks before making their way to the screen.
When they got into the screen, there were fewer than 20 people sitting in their seats -- the rest were empty. The film had been out for quite a while, so Lisa supposed most of the people who were likely to want to watch it had already caught it in the first few weeks. The audience was couples, a few teens, and some guys on their own -- people whiling away a couple of hours at the cinema as a result of having nothing else to do with their time.
The entrance to the screen was near the front, crossing in front of the big blank space where the film would be projected -- you had to walk up steps towards the back to find your seat in the tiers. Lisa smiled as she noticed that, as usual, all the patrons in attendance were sitting as far apart from each other as possible while still having a good view of the screen. The two back rows were completely empty, most people apparently preferring the middle seats so as to not be too far away from the action. But Becky made a bee-line straight for the empty back row, and Lisa was more than happy with her choice. It made it feel almost like their own private screening to have nobody else around them.
They sat down and chatted idly, munching popcorn and checking their phones, until the lights dimmed and the adverts came on.
"Why is there always an advert for the cinema when you go to the cinema?" Lisa asked, as a typical 'cinema -- a great night out' promotion appeared on screen. "We're already here, they don't need to advertise to us, surely?" Becky laughed -- she was used to Lisa getting quite cross on trips to the pictures about one thing or another
"Well, that was about five more car commercials than I needed to see," Lisa remarked. She was determined to find things to complain about to underline how she wasn't really looking forward to the movie, although she knew Becky just found her moaning funny.
"Oh look, another remake of a film from 10 years before I was born," she intoned sarcastically. Becky swatted at her in a gentle attempt to shush her. Fortunately for their friendship, after that the dim lights went fully dark and the movie proper started, and Lisa was forced into silence.
The film looked set to be exactly what Lisa was expecting. There was going to probably be some sort of mystic artefact, there were people in crazy costumes which were probably all computer-generated, lots of punching and explosions and in the end the world would be saved. She settled down for what, for her, would probably be a boring couple of hours.
However, little did she know she was about to get something much more interesting to watch.
About twenty minutes into the film, she noticed that next to her in her seat, Becky was fidgeting about much more than usual. It wasn't obvious, it was only when she turned to whisper a comment to her friend that she realized what was happening.
Becky had kicked off her trainers and was in the process of unfastening and taking off her jeans. It was immediately apparent to Lisa what was happening -- Becky was getting naked again. As Lisa watched, Becky lifted her bottom from the seat in order to pull down her skinny jeans, before leaning forward to pull them off completely. She leaned back and grasped the hem of her t-shirt, then pulled it up quickly over her head and off.
Lisa couldn't help but laugh.
"What are you doing?" she whispered. "As if I really need to ask..."
Becky grinned back. "I always wanted to try being naked in the cinema," she answered
"You're really gonna do that?" Lisa asked. "What if someone sees you?" She was excited that Becky was stripping in what seemed like a very public place, but as always that excitement was tinged with a very real worry -- was this really something safe to do, or was it going to end with someone in a lot of trouble?
But Becky seemed confident. "Nobody can see us," she explained, "they're all sat in in front and all watching the film. Nobody ever turns around and looks backward in the cinema. You always keep your eyes on the screen."
Most do, thought Lisa as she watched Becky unfasten her bra and then shimmy out of her cotton panties, but I won't be now, not with a gorgeous naked girl sitting next to me.
Lisa gazed unashamedly at Becky as she sat back in her seat. The cinema was dark, the only light coming from the screen, and the intimate details of her body that Becky was revealing were hard to make out, but the half-light from the screen drained colour from her skin, making her seem like an odalisque from some silent epic from the golden age of cinema. Lisa drank in the smooth, soft whiteness of her friend's belly, the pale swells of her breasts, her nipples hard and dark pink. Shadows hid much of the rest but it would be beyond doubt to anyone looking that she had removed all of her clothes.
Realising that Lisa was still staring at her, Becky turned -- and smiled. Lisa felt herself blush -- at least the dark of the screen would hide that -- and looked away shyly. But as soon as she felt Becky's attention was back on the movie, she resumed watching her friend.
Becky had been openly nude in front of people in very public spaces before now. All the people on the train who saw here nude; the guy in the convenience store; anyone who saw her at the campsite or while hiking. But her being naked in the cinema was different. She was almost captive here, in a place where nudity could not be explained or excused. She was sitting nude in a big open room with only one route out and around twenty other people all sitting there. The only cover for her nudity came from the darkness, and the fact that people were watching the screen.
Lisa felt suddenly nervous for her, and for herself. It was exciting, undoubtedly, to be a part of this moment and witness once again Becky's complete lack of self-consciousness about having no clothes on. But it was also somewhat scary, giving voice to the side of her that was a lot less comfortable about Becky's exhibitionism than she was sometimes willing to let on. She wanted to support her friend and got more than a small thrill from encouraging her and participating in her stunts -- but where did she draw the line? What Ross had said to her came back to her mind, about making sure Becky wasn't involving her in something she didn't want to be. She enjoyed these experiences, no doubt -- but where would it end up?
What would happen if someone saw them now, in a place where a person absolutely should not expect to be able to just hang out naked like it was nothing, the way Becky was behaving? There was no way that someone could look at two girls alone on the back row of a cinema, one of them stark naked, and not assume they had been... up to something.
They would be asked to leave the cinema, of course, but what else? Would the police be called? Would Becky be charged with a crime? Indecent exposure, wasn't it? That was what they charged men with who opened their raincoats to show their willies to schoolgirls. Was Becky really so different, just because she was young and pretty?
It was, Lisa decided, the young and pretty part that would probably save them. No straight man or gay woman was going to complain at the sight of Becky naked, and even a lot of the straight women would probably find they had a few big questions about themselves if they were sat in Lisa's seat right now. People were shocked by female nudity still, of course, and the law was the law -- it didn't apply differently just because you had great boobs. But there was always that chance that they would find themselves once again dealing with a person that simply liked to see a pretty girl who was naked and were content to allow that to happen.
Lisa looked at Becky again. Of course, her friend didn't seem to have any of these worries. She was completely blasé. She scooched down in her seat a little, making herself comfortable, parting her legs slightly, and returned her attention to the film.
Lisa forced herself to relax. She'd been in these sort of situations enough now that she should really stop worrying. She repeated Becky's reassurance to herself; who ever actually looks behind them in a cinema screening? Had she ever? Of course not. People came to these places to watch a movie, not to take in their surroundings. And it really was dark. Lisa knew Becky was naked because she was sat right next to her, but she couldn't make out what even the closest of the other people in the screening looked like. So she doubted they would realise even if they did turn around.
Gradually she stopped feeling nervous -- but she still didn't take her eyes off Becky. How could she? Becky was beautiful, naked and completely nonchalant -- a combination that she had come to understand now was more than a bit of a turn on for her.
Becky was lost off in her attention to the movie and had no idea her friend was staring at her the way she was, but Lisa noticed every little movement, every rise and fall of her perfect breasts. Occasionally she would unconsciously caress herself, one hand lightly brushing a breast or lightly stroking a nipple, and Lisa's breath would catch as she remembered seeing her that time in the woods, nude and utterly aroused, pleasuring herself with no idea she was being watched. Lisa knew Becky would not do the same here in the movie theatre, with me next to her -- no matter how much Lisa secretly wanted her to -- but those little movements alone told her the story of how her friend was aroused by her own public nakedness.
Lisa's body gave in to her own arousal. Her pulse quickened, her breathing grew shallow. She felt her nipples pushed against her bra and wetness on the fabric of her panties when she shifted uncomfortably in her seat. In times past she had indulged in that classic teenage rite of making out with a boy while sat on the back row in the cinema -- in her head now she pictured herself doing the same with a naked Becky, her tongue exploring her mouth, hand cupping her breast and teasing her nipple. Maybe even more than that, maybe in the dark, she would slip out of her seat and kneel before Becky and slide her tongue between the moist lips of her exposed pussy...
Well, she thought, it wasn't as though I was bothered about missing the film!
But there was no way she could make those thoughts a reality, and she blinked repeatedly, as if trying to wipe them from her mind. What would Becky's reaction be if she'd really done what she had been thinking of? Would she have reciprocated, moaning with delight? Or would she have been shocked and horrified, even to know what Lisa was longing for? She realized she had no way of knowing -- and no courage to test it out, and all she could do was watch, imagine and later that night bring the thoughts back to her mind and explore them at leisure while she lay in her own bed with her hand between her legs.
Lost in a battle with her lustful thoughts, Lisa barely acknowledged what was happening on screen, and before she knew it the film was ending. The world was saved, once again, although Lisa was sure there was probably a whole bunch of stuff left over for them to do in the inevitable sequel. The final scene smashed into credits, and Lisa glanced back at Becky, assuming her friend would be quickly pulling on her clothes so they could leave the cinema.
Becky, however, still sat there, still completely nude. But nobody else in the screen was getting up and ready to go either, and nor had the house lights gone up the way they normally did when a film was over. Lisa was momentarily confused. Then she remembered -- these comic book movies always had another scene after the main credits, to further tease a sequel (or the next film in what Becky called the "cinematic universe")!
Lisa couldn't help but smile at the fact Becky had still made no move to put her clothes on -- but she was feeling nervous, too. Was her friend really going to insist on remaining nude until the very last moment? These end credits scenes were always short, maybe 30 seconds at most -- after which everyone in the cinema was going to be getting up and walking out, and the lights were going to go up. If Becky was going to wait until that scene had finished before getting dressed, she was going to be a lot more exposed, with no darkness to hide her nudity and no film on screen to distract people from looking her way. Surely, Lisa thought, she had to put something on soon?
Chapter 19 -- One More Dare
Lisa sat in the dark of the cinema, patiently waiting for Becky to put at least some of her clothes back on.
But she just sat there, watching, as the main credits ended and the waiting audience were rewarded for staying in their seats with a short scene which Lisa was sure would have been very exciting for comic book fans but just confused the heck out of her. The scene ended, and the "full" credits began to roll -- and still Becky wasn't moving!
The lights in the cinema began to come on -- not all the way, but bright enough for the patrons to be able to see and not fall down the steps as they made to leave. The first people in the audience stood up and began to leave the screen, and still Becky made no move to get dressed or even cover her body at all. As more people stood and began talking about the film they had just seen, Lisa leaned over to her friend, hoping people would be too busy chatting to zero in on their own conversation .
"Um, Becks," she asked in a whisper, "you do know you're still naked, right?"
Becky turned to her and grinned. "Yup."
"Oh, that's alright then, I thought you'd gone completely mad," Lisa replied. "Are you... are you going to put your clothes back on?
Becky's grin got wider and she reached out one of her long legs and slid a bare foot into one of her trainers. She followed with the other one.
Lisa couldn't help but laugh. "Oh, very clever," she said. "Shoes don't count as clothes, though. C'mon Becks, someone's gonna see in a minute." Amazingly, the people who had been sat in front of them were all trooping out of the exit with none of them turning to look back up at the back row, but it seemed inevitable that the two of them would get caught sooner or later.
Becky, though, was in the mood for fun.
"Dare me to stay naked?" she said with a smile.
Lisa laughed. "Really? We're back to that again?" Becky just nodded. She was looking a little red faced but it was clear that she was in an exhibitionist mood.
"Alright," Lisa conceded. "Just a little dare." Becky looked delighted -- but, Lisa thought, what could she have her friend do? It couldn't be too bold -- while Becky would probably have no qualms about walking out of the cinema building and across the car park stark naked, that would attract a lot of attention from staff and who knows who else. It was still broad daylight out there and there would of course be at least some people coming into the cinema, not to mention the multiplex was located in one of those out-of-town parks with restaurants, ten pin bowling and more. Even if 99% of the people were a-okay with Becky's nudity, it would only take one or two who weren't to give the girls more trouble than they wanted, especially as they came by bus and didn't have an easy way to get away from there.
Well, streaking out of the building might be out of the question -- but what about just not going all the way?
"Okay," Lisa explained to her excited friend. "There's a loo at the end of the corridor before you go round into the lobby. I'm gonna get up and go in there and when you're ready you can come find me. And," she added, in case Becky thought that was a bit tame, "I'm gonna take your clothes with me."
Becky giggled. "I love it!" she whispered. "So I'll be left here with nothing on and I'll have to go all along the corridor before I can get dressed again?"
Lisa nodded. "Exactly. We could get in a shit-ton of trouble, but something tells me that doesn't bother you and to be honest, the more it goes on the less it bothers me either." That wasn't quite true, but it was the closest Lisa had come to admitting she liked seeing her friend like this and was prepared to risk a certain amount of personal difficulty to continue experiencing it. Within reason, of course.
The screen was practically empty now. The credits continued to roll -- how many people worked on the special effects for this thing, thought Lisa -- and Lisa stood up. Becky had bundled her clothes together -- wrapped up like that, her underwear in the middle, it was less obvious that Lisa was carrying her friend's entire outfit with her. When she reached the bottom of the steps and the point where the remaining seats were separated by a wide space through which people could walk to get to the exit, she looked back up at Becky.
It actually was not so obvious that Becky was naked. The back row was a fair distance from this point, and the angle of the tiered seating meant that Becky was largely hidden behind the back of the seat in front. A taller woman might have been more obvious, but Becky was only average height, and with the light still not at its brightest, a casual glance might notice that her friend was a little, well, flesh-coloured, but she could just as easily have been wearing a top which had skin tones.
Becky, seeing Lisa looking back at her, gave a little wave, and smiling Lisa left the screen.
Once she was through the heavy fire door and out, Lisa debated waiting in the corridor for Becky. After all, while the coast was (currently) clear, it might not stay that way for long, and she didn't really want to abandon Becky without her clothes on in a public place.
On the other hand, that was kind of the spirit of the dare. Becky would be expecting to be left with no choice but to walk the hundred meters or so down the corridor completely naked, and she'd be expecting Lisa to be waiting for her in the toilets, not standing outside in case she chickened out.
So despite her misgivings, Lisa, holding tightly on to Becky's clothes, made her way down the corridor to the bathroom.
There were people in there when she went in, but the other girls soon finished up, washed their hands and left. When she was certain she was alone, Lisa left the cubicle she had been pretending to use, and placed Becky's clothes on the counter by the basin. She leaned against the counter, tapping her foot nervously, and waited for her friend.
She didn't expect Becky to be more than a minute or two. There hadn't been that much more of the credits to run, and even with another one of those post-credits scenes it wouldn't have been long before the lights came on all the way. Becky would have to make a move, then, before the cinema employees came in to check the screen was empty, and start cleaning up the empty drinks cups and spilled popcorn. True, her friend might dawdle a little along the corridor if she was enjoying her naked state too much to hurry, but even then, she shouldn't have too long to wait.
Lisa looked at her phone. Two minutes had passed. Then three.
At the fourth minute, Lisa began to worry. At the fifth, she was definitely sure things hadn't gone to plan.
Cautiously, Lisa opened the bathroom door and peered around, looking back up the corridor.
Lisa swore under her breath.
There was Becky, naked (except for her trainers). And there, stood talking to her, was a young man in the baseball cap and polo shirt uniform of the cinema chain employees!
The man seemed to be unhappy, and Becky had that stroppy, defiant look she sometimes got when people at school or elsewhere had tried to tell her she couldn't, or shouldn't, be doing something. Unsurprisingly, she was making no move to conceal her nipples, pubic hair or anything else from the guy, simply standing talking to him as if she was fully clothed -- but she clearly wasn't, and he clearly had some sort of problem with that.
Lisa's chest grew tight. For a fleeting moment, she wondered if she should just hide in the bathroom and let whatever was going to happen to Becky happen to her. After all, her friend was the exhibitionist, not her. If there were going to be consequences to Becky's exhibitionism, if someone was going to get banned from the cinema or even have the police involved, why should Lisa get caught up in that when she had done nothing herself?
That thought vanished as soon as it arose. Becky was her best friend, someone she loved more than anyone besides her own family, and if she was in any sort of trouble as a result of these, Lisa needed to be there to help her out.
Leaving Becky's clothes in the bathroom, she stepped out into the corridor and walked over to where her friend and the guy were stood. Becky looked relieved as she approached.
"Lisa, thank goodness. Please explain to this guy that we were not having sex in his cinema."
The man, who looked to be in his twenties, was slightly built and red-haired. His hair was slicked with hair gel and he was clutching a walkie-talkie radio. He looked up close more perplexed than annoyed, however.
"I can promise you," Lisa said, turning to him, "we were not having sex in the cinema."
"Then why is your girlfriend naked? Where are her clothes, and why doesn't she have them on?"
"Lisa has my clothes," Becky said, as if that was all the explanation that was needed. "I can go and put them on, if you like?"
"Ooohh no," the guy said officiously. "We're getting to the bottom of this first." Lisa, childishly, couldn't help but smirk at the word bottom, given that Becky's shapely rear was on full display. "You still haven't told me why you don't have any clothes on?"
"Well," Becky countered, "you didn't exactly give me chance, you just assumed I'd been having sex with someone in there."
The guy huffed. "Alright. Let's just say you weren't having sex in there, either with your girlfriend here or... um... by yourself. Why are you naked right now?"
Becky shrugged. "I dunno. It's just more comfortable for me, I guess. I just felt like taking off my clothes."
The man stared for a minute. "You- you can't just take all your clothes off in the middle of a cinema!"
Becky grinned. "Why not?" she asked cheekily. "It was dark. Nobody could see."
"But it isn't allowed!" the guy exclaimed.
"Well," Becky said indignantly, "there's nothing that says I can't."
The employee's mouth fell open. "Wha-what?"
"I saw signs saying no smoking, signs saying turn off my phone -- I didn't see a sign saying that I had to stay dressed!"
Lisa had to laugh. Becky, of course, knew absolutely that taking all her clothes off in the cinema was hugely inappropriate and certainly not something the cinema would ever allow, or have to allow. But confronted with this guy who could see that something was amiss, even though he couldn't pinpoint exactly what, she had fallen back into the cheeky sort she had been when getting told off at school, when she would often act like she knew more than the teachers. Lisa had to admire Becky's ability to be so confident, and when she had no clothes on too!
The employee decided to fall back on what he knew. "It's cinema policy not to admit anyone who is... inappropriately dressed," he stated with finality.
But Becky had a smart mouth. "I wasn't admitted inappropriately dressed," she replied. "I was fully dressed when I came in. Then, I got undressed."
"But this is a family establishment!" the guy declared. "We have kids come in here! You can't just walk around naked!"
"I was just on my way to get my clothes," Becky said with feigned exasperation. "My friend has them. It was you that stopped me and you that is keeping me standing here with nothing on. If someone gets offended by seeing me like this, it's your fault."
It almost seemed to work, Lisa thought. The guy seemed ready to concede that it was more trouble for him to keep Becky there than to let her go and put her clothes back on -- but at that moment a voice came from behind them.
"Blimey, Gavin! I thought you were having me on... I'm bloody glad you weren't!"
Coming up the corridor was another cinema employee. This one was a chubby, bearded guy, with tattoos on both his exposed forearms. He looked older than the first guy (who was, presumably, Gavin) and the badge pinned to his polo shirt proclaimed him to be the Duty Manager. Apparently, unknown to Lisa, the first thing Gavin had done when he discovered a naked woman in the corridor was to radio his supervisor, who was now greeting the scene with the widest grin Lisa had ever seen.
"Oh, this is brilliant mate, brilliant!"
This was, apparently, not the reaction that the dutiful Gavin had imagined. He began to explain to his supervisor (who was, Lisa learned, named Cam) that Becky was "violating the admission dress policy" or somesuch -- but Cam cut him short.
"What're you, gay?" he snapped in disbelief. Then he paused for a moment, turning to Becky, with a momentarily worried expression. "'Scuse me love, how old are you?"
"Eighteen," Becky replied. Cam nodded and turned back to Gareth.
"What're you, gay?" he said again. "Here we have a beautiful -- adult -- woman who has chosen to grace us with her company while not, as it were, having any clothes on her, and you are going to stand there and tell her she should be covering herself up because it's against cinema policy?!"
"No Cam, I- I mean... there might be kids about..."
Cam nodded. "That's true." He looked about them. "Nope, no kids. Nobody around, although I'm sure these hypothetical children you are talking about will be grateful to you for sparing their blushes.
"Bloody hell mate," he continued, "knock off the 'think of the children' thing. When I was a wee lad, if I'd seen a naked lady walking around at the local pictures I'd have thought it was Christmas.
"But," he concluded, "I do appreciate you telling me this is happening. That was definitely the right call."
He was, Lisa noticed, blatantly eyeing Becky's form appreciatively -- but he didn't seem sleazy or threatening. Rather, it was just as if he couldn't believe his luck, and was determined to make the most of a pretty naked girl showing up in his workplace.
An element of some professionalism entered his manner. "Now, can someone -- other than Gavin -- please explain to me what this is all about?"
Given Becky's prior performance, Lisa decided it was better if she said something before her friend did.
"We were just in there," Lisa said, indicating the door to the screen. "Becky... well, she decided to take off her clothes to watch the film. She's, um, just more comfortable that way, I think."
Cam nodded, still not taking his eyes off Becky's body. "Free spirit, is she? Something like that?"
Lisa gave a relieved nod. "Yes, something like that. And it was dark and we were on the back row so it's not like anyone could see... she doesn't mean any harm."
"So, what, she just got naked? That's it? You two weren't...?"
"No!" Becky replied hotly.
Cam held up his hands. "Alright," he soothed. "So she watched the movie in the buff, alright. But why is she still naked?"
Lisa blushed. "I've... got her clothes. They're in the loo."
"Why do you have her clothes?"
Lisa blushed more. Even Becky started to look a little red.
"It was sort of... a dare," Becky admitted.
Cam grinned wider. "Oh, right. So you went off with her clothes and then she had to come and get them? Was that how it went?"
"Basically, yeah."
Cam laughed, talking now to Becky. "Only Einstein here caught you in the act and you never made it to your clothes?"
Becky nodded.
"Well," Cam said, "fair enough. I've heard worse stories.
"But," he continued, "although he may have spectacularly failed to appreciate your charms, my colleague here does have a point. We really can't have anyone just walking around here naked, even beautiful women. We'd have to be a much more specialized establishment if we wanted to have that..."
"Okay," Lisa said. "She'll put her clothes back on." Amazingly, Becky didn't actually look disappointed at this suggestion -- it seemed she'd probably had enough nakedness for one day, Lisa thought.
But Cam stopped them. "Hang on a minute," he said. "I really am supposed to report incidents of misbehaviour, persistent bad behavior by customers can lead to a ban. Although," he reached into his pocket, "I might be quite happy to forget any of this ever happened if I can get something in return." From his pocket he produced his mobile phone.
"Nothing dodgy, don't worry," he explained. "Just a few pictures, if you're willing?"
Lisa held her breath. She was more than okay with Becky running round naked and being an exhibitionist -- she very much loved it in fact, and although it didn't do her nerves much good she was happy to encourage it.
But for someone to have photographs of Becky naked in a public place? That didn't sound like a safe idea to her. That seemed like the sort of thing that could be used to blackmail her friend later, or even just leaked onto the internet in a massively embarrassing way.
Becky, though, seemed not to have the same misgivings. She was, she said, happy for Cam to take some pictures of her, as long as she was allowed to decide how many and what pose she took. Lisa guessed she was perhaps thinking that if this was left up to Cam he would suggest something very explicit and that while being photographed naked was one thing, she didn't want today to be the first step in a pornography career.
In the end, Cam was more than agreeable and was satisfied with a few pictures of Becky, front and back, pulling some largely innocent if coquettish poses -- and one taken by Gavin of Cam himself stood with his big arm around Becky's bare shoulder, proving he himself had been witness to the young woman's public nudity.
That done, and perhaps starting to get a little concerned that someone else may come along, see Becky and spoil his fun by insisting something else be done, Cam and Gavin finally allowed Becky to go into the ladies' toilet, from which she emerged a few moments later fully-dressed. Cam seemed a little disappointed but he obviously thought Becky was still nice to look at even with her clothes on, something Lisa had to concur on. She hoped the bearded guy wouldn't try to hit on Becky but as it was (perhaps he already had a girlfriend?) he was a perfect gentleman and he and his subordinate walked the two girls outside. With thanks for making his day, Cam bid them goodbye, although as she and Becky walked away, Lisa heard Gavin say to him, "you will send me those pics, right?"
"Sure I will, mate," Cam replied, in a tone that suggested he was absolutely not going to do that.
(To be continued.)