When I met my wife Michelle, she was somewhat of a prude when it came to her sexuality. Behind closed doors she was voracious, sensual and experimental but when it came to trying things out of the bedroom, she was timid and less confident.
I started off trying to get her confidence up, supporting her and encouraging her to be more daring with her dress sense. Making comments on how sexy she looked and how it made me feel more of a man when she looked and dressed in a sexy way. She obviously wanted to please me as it seemed to work, and I began to push the boundaries where I could.
We were alone at home one night and Michelle came downstairs in a vest top and tiny shorts, she looked incredible. The vest top was very small with thin straps and her tits were straining at the fabric. Her shorts were booty shorts that did nothing to stop her bum cheeks spilling out of the bottom of them. She looked sexy as hell.
I was horny as usual, and I took the opportunity to say I wanted some ice cream and wanted to nip to the shops to buy some and asked if she'd come with me. It was late July and was a warm evening and she slipped on a pair of sandals and joined me in the car. I drove towards the shops but turned off the road up a steep hill part. At the top of the hill there was a large recreation field where a lot of people walked their dogs and congregated on sunny days it also had a large house that was used as offices. It was around 8pm and becoming dusk and there was nobody else in the car park.
We parked up and Michelle asked "What's going on?" as I turned off the engine.
I just looked at Michelle and a little smile crept across her face.
"Get out of the car and I'll show you!" I replied confidently.
I opened the door and walked around to Michelle's door opened it to help her to her out. Her legs were amazing as they swung out and she stood in front of me. The car was parked next to the large house which had a small 3ft wall around it.
I took Michelle's hand and walked to the small wall, I pushed her back against it and kissed her deeply sliding my tongue into her willing mouth. I could feel her body grinding against mine as I kissed her, she was on fire.
She tried to slide her arms around me, but I grabbed her wrists and held them tightly, I pulled her wrists wide apart from her body and made her grip the wall as I continued to kiss her mouth and neck. I grabbed for her vest and ripped it open letting her gorgeous tits spill out. I leaned down and took a nipple into my mouth and sucked and bit it gently. It didn't take long to begin to feel her nipple harden in my mouth as I bit it more sexually. Michelle threw her head back and cried out in ecstasy as I continued to assault her nipple and took one of my hands and grabbed her arse digging my fingers into her arse cheek.
I span Michelle around and pushed her against the wall with her tits against the rough brick grazing her hard nipples. I then felt for her shorts and ripped them down to her feet. Michelle was now naked and bent over for my enjoyment. I ran my fingers over her arse and through between her legs to her pussy. Michelle widened her stance to allow me easy access to her wet pussy. Her pussy was dripping wet, and I ground my fingers easily into her hungry shaved pussy. She loves it when I tease her, so I slid my fingers up and across her clit and then back to her wet pussy as she easily ate two fingers quickly.
I then reached up with my free hand and grabbed her ponytail with one hand, yanking her head backwards whilst continuing to finger her pussy with my other hand. Two fingers deeply penetrating her, and my thumb then found her puckered arsehole.
She was now breathing heavy with each thrust of my fingers when suddenly, she shrieked loudly.
"There is someone there" she said, "in the window".
I looked over at the house saw him. A man.... a shadow stood in the window watching. He was just stood very still not making any movement, it was dark, and I couldn't make out his face just his shape. The top window above him was open, and he was just watching Michelle being fingered roughly by me.
I didn't stop and kept fingering her, but Michelle just froze and stared at him. I held her ponytail and kept her looking at him.
I leaned into her and whispered in her ear and said, "Do you want me to stop?"
"I don't know?" she said breathlessly.
"Don't stop keep watching him," I replied.
She kept looking at him and nodded her head as best she could.
"Tell me to fuck you?" I said.
"What?" she replied.
"Tell me to fuck you?" I said.
"Fuck me," she said.
"Tell me loud enough so HE can hear you beg for it?" I said to her.
"Fuck me please babe!" she yelled, probably too loud but I just moved behind her and took my throbbing cock out.
I positioned the tip against her open pussy and slid it in. I slipped it right into the hilt and she took it easily. I held it there deep inside her and flexed my cock feeling how full I made her. I took both hands and placed them on her shoulders.
"I want you to watch him, don't take your eyes off him once." I said gripping her tightly.
I began to fuck her harder and harder, faster and faster. She was crying out with every thrust; she was so turned on I knew I had her. I pushed her tits into the brick wall again as I ploughed her pussy.
"Watch him Michelle, he wants to be me, fucking you, taking your slutty pussy," I said.
As I spoke to her, she started to moan repeatedly.
"I'm cumming, I'm fucking cumming," she called out.
"Cumming for me or him," I asked?
"For him I'm cumming for him!" she replied almost crying through the orgasm.
That tipped me over the edge, and I locked eyes on him as I came deep in her pussy. I thrust into her pussy very hard and held my cock deep in her pussy emptying my balls into her.
I backed away and put my cock in my shorts again. Michelle stood on unstable legs. She turned to face me, and her eyes were glazed over and the print on her chest was from the bricks on the wall looked amazing.
She picked up ripped vest top off the floor and wiped her pussy with them and threw them onto the wall she was bent over. She waved at her voyeur hoping that he'd retrieve his souvenir. She picked her shorts off the floor and put them back on.
Michelle wobbled as she walked back to the car and climbed inside. I joined her and pulled her to me and kissed her passionately.
This was the first time we did anything outside of the home, but it wasn't the last...