Clothes are so bothersome. But when I was a kid it was different. Mum put us kids to bed with pajamas on, which was the normal thing to do. But one day, and I can't remember when, I made the decision to change that.
It wasn't anything daring nor exciting, because childhood is both absolutely and purely innocent. I just suddenly began to feel uncomfortable, and hot, squirming around and turning over with all that material stifling my skin.
So I waited till Mum had left the bedroom, quietly stripped off, and neatly folded my bedclothes on the foot of the bed. It just felt more free and relaxing to wear nothing. And I fell asleep more easily. Mum never said anything in the days thereafter. But I had claimed a new normal for myself.
We left the old childhood house, and lived at Grandma's for a time while our new home was being built. High school coincided with intense training at the town pool, so my young life was full and busy. Dad often drove us kids up to the high school again, a couple of evenings per week, for some heavy duty long-distance running. This was part of our training regimen for the swimming.
The school had been built on top of a little hill, with sweeping downslopes of grassland falling away beneath it. At each of the far western and eastern edges of the property there were lines of English pines that had been planted. These were each perhaps five to eight hundred yards long, and in a double row. They were mature enough that the inner branches met and formed a partial avenue in between, while the outer branches easily swept down to not far from the ground.
We would start at the car park right by the back of the southern side of the school buildings, and run alongside the decorative stone wall that bordered the garden. When we reached the first set of pines to the west, we would turn and run on the soft carpet of pine needles inside that avenue, down until we reached the bottom of the hill.
Down there, and right across to and along the far northern edge of the sporting fields we would pant. Then we would turn once more, and up the long slog through the eastern set of pines we would go, puffing all the way. Finally, we took the last turn and streaked defiantly back along the top to the car park, while catching a second wind. The whole training exercise took roughly twenty-five minutes, and we would run it two or three times in succession per night!
After we left Grandma's house we had moved into our brand new home in the new subdivision at the back of the high school. It was actually more correctly situated to the east of the school, and somewhat less than a half mile beyond the outer edge of that eastern line of pines. I finished high school living in that house, while being able to walk easily back and forth between the two every day.
There then came a couple of years where I worked for a bit until I turned eighteen. I was still figuring out what to do with myself. After I came of age I hit an inflection point in my personal discoveries too. The masturbation that year in my bed, to a hidden copy of a Playboy magazine, soon became not nearly enough.
I began my new quest by standing up nude in the dark on the hardwood floor of my bedroom. The ceiling to floor windows were covered by thick drawn curtains. I would part these slightly at first to look out onto our un-fenced backyard at the rear of our block. There was still a lot of unclaimed space across the subdivision, between us and the older houses a few lots over and up the street.
In the depths of midnight I would slip my body partially between the curtains wondering, hoping, yet afraid if someone might see me! Some of the houses in the distance had front windows that faced directly toward the back of our house and my bedroom. My mind would race thinking whether some girl I had known, from way back when, would glimpse me now - and my hardening cock!
Over many nights I gradually became more courageous and adventurous. Leaving a crack the full width of my body between the curtains, I would face outward against the glass and play with myself. With only the gleam of the remote streetlights, or a crescent moon sometimes, I became more sure of myself - while still secretly hoping to be found out! These wilder thoughts led me to cumming all over the window pane.
Yet it wasn't enough. I still didn't get caught. At least I thought no one had seen. It would have been so cool if a girl my age or an older lady from up the road had one day came and just told me that they knew, and that it excited them! But nothing happened.
So of course I resolved, and needed, to do more! Some nights I would wait till everyone in the house was long gone asleep. Then I would creep down the hallway naked, and ever so quietly sneak out the back door. We kept the backyard grass neatly mowed. So I would sit down on that lovely soft surface and open my legs wide and point them right out in front of me.
Back then I wanked differently too. I had never seen nor heard of how to do it, so I had just figured it out on my own! My special method was to peel my foreskin right back, then use the palms of my hands to cradle the sides of my cock openly between them.
With almost outstretched arms I would hold my hot dick vertically, and then roll it sideways between my open palms, back and forth like an unshaped sausage being formed. One palm pumped outward, while the other pulled inward, as my shaft shifted motion like an electric engine in a rapidly rotating magnetic field. I would rub that thing out in a frantic swivel, like I was trying to use a big old fat fire stick to catch my pubes on fire! My wank off really was a high-rpm blur of crankshaft-breaking commitment.
Sitting down yet sitting up on that grass in the dead of night, with outstretched legs and outstretched arms, I became totally entranced in the moment. With a frenzy of fast-sliding palms, rubbing cock body and sensitive glans ridges at the same time, I could've missed what I had come outside to see. I never knew if some female, peeking out through her front venetian blinds from not so far away, might have witnessed the instant my volcano blew that white lava skyward and onto the lawn. But I always hoped I gave someone a hot memory.
Again, I needed my naked nights to be something more! So I fantasized and came up with a step by step plan. I would leave the house the next night fully clothed. I would walk up through the partly-built subdivision and on up through the farmland bordering the back of the high school. I would step through the gap in the barbed-wire fence, and enter into that avenue of pines.
When it became time for my plan to be executed the excitement built quickly. It was hard to listen for the creak of the back door of our house being closed. My racing heart and the blood rushing in my ears was almost all I could hear. The spot in front of the tip of my cock, strained in my bikini underpants, already felt like it might wet itself right through to my jeans. A young man's lust loves a high bar.
The moon was full, and I could clearly be seen by anyone in the neighborhood. But that was partly the plan. Although I wouldn't be anywhere nearby home, or them, tonight. On, up through the night, the neighborhood, the farmland, and toward the pines, I went.
It's only maybe five to eight minutes' walk to those pines, and as I arrived it was around one o'clock in the morning. Intentionally, I had come outside later than usual. There's an opening in that farmland fencing, right at the bottom of a dip in the hill, where the students walk through in the daytime. There, the pines stretch steeply upward to the left of me, and on a gentler incline downward and to my right. The trees downhill also shift sharply to turn around a ninety degree left-hand bend shortly after that. I stepped into the breach!
This longer eastern set of pines in total is perhaps four hundred yards up and down in either direction for the two sections of the avenue. Although strictly, the entire length actually runs uphill, from the perspective of being at the bottom. So it's quite a long way to walk in the dark, or to run all the way up there from back when I had trained all those years ago. I walk quietly now around that left-turning corner off to my right, and proceed more than halfway down that section of the incline. Then I get to what I am looking for and stop.
Here, the pines are thicker, and it's darker as well. There's an ideal spot to hide my clothes under one of the outstretched outer branches that borders those sweeping school grasslands on the inside of the property. I've been here long ago before, and there's not much on the open grass for a long stretch leading steeply up the hill and way over to the back of the buildings. Maybe a bandicoot digging for worms in the night is all you might see.
I look around, see no one about, and I tear off my clothes quickly and stow them where they can't be found. I note the specific tree and terrain marks, because I very much need to be back here again!
"I'm standing naked, out in the dark and the wild!" It's a satisfying, yet thrilling thought. Where I'm about to go, I have no clue whatsoever if there may be someone else out here this late that I have yet to come across. But that is the point. I look around nervously again. The avenue within which I stand has a row of pretty dense pines either side of me. Fully grown, they close their verdant branches above my head, and at the sides prevent those from outside from mostly seeing what is within - especially at nighttime. Yet that avenue inside the two rows of trees is of course totally unprotected. If anyone other than myself should be walking up or down in there too, well, that's it!
But the carpet of smooth brown needles under my naked feet is soft and caressing. And it's a warm summer's December evening, dark, and very late. I feel like I'm in natures womb. Only the stark and bright moonlight peeks in occasionally, hinting at exposure and tearing at my fear of being discovered!
And no one is walking up nor down through this avenue in the dead of night, so I turn back up the hill to begin my adventure. I walk all the way up between the rows, to the very top, and then peek out from behind some branches at the edge of the immediate school grounds far away. I head back now, completely down the entire two sections of avenue. There, I sneak a protected look once more, but this time out at the open sports grounds right at the base of the hill. With my naked survey, now somewhat nervously complete, my delicious victory is confirmed.
"There's no one, out here, anywhere!" Still anxious, but emboldened, I spin around and even further defy the caution that comes from getting away with way too much already. Now I'm jogging slowly, yet triumphantly, back up the entire length of the avenue again. My erect cock slaps back and forth on each thigh as I run, and a long beaded line of jeweled juice develops then threads out from it's tip and towards the ground.
When I stop briefly at the top I take stock again, and I'm conscious now of those bodily responses, and more. Wild imaginings that I had realized came actually true have my balls hardening, enlarging, grinding quietly against each other, and aching to show me their insides. But back down I jog, all the way to the bottom of the hill once more, and revelling in my newly found personal theme park of animal passion. Once I arrive I pause for a few long moments, letting the night air cool away the light sweat from my body, and getting an even tempo of breathing back.
Finally relaxed, I spin around for a last leisurely walk back up again, now a totally free agent. I own this nude wilderness and existence, felt most sensitively by the night which now seeps into my naked body. As I stroll the roughly two hundred yards back up the hill to about the first quarter mark of the whole avenue, I nakedly pass my stowed - and desirably unattainable - clothes for the third time! My thoughts turn to pleasing myself, while I continue on with the remainder of my nubile walk.
My fingers stroke my nipples, sweep lightly over the skin on my belly, delve into the deeper pubes of young dark hair, and caress my inner thighs and cock and balls. With my foreskin pulled back, my glans' ridges love the titillation of erect rough spots, teased wickedly of wanton pleasures to come.
With my mind absorbed, the avenue seems to appear to close in upon me, as my erotic walk is enchanted once more by my 'special wank'. That rolling revolution between my palms keeps that thick hotdog stiff and needy. Then, only a couple of hundred or so steps from the top I stop.
"Perfect!"
There's a pine tree with a great view back across and down the inner grasslands. It has an especially low-sweeping branch that almost touches the ground. Thick fingers of twigs spread out from it's tip, the green needles a perfect dapple of camouflage.
I sit my nude self under the end of this splayed away branch, at first temporarily lifting it above my head, then settling in and facing my body outward from the avenue. Upon the carpet of dead needles, looking out at the grasslands, and with my head and shoulders adorned with a sheath of brushy cover, I'm a primal animal in the forest.
"Am I hidden completely, or might I just be seen a little?" My coy exposure to the bright moonlight at the edge of the grasslands shocks jagged strips of white skin on my body, in between darker dapples of comfort - so the answer is not quite clear.
With my legs now open wide, I pick up the pace of my big hotdog wank. You can hear the slapping of palms, and under the moon's rays you can see the glint and sparkle of juices oozing out and over my tip, then dripping onto the base of my thumb and forefinger. I close my eyes so I can give my all to the work at hand. In the deepest part of my mind's sensual center the inner image of my wanked cock, mixed with the senses of how it feels, makes it seem like a big fat sausage attached to me. And the sense is that it wants to swell toward bursting point. I love that big sensory sausage sensation very much.
Now I often yearn for the moment I've had this night, and many times since. And in these few seconds right now that moment is about to come for me soon. It's when time pauses and my heart's fire seethes with roaring hot blood. It's the incredible instant in which nature is both wrapped around and into me. And it's when the stars above become synonymously melded to the shooting points of light inside my mind. In that moment, as I cum, it feels like being a part of the one and true orgasm of the universe.
"If a woman discovers me now - a naked woman with just the same idea as me - then that would be awesome!"
So anyway, let's come back to the present. One day, in all my wild nakedness and my many nude outdoorsy settings since that time, perhaps one day it will finally really happen. And I can explode not only for my exposed and solo self, but for the erotic shame of being discovered. And only then can I feel fully complete in the intimacy of being utterly uncovered and shamelessly revealed to the wild mind of another sensual being whom I do not even know. A woman who gets as hot as me, in being clandestinely stripped bare, as she does in just wishing and hoping to be found out! That would be the best kind of sex between strangers.