Author's notes: This is a work of fiction regarding consenting adults, group sex, sexual enslavement and other erotic things along those lines. If you do not like those topics please move along.
Thank you.
*****
Compared to the previous 12 or so hours my drive to work and shower were uneventful. I did enjoy the shower even more than I thought I would, then set my lingerie up in the small closet. As I began to organize the drawers in the vanity I found one full of enema kits and decided I should use one. I'd have to ask if they were a perk or a requirement. Looking at my phone I was all ready with a couple minutes to spare, testing the door, the electronic lock was still keeping me out. I checked my makeup one last time then looked myself up and down in the mirror. I'd selected tan 4" heels, nude stockings, a white lace garterbelt and matching cupless demi bra. Why my cupless bra had an underwire for support I couldn't imagine, but it did. I also fixed my hair so it was pulled back and down in the back so it was easier for Nick go grab when he decided to fuck me! A shudder rippled through me at that thought, a second one followed when the door lock unclicked. Opening the door, I stepped through as confidently as I could while completely unsure of what was on the other side.
"Good morning," Nick said from behind his desk, "coffee please."
"Good morning Sir," I replied feeling his eyes wandering my body as I walked across his large office, "how was your night?"
"Not terribly interesting," he replied as I brought his coffee to him and noticed his pants and boxers were already pulled down, "and yours?"
"Some girlfriends came over," I answered setting down the coffee and getting between his legs, "I ate a lot of pussy and orgasmed until my stomach cramped."
Before he could say another word, I plunged my mouth onto his hard shaft. Maybe he'd remember to ask me later, but right now I wanted to do little more than give him the bj of a lifetime! I worked his cock like a pornstar using my hand and mouth while massaging his balls with my free hand.
"Too much pussy last night," he moaned, "desperate for cock now?"
I didn't stop to answer. Honestly, I wasn't sure what was in me but I wanted cum to join it! I could feel him getting close, feel him fighting against finally erupting in my mouth. I toyed with the idea of stopping and having him fuck my mouth to finish but decided against it when I felt his cock fill with delicious seed. When he finally released I felt a warmth deep inside me and not from the torrent of hot cum flowing into my body. Just to be sure I milked him until his cock went completely limp in my mouth.
"Wow!" He said breathlessly as I stood up, "That was a hell of a bj, did you miss cock after all your girl action last night?"
"Maybe I did Sir!" I replied with a smirk. "Your cock is hard to forget you know."
"I've heard that before," he stood pulling up his pants and boxers as he spoke, "I'm sure the weighted plug helped. You did remember to bring it, back right?"
"I did," I replied denying my blush and feeling a bit brassy, "the girls had fun taking it out last night, it's in the drawer with the enema kits in the bathroom."
"You'll have to share some pictures later," he said taking his seat behind his desk again, "I bet you're insatiable with that too!"
"I can show you some now if you want," I said waiting for his approval before returning to the bathroom for my cell phone, "Sabrina took a few to say the least." Returning to his desk I carefully swinging a leg over his chair and taking a seat on his desk facing him with my legs on either side of him. "Hmmm," I said slowly toying with my phone to make him wait a bit more, "oh here we go."
The first picture I showed him was the picture Jimmy had stated would be his new profile picture. I was staring at the camera in a 69, face slick with pussy, tongue flat against a clit as the puffy lips glistened. He groaned slightly then flipped through a few more pictures before he had to readjust himself.
"And you were in stockings and heels because?" He said finally looking up from my phone.
"I'd only been in lingerie when they showed up," I answered, "plus, you like me in stockings and heels!"
"True!" he said handing me the phone while gliding his other hand over my leg. "Do me a favor," he said looking around me slightly, "sit in the chair over there and cross your legs like a good girl."
"Yes Sir!" I replied climbing slowly off the desk and over his chair so my breasts, pussy and legs remained in his hands longer.
I playfully walked quickly to the chair, letting my boobs bounce extra before taking a seat with my back to his office door. Crossing my legs, I put my hands in my lap waiting for whatever was to come next. My brassiness faded away as I heard his office door open behind me.
"Nick what's the good word this morning," I heard the male voice say behind me, "oh is this the new girl?" I was panicked now, this was my old section boss, my old boss' boss, and here I was sitting in a chair with my tits out! Nick motioned for me not to move. "Well let's take a look at you!" He said as he came around the chair to face me. "Holy shit!"
"Stand up and say hi!" Nick said as he grinned like a Cheshire cat.
I did my best to gracefully get out of the chair, coming face to face with Tony and extending my hand.
"Hi," I replied feeling my face flushing with embarrassment, "I'm sure you don't remember me."
"Alicia!" He said taking my hand while staring at my breasts. "How could I forget you!?!"
"Well," I replied trying to find the ability to swallow, "we didn't talk that much when I worked for you."
"If I'd known you wore shit like this to work," he said looking around my boobs to my bare mound, "we'd have done a fuck lot more than talk!"
"No time for that now," Nick said as he stood up from his desk, "at least one person coming to this meeting is against having an office slut!"
"I told you we should fire him," Tony replied touching my left boob causing me to jump slightly, "it's too bad he's so good at his job."
"He has something against sluts?" I asked as I pressed my breast further into Tony's large hand.
"Female sluts yes." He replied giving me a light squeeze. "I am so fucking you later though!" I quivered at his words feeling myself get wetter.
"Only if he says so," I replied nodding toward Nick, "I'm his office slut after all."
"You'd better head to the bathroom and get a dress on," Nick instructed, "you can wait at your desk, there's a few items I ordered that should be here soon."
"Yes Sir," I replied gently removing Tony's hand from my boob, "thank you!"
I could feel their eyes burning holes into my ass as I walked away. Just to be sure they got the most of it I made sure to put an extra bounce and sway into my walk. As I turned to close the doors both men still had their eyes on me just like I wanted. Thankfully, I was smart today and picked out a simple wrap dress which would be very easy to remove as well as put on. I got to my desk just in time to see the first section heads to arrive, I gave them a smile while they returned cursory glances at best. Although, at least two of them gave me a bit more of a lingering glance. I already had a feeling of which ones would be bedding me soon. While their meeting happened a FedEx delivery driver showed up with 5 boxes all addressed to me. I happily signed for them but waited to discover their contents, I was glad I did as soon after he left people started leaving Nick's office. Two of the men gave me very long glances, which I returned with a smile, then the lone woman came out walking right up to my desk. I moved back a little as she leaned on the desk, practically sitting on it, while towering over me.
"So, you're the new girl," she said looking me up and down, "I would gather from your lack of bra and rock-hard nipples that you're either the new plaything or you just got dressed in a hurry. Which is it?"
"I'm," I had to clear my throat before trying to continue, "I'm the plaything."
"Tell me plaything," she leaned over further making me feel even smaller than I was, "do you enjoy the company of women?"
"Yes." I replied feeling the hair on the back of my neck and arms standing on end.
She deftly slipped her right hand inside my dress, her hand immediately cupping my left breast as if it belonged to her.
"Well there is a little competition going on," she said as she started to squeeze my aching nipple between her fingers, "and while part of the prize is money, the other part of the prize is you!" I shuddered at the idea that I was a prize. "Have you ever been tied up before?" Quickly nodding yes, her fingers squeezed harder causing me to bite my lip to keep from screaming. "Well plaything," she replied while releasing my nipple causing a surge of blood to rush back to it, "I plan on winning that prize and turning you into my bondage slut!"
"Yes," I replied truly unsure of what to say, "I'd love that!"
The rush of blood back to my nipple first caused intense pain which was then replaced by immense pleasure. She removed her hand slowly, making sure to drag her nails over my sensitive flesh as she did. I winced in pain as her nail scraped my nipple.
"I hope you win." Was my throaty response.
"I know you do," she stood, standing so close I could feel the heat of her pussy on my shoulder, "even if I don't, you'll be tied up by me soon enough." I couldn't bring myself to look up at her. "You can start getting used to it," she leaned in closer, her voice getting lower yet more authoritarian, "by saying yes Mistress."
I chill ripped through my body; I knew it was visible too as I felt myself shudder. "Yes, Mistress." I replied meekly.
"Slut!" she grunted.
As she stood up her right hand dragged over my right breast, her nails digging into the thin material and my flesh underneath. She then simply walked away, my eyes couldn't help but follow her, watching her ass sway in her snug fitting dress pants. I didn't even realize that she stopped walking until she turned to catch me staring at her. Her green eyes seemed to pierce my body, she gave me a wink and continued on her way causing me to blush so hard my chest turned red. I knew she would push me to my limits, leave me exhausted and sore, and I desperately wanted it to happen! I could imagine her having me completely debase myself for her pleasure and entertainment and my begging for more. My pussy was on fire from the minutes she'd spent with me, I knew for a fact, if she won, I'd be in a lot of trouble! It had become quite apparent that a large cock could get me to do anything, but she'd been able to illicit a reaction with a simple touch!
I was contemplating ducking into the bathroom to have a quick orgasm when the phone's intercom sprang to life, "Come in with your purchases Alicia." came Nick's voice.
It took me a moment to pick up the boxes that the FedEx driver had moved so deftly but I finally managed. As I entered the office Nick and Tony were at the small conference table in his office. I set the boxes on the table, then removed my dress.
"Let's see what you got," Nick said leaning forward in his chair, "actually, I know what you got, so it's time for you to see it!"
"Yes Sir!" I replied opening the first large box.
True to online ordering form, half the box was filled with air pillows, inside were three items. A shoe box, a lingerie outfit which was a "one size fits most" bustier designed to look like a maid's uniform, and a three pack of lace top stockings. Looking up for approval, and getting a nod, I opened the shoe box. Inside were a pair of white D'Orsay heels with a delicate ankle strap, 1/2-inch platform and close to a 6" spiked heel! I wondered how I would stand, let alone walk in them!
"Try those on." Nick said with a grin and a bit of fire in his eyes.
Taking a seat, I slipped off my right heel by using my left as leverage, while removing the tissue paper and plastic rod from the new white heel. Slipping it on, it was a bit snug but would certainly stretch, I fastened the thin ankle strap before removing my left shoe and repeating the process. Then I had to stand! Bracing myself on the conference table I felt two feet taller, as if I were standing on my toes!
"How do they feel?" Nick asked.
"Comfortable," I replied, tentatively taking my hand from the table, "but this will take some getting used to because of the height."
"They make her ass look even better," Tony's voice was fluid, like honey, or a phone sex line worker, "and her legs. Damn!"
I made a mental note; Nick had a shoe fetish while Tony was an ass and leg man. Secretly I wondered, and feeling my puckered hole tense slightly, if Tony was an ass man in the same way Steve was? I stumbled slightly as I'd become distracted by my thoughts but managed to recover.
"Everything okay?" Nick asked.
"Yes Sir," I replied feeling a bit embarrassed at almost falling, "I've just never worn heels this high before."
"You'll get used to them," he said as he leaned back and put his hands behind his head, "you have three other pairs just like them in there!"
"Oh my!" I replied hoping I'd only have to wear them while at work and not on the way to and from it as well.
Returning to the table I opened the next box, there was a pair of black heels identical to the white ones I had on, three matching lingerie outfits which included thongs! I was thrilled! There is only so often a girl can go commando and I'd been bare assed for weeks at this point! As expected, the bras were front close push-ups and had lace garterbelts to match.
"I guess I've bought my last pair of pantyhose?" I said looking up slightly.
"Do you really want those in the way?" Nick asked in sly response.
"No Sir." I replied giving him a naughty smirk in response. "I have a feeling you'd just tear them off me!"
"Unless you beat me to it," he said leaning further back in his chair while using his hands to outline his bulge in his pants, "I know how much you love this thing!"
"I do Sir!" I replied feeling myself tingle with excitement.
The next 3 boxes contained the other shoes and more lingerie, I had quite the selection now at work, some of it was even tasteful! As I was focused on consolidating my new items into a single box Nick got up and was soon standing behind me. I felt his hands on my hips, then slowly coiling around my torso as he pulled me to him.
"Tony made a good point as we waited for the rest of the attendees to arrive," his right hand went to my pussy while his left went to my breasts, "I took you from his department and didn't compensate him leaving him at a distinct disadvantage in this competition I'm running." His mouth was near my ear now, his voice became a throaty whisper as he roughly massaged my pussy. "But we figured out a way to make it up to him," as he spoke, I looked up to see Tony getting undressed, "and with that cock starved blowjob you gave me earlier I knew you were game for it!"
"Yes Sirrrrr!" I moaned pressing back into him, trying to pull his head to my neck with my hand.
Tony was soon naked, his prominent erection pointing straight at me. His cock was gorgeous, it was easily 7 inches long, thick but not as thick as Nick's with a nice fat head and meaty veins. I craved it immediately. My mouth was now watering as badly as my pussy had been for the past few minutes! Tony approached, taking me from Nicks' hands, pressing his cock against my abdomen and smashing my tits between us.
"Nick buddy," Tony said grabbing my ass with both hands and squeezing tight, "we're gonna need that lube you keep in your desk! I was glad he was holding me tight because that sentence made my knees weak! "What did you think of Victoria?" He asked as he pressed his fingers against my tight hole. "The blonde who spoke to you after the meeting," he continued as he saw my obvious confusion mixed in with my building desire, "the one who probably wants to tie you up all weekend!"
"Ohhhhhh," I moaned and squirmed as much from his touch as from the reminder of how Victoria had taken such control of me so quickly with so little effort, "she was intense."
I'd unconsciously lifted my right foot from the floor, squeezing my legs tightly at the thought of Victoria tying me up. I'd been tied up once, it was okay, but he was my college boyfriend and nothing like the commanding Victoria.
"If she wins," Tony continued releasing my ass with one hand but still teasing my hole with the other, "you'd better take the following day or two off."
"Why?" I panted.
"The last girl that was the office slut spent the weekend with Victoria," Tony teased my ass with a freshly lubed finger easily penetrating me, "spent a day in a latex body thing that had her looking like a life-size blow-up doll!"
My response was a deep moan as his finger slipped deeper inside my ass.
"Don't let Victoria know you'd enjoy being a brainless, speechless fuck doll," Nick said from behind me, "she'll make it happen! I have pictures to prove it!"
I could focus on their words but could barely respond, between Victoria doing whatever the hell she wanted to me and the two of them winding me up, I needed to be fucked NOW! It didn't take long for me to get my wish. Tony pushed a second well lubed finger into my ass while Nick moved something behind me.
"Good choice!" Tony said to Nick about something he'd done. "I hope you don't have anything pressing," he said grabbing my hair with his free hand, bending me backward and leaning in to my ear, "cuz I'm going to fuck you senseless!"
His fingers in my ass, his mouth on my neck, Nick doing whatever the fuck he was doing behind me, and thoughts of Victoria using my body like a playground, I was putty. Tony walked me backward to where Nick was waiting. I was on autopilot; they were moving me into place and I offered no resistance. They put my knees up on an office chair, adjusting where my knees were before wrapping something around my ankles. My body was facing the back of the chair, they leaned me forward lowering my shoulders to the back of the chair and pulling my arms down. I looked down, watching intently as they used leather cuffs to fasten my wrists to silver chains.
"Ohhhhhffffuuuuccckkk!" I groaned realizing I was being bound to the chair!
"I hope you're ready for some fun!" Nick, who was now naked too, said from in front of me.
"YES," I replied, unable to finish as Tony's cock pressed into my ass, "Ohhhhhhh!"
No sooner had I started to groan; Nick stepped forward pushing his cock into my wide-open mouth muffling my groans. Tony's cock slipped easily inside me, filing my ass with his hard flesh. They were talking but I couldn't make out what they were saying. In unison they started thrusting slowly into me, both backing almost all the way out before slowly pushing back into my body. I strained at my bonds, I couldn't move backward or forward as my arms pinned my shoulders to the back of the chair. Even if I could move, would I? I wanted this, no, I NEEDED this! But I needed it harder, I needed them to pound me, to use me. I needed to be fucked like a slut should. Instead they kept his maddening pace, teasing me with their fat shafts. They seemed to be fucking me forever! Then, suddenly, they both stopped, leaving just the tips of their cocks inside me. I squirmed and stretched trying to get them back inside me but couldn't.
"Don't worry slut," one of them said, "we're just going to have some fun first."
I soon figured out why I was bound to a swivel chair, both cocks were removed and I was spun 180 degrees! Nick's freshly lubed cock worked its way into my ass as Tony's went into my waiting mouth! I moaned around his shaft as it entered my throat. They both fucked me slowly again, this time one entering me while the other pulled out. The sensation was indescribable! Bound, dressed in barely there lingerie and towering heels, placed on a spit between two cocks, and having those cocks swap from my ass to my mouth. If there was a way to feel sluttier I wasn't sure what it was! They swapped again, quickening their pace, pushing into me at the same time, sending me into orgasmic orbit.
"She's cumming!" One of them exclaimed.
Their voices weren't' similar in any way but I couldn't tell who was speaking. Whoever it was, they were right, my pussy was rippling with a massive orgasm. They continued fucking me right through it, adding the occasional smack on my ass between harder thrusts. I felt drool dribbling down from the corners of my mouth to my chin as well as tears slowly inching down my cheeks.
"Oh my GOD!" I blurted as they swapped again.
The guys laughed, easily thrusting their cocks back inside my body. Each time they spun me they changed how they fucked me. This time they were thrusting at the same time, but they slammed into me hard then backed out slowly. They did it again, and again, in perfect synchronized harmony. I tried to think how many times they'd spun me around, any time I got close to generating enough brain power to do it they'd spin me again. I was their fucktoy, they weren't fucking me for my pleasure, they were using me for theirs and I fucking loved it! My ass, throat and jaw ached from the seemingly non-stop battering they were receiving. I heard grunted conversation again, one last spin, the cock in my ass reamed me hard and fast, slapping his body into my ass. Hands gripped my hips tightly. They were going to cum! The cock in my mouth fucked me slow but still filled my throat with each push as I groaned through the assault on my ass. More words. The cock in my ass plunged and swelled before pulsing globs of hot cum into my ass. Spurt after thick spurt filled my colon. His hand released my hip, the back of it against my ass cheek as he milked his cock into me. I'd been spun so many times I had no idea whose cock had just filled my ass. When I tried to figure it out, I was spun again, the softening cum and lube covered cock was now in my mouth and the other one was now slamming into my ass in earnest. I wondered if I would break. My tongue autonomously lapped at the cock in front of me, cleaning it as best I could while my body was assaulted by heaving thrusts. That cock now buried deeply inside me, more white-hot jets of cum filled my very sore ass. My mouth continued to lavish the limp cock in front of it, until I was spun one last time. The cock that had just been in my ass, now covered with the cum of two men as well as lube, made its way into my mouth. For a second time a cock had gone straight from my ass to my mouth. I moaned as it pushed into my throat. The slutty feeling was undeniable and I savored it! My tongue swirled and danced around the shriveling cock in my mouth. I grumbled another moan as the weighted plug from the day before returned to my ass.
"Seems she likes that." Tony said from nearby.
I couldn't tell if it was him in my mouth or not. When the limp cock was removed my head immediately hung off the back of the chair. I was completely spent and thankful that I was bound to the chair or I would have fallen to the floor. While I wanted to move, or be moved, thankfully they allowed me to recover. My body shook through several aftershocks before they returned to me.
"Hold on a moment," Nick said with a very gentle tone, "we have a plan."
I may be moved my head half an inch in the form of a nod yes. It was all I could muster. My chair was slowly wheeled across the office away from Nick's desk toward the bathroom.
"We figured it would be safer than having you walk!" Nick said as they undid the cuffs holding me to the chair.
"Thank you." I responded weakly. Four hands helped me off the chair and into the bathroom. "The toilet please." I said between attempts to clear my battered throat.
"At least you don't have anything to pull down," Tony chuckled, "another reason for no pantyhose!"
They lowered me to the toilet seat. Every muscle and joint ached from my fighting the cuffs that had held me tightly in place. I was completely exhausted. Resting my head in my hands I looked up to see the two men, now wearing boxers or briefs, leaning against the vanity watching me.
"Umm," I said trying to lift my eyes to see them, "do I get to do this alone?"
"There are four cameras in here and more in my office," Nick chuckled, "you don't get to do a thing I can't see!" I blushed at the realization.
"Well," I said letting out a deep breath and releasing my bladder, "I guess that solves that!"
What happened next took me a bit by surprise. Tony and Nick got on their knees, picked up a foot, and undid the ankle strap on my heels removing them for me. They backed up enough to allow me to wipe and flush, then helped me stand so they could undress me. A minute later I was in the shower, they returned to the office but Nick left the door open under the pretense that he could see if I needed help. What I immediately noticed was that he could watch me shower from his desk! I washed quickly but more focused on letting the hot water pound my aching muscles with the massaging showerhead. Stepping out of the shower, I rubbed moisturizer on my skin, then walked back into Nick's office wearing only a smile.
"Feel better?" He asked as I approached.
"Yes Sir!" I responded with far more energy than when they'd wheeled me over there. "That shower is amazing!" Taking a seat in the chair opposite his desk I gave into my piqued interest, "You said you had pics of Victoria and your last office slut?" He nodded and smiled. "Can I see them?"
"I'll give you access to my personal folder," he replied with a smile, "you're in there too."
"I can't wait to see," I replied getting out of the chair and taking the boxes of new purchases with me, "anything in particular I should put on for the rest of the day?"
"Just your heels," he replied, "no need to dress up."
Putting on my new white heels, I neatly organized my new lingerie and other items in the bathroom. Normally I would have delayed putting them on but I needed to adjust to doing stuff in the taller heel. With that set I pulled on my dress then returned to my desk. Looking at the clock I realized why I was famished! Thankfully I brought a light lunch, which I started to dig into as I opened the link to the folder Nick sent me.
"Oh shit!" I said opening the folder with my name on it.
Everything was there. My three-way with Jimmy, the dildo and Steve; being fucked by Sabrina; the other night with Nicole and Denise; even yesterday with Nick at his desk as well as the night I'd run into him behind the bar! I felt my pussy twinge as I looked over my sexual exploits. Going to the main folder I went to the one with Victoria's name on it. There were over 1000 pictures in it!
"This may take some time." I whispered.
Victoria had the pictures organized by name as well as several folders. I dawned on me that, when the time came, my pictures would be first as the current string of pictures were of Brenda. Starting at Brenda_001 I slowly clicked my way through the gallery. Brenda had a tanned and toned body with very noticeable tan lines and sunlight light brown hair, she obviously spent a lot of time at the beach. At first, I sat with my legs crossed, squeezing my thighs as I clicked through each picture absorbing the image. Brenda was tied up, arms behind her back lewdly sticking her chest out, legs folded back on each other like a chicken wing, while a crop was used on her nipples and clit. Her eyes conveyed fear, then pain, then intense pleasure.
"Fuck!" I hissed slipping a hand between my thighs.
By the second girl I stopped looking at names, this one was a pert brunette in red translucent latex. A zipper gave access to her pussy and ass, both of which were filled with toys, a fat plug in her ass and a matching fat dildo in her pussy which were zipped inside her. She was bound to a four-post bed while a vibrating wand was used on her. In spite of how I was teasing myself I doubted I'd keep from cumming before I reached the end of the third girl. I closed the images then scanned the thumbnail for the one I wanted to see. Toward the bottom I found it.
"Jackpot!" I had a certain throatiness to my voice now.
Backing up to the first picture of that girl, Wanda_001, I clicked on the image. She had bright blue eyes, deep red hair and large breasts. Wanda stood naked in front of a plain white wall, sitting on a wooden stool. Wanda first pressed her legs into latex legs close to the same color as her own. She stood to pull them up to her hips, looking like she was putting on a second layer of skin. Wanda adjusted the zipper in the back to hold the suit in place then sat again putting on a pair of red high heels with what looked like a 4 inch platform strappy heels that laced several inches above her ankles. With those on the stool was removed while Wanda continued to disappear into her latex body. Sliding her arms into the appropriate holes, her fingers soon became latex mittens. What I couldn't help but notice were the two red latex condoms that hung between her legs. With the suit zipped just below her shoulders Wanda then worked the front condom into her pussy. All that remained visible was the red ring identifying her available hole. She repeated the process with her ass, tucking the condom inside herself.
"That certainly makes anal easy." I moaned softly feeling my impending orgasm growing.
Wanda gave the camera a kiss and wink before pulling the hood over her face, disappearing behind large cartoon blue eyes and a red ring with hanging condom where her mouth had been. She tucked the condom into her mouth then stood with her hands turned outward by her side like a doll in a box. An ill-fitting red bustier was added to her form, then a large curly blonde wig to complete the look. Wanda went from attractive, pale skinned red head to a life-size blow-up doll in minutes. Her large blue doe eyes, messy and overdone wig as well as lingerie and heels made her look like a horny guy had taken her out of the box and quickly dressed her (or blown her up) so he could get off.
"Holy shit!" I hissed as the next picture showed three muscular and well-endowed men joining latex Wanda.
Because there was no health risk the cocks could move between whatever hole they wanted. I doubted that the condom in her mouth allowed Wanda any ability to protest how she was being used. It was a scary yet enticing idea, they couldn't see her eyes pleading to stop, couldn't hear her voice or recognize any signal from the cartoon face. Latex Wanda was at their mercy and they took advantage of that fact! They took her every way possible, changed positions often, never leaving a hole empty for long. All the while Latex Wanda's big blue doe eyes looked vacantly at them. At the end Latex Wanda was riding one, had another behind her on his knees in her ass and the third standing to her side fucking her mouth. A position I knew very well but not quite like that! The images sent a chill through me as I could see her stomach ripple through the tight latex as he came again and again! The final picture was a gif, showing Latex Wanda's body quaking as she came.
"Okay," I whispered to myself, "I need something NOW!" Standing up I walked toward Nick's office door, which was open, and stepped inside. "Do you have a minute?" I asked feeling my heart pounding as hard as my pussy.
"Yeah," he replied with a slightly quizzical look, "what's on your mind?"
"I looked at some of the stuff in Victoria's folder," I said as I closed the door behind me then started to walk toward his desk, "it was intense!" Removing my dress, I dropped it to the floor as I approached him. "I'm not one to make demands," I replied as I neared him, "but I'm going to really need a couple things." He must have been shocked by my brazenness because he barely said a word and only nodded as I undid his pants. "I really, really need to cum right now," I said as I yanked his pants and boxers to his knees, "and by cum I mean I need to make an absolute mess out of that chair of yours!"
"We kind of have an agreement," Nick said almost sheepishly, "ass and mouth only."
"I'm putting you in my pussy," I replied as I swung my leg over his office chair, "because it's mine and I want your fat cock in it!"
It didn't take a lot of effort to get him inside me, I was beyond soaked and he was fairly hard already. Feeling him growing inside me even more was simply amazing, especially with the weighted plug still filling my ass! His cock stretched my snug pussy as I ground into his lap. Pressing my tits to his mouth, I pulled his hands onto my hips while bracing myself on the back of his chair. It seemed my aggressiveness took him by surprise!
"I'm going to need one more thing," I grunted as I plunged onto his cock, "I need a weekend with Victoria!" The thought sent ripples through my body as I pictured Latex Wanda and the others. "I don't care how you make it happen," I continued as I felt my orgasm quickly building, "but I need her to make me her bitch!" This time it was Nick who was speechless as I used him for MY needs! "Now spank my ass and call me your slut!"
"You like that slut?" He groaned after giving my left ass cheek a hard slap. I responded with a deep groan surely giving him all the answer he needed. "Cum for me you fucking slut!"
"OH SHIT!" I screamed as he smacked my ass again sending me crashing into a hard orgasm. I felt myself flooding his crotch as I came. "I can't stop!" I mewled as my body continued to grind into his wonderful cock.
He rewarded me with two more hard spanks to my burning ass. "Feel better now slut?"
"Almost," I panted, "it certainly took the edge off."
Nick grabbed my ass with both hands, rearing forward, he lifted me as he got out of the chair thrusting his cock further inside me.
"Now," he said depositing me on his desk, "let's get a few things straight." I propped myself up on my elbows, lifting my legs to let him get as deep into me as possible. "You don't get to walk in here and just fuck me," he said backing out to the tip of his cock before slamming back inside me, "I use you, not the other way around." His tone was ominous, he was in control again.
"YesssssSir!" I moaned as he slammed all the way into me again.
"You're MY fuck toy!" My pussy clenched trying to hold him inside me as he backed out leaving just the tip inside again. "And I'll whore you out any way I see fit!" The desk moved as he rammed his cock into me again.
The hunger in his eyes was something I'd never seen before. It was scary and terribly exciting at the same time. I wanted him to fuck me, better yet, I needed to be his fucktoy! His hands pressed on the backs of my thighs, spreading me for him and letting him control me. I felt another hard orgasm growing inside me. It seemed to start from my fingers and toes, slowly making its way through my body. My pussy was going to explode all over him! He continued to berate me, call me names, and tell me exactly what I was! I was loving it. I wanted more! I just kept replying "Yes Sir!" Then his cock swelled, his body tensed. It seemed to happen so quickly.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhfffffuuuuuucccckkkk!" I groaned as I started squirting.
His first spurt of cum filled my pussy, which was filled with his girth. To my surprise he pulled out, pressing the underside of his cock against my pussy and clit with one hand while his cock shot jet after thick jet of cum onto my body. I could feel the hot globs around my neck, tits and tummy adding to the slutty feeling enveloping me.
"Hold still," Nick breathlessly said, "but straighten your legs and spread them wide!"
With my legs straight in the air, I spread them as far as I could, feeling his cum seeping from my battered pussy. Looking up, Nick had his camera phone out snapping away.
"Rub it into your skin." He directed.
My hands rubbed his seed over my body from my lower abdomen to my chin while he recorded it all. Nick put his phone down, then used the head of his cock to scoop what was leaking out of my pussy.
"Clean up time slut!" He said with a wicked grin.
Slipping off the desk and onto my knees, I could see the cum covered head of Nick's shrinking cock. While I wanted to tease him, to take my time licking our delicious mess off his sensitive skin my desire and instinct overruled me. I immediately engulfed his shaft, pressing my chin against his wet balls and tasting our mixed fluids causing me to moan. Nick pulled his cock from my mouth with a soft pop, then lifted it to press his balls as much into my mouth as over my face. It was like bobbing for apples in water, except biting them was out.
"You'll need to clean up my office chair too," he said triumphantly, "but you can use a towel for that."
"Yes Sir!" I replied getting off my knees and heading to the bathroom.
When I returned, he had pulled up his pants and was using the speaker on his phone. I immediately recognized the voice on the other line. "Nicky, how are you?" Victoria's voice was cheerful as she called him Nicky. Obviously, not many people got to do that.
"I'm good Victoria," he replied with a smile as I used the towel on his chair, "but I also have a request." Victoria expressed her desire to hear more. "My new assistant wants to be gifted to you," he continued giving me a wink as he saw me titter with excitement, "for a weekend."
"Oh, I knew she was a horny one!" Came her cheerful response. "Is she still there?"
"Yes, she is," Nick replied with a laugh, "but I warn you she may be a bit sticky."
"Fucking in your office again Nicky?" She laughed as she spoke. "I'll be there shortly."
I quickly went from feeling like a cum covered porn star wearing nothing but heels while cum dried on my body to quickly becoming quite nervous at Victoria's arrival. Nick enjoyed my obvious anxiousness as he took a seat at his desk and waited too. As Victoria entered, full of confidence as if she owned the room, I was suddenly and acutely aware of how naked and vulnerable I was!
"Nicky, darling," she said looking me over as if I were a piece of meat, "don't you know you aren't supposed to fuck the help at work?"
"Three times today," he said sitting back in his chair with his hands behind his head, "and three yesterday; should I unfuck her or something?"
"You'll have time for that tomorrow I'm sure!" She said without missing a beat while also producing a yellow and black cloth measuring tape.
Victoria was very clinical as she started with the usual measurements, chest, hips, waist, and arm length. Then things got interesting. She measured my head, followed by the circumference of my upper and lower arms, wrists, thighs, calves and ankles. Along the way I noticed that she never touched me once, she simply commanded that I move a certain way, but the only thing that touched me was the tape measure! Considering the thoroughness of her measurements it was shocking that I never felt her fingers touch me, but also a bit of a tease. It was obvious he was doing it on purpose. Even when she measured from my bellybutton to the top of my clit her fingers avoided my flesh.
"That should be enough!" She announced.
"I was beginning to wonder," Nick laughed, "are you sure you don't need to measure her toes?"
"No, but that reminds me," she turned back to face me before continuing, "let's see how obedient you can be." My legs squeezed tight as she seemingly stared into my soul. "Give my shoes a kiss," she instructed almost coldly, "one soft kiss to each tip slut." I stood frozen, for a moment then quickly dropped to my knees. "And here I thought you'd gone full on bimbo on me!" She laughed from above as I stared at her black patent heels. "Let's go, I haven't got all day," her voice was sterner sending chills up my spine, "I have a latex order to put in!"
Pressing my lips softly to each shoe, I sat back on my heels wondering what was to come next. What came next was nothing! Not a word, not a signal, just me on my knees for 30 or so seconds of silence that felt like an hour!
"Nicky have a lovely night," she said without another word to me, "nice job picking this one out, she will be quite a bit of fun!"
"I'm glad you approve!!' He replied but Nick was already talking to the back of her head as she exited the office.
It took me a moment before I realized I could get off my knees. Standing finally, I composed myself, collecting my dress and heading to the bathroom.
"Just a moment." Nick called out from behind me.
"Yes Sir?" I asked facing him again.
"I think you should skip the shower" he said looking me up and down, "and cleaning up, you still have another ninety minutes or so and I want you to enjoy them feeling like the slut you are."
"Yes Sir!" I replied pulling my dress back on and heading out his office door to my desk.
He was right, as I sat there doing mindless work at my desk, I could do little more than focus on the feeling of dried cum and perspiration still left on my body and face. I hadn't even had the chance to check my face in a mirror, but finally caved in and looked using a small compact. My make-up was more or less fine, my hair a bit tussled, but for the most part I didn't look like I'd recently had my brains fucked out! However, I certainly felt that way! The fact that I could still feel all of it, the plug in my cum filled ass, the soreness of my cum filled pussy, and the dried cum on my chest and face, I was convinced that every person who walked past my office door knew exactly what I had done! The minutes seemed to tick by like hours! Eventually I decided hiding out in my bathroom for a moment might help.
"Dress off, door open slut." Nick called out from behind his desk without looking up.
"Yes Sir." I replied.
It took a bit for my bladder to be convinced it was okay to pee while being watched. More than anything I had to focus on not looking toward my new boss. With my, um, business done, I flushed and too care of other potty related things. By now Nick was looking up at me, I kind of hoped he wasn't ready to go again because I was suddenly feeling tired. I put my dress back on under his watchful eye then returned to trying to work. Managing to busy myself at my desk the time passed a bit quicker. It also helped that the FedEx guy showed up again with a few more boxes.
"These arrived Sir." I said carrying the boxes into his office.
"Very nice," he said giving me a glance, "no need to undress or open them now slut, I'll be busy until well after you leave." I set the boxes down, feeling a bit disappointed. "Yes Sir," I replied masking my disappointment as best I could, "anything else you need?"
"Yeah," he said finally looking up for real, "how did it feel kissing Victoria's shoes?" I shook at the recollection. "I'm sure you weren't expecting it."
"She took me by surprise with that," I replied feeling my hard nipples pressing against my dress, "but she has such a commanding way about her." I swallowed hard before continuing. "I've never been that big into bondage, or even women until recently," I continued as I squeezed my legs, "but I can't see myself saying no to her either."
"You don't say no now!" Nick laughed in response. "I get it though," he continued, "she can be very intense."
"Are you thinking I'm in over my head with her?" I asked beginning to second guess my earlier demand.
"No, not at all," Nick replied, "she's going to use you in ways you'd never imagined!" He sat back with his hands behind his head as he continued, "I think you should take the Monday that follows off to recover!" I blushed so deeply my chest burned. "Have a good night slut," he said returning to the stuff on his desk, "if you wear the shoes home just bring them back in the morning, your outfit will be out in the bathroom."
"Yes Sir," I replied wondering what I'd be wearing tomorrow, "thank you."
Returning through the bathroom, I put on my dress, then organized my stuff to leave. In the elevator I ran into a woman I used to work near. They were convinced I'd been fired! It took a bit to explain that I'd been moved upstairs and gotten a promotion. She gave my dress, heels, and obvious lack of a bra the once over as if she automatically knew the reason for my raise! Just like that the women I used to work with would find out I'm a slut who is fucking her way to the top! Oh well! From that point forward I decided that not only was I a slut, but I loved being one and would gladly own that title! I confidently strode to my car in my towering heels, feeling the weighted plug bobbing along in my well fucked ass.
At home I decided not to rush to clean up, instead I removed my dress and heels, relaxing with a glass of wine and nothing on but a smile. I waited until after dinner to bother showering and removing the plug. While I was enjoying the feeling of being naked, I really wanted to embrace my slutty side and put on something for bed. As I was sorting through my options a video call came in on my phone.
"Hi Sabrina!" I said as I put the phone on my dresser so I could keep doing what I was doing.
"Well hello naked girl!" Sabrina said with a giggle. "Just showered or something?"
I spent a few minutes detailing my adventures of the day to Sabrina, who was enjoying all of it and hanging on every word! As I did that, I put on a white sheer cropped tank top with lace along the straps and top and a matching pair of hipster bikini bottoms. It honestly covered nothing but it fit my mood! Sabrina and I did a little shopping online to pick out some other nighties and a nightgown or two that were much more for show than anything else.
"So, I have a question," I said as we looking through different websites, "today Nick told me that Jimmy said my pussy was off limits to him, what's up with that?"
Sabrina seemed uneasy with my question. She obviously didn't want to answer it, so I didn't press. The conversation seemed to stall out at that point, until she tapped into my perpetual state of horniness. In a matter of minutes, I went from asking an important question to slipping off my sheer bottoms so I could slip a dildo inside me. Propping my pillows up on my bed, I managed to stack my heels on the bed so my phone was pointed at me. Sabrina did something similar, soon she and I were staring at each other's naked bodies, dildos in hand.
"Ever do anything like this before slut?" Sabrina softly moaned as she teased herself with the dildo.
"No," I moaned in reply, "but this seems to be a month for firsts."
"I don't think that'll change anytime soon Baby!" she cooed slipping the head to her dildo inside her.
"I hope not," I groaned as I followed her lead, "I'm getting kind of used to this!"
"Used to what?" She asked slipping her dildo all the way inside her body, "Tell me slut, what are you getting used to?"
"That!" I groaned pressing the fake balls of the dildo against my asshole. "Being a slut," I continued, "I've had sex with more guys in the past weeks than I have my entire life, and all I can think about all day is fucking!" I suddenly lost track of what Sabrina was doing; I was still watching her intently but I needed to orgasm. "I mean two guys today," I said working the dildo in and out of my pussy quicker, "three of them taking me this weekend, plus my boss, plus the gross guy at the toy store, and now this with you!" My orgasm was rapidly approaching as I recapped my sexual activities of the past few days. "Plus," I moaned louder biting my bottom lip to keep from screaming, "Mistress Victoria is going to turn me into her latex bondage play thing soon!"
That thought was all I needed as it sent me crashing over the edge. Impaling myself on the dildo my entire body tensed, back arching violently, as I orgasmed hard. It took several more thrusts with the dildo until my body went slack and I collapsed against my pillows. My eyes feeling slightly heavy I watched Sabrina ride the wave of her orgasm as well. As she collapsed, we both sat there staring at each other, panting, dildos still lewdly hanging out of our pussies.
"And on top of all that I've come to two realizations," I said reluctantly pulling the dildo from my pussy, "apparently, I love the taste of cum on a cock, particularly my own, and I orgasm much harder with an audience!"
The 8" dildo I'd been using glistened as I brought it to my lips. I wasn't kidding when I said I enjoyed the taste of myself on a cock. For the past few weeks every cock that had been in my pussy, or even my ass, had ended up in my mouth. I now no longer expected it, I actually craved it. There was something depraved and extra slutty about sucking a cock clean! Holding the cock with my left hand, I used my right to rub my pussy, gathering up more of my wetness and smearing it on my aching nipples.
"Well then," Sabrina smirked as she watched my whorish display, "we'll have to see if we can get you more of those things you enjoy so much!"
"Yes please!" I cooed.
"Slut!" Sabrina laughingly replied. "You'd better get some sleep," she said pulling her phone close so I could only see her face, "your boss is going to play dress up with you tomorrow then share you with the office!"
"Ohhh fuck yes he is!" I shuddered. "Sweet dreams!"
I stood the dildo up on my nightstand, readjusted my pillows, and slid my naked body under the covers. My top and panties were nearby but I just didn't have the energy to put them back on. In the morning I did though, after sleeping like a log with dreams that would make a hooker blush!
"This needs something else," I said as I looked at myself in the mirror, "oh I know!" I went to the top drawer of my dresser pulling out a pair of white semi-sheer ankle socks with lace ruffles. "I knew I'd find something to wear these with!" I said triumphantly as I put them on. "Just one more thing!" I said to my reflection.
A minute later I was walking confidently, well as confidently as I could, wearing white 3" platform mules with clear straps to show off my semi-sheer socks. I looked like I was walking onto the set of a porno rather than walking to my kitchen to get a cup of coffee. Everything about me, and my outfit, screamed "fuck me"! Pouring my coffee, I decided it was time to have a little fun. I positioned my phone against the coffee maker, setting the timer to a 5 second delay and the camera so it took three pictures at a time. Taking a couple pictures, one with me standing facing the phone with my right leg in front of my left, a second from the side with my ass lewdly sticking out as much as I could and my arms above my head to give a clear view of my boobs, and a third similar to that but taken from behind I sat to view my impromptu phot shoot. With a little cropping they were ready! I sent separate texts to Jimmy, Steve and Nick with all three photos and a caption about feeling slutty. Then I just waited for the responses!
The first response was from Nick, I wasn't surprised by that given his work schedule, who seemed very pleased by my clothing selection. He then texted stating that I bring in the heels I had on so he could fuck me out of them later.
"They slip on," I replied, "what's the challenge in that?"
His response was simple, direct and made my pussy tremble. "I'll be fucking your mouth!"
Jimmy and Steve's comments were equally direct. In a matter of minutes all three were sending comments about how they were going to fuck me.
"Seems my dance card is pretty full," I said cheerfully sipping my coffee, "it's amazing what a little whore couture can do for you!"