Author's Note: This story has been submitted for theLiterotica Nude Day Story Contest 2024.

🎃🎃🎃

"Can't decide on a costume? You won't need one here! Announcing Our 25th Annual Nude Halloween Extravaganza!
"Live DJ! Contests and Giveaways! BYOB. Private Rooms & Lockers. Couples & Singles welcome! Reserve your tickets now!"
Brenda stared at the online ad for several long minutes.
It was the last thing she'd expected to come up in her feed when she'd done her simple Google search:"Halloween events near me."
She was just glad she'd searched on her cellphone during her break, and not on the company PC. She certainly didn't need HR finding that in her history. Especially considering the images of scantily clad women that featured heavily along with the advert for the upcoming party.
Brenda had never been to a swingers club before. Never even considered swinging. She'd married young, while still in college. Dan had been a good guy, at least back then. While never very adventurous, the sex had been fine. Great in fact. At least up until they'd both gotten jobs and the reality of juggling careers and marriage had kicked in.
It quickly became an all too familiar tale: the growing distance, the fights, the contradictory goals for their lives and future together.
When Brenda discovered that Dan had been cheating on her with a sex worker, she'd quietly packed her bags and gone to stay with her mother.
The divorce had been quick and relatively painless; other than the house they'd lived in, they'd had very few shared assets. Brenda had eventually sold the house, found an affordable apartment and moved on with her life.
Her first order of business had been a beach getaway vacation, one she and Dan had already planned and paid for when she'd thought there was still a ghost of a chance at saving their relationship. Just before everything had gone to hell and proven her wrong.
Despite the still fresh, bitter sting of the divorce, Brenda had enjoyed herself immensely on that trip, and had even engaged in some light exhibitionism that had drawn the attention of a lovely older man named Paul.
Brenda often recalled the fond memories of those long nights she'd spent with Paul during that week; usually while using her favorite vibrator.
Eventually of course, their time together drew to a close, and while they'd both enjoyed each other's company, they'd also recognized it for what it was; a satisfying but temporary fling. And so they'd parted ways amicably, with half hearted promises to "stay in touch."
Upon returning home, Brenda concentrated on her career, foregoing any kind of social life. But now she was looking to get out, go somewhere, do something, anything, to break free from the monotony.
And Halloween was just around the corner. It had always been her favorite holiday, and for a very special reason: it was also her birthday. And this coming one would mark her 31st. What better excuse to get a little crazy, right?
Still, up until the moment the ad appeared on the screen, she'd never considered anything even remotely as wild as a swingers club. She'd heard about them, of course. But she really didn't know anything about what actually happened there. Other than that people met up for sex, obviously.
Brenda eyed the ad one last time, memorizing the name of the club, The Purple Orchid, before closing the browser window. Her break was almost over, time to get back to work. But she was definitely intrigued enough that she'd decided it warranted more investigation when she got home.

🧙‍♀️🧙‍♀️🧙‍♀️

Brenda stood in front of the full length mirror and contemplated both her body and her attire.
"Am I really going through with this?"
After doing some research on swingers clubs in general, and The Purple Orchid in particular, Brenda had purchased her discounted "single female" ticket online.
She still had no idea what she wanted from this experience, but at least now she knew what to expect. While most people went to these types of places to hook up with other partners, there was no obligation to do so. Many went just to observe, or to have sex only with their partner while others watched, etc.
The most important thing to Brenda was that she felt secure, and the club rules stated explicitly there was a "No Means No" policy, strictly enforced. No one was allowed to touch anyone without consent, and attendees were under no obligation to engage in anything they were not comfortable with. She didn't even have to get naked if she didn't want to.
A quick trip to a Halloween shop on the way home from work had netted her one standard Sexy Witch costume. Because despite the "costumes optional" disclaimer, she'd still need SOMETHING to wear, at least while en route to the club.
It wasn't much to speak of, really. A short, tight black dress, low cut over the chest with a lattice of straps across her modest cleavage. The hem of the dress ended just below her ass and tended to ride up every time she bent or turned. Brenda wasn't sure how she felt about that, but had decided the worst that could happen is she'd wind up flashing some butt cheek. She'd done that before, on the beach trip, and it had given her a thrill.
Besides, a little light exhibitionism would be next to nothing compared to what some women there would probably be displaying.
Long bell sleeves with a jagged edge reminiscent of bat wings hung from her arms. A vinyl witch hat and faux leather lace up boots completed the ensemble.
Brenda had added some make up; dark black eyeliner, some rouge for her cheeks, fake eyelashes and ruby red lipstick. The costume had come with a long black wig, but she ditched it in favor of simply wearing her own naturally dark blonde hair.
All in all, nothing all that unique, or spectacular. Cute? Sure, for a basic Halloween party, perhaps. Sexy? In that generic 'Off The Shelf' way, maybe. There'd be women there in far more revealing outfits. But Brenda had chosen this particular costume for a more practical yet risqué reason: the ease of which it came off.
Because she was seriously considering getting naked.
She still had a hard time believing she was even thinking about it. Brenda hadn't even felt comfortable in her bikini on the beach, at least not at first.
It's not that she was ashamed of her body, per say. She'd stayed in good shape, ate healthy, did yoga and went for regular walks.
Her breasts were decently sized, and while they hadn't yet started to sag, they weren't quite as perky as they used to be.
Then there was her ass; nice and round and pleasantly plump. But with a hint of cellulite that wouldn't go away no matter how much she exercised.
Still, overall she still felt she was attractive. Not a stunner, but she could still turn some heads. She'd proved that to herself on that vacation.
And yet doubts crept in. Brenda wasn't sure what mortified her more; the idea of being naked in a room full of strangers, or the possibility they'd completely ignore her.
Her plan was simple. Show up, feel the place out, have a few drinks and go from there. If it was too weird, too crazy, or too humiliating, she could always just bail and go get shit faced at a bar somewhere.
With butterflies in her stomach, Brenda grabbed her keys, her purse and the bottle of her favorite wine and headed out the door to catch her Uber.

👻👻👻

The Purple Orchid was already pretty crowded by the time Brenda arrived. The first thing to strike her as she entered the club was how clean it was.
The second was the variety of people. While there were plenty on the younger side, there were also quite a few middle aged couples, of all shapes and sizes.
She was surprised most of the patrons were still clothed, although many, especially the women, barely so. While there were costumes all around, there were many simply dressed in a wide variety of lingerie.
The music was another surprise; instead of the usual techno club stuff she'd expected, the DJ was playing a wide variety of classics from the 70s, 80s and 90s. Much more her style.
Brenda checked her bottle of wine with the bartender, an adorable topless redhead, then took a seat to the side of the wide, spacious dance floor. She wanted to observe the crowd while she drank her first glass of the evening to steady her nerves.
It was mostly couples she noticed. Very few single men, even fewer single women. Although there was so much interaction between people on the floor it was tough to tell who was with who.
While the men mostly remained clothed, the women were losing theirs quickly. Especially after a few jumped up on the platform off to the side with a dancers pole and started a strip-off.
Brenda watched as a buxom older woman bumped and grinded up against a young petite blonde probably half her age.
A crowd quickly gathered around them as their antics continued, both women already bare down to their panties; large, mature breasts mashed up against tiny, perky boobs as the two women danced playfully together.
Brenda felt her own nipples stiffen as she watched. Part of her wanted to join in on the action; to strip off her costume and gyrate her naked body in front of the excited crowd.
But she wasn't quite ready for that just yet. Instead, she asked the bartender to top off her drink, then decided to explore the club further.
Adjacent to the dance hall was another section, filled with couches and cushioned chairs laid out in a circular pattern. There were small tables as well, many stacked with towels and washcloths. Brenda didn't need to speculate too much on what they'd be used for.
Several couples reclined on the couches, and her eyes were quickly drawn to one in particular; a thick brunette sprawled out on her back, legs open wide, her hairy pussy quite openly revealed as her man fingered her beneath her short Naughty Nurse costume. Her head rested on his lap. His cock was of course out and fully erect as she casually stroked him.
Brenda caught both their eyes as she moved by and saw a welcoming glimmer in them. She returned their smiles but kept moving, towards the rear of the club.
There she found a cramped hallway that led to several small rooms. Each room had a window, and there were several people gathered around one in particular.
Moving next to them, Brenda managed to get a closer view. Inside the room, a lovely dark haired Asian woman was taking on two men at once; one behind her, fucking her hard, while she expertly deep throated the man kneeling in front.
Brenda's heart raced as the scene unfolded. She'd watched things like this in porn before, but never live, right in front of her.
She desperately wanted to touch herself, to slide her hand under her cheap witch costume and explore her already wet folds.
Brenda took a moment to observe those around her. To her left, a young woman was fondling her boyfriend over his tight leather pants. To her right, an older, heavyset man quite openly jerked his short, stubby cock up against his wife's bare ass.
"Why not?"Brenda thought."Why not touch myself? No one would care. Hell, with the show going on in that room, they won't even notice plain old me if I slid my hand under my skirt, right? And so what if they did?"
With that justification, her hand moved quickly between her legs. She'd forgone panties under her costume, and so had easy access. Her pussy was already hot and slick as her middle finger delved between her swollen labia, twirling it around, teasing her entrance, gathering moisture before sliding upwards to make contact with her throbbing clit.
Brenda gasped quietly as she flicked her bean, her body already trembling with both nerves and excitement.
Tuning out the crowd around her, she focused on the threesome still happening on the other side of the glass. The three had changed positions; one man now on his back as the woman squatted atop his long, thick shaft. Her groans echoed through the glass as she gazed up at the other man, standing before her, his cock glazed in her spittle as she eagerly sucked it.
With a sudden yell, the man tossed his head back, signaling his release. The woman pulled him from her mouth just in time to catch his ejaculate across her face and tits. She coaxed the remains of his cum from him as she continued to ride the cock below her, and it was obvious from both her squeals and facial expressions she was experiencing her own orgasm.
Spinning around, she rode the man below her frantically, and soon enough he too was writhing in orgasm, pumping his load deep within her.
The woman collapsed over him and they snuggled together, kissing intimately as the crowd gathered by the window applauded.
Slowly they dispersed, leaving Brenda standing there alone, her hand still between her legs. She needed more. Although how far she would go from here, she had no idea.

🧹🧹🧹

Brenda stood in front of the full length mirror in the ladies locker room and carefully studied her now nude body.
She'd wandered around the club for awhile after the threesome show, and as the evening had progressed, things were heating up exponentially.
She'd even been hit on a few times; once by a couple looking for her to join them in one of the private rooms, and twice by two different single men.
She'd politely declined the offers, of course. With the exception of Paul, random sex with strangers just wasn't her thing. Although she supposed at this point she couldn't totally discount the possibility. The atmosphere of the place simply lent itself to being open minded and perhaps taking a few risks.
Like the one she was considering now. Brenda had removed her dress and was now clad only in the rather silly pointed hat and the fake leather boots. Her heart raced in her bare chest. Could she do it? Could she actually walk out of this locker room into the club completely naked?
"You look fabulous." The voice behind her startled Brenda out of her thoughts. Turning, she spotted a somewhat familiar face; the lovely young blonde she'd seen dancing on the stripper pole earlier.
She'd changed outfits at some point and now was donned in a "Where's Waldo?" costume, complete with the beanie cap, red and white striped shirt and matching thigh high stockings.
One notable part of the costume was missing, however: the bottoms. She wore no shorts or panties at all; her smooth, bald pussy completely exposed.
Brenda met her steel blue eyes and managed a nervous smile. "Thanks. I just was thinking about, um... oh, hell, I don't know what I'm thinking right now."
The blonde laughed gaily. "This is your first time here, I take it?"
Brenda returned the laugh. "That obvious, huh?"
The blonde moved beside her, primping at her long wavy locks. "Yeah. But don't feel bad about it; everybody has to start somewhere. You here alone, or...?"
"What? Oh, no, just... just me."
"Ah. Looking to meet someone? Or just watch?"
Brenda sighed. "I honestly don't know. Mainly just came to... I dunno, do something different. Something a little wild. Break out of my comfort zone. But I'm not really into group sex or hooking up with strangers or anything."
"Ah, I see," the blonde nodded. "I was like that at first myself when I first started coming here. I just liked to flash, to tease. But eventually I started joining in, usually with couples. But only ones I'm, you know, attracted to, feel comfortable with. But it took me a while to get to that point, and it's not every time. Most times, I just have fun walking around, dancing, watching, showing off a little."
Brenda nodded. "That's what I've been thinking about. Watching, mostly. Being... seen. But I'm just afraid things could get, well, out of control."
The young woman rested a hand on her bare shoulder. "Hey, relax. I can tell you, I've been coming here over a year now, off and on. Never had a negative experience. No one will touch you without permission; the rules on that are quite clear and no one wants to get banned from the place. They'll ask, but they'll be respectful if you decline their offers, and most are happy enough to just watch, or be watched."
Again Brenda nodded. "Thanks, I appreciate that."
"Look, I have an idea," the blonde smiled, "why don't you hang out with me awhile? We can walk around, enjoy the sights ourselves, have a drink together, maybe dance. It won't take you long to get used to being naked in a crowd, especially once you realize you're not the only one. Guys will check you out, hell so will some ladies. But there's so much nudity and sex going on that no one's gonna oggle us for long, because there's always someone else to look at too."
"Great idea," said Brenda. "It'll definitely feel less awkward than being alone."
"Well, c'mon then." The young woman took her hand. "Let's go rejoin the party."
As they walked hand in hand out of the locker room, the blonde leaned in close. "I'm Millie, by the way."
"Brenda. Pleased to meet you."
"Likewise, Brenda. Now, let's go show the boys our goodies."

🐈‍⬛️🐈‍⬛️🐈‍⬛️

As the two new friends made their way through the now very crowded club, Brenda felt her racing heart steady as she became more comfortable with the situation.
To her delight, she was already noticing the looks, although she wasn't entirely sure how many of them were for her, or for the lithe young beauty beside her. Still, it was nice, and admittedly arousing, to see the looks of desire thrown their way.
They'd made their way to the bar first, each getting a fresh drink. "Cheers," offered Millie. "To your first Public Nudity experience. How're you holding up so far?"
"Better than I thought," Brenda grinned, clinking her glass. "You're right; being naked in a crowd is a lot easier when almost everyone else is naked too. It still feels naughty, but in a good way."
"That's the whole point, right?" Millie smiled. "Trust me, give it a while, you might even feel naughty enough to do this."
Millie spun her stool around so she was now facing the packed dance floor behind them. The music was pumping and bodies were grinding everywhere.
Easing back against the bar, Millie put her feet up on the lower rung of the stool and parted her legs wide.
Brenda gasped at the brazen move; Millie's sublimely smooth pussy was now fully exposed to anyone who might look her way. Even in the dim lighting Brenda could see the details of her sex clearly; tiny, thin pink labia parted ever so slightly, peeking out from beneath her exquisitely plump outer folds.
Brenda had never truly considered sex with another woman before, but she'd of course watched some lesbian porn here and there, out of curiosity if nothing else. Millie's was the most beautiful pussy she'd ever seen.
Brenda turned her attention to the crowd, checking to see who might be looking and sure enough spotted several men openly staring at Millie's wares.
A tall, thin young man, his shirtless chest covered in a variety of tattoos, whispered in the ear of the topless brunette he was dancing with.
In moments, the couple approached them. "Hey, gorgeous," the man smiled confidently, "wanna come dance with us?"
Millie tilted her head, playfully considering. "Only if my friend can come, too."
The young man looked Brenda over. She held her breath as he met her eyes, then traced her body. "Oh, sure," he grinned, "the more the merrier, right?"
Brenda followed their lead tentatively. She'd just gotten used to being naked in the crowd, but off to the side, out of the way.
Now, suddenly, she was in the middle of a crowded dance floor. She barely had time to think about it though before Millie was pulling her close, swaying sexily to the beat as the couple moved to either side of her.
Brenda couldn't believe how quickly she was acclimating to this nerve wracking yet highly erotic situation. Directly in front of her, Millie swayed and rocked to the rhythm, making sure to shake her bare ass, drawing attention to her nudity.
To her right, the handsome younger man, shirtless, his leather pants tight around what appeared to be an impressive package. To her left, his partner, her large bare breasts bouncing freely, her bottom half covered only in some very snug booty shorts.
And Brenda in the center of it all, completely nude. Bodies in motion, skin on skin, the smell of sweat and sex filled the air, mixed with a hint of ozone from the fog machine the DJ would blast randomly across the dance floor.
And then the man moved behind her. His hands moved to her hips. "Is this okay?"
Brenda nodded her consent even as she took his hands and guided them up her sides to her breasts, his fingers eagerly exploring her nipples. Brenda felt him move stil closer behind. Something hard and unmistakable pressed up against her bum.
All at once she felt uncomfortable. Not that he was forcing himself on her, not at all. She'd fully encouraged him. But things were moving too quickly for her.
She felt his hand travel down her belly. She stopped him halfway. "I'm sorry," she began as she turned to face him, "I just..."
His concerned look stopped her. "It's okay. I'm sorry. Didn't mean to pressure you."
Brenda's tension released and she offered a grateful smile. "You didn't pressure me at all. I'm just... not ready. For that. Yet."
"Hey, it's cool." His grin almost made Brenda regret rebuffing him. "Maybe another time."
With that, he and his partner moved along, joining another small crowd of mixed genders as they danced wildly together.
Mille was at her side. "You okay?"
"Yes," Brenda assured her. "But let's take a breather. I could use another drink."
Arm in arm, Brenda and Millie made their way to the bar. Fresh drinks in hand, they then proceeded to the open room adjacent to the dance floor. There they managed to find an empty couch to rest themselves on.
Brenda couldn't help notice the plethora of couples around them, either engaged in a wide variety of sex acts or watching those who were. And even then, most of the voyeurs were openly masturbating.
"Pretty hot, right?" Millie sipped her wine, then reclined back deep into the couch cushion. "On nights I can't find anyone interesting to fuck, I love to just sit here and watch. Well, watch and..." Her legs parted, exposing herself, her fingers already working at the soft slick, feminine folds.
Brenda gulped at the casual brazen nature of it. Then she remembered where she was. There was currently a woman on the floor being spit roasted by two men. Another couple were locked in the 69 position only a few feet to her left. To her right, two men stood watching the couples on the floor while their lady friends knelt before them, performing very enthusiastic blowjobs.
On the couch directly opposite a single man sat simply jerking his cock. Brenda blushed and turned away when he caught her gawking.
Brenda turned her attention back to Millie, who was now fully absorbed in both the display of raw sex surrounding her and her own shameless self pleasure.
It was at that moment that Brenda was finally struck with the realization of just how attractive she found Mille. Brenda always excused her attraction to women in porn as simply finding the female form more visually pleasing to look at than the male.
But watching Millie masturbate, so unabashedly, so unashamed, so unencumbered by any of the guilt or hangups Brenda had been struggling with the entire evening, made Brenda almost burst with long repressed desire.
Her fingers found her own cleft, hot and slick. Her heart raced as her fingers worked, every nerve ending alive and on fire with longing. She no longer cared who saw her, in fact the crowd surrounding her never even entered her mind. Her thoughts were consumed only with Millie, watching the beautiful lithe blonde moaning and squealing with passion even as Brenda felt her own orgasm approach.
Millie's eyes went wide as she met Brenda's gaze, and Brenda saw her own lust mirrored in those steel blue eyes.
And then they were cumming, their cries echoing in the room, mixing with the sounds of so many others fucking and sucking all around them.
Millie collapsed into Brenda, and the kiss happened so naturally it took Brenda a moment to even comprehend it.
And then it broke. "Are you...? Do you wanna...?" Millie was panting, the pleading in her voice apparent.
"Yes." Brenda could manage no more words, but that was okay. None were needed. The two women were now communicating wordlessly, through touch and taste, bodies entangled, hearts pounding through their breasts.
Tongues danced. Fingers explored. The world around them faded as they became one, brains on autopilot, running on pure, animal instinct.
Brenda lost count of her orgasms, it was an endless rollercoaster of them. And despite it being her first time with a woman, Millie seemed just as pleased with Brenda's attentive ministration, her repeated girlish squeals of delight music to Brenda's ears.
When finally the two lovers collapsed together in an exhausted heap, their bodies were slick with the sweat of their exertions, and the subsequent excretions.
Brenda was snapped back to reality by the sounds of applause, and it took several moments before she could gather her wits enough to finally notice the crowd that had gathered around them.
Brenda blushed but managed a smile and light wave. Millie laughed loudly. "Thanks, all! Hope you enjoyed that as much as we did!"
The crowd laughed with her, then dispersed, save for one lone man. Brenda recognized him from earlier, when he'd been seated across from them, masturbating.
His cock was still out, and still quite hard as he tentatively approached. "I hope you ladies don't mind me saying, but that was... amazing. I wanted to cum just watching you, but I held off because..." His face flushed slightly, but he found the courage to continue. " I was hoping maybe... one of you... or perhaps both, might be... interested...?"
Brenda didn't need a verbal response from Millie, her look was in agreement with how Brenda felt. "I'm glad you liked watching, but... we're both not really looking for a guy tonight. Sorry."
The man blushed harder, but managed a smile. "It's okay. I... I had to at least try."
He turned as if to leave but then stopped himself. "Would you mind if...? No, nevermind." Again he turned away.
Brenda surprised herself by responding. "Wait. Mind if... what? You can at least ask."
The man turned back. "I... I can't stay much longer and I... I'm thinking I'm not gonna find a partner tonight, so I was hoping maybe I could at least... finish... for you? I mean, you know, while you... watched?"
Brenda again glanced at Millie to gauge her feelings before answering. "Sure," she shrugged. "Why not? Here, sit down next to me. Just... no touching, okay?"
The man beamed with happiness as he accepted the offered seat. Brenda couldn't help but look him over. He was an attractive man, definitely several years older, but in decent shape. Not generally her type overall but certainly not unappealing. And she certainly appreciated his mix of shy politeness, yet still having enough confidence to take his shot. Perhaps on another night she might have even accepted his first offer. If she herself were a little more brazen. And if she hadn't just finished a mind blowing yet exhausting session with Millie.
Still, she couldn't help but feel some tingles as the man began stroking his increasingly excited cock. "It... it won't take me long," he stammered. "I've been... edging myself... since you two started. I'm... so close... already..."
Brenda watched, mildly fascinated as he stroked himself, his pace increasing rapidly even as his eyes wandered over her.
Brenda felt Millie move in close beside her, positioning herself so she too could watch, as well as stimulate the man visually with her own body.
She also coached him. "That's it, hun. Stroke it for us. Stroke that big, hard cock for us. Show us how fucking horny we made you. We wanna watch you cum for us, just for us, don't we?"
Brenda realized the question was addressed to her. "Oh, yes," she agreed, actually meaning it. "I really do wanna see you cum, just for..."
The man's howl cut her off, his body snapping to rigid attention as a long, thick stream of cum erupted like a geyser, coating the man's chest, his body shaking, almost seizure like, as his climax ripped through him, sending more powerful spurts of cum across his belly, his abdomen, dripping down his fist, coating his now drained balls.
The man continued to tremble for several long moments even as he squeezed the last few drops from his still mostly erect cock. Just as Brenda began to worry for him, he let out one long, last sigh of satisfied contentment and relaxed back into the couch, the tension finally drained from him.
And then he was laughing. "Oh my god, holy fuck,that was... amazing!" With flushed cheeks but a grateful smile, he faced the two women. "Thank you. So much. You have no idea how much I enjoyed that."
"Actually, I think we do," Brenda smirked. "That was quite the load!" Thinking quickly, she retrieved a clean towel from one of the nearby tables. "Here, better clean up before it drips all over the place."
He accepted it gratefully. "Thanks. Yeah kinda been saving it up all week for tonight. I don't come here too often, they only allow single guys to attend on certain nights. Sometimes I find a partner, sometimes I don't. But I also have this kink about being, well, watched. So thanks again, I truly appreciate you indulging me."
After cleaning up, the man excused himself, and it wasn't until after he was gone that Brenda realized they'd never gotten his name. Just as well, she supposed. Again, while he was nice enough, she wasn't really that interested.
The person she was truly interested in was still sitting close beside her. Brenda moved into Millie's arms. Together they sat and cuddled on the couch, occasionally watching the other couples around them, but mostly having eyes only for each other.
It was Millie who finally broke their comfortable silence. "Was this what you were hoping for when you came here tonight?"
Brenda sighed softly. "No. Not at all." She laughed when she noted Millie's surprise. "Don't take that wrong. All I meant was I had no expectations to do, well, anything really, except maybe watch, maybe flash a little. I didn't expect to interact with anyone. And I certainly didn't expect to meet... you."
"Are you happy you did?" Millie asked.
Brenda leaned in, planting a soft, passionate kiss on her new lover's lips. "Ecstatic."
As the kiss continued, Brenda felt her passion rising once again. She also felt Millie respond in kind.
Finally, she broke the spell. "I want to continue this, I truly do. But what say we go refill our wine glasses, then take it to one of the private booths instead?"
Millie nodded eagerly. "Sounds perfect."

🦇🦇🦇

Brenda finally returned to her apartment around 3 AM. Exhausted, more than a little tipsy, and hopelessly in love.
Well, in lust, at the very least. But it was more than just great sex, she could feel it in her gut.
She really needed a shower, but it would have to wait. She would just have to change the sheets tomorrow.
Tomorrow. Brenda couldn't wait. She'd of course exchanged numbers with Millie, and they'd already planned a date.
An actual date. Just coffee. Maybe a very late breakfast.
Coffee, food, and some conversation. A chance to get to know each other outside of the crazy atmosphere of the club.
After that? Well, who knows, really. But Brenda, for the first time in a long time, felt hopeful.

💜💜💜

AUTHORS AFTERWARDS
Recently, I wrote a short little story calledBrenda's Beach Daymainly as a way of getting through a bout of writer's block.
Which I'm still struggling with, frankly.
I had no plans for a follow-up at all. But going through some unfinished stories I'd abandoned, I found one I started with the intent of publishing last Halloween but never finished.
Rereading the rough draft, I realized it could very easily be turned into another Brenda E/V adventure. Although I wanted to write it in a way that it stands alone and readers didn't need to read Brenda's Beach Day first.
And so here we are.
This also just happened to be finished in time to submit for the Nude Day 2024 Contest. Although I have no real expectations of winning.
Still, your vote by star rating couldn't hurt. 😉
Thanks for reading. Comments and feedback are always welcomed.