Life with a Nympho Pt 7. Meeting the Parents
"I don't think your mother likes me."
Once again, Kelly had awakened me with a bit of a bombshell. I would have preferred a blowjob.
"Well, my dad seems to love you, so you're batting .500. Not bad."
We had flown to my hometown the previous evening so that my parents could meet my fiancée. Our flight was delayed so with the three-hour time change, it felt like 1 a.m. for us when the cab finally pulled up at the downtown condo that they'd moved into after downsizing a few years earlier. I was surprised my parents were still up.
Luckily, we'd booked a suite for the weekend in a high-end hotel not far from their building. My mother had warned me that their guest room only had a double bed.
"We're told it's not that comfortable, dear," she'd told me on the phone a few days before our visit. "And I suppose I'm only assuming you'd want to sleep together, although there's always the couch."
You assumed right, Mom, I'd thought to myself at the time. As enticing as the prospect was of having Kelly practically on top of me all night, I knew it would be a lot more fun to be with her in a king-size bed in a luxury hotel. What they say about hotel sex is absolutely true.
We had a drink with my parents before excusing ourselves. We were somewhat invigorated by the cool nighttime air on the walk to the hotel, which led to a quick and passionate fuck before we both passed out for the night.
It was hard to see how my mother could have formed an opinion about Kelly in the short period of time we were together, especially when it was clear that we were both bagged after the flight. But my fiancée wouldn't let it go.
"She was polite and all that," Kelly said. "But I'm not sure she approved of me."
"Relax. She's been like that with every girl I've ever introduced them to, though just to put your mind at rest, there haven't been very many. The last one was someone I met in university so it's been a while. I'm her only son, she always reminds me, and she wants to make sure the woman I marry is an appropriate choice."
"I guess I'm out of luck," Kelly laughed. "I'll pack my bag and see if I can catch an early flight home."
"You're not going anywhere," I said, as I rolled over and got on top of her. My morning wood meant that I was ready for some pussy, and she was as wet as usual. I plunged my cock inside her.
"Seriously, we should tell her about my former line of work," Kelly joked as I continued to fuck her. "And then she could tell all her friends. 'Martha dear, I'd like you to meet Tony's future wife. She used to be a stripper!'"
"Stop it!" I demanded. "Or I'll pull out right now."
"You've never done that before, and I highly doubt you're going to start now," she responded confidently, squeezing my cock with her pussy and placing my hands on her killer breasts.
"Like I said, my dad seemed to like you," I grunted as I pressed my body close to hers and rolled over so that she was on top. "He's always been a breast man. I guess I come by it honestly."
"I was dressed very conservatively last night," she protested. "I didn't bring anything sexy for this trip. At least nothing I plan to wear when we're with them."
"It's impossible for you not to look sexy," I reminded her. "It's a cross you'll have to bear for the rest of your life."
"You can only hope," she replied. "Now shut up and fuck me!"
Kelly was now riding me in cowgirl, her fingers tickling my chest. She had a couple of orgasms, but I was in no hurry. Occasionally, I'd pick up the pace as if I was going to cum, but we settled in for a lasting and satisfying morning fuck. Eventually, I couldn't hold out any longer, and filled her pussy with my seed.
"You're fucking insatiable, baby. I can't wait until next time," I panted. "But I think we need to get get going. We promised to meet them for brunch at 10:30. What time is it, anyway?"
Kelly reached for her phone.
"Holy fuck, it's already 10 after 10. We don't even have time for a shower. I guess I'm going to be having brunch with Heather and Martin with their son's cum dripping out of my pussy."
I slapped her ass and we both sprang out of bed. We washed up as best we could and got dressed. Kelly put on a pair of skinny jeans and a long-sleeved plaid shirt that would neither offend my mother nor please my father. She even put on a bra, which was rare, and as I always told her, unnecessary: her all-natural D cups were so firm that they didn't need any support.
I opened the curtains and we briefly took in a stunning view of the harbour, with the mountains in the background.
"That's so beautiful," Kelly said as she pulled on her jacket. "We're going to have to come back here while it's still light out and enjoy it some more.
We raced to the restaurant, and somehow managed to arrive a minute or two ahead of my parents, who lived half a block away and prided themselves on never being late for anything.
"Sorry, got stuck in traffic," my father said. I'd forgotten that he'd invented dad jokes.
"You both look well-rested," my mother added.
"The bed at the hotel is very comfortable. We slept in and only woke up 20 minutes ago," Kelly lied. We were seated next to each other, and I had my hand on my lap. She surreptitiously reached over and placed it between her legs so I could feel her wetness.
The waitress brought us coffee and took our orders. I knew what to expect next from my mother.
"I held off on asking you a bunch of questions last night because I knew you were exhausted after your trip. But now we have all the time in the world. So tell us how you met and how it is you've decided to get married so fast."
It wasn't even ten seconds and she'd gotten in her first zinger. I loved my mom, but sometimes....
"Well, we met at a party last summer," Kelly began. "I was there with someone else, I'm almost ashamed to admit, but it wasn't anything serious. We really enjoyed our conversation but Tony didn't ask me for my phone number or anything, because he's always such a gentleman. I guess I have you two to thank for that."
Kelly was really laying it on thick.
"I broke up with that guy a little while later, and one afternoon, Tony and I ran into each other in a bookshop."
A bookshop? I couldn't remember the last time either one of us had read a book for pleasure. But at least it was more believable than the church social we'd invented for when we had to tell our future imaginary kids the story of how we got together.
"I told him I was now single, and he invited me for a coffee. We started dating and we really hit it off. I don't know if Tony told you but I'm getting my MBA. I had to take the fall term off because I was having trouble paying for rent, food and tuition, so after we got serious, he invited me to come and live with him. That's how I'm managing to go to school this winter. And it's been going great."
"I ran into one of her profs," I added. "He said she's a star student and he expects she'll do very well with whatever she does after she graduates in December."
I left out the part about fucking the prof's hot wife and the amazing threesome that Kelly and I had with Jennifer.
"You're getting ahead of yourselves here." My father had taken his eyes off Kelly's chest long enough to join the conversation. "Tell me about the engagement."
"I had a really good feeling about Kelly," I said. "Trust me Dad, she's been really good for me, and won't let me get obsessed with work to the point that my personal relationships fall by the wayside."
"What was that girl's name, the one you were dating for quite some time but never managed to introduce us to?" my mother interrupted.
"It was Karen, mom. I live on the other side of the continent, remember? I only bring the special girls home to meet you," I said, giving Kelly a chaste hug.
"Anyway, you were saying," my father said. He clearly wanted to hear all the details of our quick engagement.
"I had a strong feeling about Kelly. We booked a quick trip to Mexico and a bought a ring to give her, if things went well. Let me tell you, we had a fabulous time."
"I'll never forget it," Kelly interjected. "We spent a lot of time on the beach. That's when we weren't relaxing by the rooftop pool at our cute little boutique hotel. We even met a rich couple who took us out on their super yacht for a sunset cruise on the last evening of our trip. When we got back to port, Tony brought me down to the beach. It was a warm, moonlit night, and he got down on one knee and asked me to marry him."
"I know you've always said I was hopeless, Mom. But I guess this means I'm a hopeless romantic."
"Well, your father and I are very happy for you both. Have you set a date? Where are you planning to get married? Kelly, I didn't even ask about your parents. Will you want to have the ceremony in your hometown?"
"Unfortunately, both my parents have passed on. And I was an only child."
"Oh I'm so sorry, dear," my mother said. Then she turned her attention to me. "Perhaps you'll want to have the big event here."
"Mom," I said. "I haven't lived here in what, 12 years? I don't keep in touch with anyone I grew up with any more. I know you two have lots of friends in town, but this is our wedding and we want to keep it small and intimate. Since we got engaged in Mexico, we plan to go back between Christmas and New Year's to get married on the same beach where I proposed."
"Well I certainly hope your father and I will be invited," she said rather indignantly.
"Of course, Heather. May I call you Heather?" Kelly said. "You two are the first two names on the guest list."
I didn't know we had a guest list. I suppose what they say about grooms-to-be having nothing to do with the planning was true.
We'd finished eating, and there was a lull in the conversation. My mother looked at her watch.
"Oh my, look at the time. I need to get home and start getting ready for dinner tonight. We're having a roast. Prime rib was always Tony's favourite."
"And you cook it so well, Mom. Can't wait. But I want to show Kelly around the waterfront and we may take a nap. We're still a bit tired from the trip." I ran my fingers over my fiancée's crotch once again.
"Do you need any help with dinner?" Kelly asked. "We could come over early if you like."
She was really playing the dutiful future daughter-in-law card.
"That's very kind of you, Kelly. But you two don't have much time this weekend, especially since you got in so late last night. Go have fun and we'll see you around 5."
I would take that as my mother's approval to spend the afternoon fucking Kelly's brains out.
My father and I fought over the bill — I let him win — and we went our separate ways.
"So, after we take a quick shower," I said as we headed back to the hotel. "We can walk down to the waterfront or maybe hop on one of those tourist buses so you can see all the sights. I just hope we get back in time for dinner."
Kelly burst out laughing. "I know you too well. You plan to make me your sex slave. We're not leaving that hotel room until dinnertime."
"Not even to visit a bookshop?" I laughed. "Where the fuck did that come from?"
We walked hand-in-hand back to the hotel. Truth be told, it was a glorious sunny day — it felt more like spring than winter — and it would have been fun to be outdoors, if it weren't for the fact that we both enjoyed indoor fun a lot more.
The room had been cleaned while we were out, so we didn't have to worry about the maid walking in to interrupt us. The shower was nice and big, so we took the opportunity to lovingly wash each other's bodies. I dried off quickly and put on a pair of sweats and a clean t-shirt. Kelly remained in the bathroom while I called room service to order a bottle of wine.
I'd barely put the receiver down when my wife-to-be walked out to join me. She was wearing her tight jeans....and nothing else. Her hair was still wet — I could see a few droplets on her perfect breasts — and she hadn't taken the time to put on any makeup. I don't think she'd ever looked more beautiful than she did right then.
She tiptoed over — I'd never really noticed how sexy her feet were — and gave me a hug, then reached down and stroked my hardening cock lightly.
"It's been weeks since you took any sexy photos of me. I'm beginning to worry you no longer find me attractive."
"Are you out of your fucking mind?" I bellowed. "Let me get my phone."
"When I saw this view this morning, I thought it would make a nice background. Something to remember this trip by."
"Well, Mom's roast beef is pretty damn good," I joked.
Kelly sat down on the couch, with the floor-to-ceiling window behind her. She pushed her hair back and rubbed her hands over her breasts. I was already snapping photos furiously.
"I wish this room had a balcony," she said. "I know it's a bit cool out there, but I'd love for you to fuck me outside. I guess we'll just have to do it by the window."
I moved in close and took several more photos of her face and breasts. She stood up, raised her arms over her head, and I took more of her entire body. She looked like a porn star. As she'd predicted, the harbour and mountains made for a perfect backdrop.
Kelly lowered her hands and started undoing her jeans, but stopped when there was a knock on the door.
"That'll be the wine I ordered," I said. "Are you going to cover up?"
"Why should I?" she answered. "It's not like they've never seen naked women in a hotel room before."
"None as beautiful as you," I said as I went to open the door. I did what I could to conceal the tent in my pants. I opened the door and a young blonde — barely out of her teens by the looks of things — rolled in a trolley with the bottle of wine in an ice bucket, and two glasses.
"Thanks very much. You can leave it there," I told her. "We'll charge it to the room, and I'll make sure you get a little extra for your trouble."
It was only then that she noticed my half-naked fiancée sitting on the couch. She gasped and backed her way to the door.
"Hope you enjoy it," the young woman said. "Have fun, and let us know if you'd like anything else."
"Wow, you really blew that," Kelly said as I closed the door and put on the security lock. "You were that close to another threesome with a blonde. What's gotten into you?"
"The only blowing I'm interested in is you putting my cock in your mouth, and then me getting inside your pussy."
"Oooh, good one," Kelly laughed as she pulled down her jeans and slipped a couple of fingers into her vagina. "I wouldn't mind some wine, although I have to admit that you won't have to get me drunk in order to fuck me."
"I'm not done taking photos," I said. "There's nothing sexier than a beautiful naked woman with a glass of wine in her hand."
Kelly's eyes were full of mischief and joy as I continued to photograph her in different positions on the couch. Then she put her glass down, got on her knees facing the window, and reached behind to start playing with her pussy. I got close and took a few more shots.
"Once you see these, you'll know why I'm so obsessed with your juicy cunt," I said, putting down my phone and taking a big gulp of wine. Then I pulled down my sweats, got on the couch and rammed my dick into her wet opening.
"Are you sure we should be doing this," she asked, feigning innocence. "After all, we just got out of the shower. It would be a shame if we had to wash up again before dinner."
"Shut up, slut!" I commanded. "If you don't want to get fucked, then don't walk around a hotel room half-naked and practically beg for it."
I started slamming her so hard that she was having trouble speaking, though there was plenty of moaning. Eventually, she pulled forward and turned her head toward me.
"I was serious about you fucking me next to the window. I'd like to put on a show for anyone watching from that building just off to the right."
We stood up and walked over to the window. Kelly dropped down to her knees and started sucking me off. I looked out, and noticed there was an older couple out on their balcony — it must have been a condo — enjoying the afternoon sunshine.
"We may have the audience you were craving, baby," I said to Kelly.
"If that's the case, then I think they'll want to see you fucking me."
She stood up and turned her back to me, guiding my dick towards her dripping snatch. I grabbed her tits as I entered her. I was focussed on pleasuring my partner, but out of the corner of my eye, I could see the guy on the balcony pointing towards us, and his wife beating a hasty retreat inside.
"We better move away from the window. I think the old lady has gone to call the cops," I said.
"They live next to a luxury hotel. I doubt this is anything new for them."
"As much as I love doing it standing up," I said, leading Kelly by the hand to the bedroom, "The bed is always best if you want a serious pounding."
"Well, when you put it that way..." she said as she laid down on her back, spreading her legs once again.
"We've barely touched our wine," I said as I drove my throbbing cock inside her. "But I shouldn't make my lady wait."
We started in missionary, but continued in as many different positions as we could imagine, sucking and fucking each other. I brought her to a huge orgasm while we were doing 69, and it was all I could do to resist dumping my sperm in her mouth at the same time. As I plunged my cock into her cunt once again, she got a bit rough, scratching and punching my torso, which only made me fuck her harder.
Finally, I couldn't hold out any longer. I was on top of her once again, and she could tell I was close, so she clenched her pussy around my cock as she so often did. She was shocked when I pulled out, but not unhappy when I jerked off all over her breasts. I was surprised I had that much cum to release, but Kelly had always brought out the best in me.
We both laid on the bed, panting for a minute, then I reached over to lightly fondle one of her breasts, rubbing my cum over her nipple.
"I was going to finish inside you, but I didn't want to wear you out. And I'm going to want you again tonight after dinner."
"Just look at this big mess you've made on me," she laughed. "I think you're going to have to wash me off again after all."
Before we got in the shower, I went back out to the main area of the suite to refill our wine glasses and bring them into the bathroom. We had a few sips, then got under the water to clean up. Even though we'd just made passionate love for at least an hour, we were all over each other, kissing and caressing each other.
We had a bit more wine as we dried off, and I corked the rest of the bottle for later. I caught a glimpse of the clock radio in the bedroom; it was only 3:30, and we weren't expected at my parents for another 90 minutes.
"You know, we could get dressed and go for a quick walk down to the water," I said. "It's only four or five blocks. That way, you'll be better prepared for the third degree when my mother asks about your afternoon."
"That sounds like fun. While we're walking, maybe we can talk a bit more about our wedding. We never seem to have time for that. I loved it when you told your parents it was going to be an intimate affair, although with us, that's almost a given."
Kelly had chosen a bright blue dress to wear for dinner with my parents. It was form-fitting, but it didn't reveal as much cleavage as most of her other clothes.
"I think that will pass Mother's inspection," I joked as I pulled on a pair of khakis and a light blue button-down shirt.
"I hope you're okay with inviting your parents," Kelly said as we began our walk. "I realized afterwards that we'd never even discussed it."
"Of course I'm fine," I responded. "We're not all that close, and I'm sure my dad will complain to her about the long flight to Cancun, but we couldn'tnotinvite them. Besides which, I've doing a little research. We need some witnesses for the ceremony, people who know us."
"So you have been doing some planning," Kelly laughed as she squeezed my hand. "Speaking of which...I've kept in touch with Jess. I think she and Charles would be up for a return visit too. We'd just need to behave this time, with your mom and dad around."
"I'm not sure that'll be possible, But anyway, that should cover all our bases in terms of witnesses. You know me, everything has to be on the up-and-up. There's no point going all the way down there to marry the woman I love and then find out it's null-and-void."
"At this moment, I feel like we're already married," she said, stopping to give me a big hug and a kiss. "But it'll be nice to make it legal, and it will be especially nice to go back to Mexico during the holidays."
By then, we'd made it to the boardwalk along the harbour. I pointed out the neighbourhood across the water where I'd grown up, and we saw a couple of bistros that might be worth checking out for a bite before our flight home the next day.
"I think we better head back," I said. "We need to pick up some wine for tonight. I saw a shop around the corner from their building."
I chose a couple of bottles of Zinfandel, then spotted the bourbon that my dad had always loved, and introduced me to. We were only five minutes late arriving for dinner.
"Oh there you are," my mother said as she opened the door. As I expected, she was wearing a nice dress, and her hair and makeup were perfect, though she might have lost the apron to greet her guests. My father looked nice but was dressed a bit more informally. They'd likely had a "discussion" about that.
"Come on in and have a seat," he said. "You really didn't have to bring anything."
"I only wish there was a flower shop around," Kelly said. "But Tony assured me the wine would be enough."
"And there's a bottle of Basil Hayden's in there too, Dad," I added.
"The roast should be ready by 6," my mother said. I couldn't remember the last time I'd had dinner so early, but our body clocks were still messed up, and we'd only had one meal so far that day — and plenty of exercise — so I wasn't about to complain.
Once again, my mother dominated the conversation, peppering us with questions about my work, Kelly's studies and how we spend our spare time.
"How much of the city did you see today?" she asked after exhausting all those topics.
"Truth be told, not a whole lot," Kelly replied. "We went down to the harbour after lunch and sat in the sun on a bench, but I was a bit sleepy so we went back to the hotel for a nap."
A nap. That was one way to describe our marathon photography and fuck session.
"Well you're looking refreshed and gorgeous tonight, my dear," my mother said.
"Tony's never brought home anyone half as sexy as you are," my father added.
My mother and I both shot him a look, but Kelly laughed. I knew she wasn't offended, but it was nice of her to make him feel comfortable after his little faux pas.
"After dinner, we'll pull out some photo albums and show you pictures of Tony as a child and teenager," my mother offered.
"Oh I'd love that!" Kelly cried out.
"Let's not and say we did," I objected.
"Come now, dear, your fiancée needs to know everything about your past," my mother said.
"Sadly, I'll never have the chance to see photos of little Kelly when she was growing up," I observed.
"I might have a few in a box down in the storage locker at home. If you're good, I'll let you see them someday," Kelly said, with a look in her eye that suggested her definition of good wasn't what my parents were thinking.
Dinner was outstanding as advertised. My mother had pulled out all the stops, and it appeared she understood that this was a special occasion, as she let down her usual guard and let me refill her wine glass several times.
"Let's retire to the living room," my father said after we finished the dessert of homemade chocolate mousse. "Tony, we'll let your mother show Kelly all your embarrassing childhood photos while we crack open that bottle of bourbon you brought."
There were worse ways to spend an evening. There were plenty of ooh's and ahh's and a few gales of laughter as they flipped through the photo albums.
"When exactly was it when you became good looking?" Kelly asked at one point. "Because I seriously doubt I would have been interested in you when you were in high school."
"I would have worshipped you from afar," I responded.
"Actually, I was a bit of a geek back then," she said. I think my father and I found that hard to believe.
"You've done really well, son," he said to me quietly. "She's smart and funny and polite, and if you don't mind me saying, incredibly beautiful. Sorry about using that other word earlier."
"No need to apologize, Dad. She's used to it. She's also really comfortable in her own skin. I'm glad you two have gotten to know her better so that you know there's a lot more to her than her good looks."
"I still envy you coming home to her every night," he added knowingly.
"Come on. Mom was quite a looker in her day, and she's still very attractive."
"You're right about that."
"Tony, I think it might be time for us to go," Kelly said. She sounded a bit drunk, as we'd finished off the two bottles of wine we'd brought and my mother had opened another for the two of them to share. I looked at the bottle of bourbon, and my dad and I had put a big dent in it too.
"Do you have time to come by for breakfast before you head to the airport tomorrow?" my mother implored. "It seems as though you just got here, and we love Kelly already. It would be a shame if we didn't get a chance to spend a bit more time together before you leave."
I looked at Kelly, who had a big smile on her face. If she thought earlier that my mother didn't approve of her, she'd had a change of heart."
"If we're here by 10 and on our way by 11, we should be fine," she declared. "I've really had fun tonight. And be sure to send me some of those photos we looked at. I might be able to make good use of them at our reception."
"The poor woman's drunk. She'll never remember," I chided them. "Anyway, Mom and Dad, thank you. Dinner was amazing. We'll see you in the morning."
While Kelly might have been pulling an Eddie Haskell routine with my mother earlier, she was genuine in her praise as we made the short walk back to our hotel.
"Okay, I'll admit it was bullshit earlier when I was thanking them for raising such a gentleman. I wonder what they'd say if they knew you fucked me like a rag doll multiple times a day. And just so you know, I'm not complaining about that. But I truly do love them, and I hope they do come to our wedding."
I didn't realize how important those words were to me until we were in bed. We made love, as usual, but I felt closer to my fiancée than I ever had before. I set the alarm on my phone for 8 a.m. so that we'd have time for a quickie before packing up and getting over to my parents for breakfast.
Kelly's side of the bed was empty when the alarm went off. The bathroom door was open and the light was off, so I hopped out of bed to go find her. She was kneeling over the edge of the sofa, her pussy in full view, looking out as the sun rose over the mountains.
"This is truly beautiful," I said, running my hand over her back. "But you're even more beautiful, and I need to be inside you one more time before we leave. It's a long trip home, and we established on the last vacation that in-flight fornication is next to impossible."
Kelly got up, gave me a big hug and led me to the bedroom. Neither of us ever needed a lot of foreplay, and minutes later, she was riding me in our favourite position. As I groped her boobs, she came hard, and I emptied my load in her within seconds.
We scrambled to get showered, dressed and packed, then raced over to my parents' condo for bacon, eggs and croissants. They drove us to the airport and promised to visit us during the summer. As we settled into our seats on the plane, I thought everything was perfect. There was nothing to predict the turbulence ahead for us.