As Katie had left the store Mr. Ali had called Mr. Oldham to let him know what to expect and to let him know that Katie was high on the various stimulants and that he had managed to add the few pieces of jewellery sooner than he expected. The reason he mentioned the jewellery was that Mr. Oldham had arranged for a special seat and desk for Katie. Luckily the new furniture had arrived early and was ready.
Mr. Oldham was waiting with baited breath for Katie to arrive. She walked in to the office at 08:45 and he almost fainted. From his office behind his desk he watched he walk across the office space toward him. He breasts were swaying exquisitely in her top and her impossibly small skirt was doing very little to hide her pussy and ass. She was damn near naked.
She knocked on Mr. Oldham's office door and he beckoned her in. He was determined to play it cool and so he greeted her with a simple hello and immediately began talking about her work for the day. Katie didn't know whether to feel upset or delighted that that hadn't mentioned her outfit but as she was determined to make a success of this job she focused on his words. Her main job today was to get her desk area set up, answer calls in to the lab area and make sure that the staff had everything they needed. The idea of the trainee position was to observe, assist and then to take on work of her own when she was ready. She could do this!
With her itinerary for the day agreed Mr. Oldham shows Katie to her desk. The desk and chair had changed since her brief visit to the office the day before and it was explained that this was simply a coincidence as the chair appeared broken and so they decided to replace both it and the desk.
The desk appeared to be like any other. Very modern, a curved seating area and as with all the other lab desks it was a highly polished open metal frame with a clear glass top. One thing that did appear odd was a series of metal hoops that were fitted along the side of the desk and down each leg. They didn't appear to be for any use and so Katie quickly forget about them. The chair was what caught Katie's attention next. Firstly, it wasn't a chair, it was tall metal stool and it was very high which meant she would be sat with her entire torso above the desk, just her ass and legs below its level. Another odd feature were the foot rests. With the stool so high the foot rests would be needed otherwise her legs would simply be left dangling. They were simple in design, two steel rods at the end of which were metal hoops. Mr. Oldham caught Katie staring at the foot rests and so explained that the hoops were designed so that someone could place the heel of their shoe in the hole and take the pressure off their legs whilst they were seated. Katie nodded without thinking as her mind was thinking through the main challenge they presented. They were set at 180 degrees and the length of the steel rods meant that to put her heels in them she would need to have her legs fully open at the same 180 degrees.
Mr. Oldman gestured for her to take a seat and so she climbed carefully on to the stool. She was very conscious of the short skirt and although she thought that she had managed to remain covered, Mr Oldham had been presented with an unobscured view of her perfect pussy lips. Upon sitting Katie found the seat a little strange, not uncomfortable but there was something unusual about it. Most seats would be flat or have a slight depression in them but this one was semi-circular with the front half cut a way and in the centre it was slightly conical. The centre was actually a good few cm higher that the outer edges. As soon as her ass touched the seat Katie felt the pussy chain and pebbles pushed hard in to her holes and she let out a small gasp that did not go unnoticed. The shape of the seat meant that it spread her ass cheeks ever so slightly, but enough to result in the chain and pebbles to be in direct contact and as a consequence they were forced upwards. There were other design features with the new furniture but Katie would not find out about them until later.
Sat on the stool with her heels in the metal hoops Katie's legs were spread wide open. Her desk faced outwards in to the office and was on a small plinth which made it higher than the rest of the lab area. Because the seat was semi-circular the entire lab had a fully unobscured view and to make matters worse her swollen pussy lips were spread wide open by the embedded pebble and chain.
Katie was already squirming on the seat, trying to find a position that stopped the pebble from pushing deeper into her pussy, but it was no use. She could feel her arousal climbing and the moisture building in her pussy. She had to focus!
Mr. Oldham could see that the stool seat was having the desired effect and smiled to himself. He gave Katie a few final instructions and walked back to his office which was directly behind her desk. Katie had begun working though her first day assignments but already she was finding it a little difficult to concentrate. He sat and gazed through the glass wall of his office and watched as the girl repeatedly tried to lift her ass of the seat. With the foot hoops so high and wide apart on the stool she couldn't get any height before the underside of the desk stopped her rising any further. He couldn't see her pussy, but the view of her semi naked ass and asshole with the second pebble embedded was astonishing.
With the distraction of the seat and the constant rising arousal Katie had all but forgotten about her clothes which unless effectively managed, would inevitably begin to show more flesh.
One of the lab assistants had walked over to her desk. After watching her pussy grind on the stool seat for 10 minutes he wanted a closer look at this gorgeous girl. He had stood for a few seconds before Katie noticed him. It had a been a very pleasant few seconds. He had at first been staring down through the glass desk top at the girl's legs which were spread to 180 degrees. The skirt she was wearing had parted so wide down one side that the gap had opened above her pussy which was on full view from above. His gaze had then made its way to her chest. With just the one button holding the small sleeveless blouse in place it was losing control of her huge breasts. As with in the shop with the old man, as Katie had twisted on the seat her breasts and nipples had been moving in and out from under cover. There wasn't much cover to start with but the extra skin being exposed it was nothing short of spectacular. However, there was one difference to when she did the same exercise in the store. Her nipples were now engorged due to her new jewellery and so were not slipping back under her blouse quite so easily.
The lab assistant greeted her with a polite smile as she looked up from her work. He introduced himself as Matt and shook her hand. Katie returned the gesture and so he grabbed a chair and sat beside her. Mr. Oldham could see Matt's approach and was going to intervene as Matt had a reputation in the lab for hitting on, successfully, all and ever woman and girl he ever met.
For a few minutes they chatted about nothing in particular. Katie's mind was more focused on her nipples which seemed to want to join the conversation and so she was forever fidgeting with the blouse trying to pull it back over her erect and swollen nubs. Matt of course had seen her erect nipples and her jewellery when she first sat down, but chose to try and keep eye contact so as not to blow his chance.
As conversation began to dry up, Matt reached over to take closer look at Katie's agenda. He was leaning over her slightly but only for a second. For that second Katie was almost holding her breath and praying that her nipples would behave. It was quite a battle for her, as she was still highly aroused and she almost wanted to expose herself Matt and for him to touch her and relieve some of the arousal she was feeling. So, when Matt leaned back to sit down and placed a hand on her knee, Katie almost thanked him.
Matt continued to chat, mainly about her work, but all the while he was focused on his hand and every few moments he moved it along her thigh until his fingers had worked their way under the short skirt. Katie was beginning to tremble on the stool, she had forgotten about the chain, the pebbles and the stool seat and with the attention Matt was providing to her arousal was building and building.
Matt could see what was happening and so slid his hand further under the skirt until it brushed her clit. Katie gasped and shuddered as she instantly climaxed, but Matt continued. He eased two finders down in between her pussy lips and pushed them behind the chain and pebble. He gently slid the fingers in to her pussy, sliding them slowly back and forwards. Within just a few seconds Katie climaxed again, and then again.
Without realising, she was pushing down on to Matt's hand trying to get his fingers deeper in to her sopping wet pussy. To aid events Matt reached behind her and slid his free hand under her ass. From this angle he better access and he quickly worked 3 and then 4 fingers into her pussy. Katie was on fire, and ground away uncontrollably on his hand. Matt dared one more move and with quick flick of his hand he had pushed the second pebble out of the way and had lodged his thumb in Katie's ass hole. The next few minutes were a blur for the girl as her body rode his hand and orgasm after orgasm tumbled out of her. The whole affair lasted just a few minutes but she was left gasping for air and trembling uncontrollably. Without a fuss, Matt removed his hand and licked his wet fingers. He then kissed Katie on the lips and followed by each exposed nipple. As he stood to walk away told her that he would see her tonight @ 7:00 and that she should dress for fun!
Katie remained sat at her desk shivering with delight. Mr. Oldham was left dumb struck and reminding himself to thank Matt. Katie was regaining her senses and although her body was still on fire she was acutely aware of the display she had just put on in front of the entire lab. She desperately hoped that Mr. Oldham hadn't witnessed it and hoped that she wouldn't be losing her job.