Chapter 11
I got toy's clothes from the car and joined her in the shower. She just finished rinsing her hair. "Baby how sore are you?" I took the soap from her and started gently washing her body.
"I'm ok. I'll feel sore tomorrow, but for now it feels good. I like the pain."
"Toy, that's not right. You shouldn't like the pain. I need to better understand what you mean. Explain it to me, in detail."
She took the soap and washed me pausing to figure out how to put it into words. "Sometimes when we're at the gym lifting weights, you push me to lift just a little more. I get a burn in my muscles that feels good. The burn makes me shut out the world. Nothing is on my mind except lifting and the pain. I know the pain will be good and all I want is to keep lifting, keep going for more burn. It's kind of like that. She smiled wide. I also get the bonus of pleasing my Dom at the same time. Didn't you like watching and filming me while I... while I...?" She buried her face in my chest then she peaked between her wet hair to look into my eyes. Timidly she smiled "I just masturbated in front of you didn't I?
"Twice and once was in the middle of the mall and I absolutely loved it." I smiled down at her. "But I don't like seeing your poor little titties being pulled off your chest or turning so purple. I loved giving you a little pain, like swats on your sweet ass, and pinching your nipples, maybe sometimes slapping your tits. I'm not ok with making you black and blue. The way you explained what happens at the gym makes perfect sense. I completely understand why you like the pain. But think about this. You're so turned on because of your exhibitionism and thinking about different kinds of sex with different people too. You did think about having sex with Tim and Brayden didn't you?" I haven't recovered enough yet to get hard but the burn in my stomach was coming back fast.
She was soaping my semi limp cock into a lush lather but stopped and lowered her head mumbling "kind of."
"Toy its ok as long as we talk about it. But that's a discussion for another time."
I spun her around so her back was to me. Reaching around her I fingered her clit and started kissing her neck. "I don't want either of us to fall. Kneel, I'll be right here with you." We knelt in the tub, my face pressing against her back. "Toy, this will have to do until we're done shopping. Don't ask questions."
Toy put her head under the water and her hands on the wall allowing the shower to cascade over her back. Water was splashing everywhere and I didn't care. I slid my hand down her backside, over her ass bud and through her smooth pussy lips. Thank God she liked to shave herself. She left a little strip above her clit but the rest is smooth. The cascading water followed her ass crack and across the back of her thighs. "Keep your hands on the wall. You've done enough touching today."
She breathed a heavy "OK." Whack. I smacked her ass just once. It sounded like thunder with the water cascading over it. "OK SIR, OK."
I felt like a contortionist, putting my legs up the wall so I could slid on my back underneath toy. The bath tub walls kept her knees from spreading wide, but I managed to get my head between her legs. I started sucking her delicious pussy lips and her hole, appreciating the wonderful job she did getting all of my cum out of her pussy. I devoted some time to her clit and fingered her rosebud with just one finger and only to the first knuckle. She was squirming. I reached up and cupped her swaying breasts teasing those delightful puckered nipples with light pinches.
She started moaning from the minute my tongue hit her pussy "MMMMMM." I stopped licking and put my thumb in her ass and two fingers all the way inside her pussy "MMMMMM." I stroked fingers and thumb in and out at the same time.
My cock was recovering nicely. I stood and lifted her with me turning her to face me. With my hands on her shoulders I pushed her to her knees. "Suck me." She is still bad at giving head. She tries really hard but she just isn't very good yet. She seemed to relax with the hot water splashing on her back remembering what I'd taught her about pleasing me with her mouth. She was licking the underside of my cock with just the right amount of pressure, sliding from base to head. When her tongue reached my head she sucked it inside her mouth and tried to take it all the way in. My hands were on her head and I stopped her. "Don't try that yet. Just enjoy what you can do for now." She nodded and said something that was all garbled. Tonight she was as good as she's ever been. Several minutes later I was fully erect.
I helped Toy to her feet and placed her hands back on the wall facing away from me. Before I got in the shower I grabbed the tube of sex lube that Chris started carrying in her purse. I generously lubed my cock and very gently slid into her asshole. We were in the shower and it was perfect. Lubrication and an easy wash off afterwards. I reached for her clit and started drawing circles around it pumping my cock into her at the same time. After my first time cumming I usually last a lot longer. This time was no different. She had several orgasms with me in her ass and playing with her clit. "Sir. Please fuck my cunt? I really need you inside my cunt."
I pulled out and handed her the soap. "Wash me up really good. I don't want you to get an infection."
She put the shower soap back and grabbed the hand soap from the bath sink. It was anti-bacterial. "Oh I'm so lucky. My slut's not only obedient and gorgeous but she's smart too." We laughed as she lathered my cock. I grabbed a hotel towel that was so rough it almost hurt as I dried us both off. I led Chris to the bed where she lay on her back. I crawled up her legs stopping for another taste of her sweat pussy. Gently and slowly I worked up her body until my cock was poised at her opening. Pausing for a long minute before slowly sliding my cock all the way inside her wet cunt in one stroke. "Is this what you need?"
"MMMMMM, oh yes sir." I don't think I can go deeper but toy knew better. She wrapped her legs around my back and pulled me in. "OH FUCK you feel good. Sir, fuck me. I'm ready. Fuck me hard pleeeeease." I pumped a dozen strokes pushing deeper with each thrust. I pulled out, flipping her over so she was on her hands and knees and I slammed into her vigorously fucking her with steady strokes. I knew I'd last a long time but the payoff is that I will only cum a thimble full and I'm ok with that.
I grabbed her hair and pulling her head back. She's been hurt enough so I didn't pull hard. "Stroke your clit my slut, but be gentle. If I think you are pulling too hard I'll stop fucking you and spank the hell out of you." I let go of her hair and with both hands I reached down to caress her tits. They were swinging wildly and I don't want them hurt any more tonight. I'm having trouble plunging deep inside. Every time I try she flew forward, away from my thrusts. I let go of her tits and pulled her off the bed. Her feet hit the floor and her upper body lay flat on the bed.
She slid her free hand down to her pussy and spread her lips wider for me. "UUUNNNGGGGGG... OH FUUUUUCK..." she gasped. She panted and just keeps moaning. The slurping noises her pussy is making intensified the burn in my stomach tenfold. Between that, the feel of her wet cunt and her moaning I didn't last as long as I thought I'd be able to. Or maybe I've just lost track of time. I exploded with buckets of cum, which was really unusual. I expected no more than an eyedropper full.
Chris told me later "I watched the nightstand clock and when I was standing on the floor you fucked me for almost ten minutes straight. Sir you only shot a little cum but after you came you just kept pounding me."
The truth comes out, it was only a little cum. I'm not disappointed by the truth of my stamina. I was happy toy was being well fucked and she's deliriously happy. "Is your body satisfied yet?"
She rolled over and beamed a million dollar smile at me. Damn she's gorgeous. "For now my stud. You're the best Dom a slutty sub could ask for. But." She smiled wickedly at me. "You need to feed me. I'm starving. After I eat I'll be ready to fuck some more." She got up to shower again. I took a much needed nap.
An hour later I woke up laying on the edge of the bed. I opened my eyes and was staring at a toy's beautiful pussy. After she was clean, dried, made up and dressed she pulled a chair up to the edge of the bed. Her hair was done, and she has applied what little makeup she has with her. She sat fully dressed and was watching me as I slept. Her knees are parted wide and her feet were propped on either side of me head.
Toy had her tablet and was journaling. Without a dry pair of panties her pussy is completely open to me. She smelled clean but there is a slight scent of arousal. Her lips are swollen and bright red. I'm not sure if it's from all the playing and abuse or her new excitement. I leaned in and took a deep breath and I knew for sure, she's excited again. As I become more awake my eyes started to focus. I can see she's also very, very wet. Her clit is redder than usual and it has popped free from its hood. She smiles down at me so wickedly my cock jumped. "Fuck. Are you ready again? I thought you needed food?"
"Tube steak will do, Sir" she playfully announced with a smile like a Cheshire cat.
I sat up between her feet and started running my hands up her freshly shaven legs. With my best stuffy butler accent I said "Madam, tube steak has to be properly aged before serving. If it is served too soon it will be limp and will not have any juice what so ever." I slid two fingers into her sopping wet pussy. "However our other customer for the evening is requesting taco salad, and it appears that spectacular dish is more than ready for consumption." I abruptly grabbed her and threw her on the bed. Spreading her legs and began licking her delicious pussy. She moaned and cooed as I licked and nibbled. I was gentle but still gave her what she needed. I started feeling my cock stir. I'm hard enough to fuck her but I wanted to save it for later.
"Sir, I need to be fucked some more."
"Sorry baby. You're going to have to suffer with just a good eating." She reached for her tits. I pulled my head up. "LEAVE THOSE TITS ALONE. If I want them played with I'll do it." I put my head back down and continued to drive her to another orgasm.
"Will you at least finger fuck me while you eat?"
"You're such a nasty slut. Ya I'll gladly finger fuck you." Two fingers slid inside her and immediately went for her G-spot. I grabbed her clit with my lips and pulled with firm pressure, holding it in my mouth I flicked it with my tongue. The combination of my mouth on her clit and fingers on her G-spot sent her into orbit.
"UUUNNNGGGGGG." Her back arched, knees slammed into the sides of my head and her hips shot up almost breaking my teeth. "FUUUUUUCK." She was panting hard. "I ... don't know... how ... you... do... that. You know... just... how... to get me ...OFFFFF. UUUNNNGGGGGG." She collapsed, gasping for oxygen, her fingernails almost ripping the sheets. I relaxed my mouth and fingers for ten seconds and started again but this time when she came I didn't stop until I was sure she had another two orgasms.
After she relaxed I climbed up next to her and put my two pussy soaked fingers into her mouth. "Suck these clean you slut."
Toy twisted her head from side to side refusing to take my fingers "EWWWWW. Not my own juice. That's nasty." Then she smiled her wicked smile, grabbed my hand and almost sucked the skin off my fingers. "UMMMMM."
I pulled her to her feat. "Lets go."
She headed to the bathroom "I need to clean up. I'll only be a few minutes."
"No. I want to be able to smell your tasty pussy. I want everybody to smell your sweet, wet cunt. It'll take fifteen minutes to get to the next store. I'll watch for a restaurant on the way."
"NO. Sir, please no. Let me clean up first. You don't want to eat smelly pussy do you?" It was an absurd statement and she knew it.
I quickly grabbed all of our stuff, headed to the door with her in toe. "As long as there's no sperm in your pussy I'll eat you anytime. Besides maybe I won't be the one who eats your pussy next. Hummm what-cha think about that my slut?"
"Dom, no. I'm not ready for that. Not yet. Don't make me use the safe word. It'll only ruin the night."
She's right and I don't want to ruin our night. I know if she uses the safe word it'll definitely spoil the mood. I've every intention of sharing my little slut with other men, and other women for that matter but I don't want to scare her off of the idea. I have to take it slow with this. It isn't quite time for sharing, not yet. But she doesn't have to know that. I like to keep her guessing. Besides if the right opportunity arose?
"Toy if I want to share my slut I will. I'll share her whenever I want, with whomever I want, wherever and however I want. It's not up to you to decide. But I do hear your request. I'm just not going to tell you right now what I've decided for tonight." She knew that I was playing with her. Or was I? She had some looks of doubt.
"Sir, I still have some of my belly and hips to get rid of. I'm fifty years old. I don't want to be old and fat when I take my clothes off in front of anybody else. I want to look and act hot enough that anybody you choose for me will want to be with me because I'm attractive. It's especially important to me because in today's society any man, young or old can be with any nineteen year old teenybopper pussy they want. I'm not saying no, just not yet please?"
"Toy, I'm very proud of the healthy lifestyle you've gotten used to. You've lost two dress sizes. You have always been so sexy looking but now you look very, very fucking HOT. And don't think for a second that the young guys don't look at you and want to fuck you right now. I've got a video to prove it." I grinned at her and she gave me a big smile. How hungry are you? Can you wait for another half hour?"
"There" she pointed. "Pull into that Target and I'll get a coffee and something to hold me over."
This'll work out well. Her outfit's been through enough for today. I want to get her some fresh clothes. Chris usually wears pretty high dollar stuff but for tonight I don't think she'll care where a new outfit comes from. We both got coffee and a pastry. "Pick out some new gym clothes, and socks. I'll pick out several pairs of panties, and a long night shirt with buttons all the way up the front for the drive home. Once you find the gym clothes you need to pick out an outfit for the evening."
She was shopping and had a broad smile on her face. "Where're we going? I don't know what to pick out. Jeans or a ball gown? Cowgirl boots or pumps?"
"You're always asking me to take you out clubbing. We've one stop after this and then I'm taking you to a club and I am going to try and not make a fool out of my self while I dance with my beautiful toy. I don't think they have ball gowns here so that's out. Let's see what you come up with for clubbing clothes." OMG that was all I had to say. She was gone in a flash. I yelled after her "bring them to the dressing room. You have to try them on for me."
I wasn't dressed for clubbing either. I found a pair of slacks, a dress shirt and a tie for myself. Just in case I needed one. I headed for the dressing room. It was about six in the evening and surprisingly the store was almost empty. Luck has been on my side all day. There was a family dressing room that looked big and had a full door on it. Chris came toward me with an armload of clothes. I stepped inside and motioned for her to join me.
We were both inside with the door closed. She whispered "what are you up to? You said we wouldn't play when kids or elderly people where around. I think this qualifies."
"I'm just trying on clothes. What did you have in mind?" For the mood she's in I probably shouldn't have asked her that. She dropped to the floor and so did my pants. My cock instantly got sucked into her mouth. Still flaccid from earlier she thought it was her fault I couldn't get hard. She sadly looked up at me almost crying and whispered "teach me Sir. I want to learn to be a better cock sucker."
I knelt, kissed her deep and hugged her tightly to me. My mouth was next to her ear. "The first lesson is enthusiasm. You're great in that department. You pass with flying colors. I'll think about of how to teach you lesson two. Chris, my cock didn't jump to attention because you've worn him out and he's still recovering. It's not you. He couldn't get hard right now if ten naked beauties were sucking me. Now let's get changed and see if we can look like we'd fit in with the club crowd."
Two of the outfits she picked out are fantastic. They're stylish and slutty at the same time. Perfect. She hated what I picked out for myself and went to get something else. "OK clothes are done. Let's get the rest of the stuff. She looked at me with those big questioning eyes. I picked up a second tie. "I might need something to tie you up with later." Then I grabbed a box of condoms, a big tube of lube, some rope, scissors and a spool of black thread, some protein bars and a case of water. Chris got some make up items and a bottle of Eau da toilet for her and picked a bottle of colon for me.
She laughed. "Oh, like the clerk's not going to know what we're up to."
I smiled "chances are one in a million that we'll ever see this clerk again. What do we care?"
She looked at me, smile and nodded "very true. What do we care?"
I drove to a gas station and parked under a light near the bathroom. Grabbing the tripod and camcorder I set it up to record Chris while she is getting changed into her new clothes. "Change into your favorite outfit of the two. I'll be right back." I grabbed my bag of clothes and went to the bathroom. Now I am not shy by any stretch of the imagination but most of the time Chris is very modest about her body. Because I love to push and stretch her she can get changed in the car. She'll hate every minute of being naked in the car, under the street light where anybody walking down the sidewalk will be able to see her.
I was dressed in a flash peeking through the bathroom door at the site of my awesome sub. I never knew just how much I love to watch her. Or how much she hates to be pushed into exhibitionism; but only sometimes. If it's her idea it's ok, but not if it's her Dom's idea. She's blushing, anxiously looking around to see who's looking at her as she discards the blouse she's wearing. She starts fumbling with her new blouse, topless for a minute almost in hysteria. Her hand finally pops free from the tight sleeve and she quickly tugs the blouse shut and buttons it closed.
With trembling hands she tried to put the skirt on, having just as much trouble as she had with the blouse. She pulled on a pair of new panties and decided to get out of the car to put the skirt on. I expected she would do something like that and I quickly and quietly moved to the back of the car unnoticed. I lowered my voice trying to disguise it "that's pretty brave of you. Standing here in your panties so everybody in the city can see your sweet ass. You must be a slut. Can I feel your panties?" Startled she jumped and then froze with horror from the thought of somebody this close to her as she stood in just blouse and panties. She had her skirt on in a flash never turning around to look at her voyeur. I came up and hugged her, laughing.
"You asshole. Sir. I wet my fresh panties. Damn it." She stood with her legs spread apart.
I laughed really loud. "Toy you've had wet panties all day. Besides I don't expect them to stay dry very long anyway. That's why I bought you so many pairs. But I wasn't going to let you wear them now anyway. Take them off. Grab your makeup and go freshen up in the bathroom so we can go." I had her tablet out taking pictures of her as she walked back to the SUV. She had on a really sexy purple patterned skirt that was cut long in the back and short in the front. Her blouse was a long sleeve, button up style with silver sparkles on a black satiny material. She wore the pumps we bought earlier from Jennifer. They were a good match for this outfit. She's stunning. She's HOT and I'm hard again.
Chapter 12
We pulled into the parking lot of the Adult novelty and clothing store. "Chris, keep your hands out of your cookie jar. I'll only be inside for ten minutes."
She nodded and I could hear her snickering as I was got out of the SUV. "Cookie jar? Oh I get it. It's were I keep my sweet treats." A loud giggle escaped from her lips and she blew me a kiss. I love how we're on the same wave length most of the time.
On my way inside I noticed a beautiful woman walking out as I walked in. She was probably early fortyish, dressed in a very fashionable, pants suit, four inch CFM stilettos, light make up and just a few pieces of very fashionable jewelry. Her blouse is unbuttoned to the middle of her breasts and her cleavage is very visible. She wore no wedding ring. She's as HOT as Chris is.
Once inside I quickly looked around. The store looked more like a clothing and lingerie store. On the other side of the room I found a door marked Novelty and headed straight to it. I didn't want to spend a lot of time here, at least not tonight. The novelty room is good sized and there is a large assortment of items from anal plugs to whips. It took me a few minutes to find what I was looking for. There were at least twenty different ones. "Excuse me I have a few questions." The sales woman looked about the same age as Cheryl. Getting help from this girl leaves me in a difficult quandary. If it was Cheryl standing in front of me could I ask her to help me with what I was looking for? This girl is somebody's daughter too. "I'm looking for the most knowledgeable salesperson that can give me some information about these." I waved my hand at the assortment of steel balls.
"That would be Miss Jillian. She's the proprietor and she knows about everything here" the sales girl said with a smile.
"Miss Jillian? Can I speak to her please?"
"I'm so sorry sir but you just missed her. I saw her leaving as you came in. She's usually only available for a few hours, around lunch time on the weekends. Today she had to stay late to cover dinner shifts because of vacations and a few of our associates are ill. Would you allow me to assist you in Miss Jillian's absence?"
She was very polite and proper. Like the proprietor she was well dressed in business casual slacks and blouse unbuttoned to the middle of her breasts, high heels, and light makeup. Not at all what I expected in an adult novelty store. I just couldn't get over the fact that this could be my daughter, right here, right now speaking to a strange man about sex toys. They were about the same age and...
She stepped closer and put her hand on my forearm in a comforting way. "How old is she?"
I was startled by her actions. "I'm sorry. What did you say?"
"I was referring to your daughter. How old is she? About my age? Is that what you were guessing?"
I regained my composure "I'm sorry. It was rude of me to stare. Yes she would be about your age. What gave me away?"
She looked me square in the eye "If she's my age she is a grown woman, not a little girl. I know from experience that if you treat her like a little girl she'll hate you. Treat her like a woman. A woman that has probably been having sex for a long time. And for the record" she whispered like it was a secret "women like sex too."
I blushed and nodded. I whispered back "thank God."
Apparently she didn't find it amusing. "As I was saying Miss Jillian is the person that is most knowledgeable about each of the inventory items in the store. She is also a delightful person to have assisting you, when she's available. Unfortunately she's not presently available." A sarcastic smile crossed her face but just for a second. "I'm not as well versed as she is but I think if you give me a chance I may have the information you require to be able to make a proper purchase. For example if you're looking for a set of vaginal balls I'd recommend these. Ben Wa balls have been around for a long time. I've never heard any complaints regarding this product." She handed me a package that contained two shiny steel balls in a clear plastic box that had red velvet inside. They were about the size of a large marble.
Perfect, they're not the most exotic or the plainest ones, and they're not the most expensive. Her recommendation set me at ease, a little. She's not going to try and sell me the moon. But that didn't answer what I needed to know. "I tell you what. If you loosen up and stop treating me like a head master at some preppy girl's boarding school I'll accept you as my mentor for the evening and think of you as a woman instead of a little girl." She nodded. "My name is Dom. What's yours?" We shook hands and smiled at each other.
"Crystal. Sorry about the formality. Miss Jillian teaches us to always start with being formal and then loosen up if our client does." She smiled sheepishly "Dom, does that have any special connotation?"
I looked her square in the eye "yes." She blushed a little but didn't divert her eyes. I didn't get any inclination that she's interested in Dom/ subs other than maybe to know what items to suggest. "Miss Jillian sounds like a wonderful business woman. I look forward to meeting her sometime."
"I'll make sure and let her know. What's gotten you all hung up about the steel balls Dom?"
"I want my sub to use them, tonight." I thought I would try again but Crystal ignored the part about my sub. "We're headed to dinner and then dancing. Sorry I don't know how else to say this. We've never played with any of these." I waved my hand at the entire room. "Will they fall out? When she's dancing will her body try and push them out? Will she have an orgasm if she walks around with them in?"
She was holding a hand over her mouth trying not to giggle. I gave her a very serious look to see how she'd handle my reaction. She stiffened back up "I am so sorry. That was rude of me. Please forgive me."
I smiled "I would've been pissed if you didn't bust up laughing. It does sound stupid, but I need to know what she should expect. I don't want to embarrass myself if she drops the on the dance floor. I don't want to embarrass her; too much either, not yet." I smiled wickedly. "What if she wears really tight panties? Or rubber panties?"
Her smile returned big and bright "it's not a stupid question. It just caught me off guard. You were so uptight and then all of a sudden you're this really cool guy. It's like I was talking to my BFF."
I smiled at her "you make me feel like a friend. So what do you think?"
Crystal grabbed my forearm again. "Ok, I'll admit the first time I wore a pair I did try and dance with them in. That was before I had a chance to get used to them. My boyfriend dared me to wear them, so I put them in right after we got to the club. I had a sip from my drink and my boyfriend grabbed my hand and dragged me to the dance floor. The beat was really fast. I was shaking my ass and wiggling my hips. I lasted fifteen seconds. Fifteen. That's all it took before I felt one fall out. My boyfriend grabbed me to keep me from falling and I went and took the other one out. I threw it away and we left, without looking for the one that had to still be rolling around on the dance floor. I did buy another set and still use them a lot, just not when I'm dancing." She was smiling from the memory. "If she has never worn a set before I'd suggest you buy this set first. Have her use them at dinner and maybe the drive to the club. If she puts them against her G-spot and rocks at dinner she might explode. I'm sure everybody is different. If you really want her to wear something fun buy one of these." She held out a vibrating egg. "Maybe buy both." She handed me a different pair of the steel balls and a vibrating egg. "This is soooo cool. It has a wireless remote. She inserts it and you keep the remote. Then you just buzz her any time you want. Scott does that sometimes to me. Once he did it when this really cute cop was giving me a speeding ticket. And once he did it at my parent's house when we were seated for Thanksgiving dinner. It's really kinky and we both love it. Usually we go home afterwards and fuck our brains out."
I grabbed her by her upper arms and kissed her cheek. "Crystal you're the best. Thank you for all the help. I'll remember what you told me about my daughters being adults." I bought both sets of steel balls and the vibrating egg.
I heard Crystal as I was walking out "come back and see us again. I'll tell Miss Jillian you want to meet her next time."
I got in the SUV and closed the door "let's get some food." I was grinning from ear to ear and shaking with excitement.