A very close friend of mine is Archana; she is about 3 years younger to me and a good friend. She married Sandeep and is settled abroad. She told me this story.
Archana is very good-looking and well built, and not all that experienced (sexually) before getting married. In her teens, she won several beauty contests, but stopped winning as her height did not keep pace with her bust development, and she no longer had that long and lean look. She married her husband, Sandeep, while she was getting her MBA. For years, Sandeep did everything he could think of to get her into sexy clothes. She had no problem wearing them for him, but she did not feel much like "advertising" out in public. Sandeep loves her in stockings and garter belts, low-cut blouses, high heels, and shorter than short miniskirts. On the few occasions, she did allow him to dress her and go out (usually while on vacation), she felt like a call girl on display. Wherever they went, men always turned and stared, and Sandeep loved every moment of this coy, femme fatale performance.
Because of Sandeep's career, they entertain quite a bit, and there always seems to be men around the house. She first noticed her husband's "preference" at a party, over two years ago. A friend of Sandeep's had been making a pass at her, while Sandeep was out of the room. He had her in the corner and was relying on her keep her humour, as the hostess, as he tried several time to kiss her. Finally, he pushed away her arms and pinned her to the wall, reaching into her blouse and squeezing her breast. Sandeep walked in and saw what happened, but he stepped back out of the doorway and watched! She finally gently kneed the friend in the crotch and nothing further happened. Later that night, Sandeep mentioned that he had seen what happened and was not furious, but pleased. When she told him that she was furious at him for not helping her, he told her to loosen up, that it was just harmless fun. He said that it was a compliment to her - and to him - that their guest had admired her beauty so much that he could not help himself.
A month later, they were hosting a pool party, and she went down to the freezer in the basement for more ice. Again, one of the guests followed her and started getting overly friendly. He was behind her, with his arms wrapped around her bare stomach, when she noticed Sandeep watching them through the window. She allowed the man to caress her breasts, and even to pull her bikini top down. She fully expected Sandeep to come charging into the room and breaking us up, but he continued to watch. Her new friend sucked her nipples and then placed his hand inside her bikini bottom. She could not believe this! I wanted to see just how far Sandeep would allow this to go before stopping this. The man slowly inserted his finger deep inside her pussy and she opened her legs wide, to give him the freedom to do whatever he wanted. He lowered his trunks and was ready to fuck her, but someone yelled for ice and they immediately separated. Her husband never mentioned the incident, and she was angrier with him than ever before in our marriage.
One night, Vicky, the friend from the indoor party, was over the house. They were having a ball, mixing batch after batch of marguerites "to get it just right!" Sandeep suddenly announced that they were out of limes and he would run to the store for more. he knew this was a lie, but said nothing, and as she expected, Vicky said he would stay and "protect" her. Sandeep left in the car, but apparently parked down the street and walked back. Vicky had already gotten fresh, again, and she suggested that they go into the drawing room, "where we could be more comfortable." They sat on the sofa, kissed and caressed each other for at least five minutes, until she excused herself to "go to the bathroom." Instead, she snucked out the garage door and peeked around the corner of the house. Sure enough, there in the shadows, was Sandeep, looking through the drawing room window. She knew now that it was an immature decision, but at that moment, she was determined to force her husband's hand. She wanted to make him as mad as he was making her. Soon after she returned to the sofa, Vicky removed her blouse and then her bra. He sucked her breasts for a long time and she was turned on as well as angry. Vicky was losing control as he laid her down on the sofa and removed her skirt and panties. She was certain that this would cause Sandeep to call an end to his fun and storm in. Vicky started licking her pussy, and she was losing control, too! She had never expected this thing to go this far! Now, unable to calm Vicky down, she tried to stall. He was ready to fuck her, and there was no way she was going to let him do that. She was really in a fix! She forced them both up and took his penis in her hand, wanting to masturbate him to orgasm. He gripped her head in both hands and forced his penis into her mouth, pumping in and out. Suddenly, he erupted and shot a huge load of semen all over her. She used this as an excuse to go to the bathroom to clean up, and locked herself in there until she heard Sandeep return. Again, Sandeep made no mention of this incident.
During the Christmas season, Sandeep has a special game he plays when they host a party. He hangs a bunch of mistletoe over the door into the rec room and makes up a special batch of "Courage Punch" (it's almost straight booze, and after a few dips into it, you get all kinds of courage!). As a couple meets under the mistletoe, they have to kiss - but the trick is not to be the one that breaks the kiss. The "struggle" is good-natured and in fun and the one who breaks away must down a cup of punch. The crowd watches and cheers the kissing and the winner, boos the loser, and chants as the loser chugs the punch.
They had seven couples and one stag man over that New Year's Eve, and by midnight, she had already broken away from two men. She was feeling no pain when, a little after midnight; the single man caught her under the mistletoe. He began kissing her very passionately, so she teased him back by running her tongue in and out of his mouth. Everyone was cheering to see who would stop. He put his hand inside her low-cut cocktail dress to feel her breast, and the crowd went wild. She saw Sandeep cheering, and yelling for the man to keep going. In an effort to make him pull away, she reached down and pulled the man's zipper open. The crowd laughed and then roared as the stranger bent her slightly backwards and started pulling the hem of her dress up. She almost pulled away, then, but when she saw the gleam in Sandeep's eyes, she became determined to continue.
The hem of her dress continued up until it was at her waist, fully exposing her stocking-tops and panties to everyone. They still did not break and she did not know what to do to stop him. His hands pulled her panties off her hips and they fell to her ankles, baring her pussy to the crowd. Suddenly, there was not as much cheering and she finally realized that things had often too far out of hand. She tried to pull away, but the men had a tight grip on her. Before she finally got free, he managed to get his finger slightly into her.
Immediately after that, four of the couples and the rest of the wives left. Three husbands and the single guy stayed. After they escorted our guests out, Sandeep kissed her, told her that SHE was wonderful and that he had enjoyed every second of her "act." That was the last straw for her. The switch was thrown!
Walking back into the rec room, SHE deliberately positioned herself under the mistletoe again, and one of the four men began to kiss her. When he reached behind her and unzippered her dress, she let it fall to the floor and stepped out of it. She broke the kiss and went to the punchbowl, not bothering to dress. After the drink, another man pulled her under the mistletoe. Off came her bra, and down went her panties, again. There she stood in her sheer black stockings and high heels, nude for the men to view. The four men surrounded her and took turns kissing her and caressing her body. Sandeep took the mistletoe down and put it on the back of the sofa. One of the men pushed her back on the couch, dropped his trousers and attempted to mount her. She looked at Sandeep one last time., He was cheering the man on and she opened her legs and let him enter her. He reached orgasm very quickly, and when he stood and pulled his pants up, she just laid there with her legs spread wide. One of the other men quickly looked at Sandeep, saw his smile and lowered him down onto and into her. When he was done, the last two guys took their turns fucking her.
The whole time, Sandeep sat there and watched. She looked over at him as the third guy was coming, "This is what you wanted me to do all along, isn't it?" He nodded and smiled.
The four men who had intercourse with her have called her on numerous occasions and she has had sex frequently with them over the last two years. She has also balled three of the four husbands that left the party, that night.