cb was fed up with Sasha. Guys will tolerate quite a bit to keep a beautiful 18yo woman on their arm, but Sasha was a special kind of pain in the ass. No direction in life, no clue in general, and certainly no work ethic, all coupled with tremendous attitude of entitlement plus a sprinkling of daddy issues. Not to mention the awful influence her younger, even more attractive sister Tori (full blown narcissist & sex addict, plus borderline sociopath) was on her behavior! Tori was convinced from a young age that their looks in addition to their natural sexual talents meant they were princesses in dire need of spoiling. cb wasn't entirely sure she was wrong.
It was times like these CB loathed the social convention that dictated breaking up via any other means besides in-person conversations. Sasha always looked good. Cleaned up for a formal night out or rolling out of bed it didn't matter, she had the goods to drive men crazy even on her worst day.
The best description is honestly Scarlett Johansson except on the small side of a C cup instead of a big chest. At the time Sasha stood 5'6" in flip flops while weighing 130lbs. Her German heritage was apparent at first glance- wide hips, thick thighs, and the most perfectly round ass. At 20yo and dabbling in pilates after a lifetime of showing no interest in exercise she didn't need spandex or yoga pants. Even in jeans she'd draw stares from every man in the room. Teacher, parent, older, or younger; no matter how inappropriate it was to stare, all were mesmerized. Side note - your author & hero of this story liked to watch pornstar Remy Lacroix's videos mostly because her body was near identical to Sasha's. On my honor, that's no exaggeration. It didn't hurt that Sasha was pretty too. A big smile, perfect teeth, and clear cream colored complexion resulted in a true beauty very reminiscent of the young Black Widow. Particularly when Sasha was blonde or redheaded. She was a natural brunnette but liked to go bleach blonde often, and had at the beginning of our story. Something about that look had a psychological effect- Sasha stood out more, drew more stares. She'd tend to dress more proactively and her already raging sex drive would go into overdrive. It sounds cliche but bleach blonde Sasha increasingly behaved according to general expectations: an insatiable pawg slut craving more. More dick, more cum. cb always did have a ton of fun with blonde Sasha before she began to lust for more than he could give.
We'll skip the tedious details around the petty high school (now college) relationship arguments. Suffice to say cb & Sasha were both furious with each other afterwards and she wouldn't be staying the night at cb's house as she usually would during the week.
It was late Friday night when enough time had passed for their relationship clock to cycle back to the "make up" phase and for the two to talk on the phone after her shift. The call results in Sasha on her way to see yours truly after she'd waited tables late Friday night.
cb was ready to rip her clothes off before she could make it up to his bedroom, but Sasha had other plans. Her outfit hadn't helped to cool his ardor but he was patient. cbs eyes instantly went to the skintight pair of black spandex leggings obviously "borrowed" from her younger half-sister. The material was stretched so thin that Sasha's thong was clearly visible through black leggings (it was hot pink). After he'd watched her finish showing off complete with butt swaying and flexing as she walked seductively upstairs to his bedroom, cb finally had time to notice she'd discarded her restaurant branded polo shirt in her car. She was bra-less in a tight little white tank top and her tiny pink nipples were swollen and hard. The top was almost like a corset in the way it pushed her breasts both upwards & together creating plenty of cleavage. At least she didn't pull the type of shit Tori did regularly for tips at Hooters. Flirting was one thing but...
I lit up a doobie for us (part of our weekend routine when she'd finished waitressing) while drinking in all her barely contained curves. Sasha proceeded to say, "I have to tell you something, please just hear me out before you say anything
I took a drag and nodded for her to go on.
"I need you to know I didn't mean to" she blurted, suddenly emotional. "I love you so much, I was just so upset and confused."
I smiled and reassured her that it was ok and that she could relax and talk to me.
"I thought you were done with me cb. All the rumors of you cheating on me too." she said in a different voice, "You know I'd been talking to Aaron from bio about each of our relationship headaches. He came to visit me at work and we talked for a while in my car after I clocked out."
cb froze but said nothing, his gut churning imagining what he'd hear next.
"I just couldn't help myself" she continued, "I was so scared and rejected and lonely and horny. Tori is having a fling with a cook from the Hooters they work at and she wouldn't shut up about how the sayings are all true. That I had to fuck a black guy at least once in my life or I'd never know how much pleasure i was missing. That it was totally normal, you guys have all hooked up with at least one Asian and Hispanic woman, had the experience. "
cb went a little red but kept his poker face. A blowjob he might live with. It wasn't exactly as if he'd been nothing but faithful to Sasha. He was being embarrassed but the worst part was that her story was exciting him. cbs real fetish deep down was always seeing beautiful women orgasm powerfully and repeatedly (plus helping them get there of course). The attraction and sexual hunger Sasha was clearly feeling despite trying to hide it was awakening cb's own deepest desires and he DID NOT know how to feel about it. Little did he know that eventually she'd make him face an entire host of conflicting desires linked to memories he may never fully understand.
"I just couldn't stop thinking about everything: how big was it, what'd it look like, would he be uncircumcised?" Sasha whispered in a husky voice. "I'd never seen a black dick or one bigger than 7in m. I just had to know. Literally couldn't focus on any other thoughts in my head, just went blank other than wanting to find the biggest cock around. I got so horny thinking about it, I was flooding my panties cumming in them without touching"
cb noted she wasn't exaggerating- her pussy was soaking wet even through her pants. At that moment he was trapped; he'd take her back and get her off. He knew it was unlikely she'd fail to notice his lack of protest over his gf getting facefucked under the circumstances. But that was a problem for later.
Sasha proceeded to describe how she had slowly brought her hand up Aaron's thigh to feel his hardness.
"It was so obviously a big difference.. just through his pants I knew that manhood was 50% longer than anyone's I'd seen." blushing, realizing what she'd just said to my face as her control slipped again, and continued, "It kept throbbing, tangled up in his boxers because his cock was much longer than his boxers. I unzipped his fly but it took what seemed like forever fighting to pull it out of his jeans. When the tip finally popped free it was rock hard; pulsing, twitching, and leaking precum."
cb thought to himself "so am I" but kept quiet, silently encouraging her to continue as Sasha unconsciously licked her lips the 3rd time.
"It was scary big! It was just a few inches longer than I'm used to but the thickness was.. terrifying. Like a soda can. I felt that fear tingling deep in my stomach, pulsing through my clit, even my nipples. I was so lightheaded my face got hot. My fist couldn't quite fit around it. Once I'd squeezed and felt the big throbbing heat in my hand, I couldn't stop myself even knowing I needed to get out of the situation. cb I'm sorry, I gave him a blowjob." she breathed, her breath and words coming progresively more shallow and quickly. A wicked smile replaced her apologetic facade briefly while she said, "I think I was a little too much for him.. in a minute or two his cum just started flowing down my throat. It didn't shoot out hard like when you cum, it kept slowly flowing down my throat with each twitch of his cock. So i never gagged. It was so... different. Kinda hot."
Sasha was either blushing in shame or flushed from thinking about the encounter as cb yanked her perfect body over his knee and spanked her ass hard. Once, twice, three times, and again, alternating angles and sides as she squealed and squirmed. He loved that her butt was so big & soft he could watch giggle after each blow, yet that it was tight enough not to sag a millimeter. He could feel the wetness from her crotch on his thigh starting to spread and even drip. The couple always had a tremendous sex life but this level of physical arousal was off the charts, even for Sasha. I may not have noticed at the time, dear readers, but I think perhaps deep down realized what would help Sasha achieve some of the most powerful orgasms any woman's ever experienced. Little did I know I'd found the entrance to our rabbit hole!
"You got turned on throwing that story in my face, didn't you?" hissed cb. "You loved discussing all the details of cheating on me with a hung black guy almost as much as you loved being a dirty little cumslut for him."
Looking up at me, her face went pale then bright red as she avoided my eyes. Sasha remained silent besides the hard breathing and moans she couldn't stifle. When he finally decided she'd had enough, he gently slid off her shirt. Then came her thong, but not until he slid the softest piece of fabric slowly from her clit to her asshole. That little trick (assuming thr right kind of panties) always got Sasha going but she sounded as if she was finishing a mile run with a vibrating butt plug. If he didn't know better, cb'd have thought her faking it.
"It does.. you fcking love it. All jealousy and possessiveness this entire time and you're the one desperate for strange dick. Preferably from a smooth talking aapiring fashion designer. Did I miss anything?
Sasha swallowed with some difficulty, "I'm sorry baby you know I love you, it was purely physical. I care about you, Aaron was just a friend to talk to when I really needed one."
cb was still sitting on the side of his bed as Sasha made to kneel in front of him, reaching for his belt buckle. He stood, taking her hands and guiding her around to sit then lay on her back. Sasha's perky young tits barely moved a millimeter. They looked so perfect he just had to alternate and give attention to each; kissing & sucking until her nipples glowed pink. Once they were fully hardened and erect he moved from her heaving chest to her stomach. He tickled her just a bit with his tongue and began to trace designs with his fingertips lower and lower. Her navel, then bikini lines. After Sasha stopped gasping he started to trace lines from hip bone down across her bikini line to her other hip bone. Going slowly but steadily lower, cb would change paths to ever so lightly brush her clit with his fingertip. The first time he slid just under her tight little slit instead of touching it she started to moan loudly with frustration.
Sasha sat up and pulled cb into a deep kiss. She tried to pull him down onto her and groped his hard cock through his shorts. She came away with his pants before cb took her by the wrists and held them behind her head flat on the bed. He wasn't sure where he'd lost his shirt but she grinned giving him her sexiest "come get me" look and he lost interest in the thought.
"Someone's in a hurry" he teased, "why don't you relax & get comfy, maybe catch your breath?"
Sasha hated to love (or loved to hate?) when cb got playful about her orgasm. She'd always been prone to squirting during multiple orgasms from clitoral stimulation, but wasn't truly satisfied until she had the big one from penetration. Slowing things down while refusing to let her concentrate fully on her own performance was the recipe for screaming and gushing. Unfortunately both going slow and not going 110% in on her own performance were deeply against her nature, so they were rarely easy to accomplish. Sasha had been ready to burst before she walked through the door so today's sexual grudge match looked like an easy win for cb. He didn't ponder how proud he could be about the orgasms he'd brought her to while obsessing over another man's cock very long.
When she came for the third time and squirted the second cb was still holding her wrists, just down by her hips so he could tease her clit with his tongue. He thought it unfortunate he didn't have more limbs since it was time to really drive her crazy by teasing the idea of penetration. His move was to continue licircle her hole gently while beginning to apply pressure at random intervals. It seemed to do the trick giving her a taste of what she really wanted while maintaining a baseline of pleasure.
At this point a puddle had formed on cb's bed, to match a larger, oval wet spot about 3ft around. Satisfied Sasha was primed for a world shaking climax, he slipped out of his boxers. She moaned as he gently mimicked the earlier movements of his tongue and began covering his rock hard cock in her dripping wetness.
"Are you going to beg for it" asked cb in a satisfied tone, "or are we playing hardball tonight?"
Sasha bucked, her hips rising off the bed as she tried to wrestle her way on top.
"Tsk, tsk" clicked his tongue.
He flipped her easily although not effortlessly onto her stomach and his cock throbbed against her clit. The breath caught in his throat until her ass stopped wiggling. It was unbelievably easy to focus on nothing else in these situations.
"Better concentrate on maintaining the advantage" ran through cb's head so her ass (still quite red from before) got another smack to set it back in motion. Her butt was big. Wide hips, with a heart shape but tight enough that it didnt sag a millimeter. For example, it wouldn't giggle more than a second or so. Just long enough to show serious bounce. If you threw a quarter at that ass the rebound might just maim you.
"I want that big cock in me so bad! Fill me up and stretch out my tight little pussy!!" burst out Sasha.
cb finally came to the realization he ought to finish this off without making too big a point of how wildly horny sucking a huge black dick made his girlfriend. He whispered a few key phrases to her as she begged and he deep stroked her tight hole with everything he had. Cb was rewarded with her wetness running down his balls as he felt her squirt and then her pussy clench his cock tightly. He knew her well enough now to know she had cum via her clit and penetration simultaneously. Not exactly unheard of but not easy to pull off either.
Cb came all over her butt when he pulled out. He had plenty of time to contemplate the consequences and outcomes of the evening while they basked in it. He couldn't possibly have an idea of what lay in their future though.