*Author's Note: When I first wrote this story, I didn't like it so I rewrote it, scrapped it, restarted it, edited it, unedited it, and finally pushed to get it done once and for all. I originally intended it to be three parts but it came together as one long complete story. It has a very long build up so if you're looking for a shorter, "stroke" story, you may want to skip this one. My new story "Getting Ridden on Car 11" is closer to that style and may be more of what you're looking for. Also, this story has elements of group sex, exhibitionism/voyeurism, and non-consent, so if you dislike those themes, you may want to skip this story as well. As always, feedback is appreciated. Thanks!*
*****
I was jarred awake by the sudden sensation of falling. As my vision cleared, it took me a moment to realize I was sitting securely in the front seat of a car and not tumbling through space.
"Oh my gosh! It looks hideous!" came a screech from the backseat and a thump to the back of my seat. My friend Janna. Apparently, the jolt I'd felt was her kicking the back of my seat. Annoyed, I craned my head around to glare at her, but her attention was focused on Rowan in the opposite rear seat. Rowan had the hem of her light green skirt raised and had twisted in her seat to expose a small eagle tattoo on the side of her right upper thigh. It was just below her butt and wouldn't be visible if she was wearing anything more than a bikini.
Janna reached across Kasumi, who was scrunched between them, and poked at the tattoo. "Look, the wing is broken."
"No it's not," Rowan said, swiping Janna's hand away and lowering her skirt. "The wings are swept back like it's moving in for a kill."
"Seriously, dude, why didn't you get a panther or a dragon or something?" said Kasumi. Kasumi was a tiny girl whose grandparents had immigrated from Japan. Kasumi always went out of her way to conceal her heritage, going so far as to dye her hair blonde, insist people call her "Kaz," and speak with a fake southern accent even though she was born and raised in Seattle.
Rowan's tattoo was tasteful, even if a bit clumsy in appearance. The dark ink stood in stark contrast to her pale skin. Even more contrasting was the fact that she'd gotten a tattoo at all given her conservative and religious upbringing. She was a generally quiet person but I had witnessed flashes of rebellion. They usually involved parties and too much alcohol.
I refocused on Janna when she thumped the back of my seat again. "Could you not do that?"
"Do what?" Janna said, staring back at me with a blank expression as she kicked it again.
I rolled my eyes and turned back forward in my seat. The road was dark in front of us. Off to the right, light from a full moon reflected off the Pacific Ocean. It was after 8:00. We'd gotten a late start. Our original plan was to leave early that morning, but we had to wait on Janna to take a finance midterm. She'd been convinced that she wouldn't have to take the final and had a guaranteed "A" because she'd been giving the professor blowjobs for most of the semester. Unbeknownst to her, the university's school of business had implemented a new policy at the beginning of the semester that required all business courses to be evaluated with a midterm and final exam. Janna probably would've tried to blowjob her way out of that policy too, but the dean of the school of business was a 75-year-old woman.
I laid my head back against the soft leather seat and closed my eyes. The smooth ocean breeze blew in through the open window and through my hair. The hum of the Mercedes was soothing and started lulling me back to sleep. Somewhere beneath the salty smell of the ocean, my nose caught a whiff of something else. Earthy. Marijuana.
I peeled my eyes open and turned to find Janna pushing marijuana into a hollowed-out cigar. She was desperately trying to shield it from the wind. I had no idea how she managed to keep it all from blowing away.
"Are y'all fucking serious right now?" our driver yelled in a genuine southern accent over her shoulder as she adjusted the rear view mirror to spy on Janna in the backseat.
"Cool your tits, Charlotte, it's just a blunt," Janna said.
"No shit, I can see that. I told you no weed in the car. My dad will freak."
"Tell your dad to join the 21st century. Weed is like legal everywhere," Kaz said, momentarily letting her fake accent slip.
"Yeah, well, not back home in Texas."
"In case you haven't noticed, you're not in Texas anymore," Janna said, gesturing toward the coast. When she did, the blunt shifted and the marijuana inside blew out the window. "Damnit!" She flopped herself against the seat and pulled the white sunglasses that had been perched on her forehead down over her eyes.
I chuckled under my breath and turned forward once again. I couldn't wait until we made it to L.A. The first thing I wanted to do was take a dip in a cool pool. I could almost feel the water on my skin.
As my eyes fell closed again, I felt the car jerk. "Woah, partner!" Kaz cried from the backseat.
I glanced over at Charlotte. Her eyes were glassy and half open. I poked her gently in the ribs. "Hey, you ok?"
"Yeah, just hand me a bottled water. I'm good for at least three or four more hours. Just got to get my second wind."
"Why don't you let me take over while you catch a nap?" I said.
"I can't. My dad said no one can drive the car except me."
"How about for half an hour at least, until you get that second wind."
"I said no!" I frowned and shrunk back in my seat. "I'm sorry, Mia."
The car rumbled on into the night. I laid my head back against the seat and closed my eyes. I did my best to try to drift back off to sleep, but I kept having visions of Charlotte dozing off and sending the car careening off the road into the ocean. I opened my eyes again, and when I did, I barely caught a glimpse of a road sign indicating gas, food, and lodging at the next exit.
"How about we stop for a little while at the next exit to recharge?" I offered, hoping Charlotte wouldn't explode again. She was squinting at the road ahead.
"We're behind schedule." She glared into the rearview mirror, probably looking at Janna.
"I could use a bathroom break," Rowan piped up from the backseat.
"I could use a burger," Kaz said as she stuck one of her tiny legs between the front seat.
"Didn't you just eat a bag of chips?" Charlotte sounded annoyed.
"That was half an hour ago," Kaz stuck her other leg between the seats.
I was envious of Kaz. I swore she took in 4,000 calories a day but still only weighed about twelve pounds.
"Yeah let's stop," Janna said. "It'll give me a chance to smoke up instead of doing it in your daddy's precious car." She fished a tiny baggie of marijuana from inside her bra, shook it, and put it back.
"Fine," Charlotte said in a huff.
She steered the car off the highway at the next exit. She came in a little hot but managed to bring the car to a stop at the stop sign at the end of the ramp. I glanced at it with curiosity as I noticed it was leaning to the side as if someone before us hadn't quite come to a full stop. Across the roadway were pieces of a blue sign indicating the direction and distance of the businesses at this exit.
"Great," Charlotte muttered, apparently noticing the remains of the sign. "So, which way do we go?"
"Let's try that way." I pointed toward the driver's side window. Off in the distance above the trees, lights pierced the dark sky. Charlotte accelerated and swung the car to the left. There was a small thump as one of the car's tires rolled over a piece of the sign.
We continued on for several minutes as the lights grew brighter. As we pulled through a break in the trees, I was nearly blinded by shimmering lights. The lights were coming from a hotel and it's sign. The sign was so bright it could probably be used to land aircraft. When my eyes adjusted and we drew closer, I noticed that the hotel appeared to be less of a hotel and more of a resort. Palm trees and well-manicured shrubs and flowers dotted the front of the building and a pair of fountains sat on opposite sides of the entrance, spouting water high into the air. The clean, white stone construction of the building made it look like it was built with sand from a tropical beach. Open archways and balconies were prominent in the rooms of the five-story building.
"Woo-wee! Get a load of this place," Kaz said as if it were actually possible not to see this place. She had scooted forward and was trying to peer between the front seats.
"Do...do you think they'd let me use the bathroom?" Rowan spoke quietly, clearly in awe.
"Only one way to find out," Charlotte said. She turned off the roadway and pulled the car around the circular driveway out front. As the car came to a stop, two men, one black and one white, jogged up to the car. Each was donned in a uniform that consisted of a short-sleeve shirt, shorts, and sneakers all in white. The shirts had no buttons and were cut low in the middle, allowing fleeting glances of impressive pecs on each man. The shorts ended at the knee and showed off equally impressive legs. Each man's name was embroidered in gold lettering on the right side of their shirt. The white man's name was Connor and the black man's name was Maurice.
Maurice came around to my side of the car. Charlotte unlocked the doors as the men reached the car. As she did, Maurice reached for the door handle with a smile. His pearly white teeth were a stark contrast to his dark skin.
"Welcome to paradise," he said as he opened the door. His voice was deep and made my bones turn to jelly for a moment. He had an accent that sounded Caribbean but I couldn't place it.
"We're not staying. My friend just has to use the bathroom," Charlotte said even as she put the car in park and got out. I followed suit and swiveled in my seat to get out. Maurice offered me his hand, which I readily took. His skin was hot but not clammy. Smooth but strong. My legs suddenly didn't work like they used to. Maurice practically lifted me out of the car to my feet with one hand and did his best to steady me by placing his other hand on my hip. I would've fallen into him if I hadn't placed my hand against his torso to brace myself. I could feel rock-hard abs beneath his thin shirt.
Maurice was a head taller than me. His head was shaved to the scalp, and his face was equally hairless. His nose and jawline looked like they had been carved from stone. He had a dark, heavy brow and dark eyes tucked back beyond his high cheekbones that I knew I'd be lost in forever if I stared too long. My eyes wandered to the split in his shirt before I caught myself. No hair there either. I briefly wondered whether there was any hair anywhere on his body.
"When you're done eye-fucking him, we'll meet you inside," a voice cackled from my right. Janna strolled past. I hadn't even noticed her get out of the car and wondered how long we'd been standing there. She lifted her sunglasses as she walked behind Maurice, clearly checking out his ass. She arched her eyebrows and a smirk spread across her face.
Kaz gave me a thumbs up but strolled past without a second glance. When food was on her mind, everything else fell by the wayside.
"When you're ready, you can check in inside and we'll bring up your bags." I could feel Maurice's voice rolling through his chest as he spoke. This reminded me that my hand was still against his body. I snatched it away, even at the risk of falling over.
"Actually, we're not staying. We're just here because my friend has to use the bathroom," I said, repeating Charlotte's words. "We took the wrong exit. I mean, we took the right exit but went the wrong way. There was a sign. But it was broken." I was rambling so fast my head was getting swimmy from a lack of oxygen.
"Perhaps you will see something here that will convince you to stay." He flashed me his pearly whites again and squeezed my hip. I would've fallen into him if Charlotte hadn't appeared at my side and taken my arm. Maurice took his hand off my hip and motioned toward the entrance. I reluctantly released his other hand and walked on unsteady legs toward the sliding glass doors, leaning against Charlotte for support.
The doors opened into a cavernous atrium. Crystal wall sconces lined the walls and lead to hallways running in each direction from the lobby. The wall behind the long service desk was glass and overlooked a pool area filled with palm trees, fountains, and splashing guests. The floor of the lobby was marble that was so highly polished, you could see your reflection. There were lush plants looming throughout the atrium that almost too exotic to be real. Several chairs and couches were scattered around the area that looked comfortable enough to sleep in. Charlotte directed me toward one of the couches and I practically fell back on it.
I closed my eyes and tried to compose myself. I needed water. Either to drink or to throw myself into. When I opened my eyes, Charlotte was at the service desk. Janna was across from me on another couch hammering out a text. I shut my eyes again and my mind drifted back to the ebony living statute I'd encountered at the car. I hadn't been with a black guy since my senior year of high school. In fact, my current boyfriend Dylan was the furthest thing from one. There was a pang of guilt in the center of my chest as I realized I'd totally put him out of my mind over the last several minutes.
I got up from the couch to go in search of bottled water, a water fountain, or even a faucet to stick my head under. As I approached the service desk, Kaz came from around a tall potted plant and almost ran me over.
"Woah, buddy, where's the fire?" she said with her fake accent.
"Sorry, I just need some water," I said. She had a sugary fruit pie in each hand. "Is there a snack shop back there?"
"Yeah, it's back that way," Kaz gestured with one of the half-eaten pies toward the nearest hallway running out of the lobby. Cherry filling teetered on the edge looking like it was about to fall on the floor.
"Thanks," I said and turned toward the hallway.
"Turn those high beams off before you run someone else off the road," she said, pointing at my chest with the pie. She managed to whip the pie up to her mouth just before cherry filling dropped free. I glanced down at my chest. My nipples looked like they were about to rip through my thin sun dress. I instantly regretted not wearing a bra on the drive down. I quickly looked around to see if anyone had heard her, but we were alone next to the desk aside from Charlotte who was in deep conversation with the clerk. I folded my arms over my chest and started off down the hallway.
The hallway had the same polished marble floor and white walls as the lobby. The walls were lined with candelabras that were similar to the wall sconces from the lobby but featured actual lit candles. One side of the hallway's wall was glass and overlooked the pool area and courtyard. There was a row of plush beach chairs lining the near edge of the pool. The chairs overlooked an expansive pool with a fountain that looked like the ones we saw when we first drove up. There looked to be 30 or more people in the pool, all of them between about 20 and 60 years old. There wasn't a child in sight.
Just in front of the fountain, a brown-skinned girl was hoisted out of the water by a slim man who looked to be almost seven feet tall. She opened her mouth to scream, I assume with delight given the huge smile on her face. The glass I was behind was too thick for me to hear anything going on outside. The man twirled in place with her and she reached down to grab hold of his head for balance. After several turns, he stopped and said something to her. She laughed and swatted him on the back of the head. I was taken aback by how closely she resembled me. She looked to be a little shorter than me, but that may have been because they guy holding her was so tall. While my hair was down, her hair was up.
She met my eye and her face opened into a wide grin. She ran her fingers through the hair of the guy beneath her and appeared to be swiveling her hips, rubbing herself against the back of his head. If the guy noticed, he didn't react—at least as far as I could tell at that distance. I wasn't really into other women but I couldn't take my eyes off of her as she lifted her arms above her head. The water rolling down her skin looked like liquid crystal. Her green bikini hugged every one of her curves. As we continued to lock eyes, she motioned toward me with one of her fingers in a "come hither" gesture.
"Me?" I silently mouthed and pointed at myself. She nodded and motioned again. She broke our eye contact for the first time as she closed her eyes and slowly tipped back her head. I watched, frozen, as her hands slid over her stomach to her barely-concealed breasts. She pinched the tops of each cup and started to tug them down, exposing the dark edges of her areola. In a flash, she disappeared beneath the water as the man holding her did the same. My face was pressed against the glass as I stared at the spot in the pool where they'd been. I scanned left and right waiting for them to reemerge.
As I waited, voices caught my ear. I glanced up and down the poolside area searching for the source. It took me a moment to realize they weren't coming from outside. I peered down the hallway to my left. Further down, the hallway curved further to the left. I took a couple of tentative steps in that direction. As my ears dialed in to the sound, I detected giggles and moans mixed in with the voices. I tried to crane my head around the bend in the hallway but couldn't see further without physically walking there. I took several more steps before jumping out of my skin when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I let out a loud screech before turning to find Janna standing behind me.
"Take it easy, not going to bite you," she said. Her eyes wandered down to my chest. "Or at least I'll try not to." I glanced back in the direction of where I'd heard the voices but it was quiet now. "Come on, Charlotte got us rooms." Janna tugged on my shoulder. After several more moments of listening to silence, I followed Janna back to the lobby.
Back in the lobby, Charlotte handed out room passkeys. "Kaz and Rowan are together," Charlotte said as she handed them their plastic cards.
Janna snatched the two cards from Charlotte's other hand. "We're roomies," Janna said as she passed me a card.
"Hey, wait, why do you get your own room?" Kaz said to Charlotte, her voice a high-pitched whine.
"Because I'm paying for them." Charlotte waved a credit card above her head.
"Or rather, daddy's paying for them," Rowan said under her breath. "Must be nice to have a platinum credit card with a seemingly limitless credit line." Rowan was generally quiet and easygoing, but she didn't hesitate to bare her claws when the moment was right.
"Lead the way ma'am," a voice said from behind me. I turned to see Maurice. He was flashing another pearly white smile. He'd stashed our bags on a brass bag cart. I waved at him, wiggling my fingers but snapped my hand back down to my side when I realized how silly I must look.
We all walked to the back of the lobby to a set of elevators. The elevator shaft was enclosed in glass, which allowed for an expansive view of the pool area and the back of the hotel's property. I could see that the hotel was actually made up of two identical buildings that ran off in opposite directions from the lobby and arched out around the pool, nearly enclosing it. A short, wide building sat at the far end of the pool between the ends of the buildings and had a neon sign indicating that it was the spa.
"The spa offers a range of services from massages to mud baths," Maurice said, apparently following my gaze. "But if you did not want to leave the room, there are...other services to be found here in the main part of the hotel." He flashed another smile, and it suddenly felt like the temperature in the elevator car went up 10 degrees.
We rode the elevator up to the fifth floor. The doors opened on a lounging area. A peculiar-looking man with long, dark hair was sitting on a leather couch reading a newspaper. He barely acknowledged us as we exited the elevator.
The hallways leading from the lounge were similar to the ones on the first floor with a glass wall on the pool side. The other wall was lined with more candelabras. I gazed down into the pool area. Music was apparently playing as there was a small group dancing on the patio. An older couple was doing an impressive salsa. Nearby, two men were gyrating against a woman who was dancing between them. When the man in front of her shifted, I saw that it was the woman I'd seen in the pool earlier. I continued to look on as the man in front of her swayed his hips and lowered his body until he was squatting in front of her. The man behind her had his hands on her hips and was pulling her back against him as he ground against her. Her eyes were closed and her head was tilted to the side. The man in front of her squatted until his face was level with the front of her green bikini bottom. Her mouth fell open and she grabbed him by the back of the head. I had no doubt that he had pushed his face into her bikini-covered pussy.
I was so transfixed on them that I didn't realize our group had stopped walking and I stumbled into Kaz. "Hey! Watch where you're going."
As Charlotte stepped up to the room we'd stopped in front of, a man approached from the other direction. I immediately recognized him as Connor, the other man we'd met when we first arrived.
"I apologize for my delay," he said, sweeping a lock of blonde hair away from his brow. There was the slightest glisten of sweat beneath it. "Please, allow me." He took the card key from Charlotte and pressed it against the card reader. When the door lock clicked, he pushed the door open and stood aside, allowing Charlotte to pass into the room.
"Pool in 15, ladies," Charlotte shouted over her shoulder as she disappeared into the room.
I craned my head around the luggage cart for a view into the room but could only see a couch against a wall and part of a coffee table. Connor grabbed her bags from the cart and followed her into the room, letting the door close behind him.
"Next," Maurice called out as he got the cart moving again. He stopped at the room next door and reached for the card key Kaz was holding but she ignored him and stepped up to the lock. After unlocking it, she pushed her way into the room.
"Now these here are mighty fine accommodations," Kaz shouted with her fake accent. Rowan swept the door back and followed her in.
"Give me just a moment," Maurice said as he removed their bags from the cart and carried them inside.
I looked around. Janna was on her phone texting again. I turned my attention back out at the pool. I didn't see the trio. In their place was a tan, muscular man with a fauxhawk that reminded me of something out of Jersey Shore. He was drinking directly from a wine bottle and doing some kind of slow shuffle. The older couple was still strutting their stuff to the music. My eyes swept over the area looking for the trio. I bit my lip as I wondered if they'd taken their threesome inside to one of the rooms.
"One more stop," Maurice's voice boomed behind me.
We moved one room further down the hallway and came to a stop. Maurice stepped in front of me before I had a chance to use my room key. He held his open palm toward me and I handed him the card. He clutched it in his hand while stretching his long fingers around my hand, stroking the bones in the back of my hand before letting go. Our eyes locked for a moment and then his gaze traveled down my body, drinking it in as if seeing me for the first time. I knew without looking that my nipples were probably poking through my dress again but I made no effort to cover myself.
He opened the door and stood aside to let Janna and I pass. The room was incredible. There was a living room area that shared space with a dining area. There was a large, tan sectional couch made of material that resembled suede but looked more expensive. Caddy-corner to the couch were two matching chairs separated by a mahogany end table. In the middle of the furniture was a large ottoman. There was a mahogany dining table behind the couch with seating for four. There was a galley kitchen leading off from the dining area along with a door to the bathroom and the bedroom.
"You can bring those back here," Janna said. She was already ahead of us in the bedroom.
The bedroom featured double queen beds with tan and white linen. Bay doors provided a view of the back of the hotel and the pool area. There was a desk and chair as well as a lounger on the far side of the room. Maurice sat our bags on the floor near the foot of one of the beds. Janna went to her bag and began rummaging through it.
"Is there anything else I can do for you?" Maurice said.
"No, I think we're good," I said, even as I imagined several things he could do for me. I turned to Janna, but she was still digging through her bag.
"Ok, well enjoy your stay," Maurice said. I noticed he didn't make any effort to leave.
"Oh, a tip," I said. "Right, umm, I think I have...," I trailed off as I went to my bag. I pulled out my wallet, but my heart sank as I realized I had forgotten to grab cash before we left. "Yikes, sorry, I need to go to the ATM." I turned back to Janna. "Hey, do you have any cash on you?"
"No, no, a tip is not necessary," Maurice said. "Being able to share a few moments with you beautiful women is enough."
"No, please, I insist," I said.
"Just flash him your tits," Janna said without missing a beat as she stepped past us.
"Janna! What the hell?" I wanted to crawl under the bed.
"Or whatever." She shrugged and continued toward the door. "I'll be back in a few." There was a small baggie of marijuana in her right hand.
"So," Maurice said when Janna was gone, "are you sure there is nothing more I can provide for you?" He was smiling again.
My palms felt damp and I had to resist the urge to wipe them on my dress. "No, I umm...just need...," I cleared my throat, "I'm just going to change and then meet my friends at the pool."
"Well, do not let me stop you." He folded his arms and leaned against the doorway. My heart began racing as I contemplated getting naked in front of this total stranger. Maurice spoke again, as if reading my mind, "I mean from your friends. I would not want to keep you from them." As he spoke, his eyes took in my body again. His gaze was piercing, and his eyes felt like they were peeling my dress off and exposing my skin just as if he was physically doing it.
Desperate to escape his stare but not wanting him to leave, I went back to my bag and pulled out two dresses. One was black and one was red. I'd brought them in case we went anywhere fancy on our trip. I carried them into the bathroom, intending to hang them up by the shower and steam out any wrinkles. Maurice was hot on my heels and followed me in.
The bathroom was as luxurious as the rest of the room. There were dual marble vanities backed by large, gold-framed mirrors. There was a deep tub with jacuzzi jets on one side of the bathroom. The other side of the bathroom was dominated by a frameless shower.
"The jets can be a little tricky," Maurice pointed toward the tub. "Come, let me show you."
I laid my dresses across one of the vanities and followed Maurice to the tub. I tried to put some separation between us, but he stepped closer as he began pointing out the features. "There is where the water comes in. And you can turn on the jets here and here. It is actually big enough for two people." I felt his gaze upon me again but I kept my attention toward the tub. Maurice hit a button and water began to flow into the tub from slots at the bottom. I was mesmerized as I watched the tub silently fill with water.
It became so quiet in the room that I started to hear my racing heartbeat. Needing to break the silence, I finally spoke. "How does the tub work like that? How does it drain?"
"It is a special system. Where the water comes in and goes out are kept totally separate." He leaned into the tub and put his hand against one of the slots. "Here, you can feel the strong pressure of the water keeping it from going back out."
With my heartbeat growing louder in my ears, I knelt on his left side and put my hand into the water. I gasped as he took my hand and moved it to one of the slots. He pressed my palm flat against the surface. The water coming in was almost strong enough to lift my hand away. Maurice pressed his hand over mine and inched his body closer to me. His right hand was holding my right hand in the tub which brought his chest up against me. I felt his hot breath on my shoulder, which made my whole arm tingle. Once again, I felt him looking at me but I kept my eyes focused on his hand wrapped over mine beneath the warm water. I spread my fingers and he slipped his between mine. He slid his hand back and forth, running his fingertips along my fingers to the soft skin between my fingers and then moved his hand back until his palm was flat against the back of my skin. The erotic symbolism wasn't lost on me. I started to pull my hand back, but Maurice responded by tightening his grip, keeping my hand in place. My entire arm was breaking out in goosebumps. I hoped that he didn't notice.
I cleared my dry throat and tried to get things under control before they got out of control. "I...I have a boyfriend." My voice was barely a whisper and seemed sink down beneath the water.
"I do not doubt this," Maurice said. "But where is he? Not here in this bathroom I do not think."
"No he's...umm...he's back up north at school. We're just taking a girls trip."
Maurice clicked his tongue. "If I was this man, I would not let one as irresistible as you wander far." As he spoke, he ran his fingertips over the back of my wrist, the back of my hand, across my fingers, and down to my fingertips. The contact almost caused me to fall face first into the tub and I had to brace myself with my other arm.
Maurice reached over me and turned off the water. This brought his body even closer against mine. When he moved his arm back, he kept his body against mine. His left hand came up and caressed my back. Tingles went up my spine and my arm almost buckled, sending me into the water. He removed his other hand from on top of mine in the tub and brought his hand up and swept my hair back from my neck.
I opened my mouth to make one final desperate plea for him to stop. As I spoke, his mouth came down on the side of my neck. Instead of words, a loud moan tumbled out of my mouth. His lips felt like the softest pillows. My eyes rolled back in my head as his tongue flicked across my skin. Maurice moved his other hand across my back until it brushed against the side of my left breast. Without hesitation, he brought it around until he was fully cupping it. I let out another moan as he brushed the material of my dress against my nipple. His other hand came down to join the first on my other breast. I leaned down, pressing them into his hands. His hands were strong, but he was gentle as he squeezed them.
At the risk of falling into the tub, I brought my hand out of the water and splashed my face with it. It did little to cool me off or bring me back to my senses. When I felt Maurice's hand wander down from my breast, I did nothing to stop him. His hand trailed over my stomach, pressing the material against it until he reached the waistband of my panties. He continued south, pressing his fingers against my mound.
"Oh my God," I cried out as his fingertips brushed my clit.
He removed his mouth from my neck just long enough to say, "You will say his name many more times I think."
I gripped the side of the tub with both hands as Maurice continued to finger me through my dress and panties. Even though his hands were large, he knew just how to move his fingers. I rocked my hips against his hand, wanting more, needing more. When Maurice removed his hand from between my legs and the other from my breast, I immediately thought something was wrong. "Why'd you stop?" I was nearly breathless.
Without saying a word, Maurice moved back from the tub and shifted back behind me. He grabbed the hem of my dress and flipped it up onto my back, exposing my panty-covered ass. He brought his hand down and slapped the right cheek. I winced at the sting but said nothing. "If I was your boyfriend, I do not think I would ever let this out of my sight." He smacked the other cheek, this time more gently.
I rocked my hips back toward him and he took both cheeks in his hands and began to knead them. His grip was stronger than it had been on my tits. It stopped just short of pain but the message was clear: boyfriend or not, I belonged to him.
Maurice reached for the opening of one side of my panties and forcefully yanked them to the side. I felt the cool air against my pussy and knew it was glistening before his eyes. I rocked back toward him again when I felt his finger trace along my wet lips. His touch was teasing. He refused to go near my clit or push his finger inside. Instead, he massaged the lips in a circle, smearing my juice everywhere. I gnashed my teeth and scooped up more water and splashed it on my face. A moment later, I heard a jingling sound behind me that sounded like a belt buckle. I knew I should stop him but I couldn't. I wouldn't. We'd come this far. I needed to go the rest of the way.
Maurice shifted behind me. There was a pause and then I felt searing pain as he plunged his cock into me in one motion. He bottomed out and I cried out in pain and tried to move away to take some of the pressure off, but he gripped my hips and held me in place. As he pulled back, my pussy lips were pulled out and it felt like he was going to turn me inside out. He pushed back in, causing me to yelp again. I'd had cocks before that I considered to be big but nothing had ever felt like this. I felt like I was going to be ripped in two. I put a hand back against his chest to try to get him to back off a little but he was having none of it. My eyes began to water as he pushed in and pulled out, touching parts of my pussy that had never been touched before. I was quickly becoming lightheaded and scooped up a handful of water and splashed it into my mouth.
"Is it good?" Maurice asked. It sounded like he was struggling to breathe too.
"Yes," I sighed, even though he was punishing my poor pussy. Even still, I was starting to get used to his size and the pain was starting to subside. At some point, my whimpering had turned to moaning. I had the side of the tub locked in a death grip as Maurice rocked me back and forth. I was so caught up in it that I didn't even hear the door to the room open.
"Charlotte wants us downstairs in five," Janna's voice called from beyond the doorway to the bathroom.
"Oh shit!" I said just above a whisper. Maurice stopped thrusting but didn't pull out.
"I'm going to go grab Kaz and then head down," Janna's voice was just outside.
"Wait, wait, wait. Hold on, I'm changing. Give me a sec." I swatted back at Maurice's chest until he reluctantly withdrew. I jumped to my feet and raced to the bathroom door. Janna had already passed by the door and was knelt by her bag. She would've had a clear shot of Maurice bending me over, but apparently never bothered to look toward the bathroom.
I slammed the door shut as quickly as I could.
"Be careful! Charlotte is going to be pissed if she has to pay for a broken door," Janna said.
"Sorry," I said, "I'm changing. I'll be out in a few." I immediately regretted my words when I realized I hadn't even brought anything into the bathroom to change into besides my nice dresses.
"Mind if I peek?" Janna said playfully. I heard her scratching her nails on the door.
"Maybe later," my voice trembled despite me trying to keep it lighthearted and not sound like I'd just been getting fucked raw.
"Promises, promises," she said. I was glad when she didn't try the door handle. "I'll meet you downstairs. I'm going to change and head out." There was a pause. "Maybe you'd like a peek?"
Maurice, who was now standing next to me, put his hand on the door handle and turned it. "Perhaps just a peek," he winked at me.
"You're an asshole," I hissed and slapped his hand. Men were complete pigs. Even with his dick dripping wet from my pussy, he was still trying to look at another woman.
"I was only kidding," he grinned. He put his hands on my hips and guided me back toward one of the vanities. When I bumped up against it, he lifted me onto it.
I shook my head and pointed at the door, indicating Janna just on the other side. Ignoring me, Maurice grabbed the hem of my dress and lifted it up to my waist. I tried to keep my legs together but he was too strong. He pushed them apart and stepped between them. I finally got a look at his dick. It was as big as it felt. The dark shaft was thick and lined with veins. His balls were big beneath it, full of the cum that would soon be bursting out.
I licked my lips as he rubbed the shiny head against my slit. He forced a loud gasp out of my lungs as he pushed back into me. He wasn't even able to get his cock all the way in. Still, like before, he seemed content to give me as much as I could take. My ass slid back across the vanity as he resumed fucking me. I had to grip the edge of it to keep from falling back into the sink. I lifted my legs and he took them in his hands and lifted them to his shoulders. The earlier pain had been completely replaced with pleasure In this position, he was able to pound me at a faster pace. My bra-free tits jiggled beneath my dress and the smack of skin rang out with every thrust.
"Are you ok in there?" Janna's voice called at the door. I had completely forgotten about her. I prayed she didn't open the door.
"Yeah...I'm just...unnnhhh...I'm just painting my nails real quick." I hadn't even brought nail polish on this trip. The bullshit that poured out of my mouth when I was being fucked was in incredible. "Go downs-s-s-stairs. I'll be there in a mmmmmminute."
"Well, don't take too long. There were some super cute guys down there and I want to have my pick before the queen bee gets out there." I knew Janna was referring to Charlotte. No matter where we went, guys flocked to her. It wasn't enough that she had rich parents who kept her dressed in Prada dresses and Tiffany bracelets, she was a tall, beautiful blonde with a flawless body.
"Ok...ummm...I'll be done ssssssoon." At the rate Maurice was going, I'd be done really soon.
"Oh yeah, I almost forgot. There's a dinner later tonight in the hotel's ballroom. That might be cool to go to."
"Sounds gooooood." I silently willed Janna to leave and let us fuck in peace.
"I'll probably wear the red dress that shows off my boobs," Janna said. It was an odd statement since all of Janna's outfits seemed to show off her cleavage.
"Ok..." It was getting incredibly difficult to talk.
"What'd you think of those guys who helped bring our bags in? Connor and Maurice I think? Kinda hot, huh?"
I opened my eyes and stared directly at Maurice. "Meh, they were nothing s-s-special." I stuck my tongue out at him.
Maurice took his hand off one of my legs and tweaked my nipple. I let out a shriek before clapping my hand over my mouth.
"What happened?" Janna sounded genuinely concerned.
"I...unnnhhh...dropped...the bottle," I managed to say.
"Bummer. Well make sure you clean that up. Charlotte would have a fit and I'm sure the hotel people wouldn't like it."
"Yeah...I'll keep them...h-h-happy." I grinned at Maurice. His forehead was sweaty and his strokes were becoming irregular.
"What color are you using anyway?"
Oh for fucks sake, I thought. "Red," I said, pulling a random color out of my mind.
"Ok, I'll see you downstairs in a few," Janna said.
"Cumming soon," I said both to her and Maurice.
When we heard the room door close, Maurice widened his stance and pushed my legs together over his left shoulder. He hammered into me with renewed strength. My hands were starting to ache from holding onto the counter but the pleasure he was delivering to my pussy was dulling the pain. I was getting close but Maurice wasn't going to make it. His face was scrunched up and his cheeks puffed out with labored breaths. Instead of cumming, I focused on squeezing him and giving him the best finish of his life. I did my best to try to trap his dick inside of me on every stroke.
A low moan started in his chest and he threw his head back as he continued to plunge into me. I tried to wiggle my hips on the counter and roll my pussy over his cock as he pushed to the finish line. His fingers were digging into my thighs. It was only a matter of moments.
"Pull out, pull out," I managed to say.
After just a few more strokes, Maurice rocked back on his heels, pulling free from my pussy. Cum started spurting from the tip before he even got his hand on it. He let out a loud roar as he pistoned his hand along its length. The first two shots had hit the back of my thigh. I rolled my hips to the side to block my pussy. The next shots were more powerful as Maurice stroked his cock at me. Streaks of white hot cum blasted over my hip and onto my dress. I pulled my dress up higher and another shot landed on my bare torso. He continued to stroke his cock as it dribbled cum onto the bathroom floor. Even after it stopped, he slowly worked his hand back and forth along his shaft. When he finally let it go, it was smeared with a soapy white combination of my juice and his cum. He took a step back and let out a long breath. I hopped down from the vanity and snatched up a hand towel and went to work cleaning myself. When I was done, I stooped down to wipe up the cum on the floor. If Janna came back and found that, I'd have no explanation.
By then, Maurice had recovered. His pants were back up and he had wiped off his sweaty face. "Perhaps I can see you again on my break," he said. I nodded, grinning. He stepped forward and kissed me on the cheek before opening the bathroom and walking out. After I heard the door to the room open and close, I turned and looked at myself in the mirror. My hair was ruffled and my cheeks glowed. I looked like I had just been fucked senseless. I turned on the faucet and splashed cold water on my face then stepped out of my dress and went to my bag. After grabbing my green bikini, I used a couple pins to put my hair up. When I had made myself look halfway decent, I left to meet my friends at the pool.
"It's about time you got here," Kaz admonished me as I walked out onto the patio. She was at the bar eating nachos and waiting on a drink.
I rolled my eyes. "Where's everyone else?"
"Janna's in the pool. Rowan's around here somewhere. And Charlotte is over there with her harem." As Kaz pointed, I looked in that direction and saw Charlotte lounging on a chair. There were two guys on each side of her, one near the head and one by her feet. They were dressed in the hotel's white uniforms, and from this distance, they looked very attractive. Each man had one of her limbs in his hand and was massaging it. Even though it was dark, Charlotte had large, aviator sunglasses on.
I shook my head and turned back to the bar. "Could I get a Blue Hawaii?"
A long-haired man with a thick mustache turned to face me. "Sorry, I'm out of Blue Curaçao. A truck was supposed to come in yesterday, but the driver ran a stop sign. Pow!" The man clapped his hands together for emphasis. "We haven't had that spirit here since six or nine this morning. These people get to drinking early." I frowned, trying to think of another good drink. "Tell you what, I'll fix you something nice and have it brought over to you," he said. I smiled and nodded and made my way to the pool.
Rowan appeared from out of nowhere and almost ran me over. "Sorry, Mia," she said, looking genuinely sorry.
"It's ok," I said. "How's the water?"
"It's fine I guess." She was frowning. She shifted her weight on her feet and looked over my shoulder. "Listen, what time do you think we'll leave in the morning?"
"I don't know. Early I'd imagine. We still have a long way to go before we get to L.A." I said. Rowan folded her arms and rubbed her shoulders. "What's wrong?" I asked.
Rowan glanced around the pool area. I followed her eyes. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Some people were dancing to the music. Other people were lounging by the pool enjoying drinks. Some were splashing in the pool. It looked like a paradise.
"There's something wrong with this place," Rowan finally said.
"What are you talking about?" I said, snapping out of my daydream. "This place couldn't be more right." I heard a scream from my right and saw a guy tossing a girl into the pool.
"That's what I mean. The whole place is a hedonistic paradise. A little too hedonistic don't you think? It's like everyone is having too good of a time."
Normally I'd at least briefly entertain Rowan while she went on one of her religious rants, but I wasn't in the mood. "Too good of a time? What the hell does that even mean?" I threw my hands in the air and marched past her, heading to the pool.
Rowan grabbed me by the arm. "Mia, I don't think we should stay here tonight. Let's get back to the car and try to get a little further down the road."
Rowan's religious convictions were starting to make my blood warm. I snatched my arm away. "Why don't you go get a drink. It'll loosen you up." I turned my back on her and continued toward the pool. I wasn't about to have my evening ruined by her. With any luck, she'd get a little alcohol into her system and by morning, it'd end up being me having to pry her away from this place.
"But Mia...," I heard Rowan say. I waved my hand at her without turning around.
I sauntered up to the edge of the pool near Janna. "There we go, now we have even teams," she said.
"Even teams for what?" I dipped my foot into the water and was pleased to find the water warm but refreshing.
"For volleyball," I heard a voice say behind me. Before I had a chance to turn around toward it, I felt a shove and found myself hurtling toward the water.
When I came back up, I found a crewcut guy in a black speedo standing by the pool grinning at me. He was clearly proud of himself given how well he filled out the speedo. Even though he didn't look to be as big as Maurice, the garment was ill-fitting. Still, one couldn't be sure. I'd heard that guys were prone to stuffing things like socks into their speedos to try to make themselves look bigger.
The crewcut guy took a step back from the edge and then ran the short distance to the pool and hopped in. I shielded myself as a cascade of water splashed onto me. Mr. Speedo swam over to me and offered his hand. "Sorry about that. The name's Josh."
As he spoke, I couldn't help but notice he had an unusually long tongue. Between that tongue and his big dick, he probably kept his girlfriend thoroughly satisfied. "I'm Mia, nice to meet you," I shook his hand.
There was another splash behind me and water against my back. "Get outta here dude, she's on our team," a voice said. I turned and saw a tall guy with thick, mousy hair.
Josh shoved him away. "Finders keepers. Go find your own."
"You guys already have a girl," mousy-hair pointed toward Janna.
"Well, take Lucas, he plays like a girl anyway," Josh said.
"Hey, I heard that!" a blond guy in glasses yelled.
"No way, man. She's ours." And with that, mousy-hair grabbed me by the arm and pulled me away.
"We'll catch up later," Josh called after me.
Mousy-hair guided me to the other side of the pool. Waiting there was a guy who looked to be in his 50s but still had a great body. Standing with him was an olive-skinned guy who looked like he might be Sicilian or Middle Eastern.
"I'm Logan, by the way," mousy-hair said as we came to a stop. "That's Bill," he pointed at the older guy. "And that's Tony," he pointed at the olive-skinned guy. "Alright! Let's get it going!" Logan clapped his hands.
Janna and a tan guy she'd been huddled with at the edge of the pool came to join the rest of their team. Lucas, the guy on their team with the glasses, served the ball but it bounced into the net.
"Just like I said," Logan yelled across the net at Josh, "a girl!" Josh responded by flipping Logan the bird. I resented the comment. Lucas was clearly terrible, but that didn't mean I played like him. In fact, I'd helped carry my team to the state high school final four my senior year.
"Who's up to serve?" Bill said as the ball came over.
"I'll take it," I said, stepping up.
"You can take my ball anytime," Josh hollered.
"Hey, be nice," Bill called out.
"It's ok, Bill," I said. Then I turned to Josh. "Sorry, I only play with the big ones." I stuck out my tongue and prepared to serve.
"Oh, I've got the big ones," Josh said. And with that, he yanked down his speedo and leapt up out of the water. I only got a glimpse, but I saw enough to tell that there was definitely no speedo stuffing going on.
"Come on man, seriously," Bill said, shielding his eyes.
I shook my head and tried to maintain my composure. I prepared a jump serve and tossed the ball high above my head. As it came down, I leapt out of the water and smacked it toward the net. It sailed over and splashed down between Janna and the tan guy on her team.
"Ace, ace, baby!" I called out and pumped my fist. I cast a smirking side eye glance at Logan as if to say, "play like a girl huh?" His eyes were glued to my chest. I rolled my eyes and motioned for the other team to throw the ball back. Lucas was looking at me grinning and slapping Josh on the arm. Janna finally threw the ball back.
A voice called out from another part of the pool, "Hey, Tits McGee, if you play the rest of the game with your tits out like that, I don't think it's gonna be fair." I looked and saw Kaz sitting on a guy's lap not far from us. She was pointing at my chest. When I looked down, my left nipple was exposed. I yelped and dropped down below the surface of the water until I had fixed my wardrobe malfunction.
"Aww, don't put it away," Josh said. "I know just what to do with it." He flicked out his long tongue. Imagining his serpent-like tongue wrapped around my nipple sent chills up my spine.
I stood back upright and took the ball. No more jump serves for me. My next serve was returned, and after several volleys, it splashed down in front of Bill. As I moved to get into position for the other team's serve, I felt a tap on my shoulder.
"Yo baby, this is from the bar." I turned and saw a pale, redheaded man in dark sunglasses stooped by the side of the pool. His arms and chest were covered in tattoos. He was cradling a light green drink with an umbrella. I accepted it even though it broke two of my drinking rules: don't accept drinks from strangers and don't accept drinks if you don't watch the person making it.
"What's good wit' you, Logan? You tryin' to go burn one?" tattoo-guy said, extending his arm and bumping fists with Logan.
"Yeah, maybe after the game," Logan replied. "Mia, this is Red. Red, Mia"
"What's good, mama." Red lifted his sunglasses and winked at me. I was taken aback by how blue his eyes were. They looked unnaturally blue. Probably contacts.
I took a sip of my drink. It was sweet and had a strong flavor of pineapple. It was no Blue Hawaii but it would do. I took another long sip and sat it on the edge of the pool. I glanced over to Kaz and saw her still sitting on the guy's lap. He had his arms around her waist beneath the water. Her head was tilted back and she was whispering something in his ear. He said something back that made her giggle and then her mouth went wide. It took me a moment to realize his right arm was moving beneath the water. I didn't have to see beneath the water to know what he was doing. No one else around the pool seemed to notice. I shook my head and refocused on the game.
The game's action went back and forth. Josh lapped his tongue at me every time he scored a point. I let out an exaggerated chuckle when Logan leapt out of the water and spiked the ball off his head. During breaks in the action, I sucked down more of my drink. It wasn't long before my head started getting swimmy. I stole occasional glances at Kaz. She now had her arm lifted up around the back of the guy's neck. Her head was back against his shoulder and her eyes were closed. There was a slight motion in her torso and she was biting her lip. I was amazed that no one else had apparently noticed them. Or if they did, they pretended not to notice.
Charlotte meanwhile, had collected another guy who was working her shoulders. Each guy's tongue was practically hanging out of his mouth as they ran their hands over her skin. I had no doubt that she'd send each guy away high and dry.
Rowan was nowhere to be found. She had likely gone up to her room to pout. That was the best place for her. When she wasn't drinking, she was the biggest downer at parties. Conversely, when the booze flowed into her, you had to keep an eye on her. It was nothing for her to go from holding a Corona in each hand one minute to holding a cock in each hand the next minute.
The game went on and it wasn't long before Logan called out, "game point!"
He served the ball over the net and the other team volleyed it around before managing to get it back to us. Bill bumped the ball in my direction and I set the ball up in front of Logan. He caught it on the way up and spiked it at Lucas. Lucas flailed wildly at the ball, barely managing to get a hand on it. It careened off his hand and sailed to the far side of the pool and came down between two women lounging on chairs, drawing a shriek from one. Logan pumped both fists in the air and made finger-gun signs at the other team. Bill came over and clapped him on the back. Feeling the effects of the alcohol, I swam over and slapped Logan on the ass, "good game!"
Logan responded by lifting me out of the water. I shouted and reached out vainly to grab onto something as he hoisted me high into the air. He started shouting, "MVP" as he lifted me onto his shoulders. I wrapped me legs around the back of his head and let them dangle down the front of his chest. Bill and Tony, the olive-skinned guy, joined in the chanting. Before long, Josh and the rest of his team were chanting too. I lifted my arms in the air and then tried to take a bow. The movement almost caused me to fall off Logan's shoulders and I had to grab onto his head to stay upright. I accidentally pulled his hair, causing him to reach back and slap my ass like I had done to him moments before.
Logan paraded me around the edge of the pool in a victory lap. We received a smattering of applause from a group gathered near the bar. The hotel guy massaging Charlotte's shoulders paused long enough to give us a double thumbs up. Red was walking by the edge of the pool and waved at us with a weird "W" sign he made with his fingers. As we passed by one of the poolside speakers, I clapped my hands above my head and began to swivel my hips to the beat. This drew smiles and cheers from the group that was dancing on the patio. A guy drinking from a tall bottle raised it in my direction. I blew him a kiss with both hands.
We circled back around past the net to a deeper part of the pool. I glanced over to where I'd seen Kaz earlier. There was no mistake about what she was up to. Her eyes were closed and her face was clenched as her body rocked back and forth on the lap of the guy under her. The guy's left hand was still beneath the water, but his shoulder betrayed its movement. His right hand was under the cup of her bikini, groping her bare tit. I could barely see his face around Kaz. His eyes were half open and he was licking his lips, enjoying the sex as much as Kaz was. As I continued to grind against the back of Logan's head, my pussy reminded me that Maurice hadn't finished the job upstairs. I ran my tongue across the back my teeth, tasting the envy in my mouth as Kaz fucked in full view of everyone at the pool.
When Logan stopped walking, my heart leapt into my throat as he suddenly dropped down in the pool, submerging us both. I screamed at the top of my lungs as he lifted me back out of the water. Sweeping the water off my face, I clutched my legs tighter around his head in case he tried to do it again. Instead, he began to spin around in place. The alcohol in my system and the movement was not a good combination. I thought I was going to pass out, throw up, or both. I shouted at him to stop and grabbed onto his head to keep from falling off. He thankfully stopped twirling after a few spins. My brain felt like it was still going around.
"Is that warmth on the back of my neck pool water or are you just happy to see me?" he said in a low voice. I opened my eyes and found him grinning up at me. To be fair, I couldn't be sure which one was the case, but was in no hurry for him to put me down. In any event, I smacked him gently on the back of his head for his comment.
Movement above me caught my eye. A dark-haired woman was standing at one of the hotel windows looking out at the pool area. It was difficult to see her features because the glare of the poolside lights was reflecting off the glass. She had dark skin and looked young. Her gaze swept back and forth as she took in our small, tropical paradise. Her face peered around through the window until our eyes met. I offered a wide smile. She looked briefly at Josh and then back at me. I ran my fingers through his hair and resumed grinding against his head. It was as if the woman couldn't take her eyes off me. I lifted my hands in the air and shimmied to the music that now sounded far away. I don't know what made me do it, but I gestured toward the woman to come join us outside.
She pointed to her chest and I could read her lips as she asked, "Me?"
I nodded. She remained standing in place but her eyes were washing over my curves, undressing me with her eyes. Her eyes followed the droplets of water from the pool as they ran over and down between my breasts. I closed my eyes and ran my hands across my thighs to my stomach. It felt warm to the touch. My fingertips were like electricity on my skin. My hands rose higher on my torso until they reached the cups of my bikini. An audible moan escaped my lips as my hands slid over my hard nipples. My body temperature was spiking. I needed air. My tits needed air. I pinched the tops of the cups and pulled them down. Just as felt the air on the edge of my nipples, Logan dropped his body out from under me. I didn't even have time to scream before I found myself underwater again.
As I swung out with my feet to find the pool floor, Logan wrapped me in a bear hug and pressed his face against mine. Even though I felt like I was drowning, I wrapped my arms around the back of his neck and kissed him back. His tongue probed into my mouth and I swiped mine across his. I felt like my body heat was going to start boiling the pool water. He lifted me out of the water again. This time with me facing him and my legs wrapped around his waist. His lips were soft, but the light stubble above his upper lip tickled me. I drew back from the kiss. His eyes were hungry and reflected my own hunger. If I gave it to him, he'd take me right there in the middle of the pool.
I didn't realize he was walking us backwards until I felt water rain down on me from above. It took me a moment to realize it was from the fountain in the middle of the pool. It managed to cool me off enough to resist the urge to slide my bikini bottom to the side and pull out his cock. Instead, I suggested we go dance.
Logan set me down and led me toward the edge of the pool. He hopped out and then turned and offered me his hand. He lifted me up out of the water and I once again found myself pressed against him. He was head and shoulders taller than me. He leaned in for another kiss and offered myself to him. He ran his fingers down my spine, and even after his hand stopped, the tingling feelings continued down through my body. His mouth was ravenous. It felt like he was gradually pulling my soul out through my tongue. Reluctantly, I had to put a hand on his chest and push him away or I risked being trapped there against him forever.
Taking his hand in mine, I pulled him toward where a group of people were dancing. The beat of the music was fast and my heart raced to catch up to it. I swayed my hips as we approached the group. Logan put his hands on my hips and pressed against me. Feeling his hard cock through his trunks confirmed that he was enjoying my company as much as I was enjoying his. He twirled me around to face him and I proceeded to do my best to show him what my body could do. I lifted my hands to my hair, swaying my hips and rolling them back and forth, mimicking what it would look like if I was riding him. I drew in close to him, letting him feel the softness of my tits and grabbed his hands and returned them to my hips. He slid them down and around until he was cupping my ass cheeks and squeezed them.
Even though no one was watching, it felt like all eyes were on me as if I were performing on center stage. The music was a part of me. My body was like water as I dipped and gyrated. At one point, I dropped down, coming face to face with the front of Logan's trunks. I poked my tongue toward it and looked up at him, grinning. Logan responded by running his hands over my hair. I felt him lightly press on the back of my head, pulling me gently forward. It took every ounce of my limited remaining willpower not to yank his trunks down and impale my face on his cock.
More people joined the dance area and the bodies pressed in closer. It wasn't long before I started feeling the occasional hand on my ass that I knew didn't belong to Logan. It amused me to notice that not every hand was a man's hand.
A short time later, I felt a guy's body press up against me from behind. "Mind if I cut in?" It was Josh's voice.
"You said, 'finders keepers,' now get outta here," Logan said, smiling, and shoved Josh in the shoulder.
"Yeah, well I found her first, so that makes her mine," Josh said, shoving Logan back.
"Didn't you boys ever learn to share?" a woman's voice said from the side of us. She was an older woman with salt and pepper hair. She was sandwiched between two guys in their 20s. The guy behind was squeezing her breasts through her black bikini and grinding himself against her. She must've noticed my gaping mouth and chuckled. "You only live once," she said. "I'm Grace by the way."
"I'm Mia," I offered her my hand until I realized her hands were stuffed into the trunks of the guy dancing in front of her.
Josh and Logan seemed content with the idea of sharing. Josh grabbed my hips and began rocking to the music as Logan pressed against me from the front. The squeeze of their bodies against me was making me light-headed. With Josh's hands in the way, Logan couldn't move with me as well as he did before. His rigid motions didn't go unnoticed by Josh, who took an opportunity to take a dig at him.
"Dude, are you doing the robot?" Josh said, letting out a loud guffaw.
"Don't worry about me, I've got all the moves," Logan said. "Look at you. All I've seen you do is rub your dick on her butt like you're a teenager at a school dance."
Josh responded by taking his hands off my hips. I glanced over my shoulder and watched as he went through a series of intricate foot, leg, and hip movements that could best be described as new age tapdancing. The whole time, he managed to never break contact with my ass.
"How's that for a school dance, Mr. Roboto?" Josh said, laughing.
"Weaksauce," Logan said. With that, he leaned back in the limited space we had and put his hand on the ground. His shoulder muscles and abs flexed as he kept his body elevated in an impressive one-hand planking pose. When he locked eyes with me, he bounced his hips up and down, making my stomach do somersaults. He pushed himself back up to a standing position with one hand and then swept his hands over his shoulders as if dusting them off, then flicked the imaginary dust at Josh.
"Stop skipping leg day," Josh shouted. Josh spread his feet and proceeded to drop his ass in a series of bounces, squatting until his face was at the back of my bikini bottom. As he reached the waistband, he snagged it between his teeth. I allowed him to lower it, only planning to let it go a couple of inches. The green material slid over the curve of my cheeks, and just as I was about to push his face away, he bit into my skin. The bite wasn't hard, but it was enough to make me jump and slap his forehead.
Not to be outdone, Logan spread his feet apart and mirrored Josh's maneuver. It was far more impressive given how tall he was. He continued lowering himself to the ground until his face was in front of my bikini bottom. He took a moment to flash me a grin before pressing his mouth against my covered pussy.
Spikes of pleasure shot through my body, making me lose my balance and I grabbed onto Logan's hair. I willed my arms to push him away, but every time I tried to, I pushed my pussy against his face. Apparently feeling emboldened, Logan pressed his tongue into the material, pushing it into my folds. I would've fallen on the ground if Josh hadn't been behind me. Instead, I fell back against his arms. He put his arms around me, managing to keep me upright as Logan continued to probe me with his tongue. I felt Josh's breath against my neck. "You already know whose tongue is better," he said, flicking his long tongue against my ear lobe.
My whole body shuddered and I reached back and grabbed the back of his head. I clenched my eyes shut. I was so embarrassed that I was letting a guy basically eat my pussy through my bikini in front of everyone, but it felt too good for me to stop. Josh kissed my earlobe and worked his way down my neck and under my jaw. I was now openly humping against Logan's mouth. The contact was a huge tease and I debated pulling my bikini bottom to the side and letting him lick me for real.
Logan started rising back up to his feet and I reluctantly released his hair. I was too embarrassed to open my eyes and look at him. I felt him lean in and begin kissing my neck on the opposite side from where Josh was sucking my skin between his lips.
"Holy fuck," I managed to whisper between short gasps of air.
"Only if you want us to," Logan said, only pausing briefly before resuming the kisses on my neck. I wrapped my arms around his back and pulled him against my tits. I could feel his hard cock poking me in the stomach through his trunks. I couldn't believe how much of a whore I'd become in the last couple hours. I'd just fucked a guy I didn't even know and was now debating taking on two more.
I managed to open my eyes. I peered past Logan's left shoulder and saw Kaz. She was laying back against the chest of the guy under her. Her black hair was matted around her face. She was no longer moving, but her face had the glow of post-orgasmic bliss. I wanted to feel it.
Too embarrassed to say the words, I reached down and simultaneously put my hands on the front of each guy's trunks, feeling their hard cocks. Logan was a little bigger, but I had no doubt that Josh made up the difference with his tongue. I gave each cock a squeeze before releasing them and stepping from between them. They both looked dumbstruck as I walked away. I rolled my eyes. It was like they needed me to hold up a giant sign that said, "Come fuck me."
Logan took a tentative step toward me, and when I smiled, he and Josh began following me as I resumed walking toward the hotel. When I turned back around, I almost ran into Rowan.
"Hey Rowan, where've you been?" I tried to sound upbeat even though I absolutely couldn't care less where she'd been. She was the last person I was in the mood to see at that moment.
"Mia, don't do this," Rowan's voice sounded pleading.
"Don't do what," I said, trying to sound oblivious. I pulled my arms in front of my chest, wishing I could cover myself in a blanket to shield my obvious lust. Rowan looked over my shoulder at Josh and Logan who had walked up. I followed her gaze. "Oh, no, it's not like that," I fanned my hand at her as if waving off the very idea of going upstairs to fuck them. "We're just going...because...remember the umm...I have to get some stuff from my bag." I knew I sounded ridiculous, so I didn't bother to keep trying to lie and stepped past her.
Rowan put a hand on my shoulder. "What about Dylan?" The mention of my boyfriend's name was like a pinprick to the center of my chest.
"Who's Dylan?" Logan said, putting his hands on his hips.
"Her boyfriend," Rowan folded her arms. She spoke with all the sass of a professional cockblocker.
"Damn it, Rowan, mind your fucking business." I wanted to slap her. Rowan looked physically pained by my words, but I didn't care. It was like her sole purpose in the world was to be the angel on your shoulder whenever you wanted to listen to the devil on your other shoulder. She could rarely have a good time so she wanted to keep everyone else from having a good time.
For a moment it looked like she was going to cry. Instead, her face turned dark. "Fine, go get spitroasted. Don't let me stop you." She spun around on her heels and started to walk off. I stepped toward her and reached out for her. "No," she said, pivoting away from my hand. "I'll just go have that drink." Her words dripped with the tone of 'you'll be sorry.'
"Hey, we don't want to come between friends. We aren't—" Josh started to say.
"Fuck off," Rowan spat. She raised her hands as she walked by, as if Josh and Logan were walking trash piles.
I shot eye-daggers at her back then turned and stomped toward the hotel. I glanced back and saw Josh following, but Logan was lingering behind staring at me. No doubt he was taken aback by finding out I had a boyfriend. I arched my eyebrows at him. "Are you coming or what?" He glanced in Rowan's direction before jogging to catch up to us.
By the time we reached the elevators, my mood had perked back up. Josh's hands were all over me as soon as the doors closed. He pushed me back against the glass wall of the elevator car and slipped his hands under the cups of my bikini. I reached out to Logan for support as Josh squeezed and kneaded my tits. Logan stepped closer and leaned down to resume kissing my neck. I didn't even realize we'd reached my floor until I heard a gasp. I opened my eyes and saw a stocky, middle-aged woman standing next to an equally built man. They were both dressed for the pool. I batted Josh's hands down and pulled my top back into place. "Excuse us," I said as casually as I could, stepping past the couple and turning down the hallway toward my room.
"Put your tongue back in your mouth, Howard," I could hear the woman saying.
As soon as I opened the door to the room and stepped inside, Josh shocked me by grabbing the waistband of his trunks and dropping them to his ankles.
"Wow, you're an eager beaver aren't ya?" I said, my eyes drawn to his cock.
"I'm eager for your beaver," he responded, stepping close to me and poking me in the stomach with it. He wrapped his arms around me and lifted me into the air. He pressed his face between my breasts and proceeded to motorboat them. I never understood why guys did that.
I wrapped my legs around his waist as he carried me through the living room and back toward the bedroom. Logan followed behind us. He had also lost his swim trunks. His cock, while not as big as Maurice's, was still long and thick. I licked my lips as I watched it bounce in front of him as he walked behind us.
With Josh's face buried in my cleavage and my back turned, it was Logan who saw it first. "Ohhh shit, dude!" he called out. I looked back in the direction Logan was pointing.
Janna was laying back in the middle of the queen-sized bed closest to the window. She was completely naked. More shocking than that was the salt and pepper woman's head between her legs. Still more shocking, was the man on his knees behind the her with two handfuls of her ass cheeks. For a moment, nobody moved or spoke. I recognized the woman between Janna's legs as Grace, the older woman who'd been dancing next to me outside. The man balls-deep in her was the tan guy Janna had been flirting with during our volleyball game.
"Don't let us stop you," Grace said, breaking the silence. With that, she buried her face back in Janna's pussy. Janna cried out and arched her back, running her fingers through the woman's hair. The tan guy eyed us for several more moments before resuming his fucking.
I hadn't been expecting an audience. "Let's go out to the living room," I said, patting Josh on the shoulder.
"Oh, don't be a prude," he said. He walked me into the room and dropped me onto the other bed. Before I had a chance to protest, his mouth was on my neck. He brought a hand up and slipped it under my bikini top and began massaging my tit.
Logan, now barreling forward with a full head of steam, knelt onto the bed and grabbed the sides of my bikini bottom. I lifted my butt off the bed and allowed him to slide it over my hips and down my legs. He threw it over his shoulder with a smirk and leaned his head down between my legs. "Now, where were we?" he said just before pressing his lips against my lower lips.
I almost came right there, but the moans and grunts from the other bed were a distraction. I grabbed onto Logan's head for the 40th time that evening as his ran his tongue up between my folds. I felt a little self-conscious with all the people in the room and did my best to keep from crying out, even when Logan dragged his tongue up the side of my clit.
Josh stopped kissing my neck and I felt his body shift on the bed. "Open up, this isn't a free ride," I heard him say.
I opened my eyes and saw his cock stretched out above my mouth. Beyond it, I could see him grinning down at me in anticipation. Beyond him, I could see a large mirror on the ceiling. The view was a little disorienting. I could see the top of Josh's head and me lying on the bed beneath him. Logan's light skin was an interesting contrast against my caramel skin as I looked at the back of his head between my legs. I glanced across the room and noticed an identical mirror above the other bed.
Josh grabbed his cock with the hand that wasn't squeezing my tit and smacked it against my face. "Open," he said again.
"What's the magic word?" I said, batting my eyes at him.
"Pretty please," he said, rubbing the head of his cock along my cheek.
"Pretty please, what?"
"Pretty please open your mouth so I can fuck your tonsils."
I stifled a laugh. It wasn't romantic, but it was good enough. I stopped teasing him and slowly opened my mouth.
Logan continued to tongue my pussy as Josh pushed his cock into my mouth. I moaned around his head as it ran along my tongue. He wasn't content to let me do the work. I ran my tongue along the underside of his shaft and tried to move my head back. Instead, Josh removed his hand from my breast and put it at the back of my head, keeping my head in place. He withdrew until the head was barely between my lips and then pushed back in. I brought my hand up, intending to stroke him while I sucked.
"No hands," Josh said, slapping my hand away. I grinned at him around his cock. My grin was short lived as Logan buzzed my clit with his tongue. I couldn't help crying out and grabbed onto his head. He brought his hand up and pushed a finger into my dripping pussy as he continued to lap at it.
Across the room, the tan guy continued to pound Grace. The sound of his hips smacking against her ass echoed across the room. Despite having her face smashed repeatedly into Janna's pussy, she was still doing a good job eating it, evidenced by the moans coming from Janna.
I turned my attention back to Logan and Josh. Josh was pushing increasingly deeper into my mouth. Logan's tongue on my clit and finger pressing into my pussy were making it tougher to breathe with Josh's cock in my mouth. Again, I brought my hand up to grab onto Josh's cock, this time trying to modulate the depth with which he was fucking my mouth.
Once again he slapped my hand away. "I said no hands...whore." He smirked at me as he pushed back in.
Whore? I knew he didn't really mean anything by it, but I was still shocked. As he withdrew, I closed my teeth down on his shaft, gently nipping him.
"Ouch!" Josh cried out and pulled his cock out.
Logan stopped eating me and looked up with alarm. "What's wrong?"
"She teethed me!" Josh was holding a hand over his cock.
"Why'd you do that?" Logan stared blankly at me, his mouth glistening with my juice.
"Oh, come on, I barely grazed him. He's just being a baby." Logan continued to stare at me. "He called me a whore," my voice had the whine of a child tattling on a sibling. Josh leaned back toward me and rapped me on the forehead with his cock. "Hey!" I shouted and slapped him on the thigh.
Josh turned to Logan, "Ok, dude, time's up." Josh moved down the side of the bed toward where Logan was and tapped him on the back. "Come on, let me get in there. I'll show you how it's done."
Logan rolled over the side of the bed and got to his feet. Josh flicked out his long tongue, causing my stomach to quiver with butterflies. Logan moved up toward my head and knelt by my head with his cock just above my face. I licked the underside of the head, making him groan. He took hold of his cock and rubbed it back and forth as I ran my tongue up and down the underside of his shaft. As I opened my mouth to take it in, I felt Josh's tongue against my pussy. It was teasing along the edge of my lips, barely touching them. When I looked down at him, he arched his eyebrows.
The anticipation was killing me. I wanted to see what that tongue could do. I raised my hips and tried to rub along his mouth. He responded by bracing my hips with his hands and holding me down on the bed. "Ah, ah, ah. You're gonna pay for teething me," he said.
"But you...whatever." I rolled my eyes and turned my attention back to Logan's cock. He ran it from one corner of my mouth to the other before slipping it between my lips. He was thicker than Josh and I had to widen my jaw to accommodate him.
Logan groaned again as I whipped my tongue around him while he pushed deeper into my mouth. He still had a hand around his cock and it brushed up against my mouth. He withdrew and pushed back in before stroking his shaft while the head remained in my mouth. Josh was still teasing me. He'd moved to my inner thighs and was running his tongue along the crease between my thigh and my pussy. Every time I felt his hands on my hips relax, I tried to move my pussy to his mouth. He'd then tighten his grip and resume the tease.
The smacking sound from the other bed had increased in speed. I glanced over and saw the tan guy squeezing Grace's ass as he thumped away. The way his body kept doubling over told me that it wouldn't be long before he came. Meanwhile, Grace had Janna's legs pushed back against her chest. Janna's eyes were closed and she was tweaking her thick, pink nipples. The increasing volume of her moans signaled her own impending orgasm.
I glanced up at Logan. His cheeks were pink, but he was going strong. He removed his hand from his cock and ran his hand over my hair as he forked his cock in and out of my mouth. I relaxed my throat and tried to resist my gag reflex as he pushed deeper. My concentration was completely broken when I felt Josh's tongue push into my pussy. I shuddered and cried out when brushed my clit, even as I felt his tongue inside me. It was a totally new sensation. I momentarily pulled my mouth off of Logan and propped myself up on my unsteady elbows to confirm what Josh was doing. Owing to his long tongue, he had curled it over and was tongue-fucking me while rubbing it against my clit. He loosened his grip on my hips, allowing me to lift my pussy against his mouth.
The tan guy let out a loud growl. I looked over and watched through blurry vision as he pushed into Grace once, then twice. On the third thrust, he stayed pressed against her. His face was tilted up to the ceiling and his eyes were clenched shut as he undoubtedly unloaded his balls into her pussy.
Logan returned his cock to my mouth and immediately resumed gently fucking it. It was difficult to give it the attention it deserved. Josh's tongue felt like a squirming cock in my pussy. The orgasm I hadn't gotten earlier was now racing toward the surface. It was clear that even though Josh had a long tongue and could easily get by on that alone, he'd developed actual pussy-eating skills. I continued to lift my hips to grind against his mouth. He applied just enough pressure to keep my orgasm pushing closer but still held off just enough to keep it from bursting forth.
In the next bed, Janna's moans grew louder. I turned my head, adjusting my mouth on Logan's cock, and looked toward the other bed. Grace's head was slightly bobbing up and down as she pushed Janna to the brink. She still had Janna's legs pushed back and spread wide. Janna had two handfuls of the woman's hair and was getting louder. I felt Josh's tongue leave my pussy. I looked down and saw that his attention had been drawn to the other bed as well. Janna's loud moans turned to shrieks and she pulled Grace's head tight against her pussy. She was trying to bounce herself up off the bed but was effectively pinned down. The tan guy withdrew and went to the chair at the desk near the bed. He turned it around and sat down to watch the show. Even Logan stopped thrusting into my mouth and watched.
Janna's face and upper chest turned beet red and she let out a piercing scream. She strained to bring her legs down but the older woman refused to let her go and continued the assault on Janna's pussy. It felt like a full two minutes before Janna began to come down from her orgasmic high and her screams grew quieter. Grace lifted her head and finally released Janna's legs, which fell to the bed with a bounce. Grace grabbed a handful of the bedsheets and wiped her face before rolling off the bed and walking into the bathroom.
With Janna's show now over, Logan resumed pushing his cock back and forth between my lips. I felt my legs being lifted and watched Josh lift them up onto his shoulders. There was no teasing this time. Josh leaned into me and I felt his cockhead split my pussy lips. I cried out around Logan's cock as Josh pushed deep into me. He wasn't nearly as big as Maurice, but it was enough. Without missing a beat, he tightened his grip on my legs and began to hammer my pussy. I struggled to keep Logan's cock in my mouth as my body rocked back and forth on the bed. He reached down and grabbed onto one of my bouncing breasts.
My long-deserved orgasm was about to wash over me and I no longer cared who was watching. I lifted my arms above my head and tried to brace myself against the headboard. Josh grunted as he continued to pound me. I squeezed his cock with my muscles, drawing a loud moan from him. I wanted to get him a little further along before I came, but I doubted I'd make it. I pulled my mouth off of Logan's cock and chewed the insides of my mouth to try to distract myself, but it was little use. I curled my toes above Josh's shoulders, feeling my feet tingle. The tingling sensation raced up my calves, up my spine, and settled into my stomach. Logan dropped down onto the bed and grabbed hold of my other breast. He sucked in the nipple of the breast closest to me and that was all it took.
I cried out as my orgasm spilled out from my stomach and down to my pussy. "Oh fuck, oh my fucking God!" I pushed against the headboard, trying to fuck Josh back. For his part, he raised his hips, providing more direct contact to my clit. The building sexual tension from the evening immediately set me off again and I felt another explosion in my pussy. I brought my hands down and pulled Logan's face tight against my breast. I could hear him struggling to breathe.
My orgasm continued to ripple through my pussy and eventually it must've become too much for Josh. His strokes suddenly became erratic and he held himself still inside me, apparently trying to keep from cumming. I was still in the midst of my orgasmic bliss, and even though I knew he should pull out, I couldn't form the words to tell him.
Josh pushed in tentatively. He withdrew and when he pushed back in, his face scrunched up and his shoulders hunched up to his ears. "Oh damn it!" He withdrew and I immediately felt a splash of hot liquid against my pussy. In the back of my mind I wondered whether he had pulled out in time. He released my legs and I heard him stroking his wet cock. I felt another splash against my pussy and lowered my legs as another hit the back of my thigh. I brought my legs down to the bed in time to watch a smaller spurt spill from his cock and land on the bed. His face was red and damp with sweat. His strokes slowed and came to a stop. When he was done, he leaned forward on one hand and smacked his cock gently against my pussy, making me jump.
My orgasm had subsided by then and my nipple in Logan's mouth was becoming painfully sensitive. I tapped him on the back of the head with my palm. With one final lick, Logan removed his mouth from my nipple and stood to his feet. He walked around to the end of the bed and practically shoved Josh out of the way. He took a moment to pull up the comforter on the bed. He used it to wipe Josh's cum from my pussy lips before tossing it aside. Josh, breathing heavily, went around and sat on the far side of the bed. There was only a moment before Logan knelt between my spread legs and positioned his body above me. He rubbed the head of his cock through my soaking lips, sending shivers up my spine. I already knew he was bigger than Josh, and as he entered me, I knew I was in for a nice ride. He pushed in and withdrew to the head then thrusted back in, making my tits bounce. This went on for several more strokes, the wet sound of his cock pushing through my soaked lips reaching my ears.
Logan leaned forward and laid his body onto me, his hard chest pressing against my soft tits. He immediately resumed pushing into me. I raised my knees and wrapped my arms around his back. I was still a little worn out after the double impact of the orgasm I had with Josh. Logan lifted his chin and kissed my neck. I let out a throaty moan at the contact and tightened my arms around his back, holding him tighter against my tits.
Grace reappeared from the bathroom and marched across the room, barely giving me and Logan a glance. "I'd better get back downstairs," she said. "I'm sure my husband is already wondering where I've been." I did a double take at her comment, even as I took on my third cock of the evening despite having a boyfriend. Grace collected her bathing suit and quickly dressed. "Absolutely delicious," she said, patting the bed just below Janna's outstretched feet. With that, Grace left the room. Janna rolled onto her side, facing our bed. She was absentmindedly rubbing the side of her thigh. The tan guy was still sitting in the chair at the desk. He was leaned forward with his elbows on his knees and was watching us with rapt attention.
Having finally cum, it was easier for me to focus on Logan's cock than it was when Josh was fucking me. I tightened and relaxed my muscles as he fucked me, trying in vain to trap his cock inside. He reached back and tried to grab onto my legs. Taking the hint, I lifted my legs and wrapped them around his back. Logan groaned into my neck as he sank deeper into me. His warm breath tickled and I couldn't help letting out a giggle.
"What's so funny?" Josh said from the side of the bed. I'd almost forgotten he was there.
I swallowed before speaking. "Nothing, he just—unnnhh" I was cut off as Logan licked my neck just below my jaw.
"Is it funny getting tag-teamed?" Josh leaned in closer toward the top of the bed. "Is it funny getting fucked like a whore?"
I didn't know how to take his comment. It was the second time he'd called me that. Part of me was offended. I didn't have time to dwell on it as Logan increased his pace. His breathing was getting deeper and his strokes were getting shorter. I kept clamping down on him with my pussy and dug my heels into his back. I felt the twinges of another orgasm starting to build but I knew there was no way I'd finish before Logan did. Instead, I kept my focus on getting him off.
Logan's strokes became quicker and shorter. "You feel so good," he whispered in my ear. "Make me cum." His words were a little odd considering there was no way he could keep from cumming at this point even if he wanted to. At the rate he was going, he wouldn't last another two minutes.
Josh spoke up again, "Hurry up Myra, we still want to do some drinking before dinner."
Not only was I irritated that he had called me by the wrong name, I resented the implication that I wasn't giving Logan a good time. I was determined to bring Logan off within the next 30 seconds. I arched my back beneath him by tugging on his back with my feet. I tightened down on my pussy and didn't let up. "Damn girl, what are you doing to me?" Logan huffed into my neck. The bed squeaked under his powerful thrusts. He lifted his chin and let out a gasp, "Oh shit." I moved a hand to the back of his head and pulled it down. When it was low enough, I bit into his earlobe. Logan responded with a high-pitched whine and began bucking his hips.
"Pull out," I whispered in his ear and unwrapped my legs from his back. I followed up by licking his earlobe. Logan's high-pitched whine turned to a high-pitched growl. "Pull out, pull out," I repeated, somewhat louder than before and tapped him on the back.
Logan continued thrusting away and pressed his sweaty forward into my cheek. When his body shuddered, I knew it was too late. I wedged a hand between his chest and mine and tried to push him off of me. "Stop! Don't cum in me!"
It was no use. Logan arched his back and thrusted into me one more time. He bit down on the bedsheets beneath us and screamed into them as he held himself inside me. I could feel his cock throbbing and knew it was spraying cum deep into my pussy. Resigned to my fate, I set myself to milking his cock with my pussy. He withdrew slightly and pushed in again, screaming once again into the bedsheets
When he was done, he fully collapsed onto my body, mashing my tits against his chest. I ran my fingers through the hair on the back of his head as he rapidly sucked in air. When his weight on my body started to rob me of air, I shifted on the bed and tapped his shoulder with my palm. He lifted up onto his hands and stared down at me, grinning. He leaned down and kissed me gently on the lips. Despite having just cum inside me, the kiss didn't have an ounce of lust. It was warm and made my heart melt. It reminded me of the way my boyfriend Dylan had kissed me earlier that day when we left campus on our road trip. Suddenly having my boyfriend pop into my head while another man was up to his balls in my pussy made the warmth in my heart cool and an anvil of guilt settle into my stomach. Why was I such a whore?
Logan lifted his body all the way off of me and withdrew his cock. Within seconds, I felt his warm liquid run onto my ass. I frowned and grabbed the comforter from the bed. For the second time, it was used to wipe a guy's cum from my pussy. Logan got to his feet and wobbled slightly.
"Damn dude, was it that good?" Josh teased.
"Whew!" Logan said as he staggered toward the bathroom.
Josh watched him walk for several moments before turning to me. "Don't get too full of yourself. You were alright." he said, smiling.
I rolled my eyes. "Just alright? You almost didn't pull out. And as I remember, you didn't last long."
"I lasted long enough to make you cum on my dick."
"That's because earlier I was—" I was about to tell him it was because I'd been fucked to within an inch of my life not too long ago but managed to cut myself off.
"Earlier you were what? Taking a ride on the Vibrator Express?" Josh made a buzzing sound with his mouth and pretended to shove a vibrator toward his crotch.
"Pffft, when you can make guys beg for it and get cock delivered to you with the snap of your fingers, you don't need vibrators."
"Blah, blah, blah," Josh used his hand to mimic me talking.
I rolled my eyes then closed them and laid my head back. I felt weight on the side of the bed opposite Josh and assumed Logan had returned from the bathroom. I felt his hand on my thighs, pushing them apart. I couldn't believe he was already ready for another go.
I opened my eyes as I felt him bracing himself with one hand near my head. I almost jumped out of my skin when I saw the tan guy hovering over me. He was staring down at me, one hand holding his cock at my entrance. I was so shocked that I couldn't even speak. He apparently took my lack of refusal as acceptance. Watching me with Josh and Logan must've led him to believe I was open for business to any guy who showed up with a hard cock and wanted to take a ride. Logan came out of the bathroom and went to sit on the edge of the other bed, facing us.
By the time I had gathered the words to tell him to get off of me, he was already pushing his way in. Rather than make things awkward and refuse to let him have a turn after he was already in me, I did nothing except glare at him. Once he had gotten himself settled in, I raised my knees and put my feet flat on the bed. He removed his hand and put it up on the other side of my head and began to piston his cock in and out of me. He smiled down at me as he fucked me. I turned my head away from him and stared off into space. He was an attractive guy. His combed-back dark hair was neatly styled but several hairs were out of place from his fuck session on the other bed. His body was equally impressive. I wasn't the type of girl who drooled over guys just because they had muscles but I was still able to appreciate a chiseled body. Still, I wasn't about to give him the satisfaction.
I suddenly realized this was the first time I'd let a guy fuck me right after another guy had cum in me. It was also the first time I'd taken on four cocks in one day. It wasn't, however, the first time I'd touched four cocks in one day. It also wasn't the first time I'd fucked a guy without knowing his name. I put a hand over my face as if everyone in the room could read my mind and scroll through my sexual history.
My thoughts were interrupted by the presence of someone on my left. I turned and watched as Janna, smiling, came to sit on the edge of the bed near my head. Despite still being naked, she crossed her legs and sat upright as if she was casually sitting on a park bench. Her eyes swam over my body: from my bouncing tits, down to where I was joined at the genitals with a complete stranger. Every eye in the room was on me. I wanted to jump up and run out. The only sounds were the grunts from the tan guy above me, but they were barely audible over the wet, smacking sound of his cock sliding in and out of my wet pussy. The combination of my juice and Logan's cum was no doubt turning into a frothy mess, but the tan guy didn't seem to mind and continued on driving his hips into me.
I was a little startled when Janna leaned over and reached toward my head. Smiling, she ran her hand along my hairline where my forehead was damp from exertion. Her fingers trailed along the side of my face. As they did, I smelled a hint of pussy on her fingers, no doubt from rubbing herself while Grace had been eating her out. Janna's hand continued over my jaw to my neck. Her hand lingered there and she stroked and gently squeezed it. I leaned my head in that direction and tried to trap her hand under there but her hand continued onward to my upper chest. I felt my heart race, knowing where she was headed. My eyes stayed locked on hers, but her eyes had drifted to her target. Her hand continued to caress its way across my upper chest and onto the upper swell of my breast. Although she tried to hide it, I saw her lick her lips as her full palm settled onto it. She briefly looked back at me as if asking for permission to continue. When I didn't protest, she squeezed it and slid her palm over my nipple. The contact made me jump. Janna must've taken my reaction as encouragement and reached over me to grab my other breast. She cradled them as tan guy continued to fuck me and make them bounce in her hands.
Movement from the other side of me drew my attention. When I looked over, I was startled to see Josh was slowly stroking himself. His eyes were focused on my breasts. I watched with fascination as his hand slid over the smooth skin of his shaft. Even as I watched, I silently hoped he wasn't expecting another turn. Janna slid her hand off the breast closest to her and moved it along my ribcage. I trembled in anticipation of where she was headed. Even as her hand passed over my stomach, I was simultaneously hoping she'd stop and hoping she'd continue. It wouldn't be the first time I'd let another woman touch my pussy, but it would be the first time I'd let Janna touch it and I wondered how our friendship would be affected going forward.
Her hand continued down and I moaned when she passed over my clit and bumped against the tan guy's thrusting cock. Before I had a chance to get used to it, Janna leaned over and took my nipple into her mouth. I couldn't help crying out and grabbing the back of her head as she tongued it. I felt movement on the bed again from Josh's side. He crawled over to us and wedged Janna's hand away from my other breast and replaced it with his mouth. I grabbed the back of his head and cried out, arching my back. Beyond having my neck kissed, having both of my nipples sucked at the same time was one of my biggest sexual triggers.
I truly felt slutty at that point but I was way past the point of caring. I laid my head back, eyes clenched shut, and let my body give in to the multitude of sensations. The tan guy was doing his best to fuck me despite the presence of Janna's wandering hand. The thought that she was smearing my pussy juice and Logan's cum around tan guy's cock was mentally jarring. I felt like I was on the set of a porn shoot. I lifted my chest while pulling Janna and Josh's heads tighter into my breasts. I was amused at the difference in style between them. While Janna was gentle and methodical, running her tongue around the edge of my nipple and teasing it with the tip of her tongue, Josh was slathering his tongue all over it and making smacking sounds with his mouth.
"Mmmmm...I'm getting close," I heard the tan guy say. Even though I was still irritated with him taking liberties with my body, I was impressed with his staying power. No doubt it was due to the fact that he had cum not long ago. But he was about to blow his top. His hips picked up speed and Janna had trouble stroking my pussy. Still, between Janna rubbing my pussy and having her and Josh sucking my nipples, I wasn't going to last much longer either.
With my feet planted firmly on the bed, I began to rock my hips at the tan guy, urging my orgasm forward. I opened my eyes and saw the tan guy's head above Janna's and Logan's heads. He was sweating and his face was tight with the effort of holding off from cumming. When we locked eyes, his eyes were full of pure animalistic lust. I tried to keep my face expressionless even as the orgasm that had been building relatively slowly, rushed forward. I turned and looked away as my stomach rolled and my body shuddered.
"Unnngghh! Don't stop fucking me!" I cried out. All ideas of looking or feeling like a slut disappeared. While not as powerful as the double shot I had earlier, the orgasm rocked my body. I dug my nails into the backs of Janna's and Josh's head. They didn't seem to mind and continued to suck my tits as I came. My eyes finally fell closed as I fully gave in.
When my orgasm finally began to wane, I opened my eyes. The tan guy's face was the picture of pure torture. His teeth were clenched and his eyes were bugging out of his head. He was only a matter of seconds away from going off.
"Do you want me to pull out?" he said through labored breathing.
Janna pulled her mouth off of my nipple. "Nah, just cum in her. Logan already did." She was right on one count, but I was taken aback at her volunteering my body. I debated speaking up but decided to just let it happen and get it over with.
It only took the tan guy a few more strokes before he sank his cock deep into me, trapping Janna's hand between our bodies. He threw his head back, crying out toward the ceiling as I prepared to take my second load of the evening. The tan guy's arms wobbled as his cock throbbed but with Josh and Janna in the way, he couldn't lay down on me. I ran my fingernails along his forearms which seemed to set him off again.
With my hand removed from Josh's head, he sat up on the bed. I noticed that he was still stroking his cock and faster than before. He swiveled his hips around on the bed and brought his cock to my mouth. I could smell my pussy on it.
"Open up," he said, rubbing the head along my lips.
"Don't even think about cumming in my mouth," I said, shaking my head.
"Ok, just let me put the head in for a second." I knew it was a trick so that he could cum in my mouth. I'd been tricked like that before. Fool me once, shame on me.
His face was red and his forehead was damp. His hand was a blur on his cock. He poked at my mouth twice more with the tip of his cock. I sucked my lips into my mouth and shook my head again, turning away from him. I heard a frustrated grunt and then felt the warm splash of his cum along the edge of my jaw. The next couple drops dribbled out onto my neck just below my ear.
The tan guy finally withdrew with a wet pop. "Thanks," he said and rubbed my knee. He climbed off the bed and began searching for his swim trunks.
Logan got off the other bed, his hard cock poking out in front of him. I cringed and lowered my legs. "No, she's had enough," Janna stuck her arm out blocking his path. Logan frowned, but his frown was replaced with a smile when Janna grabbed his cock and began stroking it.
Josh rolled off the other side of the bed and went toward the bathroom. When he was gone, I pulled the bedsheets from his side of the bed over my well-fucked body. I felt like I had run a marathon and it wasn't long before I faded off to sleep to the sound of Janna jerking off Logan.
I was awoken by Janna shaking me. "Time to get up, cutie. We've got to get downstairs to dinner."
I opened my eyes and looked around. All the guys were gone and we were alone in the room. I flipped the bedsheets off of me and stretched out my legs. I wasn't sure how long I'd been napping. I swung my legs off the side of the bed and went into the bathroom. My reflection in the mirror belied what had gone on in the bedroom. My hair was a mess and the side of my face had dried white spots of Josh's cum. My pussy was a mess of cum from two other guys. All I could do was shake my head and begin cleaning myself up before I showered.
Once dressed, Janna and I made our way downstairs to the hotel ballroom. I wasn't sure what the dress code would be so I'd opted for a slinky, off-the-shoulder silk black dress and black ankle strap heels. Janna was wearing a form-fitting red dress with thin straps that left nothing to the imagination. In usual form, it scooped low in the front and pushed out her breasts. It was clear that she'd opted not to go with a bra.
The hallway leading to the ballroom was lined with portraits of people I didn't know. At least, I didn't think I knew. One portrait near the ballroom caught my eye. It was an older woman with long, salt and pepper hair. She was sitting in a brown leather chair in some kind of office setting and her presence in the picture gave the impression that she was someone of importance. As I drew closer to the picture, I couldn't help noticing that she bore a striking resemblance to Grace. I felt a chill run up my spine despite the warm air.
When we entered the ballroom, it was as luxurious as the rest of the hotel. Long tables were covered in white tablecloths and flanked by white cushioned chairs. Each table was adorned with a tall, golden centerpiece. The room was filled with people, many of whom were already into their main course. We spotted the rest of our friends on the far side of the room and headed in that direction. My eyes wandered the room as we walked. Everyone was well-dressed and seemed to be in high spirits. As we approached the table, a server passed by with a tray of glasses filled with pink champagne, which he offered with a bow. Janna and I both took one as we sat down.
"Where have you two been?" Charlotte asked.
I could feel my cheeks getting warm and dug my toe into the carpet under the table.
"We went up to take a nap," Janna said. "By the way, the beds in this place are like sleeping on air."
I glanced around the table and found Rowan staring at me. I averted my eyes but could still feel her eyes on me.
"I thought something had happened to you," Kaz said. "When I looked up, you were both gone and so were the guys I saw you with." I wanted to kick her under the table. She was a fine one to talk considering she'd fucked a guy in the pool in front of everyone.
"Yeah," Charlotte chimed in, "whatever happened to them? They were cute."
I took a sip of the champagne and wished I could drown myself in it.
"I had the crazy idea that maybe you two had taken them up to your room," Rowan said. Her words dripped with accusations.
"That's ridiculous," Charlotte said, "Mia has a boyfriend."
"It's just weird that she disappeared at the exact same time those guys disappeared," Rowan said. "No one else finds that strange?" All eyes turned toward me, waiting for a response.
"No, they didn't leave with me. I m-m-mean, I didn't see them at all," I stammered. Rowan arched her eyebrow. "I'll be back," I said, "I'm going to check out the bar." I pushed my chair back so quickly it almost fell over. I practically ran from the table to the other side of the room where the bar was located. I walked past a table where a guy had what looked like a quadruple serving of steak. He was jabbing it with his knife, but it was apparently a little overdone because he was having trouble cutting it.
I sidled up to the bar. The bartender was a white man with a short, brown afro. He spun around to face me. "Your usual, ma'am?"
"No, umm, I think you have me confused with someone else," I said.
The bartender shrugged his shoulders. "What'll it be then?"
"I had a delicious light green drink when I was out at the pool." I frowned. "I'm not sure what it's called or what's in it."
The bartender smiled and snapped his fingers. "Coming right up." He turned his back and went to work making the drink.
I leaned back against the bar and scanned the room. The din of the room was almost melodic.
"Another day at the pool tomorrow," the bartender asked.
I pivoted back around to face him. "No, we have to get back on the road in the morning. We're just here for the night."
The bartender chuckled and set the drink down in front of me. "Just down for spring break, right?"
"Yup, just me and the girls down for a little fun in the sun," I said, lifting the drink. "We're only here because our driver was getting tired and almost ran off the road. We actually passed a flattened stop sign on the way in. Clearly, that person should've stopped sooner."
The bartender let out another laugh and slapped the bar. "I love that joke, ma'am. You crack me up every night you tell it."