"Hey, Nicole, could you do me a favor?" my brother Aaron asked as he walked into the kitchen. He said it so casually, like he expected me to agree like it was no big deal. I was sitting at the table, reading the side of a cereal box and trying to wrap my mind around the word "riboflavin." I didn't even look up from the box, I just sort of snorted.
"Uh, no" I said, moving onto thiamin. Aaron should have known better. There was absolutely no way in Hell that I was going to do anything to help the Golden Boy. He didn't seem daunted. A lifetime of always getting what you want will do that to a person. He plopped down on the chair across from me.
"Come on Nic," he said in a little whine, "You don't even know what I was going to ask." Which was true as far as it went. Which wasn't very far. I was actually sort of surprised my brother was asking me for anything. It was no secret that I hated him. Just like it was no secret that he thought I was a bitch. It was a great little system we worked out where we wouldn't talk to one another. Now that I was at college 8 months out of the year it was even better. In a few years, I wouldn't see him at all and then I'd just sit back and wait for the inevitable notification of his death. I was really looking forward to his funeral in 60 or 70 years. (Okay, so I was older, 20 to his 18, but women live longer. Also, I might decide to poison him).
"I don't care," I said, pondering the mysterious properties of niacin. Aaron let out a sigh and I smiled to myself. Maybe spring break at home wouldn't be all bad. Sure all my wealthy friends would be in the Caribbean getting shit-faced and having sex. But I, despite my parent's wealth, was poor. So I was home. Or "home" I guess. To make matters worse, my family had moved into a new house forty miles from our old house since I'd started school. This was just my first morning in this newer, bigger, and more sterile living quarter. So now I was stranded in a strange town where I knew exactly no one. At least I could piss off my brother.
"There is a free basketball game in it for you," my brother said. And my eyebrows rose. That was different.
"Pro?" I asked and Aaron nodded his head. I am a girly-girl in just about every way, but there is something in me that loves professional sports. Generally, the more violent the game, the better. But I would settle for a pro-basketball game. Besides, my team was in the playoff hunt that year. But I needed more information.
"Yeah, it is tonight," he said. I'd had this date all planned out with a cereal box, but I could consider breaking it. I looked over at Aaron and he looked absolutely tortured. He was sort of shifting a lot and his feet were moving under the table. He needed this from me bad, but I didn't know why.
"So what is the catch Aaron," said finally, "I don't feel like pulling this out of you, what is the fucking catch?" He stopped shifting and just sort of stared at me. His mouth opened once and he started to say something, but then stopped. I rolled my eyes, "tell me now, or the answer is definitely 'no' no matter what." He started speaking immediately.
"I am going to the game with this girl from my class, Rachel. I thought we were going as a date, I mean she asked me, but it sounded like a date," he explained. Great, I was going as a third wheel for some reason, 'Then today she texted me and said her friend Beth was going to be coming with us. Then I heard that tomorrow she is going out with this other guy from school. So I have no idea what this girl is thinking. If what we're doing is a date, than it should just be me. But if it isn't, what the hell are we doing? And..."
"Aaron," I said loudly, cutting him off, "What does any of your lame high school shit have to do with me?" He stopped for a second, and looked sheepish.
"I was hoping you'd come with me and...make Rachel jealous," he explained. For a second I didn't understand what he was saying. Then, suddenly, it clicked into place and I realized what he wanted. And I started laughing, I mean hysterically.
"Oh Christ Aaron, did you seriously just ask your sister out on a date?" I asked incredulously. He put his hands up like he was trying to explain something, but I was laughing again. His face was all red and he looked totally embarrassed. It was pretty awesome. He kept saying my name and telling me to stop laughing. Finally, on its own accord, my laughter died down.
"You are such an asshole," he said bitterly.
"Oh come on baby brother, you love me!" I said, biting my lower lip and thrusting my large breasts out. Aaron rolled his eyes.
"Come on Nicole, just listen," he said and I crossed my arms in front of my chest and stared at him. "Look, no one knows who you are here. I told Rachel that I knew a girl who was in college and said that I was going to bring her as well. So you can come. And me just being with someone else will piss her off. Trust me; I know how this girl thinks." He seemed so confident.
"What if you start to date her, she comes in the house and sees me smiling at her," I said, feeling creeped out by this whole idea.
"Well..." Aaron said, sort of looking away. Oh gross, he just wanted to fuck this girl once! He was asking me to help him set up a one night stand or something. She'd never see the inside of our house because she'd only see the back seat of his car.
"Of fucking nasty Aaron, you are a pig," I said. Well Nicole, you might say, don't you have a lot of one-night stands in college? Don't you have something of a reputation for being a slut? Well maybe I do, but that is beside the point.
"Get off it Nicole, I just need you to come to a basketball game with me," he said, pushing my cereal box away so he could look at me.
"What's in it for me," I asked and he rolled his eyes. I mean, I will consider doing anything to help my baby brother. For an exorbitant price. Plus something about this felt promising, I couldn't describe. There was a clusterfuck in the making.
"That fucking basketball game?!" Aaron said and I shook my head.
"You have to do better than that," I explained.
"Come on!" he said, "You can't possibility want to stay here tonight with mom and dad," he said. And I am sure if those two heard their little angel talking about them like that they'd be heartbroken. Actually, no, they would blame me. That was the way things worked in my house. Aaron was the son that always ever wanted. To my mother, he was a perfect gentleman and sweeter than sugar. To my father he was the sort of son men dreamed about: Athletic, handsome, and popular with the ladies.
I, on the other hand, was simply evidence that they hadn't gotten it right the first time. The first thing my mother said to me every time she me was "have you gained weight?" and my father rarely spoke to me unless he was explaining that I was disappointing him in some way. Although, I do remember a half dozen times when I was growing up when my dad said I was "pretty." So I often had this odd sort of urge to look sexy around my dad now. So that is super. (If you are thinking that maybe my Dad's attitude when I was growing up has something to do with that reputation at school I was telling you about, then you get a gold star dear reader. Turns out being smart enough to realize you have daddy issues doesn't change the fact that you have daddy issues. Go figure).
Anyway, the long and the short of it was that Aaron was right. I didn't want to spend the night at home with the disappointment brigade. But if I wanted more out of this than a basketball game, then I had to pretend like I was indifferent. I just sort of shrugged my shoulders and picked my cereal box.
"A hundred bucks," my brother said. Now, you might think it is odd that I am poor and my brother has money to go to basketball games and offer me $100.00 bribes. You'd be right, it is odd. But you see, my parents give my brother money. They claim it is because he helps around the house and gets good grades. I got decent grades and my contributions to the family are not numerous. But, as my parents have been explaining for years, in those two years I existed before my brother I was absolutely showed with gifts and affection. So they are evening things out. That made a little sense when I was five. But it is bat shit crazy now. Ah, mommy and daddy!
"Hmm..." I said, $100.00 was some good money. But I knew that if he started there he could go higher, I went for the jugular, "$500.00." I said and his mouth dropped open and he shook his head.
"No way," he said, "You're as big a moron as dad thinks you are if you think I will give you that." Oh yeah, my brother was very aware that he was the favorite. Luckily, pissing me off was a bad bargaining technique.
"Fuck you!" I said and got up to leave. He got up from his chair and ran after me.
"No, Nicole, I am sorry," he said. And Hell froze over. I turned around slowly.
"How much?" I asked coldly. I saw my brother thinking through his various finances. He knew I wasn't 100% serious about $500.00 but he also knew that if he low-balled me too badly I'd walk. I gave him time to think.
"Okay," he said at last, "how about $200.00? And I will wash your car before you go back to school." That took a lot. And my car was kind of disgusting right now. I thought it over.
"Deal," I said and extended my hand. My brother shook it warily. But then I grabbed hold of his hand and held it tight, "why do you want me to do this for you so bad? Why can't you ask some other girl to do this? Is this going to be like 'Carrie'? Am I getting a pig's blood bath tonight?" I saw Aaron's cheeks get bright red. This must good.
"Well..." he said slowly, "The main thing is that no one here knows you. And you're at college, so you'll kind of disappear. That's the main thing."
"What else?" I asked, suddenly knowing what he wanted me for. He was a weasely little perv.
"And..." he said, "My friends back in Harrisonville always said you were really hot okay?" he said. Oh what a scumbag! He needed to make a girl jealous so he asked his sister out on a date because she was the hottest chick he could think of to make this girl jealous! But I sort of beamed, lording over him that he'd had to call me hot. I guess I can't disagree. I am a little woman, around 5'2 and weigh about 120lbs. I have long blonde hair, green eyes, big breasts, curvy hips, a tight butt, and smooth legs. I am hot, thank for noticing that, pervy friends of my brother.
"Aren't you so sweet...brother," I said and made a kissy face.
"Fuck..." he was going to tell me to fuck off, then thought better of it, "-ing be cool. You're getting paid and everything. And I know you will hate this girl, your personalities will not mix. You'll be happy to piss her off." I always like making girl's jealous, stirring shit. So that sounded good.
"Meet you here at 6:00 p.m. then bro. It's a date," I said and I went upstairs to decide what horribly embarrassing thing I was going to wear to the game. I was feeling...slutty.
* * * * *
"Christ Nicole, what are you wearing?" my brother asked at 6:00 p.m. when I walked down the stairs towards the front door. My parents were already out to dinner, so they wouldn't see me in my get-up.
"You want her to be jealous? And you want her to put out?" I asked, "I look hot and I look like I put out. Taking me shows what you she has to do to get with you." I explained. And that was my story. I didn't tell Aaron that I was wearing a skin-tight red button-up shirt with no bra because I was trying to make him look silly. I didn't tell him I was wearing a black pleated skirt that barely covered my ass because I wanted to make him uncomfortable. And I didn't tell him I was wearing long stripped red and black leggings that went all the way up under my skirt because I wanted to look skanky. No it was whatever silly reason I said about the other girl. Plus, I had to wear team colors.
"I guess so," he said, looking me over. I have to admit, any time a man's (or woman's) eye goes over me, I love it. I like people taking notice of me. Even my awful little brother appraising my looks made my heart beat faster. "But you look like you put out for money." But I don't think I looked like a prostitute. I had that perfect look where girls say to each other 'guys don't like that, she is trying too hard,' but in reality everyone knows that guys like when a girl looks kind of trashy. I popped open one more button on my blouse so my cleavage was essentially pouring out and we headed for the door. I felt his eyes on my ass as I walked out. They should've been, my ass looked spectacular.
My brother drove, his little girlfriend's house wasn't very far away. As per usual, we didn't say much. We, without speaking, had decided to save up all of our sibling affection for when other people could actually see it. We arrived at her house, a big brick place with a pool in the back yard, a few minutes later. My brother, the gentleman, honked the horn. A couple of minutes later two girls walked out. I knew immediately which one was Rachel. She would be the one with shoulder length black hair, dark eyes, big breasts, and flawless build. Beth was tall (I mean like 5'11) and gawky, but with a pretty face and long blonde hair. In a few seconds they were sitting in the backseat.
"Hey Aaron!" Rachel said with an annoyingly cheerful little girl voice. I rolled my eyes. Aaron introduced me as his "friend Nicole" and I shook hands and all that shit. When I bent back from the front seat to look at them, I saw their eyes go straight to my tits. I smiled, enjoying their gazes. They couldn't really help but look, I sort of splayed them out there.
"So you're in college?" Beth asked.
"Yeah," I said with a little annoyance in my voice, and then turned and looked out the windshield. Not only did I want them to believe that I thought I was better than them, I kind of actually felt that way. So I crossed my arms and sort of ignored them. Aaron sensed I was being rude but I gave him a look that said 'I got this.' And off we went to the basketball game.
"That's cool," Rachel said, attempting to open me up. I turned to Aaron and whispered into his ear.
"I am saying something snide about Rachel to you right now, when I laugh, you laugh," and then I moved away from his ear and giggled a little. He laughed also and I had successfully set the tone for the evening.
We live just outside the city and we were going against the evening traffic so we made pretty good time. The girls in the back chattered away about school and other just mind-numbingly stupid shit. Anytime they addressed me I would answer back with a single word or just an annoyed grunt. They seemed to distrust me, which was good. On the other hand, I would often make comments to Aaron and would provide lengthy responses to anything that he said.
The plan, of course, worked perfectly. In a matter of minutes I had made it clear that the women in the car weren't there to talk to one another. Aaron's attention was what was important and we were all supposed to compete for it. And believe me, the stupid little high school girls fell right into that trap. Soon they were even talking over one another to get Aaron's attention. Aaron isn't particularly smart, but he saw that it was working. He tried to be withholding when it came to Rachel. He lavished most of his attention on me, but threw Beth a bone every once in a while. By the time we pulled into a parking garage in the city, Rachel looked completely at a loss. She was very cute; she wasn't used to playing third string.
We walked up into the arena. As we made our way to our seats, I noticed men turning to look at me. At college I'd come to realize that it can be a lot of fun to have men slobber of you. They are so easy and it makes you feel nice to be wanted. Especially wanted in a dirty, naughty kind of way. I smiled at my admirers (and judges) and then reached over and grabbed my brother's hand. He almost recoiled, then remembered why I was there and took it. I think he would've liked me more aloof, but he knew I had the upper hand. If I wanted to hold his hand, he had to let me because he couldn't let dearest Rachel see him push me away. I hadn't really thought about the power I had until that moment. And what could a good big sister do, but abuse it. While he was holding my hand, I leaned over and put my head on his shoulder.
A couple of things I should note right here. First, my brother is only like 5'7, so putting my head on his shoulder wasn't that difficult. He always had girls but I could never figure out why. He was heinously skinny and not particularly attractive (especially at times like then, when his hair was cut really short). Second, I don't want you to get the feeling that I enjoyed the act of holding my brother's hand or anything else. I like that it annoyed him, I like that it pissed off Rachel and Beth, and I like that when I tilted my head to the side it gave a nice view of my neckline drawing attention down to my breasts. It was just as repulsive as ever to actually touch him.
"Come on Nicole, don't be an asshole any more than you have to be," he whispered to my ear.
"I love you too," I said and he rolled his eyes. But we made our way to our seats and sat down. They weren't nosebleeds, but they weren't real great either. Aaron sat on the end next to the stairs, I sat next to him, then there was Rachel and finally Beth. I had decided to sit right between the lovebirds, to make it as uncomfortable as possible. And while Aaron was there, I held his hand. I could tell that Rachel was pissed, but I pretended I didn't notice.
About five minutes before the game started Aaron said he was going to the concession stand. I told him I wanted a diet coke. Beth and Rachel made orders as well. Then, turning the knife, Aaron asked for money from the other girls but gallantly implied he would pay for mine (I figured it was coming out of my $200.00, but I was at least happy the kid knew when to throw a punch). When Aaron was gone, I decided fuck with the girls a little more. I decided to talk to them.
"So..." I said, they had been talking together and I waited a minute until they turned and looked at me. They had these haughty looks on their faces like they thought I was a total slut. I'd seen that face before.
"What?" Beth said finally, it was clear that she was going to try to act as gatekeeper between me and Rachel.
"You girls looking forward to college next year?" I asked.
"Uh... yeah," Beth said. They weren't prepared for idle chitchat.
"Yeah, it is a good time. Where do you think you are going?" I asked. They told me their schools. They were both going to some snooty private college.
"Oh I go to State," I explained, "I always wanted to go to a party school you know?" I explained. I didn't tell them that I went to State because I was poor and it gives an excellent education for your dollar.
"Oh?" Beth asked, "Why is that?" She was as awkward at playing cool as she was at walking.
I licked my lips a little seductively, and then I leaned in towards them. I know my thick perfume wafted over them. "A big party school is great because you can be with a guy one night and then just avoid him forever. You rarely run in to the same people twice unless you want to." Both of them got wide-eyed.
"So what, you just like to get drunk and sleep around?" Rachel asked incredulously.
"Well," I said trying to sound a little hurt, "It isn't just like that. I mean, there are other good things too. The football team is good this year..." Hey reader, stop laughing. I am not as big a slut as I was pretending for these girls, so don't be a dick. Anyway, my two companions were quiet for awhile.
"How long have you and Aaron been dating?" Beth asked nonchalantly.
"Oh we've kind of been seeing each other since last summer," I explained and I saw the shock register on their faces. I pretended I suddenly realized what I'd just admitted to, "But oh, I mean it isn't like exclusive. He knows that." I explained. And suddenly, Rachel did not just have competition for Aaron's affection; she had an unworthy slut who cheated on Aaron. Now she had to save him from me. Seriously, this was so easy. At around that time, Aaron came back and gave me my Diet Coke.
"Thanks baby," I said and he nodded. He passed out food to the other girls and then there was tip-off. For the first quarter and a half, I just ignored everything else. This was part of my payment for agreeing to this stupidity, so I was going to win the game. And things looked pretty good for the home team. I could tell that Rachel and Beth were staring daggers at me and I liked it.
About mid-way through the second quarter there was a time-out. The television stations apparently went to commercial break. Suddenly, the PA boomed out.
"Alright fans," it said, "You know what time it is: Kiss-Cam time!" And then some hokey love music got played. Everyone looked up at the Jumbotron and saw a middle-aged couple suddenly notice that they were on the screen, giggle, then kiss. A few more people were shown and gave mild little pecks and blushed. Then, suddenly, I was staring up at the screen at...myself. I blinked twice and then realized that I was up on the Jumbotron, my hand gently cradled in Aaron's hand. I could hear the murmur of people around us and I looked over at Aaron. He looked petrified. I was his hated big sister, and usually when that happens both parties just sort of shake their heads and laugh. But that was not the situation here. If we didn't kiss, Rachel and Beth would catch on that something wasn't right. I had just been playing up what I slut I was.
Everything seemed to be moving in slow motion. But I could hear men around me complimenting my brother on how hot his girl was and saying he should kiss me. I heard someone else far off whistle. I felt my cheeks flush and my head went light. Everyone was looking at me; everyone was seeing how sexy I looked in my skanky outfit. I have to admit it was a turn-on. A big turn-on. And this was also an opportunity to piss off Rachel and Beth even further, an additional little turn-on.
I turned and grabbed my brother by the collar and pulled him in. He let out a little yip, but in a moment our lips were pressed together. He seemed paralyzed with fear and didn't move. I jammed my tongue between his lips, dipping into in his mouth. I heard the crowd reacting to my passion with laughs, hoots, and hollers. And it was so great. I could tell by the way I turned in the chair that my thigh was sort of exposed, pulled out from under the skirt. Everyone was looking at me. Boys wished they could leave their dates to be with me and girls were jealous of me. I felt my nipples getting hard and my pussy get wet as these thoughts ran through my mind.
And I felt my hand move to my brother's knee and suddenly I realized that I was actually kissing my awful little brother. And listen, I am as surprised you are by the fact that I didn't like, recoil in disgust. I still did not like him and he wasn't really kissing back. But there was something so devilish about kissing him. Something so naughty and dirty that I couldn't help but feel more aroused. I actually moaned a little, uncontrollably. I just thought how disgusted all these people would be if they knew. I thought about how disappointed my parents would be, how they'd think I was ruining their perfect little boy and my legs felt weak with desire. I had never been so turned on in my entire life.
Then things quieted down, I broke my kiss and then looked back at the hardwood. The game was back on. Rachel and Beth were staring at me like I was a complete harlot (they must've heard the moan) and my brother was sputtering at me like fish out of water. And then the team sunk a three so I jumped up in the air, clapping. And I felt every eye on me while my hard-nippled tits bounced up and down under my tight shirt.
* * * * *
"What the fuck was that?" Aaron hissed at me after the game as we walked back to the car. Rachel and Beth were walking a couple of steps behind us.
"What choice did I have? We had to kiss," I spewed back.
"Yeah, but..." he started.
"Just let it go."
"You seemed to really be into it," he said disgustedly, "Like you're as fucked up as you pretend to be." He said. The thing was, he was totally right. I'd just been fucking with him at first. Wearing the slutty clothes and holding his hand. But after the kiss, something changed. I still thought he was a little snake, but I liked that dirty, weird feeling I got when I kissed him. Hell, I often hooked up with guys I knew were bad news, this was only a difference in degree. My heart was still pounding from the sexual thrill of approaching that taboo. It was intense arousal mixed with shame and unease. I don't know why, that mix is intoxicating. Don't act like you don't understand, think about why decided to read this story. My body still ached for some kind of release. I wanted more of that feeling. Suddenly this little game with Rachel and Beth didn't feel like enough, it was sideline. I needed more, I needed that rush I got from the Kiss-Cam.
"Hey you little shit," I said into his ear, "I have you by the fucking balls. Anything I want to do you have to do or I swear to God I will tell these girls what is going on here. You're in too deep now. So wipe that look of disgust off your face. I don't want to hear any stupid moralizing; it makes you look like mom."
"I won't pay you!" he threatened.
"Do you need me to make the same threat twice in a row?" I asked. He seemed to get the picture. I didn't know what I wanted to do yet, but something strange was brewing. And I loved that this was killing him.
So we all got back in the car and headed back towards home. There wasn't a lot of talking. Aaron was too weirded out to keep trying to get in Rachel's pants and the two girls were still sort of pissed by how the evening had turned out. I was the only one who felt good about myself, so I'd have to push whatever came next. Finally we pulled up into Rachel's driveway and Aaron threw it into park, clearly relieved that it was over. It was around 11:00 and dark as pitch.
"Your parents' car is gone," I noted, seeing that the BMW that used to be parked under the basketball hoop was gone.
"They went to visit my grandmother, they were just waiting for my dad to get home from work," Rachel explained. A big empty mansion it would seem. Then I thought back to when we'd picked the girls up.
"Hey, let's go swimming!" I said, pointing towards the dark pool in the backyard. It was warm out, a swim would be nice. Everyone looked uncomfortable. Everyone but me wanted this evening to be over.
"Oh I don't know," Rachel said, "I really shouldn't have people over when my parents are out. The last time that happened..." I looked into the backseat and rolled my eyes.
"Let's do it Rach," I said, as though that were a nickname I called her or something, "It isn't a party it is just the four of us." I know they wanted to call me a slut and tell me that they didn't want me around. But they couldn't. One or both of them really liked Aaron, and the last thing they wanted to do was make him rally to my defense.
"Come on Nicole," Aaron said through gritted teeth, "It is late."
"We're adults," I explained and everyone seemed to understand a gauntlet had been thrown. The college girl was explaining to the high school kids how the grown-up world worked.
"You don't having bathing suits," Beth said and she became my hero. I had been waiting for someone to make that comment or objection and here was Beth with the answer to my prayers. Amen!
"We can skinny dip," I said maliciously. You could hear a pin drop...in outer space. They looked around shifty.
"I think that's..." Aaron started, I put my hand on the inside of his thigh and squeezed his leg.
"What do you think Little..." and I looked at him so he'd know I was about to say 'brother,' "Aaron?" His eyes got wide. The two girls in the back looked like they weren't buying it.
"I don't think it is a good idea, the privacy fence isn't very high," Rachel said. I thought it was cute the way she tried to make it seem like she WOULD do it, if only things were a little different.
"Well, I have a pool at my place Aaron, I guess we could just go back," I said in my silkiest voice. The message was clear: If you don't want me to take this boy home and fuck him then you better let us swim in your pool. The girls seemed to get it, even if Aaron, like a boy, had no idea what was going on. I don't know if Rachel really liked Aaron or had just been using him to go to a basketball game. But I was doing a better job of using him and she was jealous. She like him following her around like a puppy, and I had the potential to get in the way. Undeservedly even, because while she was using him, I was a slut. It was all sort of fun, to play the puppet-master here. I heard the two girls whispering in the back.
"No need to drive over to your place," Rachel said as though going to my place was similar to going to a gonorrhea factory, "We can all swim here. I just won't turn all the lights on" She said. I knew it would work. I'd laid the ground work all night for my brother to see Rachel naked. Now she had to strip and throw herself at him to protect him from ME! And this way I got to see her and Beth naked at the same time, which was always fun, right?
Beth and Rachel opened the back doors and headed towards the back yard. I opened my door as well, but Aaron grabbed my arm and held me in.
"What are you doing," he begged, realizing that nothing was in his control anymore.
"You're going to see three naked chicks, you're welcome," I said, then pulled away and walked towards the pool. In a few moments we were all there. Everyone was sort of standing around awkwardly, pretending like we all weren't about to do something stupid. Except for me, I was relishing that fact.
"Well you are the bold one," Beth said to me, "You go first." Beth, my savior again. I think maybe she thought she was calling my bluff or something, but I had never been more ready to be naked.
"Well Beth, if you really need to see tits, I am your woman," I said, she started to protest or something, but I was already unbuttoning my blouse. I threw open the blouse in an instant, exposing my C-cup breasts that look massive on my little frame. I quickly unzipped my skirt and shimmied it down my hips. I heard Rachel and Beth murmur when they noticed I wasn't wearing panties. I slipped the skirt off my foot and then kicked off my shoes. I decided to leave my legging on, they felt good against my thighs. I looked around and saw Beth, Rachel, and even Aaron staring at my naked body. I almost moaned because it felt so nice to have them drinking me in. I felt them glide over my hard pink nipples and my flat white tummy and my clean-shaven red pussy lips. Aaron was blushing like crazy but I could see that he liked what he saw. The perverted little glances he threw against my body made me feel so wrong and good at the same time. I put one hand on my hips, bent my knee, and raised my eyebrows.
"No one joining me?" I asked. Not that I wanted anyone else getting naked too quickly, I liked that they were all looking at me, jealous of my body, wanting to possess it. After another few moments of hesitation I said, "Fine," and quickly turned and dove into the water.
It was incredibly warm, especially given the time of year and I realized that Rachel's parents had a heated pool. The bitch. Anyway, the warm water felt so lovely on my naked skin and when I burst back out into the cool air I felt more alive than ever. I swam quickly to the shallower end of the pool and stood up, my nipples getter even harder in the cold. I could see them still looking at me.
"Water is great," I said, "jump in." It seemed that they were out of stalling time. Slowly the other three started to disrobe. They seemed a little nervous, but they did it. Beth was the first to get completely naked. She looked less awkward without clothes, her long body appearing more lithe than gawky. Her breast were small but they looked good paired with her long legs. Her pussy was well-kempt but not shaved. Next Rachel was naked. Her body was less impressive than I was hoping for. Her breasts were nice and round but her hips looked better when she was wearing jeans and her stomach was a little thick. But her pussy looked cute, her pubic hair shaved into a landing strip. The two girls gave furtive glances at one another, and then jumped into the pool. Finally, there was Aaron, he got down to his boxer shorts and then stopped. He sort of had his hands over his crotch, covering his cock.
"Come on you pussy!" I yelled, "Everyone else is naked."
"Nicole!" he whined. The other two girls giggled and yelled encouragement to him as well. They were swimming around the pool, keeping just their heads out of the water to obscure their naked bodies. But they appeared to be more comfortable now. They thought they'd gotten through the worst of it, maybe proved something to me. And we were all a little horny-drunk, you know what I mean.
"We all know you have a hard-on," I yelled, "You aren't fooling anyone!" The two other girls laughed and then whispered something to one another. Aaron gave me one last pleading look and then pulled down his boxers. I have to admit, Aaron had a pretty nice cock. It wasn't the biggest I'd ever seen, but it was pretty substantial. It wasn't crooked or anything weird like I'd expected. And I had been right; it was hard enough to cut glass. The girls giggled and pointed at him, he blushed and jumped into the water.
Then we are all naked in the swimming pool. For a while, I just let that sink in. We sort of puttered around in the water doing what you'd normally do while swimming. But we were also eyeing one another. I felt eyes on my breasts, on my ass, and my pussy. Sometimes it was my brother's eyes and it made me feel so naughty I had to fight not to put my hand between my legs. This was so much better than kissing girls at drunken frat parties, this was so totally exposed. And it was so wrong, so bad. Sexy.
We'd been swimming about half an hour when I noticed I didn't see Aaron in the middle of the pool. I saw Beth, her breasts now out of the water and her large nipples hard in the cool night air. I saw Rachel, standing close to Beth, running her hand through her wet hair and exposing her own breasts. They looked more comfortable now, no longer as self-conscious about their bodies.
I looked around and saw Aaron standing with his back against the side of the pool near the low-end. He was looking at the three of us in the pool with his arms crossed in front of his chest and he was smiling. I hadn't really intended to do him a favor, I wasn't trying to give him a show. I decided to teach him a lesson, although I really didn't have any idea what I was going to do next. I wasn't thinking right now. I can't honestly explain my motivations. I was just acting, chasing that feeling I got from the Kiss-Cam. I swam over so I standing right in front of him. He consciously chose not to look at my breasts, but I could see him straining with his will.
"This is awesome Nicole," he said, "I didn't know if you knew what you were doing, but this is amazing. I never thought I'd see both of them naked." He looked past me, at the girl playing and giggling in the pool. Suddenly, I felt a huge wave of jealously. Fuck, I wanted his attention for me even if he was an asshole. I needed to set things straight.
"What about me there lover-boy?" I asked and he looked at me, his eyebrows knotted.
"What?" he asked
"Don't I look sexy?" I asked and I ran my index finger down my neck, across my chest, and the flicked my own nipple. I bit my lower lip and looked up at Aaron.
"Cut it out?" he said quietly, hoping the girls wouldn't notice us, "why are you being such a perv?" he asked. I decided to play like I didn't notice.
"Come on baby, it's our date, they are just tagging along," I said and then I leaned into my brother. I felt his hard cock press against my leg and my breasts pushed into his chest. He squirmed a little, but couldn't help but look down to where my nipples were pressing against his chest. He moved a little and his cock rubbed hard against my leg. Aaron moaned but his face got all red.
"Nicole you're such a fucking freak," he hissed quietly. But it was loud enough for the girl to hear something and they turned and looked at us. I took that as an opportunity and leaned in and kissed my brother deeply. He was shocked, but he didn't fight me, in fact he pressed his tongue into my mouth. I reached down under the water, and let my hand slip around and grabbed his balls. I broke the kiss and leaned into his ear.
"Who's the perv?" I asked in a breathy voice. "Shit, Nicole you'll ruin everything. What would mom and dad say about this? What is wrong with you? I am out of here" he panted. The girls were still watching us. He pushed me away a little bit. He reached behind his back and put his hands on the side of the pool and hefted himself up. His body slide up against mine and I felt his cock slide up my leg and across my stomach. Then, he was sitting on the side of the pool and I was standing between his legs, his cock right in my face.
I don't know what I was thinking, but my body was completely in control now. My need to do something so bad, to ruin my little brother, was so strong. I was fucked up, there was no doubt. But I knew that erection was from me. Even if my parents would never know, I would no that this little shit was no more perfect than I was. It wasn't so much a decision as an instinct. Before Aaron could swing his legs out of the pool, I dropped my arms down onto his thighs. He started to protest, but I was too fast. I closed my eyes and opened my mouth. In an instant my brother's cock was in my mouth, hard and throbbing.
"Oh fuck!" Aaron said, feeling my tongue swirl around on the firm, smooth tip of his cock. It tasted like chlorine, but still had that musky flavor of cock that I love. He stopped trying to push himself up. Once you're giving a boy a blowjob, you are kind of in command. I smiled around his dick, and then slid it deeper into my mouth, feeling the urethra with my tongue.
"Holy shit!" I heard one of the girls, I think it was Rachel say. She was laughing a little bit but I heard them swim a little closer and then stop. To watch. Not only was I giving my little brother a blowjob, but two people were watching! It was so perfect, so disgusting. I loved every second of it. I think I loved most that while they were kind of grossed out and turned on as they watched me now and if they knew I was Aaron's sister they would go absolutely insane. They knew they were watching something dirty, but they had no idea how dirty it was.
I felt my chin press into my brother's balls, his cock was completely inside of my throat now. Sort of swallowed, letting the muscles in my throat constrict around his cock. It also made me gag a little bit. I shook my head a little, really letting Aaron feel the inside of my throat. I looked up and saw his eyes closed and his head tilted back. Whatever desire he had to get away from me was completely gone now. My breasts were now pushed against the side of the pool and as I started to bob my head up and down on my brother's cock, my nipples rubbed deliciously against the pool tiles. I moaned around Aaron's cock.
"Are they seriously doing this?" I heard Beth whisper and I felt so alive. I kept sucking his dick, but I reached up now with one of my hands and gently massaged his balls at the same time. They felt so hot and full, I wanted his salty cum in my mouth. I love sperm, I would give blowjobs all day everyday just to get that thick, creamy liquid in my mouth. I squeezed his balls a little, making him jump, but I kept my tongue swirling around his cock.
"Oh Jesus!" I heard Aaron grunt. His hands suddenly grabbed my head and I felt his body go taut. He let out a deep groan and then he released my head and his whole body went limp. At the same time, big wet globs of his sperm poured into my mouth. It big, hot spurts my brother's cum shot into my mouth, coating my tongue and even shooting down my throat. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and let the last few big spurts splash against my face while I swished the juice in my mouth around, making it frothy and tasty.
Then, just when he was finished, I turned around quickly and looked at Beth and Rachel. Their faces registered absolute shock. They saw my long, wet blonde hair in my face, my green eyes shining, and big globs of my brother's white sperm dripping from my nose and chin into the pool. They didn't say anything. They were both just standing in the pool, right next to one other, with their mouth's dropped open.
"Goddamn it Nicole, what the fuck is wrong with you?" Aaron screamed. I turned quickly, he was standing out of the pool now, his face flushed. His cock was still hard.
"I..." I started to say something snide, but he reached down into the pool and grabbed me under my armpit and yanked me harshly out of the water. I came up with a splash and landed on my knees on the hard concrete. My wet leggings tore a little as I landed. I was more than a little turned on by how roughly he'd yanked me out of the pool. I looked up and him, he seemed so pissed, I kind of liked it. I'd really gotten to him, wrecked his whole image of himself. Now I had the live-wire version of Aaron, it was better. And he was about to do something so bad, that mommy could never forgive him.
"You are a fucking whore!" he yelled, "Why would you do that? And why in front of people?" he said, pointing to Rachel and Beth, who were standing awkwardly in the pool, watching us.
"You put that hard cock in my face and acted like you didn't want me to suck it," I said and he looked mortified. And I realized that he had kind of wanted it. He hadn't admitted it to himself intellectually, but in his animal brain he wanted his sister's sexy mouth. And I bet he wanted her pussy too.
"We need to leave," he said now.
"You fucking pussy," I yelled back at him, "you take me out and you flirt with these little sluts in front of me, and then when I try to show you how important you are to me, you call me a whore!" I said. Beth and Rachel gasped.
"No..." Rachel said, trying to extricate herself from this whole event. She was still in shock, but she was afraid to be involved.
"Shut up you fucking skank," I yelled out to her and she recoiled. And that was just the button I needed to push.
"Fine Nicole, you want to ruin everything? You want to be a whore, then I will make you a whore," Aaron said. His voice was almost hysterical and he was clearly pushed to the edge. I'd pushed him pretty hard today, provoking him. Now he was going to push back. He shoved me now and I rolled over so I was on my hands and knees. I was on the edge of the pool facing out towards Beth and Rachel. I tried to move, but suddenly Aaron's hands were hard on my hips holding me in place. His fingers dug into my ass and I moaned a little. It actually hurt. It felt amazing. I heard him muttering something, but I looked behind me and his eyes were burning into my back.
He wasn't gentle and he didn't pussy-foot around. He was pissed and he was going to take it out on me. But I wanted it so bad. All his attention in the world was focused on me. It didn't matter that it was bad, it was mine. I felt the tip of Aaron's still hard cock against my pussy. I tried to scoot back into it, I wanted it. Aaron didn't want me to want it. His hand came down hard on my ass with an audible crack. I screamed and arched my back. In that same instance, Aaron shoved his hard cock into my pussy. I felt weak and almost lurched forward into the pool, but I held into the edge, pushing my ass back into my brother, letting his cock push harder into my body.
Aaron pulled his cock out of my body and the slammed it back in. He was already panting hard, but I couldn't believe how good it felt. I knew from experience that angry sex feels the best, but this was a different stratosphere, with all of the shame and hate mixed in. It was divine. Aaron kept pulling his cock out and slamming it back into me. I felt my entire insides turn to jelly. I moaned and thrashed like a porno-movie whore, but for the first time in my life I really felt it, I needed to moan and to thrash it was too intense.
Hearing me moan in pleasure, Aaron must've wanted to do something more. With one of his free hands, he put his thumb against my asshole. I screamed a little, it felt so good. My body was still wet from the pool and Aaron shoved his thumb into my ass. I sort of wobbled, but kept from falling over. The pain was intense, but it just added to the pleasure from his cock pounding into me. He kept moving his thumb in my ass, spreading me out as he slammed his cock in and out of me.
The air was cold and steam rose off of our bodies while we fucked, my knees scraped on the concrete around the pool. There were harsh slapping sounds as my breasts flopped against my stomach and my brother's balls slapped against my dripping wet pussy. I couldn't stop screaming.
All the while, I was staring at Rachel and Beth. They were even more stunned than before. They were standing in the middle of the pool, holding hands, and watching as my brother plowed me remorselessly. Rachel's mouth was dropped open and Beth was shaking her head in disbelief. Their shock was so perfect; it was exactly what I needed to make this sex the best of my life. I mean you couldn't have asked for more, I was wrecking my brother's chances to fuck either of these girls, I would be completely disappointing my parents, I was having sex for an audience, I was doing something so shameful and awful that God couldn't ever forgive me. That is what makes sex great and I was getting all of it at once! Oh I am hot just writing about this!
"I can still see his cum on her face," I heard Beth whisper.
"This is the fucking craziest thing I've ever seen! Is this seriously happening? Is a slut getting fucked really hard on my pool?" Rachel replied in a daze.
For me, that was the absolute icing on the cake. I couldn't have asked for anything more. My brother threw his cock into me again as they spoke and it sent me over the edge. My hands shook on the edge of the pool, and my voice rang out as I screamed in pleasure. The orgasm built in my pussy and then spread out in waves all over my body. My mind stopped working and every muscle in my body contracted and loosened, and then, suddenly I experienced peace like I'd never felt before. It was heavenly. I grunted and then felt my pussy tighten around my brother' cock.
Now it was his turn to groan. He shoved his cock one more time, hard into my pussy (almost knocking me in the pool again). I felt his fingers sink even deeper into my flesh and he grunted again. His body felt hard against mine and then I felt the hot warmth of his cum filling my pussy. It wasn't as much as the first time, but still a surprising amount of hot cream poured into my pussy, filling me up with my brother' seed. Aaron, panting, dropped off behind me, his fingering plopping out of my asshole, and landed in the grass panting. His sexual desire and his rage was completely out of him, he'd fucked it into me. I, also, had never felt more content in my life.
"Holy shit that was insane" Beth said and then quickly made her way to the ladder. They suddenly seemed to realize what they were doing and looked scared. Rachel followed her and soon they were both out of the pool. They both took a quick look at Aaron and then ran back into the house. The spell had been broken, we were all confused now.
After a few minutes, Aaron sat up, "What the Hell just happened?" he asked in a dazed voice.
"You owe me $200.00," I explained and he looked at me like I had three heads. Or maybe like I'd just fucked my brother. Looks can be tough to read.
"How do you figure that?"
"I went the game, and little brother, I helped you get laid," I said and leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
"There is something seriously wrong with you," he said, but he didn't say he wasn't going to pay me.
"I know," I said, "But for once in my life, everything happened the way I wanted." And I laid out naked in the grass, and felt his eyes still roaming my body. I felt him watch as his own cum seeped out of my pussy and rolled down the crack of my ass. Confused, angry, but still aroused. And now finally the tables had turned. I had something that he wanted but could never have again: My body.
The End
Everyone, thank you so much for reading my story. Please, please, please comment. This story was a little different than my normal tone, so let me know what you think. And read my other stories.