This is a follow up to "My exhibitionist wife."
*
It had been a few months since my wife Karen and I had played a game of poker that resulted in her half naked in front of my friends Ted and Jerry.
I was supportive of this and had encouraged Karen's new interest in exhibitionism but ever since the poker game not much had happened except for her dressing more seductively when we went out.
Karen is an incredible tease and we both talked about the possibility of taking things to another level, such as her being completely naked with a group of guys or perhaps more.
We also talked about how something like that could get out of control once it got started. I told Karen that she should just go with the moment and I wouldn't hold anything against her.
It really turned me on to have other guys checking her out and the idea of other men pleasing her was a major turn on for me, although I didn't want to pressure her into doing anything she wasn't ready for.
Some time passed and I started to think it would never happen, until Karen suddenly suggested I invited two friends of mine over on a Saturday afternoon, I figured the time had come.
I also knew that each of them would immediately drop whatever they were doing to have a chance at seeing Karen in one of her skimpy bikinis, half naked, or perhaps more.
When Jerry and Ted arrived they immediately asked if Karen was around and were happy when I told them she would be joining us. When Karen stepped outside she was wearing a new and even smaller bikini than before. I could tell the guys were running their eyes over her body and enjoying the view as she approached, her lovely tits shaking with each step.
Karen then paraded around in front of us, asking the guys what they thought of her new bikini. They could barely speak. She then got closer to us and asked what the guys thought of her tan. Karen told the guys that she had been lying out naked all summer and to prove this she pulled aside part of her bikini top.
"See, no tan lines," Karen said proudly.
She then turned around and pulled down her bikini bottom a bit to show part of her ass, to prove there wasn't a tan line there either. My dick was getting hard and no doubt my friends were also turned on.
Karen pulled a lounge chair so it was close and facing us. She undid the back of her bikini top and laid face down in the chair. My friend's eyes never left her body.
"Honey if you're worried about tan lines, you could just lose the suit altogether," I said. "I mean, that bikini doesn't hide much anyway. I don't think the guys would mind. Besides, they've already seen your tits."
Karen said she didn't think my friends could handle it.
"What do you guys think?" Karen asked. "Should I go naked?"
My friends stammered and Jerry said that he wouldn't have a problem with it. Ted agreed.
Karen pretended to think it over before asking if the guys would be sure to keep quiet about it, which the guys quickly agreed to. She stood up and approached us. The bikini top hung loosely across her chest.
"Look, I don't want any tan lines but if I'm going to be naked I think you guys should reciprocate," Karen said. "Keep in mind it's only about getting a tan, that's all, so don't get any ideas."
She also demanded that for the rest of the day she was in charge and we would all have to obey her commands. My formerly shy wife was discovering a new side of herself and I liked the results.
The guys looked at me and I realized I had to make the first move. I dropped my suit and let my semi-hard dick spring into view. The other guys did the same. Karen walked over to us and untied the rest of her bikini top, holding it against her chest. She was obviously happy to see the kind of effect she was having on us as each one of us guys was at least half-mast.
"You're sure you won't tell anyone?" Karen asked.
The guys assured her that they wouldn't so Karen stood before us and let her bikini top fall to the ground. The guys gasped and marveled at the view. Karen then untied her bottoms and stood there completely naked. She stood there for a moment, enjoying the guys' reactions as much as they enjoyed seeing her.
Karen looked us over closely, clearly enjoying the effect she was having on us. I was dying to fuck her, and I imagined my friends were as well. At her suggestion, we all went for a swim to cool things down a bit and the water certainly eased the strain between my legs.
When Karen got out of the pool to go inside, all of our eyes followed her. I met her as she was coming out of the bathroom, grabbed her and started kissing her passionately. She grabbed my dick and started stroking me as I played with her breasts. I tried to get her into a quickie or at least suck me off, but Karen had other ideas.
"That wouldn't be fair to your friends Mark," Karen said. "You wanted me naked, well here I am. Your dick will just have to wait."
With that, she went back out to the pool. I followed, embarrassed at my now raging hardon. It didn't help that Karen's ass was shaking along in front of me. I quickly jumped into the pool.
All of us guys stayed in the pool while Karen sat down on the edge of the pool, spreading her legs enough to give all of us a good view of her pussy. She was driving us crazy and knew it as all of our eyes were glued on her.
Karen's attempts to make conversation with us proved largely unsuccessful as there was only one thing on our minds. Karen relocated to a chair so she could lie down and insisted that us guys join her. As we got out of the water our ardor had subsided but not entirely.
"Man, are you guys are still sporting wood?" Karen said. "Come here and let me have a look at you."
We gathered around her and she reached out and grabbed Jerry's massive dick. He let out a gasp as Karen handled his manhood. She then did the same to all of us, stroking our dicks and checking out our equipment.
As much as I enjoyed her finally giving me some attention it was also a thrill to watch her doing this to the other guys.
Karen then decided we should play Marco Polo. We all got into the pool and each of us guys put on a blindfold. We would each try to grab Karen as she swam and when we succeeded she would give our dicks a few strokes before we let her go.
At one point I peeked from my blindfold to see Karen stroking Jerry's dick as he played with her breasts. I knew exactly where this was heading and it turned me on even more.
We played for some time with Karen stroking us and keeping us on the edge. At one point I grabbed Karen in the shallow end and I tried to enter her from behind but she said no. I was really getting frustrated and no doubt the other guys were too.
Karen then had all three of us guys sit on the edge of the pool at the shallow end. She went down the line, stroking us and playing with our dicks, before asking if we wanted to come. Obviously, we said yes.
"Well don't let me stop you, you've all got hands right?" Karen asked.
The guys looked at me, not knowing what to do.
"Oh come on honey," I pleaded. "You got us revved up like this."
"I never said I'd fuck you guys," Karen said. "If you want to get off it's up to you."
Realizing we had no choice I started stroking myself. At Karen's insistence we went one a time as she stood there in the water, caressing her breasts and her pussy as she watched.
My friends and I were so worked up it didn't take too long for any of us to come. We cleaned ourselves off in the pool, then Karen had us dry off and go inside.
Karen sat in a chair and had us stand in front of her while she stroked our dicks. She then took each one of us into her mouth and nursed our dicks back to their full hardness. Then Karen asked if we all wanted to fuck her.
The guys looked at me but I stated the obvious that we all wanted to screw her brains out. Karen then informed us that she had three conditions: one, she was still in charge and we would obey her commands; two, we were to tell no one about what transpired that day and three, she was throwing a bachelorette party next weekend and she wanted us to work the party. That last one surprised me.
Jerry asked what she meant by "work" the party.
"You'll serve the drinks, you'll serve the food and you'll do exactly as you're told," Karen said.
I asked what we would be wearing.
"You'll wear whatever I tell you to wear, and nothing more," Karen replied as she continued stroking our dicks. "Look, whatever happens, I promise we'll be nice. Don't you trust me honey?"
She continued working our dicks with her hands and mouth.
"Fuck it, I don't care," Jerry said.
Karen asked if this meant that he agreed.
"Yes dammit, just get me off," Jerry pleaded.
"So you'll do as I say? You'll work the party? You'll do exactly as you're told?" Karen asked.
"Anything, just make me come," Jerry said.
Karen then took Jerry's dick deep into her mouth and he was in heaven. She looked at Ted and me for a response and we agreed as well. Karen then led us to the bedroom and got out a camera. The guys protested, but Karen said this would be her "insurance policy" that we would keep our end of the bargain.
As horny as we were, each of guys let her take a picture of us, totally naked, with our dicks at full attention. Karen then lay down on the bed with her legs spread.
"The first thing we're going to find out is which one of my slaves eats the best pussy," Karen said.
Now she was using the word slaves but none of us guys questioned it, we were too damn horny. One by one we took our place between her legs, rotating as Karen demanded.
After Ted took my place between her legs, I offered my dick to Karen and I was relieved when she took it into her mouth. Her moaning felt amazing against my dick and it wasn't long before I shot my load down her throat.
She then straddled Ted's face and was soon having a tremendous orgasm.
Jerry then took her from behind while she sucked on Ted's dick and I got the lovely sight of Karen's breasts swaying as they fucked. I took a few pictures, figuring she wouldn't mind. After Jerry came, Ted fucked Karen from behind and I knelt in front of her so she could revive me with her mouth.
After Ted came, Karen had me fuck her so she could suck on Jerry's dick and revive him as well. By the time Jerry came inside her a second time we were all pretty spent.
We then realized it was early evening and we were all starved. I fired up the grill and we got cleaned and dressed for dinner.
As we were eating, Jerry looked at everyone and asked, "wait, what is it we agreed to do?"
Karen just looked at us and laughed, saying we would find out in a week.
When Karen and I went to bed that night, she was a little nervous that she had taken things too far. I assured her that I was not only fine with what had happened, I probably enjoyed it as much as she did. She then revived my dick with her mouth and mounted me for a nice slow fuck before we fell asleep.
To be continued...