This chapters continues from where I left off.
Finale
I found a video where my roommate and his friend raped me. Before I could do anything about it, my roommate was back.
"Well, well, well, what do we have here?" he said while grinning from ear to ear.
"You! How could you do this to me?!" I shouted angrily at him, "I will make you pay for this! You will rot in jail for the rest of your life!"
"Oh, I am sure you won't do that."
I stared at him in disbelief. Is this guy insane?
"What the hell are you talking about?"
"I am talking about the fact that you voluntarily chose to stay with a male stranger. I am talking about the fact that you got yourself drunk even though you're living with a stranger. What do you think people would say about that? They'll say that you asked for it. Besides, do you even know how many rape cases actually lead to prosecution? I will walk free."
"I have all these videos as evidence! They can and they will prosecute you!"
"Oh? Then I guess I'll just have to stop you."
He lunged forward and kicked me in the solar plexus. Before I knew it, I was doubled over on the floor. My eyes welled up with tears as I struggled to breathe, the pain was unbearable.
As I lay on the floor in pain, he got behind me and started to choke me. The world grew dimmer and then went black. I passed out.
I heard people talking as I regained consciousness. I was naked and lying on my bed. I sat up and looked around. There were several naked men wearing masks, and they were drinking and chatting. It looked like they were having a party. For some reason, the strange spectacle did not surprise me. Just then, one of them noticed me and motioned to a familiar-looking guy next to him. He stood up and walked towards me.
"How do you feel?" he asked as he approached.
"Ugh... My brain feels a little fuzzy. Where am I? And who are you?"
Without warning, his hand dove for my crotch and skillfully massaged my vagina. Intense pleasure enveloped me as I clung to him, moaning in ecstasy.
"Hey, the drug is working," He smirked and said to the others.
The others began to crowd around us. One of them was holding a camera and was pointing it at me. Their hands wandered around my body, furiously groping my sexual organs. Their hands furiously assaulted me as I struggled to escape. The pleasure was slowly driving me insane. Just then, one of them spoke up.
"Hey, let me go first."
It was an obese man with a paunch. He pushed himself forward. Grabbing his penis, he shoved it at my face.
"Suck it, baby doll."
The others started to protest but he shouted back at them.
"Shut up! I was the one who provided the GHB, remember? Now back off and let me go first."
I had no idea what he was talking about but I was grateful that I was free from their groping hands. I obediently sucked his penis. It was rather small and smelled like cheese.
"That's right. Suck my cock, you whore. That's all you're good for," He taunted me as I sucked his penis.
Feeling slightly peeved, I decided to quickly finish him off. Using my right hand, I caressed his scrotum while I eagerly sucked his penis. Within moments, he was reaching his limit.
"Ohhhh..." He started to moan.
I wanted to finish him off with a handjob but he had other plans. Before I could react, he grabbed my head and forced me to continue the fellatio. I struggled to no avail. He ejaculated into my mouth. The semen filled my mouth and I had no choice but to swallow it. I gasped for breath when he finally released me.
As I struggled to catch my breath, a shadow fell over me. I looked up and saw a big black penis pointing at my face. The owner of the penis smiled as I stared at it. I grabbed the penis and started to work on it. Thankfully, while it was quite large, the size was still manageable for me. I greedily sucked on the glan while I stroked the shaft. During this time, the others had returned to groping my body. This time, however, it was much more tolerable.
"Lie down, I will return the favour," He suddenly said.
I obediently lay on the bed and spread my legs. He crouched down and was licking my labia while gently fondling it. Two of the guys guided my hands to their penis and used them to pleasure themselves. The rest of them were furiously stroking their penis.
I could tell that he was really experienced. It felt really good and I was getting wet really quickly. He placed my legs on his shoulders and pushed his penis into me. Even with his size, I was so moist that he was able to enter me easily. I moaned loudly as his penis filled up my vagina. I was really getting into it as his penis moved around in my vagina.
I wrapped my arms and legs around him and he picked me up from the bed and held me. We kissed passionately as I bounced up and down his penis. With every movement, my nipples brushed against his body and gave me intense sensations. I sucked his ear lobes as he pounded me. His breathe was getting heavier and I knew that he was about to climax. I locked my legs around him so that he couldn't pull out and he ejaculated inside of me. His semen filled me up and we stayed in that position for some time as he catch his breathe.
Finally, he let me down on the bed and we shared one last passionate kiss.
"Shit, girl." He gasped as he tried to catch his breathe. "What if you get pregnant?"
"Don't worry, I am on pills. The rest of you can cum inside of me too," I smiled at them.
I lied. In truth, my mind at that time was a mess and I couldn't remember if I was on contraceptive pills. I was really horny and I just wanted him to cum inside of me.
The rest of them followed what I said and came inside of me. Eventually, I got a little worried about getting pregnant and told them to use my anus too. I had sex with all of them a couple of times, including the cameraman.
After a few hours, we took a break when the camera's battery went out. While we waited for the camera to recharge, they gave me some salty-tasting medication and I went to sleep for a while. After which, we continued for a few more hours. I passed out a couple of times during the sex and woke up to find a different guy having sex with me. At first, I wasn't really sure, but after a while, I realized that some of the guys that were here at the start had left and others had taken their place. Eventually, they left me alone and I fell asleep.
The next day, I woke up with a huge headache and no memory of the previous day. My body ached all over, especially my vagina. The room smelled strongly of sex. I struggled to get up and was shocked to discover that I was naked. I looked around and realized that my roommate was smiling at me. I frantically tried to cover myself up but it dawned on me that he has already seen it all.
I pushed aside the blanket and stood up proudly. I strode towards him, my breasts bounced with every step. I wanted to hit him but I knew that I had already lost. Placing my hands on my hips, I stared at him. I took a deep breathe.
"How many?" I asked.
"What do you mean?" He replied, feigning ignorance.
"How many guys raped me!" I almost shouted at him, barely able to control my voice.
"Rape? I wouldn't call it rape. You gladly went ahead and fucked them. Even if you were under the influence of drugs, you were so willing that even I was surprised!"
"I..." I was so shocked that no words could come out of my mouth.
"As for the number of guys... There were 87 of them," He said with a nasty grin.
Tears welled up as I struggled to remain calm. Soon, the entire campus would learn that I had sex with 87 guys at once. I was going to be shamed and expelled.
"Don't worry. He said as he placed his hands on my shoulders.
Except for a couple of them, most of them thought that you were a willing slut that wanted to be fucked. So, when I told them that you were drugged and they were rapists, they almost wet their pants! I told them that you wouldn't remember anything because of the drugs but they have to stay quiet if they don't want to be arrested. They wouldn't dare to brag to anyone about yesterday."
I stared at him at suspiciously with a look of disbelief. He smirked at my expression.
"Of course, there's a reason why I helped you. You see, I made a couple of videos yesterday. They featured a certain someone who was happily having sex with a group of masked men... All that someone needs to do is to get along with me and the video will be gone. Do you get what I am saying?"
Mustering all the strength within me, I smiled at him and replied, "Yes, master. I will do whatever you tell me to."
"Oh? Anything, you said?"
"Yes, master," I replied as enthusiastically as I could.
Turn around and place your hands on the wall.
Without any hesitation, I obeyed his orders and turned around. I glanced behind me expectantly, knowing what would come next. He was standing behind of me, rubbing lubricant on his penis out. I felt it as he placed his penis at my vagina entrance.
"I am recording this right now. I will delete the gangbang video, but in return, I will use this video to blackmail you. This will be our contract and proof of my ownership over you. Do you accept this?"
"Yes."
His penis entered me and I moaned unintentionally. It seems that even though my mind has forgotten yesterday's events, my body hasn't. I started to recall some of the events from yesterday, particular the fact that I enjoyed having sex with him. His every thrust caused me to moan loudly and I tried to silence myself by covering my mouth.
"It's okay. Most of our neighbours fucked you yesterday. You don't have to worry about disturbing them," He chuckled as he observed my actions.
I removed my hand from my mouth and allowed myself to moan, louder than ever. I was getting fucked by my rapist and I was enjoying every second of it. I looked to the right and finally noticed that a crowd had formed. Some of them had their phones out and were filming us. I wanted to get away but my roommate held on to me and continued fucking me as if nothing was happening. I quickly realize that they were the ones who were fucking me yesterday and got incredibly turned on.
After a few more thrusts, he pushed me onto the bed and placed the pillow under my pelvis. With the legs spread open, he got on top of me and started to fuck me in that position. Within a few minutes, he came into me. Before I could get up, another guy climbed onto me and started fucking me in that same position.
I spent the rest of the day having sex with the guys in our dormitory. They all had sex with me yesterday, so I did not care any more. I found out later that some of them uploaded the videos onto internet but they were quickly removed thanks to my roommate. A couple of strangers approached me for sex in exchange for their silence and I had sex with them, while my roommate secretly filmed us. He threatened them with the videos if he ever saw them again. They never appeareed in front of me again.
Since then, I was their sex slave and was at their every beck and call. I was fed drugs to ensure my compliance, although they probably didn't need to do that. Thankfully, they gave me birth control pills to make sure that I didn't get pregnant. Miraculously, I was able to graduate even though my mind wasn't all there. After graduation, they continued to use me for many years. Some of them stopped participating after getting married.
Eventually, my roommate proposed to me and I accepted, surprising even myself.. They called this the stockholm syndrome but I didn't care. He would install cameras within our house and stream it over the internet. He would also occasionally drug me and let some random stranger rape me while he watches. Just the other day, I found out that he lied to me about deleting the gangbang video and had uploaded it on the internet. Strangely, I was not even bothered by it.
Sometimes, I wonder how my life would have turned out if I hadn't met him. I guess it probably wouldn't have turn out to be so interesting.