I watched from my hiding space in the closet of the hotel room as Shanny and her two men arrived in the room. Ray went for ice right away as Dirk helped Shanny with her coat, then went to pull off her shirt.
"Slow down a little Dirk, let me do it for you." she whispered, molding her body to his for a soulful kiss. "You guys want me to dance for you as I take off my clothes, so let's wait for Ray to get back." I saw her look my way and wink, scaring me for a second that she could actually see me.
She sent him off to find a good radio station as she moved two straight back chairs to the end of the bed. Dirk had found a blues station and Shanny slowly swayed to the music.
She pointed to the chairs and told him that's where her audience would sit. He laughed and went to the curtains and opened them fully, showing the other two wings of the hotel's windows now looking into their room.
"Now you have an audience." he said. Shanny could feel a shiver move through her as she realized how many people might enjoy her show tonight, her nipples hardening with the thought.
Ray returned with ice and they quickly opened a bottle of champagne, the men sitting down impatiently waiting for Shanny to start. She moved to them and knelt to take off their shoes and socks, explaining she could think of no sexy way to do that when she was dancing. Dirk had adjusted the lighting so the men were in the dark but the foot of the bed was brightly lit, right where Shanny was to perform. She heard the first few notes of a song she liked and quickly tilted back her glass of champagne and started to move sensuously to the beat.
Shanny moved in front of Ray, building her arousal by feeding on the lust in his eyes as they moved over her body. Her sweater was undone but she used it as a prop, slowly lowering it down her back, looking at him over her shoulder, then turning to squeeze her breasts together as his dark eyes watched her every move. By the end of the song she had flung her sweater to the side of the bed. She moved in front of Dirk and teased him the same way as she removed her skirt, turning her bottom towards him as she shimmied it down, then turning to let him enjoy the tiny damp silk patch just covering her sex.
She danced between the two of them in her bra and g-string, thigh high stockings and tall red pumps, warning them to keep their hands by their sides, moving back in front of Ray, spreading his legs with hers as she danced close to him, her fingers moving down his chest to catch the bottom of his shirt and pulling it over his head, her fingers tracing along his chest as her breasts swayed deliciously close to his face. She moved over to Dirk and wedged his legs apart, her fingers undoing the last of his shirt buttons and pulling it off, her hands tracing along his stomach before sliding down over his cock to his thighs, her hips making little circles in front of his eyes.
I could see how wet her panties were and could smell her arousal, even from the closet, and could see the bulges in the guys pants matched the hard cock in my hand.
She moved back between them and slowly slipped the straps of her bra down her shoulders, bending over and letting her lovely full breasts threaten to tumble out of her cups, then undid the front clasp, watching her audiences eyes as she finally bared her nipples to them, her aureole wrinkled with arousal, her nips standing tall with need.
Shanny moved to Ray and sat on his lap, her legs over his as she kissed along his cheek, letting her nipples drag along his chest. Her pussy tingled with pent up passion as she heard him moan with lust, she raised her self up so she could rub her breasts on each side of his face, feeling his tongue flick out and lick at her deep cleavage. She hissed a deep yes as he mouthed the sides of her breasts, then moved from him towards Dirk. She placed her hands on his shoulders and bent over so he could enjoy her breasts unfettered, then slowly moved onto his lap, her wet pussy pressing into the hardness in his pants. She kissed him, their tongues moving in and out of each others mouths as she rubbed her nipples on his body, then raised herself, her hands cupping her breasts as she offered her hard nipples to his mouth, watching and sighing with pleasure as he sucked at them, her eyes moving over to watch Rays eyes enjoy the sight of her engorged nipples shiny with Dirks saliva as they moved in and out of his friends sucking lips.
Once again she slid from his lap and danced between them, slowly dropping to her knees in front of Ray. Her hands moved up along his thighs and over his hardness to his snap and zipper, giving him a little look to raise his hips so she could slide his pants off. She smiled with approval at the large tent his cock was making in his tighty whitety's, an obvious wet spot near the tip, letting her breasts slide up his legs as she kissed and licked up his stomach and chest. She slid back, dragging her breasts over his swollen member once more, listening to his groans of pleasure. She moved to Dirk, sitting back on her haunches, knees spread as she balanced on her heels, giving him a glorious view of her wet swollen sex, her exposed tuft of runway visible above the soaking transparent silk trying to contain her engorged and dripping lips. Shanny undid his belt and tugged down his zipper, her fingers tracing along the length of his shaft as she slid his jeans down and off, spreading his legs to enjoy the view of his cotton covered balls and shaft clearly defined. She purred with pleasure as she snuggled his thick shaft between her breasts as she kissed the tip of his cock through his underwear, letting him see her tongue lick at his wet spot, then moved to kiss his mouth, letting him suck at her tongue.
She stood once more, looking down at the crotches of her men, swollen cocks bulging in their underwear, their eyes roaming her body freely, waiting impatiently for her to remove her sodden panties. Shanny could feel her pussy lips swell even more as they anticipated the tongues, fingers and cockheads that would soon open and penetrate them. She turned her back to them and shimmied her hips for a moment, letting them enjoy the magnificent globes of her ass, tugging at her panties so her pussylips would be exposed, hearing the men moan with excitement as her smooth shaven labia showed for the first time. She turned to face them, her fingers pulling her panties up even higher and deeper into her slit, her engorged lips wet with her juices. her hips rolling in tight sexy circles, her eyes moving from man to man, watching how they were entranced by the sight of her nearly naked sex, then slowly slipped the soaking wet g-string down and off her legs, her hands playfully cupping her pussy for a moment, then letting her fingers drag between her lips leaving wet streaks up her mound and stomach.
Shanny backed in between Rays splayed legs, her ass gyrating inches from his face, letting him enjoy the view and scent of her juicy pussy, then moving back until his mouth was between her cheeks, his lips and tongue licking and sucking the length and depth of her ass crack for just a moment, then pulling away and looking back at his wet and frustrated face.
She moved to Dirk and smiled, moving between his legs as she rolled her hips for him, then holding his shoulders as she mounted the chair, her legs on each side of his hips as she brought her dripping pussy even with his face, her body convulsing as she watched him inhale her scent, then flicking his tongue the length of her deep pink slit, her wetness now dripping down her thighs, sticky strings clinging to her open labia like dew on a rose in the morning. She looked over and smiled at Ray as she humped her hips inches from Dirks face.
That was the last straw for Ray, he stood and pulled the comforter from the bed and spread it over the round table in front of the open window. He turned back and lifted Shanny from the chair and lay her on the table on her back.
"I am going to eat out some of that." he growled at Dirk, pulling a chair between Shanny's legs, his hands moving to pull her ass closer to his waiting mouth. Shanny gave a shrill scream as his tongue licked at her wetness, quickly finding her thick clit and capturing it between his sucking lips. While Ray pleasured her pussy Dirk stood and pulled off his underwear, his cock sticking straight out from his body as it led him to Shanny's waiting mouth. The table allowed her to hang her head back so Dirk's cock could effectively fuck her mouth as his partner munched on her sexy smooth clam.
I could see her body writhing between her two lovers, one hand down between her legs splaying her lips so Ray could lick her pearl sized clit, the other stroking the shaft of Dirks long cock as he worked it in and out of her mouth, her moans muffled by the meat between her lips. Ray was obviously doing a good job as her hips kept thrusting up to meet his probing tongue, and I know she would have just concentrated on him eating her out if not for Dirks insistent cock shoved down her throat. She looked so sexy lying on the table being used by the two of them, and as I watched Dirk tense and heard his breath hiss between pursed lips I realized he was getting ready to cum, then could hear my Shanny moaning around his cock as it spasmed in her mouth, her cheeks hollow as she sucked hard on his purple head, her hand milking his shaft for every drop, her throat swallowing his hot cream greedily. She sucked him as he shrank, slipping from her lips with an audible pop, then looking down at her cum smeared lips and smiling, telling her what a good cocksucker she was.
Ray looked up from between her legs and asked Dirk if he wanted to trade places, and stood as Dirk moved between her legs, throwing her knees over his shoulders as he slipped two fingers into her wet hole. Shanny moaned her approval.
"Yeah Dirk, finger fuck me baby, get me ready for your beautiful cock."
He agreed and told her to get on her hands and knees as Ray moved to her face, her eyes glassy with lust as she saw his thick shaft with a fat head bob towards her. She lowered herself to her elbows so her tiny hands could guide his delicious looking slit towards her lapping tongue, shoving her ass even higher in the air for Dirk. His lips were locked on her tiny pink rosebud of an asshole, sucking her as his tongue probed inside her tight anus muscle,two of his fingers slipping in and out of her wet and willing vagina. He moved back from her asshole, watching it spasm as it missed the loving attention his tongue had been giving it, quickly wetting his thumb in her juicy cunt then placing it tight against her quivering anus, pressing against her as she moved her ass back craving to be filled again, opening to claim his digit, sucking his thumb into her sphincter, her sighs of pleasure silenced by Ray's fat cock, just her quickened breathing expressing her pleasure.
Dirk watched her ass and pussy make love to his hand as his cock thickened, then abruptly pulled out of both of her holes to replace his finger with his cock, slipping his full length into her, his balls slapping on her ass as he drove her mouth to accept the full length of Rays cock. She gasped as she could not breath and the two of them just laughed, picking up the pace, the two of them hammering into her from both ends, driving her throat and pussy to accept their full lengths without question. Rays hands moved to her hair to hold her tight against his pubic hair as he thrust himself deeper into her throat, his breathing fast and shallow as he reached the moment of truth, hearing Shanny gasp and choke as her throat desperately swallowed his large load of cum, her throat working to keep up with each of his powerful spurts.
Ray stumbled back from her, his legs like rubber as Shanny took a deep breath, a trickle of his creamy cum slipping from her mouth as she now could concentrate on Dirks cock in her juicy cunthole. Her head and shoulders dropped to the table top as she spread her legs even wider to accept more of his glorious cock inside her, a gasping sob bursting from her lips each time his balls smacked against her thick exposed clit, the sobs comming closer and closer together until she was wailing with orgasm, her pussy dripping all around his shaft, her thighs glistening with her lubrication. Dirk could feel her pussy convulsing the length of his pole and could last no longer, slamming deep inside her to lose his load to her hot wet depths. He slapped her ass hard with each of his spasms, causing her to clutch even more at his shaft, pulling even more of his jizz from his willing balls.
He pulled from her pussy and moved to her face.
"Lick me clean Shanny, it's Rays turn to fuck you."
She gasped with lust, her dark, half lidded eyes finding Ray and slowly focusing on his cock, ridgid and ready once again.
"Fuck me hard with your nice fat cock Ray."
Her mouth dropped to Dirks crotch as Ray approached her ass, slipping his cock through her juicy slit then deep inside her a few times, then pulling out. Shanny hissed at the empty feeling between her legs until she could feel his cock pressed to her asshole, her legs quickly bracing herself as she whispered.
"Fuck Yeah Ray, take my ass."
He entered her slowly, letting his head pop past her tight muscle ring, letting her adjust to his girth, then slowly started to pump inside her. In no time he was moving in and out of her hard, his hands wrapped around her thighs so his fingers were splaying her pussy lips, I could see her juices spraying from her open hole as she shuddered under his relentless fucking of her ass, her legs collapsing but Ray holding her up against his cock until he could no longer hold her. He popped from her tight butthole, still hard and needing to release.
Shanny slipped from the table top, her fingers still around Dirks cock as she looked back at Ray. She pulled Dirk along with her as she knelt right in front of the closet door, just inches away from me. She beckoned for Ray to join them and when she had both of them side by side she started to suck both of their cocks, sliding from one to the other, her spit stringing from one fat cockhead still juicy from her cunt to one that had just slipped from her ass, licking along their lengths, sucking at their balls, moaning how she needed them both to cum on her tits. With her eyes wide open she licked at their slits, pressing their cockheads together so she could suck them both at the same time, her tiny hands milking the length of their shafts or caressing their balls to pull as much cum from their depleted reservoirs as she could. It was incredible watching my wife become a total cock sucking machine just inches from my face, seeing the pleasure and lust build in her as her cocks started to twitch and spasm, the excitement in her eyes as they groaned with pleasure as she administered her incredible cock sucking lips on them equally, the triumphant look on her face as the two of them unloaded on her freckle covered breasts, her tiny hands coaxing every drop from them to splatter and drip on her hard nipples, wiping the very last of their residue on her cheeks and lips.
The men could see she was done, and quickly dressed and left. As the door closed I was out of the closet, my hard cock in my hand as I pumped it the last few times before adding my own cum to her dripping breasts, a fantasy fulfilled for both of us.