She had done well with her first assignment...to make a pair of her panties very fragrant for him. At the end of the week, she had taken the panties she had prepared, placed them in a bubble envelope and mailed them from her building's drop box. He had called a couple of days later and had her masturbate for him while he breathed in her sexual scent on the other end. At the end of the call, he gave her the next assignment.
"I will call this Friday night at 11:30...be ready for me. You will fulfill your assignment while on the phone." then he hung up. She placed the phone down wondering what he was planning.
The week dragged along. He did not call around bedtime every couple of days as usual and by the end of the week she found herself needing him, his voice, and his sexual direction. Her fingers had failed to satisfy her throughout the week and by Friday she felt a need in her belly for release that would not come and thus became crabby to all those around her. Not the least was her roommate who had taken to avoiding her around the apartment.
That Friday evening she took a shower, stepped into a fresh pair of panties, slipped a silk robe around her, poured a glass of wine and sat in her bedroom rocking chair with a book. Her roommate had gone out for the evening. She felt a mixture of feelings, anger that he did not call her combined with need for him and she knew she would submit to his words.
The pages of her book blurred with distraction and she frequently glanced at the clock as it slowly counted towards his call.
When the sudden ringing at 11:30 disturbed her silence it still shocked her even though she knew it was coming -- he was rarely late in making his calls.
"Hi." She answered.
"Were you waiting for me?"
"Yes..." her voice became soft.
"Good. What are you wearing?"
"Silk robe and panties," she told him.
"Dim the lights and turn on some slow groove music," he commanded.
She put down the phone and went around the condo turning off the main lights and putting on softer lights. Then she went to her stereo and popped in some smooth R&B and returned to the phone.
"Ok."
"Where are you now?"
"In my rocking chair. In my bedroom."
"Untie your robe and caress the softness of your tummy."
Her hand untied the sash and she opened her robe and began with her free hand caressing her stomach. The built-up need from the week combined with his closeness on the phone immediately caused a stirring in her loins.
"Does that feel good?"
"Yes," she softly purred.
"As you caress, let your hand wander higher and higher until you just graze the underside of your breasts."
Her hand circled ever higher until her fingers and back of her hand ran under her breasts. She watched her hand slide across and saw her nipples grow. She did not touch them, instead following his wishes and just grazing her breasts. Each time she ran her hand under a breast it caused a corresponding tingle in her panties.
"Are your nipples hard?"
"Yesss," she hissed softly.
"Touch each breast around the nipple but don't touch them."
Her hand circled her breasts keeping outside the ring of the areolas. Her nipples continued to grow, filling with need and each forming a pointy nub. The tingles had become small jolts pulsing down to her vulva. She could feel the heat rise from her cheeks and breasts as her body responded to him.
"Now take the back of your hand down the cleavage between your breasts...down over your belly button...and the waistband of your panties. Caress along there from hip to hip."
She followed his instructions.
"Now run the back of your hand down each leg and return along the inside thigh to the panty leg opening...back and forth. Touching. Caressing for me."
She did this. She felt the need grow between her legs, warmth and heat emanating from her vulva. She knew she was wet.
"Are you on the wireless phone?" he asked.
"yesss."
"Good, now rise from your chair and go to the kitchen."
She stood -- her legs uncertain at first -- and walked to her kitchen.
"Now open your silverware drawer."
She opened it. Her knives, forks and spoons lay in their appointed slots in the tray.
"Take a butter knife. Describe the handle to me." She lifted a knife and held it in front of her.
"It's silver. It has a blade and a handle."
"Describe the handle to me."
"It's rounded, flared at the end, fits my hand."
"Is there a pattern or is it smooth?"
"Smooth."
"Good...put that in your robe pocket."
She slid it into the pocket of her robe, "ok"
"Now go back to your room."
As she walked she felt the silk of her robe softly slide against her skin. When she returned to her bedroom, she stood in the center of her room.
"Ok, I'm there."
"Now open the curtains to your window."
She stepped over and pulled on the cord. From her second story window, the curtains opened to a scene of town home windows facing her through the leafless trees.
"Ok"
"Now take the lamp from your bedside table and plug it in near the window and place it on the floor in front of the window."
She wondered what he was planning, but did as he said.
"Ok"
"Good, now stand in front of the lamp, legs apart and let your robe open. Touch your body, your tummy, your breasts, your legs. Do not touch your pussy until I say you can."
She stood over the lamp, her robe falling open. She felt the heat of the light bulb rising between thighs. It illuminated her thighs, stomach, and the undersides of her breasts. Her free hand wandered down her body, fueling the desire.
"Ok"
"Now do this and watch the windows across the way. Do you see anyone watching you?"
"No."
"Keep touching yourself. Imagine someone is at their window watching you touch yourself."
Her eyes closed as her hand wandered. Her breathing quickened as the thought of a stranger watching infused her mind. She imagined a solitary man at his window watching her public display.
"Now let your hand wander between your legs over the panty...is it warm?"
"Yes," she breathed.
"Slide a finger under the panties...is it wet?"
"Yessss," she breathed.
"Now I want you to push the panties down your thighs partway. Touch the area around your pussy, feeling the swollen lips and swollen clit."
She pushed her panties down and stroked her lips. Her fingers played around the clit, circling it slowly. She then opened her eyes and looked out across to the town homes...she saw movement in a window.
"I think someone is watching me."
"Really? From where?"
"From a window in a town home."
"Rub that pussy for them baby. Show them what a sexy lady does to get pleasure." He told her.
She half-closed her eyes and watched the window...there was definitely someone there...in the window. She rubbed herself with more vigor, letting her fingers part the folds of her vagina, feeling her wetness coat them.
"Take off your panties and throw them to the side"
She stopped and let her panties fall to the floor. A foot flung them away and she resumed her position over the warm lamp, almost crouching now as her hand rubbed the wet channel between her legs.
"Do you need more now? Do you need something more than fingers?"
"Yessss," she hissed. Her hips were gyrating slowly over the warm lamp.
"Take the knife from your pocket."
She stopped rubbing and pulled the knife from the pocket.
"Ok."
"Good, now take the rounded handle and run it between your lips."
Holding the butter knife by the blade, she ran the handle down over her clit and parted her lips with it. The round hardness slid easily between the lips and down to her opening.
"Rub from your clit to your opening with the handle and watch your friend in the window."
She slid the handle up and down, her body moving against it. Each time it reached her hole, she applied a little pressure. She watched the window. She could make out a dark form standing in the window, watching her pleasure herself.
"Are they still there."
"Yessss."
"Good. Do you like the handle?"
"Yessss."
"Do you need it inside?"
"Yessss."
"You may slide in it for three nice strokes."
The next down stroke she applied more pressure and turned the knife around to point up at her opening. When she felt it push against her, she moaned into the phone.
"That's good baby, put it in your sweet hole baby."
His wicked encouragement made her moan again as it slid inside. She wanted it now and she pushed it deep inside. Then she pulled it out to the tip and pushed it in again.
"Remember baby only three times," he warned, "any more and we stop right now."
She moaned knowing she only had one more thrust, she drove it in hard, and making her gasp as her muscles clenched the now-warm silver handle. She slowly pulled it from her...her legs shaking with need now.
"Okkkk," she whispered, it's out.
"Did you do only three stokes?"
"Yessss."
"Do you need to cum baby?"
"Yesss I do."
"Do you want to cum all over that handle while your friend in the window watches you."
Lost in desire now, all she could say was, "yesssssss."
"Then I will count to twenty slowly and you must make yourself cum before I get to twenty or you don't get to cum tonight."
"I'll try."
"One," he replied.
With urgency she drove the handle back in herself and began to ride the handle in earnest.
"Two."
She pushed the handle against her g-spot and rubbed furiously.
"Three."
She began to moan as she lost herself to the feeling.
"Four."
She looked outside at her voyeur audience, the dark form had moved close to the window and she could see rapid movement of their arm and hand. They were masturbating to her display...
"Five."
Her breath became ragged and her legs weak as she thrust the handle in and out of her vagina. The warmth of the lamp heated her already hot thighs and she began to sweat.
"Six."
The robe became constricting and she shrugged herself out of it. It slid from her body in soft cascades down her hunched back.
"Seven."
She now stood naked before her window, thrusting a knife handle into her pussy.
"Eight."
She started to grunt and groan in earnest, feeling the hard handle do its work in her womb.
"Nine."
Her vaginal muscles began to tighten around the handle.
"Ten."
Her body tensed and shook.
"Eleven."
She began to cry out with each stroke, the pitch of her voice climbing as the orgasm approached.
"Twelve."
"Oh my god, I'm gonna cum!" she announced.
"Thirteen."
Her hand pistoned the handle in and out of her hole, driving her to her much-needed pinnacle.
"Fourteen."
"Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!" she groaned in succession.
"Fifteen."
"Ah! Ah! Arrrggghhhh", the first wave hit her and the handle stayed deep inside her.
"Sixteen."
She teetered over the hot lamp, trying to keep her balance while her body shook. She pulled the handle out once more and drove it in.
"Seventeen."
"Ooooooooh. Ahhhhhhhhhh. Uhmmmmmmmm," She rode the waves into shore.
"Eighteen."
She stood there crouched over the lamp, naked, knife handle deep inside clenched by her cunt, breathing hard and heavy.
"Nineteen."
"Twenty. Pull it out."
As she pulled it from her, it elicited a long low moan and then a deep sigh as the pleasure of release made her body glow.
"Now look at the handle."
She lifted the handle and looked at the juices dripping down it.
"Taste it baby. Taste the handle. Lick it clean."
She lifted it to her mouth and licked her cum from the handle, watching her voyeur friend stand before the distant window.
"Taste good baby?" he asked.
"Mmmmm good," she replied.
"Now move the lamp and close the curtains and sit in your chair."
She did as he asked and sat down, her legs weak from the orgasm.
"You did well tonight and followed my instruction to the letter. For that you will be given another assignment of which I will instruct you in it tomorrow."
And he hung up.