After determining my shoe size, Judy brought out a variety of shoes, and boots for me to try on. Each time I tried a pair on, I was told to walk around the room and model them. It didn't take me long to figure out that I should make sure the bells were ringing when I walked. Everything I tried on had heels that were at least five inches high, and it was tough keeping my balance.
Judy put one pair on me that had insanely high heels. So high, that I had to walk on my tip toes. These boots were very difficult for me to maintain my balance, and I nearly fell over several times. I was very glad, when Ray declined them! He wanted shoes, boots, and sandals that could be worn in public, and comfortably... to an extent. All of his choices were very sexy. The pair of sandals laced up my calf, and were my favorite pair. They made my legs look really hot and sexy.
The last pair I tried on was a pair of vinyl boots that zipped up the back of the leg. They had five-inch high heels, and the tops of the boots, stopped, just short of my crotch a little higher than mid thigh. Ray loved them, and said that I would also wear them home.
We were at this store for hours. Ray made a lot of purchases, and when we were done, Tom told him that the total came to a little over a thousand dollars. I was shocked at the amount. Apparently, Ray had a lot more money than I guessed he did, and he didn't mind spending it on items to use with me. He bought all sorts of harness's, straps, restraints, clamps, clothing, and toys. I wondered if he had done this with the women he talked about before I came along. If so, what happened to the stuff he bought them?
"Would you like your usual discount?" Tom asked.
"Not this time. How about half of the normal rate?" Ray answered.
"Yeah, that will do." Tom said.
Ray took me aside, and explained that the normal discount was to let Tom fuck me, and he'd take ten percent off the total. This is what had been done with his previous slaves. However, since Bill hadn't yet agreed for me to have sex with someone else that was off the table. On the other hand, he did receive permission from Bill for me to suck cock. However, only if it was someone that Ray knew personally.
He took me back to where Tom and Judy waited, and I said, "Please sir, would you let me suck your cock?"
Tom didn't say a word; he just pulled his zipper down, and let me take it from there. I knelt down in front of him, and pulled his cock out of his pants, while Ray and Judy watched. He had a nice cock. Not as big as Ray, or even Bill, but it was nice just the same. Looking back, I think I was beginning to like all cocks, no matter what the size was.
When I put it in my mouth, it didn't taste bad either. I don't know why I noticed that, I just did I guess. When I suck a cock, good personal hygiene makes it a lot more fun for me. I'm not a fan of cheese dick! Soon he started leaking precum, and that also tasted good to me. I worked him over pretty good, and felt him stiffen, and then begin ejaculating in my mouth. I swallowed every drop and when I finished I said, "Thank you sir for the honor of sucking your cock." The whole thing only took about twenty minutes from start to finish. My cock sucking skills were improving and I smiled to myself.
Ray paid for his purchases, and as a slave would, I loaded them into the van. Just when I was thinking I would ride up front with Ray, he decided I would ride in the back... impaled on the dildo again. The dildo was made so that it could be detached from the floor by removing a couple of torsion clips. A metal bar that was attached to the floor by a hinge was pulled up so it was perpendicular to the floor. Then a support was attached to the back of the bar, and anchored to the floor. This held the bar in an upright position, securely in place.
The floor pads were positioned alongside the bar, and Ray attached the dildo to it pointing forward. I noticed that there was a slot in the bar so the dildo could be moved up or down for proper alignment. Before I got into the van, Ray had me remove the boots. When I got in, he pushed me to my knees, lined up the dildo and had me back up until it was about half way in my pussy. My knees were strapped to the floor, and my hands were cuffed and attached to the eyehooks in the ceiling. In this position, I knew that the road and motion of the van wouldn't be enough for the dildo to fuck me. I was a little disappointed.
"Those bells had better be ringing." Ray told me. "You fuck yourself on that dildo, and make those bells ring. You don't stop until I tell you to. You don't cum without permission. Do you understand?"
"Yes Master. Your slave understands." I said.
As soon as we were out of the garage, I started moving back and forth on the dildo. The bells didn't ring much, and I had to move my upper body to make that happen. I was glad they didn't weigh very much, because it would've hurt much worse than it did, and the corset made it hard to breathe. This was going to be a very long ride home!
After only about thirty or forty minutes, I felt the coming orgasm approach. "Please Master... May your slave cum?" I asked.
"No." was all he said.
I continued fucking myself. The sensations of the dildo rubbing against the plug in my ass were something I had never experienced before, and it felt good. Very, very good! I waited for what I thought was an acceptable amount of time, before asking again, "Please sir... May your slave cum?"
Again, I was denied. Time after time, I asked, and time after time, he refused. Then we pulled into a rest stop. This time, when I asked, he said, "How badly do you want it slave?"
"Your slave wants very badly to cum Master." I said.
I was still fucking myself on the dildo, and I'm sure that if anyone looked at the van, they would wonder why it was rocking like it was. My breathing was labored, and my pussy clutched at the invading object. I could feel my juices running down the insides of my thighs. The bells were still ringing.
"I will allow you to cum, but you first have to prove how much you want it." Ray said.
"Yes Master. Your slave will do anything to be allowed to cum." I replied breathlessly.
"If you really are serious about having an orgasm, then you will show me." He said. "You will get out of the van and crawl across the grass, and find a spot to piss."
I was horrified, but I wanted this pretty badly. When I didn't answer Ray said, "If you can't do that, then we will continue driving, and you will not be permitted to cum. It's your choice slave. Tell me now... we haven't got all day."
This was it. I wondered how many people were out there, and if I would be seen. He hadn't told me anything about where we were, and all I had seen was the rest stop sign through the windshield of the van. It was early evening, about dusk, but still quite bright enough to see without additional lights. There was no way it was dark enough to conceal that I was nearly naked, or that I would be pissing in the grass. I was also keenly aware that the bells would attract attention to me as I crawled.
"Master... Your slave will do as you command." I finally said.
Ray got into the back, and released me. I was stiff, and he allowed me a moment to get the blood circulating in my extremities again, before opening the side door. To my great relief there weren't many cars in the parking area. Farther away, I saw a line of big trucks parked, but no one was very close to where Ray had parked.
When I made my move out of the van, those damned bells started ringing. To me the sound was deafening. I was certain that people would hear them, and look to see where the sound was coming from. From what I could see, no one was outside to witness me humiliating myself. That was something I couldn't bank on though, and I hurried as fast as I could to a spot in the grass that I felt comfortable with. I chose it, because it was partially hidden behind a picnic table.
I knew better than to just piss, and so I asked, "Master... May your slave be allowed to piss here?"
He put his hand to his ear, indicating that I hadn't asked him in a loud enough voice. I don't know why he hadn't followed me. He was standing near the front of the van and I was about forty or fifty feet away. I repeated a little louder this time, "Master... May your slave be allowed to piss here?"
I was shocked, when he put his hand to his ear again! Once more, I asked, in full speaking voice, "Master... May your slave be allowed to piss here?"
Ray put his hand to his ear again, and I was irritated. Apparently, he wanted me to yell as I had at the farm. This was not good at all. I sucked in my breath and loudly asked, "Master... May your slave be allowed to piss here?"
That's when I saw them. Walking in my direction were two big men who looked like they may be truck drivers. That literally scared the piss out of me, and I was pissing before Ray could voice his approval. Ray intercepted them, before they could get to where I was, and a conversation ensued that I couldn't quite make out. I caught a couple of words, like slave, slut, and permission. I guessed that he was explaining why I was doing what I was, and why I was dressed, the way I was.
The three men walked over to where I was still squatting, and I was so embarrassed. I hung my head down, and Ray said, "Present yourself slut."
I moved to my knees, and assumed the correct position, hoping that I wasn't kneeling in my piss.
"Well I'll be a son of a bitch!" One of them exclaimed. "That's something you don't see every day."
"Her training has been going pretty well, although she'll have to be punished for pissing without permission." Ray said. Then he looked at me, and added, "Offer cunt."
I quickly assumed the position and held my pussy open as far as I could. "Damn! I'd sure like to have a piece of that!" One of them said.
"I'm sorry guys, but that can't happen. You see, I'm still training her and she's not ready to fuck other people... yet. If I knew you, I'd be happy to offer her mouth to you, but we have to be careful of disease, you know. How about if she gives you a hand job instead?" Ray asked.
When both men agreed, Ray took the corset off of me, and then the nipple clamps. I howled in pain when he did that, and the truckers laughed at me. "Give these two fine gentlemen your best hand job slave. Let them cum on your tits."
I didn't say anything. I crawled on my hands and knees to the two men, and waited for them to take their cocks out of their pants. One of them said, "This ain't self service slut. You want my dick, you get it yourself."
I pulled at his zipper, and before I could get his hardening cock out, his friend tapped me on the shoulder. I turned and looked at him. He was holding the biggest cock I had ever seen! It wasn't fully hard, and I swear it was already the size of my forearm! I totally forgot about the first guy, and I wrapped my fingers around that massive piece of meat in front of my face. The fingers of one hand wouldn't go all the way around it, so I put both hands on it.
The skin was velvety soft, and I could feel the ridges created by the veins. I stroked it back and forth, and it grew harder. If I was going to get it to cum, I was going to need some lubricant, so I spit into my hands. There was so much cock there, that my spit wasn't nearly enough. I knew my pussy was soaking wet, so I dipped my fingers in it, and spread my juices on his cock. Then I started jacking him off. Every so often, I would re-lube it with my pussy juices, until it was nice and slick.
I felt it get harder slightly, and he tensed up. That's when the first jet of cum hit me. It caught me on the left cheek below my eye, and it felt hot. I aimed his cock at my boobs and continued jacking him. I had never seen a man cum as much as he did. My left breast was covered, and his cum was dripping off of my hard nipple. Then, it was time to do his friend.
His cock was average, and I had no trouble getting my fingers wrapped around it. My hand was still slick with my juices, but I added more, just for the erotic effect of it, and he seemed to appreciate my efforts. He didn't cum nearly as much as his friend had, and I caught all of his seed on my right breast. When I was finished, I thanked them for letting me play with them.
"Fuck! That was great." The first trucker said. His friend agreed.
"How would you guys like to watch the slut cum?" Ray asked them.
They both thought that was a wonderful Idea. Why wouldn't they! It's not often that things like this happen at a rest stop I would think.
"Beg for it slut." Ray commanded.
"Please master... May your slave cum?"
"Yes, but be quick about it. I'm sure these gentlemen need to get going, and so do we."
I lay back on the grass, and started playing with my nipples. My fingers on my left hand pinched and pulled at them, while I used my right hand to work my pussy. My clit was hard and throbbing, and I strummed it like a banjo. My legs began to shake, and I plunged my left hand into my wet hole. I shoved as many fingers in me as I could get. In my mind, I was imagining that it was that big, beautiful cock that I had jacked off, probing the depths of my pussy.
I arched my back off the ground, and came long and hard. I moaned out loud. My hips moved up and down, as if I was fucking, and my second orgasm rolled over me. When I had finished, I lay there panting, as if I had just run a hundred miles. I remember the three of them looking down at me, and the feeling of the grass tickling my ass. Miraculously the second man was hard again, and he was stroking that monster cock.
I propped myself up on my elbows, and watched him work his cock. I don't know why I did it, but I opened my mouth, giving him a target for his cum. He groaned that he was about there, and then my face got splattered by load after load of his hot cum. Some of it went in my mouth, but most of it hit my face. Warm wet and gooey. I could feel it on my skin. The cum that had landed in my mouth, I let run out and down my chin.
Out of nowhere, I felt a shot of something warm and wet hit my cheek. When I turned to look, another shot hit me in the eye. That stung like a son of a bitch! The other guy was unloading on my face like his friend had.
I wiped it out of my eye as best I could, and was about to wipe some more off of my face, when Ray said, "Leave it. You'll wear it home slut."
The two truckers left and Ray started back towards the van. I crawled behind him. I could feel their cum cooling on my skin. My pussy juices were running down the insides of my thighs, and I knew I was a mess. I didn't care. This had been a hot experience for me, and the only thing that could've made it better would be if Bill were here to fuck me now. A nice hard cock in me would've felt great!
Before I got to the van, Ray was standing there holding the passenger door open for me. He had laid a towel on the seat, explaining that I was indeed a mess, and he didn't want the seat ruined. I was still weak from my orgasm, and he helped me up into the van, then we got back on the interstate to continue our journey to his home.
By the time we reached Rays home, I could smell myself. That stale odor of cum and sweat mixed together. You know just how bad you actually smell when you can smell yourself stinking. Rays home was in a very wealthy section of town. The houses were rather far apart, my guess would be at least forty or fifty feet between them. Well-manicured lawns, shrubs and trees were everywhere.
His house sat back from the main street about a hundred feet, and had hedges that bordered the property. The driveway was cobblestone that led to a four-car garage. I saw one of the doors go up and Ray drove the van inside, then the door closed behind us. Ray turned off the ignition, and said, "You can't go in the house like that. We'll need to clean you up first."
After I got out of the van, he led me out a door at the back of the garage, and we were on a large patio. A swimming pool and bar-b-cue area was to the left and to the right a private tennis court. Yes, he had money! He had me stand under a shower that was used for the swimming pool, and I started to rinse off. Ray went into the garage, and returned with a bar of soap and a towel.
Once I was clean and dry, he showed me the house. It was beautiful. It was a ranch with four bedrooms, a lounge/bar, and three baths. Very tastefully decorated, and furnished. He led me down a set of stairs to the most fabulous playroom I could've imagined. Everything and anything related to bondage and submission was there! I can't even begin to describe everything that I saw.
He showed me where he wanted the purchases from earlier in the day placed, and I retrieved them from the van. Then we went upstairs to the living room. He told me to make myself at home, while he made us something to eat. This was a "cigar break" he said and told me to help myself to anything in the bar that I wanted. I settled on a nice glass of chardonnay.
I was pleasantly surprised, when he returned with steak salads, and a cheese platter. The food was the first I had had in quite awhile, and it was delicious. And of course, I remembered to keep my legs open for him. I also wished that he would fuck me, but I knew that wouldn't happen. Then the phone rang.
"Yes. She's right here." I heard him say. Then he handed the phone to me, "It's for you."
"Hello" I said.
"Hey honey! How are you doing?" It was Bill.
"Oh my gawd I'm so glad it's you dear! I miss you so much!"
"First I need to know that you're OK with everything that's happened to you. I'd never forgive myself if you weren't." he said.
"I'm OK. I have a much better understanding of what slavery can be, and I now have a better idea of my limits too." I said. "The experience is something I won't soon forget."
"I can't tell you how worried I've been. Especially when Ray would send me pics and video clips of what you were doing." I hadn't known that Ray was keeping Bill up to speed on all that was being done to me. "The part with you at that sex shop was such a turn on! I watched it three times, and yes, I jacked off to it all three times. You are the sexiest woman I've ever seen, and I wish I were there right now to have sex with you."
"I wish you were here too honey. Did you see what happened at the rest stop today?"
"Yeah... I can't believe that a human being can have a dick that size!" he said.
"I know right! When I masturbated, I was imagining it was fucking me." I said.
"Yeah, that would've been something to see." Bill replied. "I can't imagine something that big fitting in a woman. Maybe someday you'll get the chance to find out. Now put Ray back on the phone... and honey... I love you!"
Ray left the room and continued his conversation with my husband, and I poured myself another glass of wine. I was perfectly relaxed now. I relived the memories of the day in my mind. A year ago, if you'd told me I would be doing something like this I would've said you were ready for the loony bin.
Ray walked back into the room and said, "Cigar break's over. You are still my slave and you will act appropriately while you are here. The only exception is relieving yourself. I can't have my neighbors seeing a woman out in the yard asking to piss and shit. I still expect you to ask when to do it, but you will be permitted to use the bathroom. Now... It's time for bed. Follow me."
I crawled behind Ray, and noticed how soft the carpet was on my knees. He opened a door that led to a magnificent master suite. In the corner, I noticed a cage. Ray walked over to the cage and opened the door for me. There was a silver engraved tag on the door. It read; SLUT LINDA.
"Get a good night's rest. I have a lot planned for you for tomorrow and you're going to need all the energy you have. Before you go to sleep remove and clean your butt plug and put it with the others."
FRIDAY
My sleep was interrupted by an abrupt kick to the side of my cage. "Rise and shine slave."
I wiped the sleep from my eyes, while my cage door was opened. I had a wonderfully restful sleep. This cage was much more comfortable than the one at the farm. It still wasn't big enough for me to stretch out in, but it had a very soft mat in the bottom of it. It felt like sleeping on a cloud compared to the farm even though I could only sleep in the fetal position.
Ray had made Belgian waffles and coffee for breakfast, and I hungrily ate all that he put in front of me. After my second cup of coffee, I asked, "Master... may your slave be allowed to piss?"
He said that I could, and I got up from the table and took a step towards the bathroom. "Whoa there slave! Just where do you think you're going?" He said.
"Master told his slave that she could go and piss." I said not knowing what I had done wrong.
"Did I tell you that you could walk on your feet?" he asked.
"Master your slave is sorry. Please forgive her for not thinking. Your slave meant no disrespect and it was not her intention to offend her master."
"You are forgiven slave, but your inattention to who you are has cost you an additional punishment for today." he said.
Shit! I had forgotten all about being punished for pissing yesterday. Now I had just made it worse. I got to my knees, and waited for him to say something.
"You have lost your bathroom privileges. Follow me."
He led me back to the garage, and pushed a bucket in front of me. "This is what you shall use for the remainder of your stay."
I hovered over the bucket and asked "Master may your slave piss?"
He agreed, and I heard the sound of the stream hitting the bottom of the bucket. I wondered if I would have to shit in the bucket too. Time would tell, because there was no way I could go four more days without defecating. When the last drops were in the bucket, he ordered me to take it to the bathroom, and empty the contents into the toilet then clean the bucket.
He was waiting for me when I crawled back into the garage. He was holding a butt plug but it wasn't the one from the day before or even the next size up from that. It was two sizes bigger, and the thought of where it was going to go made me shiver. He handed it to me and told me to put it in. Quickly I looked around for lube, and when I didn't find any, he smiled at me.
"Figure it out. You have ten seconds to get that up your ass." I panicked. I couldn't shove that thing up my ass dry! I spit on it, and tried pushing it in, but it was still too dry. Then it came to me to shove it in my pussy. Thankfully, my pussy was a little bit wetter than spitting on it, and I tried pushing it in again. The tip went in, but this thing was quite a bit bigger than the first one.
I pushed, and it hurt. Then I heard him counting down! Five more seconds to go! I pushed harder, and a little more went in. I was in full-blown panic mode, when I held it under my ass, and then sat down on the concrete floor forcing it in. The pain was immediate and intense. Fire spread through my ass, and I held my hand over my mouth while I screamed.
I was still shaking from the pain, when he handed me two egg shaped things and told me they went into my cunt. They went in a lot easier than the plug did! Once they were up inside me, he put a harness on me that he had purchased the day before. It was a belt that went around my waste with a strap that ran between my legs. Both straps were leather and about an inch wide. The end of the crotch strap buckled to the waste belt and it firmly held everything inside me.
Then he placed the metal rings around my breasts and tightened each of them. "Is that tight enough slave?"
"Yes master." I replied. Then he tightened them a little bit more. I knew it wouldn't be long before my breasts began turning color. He slid one of the chrome cup shaped objects over each breast, making sure my nipples were centered in the holes, and I felt the magnetic click. The next thing he did was to pull each of my nipples through the nipple disks. The disks rested against the breast cups and were a little bit bigger in diameter than the holes in the cups. Next came the nipple springs. The pain from the springs didn't come all at once but it didn't take all that long for me to realize how uncomfortable they were going to be either.
Little chrome acorn caps over my nipples completed my ensemble. He activated the magnets and I felt my breasts pull together. "I was going to let you do this with just a pair of shorts and a halter top, but as part of your punishment for pissing yesterday this will be your attire." I still had no idea what I would be doing.
"Today you're going to do yard work." he said. Then he got out his phone, took a picture of me presumably for my husband and then led me outside. The yard was quite large and I had hopes that he had a riding lawnmower. Even if he did have one, he gave me a push mower to use.
I started walking behind the mower and felt something in my pussy. The eggs were vibrating. I remembered that Tom had explained this feature to Ray and had even told him there was an app for his smart phone to control them. Just great, I thought as I continued cutting the grass.
It took me nearly an hour to finish cutting the grass, and my body was screaming at me. My nipples burned, and my pussy was contracting regularly on the eggs even though I hadn't been allowed to have an orgasm. My ass ached form the oversized butt plug, and I could feel my breasts sweating inside the cups from the sun beating on them. They felt like they were being baked.
I pushed the mower back into the garage, and Ray was waiting for me. "I bet you'd like to cum right about now, wouldn't you?" Of course, he knew the answer to that question, and I nodded my head. I had no illusions that he would just let me cum, because I'd been down this road before. Then he did something that surprised me... He took out his smart phone and opened the app that controlled the eggs.
The eggs started buzzing and my knees were weak. It almost felt like the eggs were emitting small electrical discharges into my horny pussy. "Please master... May your slave be allowed to cum?" I begged.
"Tell me slave. Why do you need to cum?"
"Your slave needs to cum because the eggs in her cunt are stimulating her. Driving her crazy!" I moaned.
"Really... That's your cunt slave. I thought it belonged to me." He said. Ray seemed to love playing mind games with me.
"You are correct Master. Your slave is sorry she wasn't clear. Your slave does not own her cunt. It belongs to her Master."
The buzzing in the eggs increased, and I had to lean up against the wall to keep from falling down. "Please Master... May your slave be allowed to cum?"
The orgasm that hit me felt wonderful, and it seemed to keep going on and on forever. The eggs stopped buzzing and I was almost relieved to have had an orgasm and a break. That was short lived. Ray handed me a pair of hedge clippers and sent me out to manicure the hedges.
The entire time I worked on the hedges, the eggs kept working on me. Working me up towards another orgasm. I had to admit that I liked this edging thing. It made for wonderful and fulfilling climaxes. I caught glimpses of some of the neighbors and a couple of them even waved at me, which surprised me a little.
I was just finishing up with the hedges at the front of the property when the eggs went nuts inside me. They didn't stop, and I knew I wouldn't be able to put off cumming for very long. On shaky legs, I made my way to the garage to find my Master. He wasn't there. I looked in the house and found him nowhere. My pussy was driving me nuts and I knew I'd have an accident if I didn't find him soon!
Finally, I found him outback talking to a neighbor. I wasn't sure if I should approach them, but saw Ray beckon me. My knees were shaking as I walked to where the two men stood. The man looked to be a bit older than Ray and a little taller. He had wavy gray hair, and a beard. The most striking thing about him was his eyes. They were a beautiful ice blue and they seemed to be able to penetrate a person's soul.
I was acutely aware of how I was dressed as the neighbor couldn't or wouldn't stop looking at me. He smiled as I nervously shuffled from foot to foot as the eggs relentlessly stimulated me. Ray looked at me and said, "Stand still and stop fidgeting. What's wrong with you?"
I didn't know how to answer that question. I didn't know if I should tell the truth in front of this man or not. Then Ray looked at him and said, "I'm sorry Joe. Please forgive my rudeness. This is my new slave. Say hello to my friend slut."
"Hello sir." I said while trying to fight off the impending orgasm.
"Tell Joe why you can't stand still slut."
"My Masters slave has vibrating eggs in his cunt and they are aaagghhhh." Was all I could get out.
"Damn Ray! When did you grow a cunt?" Joe exclaimed.
Ray laughed and said, "How many times do I have to tell you to be clear when you speak slave? Now, tell him again why you can't stand still."
"My Masters slave has vibrating eggs in her cunt and they are driving her wild with lust."
"Really?" Joe asked.
"Yes sir! My Masters slave is going to cum soon, but is trying so hard to wait for permission." I said while holding onto Rays arm for support.
"What happens if you cum without permission? Why not just have an orgasm and enjoy it?" Joe asked.
"If I cum without permission my Master will punish his slave." I said breathlessly.
"Hey... Let me show you something Joe." Ray said, ignoring my predicament. "Stand straight slave and put your hands behind your head."
I tried to stand better, and placed my hands behind my head as instructed. Ray pulled off the acorn caps that had covered my nipples. He flicked them a couple of times, and then asked Joe if he wanted to try it. I almost lost it when he flicked both of my nipples at the same time. The pain and the pleasure were exquisite.
To be continued...