This is part 11 of my Journal. I started writing it when I made a bold decision to change my life. I left my dull existence in North Wales and went to work as a Housekeeper for a man in the East Midlands of England. It is a decision that I will never regret. I have never been so happy and never had so much pleasure.
Vanessa
Week commencing July 5
Monday July 5 - It had been a bad night. There were people returning to the hotel all the time right up until we were getting up at 7 o'clock, and the majority of them were drunk and shouting and slamming doors. Jon said that it was to be expected in a place like that but that we'd get our own back on them by slamming doors from when we got up until we went out each day. He said,
"If they're going to disturb our sleep then I'm going to disturb theirs."
The hotel was 'Bed & breakfast' but the breakfast only consisted of Tea and Toast so on our way to the beach we stopped at a café and got something to eat. Jon wore just one of his vests and I had to wear just the new non see-though sarong and to just tuck it in. As we were walking along it kept feeling like it was about to fall down so I had to keep tucking it in again (Jon had said I could - unless he told me not to).
Jon had decided that we were going to Ses Salines which meant that we had to get a bus to Ibiza Town and then another to Ses Salines. Jon followed me onto the first bus and as we walked down the aisle my sarong suddenly disappeared leaving me totally naked on a bus with quite a few people on it. All of them seemed to be looking at me. Even though I like being naked I still felt embarrassed, even after Jon picked it up, gave it to me and I'd put it back on.
After we'd got a seat and the bus was moving I realised that I'd enjoyed the excitement and that my pussy was wet and tingling. When I told Jon he said,
"I'm sure that I can arrange for it to happen again."
He then told me that he'd grabbed a bit of the sarong and held it against one of the seat backs so that as I moved back along the bus I just walked straight out of it. He told me to try it as we got onto the next bus.
I did, and it worked. I was left naked on a bus in the middle of Ibiza Town with quite a few people looking at me. This time the excitement was greater than the embarrassment and I could really feel my juices. On the beach I discussed this with Jon and we decided that I should do it more often. See what reactions I can get from people.
We spent anther quiet day on the beach with not a lot happening. I'm sure that the people walking up and down the beach stared at me a lot longer because of my lack of pubic hair, pussy lips rings and chain. The man who came to collect the money for the hire of the sun loungers seemed to 'hover' at the bottom of my sun lounger for quite a while as well. At one point we both went for a long naked (apart from shoes) walk in the dunes and pine trees that are behind the beach. I've got to the stage where the chain doesn't get me excited unless I'm already thinking about sex.
As we waiting for the bus to go back to Ibiza Town we both sat on the step outside the café eating an ice cream. Anyone who looked would have been able to see both my pussy and Jon's dick and balls, though we never saw anyone staring at us. We had to stand up on that bus because of the number of people on it and at one point my sarong came undone and started to fall down on its own. I let it get down to my waist before pulling it back up. The bus to San Antonio was better; I did what Jon suggested and down went the sarong onto the floor. Two hunks of men looked at me but when one of them started talking to the other one I decided that my efforts had been wasted, they sounded as if they were gay.
On the walk through San Antonio back to the hotel I decided to try it again when a group of English youths were walking towards us. I 'caught' the sarong on the side of a van and down it went when I was right in front of them. What a cheer I got. It was great. I didn't rush to pick-up the sarong and even bent over at the waist to pick it up. What a wonderful feeling.
While we were in a shop getting some more water Jon accidentally (yes it was!) dropped his wallet and squatted down to pick it up. He did this with his knees wide open (like men do). Because he wasn't wearing anything under his vest his dick and balls were clearly visible.
Right in front of him were 2 teenage girls waiting to be served and one of them looked down to see what was going on. Her jaw dropped when she realised what she was looking at and when Jon stood up I could see the girl whispering to her mate. I couldn't hear what she was saying but her mate turned and looked at Jon. When we left the shop I asked Jon if he'd dropped his wallet on purpose. He said,
"Don't be so silly!"
so I told him about the girl. I guess that he hadn't realised because he said, "I didn't think about that, I'll have to try it again."
Back in the hotel the 2 Scottish girls were in their room with the shutters open. They were getting changed and walking around in their bras and knickers. One of them stared at us as we stripped off and walked around naked but in general they just ignored us. We sat out on the balcony watching the world go by for a while before taking a nap before we went out for the evening. While we were on the balcony I saw the head of one of the girls in the room above us lean out and look down at us a couple of times.
When we went out I just wore my bikini skirt (the one that only has the thin fastening cord on one side making it obvious (to anyone who bothered to look) that I have nothing on underneath) and my white lycra bikini top. With all the young girls wearing see-through dresses on skimpy skirts no one took any notice of me at all, but it was nice walking around amongst all those people feeling quite naked.
After getting some food Jon took me into a couple of the very noisy, lively bars. The music was good, but way too loud. We stood in a corner drinking and watching the kids dancing and falling over. I was stood in front of Jon laying back on him. His hand was in the side of my skirt and he was playing with my clit as we stood there. He brought me to an orgasm quite quickly and I could have screamed my head off and no one would have taken a blind bit of notice.
Back in our hotel room Jon had me ride him. We left the window open (as usual) and I could hear a few people talking but I don't know if any of them saw us. The Scottish girls room light went on and then off after a few seconds but I couldn't see them looking towards us.
Tuesday July 6 - Another night when we kept getting woken up. When we did get up Jon slammed our bathroom door lots of times.
Jon decided that we were going to Ses Salines again but he decided that it best not to try the sarong 'falling off' trick again so soon. He told me to wear my short sarong skirt and crop top. I tied the skirt at the side but Jon pulled the knot round so that it was right in front of my pussy. It was only the ends dangling down that were stopping people from seeing everything I'd got. In the café having breakfast the waiter kept looking at my lap. I don't think that he could see my pussy even though I could see the top of my bald pubic bone with just a hint of the top of my slit.
Both bus trips were uneventful and as we were walking through the long car park to the beach we stopped for a drink and Jon told me to take my top off and we walked the rest of the way with me topless. No one seemed to notice.
We had another very relaxing day soaking up the sun and cooling down in the lovely sea. In the middle of the afternoon Jon put a pair of his mesh undies on and I put just the short sarong skirt on and we went to a beach bar for something to eat. As we were queuing to be served we were stood in front of a table with a youngish couple on it. The woman was staring at Jon's dick and the man was staring at my crotch. When I looked down I saw that the knot in my sarong was a little off-centre and the man must have had a great view of my pussy, rings and chain. I got all damp just thinking about it. That sounds a bit strange cos I'd just spent a couple of hours laying on a sun lounger with my legs wide open and not got wet. It must have been the excitement of it not being intentional.
We went for another long naked walk in the woods. This time we ended-up near the part of the beach that has a lot of gays on it. As we walked through the sand dunes we say 2 gay couples having sex. Jon wouldn't let me stop and watch them. He said that he felt like throwing-up. Back near our 'base' we saw a 'normal' couple with the woman riding the man. That sight gave Jon a hard-on and he pulled me deeper into the woods and fucked me doggy style. I'm sure I saw someone watching us at one point but the odd voyeur was the last thing on my mind as Jon shot his load into me. I didn't cum.
Back on the sun lounger both our juices were slowly running out of me as I lay on my back with my feet on the sand on either side of the sun lounger.
Early evening we went for a long swim before heading back through the long car park to the bus stop. Jon only had his vest on and me my short sarong skirt (with knot on my pubic bone) right until we got to the bus stop. Then while we were right in the middle of the crowd waiting for the bus Jon told me to put my top back on.
The bus driver gave me a funny look as we gave him our return tickets. On the journey into Ibiza Town we couldn't get any seats and we had to stand holding a strap hanging down from the roof. I was using my right hand and my top had ridden right up over my right breast. There was a young(ish) woman stood in front of me (facing me) and she spent most of the journey with her face just inches from my breast. When it had first 'popped' out I noticed a smile appear on her face. When she kept staring at it my nipples went all hard.
The rest of the journey back to the hotel was uneventful until about half way through San Antonio when Jon told me to slip into a doorway and take my top off. I had to walk the rest of the way back to the hotel topless. You should have seen the faces of the youths in the hotel reception area. I felt nervous, but proud.
Didn't see anything of the Scottish girls but I did see a head looking down on us as we watched the world go by on our balcony (naked) before going out later. Before we did go out that evening Jon used the body paint to give me some knickers. Two little triangles, one at the top of my bum cheeks and the other at the top of my slit. He also painted some knicker elastic on me in the form of a 1-inch band joining the triangles. It was then on with the see-through sarong, tied in a knot just to the side of my right breast.
I didn't feel at all nervous as we went out but I thought I was going to get arrested at one point as 2 unpleasant looking policewomen walked towards us. One looked me up and down but then ignored me. My little heart was pounding. Having said all that, there were loads of girls with see-through dresses with very small thongs showing so I guess that I looked as if I was wearing no less than them. To be truthful I never noticed anyone looking at me and no one seemed to realise that I was virtually naked. In one noisy, dark bar, Jon finger fucked me until I came. I was stood facing the bar and Jon had his back to the bar on my right so it was easy for him to go in the side of my sarong and get at my pussy.
Wednesday July 7 - Somehow we managed to sleep late and it was 9 o'clock before we went to a café for some breakfast. We were both wearing just our vests and Jon had his wallet with him. After breakfast Jon decided that we would go for a long walk around the streets and have a bit of fun 'dropping' his wallet. He flashed 3 lots of girls and I flashed 2 lots of lads before Jon decided that we should go and get our stuff and go to the beach. The reactions from the 'victims' was quite mixed. Jon said that one of the lads that I flashed even looked embarrassed.
Jon wore just his vest and I had to wear my see-through sarong with bikini bottoms to beach. I felt a bit strange having something cover my pussy. The sarong was just tucked in and Jon helped it fall off as we walked to the boat to Cala Conte. As we were getting onto the boat I'm sure that a woman got a glimpse of Jon's dick because I saw her eyes open wide and her jaw drop.
It was a bit difficult keeping my sarong covering me as we sat next to each other on the boat. The breeze kept trying to blow it to one side. I did notice one teenage girl, sat opposite us, staring at Jon's lap. As Jon was lounging back on the bench, his knees not together, I guess that she would have been looking at everything that he'd got. As soon as we got off the boat Jon told me to remove the sarong and walk to the car park topless. When we got to the car park my bikini bottoms came off as well (and so did Jon's vest) and we walked through the car park and down the cliff to the nuddies beach naked.
Had another very quiet day on the beach and in the sea until it came to time to go. Jon told me to wear only the see-through sarong. He told me to follow him onto the boat and to hold my bag in front of me until I sat down. When we got back to San Antonio I did the same trick getting off the boat, but this time Jon followed me. It was nice walking through town virtually naked with no one taking any notice of me. In fact people were taking more notice of a couple of girls that were wearing bikinis with T-back bottoms.
As we were walking passed a café one girl in a group of 'happy' girls and youths shouted at Jon,
"Hey mate - you should tuck your vest into your shorts." J
on stopped, turned and we walked back to the girls. Before any of them could say anything Jon said,
"I would if I was wearing any."
The same girl said (in a very dis-believing tone),
"Oh yeah, prove it!"
Jon looked round then with one hand he pulled the bottom of his vest up to his waist. With his other hand he pulled my sarong off me. There were screams and laughter as all the girls turned and saw Jon's shaved dick and balls and a naked me. He waited about 20 seconds before dropping the bottom of his vest and giving me my sarong that I quickly put back round me. There were all sorts of comments coming from the girls, ranging from,
"dirty bastard" through to, "nice one mate."
One lad said,
"what the hell's that on her pussy?"
Jon had a big grin on his face right until we got back to the hotel.
When we got back to the hotel we saw that 2 English girls had replaced the 2 Scottish girls. Also, in the room below them, were a young boy and girl (18 ish). John reckoned that it was their first holiday away from home. They'd moved their beds under the window and we could see them making love, naked, on the beds. The girl was kneeling either side of the boy and riding him quite quickly.
Something made her look out and see someone (may have been me or Jon (although we were being quiet), or it could have been someone in the room below us); because she decided to close the curtains in their room. Still impaled on the boy's dick, she reached up and pulled the curtains closed. When the show ended Jon said,
"There's nothing quite like seeing a girl naked and on her knees with them spread wide and her arms stretched up."
Perhaps that's why the position that I have to get into when Jon says,
"assume the position"
is very much like that. I guess that turned Jon on a bit because he joined me in the shower and fucked me till be both came.
When one of the English girls first saw us walking around our room naked she dodged behind a curtain and I could hear her saying,
"Hey Becky, come and have a look at this."
The next thing I heard was,
"What you on about?" and then a gasp.
We both ignored them but I kept getting quick views of both of them trying to look at us without it being obvious. In the end Jon stood at our window and said,
"It's alright you 2, if you want to look then do so, it doesn't bother us."
A few seconds later Becky came to the window and said,
"Hi, I didn't think that you'd want to know that someone could see you."
Jon replied, "We don't care, we're both naturists and it doesn't bother us in the least."
Becky's mate (Sam) slowly emerged and we had a long chat about the weather, the beaches and where to find the nightlife. By the time we'd finished talking I think that they were quite relaxed about our nudity, and later on, as they were getting ready to 'hit the town', I saw Becky walking around their room naked as well.
When we went out I just wore my lacy net dress, my collar and Ben. I guess that my lack of pubic hair helped cos no one seemed to realise that I was naked under my lacy see-through dress, although Jon did change our direction when we were walking down one street and we saw a couple of policemen coming the other way.
Ben made it difficult for us to go far and I came twice before we'd even found somewhere to eat. While we were looking for somewhere to have a drink we saw this bar that was on the first floor and it has a balcony. There were quite a number of people on it and I lost count of the number of girls with short shirts who may or may not have realised that everyone on the street below could see either their knickers or their pussies. With it being dark it wasn't too easy to tell, but both Jon and me reckoned that at least 2 of the girls weren't wearing knickers or thongs.
San Antonio really is like Ibiza Town when it comes to 'anything goes' as far as clothes are concerned. We saw people in all sorts of weird outfits and a couple of men that looked almost reasonable dressed as girls. On the way back to our hotel we saw one couple having sex in a doorway. She was up against the wall and his trousers were round his ankles. He had a nice tight butt.
I really did enjoy going out that night. I was naked apart from a see-through dress and no one appeared to take a blind bit of notice. Okay, I got the odd person looking at me who was obviously thinking 'Is she, isn't she?' but in general no one realised. I suppose that fact that I have no pubic hair helped a bit and I'm sure that my Ben Wa balls had something to do with it; but I felt daring and excited all the time that we were out. I came about 6 times before we eventually got back to the hotel. I was knackered but that didn't stop Jon wanting to fuck me as I leaned over the balcony. It's a nice feeling being fucked only a few feet from people who just might look up and see what you're doing. In a way I was surprised that no one did as I was moaning and grunting a bit as Jon thrust into me.
Thursday July 8 - That morning Jon put some shorts on (first time during the day since we arrived there) and left me while he went and hired a car. As soon as he got back we both put just our vests on, packed out stuff for the day and went out. When we got into the car Jon took his vest off and told me to take mine off. He said that we were going to be naked in the car all the time and would only pull our vests onto our laps when a policeman or some oldies looked as if they were looking in. We were sat in a parked car, naked, in the middle of a busy town. I could see that things were going to get interesting.
We drove to the outskirts of San Antonio and to be honest no one even seemed to look inside the car. People seemed to see the car but never looked inside. By the time that we parked outside a café and put our vests back on I was starting to get relaxed about driving round naked. In the café the waitress got a bit of a surprise when she brought our food, Jon had turned round and was looking at something and his vest had ridden-up displaying all his dick and balls. I'd realised but didn't say anything to Jon (maybe he knew). Instead I just watched the waitress' face which was a picture. First shock then a smile.
She took ages lifting things of her tray and onto the table and all the time her eyes kept looking back to Jon. When Jon turned back she stopped looking at Jon and went a bit red. She looked at me and I smiled and licked my lips as I looked straight at her. She hurried off but I could see her talking to another waitress and the other girl kept looking over to us.
When it came to time to pay it was girl number 2 that gave us the bill and her eyes were firmly focused on Jon's lap. When I told him he said that she'd get a surprise when she brought the change. Her eyes really opened wide when she saw his knees open and a semi laying down his leg.
As we walked back to the car his dick was having real trouble staying under his vest and by the time we got into the car he had a full erection sticking out of the front of his vest. I don't thing that anyone saw it. As soon as we took our vests off and started moving Jon told me to do something about it with my mouth.
We drove round the island for most of the day only stopping twice. The first time was for Jon to take some photographs of me, naked, on top of the car, with a nice view of the sea and an island in the background. It was a bit painful on the car because of the heat of the metal and I was glad when we'd finished.
The second time that we stopped was at a little café in the middle of nowhere for some lunch. Jon just put his long vest on and he told me to put just my bikini skirt on. The locals took me being topless in their stride but there were some other holidaymakers in there that couldn't stop looking at us. Some of them left at the same time as us and Jon told me to make a big show of taking my little skirt off and showing that that I was climbing into the car naked. Jon did the same. They all watched us as we drove off waving at them.
At one point late afternoon we ended up in Ibiza Town. I was nervous at us driving through it naked but Jon just said,
"keep cool, and keep your eyes open for policemen."
We drove all round the town naked, even stopping at traffic lights in busy streets and no one appeared to notice us. That was until we stopped at a street corner where a gang of young teenagers (boys and girls) were hanging out. One of them spotted us and told all their mates. They came up to the car and had a real good look before the traffic let us out. I was tempted to try to cover-up but Jon said,
"No, just keep your cool and we'll be ok" and we were.
Back at the hotel we showered and eventually sat on the balcony. As we were moving around our room I saw Becky and Sam and said
"Hi."
Sam was only wearing a thong and a bra but Becky had only a thong on. At one point when I looked over and saw 2 lads in there with them. Becky was still topless and one of the lads was looking over at me and Jon (naked as usual). I have to admit standing and giving a full frontal with my legs about a foot apart as I pretended to read a little piece of paper. I don't know if it did anything for him but I went a little damp. We had a quiet night in a bar just round the corner from the hotel. I wore just my bikini skirt and a bikini top. Jon fastened it for me and deliberately fastened it loosely so that it kept slipping of my boobs. Jon just wore a T-shirt.
Friday July 9 - Got up at 4 o'clock and drove to the beach. It was still dark and when we got there, there was a whole bunch of 'happy' teenagers going skinny-dipping. Jon decided that we'd join them and we took our T-shirts off and went in near them. Most of them didn't last long before they got out and disappeared, but 2 girls were still in the sea when we got out. It was just starting to get light and Jon decided to have a bit of fun. After we'd got dried and dressed Jon picked up their clothes and put them in the boot of our car and we drove off round the corner and parked the car off the road. We then walked back and hid so that we'd be able to see their reaction when they got out and couldn't find their clothes.
The sun was coming up when they finally got out and went to where their clothes had been. We couldn't hear what they were saying but it was funny watching them search all over. After 2 or 3 minutes a local arrived on a tractor and started cleaning the beach. The 2 girls didn't take much notice of him apart from when he drove near them and they tried to hide behind a stack of sun loungers. After about 10 minutes they started walking towards the road. We let them pass us then put our T-shirts in the car boot and then got in. When the girls were out of sight we drove down towards them.
When they saw us coming they waved at us to stop us. It was quite funny really. They were waving to stop us and at the same time trying to cover their boobs and pubes. They both had boobs a lot bigger than mine (that wouldn't be difficult) and one of them was shaved as well. You should have seen their faces when we stopped and got out - naked.
Jon asked them what they wanted and with their hands strategically placed they told us what had happened. Jon asked them where they were going and they said San Antonio. I don't know how they were expecting to get there at that time of the morning, even if they'd had their clothes.
Jon said that we were going there and offered to give them a lift. One of them said,
"dressed like that!"
Jon ignored her and told them to get in. Jon drove them back to their hotel but he took a very round about route through everywhere that had people out and about. Both the girls sat there with one hand covering their boobs and the other on their laps. Both Jon and myself tried to get them talking but neither of them would say much.
When we finally got to their hotel Jon parked round the corner and one of the girls said,
"Right, now we've got to get a key from reception and up to our room. Jon got out to let them get out and said,
"I'd offer to help, but look at me, I'm sure that I'd get arrested, but no one's going to arrest you 2 lovelies."
As they got out I could see them looking at Jon's dick and at the same time I was getting a good look at their pussies as they bent over to get out of Jon's side of the car.
Just as they started walking towards their hotel Jon opened the boot and called them back. By the time they got back Jon had put their clothes on the road and was back in the car. As we were driving off I could see them putting their dresses on. When I was putting our bags into the car later I found 2 pairs of knickers. I left them there and guessed that Jon would leave them there as well. Perhaps someone at the car hire company will have a use for them. When we parked outside our hotel we put our long T-shirts on and went to our room and got ready to go out for the day.
That day we walked to a café nearby for breakfast before going to the beach. Jon decided that I was only taking my see-through sarong with me that day and I'd tied it on the outside of my right breast. As we were walking into the café I accidentally (honest) caught it on one of the wooden chairs. It didn't come off but it certainly pulled it wide-open revealing everything but my left breast. Jon burst out laughing and I swore but all that did was draw people's attention to me. There were a few customers and a couple of waiters that all got a great view of my body. I couldn't have done a better job if I'd planned it.
I'd taken the sarong off and Jon had taken his vest off as soon as we got back into the car and when we arrived at Ses Salines Jon said that we were leaving ALL our clothes (except shoes) in the car. Just to make things worse, Jon parked the car at the back of the car park so we had to walk, naked, right through the car park before we got into the cover of the trees. On the beach we got some sun loungers and settled in for long beautiful day of soaking up the sun. As usual, when I lay on my back I want to get the insides of my legs tanned so I lie with my legs wide open and my feet on the sand. It was a different younger man who came asking for money for hire of sun loungers and he squatted down at the bottom of my sun lounger when he asked for the money. I had my sunglasses on and as Jon was getting the money out I could see the man staring at my pussy. His staring turned me on a bit and I'm sure that he would have been able to see my juices coming out cos they certainly felt like they were flowing fast.
Early afternoon Jon decided that he wanted us to go for a walk, but this time he wanted to go along the water's edge right along where the unfortunate people who keep some clothes on were. This worried me a bit as I'd seen a policeman walking up and down the beach and I for one didn't want to get arrested. When I asked Jon about the policeman he told me not to worry, he'd seen him and all we had to do was to time it so that we set off just after he'd passed us going the opposite way. Jon said that if we saw him coming towards us when we were coming back then we'd just have to suddenly go for a swim.
We waited until the right moment then set off. Once we were in the middle of the 'clothed' part we got lots of people staring at us and I saw a few people nudge other people and tell them to look. One teenage lad even got up and came to the water's edge to look at me (presumably) close up. It felt good and I could feel my juices leaking out of me. About half way back Jon suddenly grabbed my arm and pulled me into the sea and down on my back.
When I looked up I saw the policeman but I guess that he hadn't seen us cos he just kept walking. When he'd gone we got out and continued back to our sun loungers.
Later on I was getting very hot and asked Jon if he was going for a swim. He said he wasn't but told me to go. I was in the sea for ages really enjoying myself. Some of the time I was laying half in and half out of the water watching the people who were walking up and down the water's edge right next to me. Needless to say my legs were wide-open most of the time and I even saw the policeman having a good look at me. I wasn't worried about that as just about all of the people around me were naked.
When I finally decided that I'd had enough I got up and went back to the sun loungers. Jon had gone. All I could find was my shoes and a note saying 'meet me at the car.' I was going to have to walk through the woods and the car park, naked, all on my own. I wasn't worried when I was with Jon but I was nervous about doing it on my own.
After a couple of minutes thinking about it and probably making things worse, I put my shoes on and set off. No problem on the beach but when I went up the back into the dunes and trees I felt like I was being watched. I was glad when I got to a path and saw a couple (man and woman) walking towards me. Putting a brave face on I walked straight passed them, only to see a group of men following them. They stopped talking when they saw me and stopped and stared at me as I went passed them. Round the next corner was the car park but there were lots of people there. Thinking that it was probably worse to stay in the woods, I walked out and into the car park. To keep to the most direct route I had to climb over a wire fence and when I got one leg over the wire went straight up into my pussy. That made the feeling of nervous excitement worse and when I'd got my other leg over I looked back and saw my juices on the wire.
Straight on, through the mopeds and motorcycles and then the cars I went. People were really staring at me. When I got to where I thought the car was there was no sign of it or Jon. All those little white cars looked the same to me. I searched round for what seemed like a lifetime, all the time people were staring at me. I was starting to get worried with visions of having to walk back to San Antonio. That wouldn't have bothered me too much, so long as Jon had been with me, but on my own ..
All of a sudden I turned round and there was Jon, naked as well. I was so relieved that I ran to him and gave him a big hug.
"Careful," he said, "you'll give me a hard-on."
I reached down and gave his dick a gentle squeeze. The response was immediate, his dick was pointing to the sky. He grabbed my arm and pulled me to our car which was only a few yards away, opened the passenger door, sat down and said,
"On that!"
I climbed in and knelt either side of his thighs (facing him) and lowered myself down onto his dick. It wasn't long before I came and then a couple of minutes later I came again, just as Jon came. As we were coming back down a couple of men walked down the side of the car and looked in. They must have realised what we were doing.
As we were driving back to San Antonio Jon told me that he'd been watching me all the time that I'd been walking back from the beach. He hadn't really expected me to come to any harm, but he'd kept an eye on me just in case.
I put my sarong on and Jon put his vest on after we'd parked the car. Jon told me to just tuck the sarong in, not to tie a knot. When I got out of the car I saw a big wet patch on my seat where our juices had been leaking out of me. As we walked towards the hotel Jon told me to 'catch' my sarong on the hotel door frame. I was a bit nervous cos I'd no idea who would be in the reception area. It worked perfectly and I was left standing there, naked, in front of a group of 2 youths and a group of 3 girls as well as an old man on reception.
The girls all saw me and at least 1 of them gasped. One of the youth saw me and I saw him nudging his mate as they all watched me slowly squat down to pick the sarong up, then take my time putting it back on. The man on reception never even looked up from his desk.
As we were going up the stairs to our room Jon pulled the sarong off and said,
"Not much point in having that on."
Becky and Sam were walking along the corridor as we turned on to it. When we got close Becky said,
"Walk like that outside as well do you?"
Jon replied, "As often as possible, you want to try it."
There was no reply.
We had a shower and a nap on our beds because we were going to Ibiza Town that night. I wore just my lacy see-through dress and shoes when we went out, but as usual Jon had me take it off before we got into the car for the drive to he other side of the island. When we got there we parked, then got dressed, then walked down to the harbour area. It was very much the same as it was when we went there last year with everything from smartly dressed people to transvestites, from people wearing less than me to people who looked like they were ready to go to the North Pole, from cheap junk shops to bloody expensive shops, from cheap fast food joints to expensive restaurants. An amazing place! We wandered around for a while before getting some food and then looking for a bar.
We came across Gropers Bar again and went in. It was crowded and it wasn't long before it lived up to its name, a hand was sliding up my leg as we stood at the bar waiting to get served. It stopped when it encountered my chain and rings but then continued and a finger went in me just as Jon passed me my drink and motioned for us to move to a corner. When I walked away the hand caught my chain and hurt me a bit.
The corner was crowded with a group of girls as well as some men. We ended up near the girls and I thought that that was the end of my fun, but I was wrong. It wasn't long before another hand was on my bum - under my dress and slowly moving towards my pussy. I looked around and although it was dark in there, the hand could only have belonged to a woman. I opened my legs a bit and enjoyed the experience as I tried to talk to Jon. It was difficult because of the noise but from the way he was leaning down I guessed that he was doing a bit of groping as well.
The hand was very skilled at handling pussies and it wasn't long before I was cumming. I think that the fact that I didn't know whose hand it was made it even more exciting. After I came I decided that I was going to have a piece of the action and I let my hand wander onto the chest of a woman that was sat close by. At first she tensed-up then had a look at me. I smiled at her and felt her body relax. She wasn't wearing a bra and it wasn't long before I was squeezing and pulling one of her nipples. It was quite hard and I was just getting her breathing heavily when Jon pulled me away. I was a bit disappointed when Jon pulled me out onto the street.
We wandered around some more and even went to look at the big cruise ship and some sort of navy ship that was there. Jon seemed to find in interesting. After that Jon decided that he'd had enough and we walked back towards the car. It was about 2 in the morning and the place was still very lively. At the end of the street where our car was Jon told me to take my dress off and I had to walk back to it naked. Fortunately we only saw one young couple (a male and a female) and they were more interested in themselves than what was going on around them.
San Antonio was still heaving as we drove through and back to our hotel. Jon had threatened to not let me put my dress on when we got out of the car but he didn't say anything as I put it on so it stayed on until we got to our room. Not that the see-through dress was covering much, but at first glance I looked quite normal.
Saturday July 10 - Usual noise overnight but I did manage to get enough sleep. This was our last day and Jon wanted to get as much sun as possible. We put just our vests on and went and had some breakfast at a café down the road. The waiter was a young man and Jon told me to make sure that he could see lots of my body so when I sat down I pulled the vest up at the back and down at the front. This meant that the 1-inch straps were over my nipples. I wouldn't take much for them to 'pop out' if I turned to one side. It also meant that the vest was bunched-up on my lap so I grabbed as much as I could and pulled it to either side. My bald pubes were now showing but in pulling the vest my right nipple popped out. I pretended not to notice as the waiter took our order. I looked at him as I gave him my order and it was obvious where he was looking.
We were still watching the world go by with my right nipple getting plenty of fresh air as the waiter served our breakfast. Poor man nearly tipped our tea all over the floor. When he came back to get his money I was laying back in the chair, I'd covered my nipple but with my legs slightly apart the waiter was eyeing the bits of gold between my legs. He had a bulge in his trousers so I said,
"You should really wear something more comfortable."
I don't know if he understood what I'd said, or what I meant, but he didn't say anything.
We took our vests of just before getting into the car and the 2 girls that were passing just stopped and stared as we drove off. There were hardly any cars at Ses Salines when we got there so we were able to park under the trees nearest the beach. Again we left all our clothes in the car and walked naked to the beach. We got a couple of sun-loungers and settled in for a beautiful long day soaking up the rays. The difference that day was that we'd settled on sun loungers just inside the clothed area and it wasn't long before we were surrounded by unfortunate people who wanted to go home with some white bits. There was one couple who stripped off when they saw us. I was half expecting the policeman who walks up and down the beach to move us on but we never saw him.
Three times during the day Jon sent me back to the car for something. By the time it came to us leaving the beach I thought nothing about walking to the car park naked. I had been nervous being on my own with people staring at me the first time but that wore off as the day went on. I was feeling a bit sad when we finally drove away from there I hope Jon takes me back there one day.
We put our vests back on again and drove back to San Antonio. Just on the outskirts Jon told me to put my vest on and we drove to the car hire place. Jon gave them the keys and we walked back to the hotel. As we turned the corner after reception Jon said,
"Right off with the vests, we're going to risk it."
As we walked up onto the second floor there was a couple of girls and youths coming down. We got a few of the usual comments from them but the best was as we walked along our corridor when a nice hunk of a man asked if I wanted to go to his room with him.
Jon just said, "Cheeky sod."
Becky and Sam were in their room when we got into ours, they were leaning out of their window and talking to some blokes in the room below us. They said 'Hi' when they saw us and just carried on talking. I saw that they were both topless and their big tits were hanging over the edge of the window as they talked. The blokes below must have been able to look up and see 4 boobs staring down at them.
After a shower Jon was feeling randy and I had to ride him on my bed near the window. I was going up and down on him when I saw a couple looking down on us from the room above Becky and Sam's. I waved at them but and the man smiled but they didn't look away. After we had both cum I got off Jon and cleaned his dick and balls with my tongue. I did this with my backside facing the window and my knees apart.
When I'd finished I lay on my back with my legs open and looked out of the window. Not only were the couple still looking at us but I saw Becky as well. Our eyes met and she smiled and said,
"Hard work was that?"
"No, he's gone soft now but it was great while it lasted" I said.
Jon looked up and saw Becky and said,
"You can sample it if you want."
Beck just smiled and turned and walked. It was then that I saw that she was naked as well.
When we finally got up I looked over to Becky and Sam's room and saw them both at it in the 69 position with each other. You just never can tell whose bi these days.
We sat on the balcony until about 11 o'clock and then went out for some food and a drink. Jon told me to wear my bikini skirt and white bikini top. He told me to fasten it so lose that it wouldn't take much for it to slide off my boobs. He went out wearing just a T-shirt and shoes.
We ate in the KFC - upstairs. Two 'happy' youths followed us up the stairs and I heard one of them say to his mate,
"She isn't wearing any fucking knickers. I've just seen her pussy and she's got a chain hanging from her cunt."
Halfway though our chicken and chips one of them came over to us and said (in a very slurred voice),
"Excuse me mate, my mate reckons that your woman has a chain hanging from her cunt. Is that right!"
Jon looked at me, smiled, looked back at the youth and said,
"Go get your mate, I'll show you."
When they both got back Jon told me to get off the stool, take my skirt off and get back on the stool with my knees wide apart. My bikini top slipped off my right boob as I got back on but I didn't do anything about it. The youths unsteadily bent over and had a long stare at my pussy and its jewellery. As they were doing that I could feel their eyes burning into my pussy and my juices started to flow. I could feel my lips swell and part and my clit get harder. I'd swear that if they'd stayed there that close for much longer then I'd have cum and squirted one on them in the face.
Jon had been enjoying it all and so had the young couple at the other side of the room. I could see a bulge appearing in his shorts. As Jon told me to get down and put my skirt back on I realised that the windows went right down to the floor. I haven't a clue how many people out on the street saw me.
As the youth stumbled down the stairs I heard one of them say,
"Fucking told you." And then, "That's nearest you'll get to a pussy tonight."
We went into the bar that has a first floor balcony (can't remember its name) and Jon took me upstairs onto that balcony. We both leaned on the railings and watched the hoards of youngsters stagger by. At one point I heard a lot of giggling below us and looked down to see a group of about 4 or 5 girls looking up at us. They'd obviously seen either Jon's dick, or my pussy, or both.
Jon took me for a walk down by the harbour and we sat on one of those concrete seats and watched all the people in the cafés and the square. I've never seen a place that's so busy at that time in a morning.
We walked back to the hotel the long quiet way and Jon took my bikini top and skirt off me as soon as we were alone in the street. I'd walked about 300 yards naked before a car came the opposite way. Jon said,
"Just keep walking."
When the car got close its horn started sounding and some youth started shouting at me.
"Ignore them."
Jon said and we went round the corner to our hotel.
As we walked in the old man on reception stared at us. Jon just said,
"someone stole her clothes."
The man didn't say anything and we went up to our room. In the room I saw that Becky and Sam were in and they had a couple of men with them. Becky and Sam were wearing just bras and knickers and the lads what looked like boxer shorts. Jon said that he wondered if they'd just had, or were just about to have, an orgy. He said that he didn't care (good luck to them were his actual words) and he put the light off and we went to sleep.
Sunday July 11 - The day we came home. We didn't have to be at the airport until 9 o'clock and we'd got up early. We put our vests on and went to a café for some breakfast. We went to the same one that we'd been to the previous day and the same waiter was there. Jon told me that as we wouldn't be going back there I was to sit with my knees open and to slide forward in the chair. Jon also told me to slide the straps of my vest over so that a nipple was just showing. When the waiter came over to take our order he just couldn't take his eyes off me.
We finally made it through breakfast and then Jon told me that we were going for a walk to see how many people we could 'accidentally' flash using the dropping the wallet trick. In about 30 minutes we got 2 groups of youths and 3 groups of girls just going back to their hotel after their night out and 3 Spanish teenage girls. The reaction of one of the Spanish girls was good, when she saw Jon's dick she stopped walking and after a gasp, she just stood there staring and licking her lips. One of the lads said,
"Let's have a look at your tits as well,"
so Jon lifted my vest right up to my neck for a few seconds. I got a little tingle in my pussy as he did that.
We went to the airport on 2 different buses and Jon told me to wear my non see-through sarong and to just tuck it in so that I could get it 'caught' as I walked down the bus. He wore just a T-shirt. As it turned out we had to run to catch the bus in San Antonio and the sarong came off on its own. When it did I shouted to Jon who was in front of me. He looked round and said,
"keep going."
The sarong was wrapped round my left arm and the bag that I was carrying in my left hand. I had another bag in my right hand so I couldn't do anything about it. I must have run about a hundred yards like that with lots of people looking at me. I finally managed to put the sarong back on just before I got onto the bus. As I walked down the aisle in the bus a man said,
"Very nice love."
We sat at the back of the bus and got our breath back. Jon followed me onto the bus from Ibiza Town to the airport and he trapped my sarong against a seat back. The inevitable happened and I walked the last half of the bus in the nude. There were only a couple of teenage Spanish girls in the back half of the bus and they just stared and giggled.
We checked-in and then went to the toilets to get changed. Jon told me to wear Ben and my denim dungarees dress with nothing under it. As the bib of the dress only just covers the front of my boobs I could see that a few people were going to catch a glimpse of them. When we went though to the departure lounge we had to go through a security check. When I walked through the archway the alarm sounded (Ben and / or my jewellery). The man looked at me and motioned for me to go through it again. This time when the alarm went off the man came over to me and indicated that he wanted me to fold my arms out from my body. As he was running his 'magnifying glass' over me Jon said something. Because Jon was behind me I turned my body to face him. As I was turning I suddenly remembered what I was wearing. My right boob came out of the dungarees bib and when I turned back the security man had stopped moving and was staring at my boob. Silly man was going red in the face and when I pulled my dress straight he just waved me on.
In the departure lounge the only chairs that we could find that were free were some very low down ones. As I sat down I realised that I was in the perfect position for anyone passing to look up (or should I say down) my dress and see my pussy and jewellery. I have to admit that a couple of times when a smart looking man came passed I opened my knees a bit. Ben was making me feel randy.
Eventually we got on the plane and away, and it wasn't long before I was regretting wearing Ben. I'd forgotten about the effects that the constant vibrations of the aeroplane have and it wasn't long before I started to cum. Jon told me to lift the back of the dress up so that it wasn't under my pussy. He said that he didn't want me showing a wet patch on the back of my dress to everyone as we got off. I came twice more before we landed 2 hours later. Each time it had been a slow build-up to the orgasm which I tried to hide. The first one was just as the flight attendant was serving the breakfasts. My face was all red and I was straining and biting my lip so that I didn't let out a moan or scream. The woman asked me if I was okay but I was in no fit state to answer so Jon told her that I was.
When I came the second time the woman on the other side of me to Jon asked me if there was anything that she could do to help me. When we got up to get of the plane the woman noticed the wet patch on my seat and gave me a very sympathetic look and said,
"You'll soon be home."
I'm sure that she thought I was ill and had peed on the seat.
Going through customs and collecting our luggage was a bit of an ordeal as well. I had to take it very slowly. We got a taxi home and no sooner than I'd taken our bags upstairs and taken my dress off Jon told me that I'd screwed-up the video recording and that it hadn't been recording the British Grand Prix from Silverstone. He was mad and he took it out of my backside. I had to lean over the arm of the sofa while he gave me 50 slaps with his hand. I'm sure that hurt his hand because it certainly hurt me. He then took me outside and strapped me face up on to the scaffolding frame.
Trevor arrived late afternoon to cut the grass and you should have seen his face when he saw me. He turned the corner and was stood at my feet. I pretended not to see him but I was sneaking a look with half closed eyes. I was thinking about the last time that I'd been tied onto the scaffolding frame and the grass was being cut. Jon still won't tell me if it was him or Trevor that used the remote vibe on me but the look on Trevor's face when he saw me then made me think that it was Jon before. As I was thinking about that I felt my pussy tingle and get wet.
Trevor stood there for a few seconds then moved closer and bent down to have a closer look at my pussy. I let him have a good look then said,
"Hi, just topping-up my sun tan, just ignore me and get on with the grass will you."
The poor lad jumped and went all bright red before finally saying,
"Err yes, OK" and he went off towards the garage.
When he came back with the lawn mower he came over and asked me if I was OK. I told him that I was and that it was quite comfortable lying there. I could see his eyes moving from my breasts to my pussy and I could feel that tingling and my juices starting to flow. Just to keep him looking at me I asked him if he could get me a drink of water from the kitchen. He went off and when he came back he stood next to me and held it out for me. I looked at him and then at the glass and said,
"Slight technical problem Trevor, can you hold it to my mouth please."
He looked at my face then said,
"Oh yes, sorry"
and put the glass to my mouth. When I stopped drinking I said,
"Trevor, do you think that you could do me another favour please, could you get the sun tan lotion off the kitchen table and rub some on me please?"
He didn't answer but went away and came back with the lotion and just stood beside me again.
"Can you start with my arms and legs please," I said.
He started with my arms then went to my legs. As he was slowly moving up my legs I was enjoying the feelings and I know my pussy lips were swollen and gaping open. I was thinking, 'what must this young man be thinking. He was rubbing sun tan lotion onto a naked woman who was spread-eagle and tied down to a big frame.' The bulge in his shorts told me part of what he was thinking but I would like to have known the rest.
Trevor had stopped well short of my pussy, so I said,
"Can you do right up to the top of my legs then my body please?"
He stared again and slowly and gently moved up to the tops of my legs. He didn't touch my pussy but he got close enough to touch one of my rings. When that happened I shuddered a bit and moaned a bit. I wanted him to know that I was enjoying it, but not too much.
All of a sudden he stopped working on my legs and moved up to my shoulders then down the sides of my body to my stomach. When I decided that he probably wasn't intending doing my breasts I said,
"Can you do my breasts as well please, they get sun-burned as well."
There was a little hesitation then his hands gently moved back up and onto my right breast first. As his fingers touched my nipple it went even harder. I let out another little moan and said,
"That's nice, keep doing that."
My nipples were so hard that they were hurting. A nice hurt that was running all the way down to my pussy.
The lad was good and after a while he started pulling on my nipples a bit. That sent bolts of pleasure right down to my pussy and I moaned even loader. When he eventually moved down my body to my stomach I said,
"That was nice, can you do the rest of my body please?"
When he started doing round my pussy I said,
"Can you do ALL round there please?"
There was no way that I wanted him to miss massaging my pussy. I could feel an orgasm building inside me.
As he was rubbing lotion on my stomach I could feel Ben moving slightly inside me. He was stood between my legs and he stopped for a few seconds before starting rubbing the lotion onto my bald pubes. His hand started going lower until I gasped as he touched my clit. It was already making its presence known and when Trevor touched it, it started throbbing. Trevor's hand started rubbing all over all of my pussy. It didn't take him long to get a finger inside me and I started cumming. As I started Trevor stopped but I didn't want him to stop and I told him so. As I started to come down from my high I looked up to the bedroom window and saw Jon looking down at us with a smile on his face. My moans and gasps must have been loud enough to disturb him.
Trevor made me cum again before he stopped and just stared at me. When I looked at him he said,
"Why have you got those rings and that chain in your cunt?"
I smiled and said,
"Why not? Why do people wear earrings and studs in other parts of their bodies? I've seen men with rings in their foreskin. No seriously, I like them, they make me 'different' and I like people looking at them."
For a while Trevor didn't say anything, then he said,
"I like them too."
Just then there was a noise as Jon opened a window. Trevor said,
"I'd better get the grass cut."
And he walked off. As he came past me with the lawn mower I saw a bit wet patch on his shorts. It was 7 o'clock when Jon came and released and told me to go and take Ben out and have a shower. After that he told me to get this journal up to date. He also threatened to publish it on the Internet. I thought about that in bed that night. When Jon had said it my initial reaction was, 'Oh my god, everyone in the world will know what I've been doing, the shame, the embarrassment if someone recognises me.' In the end I finally decided that it would probably be my one and only chance for a little bit of fame. Who cares, I decided I'm happy with my life and why should I be ashamed about it. When I finally went to sleep I was quite happy with the idea.
Week commencing July 12
Not a very exciting week. The only interesting bit was that I saw an ad for a part-time hairdressing job. When I first started working for Jon I swore that I wouldn't go back to that, but for some reason the ad seemed to jump out at me.
When I told Jon about it he said, "go for it!"
The salon was in the middle of Derby and I went there on the Thursday. I was a bit nervous when the manager told me do a woman's hair for her.
I think that I managed to do a reasonable job and the manager seemed pleased. He then told me that the salon cut men's hair and did waxing - legs, armpits, bikini line etc. and he asked me if I had any problems with doing that. We didn't do any of those in that salon in Wales but I've been cutting Jon's hair for over a year now and he's been waxing more than my bikini line. The manager told me that they had a private room upstairs for doing the waxings and then asked me if I would be able to work on Fridays and Saturdays. I'd already discussed the possibility of this with Jon so I said okay. The manager then gave me on of their 'uniform' dresses and told me to be there at 9 o'clock the next morning.
The uniform was a white cotton dress that fastened all down the front with press-studs. I'd noticed that the ones that the other girls wore were slightly see-through as I'd been able to see the shapes and colours of bras and knickers. Wouldn't have that problem with me but it was a bit tight and a bit long. I couldn't do anything about it being tight but I shortened it (not as short as my own dresses - only to half way between my knees and my pussy) that evening. When I put it on my nipples were just visible when they were soft, I could see that I would get a few people staring at them when they got hard.
Friday - My first day cutting hair again was interesting but not really exciting. One of the young girls is quite cheeky with the other staff and she asked me why I wasn't wearing a bra. I said that my tits weren't big enough, that I didn't need one and that I never wore underwear. That seemed to shut her up but she kept looking at me. I think she was trying to see an outline of some knickers (VKL - visible knicker line as Jon calls it). I've noticed that with the uniform dress being so tight there is often a gap between some of the fasteners and that people can sometimes see some of my flesh.
Jon took me to the local pub for a drink that night. I had to wear my tight white lycra dress that shows my dark nipples through it even when they're soft. Before we went out Jon got 3 small rubber bands and put them on my nipples and clit. Not only did that mean that my nipples (more like bullets) were very visible but I was constantly being reminded that they were there. I definitely had to lift the back part of my dress up so that my pussy left the wet patch on the seat on not on my dress.
When we got home Jon wouldn't let me take the rubber bands off and after he'd fucked me and sent me to bed, I had dreams about big rubber dildos and rubber dresses.
Saturday July 17
Woke up with extremely wet legs and a big wet patch on the bed. The rubber bands were hurting and I was glad when Jon told me I could take them off.
Jon drove me to work and as I was getting out of the car the bottom 2 press-studs of the uniform dress popped open. There was no one around to see me but I made a mental note to be careful to not let it happen when I didn't want it to.
Late morning I had to cut a man's hair, he was about my age, very talkative and he obviously fancied himself and his chances. At one point when I was stood in front of him he put a hand on the inside of my leg and moved it up. He couldn't get far because of the tightness of the dress and the fact that I pulled away from him. Later I asked one of the girls if we got a lot in there like that.
She said, "a few."
The rest of the day was busy, but not exciting and I was tired when Jon picked me up.
It was a warm evening and we both sat outside in the back garden, naked, eating our tea. Later we put some clothes on, walked to the pub and had a couple of drinks in the beer garden before walking home. Jon was feeling randy and he took me the long way home through where they are still building houses. He took me into one half built house and fucked me on the bare staircase. As I was getting up I caught my chain on something and I screamed. It really hurt, but didn't draw blood fortunately. My pussy was still sore when I went to bed.
Sunday July 18
We went jogging in the morning and I was knackered. I don't know what got into Jon because he was off like a marathon runner. I had trouble keeping up with him. He'd told me to wear my tennis dress but I never got the chance to give anyone a pleasant surprise. The rest of the day was spent in the garden sunbathing and gardening. Trevor had been and cut the grass the day before and Jon hadn't told him where I was when he asked.
Week commencing July 19
Before he went to work on the Monday, Jon put the rubber bands on my nipples and clit again. He told me to leave them there all day and by the time I got to Tesco in the afternoon both my nipples and clit were throbbing. The pain and pleasure made my juices run and I'm sure that if anyone had looked at me closely then they'd have seen my juices down the insides of my thighs.
Walking around made it worse and in the end I came as I was coming home. I thought about using the fucking machine but it was too close to when Jon was due home. After tea he made me frig myself while lying spread-eagle on the back lawn. After he watched me cum he fucked me over the side of the scaffolding frame.
Friday - Got to work a bit early and so did the cheeky young girl. Her name's Debbie and we got talking. She's okay once you get to know her and as we both had our lunch breaks at the same time we went to the coffee house down the street together. The conversation got onto men and sex and she asked me if I was wearing any knickers (it was obvious that I wasn't wearing a bra). When I said that I wasn't she said that she thought not and that she wasn't either. I'd worked out that she wasn't wearing a bra but her uniform dress wasn't as tight as mine, nor was the material as thin and it was difficult to tell.
Debbie started telling me about what she called 'pussy power'. She'd only just got started when one of the other girls from the salon came in and joined us. We didn't get chance to talk about 'pussy power' again until just as we were leaving. She suggested that we get together for a good chat.
Nothing else exciting happened that day, other than that Jon took me to bed with him that night. He fucked me from behind before he went to sleep still inside me.
Saturday July 24
A busy day. Hardly got a chance to breathe but I did manage to have a quick chat with Debbie. We arranged for her to come round on the Monday for a chat.
Late in the afternoon I got told to wax a man's legs. I'd never heard of a man waxing his legs before and had to ask if I'd heard it right. When I saw the man it didn't surprise me, he looked and acted more like a woman that a lot of women do - very sweet.
When I took him upstairs and he took his trousers off I got a little shock. He was wearing some see-through women's knickers. I had trouble keeping a straight face because he looked so stupid. I did though, and it was even funnier when I ripped the wax strips off. The little effeminate whimpering was amazing and he got a little hard-on. I say little because it was, Jon's thumb is as big as his dick. Poor man.
That night Jon took me to country pub for a meal. We sat outside and didn't get a chance to have any fun. The food was good though.
Sunday July 25
A quiet day, nothing exciting happened, but Jon tried to explain the ins and outs of formula one racing which was coming from Austria. I just liked the crashes.
Week commencing July 26
Monday - Debbie came round at about 11:00 o'clock and she looked surprised to see me naked when I opened the door. I put the kettle on but she wanted something stronger. Over a few martinis in the conservatory we told each other all about ourselves. I did most of the talking to start off with, explaining all about my change of life and Jon. She seemed very interested in some aspects, but she said that she liked to be in control, she didn't like men telling her what to do.
I asked Debbie about 'pussy power' and she told me that she discovered it when she was about 15. She's been trying to persuade her father (one parent family) to let her stay late at a party and wasn't being too successful. She'd been getting ready to go out, and in the shower she'd decided to have one more go at him. She'd gone downstairs in just a towelling robe and sat on his lap trying to be nice to him when she realised that he was getting a hard-on. It was then that she realised that he was looking at her tits down the top of the robe.
Deciding that she might just be able to use that to persuade him she'd started twisting round and moving around on his lap. By the time he'd finally agreed his dick was pushing up between her legs (still with his trousers and her robe on) and the top of the robe was gaping open. Debbie had realised that she now had a means of getting her father to agree to whatever she wanted. She used to leave the bathroom door open while she was in the shower or while getting dressed in her bedroom, bend over wearing only a short T-shirt and things like that. She said that it worked every time. I wish that I'd thought of that and had the nerve to try it when I was a kid, but everything at my parents home was so 'old fashioned' and kids back home just weren't like that.
Once Debbie had started using 'pussy power' on her father she realised that she had something that would work on other men as well. She'd used it at school to get better grades. She said that there was one teacher who taught history which she wasn't very good at and wasn't very interested in, but she ended up getting an A+.
The teacher was an arrogant man who fancied himself. One day Debbie had sat at the front of the class and let her legs open a bit. She'd kept watching the teacher's eyes and spotted that he'd been looking at her legs so she'd opened them a bit more.
At the end of the lesson she'd stayed back and asked him what she could do to improve her grades. The teacher had said something like;
"It's amazing how a student sitting at the front of the class can SHOW their full potential, even if no one else can see it. Debbie, you sit at the front of the class and be more OPEN about the subject, SHOW me what you've got UNDERNEATH that exterior of yours. I like to SEE MORE of my students HIDDEN talents. Do you hear what I'm saying Debbie?"
As he was saying all that his eyes were looking down at her thighs.
What he'd said could have been taken either way but Debbie knew which way he meant it and decided to use her 'pussy power'. Just to make sure that he knew that she knew what he meant Debbie said something like,
"Let me see if I've understood you right. If I SHOW you a different part of me, one that I've kept HIDDEN UNDERNEATH, then I could get top marks in your class and it doesn't matter if ANYONE ELSE sees it too. Is that right?"
The teacher had replied saying,
"I think we understand each other now Debbie, you sit in that desk next lesson and let's see how you get on. Okay?"
For the next history lesson she wore a short skirt, sat at the front and flashed her knickers to him a few times. Because she was on the front row, none of the other students could see what was going on. At the end of the lesson Debbie stayed back and asked the teacher how she was getting on. He'd replied something like,
"Debbie, if you continue improving as you did today, then I'm sure that your grades will improve. Remember, the MORE effort that you SHOW me, the better the grade will be."
Her next homework got a C+. The following week she kept her legs open for most of the lesson and her homework got a B. The week after that she decided to leave her knickers off and flashed him her hairy puss, not for long, just enough to let him know what she wasn't wearing. Just for good measure she'd put her hand under her skirt and scratched her pussy one time that he was looking.
This went on for a few weeks and got to the stage where Debbie was sitting there with her legs quite open with no knickers on. Some times she'd have a little play with herself while he was watching. Debbie said that she was enjoying it and the teacher must have been able to see her juices seeping out. All that time Debbie's grades were getting better, but never got better than an A. Debbie wanted an A+ and decided to do something special to get it.
The next week when she opened her legs for the teacher to see her pussy he nearly choked. He coughed and spluttered for ages before regaining his composure. Debbie had shaved her pussy and every wet fold and hole was staring him in the face as she smiled at him. She got her A+.
Debbie discovered that she got pleasure from showing her body to girls as well. In the girls gym changing rooms all the girls used to quickly wrap a towel round themselves when they went to and from the showers. Debbie stopped doing that and slowly walked to the showers.
When she'd shaved her pussy some of the girls had started whispering and giggling when they saw her. They'd obviously talked about it to the other kids and one day Debbie had been a little surprised to over-hear one boy telling his mates in the corridor,
"That's the girl that shaves her cunt."
At first she'd been a bit shocked but it hadn't taken long for her to realise that it had made her pussy wet and she'd gone to the toilets to masturbate.
I think it was at about that point in the conversation that Debbie stopped talking about her past and asked me about my rings and chain. She said that she had never even considered doing anything like that and wanted to know what it was like. While Debbie had been telling me about her 'pussy power' discovery at school her legs had relaxed and opened. I'd been so interested in what she was saying that I hadn't noticed, that was until she'd asked about my rings. As I was telling her about how I got them I noticed that I could see her pubic hair.
When I mentioned that I could see that she wasn't wearing knickers she said that it was warm in there (conservatories and hot days!) so we went outside and lay on the grass. Debbie asked if I was worried about being outside naked and when I told her that no one could see she decided to strip off as well. She used the excuse about not wanting any white lines.
Debbie has a nice slim body, her breasts are a bit bigger than mine are, but not too big. Her hair is dark brown and she keeps her pubic hair trimmed very short. She said that she often shaved it all off but she just couldn't be bothered to shave every day. I told her that I hadn't shaved for months after I used the Sonique depilatory machine on my pubes. I topped-up our glasses and Debbie continued with her story.
Her teasing wasn't just confined to her father at home and at school, she'd started stopping in the park that she had to go through to get to school. She used to sit either on the grass or a bench if the grass was wet and let her legs open up. She said that she was amazed at the number of men who would stop and stare, or go up to her and start talking.
She told me about one party that she'd gone to wearing just baggy shorts and a tie front blouse. Everyone had been sitting round on the floor and she'd noticed the number of boys that came over to her and asked if they could get her a drink. After a while she realised that they were looking up her shorts and seeing her naked shaved pussy. Once she'd realised she opened her legs more, giving them a view of a wet pussy.
It was an end of term party at one of her schoolmates' house and the booze was really flowing. One of her girl friends was really knocking it back and it didn't take that long for her to pass out. Two of the lads took her upstairs to sleep it off on one of the beds. Debbie said that about 20 minutes later she'd had to go upstairs for a pee and she looked through a partially closed door into one of bedrooms. She'd got quite a shock when she'd seen her friend (out cold) with her skirt up round her waist, her knickers round one ankle and her top up round her neck. One of the lads was wanking and shooting his load all over her face. The other lad was bent over her licking her pussy.
Debbie had stared for a minute before moving away. She's never thought much about oral sex before and watching what the lads were doing had got her excited. She wanted a slice of that and as she was going back downstairs she devised a plan to get some.
Back downstairs she sat down where she'd been and waited until the 2 lads came downstairs and came to talk to her. When they did she pretended to have drunk too much, slurring her speech and swaying about. After a while she pretended to pass out. As with her mate, the 2 lads carried her upstairs and plonked her down next to her mate who they'd partially dressed again. She lay there with her eyes shut pretending to have passed out, listening and waiting to see what happened.
One of the lads grabbed her arm and shook her then gently slapped her face. When they got no response one of them said,
"She's right out of it, what shall we do with her?"
The other lad said, "For starters we'll get those shorts off and open that blouse, I want to see if her cunt is really completely bald."
With that she felt her shorts and blouse being opened and her shorts being pulled down.
As her bald pussy was exposed she heard one of them say,
"Wow, look at that!"
Her shorts were pulled right off and then her legs were opened wide. Debbie said that she was getting very aroused by all that and that her pussy felt like it was about to explode. There was a short pause at that point as the 2 lads were obviously enjoying the view, then one of them said,
"I really fancy fucking her but I suppose that we'd better not, I don't know if she's still a virgin and I don't want to risk getting blood all over Katrina's parents bed. She'd have trouble explaining that."
Debbie told me that she was virgin (technically) at that time and that she'd been a bit disappointed at that point, but things looked up very soon. The other lad said,
"Yeah, best not, but we can still have fun like we did with Gemma. You take her face and I'll eat her cunt then we can swap."
The next think that Debbie knew was that she felt one of them breathing all over her pussy, then she felt a tongue touch her clit. She couldn't help herself; she let out a little moan. That caused the lads to stop for a second but when she didn't 'wake up', they continued.
The lad eating her was really getting her going when all of a sudden she felt something touch her head lips. Natural reaction took over and she opened her mouth and a dick went slightly in. Debbie said that she automatically started sucking on it which caused the lad to say,
"Christ, she's sucking me."
And suck she did. She said that he came within a couple of minutes. Debbie said that she didn't have time to think about whether or not to swallow his cum, before she realised it, it was in her throat and going down. She said that she'd gagged a bit but then calmed down and continued sucking until he'd gone soft and pulled out. All that time the lad had been 'mauling' her tits quite roughly.
Meanwhile the lad who was eating her was getting her very close to cumming herself. Before she did cum the lad stopped and she heard one of them say,
"Bloody hell, that was good, much better than Gemma. It's much better when they don't have any hair on their cunts."
Then there was silence for a minute or so before she felt another mouth start on her pussy and another dick touch her mouth lips.
Automatically her mouth opened. The second dick was different, it wasn't as thick, but it was longer and it wasn't long before it was pushing at the back of the throat as she sucked away at it. At first the length had been a problem and she felt like she was choking but she just relaxed and down it went until it felt like she had a broom handle down her throat. When the lad started to cum Debbie swallowed all of it without really tasting it.
Meanwhile the other lad was sucking at her clit and pushing his tongue into her hole. She just couldn't help moaning as much as she could with a dick down her throat and it wasn't long before she could feel her body shuddering as she started to cum. Both lads backed-off as she was shuddering and when she stopped she heard one of them say, "That was amazing, I didn't know that a woman could cum when she was out cold." The other one said, "Well you do now. What shall we do with her now?" They decided to pull her shorts back on and to tie her blouse and then they left her laid on the bed next to her mate.
The next term at school was Debbie's last, she didn't want to go to university so she decided that to get a reasonable job she needed to get some good results. When she first went to the history class the teacher had spoken to her as all the kids were walking in. He's said that he hoped that she would be DISPLAYING all her hidden talents again that term. Straight away Debbie realised what he meant and decided to get more A+ grades.
Debbie had worn knickers to school that day but that didn't stop her letting the history teacher see what colour they were, or the damp spot as it appeared over the next 30 minutes or so. At the end of the lesson the teacher stopped her from leaving and told her that she had made a good start to the term but he was sure that she could SHOW him MORE of her hidden talents. He also told her that she would be able to get better graded in English, French and Geography if she sat at the front of those classes and SHOWED her HIDDEN talents to those teachers.
At first Debbie had been a little shocked to realise that the history teacher had been telling other teachers their little secret. She didn't want to flash everything she'd got straight away to those teachers so she decided to reveal a bit at a time to them. Over the next few weeks she showed a bit more each time, but in the end she lost track of which teachers had seen her bald pussy and which ones hadn't. She'd also get fed-up with trying to keep track of when she had to go and take her knickers off and when she had to put them on, so in the end she just didn't bother putting any on in a morning and went to school without any every day.
The English teacher had been a bit more demanding than the rest and had told her to be more imaginative in her efforts to SHOW him her HIDDEN talents. He had told her to let her 'FINGERS DO THE TALKING' with her solutions to wanting to improve her grades. It had taken Debbie a while to realise that the English teacher had wanted her to frig herself as well as showing him everything that she'd got.
It took a couple of English lessons for Debbie to progress from a quick fingering to full-blown masturbation in the middle of the English lesson. When she finally did it she had been worried that everyone else in the class would realise what she was doing, but she'd managed to keep still and quiet even though she'd wanted to scream her head off. The other kids had known that something was going on but it was the teacher talking garbage and getting a bit flustered that they commented on later, nothing to do with her.
By the end of her last year at school Debbie was getting A+ grades without any effort whatsoever.
PE lessons proved to be a bit interesting sometimes. They played tennis sometimes and some of the boys had realised that Debbie wasn't wearing knickers. They often used to hang around trying to get a glimpse up her little sports skirt but she used to ignore them so that she didn't get into any trouble with the gym teacher.
While all this had been going on at school Debbie had been having fun at home as well. Her 'accidental' showing of her body to her father had been put into reverse and he'd been doing the same to her. A few times she'd seen him naked in the shower or getting dressed and one time she'd seen him with a hard-on and she'd really stared at him until he'd seen her and turned away.
One time she'd wanted to go to a concert with a few friends but her father wouldn't let her so after she'd had a shower and was walking back to her room from the bathroom with just a towel round her she'd seen him in his room in bed reading. She decided to have another go at persuading him so she'd gone in and lay on the bed next to him and asked him again.
This time when he said 'no' she cuddled up to him and pleaded with him. They'd started horse playing about (all innocent like) but Debbie had made sure that she 'lost' the towel and the quilt ended-up on the floor as well. Like Debbie, her father slept naked and they ended-up with him on his back and her knelt either side of him tickling him. When they both realised the position they were in they just stared at each other.
Debbie started to feel his dick poking in her back so she'd slowly eased herself down so that his dick was touching her pussy. As he was quietly saying that it shouldn't be happening, Debbie lowered herself onto him. She'd been a virgin until then and it hurt like hell but she lost her cherry to her father that night. Her father had kept saying that they shouldn't but at the same time neither of them could stop themselves. They had sex together for about a month before her father finally made her stop going to his bed.
Oh, she went to the concert.
Another exciting story that Debbie told me was about the end of school party. The one at school had been a bit boring so a group of them (boys and girls) had gone to one of their parents houses, one where the parents were away. Anyway they'd raided the booze cabinet and most of them (including Debbie) had had too much to drink. Someone suggested a game of strip spin the bottle. At first there were a few who didn't want to know but eventually they all sat on the floor in a circle. The rules were that when it was your turn you had to put a blindfold on then spin the bottle. The person of the opposite sex who was nearest where the bottle stopped had then to remove one article of clothing from the person who had spun the bottle.
Because it was summer Debbie hadn't been wearing much (just shoes, skirt and top) and it wasn't long before she was the first one naked. After most of them were either naked or nearly naked, a couple of the girls lost their nerve and the whole game stopped. Someone put some music on and Debbie started dancing without getting dressed.
Debbie can't remember much after that as the alcohol took over and she just about passed out. The next thing she remembers is waking-up on the lounge floor next morning, still naked and with a very sore pussy. She doesn't know what made her sore and she doesn't think she was fucked, well not without a condom on, and she didn't get pregnant. None of the other kids there could remember much either - or wouldn't tell her.
It was at about that point in the conversation that Jon suddenly appeared. Debbie and me were still laid on the grass, naked, and getting quite happy on the martini's when Debbie saw Jon. She jumped up, tried to cover herself and said,
"I thought you said no one would see us."
I laughed and introduced Jon who told her to stop being so shy and relax.
After the introductions Jon told me to go and get some food for us all and I left them talking. When I took the food out Jon had stripped off and was enjoying the sun as well. I'm sure that he was enjoying looking a Debbie as well because his dick was well on the way to a big hard-on. Debbie appeared to be enjoying herself as well. She was sitting on the grass with her knees under her chin showing Jon everything that she's got. I said to her,
"I don't think your pussy power will work with Jon, he's too used to seeing naked pussy."
Debbie replied, "Yeah, after what you've told me I didn't really think it would work, but I'm having fun trying."
A bit later Debbie decided that it was time that she went home and got dressed. As we were walking her to the front Jon asked if I'd shown her all round the house. When she said 'no,' Jon told her that she must come and see out punishment room. He guaranteed that she'd enjoy it. Looking a little intrigued Debbie said,
"Okay, I will, and can I borrow that hair remover machine," as she walked to the bus stop.
The rest of the week wasn't very exciting apart from when I went to Tesco on the Thursday afternoon. There was this young lad that was looking at me as I bent over the freezers. I was wearing a very lose, low-cut top and as I bent over I could feel it dropping off my breasts. The lad was the other side of the freezers and staring straight down my top to my breasts. Every time that I moved to another freezer he would quickly go to the other side of it and have another look. Stupid boy, if he'd got himself behind me then he'd have see a lot more than my breasts.
Friday at work wasn't very interesting, at lunchtime I cut the hair of one man who insisted in pushing his elbows into my pussy as I tried to reach to his head. Don't know if he realised that I was actually enjoying it. At break time I managed to have a chat with Debbie as we drank our coffee. She asked if she could visit me again on the Monday. I told her to make it early as removing all her pubic hair would take a long time.
That night Jon took me for a long pleasant evening stroll out over the nearby fields. He took my dress off and fucked me in the middle of a field full of cows. I was a bit scared that one of them might come and trample on me or something, but Jon told me to stop worrying. After that we called in at the pub at the end of the road for a drink. We sat on the tables outside and I could feel all our cum dribbling out of me. When I got up to leave I saw a couple of drops that had escaped and dripped through the gaps in the bench.
. continued in Part 12