Tera stared into her mother's bedroom through the space left by the partially open door. The door never closed completely. The latch couldn't engage and when her mother would close the door it would always slowly drift open. Tera watched her mother undress after a late night out on a date with her new boyfriend. She watched as her mother reached behind her back to pull the zipper down on her dress. Tera's eyes glared in disgust as she noticed how the dress formed itself to her mother's curvaceous body. Her mother shouldn't wear a dress like that, Tera thought. She should be wearing a dress like that. But Tera knew that she wouldn't be able to fill out that dress the way her mother could. Her mother's breasts pushed against the fabric, her cleavage clearly visible from the low neckline. The dress continued tracing down her narrow waist and stomach and then rounded out at her hips and butt, stopping halfway down her thighs. She slid the dress down her long legs, revealing the black stockings and matching underwear. She lifted her feet and stepped out of the dress, standing in front of her mirror in just her bra, panties, and stockings, gazing at her own half-naked body.
Tera crept closer to the door, studying her mother's body, looking for any imperfection. She noticed that her mother had a bit too much fat in her butt so that it was starting to sag. Kate turned to the side, offering her body's profile to the mirror, the front of her body now visible to Tera. Kate turned her head, examining her butt in the mirror. Yes, Tera thought, her own butt was definitely tighter than her mother's, though her mother's butt was rounder.
Kate slid her fingers lightly down her stomach. Tera smiled at herself. She definitely had a better stomach. Though her mother's stomach was flat, Tera's stomach was well-toned and firm, the abdominal muscles clearly visible.
Kate's fingers slid up her stomach to her breast, lightly tracing the curve through the black bra. She sighed slightly as her fingertips moved across the nipple. She reached behind her back, unclasped the bra, and slid it down her arms to the floor. Tera watched as her mother straightened her back and stared at her breasts. She smirked at the sight of her mother's breasts, a sizable DD-cup and much too large for her frame. Her breasts were starting to sag a bit and weren't as firm as they had once been. Tera knew her breasts were nicer than her mother's. Her breasts were not as large but at least they matched her toned, athletic body and were still firm.
Kate raised her hands and ran her fingers through her long, brown hair. Tera grimaced as her mother's naturally full and wavy hair fell back to her naked shoulders. Tera slid her hand down her flat, long hair that seemed so thin and straggly compared to her mother's. She had grown it out and tried to curl it to match her mother's natural curl, but it always ended up looking cheap. She did have blonde hair though. She definitely preferred having blonde hair rather than her mother's hazel brown color.
Kate turned from the mirror after a final look and walked over to her dresser. She opened a drawer searching for her nightgown. Tera looked at her mother's body once more. Her legs were long, the thighs too large, a bit flabby. Tera's legs were not as long, but were tighter, more athletic, firm. Her mother's arms seemed soft and fat compared to her own toned arms.
Tera stepped away from the bedroom door and crept back to her own bedroom across the hall. She laid in bed, her mind drifting; images of her mother's nude form morphing into her own body; scenes of the boys who came over to her house to presumably see her, but instead flirted with her mother; Tommy at school pretending to accidentally brush against her breast; her mother having sex with a date a few months ago. Her hand moved down between her legs, her fingers probing, as she drifted into sleep.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
"Morning, baby," Kate mumbled as she stumbled into the kitchen.
"Morning, mom," Tera replied, flinching at being called baby. She hated that. How many times had she told her mother not to call her baby?
Kate opened a cabinet and pulled out the coffee. "How was your morning jog?" she asked as she pushed a filter into the coffee maker and poured in the coffee.
"Fine," Tera answered, leaning against the counter, a bowl of Special K cereal in her hand, still dressed in the tight shorts and sports bra that she had jogged in that morning.
"How was your...evening?" she asked and lifted the spoon to her mouth.
"It was nice," Kate answered, pouring the water into the coffee maker. She turned it on and leaned back against the counter. "I'm sorry I got in so late." She rubbed her eyes and yawned.
"That's all right," Tera said. "As long as you had a nice time." Tera smiled. Her mother always looked terrible in the morning. She laughed to herself thinking that the reason her mother hadn't been able to keep a boyfriend was that they saw her the next morning and ran away.
"I did," Kate said. "Richard is a really nice guy, much better than the other losers I've been out with. We had a nice, expensive, dinner and then went dancing at Club Eros."
"Club Eros?" Tera cried.
"Yeah," Kate said, a shy grin spreading across her face. "I couldn't believe it either. It was wild. We didn't mix in well, but we stayed late and had a lot of fun."
Tera was shocked. Club Eros was the hottest club in town. She had never been there. She hadn't been of age to be admitted into the club until six months ago when she had her eighteenth birthday. But, she had heard stories, stories involving half-naked dancers simulating sex acts on stage, back rooms for couples who couldn't wait to get home, and people dancing in large groups, all of them touching, probing, pressing their bodies together in a rhythmic, gyrating mob. She doubted the stories were entirely true, but figured that there must be something happening at the club to spark such rumors.
Kate looked at her daughter's stunned expression and chuckled. "I know you've heard all of the rumors. I heard them too, so I wasn't anxious to go when Richard took me there. But, the rumors are all wrong. It is pretty racy. The dancers on stage don't wear much and they dance...suggestively. And we were probably the most overdressed couple there. But otherwise it's just a normal dance club."
Tera nodded at her and turned back to her bowl of cereal. Why was her mother going to Club Eros? Her mother was having more fun than she was. She was the teenager. She should be the only one out dancing, dating, and having fun. Her mother should be home waiting for her.
"So?" Kate said. "What are you going to do today? It's Saturday. Do you want to go to a movie with your mother? I know that's not cool, but I'd pay." She smiled at Tera. "Maybe after the movie we could do some clothes shopping, get you some interview clothes."
Tera dropped the half empty bowl into the sink. "Is that supposed to be a hint?" Tera asked her.
Kate shook her head. "No, baby, I just thought we could go out, have some fun, just the girls."
"Interview clothes? I just graduated. I'll find a job, mother," Tera spat at her.
"I know, baby. I'm sorry. I just..."
"Don't call me baby! I hate that!"
"I'm sorry. I know you hate that. I won't do it again," Kate apologized. "Let me make it up to you, Tera. Let's do something today. Let's hang out." She reached her hand out and laid it on Tera's shoulder. Tera crossed her arms and glared back at her mother.
"I'm busy today," she said. "Go do something with Richard, if he's so great." She twisted away, letting her mother's hand slide off of her, and then with a final scowl trudged back to her bedroom.
Kate sighed. She didn't know what to do about Tera. Their relationship had always been difficult. She knew Tera blamed her for separating her from her father when she was only five. So, Kate had devoted her life to Tera, trying to earn her love. But as Tera grew up she had become more independent. She had become her own woman, no longer her little girl. With Tera's senior year, Kate had decided it was time for her to find a life for herself. Kate had figured that Tera would accept that her mother was moving on, but she just seemed to resent her even more. In fact, Kate had resented herself. It had been a long time since she'd been intimate and had moved too quickly with her recent dates. This time she wanted to take it slow with Richard. They had been dating a couple of months now and she felt like she was falling in love with him. She wanted Tera to get to know him, hoping maybe she wouldn't resent her so much if she liked Richard.
Kate poured her cup of coffee. She carried the mug over to the phone and dialed his phone number. He answered on the second ring.
"Hi, hon. It's me," she said.
"Of course it is. No one else ever calls me," he joked. "How are you this morning?"
"I'm all right. Did you sleep well?" She twirled the phone cord in her free hand.
"Fine. I had naughty dreams of us at the club."
She giggled into the phone. "Maybe you'll have to tell me about them tonight."
"Why tell? I can act them out for you."
She giggled again, leaning her hip against the wall. Richard always made her feel good. "We'll see," she replied. "Actually I was wondering if you'd like to come over here tonight for dinner. I could make my famous lasagna. We could watch a movie."
"Sounds nice," he said, his voice becoming serious. She could tell he knew there was another agenda besides just dinner and a movie.
"And maybe we could spend some time with Tera," she continued.
"That's be great," he said. "Trying to get the daughter to accept me. Does this mean we're finally getting serious?"
"We're already serious. I just want Tera to understand that."
"I understand perfectly," he said, becoming lighter now. "I'll see you both tonight."
"Come over about six."
"Okay. See you then."
"Bye, Richard." She took a deep breath. "I love you."
He hesitated. "I love you too. See you tonight." He hung up.
She placed the phone back on the hook. She didn't know why she chose that moment to tell him that she loved him. Maybe it was easier over the phone than face to face. She was happy that he said it back. She took a big sip of the coffee with the big grin still on her face.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Tera lied back on her bed, pulling her wet hair over her naked shoulders. She opened the wet towel wrapped around her body, pulled it from under her, and dropped it on the floor. She felt clean and soft after her shower, her legs still tired from the morning jog. She loved the feel of her body moving, her legs stretching, her feet slapping the ground, pushing herself faster. She loved the feel of her body afterwards, tired and alive.
She stretched out on the bed thinking about her mother pushing her to get a job. She didn't want a job right now. She didn't want to be pushed into anything. She would decide what she wanted to do. But her mother always pushed her to do what she didn't want to do. Her mother had wanted her to try different sports, but Tera would never commit. She was good at everything she tried, but hadn't found anything the could hold her interest.
School had been a joke. She graduated as a B student, not interested enough to get the A she could have easily gotten. She didn't want to attend college figuring that it would be just like high school, the teenagers refusing to become adults, trying to hold onto their irresponsible childhood.
She supposed that she should find a job, but now that her mother was pushing her to do it she didn't want to. Working for a landscaping company would be fun, working outside, doing physical work, free to think and daydream. Maybe she would go look for a job after all.
She placed her right hand on her upper chest, lightly running her fingertips across her skin. According to her mother, her father had owned a landscaping company, but it had gone bankrupt right before their divorce. She could barely remember him, a large man with short, blonde hair and a deep tan. Though she didn't remember him well she presumed that she was more like him then her mother, wanting to work outside, work with her hands, not to mention be free of her mother. She knew that her mother would never approve of her working a blue collar job. She wanted Tera to work a job like her as some secretary stuck behind a desk, taking calls for some suit who wasn't nearly as important as he thought he was. Tera would never do that. She would never be like her mother.
She slid her fingers down to her breast and felt her nipple grow hard beneath her touch. Tera could feel her body coming alive, her nerves sizzling. She needed sex. She had a date tonight with Kyle. She had been out with him once and the sex had been okay, but not great. She saw potential and was willing to give him a second chance. Maybe she would just have to take control, get on top, and use his cock since he didn't know how to use it properly.
She moved her hand down her stomach and closed her eyes, wanting to only feel. She thought of the boys she had been with before, boys who were never able to satisfy her, boys who would act cocky, but could never deliver in bed. She would allow them to fuck her, allow them to try to bring her to orgasm, but they never could. They only jabbed their cocks into her until they came much too quickly. When she would take control they couldn't handle it.
She moved her hand between her thighs and spread her legs wider. She slid a finger between her labia and stroked up, flicking her clitoris gently. She tried to picture a man as her lover, but no one came to mind. She could only imagine a dark male form with a large cock, large muscles, and a blank face. She pushed a finger into her pussy, feeling the moist opening around her finger. She pushed another finger in and began slowly sliding her fingers in and out of her while her palm rubbed against her clitoris. In her mind the man had mounted her, his strong arms planted firmly on either side of her, his cock penetrating her partly as he waited to fully impale her.
"Tera," her mother said outside her bedroom and knocked on the door.
Tera opened her eyes and stopped stroking her pussy. "What?" she yelled back.
"Are you going out tonight?" Kate said through the door. Tera lied there wondering if her mother would come into the room, expecting to see the door open, wanting the door to open. What would her mother think if she saw her daughter lying on the bed with her fingers shoved into her pussy?
"Yes, I have a date," she yelled back. She began stroking her fingers in and out of her again, willing her mother to enter, picturing the look of shock and disgust.
"Oh," her mother said. "Well, I was hoping you might stay in tonight. I invited Richard over and wanted us to have dinner together."
Tera continued to move her fingers inside of her pussy, bending her fingers, stroking upwards, with her palm rubbing against her clit. She pictured Richard in her head. She had met him once. He was a nice looking guy with a large chest, broad shoulders, a nice tan, very fit, and looked younger than her mother though he was probably about the same age.
"Tera?" her mother said. Now she would open the door, Tera thought to herself. She lifted her hips in the air, wanting to give her mother the best view of her pussy. "Nevermind," she said and moved away from the door.
"Mom," Tera yelled.
"Yeah."
Tera began stroking faster. "Okay I'll stay in for dinner."
"Really?"
"Yes. I'll go out after dinner."
"That's fine, ba... Tera."
She reached her fingers in further, rubbing her clit harder, feeling the waves of pleasure spread through her body. "Mom, can I go by some clothes later? I..." She moaned. "I was supposed to go out with Kim to shop for clothes."
"Sure. I'll leave my credit card on the counter. I have to get ready and run some errands. I need to buy food for dinner tonight."
"Thanks, mom," Tera moaned. She closed her thighs tightly, pressing them against her hand. Her orgasm exploded as her mother walked to her own bedroom, whistling to herself.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Kate was finishing her make-up when the doorbell rang.
"He's always early," she whispered to herself.
She closed the lipstick and stepped back from the mirror. She slid her hands down her sweater. It was tight enough to be sexy without being trashy. The skirt hung down to the middle of her calves with a long slit on the side that revealed just a touch of naked leg when she walked. She touched her hair quickly and walked from the bathroom. She opened the front door. Richard was standing on the porch with a large bouquet of flowers hiding his face.
"Richard," she said.
He dropped the bouquet slowly, until his handsome, smiling face was revealed. "Hello, Kate," he said. He extended his arm, offering the flowers. "These are for you."
"Thank you," Kate said as she took the flower from him. "They're beautiful."
"Not as beautiful as you," he said. He pushed the flowers to the side and leaned forward to kiss her. Kate met him, her mouth open. Richard pulled back and smiled at her. He grabbed a tulip from the bouquet and pulled it out. "This one is for Tera," he said. Kate smiled and stepped back as he walked into the house.
Richard brought his other hand from behind his back as she closed the door. "This is a bottle of the finest red wine at Piggly Wiggly," he said jokingly.
"Richard..." Kate started.
"I know you don't drink, but I would like a glass with dinner and maybe Tera would as well."
"She's only eighteen. She can't drink."
"She can't buy," Richard corrected her. "And you could always join us for a drink. Actually this is a Louis Bernard, very good. And very expensive. Perfect with your world famous lasagna." He bent down and kissed her again. She sighed and nodded at him.
"Maybe a glass," she acceded. She turned and led him into the kitchen. She placed the bouquet of flowers on the counter. Richard set the bottle of wine beside it.
"Smells good," he said. "I'm starving. How long until we eat?"
"Soon," Kate replied. "The wine corkscrew is in the top drawer."
She stepped out of the kitchen and looked down the hallway. "Tera!" she yelled. "Tera! Richard is here. Why don't you come out if you're ready?"
"Okay, mom," Tera yelled from her bedroom.
Kate turned into the kitchen to put the bread into the oven to warm. Richard had the tulip grasped in his teeth as he opened the bottle of wine. She shook her head at him as she walked past him. She pinched his ass and he squealed playfully. Kate slid the pan of bread into the oven.
"Hi, Richard," Tera said.
Kate turned around with a large grin to greet her daughter. The grin slid from her lips when she saw her. Tera was wearing a short burgundy tier mini skirt that floated around her thighs, cut low at her abdomen, and a long sleeve ruffled shirt with only the middle two buttons fastened revealing the top of her breasts and her tight stomach. The low-heeled, brown, distressed leather cowboy boots drew Kate's eyes down to her daughter's firm legs. Her hair was straight but full, parted in the middle and falling in layers down across her shoulders.
Richard's mouth opened and the tulip fell to the floor. Quickly he bent down to pick it up.
"Hi, Tera," he said, staring at her as he stood back up. "This is for you." He held the flower out to her.
"Thank you," Tera said, her fingertips lightly brushed against his fingers as she took it from him.
"Your welcome," he replied. He tilted the bottle of wine towards her. "Do you like wine? I thought it would go good with your mother's lasagna."
"I might have a glass since you were kind enough to bring it for dinner. Thank you." She pulled some hair back behind her left ear and placed the flower behind her ear. Richard smiled at her.
"That looks very beautiful," he said.
"Thank you," she said. She turned to her mother. "Mom, Kyle will be picking me up at eight. I hope that's all right."
"That's fine," Kate said. "Did you just buy those clothes today?"
"Yes," Tera said and then turned in a slow circle. "Kim talked me into buying it. Do you like it?" She looked at Kate and then moved her stare to Richard.
"You look stunning," Richard said. He glanced at Kate and stuttered, "Almost as beautiful as your mother." He dropped his head down to the counter and returned to opening the bottle of wine.
"Mom?" Tera asked.
"You look fine, baby," Kate said and smiled at her weakly. "Why don't you help me with the salad?"
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
During dinner, Richard spent most of the meal looking at Tera. She was very beautiful. He forced himself to look at her face when she was talking and not allow his gaze to drop to her partially exposed breasts. She controlled the conversation and as they talked he found that she was also very intelligent and decisive, especially for a young woman of her age. He had to look at Kate in her tight sweater to take his mind off of Tera. Kate drank two glasses of wine and her mood seemed dark as they started eating, but lightened as the meal continued until she was acting silly.
Tera saw the effect her outfit had on Richard and was very pleased. She talked through most of the dinner to keep his eyes on her. She found him to be thoughtful and clever. He was also more attractive than she remembered and she found herself wondering what he would look like with his shirt off.
At eight o'clock the doorbell rang.
"That's Kyle," Tera said. She stood up from the table and walked to the front door.
Richard turned to Kate. She was staring back at him, her face flushed, her eyes hazy from the alcohol. No wonder she never drank, Richard thought, she had no tolerance for it. Still, she looked very sexy. He leaned forward and kissed her deeply. She returned the kiss. Her tongue slid into his mouth. He pulled back from her, sliding his tongue along her tongue.
"That was a great dinner," he said.
"Thank you," she said. "I'm glad you enjoyed it."
"Hey mom. Richard. This is Kyle," Tera said, standing in the doorway to the dining room.
"Hey Kyle," Richard said, standing to shake his hand.
"Hi Richard," Kyle said, uncomfortable calling an adult by his first name.
Kate stood slowly, wanting to keep her balance as the wine had taken effect on her. "Hi Kyle," she said and shook his hand. Kate knew that Kyle was a junior at the state university on football scholarship. He was a large guy with broad shoulders and chest, tall and muscular. His naturally curly, blonde hair and blue eyes had probably helped him to break many hearts.
"Hi, Mrs. Ryan," Kyle said. His eyes drifted down from her face to her breasts pushing against the sweater.
"Ms. Ryan," Kate corrected him, "Or just Kate." His eyes jumped back up to meet her face.
"Yes, ma'am, uh, Kate," he said.
"Where you kids off to tonight?" Richard said, crossing his arms across his chest.
"Um..." Kyle started.
"We're going to a club, some dancing, you know," Tera said. "We should get going. It was nice to meet you again, Richard. I hope you'll be back over soon."
"I'm sure I will," he said.
"Good," she said and smiled at him. "Come on, Kyle." She grabbed Kyle's arm and pulled him with her.
"It was nice to meet you Richard. Nice to see you again...Kate," he said, admiring Kate once more as he stepped backwards to the front door.
Richard turned to Kate once Tera and Kyle were gone. "Nice enough kid," he said.
"Yeah, he seems nice. He's definitely cute," Kate said. She sat back in her chair.
"Cute?" he asked. "I guess in that adolescent, All-American boy kind of way. If you're into that." He glared down at her. Was that the kind of guy she thought was attractive? He looked nothing like Kyle. He had longer black hair and brown eyes, was about five inches shorter and fifty pounds lighter.
Kate looked up at him, seeing the jealousy in his eyes. She stood up and stepped close to him. She wrapped her arms around his back and pressed her body against him. She stared up into his eyes. "I'm into you," she said and yanked his head down to kiss her.
"Why Ms. Ryan are you trying to seduce me?" he said.
"Not until this table is cleared. Oh, and I did rent a movie and we should watch it. Though you may not need all of your attention for the movie." She giggled and kissed him again.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Tera felt the wet grass beneath her knees as she slid her lips down the shaft of Kyle's cock. He was looking down at her, his hands behind him resting on the trunk of his car.
"Oh God, Tera," he moaned and dropped his head back, his eyes closed.
Tera wrapped a hand around the base of his thick shaft and started moving her mouth faster, bringing his cock to its longest, hardest extent.
Earlier, Kyle had asked her what club they were going to. She had told him to just go somewhere they could fuck. He had driven into this deserted park. The night with Richard had turned her on so much that she just wanted to get Kyle hard as quickly as she could. She wanted him inside of her now.
She wrapped her lips tightly around his cock and pushed her tongue against the shaft. She wanted him to feel her wet mouth encasing his cock as she bobbed up and down. She lightly fondled his testicles as she moved faster. He laid his hands on her head and began thrusting his hips with her motion. Tera moved her hands around to grab his butt. She felt his muscles were tight, pushing towards his orgasm. She slid her mouth down his cock once more and moved away from him.
Kyle looked down at her. "What..." he started.
"Shut up and fuck me," she ordered him. She reached under her skirt and pulled her panties down her legs, stepping out of them, and leaving them on the ground. She stepped up to the car and pressed her stomach against the trunk, leaning forward, pulling her skirt up to her waist.
Kyle stared at her bare butt and firm legs as he moved behind her. He placed his hand against her pussy and rubbed it, his fingers probing to find the opening. Tera kept her legs straight and close together to lift her pussy high in the air. As Kyle slipped a finger into her wet pussy, he moved forward, bending his knees, and positioned his cock. He held her labia apart and directed his cock towards her pussy. His body contracted uncontrollably as the head slipped between her pussy lips. She was so wet, so tight, so hot, he was already having a hard time holding on.
"Damn, Tera, we need to go slow," he mumbled, not moving, just trying to relax with her pussy wrapped around his cock head.
"Just fuck me Kyle," she said, turning to look at him, her hair hanging in front of her face. The way she talked, the way she looked, confused him, aroused him. Kyle had never seen a girl be so forceful. He wanted to fuck her, fuck her hard and show her who really was in charge.
Kyle pushed forward and sank his cock into her. Tera moaned. She dropped her chest down to the trunk of the car and pushed her ass back against him. Kyle grabbed her hips and leaned back. He started pumping in and out of her forcefully. He wanted to fuck her hard, fuck her good, make her scream. Tera stretched her arms out beside her and gripped the sides of the car.
"Fuck me harder," she panted, her breath ragged.
"I'll fuck you hard," Kyle whispered to himself. He pushed her hips against the car and moved forward, pressing himself against her. He held her still as he slammed his cock into her. He looked down at his glistening cock shaft emerging from her pussy and shoved back into her, crushing his hips against her butt. The car shocks squealed each time he pounded into her.
"Oh, yeah, fuck me," she yelled, her head turned to look back at him. She felt Kyle's long cock filling her, stretching her, pushing her higher. Her thighs were pinned painfully against the car, but the pain only made the pleasure more intense as her body was taken, used by him. "Fuck me," she moaned.
Kyle grabbed her hips tight and continued to thrust into her faster. He leaned forward, jabbing into her deeply, pulling out slightly, and ramming back into her. Tera continued clinging to the car, pressing her cheek to the cool metal, the pleasure building in waves, picturing Richard behind her, pounding into her.
"Oh, yes, Richard, fuck me, fuck me harder," she squealed.
"What?" Kyle huffed as he thrust into her hard and stopped. "What did you call me?"
Tera twisted her hips against him and began pumping his cock into her. "Just fuck me! Now!" she yelled at him.
A scowl spreading across his face, his eyes squinting down at her body, he began plunging into her at a fast pace, wanting to punish her with his cock. Tera saw Richard, his chest bare, dark black hair curling across his strong pecs, his tight ass flexing as he fucked her. She moaned loudly.
Kyle moved faster and leaned back slightly, feeling his cock moving inside of her, jabbing into her, and then crashing into her once more as his orgasm shot through his body, sending the semen into her. Tera pushed back against him, feeling his vibrating cock jerking inside of her, feeling the semen squirting into her vagina, pushing against him, pushing towards her orgasm, so close.
Kyle was twitching against her as his orgasm faded, pumping the last of his semen into her. Tera reached back and grabbed his waist.
"Keep fucking me," she demanded, pumping her hips frantically, feeling his cock dwindle inside of her.
Kyle began pumping into her again, his cock slipping inside of her dripping pussy, feeling no friction. His cock kept shrinking until it slipped out of her.
"Dammit!" she yelled and turned around. "I was almost there."
"Yeah, well, it's your fault for turning me on so much. I couldn't hold it," he said defensively.
Tera sat up on the hood of the car and spread her legs wide. "Eat me out. Make me cum."
Kyle stared at her spread legs, her pussy hidden in shadows, and imagined his own cum leaking from her. "No fucking way," he said. "I'm not eating my own fucking cum."
"Fucking worthless," Tera spat at him and slid off the car. "That big cock is a waste unless you know how to use it." She stomped over to her underwear and stepped into them. She pulled them up her legs, still staring at Kyle.
"Fuck you," Kyle said. He reached down to pull his underwear and pants back up.
"You just did, asshole. And a lot of good it did me. Just take me home." Tera opened the passenger door, dropped into the seat, and slammed the door shut.
"Fucking bitch," Kyle whispered to himself. Still, he thought, she's an awesome fuck. He smiled to himself. He wouldn't mind bagging her mother either. In fact, he'd rather have her mother. She might be older, but she had huge tits, tits he'd love to hold as he fucked her. She probably wouldn't be so hard to please either. He walked to the driver's door and got into the car to take Tera home.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Tera saw Richard's car was still in the driveway. She stepped out of Kyle's car and closed the door. He backed down the driveway and drove home. She looked at Richard's car for a few seconds before walking to the front door. As she opened the door she heard the television in the living room and assumed he and her mother were watching television.
She reached down and pulled skirt up higher, adjusted her shirt to make sure enough cleavage and stomach were showing, and ran her fingers through her hair. Then, she walked into the living room with a smile on her face. The living room was empty. A movie was in the VCR and playing. Two wine glasses were sitting on the coffee table.
Tera walked through the living room and into the kitchen. She looked around, but they weren't there. The table had been cleaned and dishes were drying in the sink. She stepped back into the hallway and walked towards her room. As she approached her mother's bedroom, she saw a faint column of light escaping the room through the partially open door. She walked past the room silently and stopped as she passed the doorway. She leaned against the wall and tilted her head to the side to listen. She thought she heard a bedspring squeak and a groan, but she couldn't be sure.
Tera slid along the wall towards the door and turned around to peek into the room. The room was bathed in the faint light coming from street lamps filtering through the open windows. She could only see the foot of the bed and nudged the door open a bit more. Now she could see most of the bed and see the rest of the bed in the mirror on her mother's dresser.
She saw them in bed, lying on top of the covers, embracing, completely naked. Their clothes were lying in bunches on the ground. She could hear their wet, deep kisses, and her mother's sighs as Richard's hand caressed her body. Kate lifted her leg over his waist and moved closer to him. He lifted his head over her, kissing her passionately. His hand slid down the side of her body, down along her butt, her thigh, and then traced back up inside her leg to lightly brush against her pubic hair and up over her stomach.
Tera felt her own unsatisfied lust come back to life with a deep tingling in her stomach. Her tongue slipped along her lips as she watched Richard's nude body, his back to her. Her mother's leg crossed over his tight butt. His long, toned leg stretched down the length of the bed and the other bent over her mother's lower leg. His back flexed as he moved his hand along her mother's body and leaned over her. Tera swallowed and bit her lower lip as her body became enflamed. Her clothes felt tight and confining.
She had seen and heard her mother with men since she had started dating recently. She had found these couplings mildly arousing, but not particularly erotic. This time was different. Her body ached as she watched Richard's touch caressing her mother, making every nerve in her body scream, every hair stand on end. She wanted to be the one feeling his touch, her lips pressed to his mouth, her hand sliding down between his legs. She saw her mother's hand move between their bodies and knew she was reaching down to grasp his cock. Tera groaned and bit her lip again.
Richard reached around her mother's upper leg and down to touch her waiting pussy. Tera moved her own hand between her legs, pushed her skirt up high on her thighs, pulled her panties to the side, and slid her fingers down her own wet pussy. Richard began moving his hips in a slow motion, moving his cock against her mother's hand. Kate lifted her head over his head as he dropped his kisses to her neck. In the mirror, Tera could barely see Richard's hand probing her mother's pussy, his fingers slid between her labia, his thumb rubbed her clit. Tera moved her thumb over her own clit and slid two fingers into her cunt, wet with her own juices and Kyle's semen. She leaned against the doorjamb and crouched slightly, her thighs twitched as she stroked her pussy.
Richard shifted his body and in the mirror she could dimly see his long, thick cock appear between her mother's legs. She gasped as she saw the size of it. Kyle had the largest cock of any guy she had fucked, which is why she had given him a second chance, but Richard's cock was even larger. Richard moved his body down slightly and lifted his hand away from Kate's pussy to grasp his cock. He lifted his head up from her neck to kiss her on the lips, staring into her eyes. Tera's eyes were locked on the view in the mirror, her body rigid, her hand still, as she waited for him to finally penetrate her mother's cunt, wondering if her mother could handle it, wondering what it would feel like, wanting desperately to know what it would feel like.
He guided the head of his cock to her mother's pussy and extended two fingers to probe into her, spreading her labia. Her mother's hand grasped his waist, urging him further. He pressed the head between her lips. Her mother's leg flexed as she pulled his butt towards her. His cock head barely sank into her, stretching her lips wide. She gasped softly, lifting her head from his kiss, her eyes closed. He pulled his cock back slightly, his fingers still spreading her pussy, and pushed forward again, the head sinking into her.
"Oh God," Kate moaned and dropped her head to his shoulder.
She lifted her leg higher up his waist and pushed her pelvis down as he pushed up into her and slid into her further. Tera was still, rapt with sexual tension, her fingers shoved deep inside of her, motionless, as she watched him pull back slightly and push forward again, his shaft sinking into her mother now. Her cunt was stretched around his cock, gripping it tightly. Kate dropped her head back to the pillow and stared up at him.
Richard bent his upper leg, pushing his foot against the mattress, as he began to slowly work his cock into her, moving in and out in short strokes, each time sinking it into her further. Tera began moving her fingers inside of her in rhythm with him, her thumb caressing her clit. She watched as her mother's cunt began to accept his cock and he began moving in longer strokes, unable to push into her entirely, but stroking into her, the tip of his cock almost appearing in the mirror, before he pushed back inside of her.
They both began to moan, whispering to each other, kissing, her mother's hand moving up and down his side, over his flexing butt and up to his defined chest. He gripped her upper thigh and pulled her leg higher as he twisted into her, trying to thrust into her further. Tera curled her fingers into her, rubbing her g-spot in rhythm with his pumping hips.
Then, Richard pushed himself on top of Kate, rolling her onto her back. She bent her legs, her knees pointing to the ceiling. He held himself above her and started to move in and out of her in long strokes, plunging into her further. Kate reached down to grab his butt in her hands, her fingers digging into the flesh. Tera moved her fingers in and out of her pussy, bending her fingers up into her, her thumb caressing her clit, her body tight, her thighs shuddering, her face wet with sweat, her eyes darting between their bodies on the bed and the images in the mirror. In her mind she saw herself below Richard, accepting his cock into her, feeling it slide into her deeply, his eyes looking down at her longingly, enraptured inside of her cunt.
He pulled his legs up towards Kate's butt and pushed into her, his pelvis pressing against her. Kate pushed her hands against his stomach.
"Too much," she moaned. "Too much." She shook her head. Richard pulled out of her in a long, slow stroke, and then pushed back in slowly, twisting his hips towards her, his back arching above her. She pressed her hands against him again and tried to pull away from him. "It's too much," she groaned.
A sneer crept across Tera's face as she watched her mother holding him back. Her mother was a tease. She turned him on, urged him into her, and then drew her body away from him. Tera jammed her own fingers into herself entirely, wanting to be filled, wanting to have his cock inside of her entirely, the pain only making it more pleasurable.
Richard lowered his body on top of Kate and began sliding in and out of her in long strokes, not allowing his cock into her entirely, holding back. Kate groaned underneath him and wrapped her legs around him.
"Yes," she moaned into his ear.
He lowered his mouth to her neck and began sucking at the skin as he thrust into her. Tera could barely see his cock shaft moving in and out of her mother and wished he would jam it into her entirely, force her to accept his entire cock, but he didn't. He moved in and out of her gently, bringing her to a soft ecstasy, stroking her higher. Tera felt her own orgasm building and could barely hold herself up.
She turned and hurried into her own bedroom. She fell on top of her bed, spread her legs wide, and furiously thrust her fingers into her cunt, her eyes closed, imagining Richard between her legs,.
She could hear her mother's bed squeaking as they began to move faster. She heard his deep grunts and her mother's loud groans. Her own moaning joined them. Waves of electric lust flowed through her body, making her skin tingle, and her muscles twitch. The noises from the bedroom became louder as he sped up, the bedsprings now squeaking loudly, protesting each thrust down, the headboard thumping against the wall.
"Oh God, Oh God," her mother repeated through clenched teeth. His grunting became animalistic, raw and primal. Tera imagined his cock finally plunging into her entirely, taking her, filling her.
The orgasm rocked her body, her breath shoved from her body as every muscled clenched. Her mother's headboard smacked against the wall loudly once more and her mother's squeals were cut short, unable to speak, think, or move as her own orgasm gripped her body. The bed continued to squeak as Richard jerked his cock into her until finally his semen squirted deep into her. Tera took a deep breath as her body shuddered on top of the bed, her butt and thighs twitching uncontrollably. Her chest rose and fell rapidly. She could hear the bedsprings in her mother's room squeaking slightly as Richard twisted his spurting cock into her mother. She could almost feel his hot semen squirting inside of her and his cock pulsing inside of her shuddering cunt.
As her orgasm subsided, Tera laid on her bed, her arms and legs spread, staring at the dark ceiling as she listened to the whispers from her mother's room. Her mind churned. She had to have him. She knew it. Her body ached for him. Her mother didn't deserve him. Her mother couldn't even satisfy him. She had forced him to hold back. Tera knew that she could satisfy him and more importantly she knew that he could satisfy her.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Kate awoke with a throbbing in her head and an ache between her legs. She moaned and rubbed her eyes.
"Morning, hon," Richard said and spooned up behind her. He leaned forward and kissed her on her cheek.
"Morning," she mumbled.
"How did you sleep? I slept like the dead," he said.
"Good. But I feel like crap now. How much did I drink last night?"
"I don't know maybe two, three glasses of wine. Feeling a bit hung over?"
"Yeah, a bit. A little sore down there too."
Richard chuckled. "Sorry about that. I guess I was a bit drunk too, got a bit overanxious."
Kate rolled over to face him. "That's all right. I had a great time." She kissed him and then dropped her head back on the pillow.
Richard wrapped his arm around her and snuggled close to her. She drank too much wine last night she thought. The sex had been nice, but also a bit rough. She had asked him to hold back and he had until during her orgasm he had shoved into her, almost stifling her pleasure, but still he was the most affectionate and loving man she had been with, much more than her ex-husband. She pushed thoughts of her ex out of her head and moved closer to Richard.
"I should probably go," he said to her.
"Why?" she said. "Stay for breakfast."
"No. I'd like to, but I can't. I've got a lot to do today."
Richard pulled away from her and stepped out of the bed. She rolled onto her back and watched him get dressed. She studied his body. She hadn't admired his body last night, but now she saw how incredible he was. She watched him stuff his long, limp cock into his underwear, his strong legs slide into his pants, and his powerful arms pull his shirt on.
She was starting to feel horny.
"Are you sure you can't say?" she said and folded the covers down to expose her breasts.
Richard stared at her and smiled. "I must be an idiot because I'm still going to say no."
He kneeled on the bed and crawled over to her.
"That's all right," she said. "I need to recuperate anyway."
He smiled at her and bent down to kiss her. He reached out and rubbed his hand across her breasts.
He broke the kiss and said, "Recuperate from the hangover or the sex?"
"Both," she replied and pulled him back down to kiss her again.
As he started to crawl back off of the bed he dipped his head down and licked her nipple quickly.
"Hey," she said. "That's not fair."
"You're right. It's not," he replied, grinning.
He sat on the edge of the bed to put on his shoes.
"Hey, since I won't have time to see you today, why don't you come over to my house next Saturday? You could bring Tera. Have her bring Kyle. We could hang out at my pool, fire up the grill, cook some steaks, have some drinks. What do you think?" he said and turned back to look at her.
"Sounds good," Kate said, sinking down into the bed. "I'll ask Tera and give you a call later."
"Great. It'll be fun."
He stood up and walked over to the side of the bed to kiss her once more before saying goodbye. He was whistling as he walked out of the house, feeling good, happy about his relationship with Kate. She was a great woman, loving, intelligent, and beautiful. He unlocked his car and opened the door.
"Hey Richard," Tera yelled.
He turned his head to see her jogging up the driveway. She was waving at him and he waved back. He stepped to the back of the car, watching her jog up to him. Her body was glistening with sweat, her breasts heaving beneath the tight sports bra, her legs flexing as she approached him. She looked incredible.
"Out for a morning jog?" he said, feeling foolish, but couldn't think of anything else to say.
"Yeah," she huffed as she stopped in front of him. She bent over, grasping her knees with her hands as she tried to catch her breath. Richard looked down her low cut sports bra and then averted his eyes quickly.
"You must be really motivated to get up this early to go jogging," he said, trying to find something to talk about to not feel so uncomfortable.
Tera stood up with her hands resting on her hips. "I jog every morning. It's important to take care of your body. I can tell you think the same thing," she said.
"Yeah, well, I work out some," he said and crossed his arms over his chest.
"Looks like you work out a lot to me," Tera said. "You must lift a lot of weights and bike or run too." She arched her back to stretch her back muscles.
"Yeah I lift weights and swim," he said, forcing himself to look in her eyes.
"You swim?" she said. "I love swimming, but don't get to swim much around here." Tera lifted her right leg up and placed her foot on the bumper of his car. She leaned forward, stretching her leg.
"Yeah, well, I have a pool," he said, staring at her nicely tanned leg, the thigh muscles flexing as she bent forward.
"That'd be great. I'd love to have a pool." Tera dropped her leg down and lifted the other leg up to stretch it. Richard stared at her stretching, admiring her body, her supple back stretching forward, her lean arms extending to her toes, and the bit of blonde hair that had come loose from her ponytail to brush her leg.
"Um," he stuttered, shifting his gaze to the ground. "Actually I was just talking to your mother and thought maybe we could all get together at my place next Saturday. Do some swimming, cook out on the grill, have some fun. You could bring Kyle."
Tera stood up with a big smile on her face. "That sounds great. I'd love to do that. But you might never get me out of the pool."
"Then you'll just have to eat your steak in the pool then," he joked. She laughed and tucked the loose hair behind her ear.
"Maybe I'll come out of the pool. For your steak," she said. "Beside I could use a tan, some sun would do me good." She glanced down at her body.
"You look fine to me. I mean, your tan is fine. You don't want to get too dark." He stepped back from the car, fumbling with his keys. "Anyway, Tera, I need to get going, but I'll see you Saturday." He turned to get into his car.
"Richard," Tera yelled to him.
"Yeah," he said, turning back around.
Tera walked up to him to stand directly in front of him. She looked up at him with her head tilted to the side.
"I just wanted to thank you," she said, and dropped her head.
"For what?" he said, looking down at her, his eyes drawn to her bare shoulders, supple neck, and her cleavage pushing up from her sports bra.
"For treating my mother nice," she said and looked up at him. "She really deserves it."
"Oh," he chuckled. "She's a great woman. I can't help but treat her nice."
"I know. You're a great guy. You know how to treat a woman. I'm happy for her." She glanced to the house quickly and turned back to him. "She's been out with a lot of real losers, made some bad mistakes. She deserves a guy who will hang around for awhile."
"Yeah," Richard said hesitantly. "Um, she's been out with a lot of guys?"
"Well, not a lot of guys, a few guys, several guys, just losers, you know, the kind of guy who won't make a second date. They just want one thing. Just jerks," she said.
"Yeah," he said. "I know what you mean."
"So, I just wanted to say thanks," she looked up at him, swaying back and forth slightly. "Well, I'll see you Saturday." She touched his arm lightly before turning around to walk into the house.
Richard watched her close the door behind her and stood outside of his car thinking. He studied the house, rolling his keys in his hand, wondering how many guys Kate had been with and when was last time she had been with one of these jerks. He slid into his car, started the engine, and drove home, lost in his thoughts, barely watching the road.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
"I don't care what you have planned for next weekend. Cancel it. You're coming with me to Richard's house," Tera said into the phone.
"Yeah, but..." Kyle started to reply.
"Kyle," she interrupted. "What the hell is wrong with you? What could be more fun than hanging out at a pool with my mother?"
Kyle hesitated. "What do you mean?"
"Kyle I know you have the hots for her. It was obvious last night when you couldn't take your eyes off of her chest. You'd love to see her in her bathing suit. Hell, you were probably thinking about her last night when you were fucking me."
"No, I wasn't."
"Kyle, I don't care. I'm fine with it." Tera stopped and took a quick breath. "Look, Kyle, I don't know if I should tell you this." She dropped her voice to talk in a softer tone. "My mom has the hots for you too." The line was silent for several seconds. She let him think about that.
"What?" he finally said.
"You heard me. She thinks you're hot."
"How do you know this?" he said. Tera smiled to herself. She knew she already had him.
"She told me last night when I got back. Her and Richard were sitting on the couch. We talked for a bit and she said she really liked you and thought you were very good looking. I think she wants you." Tera flinched as the last sentence came out. Was that too much?
"She wants me?" he said. "What about Richard?"
Tera smiled. The idiot fell for it anyway. "Richard? He's just another guy. They don't have a serious relationship. Neither of them want one."
"But what about us?" he said.
"Us?" Tera laughed. "There is no us, Kyle. You do what you want or who you want. I don't give a damn." She let the silence hold while Kyle thought. She knew there wasn't much thinking going on. He was probably just picturing himself with her mother. The temptation would be too much. This would work perfectly.
"Okay," he said. "If you're all right with it. Sure."
"Great," she said. "Come pick me up Saturday at three. We'll meet both of them over there." She hung up the phone and sat back in her bed. Yes, this would work perfectly.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
"Hey Richard, watch this!" Tera yelled from the diving board. From the other end of the pool Richard stopped swimming and turned to watch her. Tera took several steps forward, jumped at the end of the board, and flew into the air. She tucked, flipped once, and straightened to hit the water with her body in a perfect line. She broke the surface to hear Richard clapping and cheering.
"That was great," he yelled to her. Tera swam over to him and stood next to him, the water coming up to her waist.
"Thanks. I wasn't sure how I would do. I haven't been diving in a long time," she said to him.
"Where did you learn to dive like that?" he asked.
"I was on the diving team for awhile." She shrugged.
"Well you're a natural," he said. "Your mother never told me that you were a diver."
"I'm not. I tried several different sports, but never found anything interesting enough to stay with. I liked diving and swimming best though. I love being in the water." She knelt down and dropped her head back, letting her hair fall into the water, before sitting back up, brushing her hair back with her fingers. Richard watched her tight stomach bend back with her, her breasts seeming to almost fall out of the small bikini she wore, and the water cascade down her shoulders and chest. "I'm surprised she didn't tell you about the sports she wanted me to do. She always brags to everybody about what an athlete I am." Tera looked across the patio to her mother lounging in a deck chair talking to Kyle, perched on a chair beside her, leaning over her. "I guess it's her way of letting people know that she was able to raise me all right after everything that happened."
Richard stared at her questioningly. "Everything that happened?" he asked.
"Yeah, all of the stuff with my father and well... I don't want to get into it. She'll tell you when she trusts you more." Richard stared back at her, his eyebrows furled in thought. "Hey," Tera said, "Want to see a double? Maybe I can still do one."
"Um, sure," Richard said. "That'd be great."
Tera smiled at him and then turned to swim to the ladder.
Kate watched Richard and Tera talk after her dive, but was distracted by Kyle. He was sitting beside her almost leaning directly over her and blocking her sun.
"I love to lay out in the sun," he said. "I try to get an all over tan."
Kate glanced at him. He did seem to have a nice tan. As annoying as his chattering was she did admit to herself that he had a very nice body. She could see why Tera was dating him. His muscles were not only large but very well defined. She could see the six pack of his abdominal muscles, the rippling muscles in his shoulders, biceps, and thighs. If only he were a bit smarter, she thought to herself. But, he seemed nice enough.
Kate turned to look at Richard and Tera talking. Tera swam off and Richard was still standing in the shallow end. He looked over at her, his face set, thinking, worried. She smiled at him. He smiled back weakly.
He had been acting strange all day. When she got here he hugged her and kissed her, but there was no passion, just motions. He talked to her. He was nice to her. But at the same time he was cold. Had he grown tired of her already? Now that he had sex with her did he even want her anymore? She had heard the coldness in his voice on the phone, but figured he was having a tough time at work. So, for today she had bought this skimpy bikini, hoping to brighten his mood. All it seemed to have done was get the attention of Kyle.
"You look like you get out to tan. Do you go to a tanning bed or just go outside?" he said.
"I just get whatever sun I can. I just have naturally darker skin and tan easily," she replied, still looking at Richard.
Kyle studied her body as he talked to her. Her breasts were even larger than he thought. The bikini she wore was larger than Tera's bikini but seemed to expose just as much of her breasts. The bikini bottoms rose high on her thighs, accentuating her long, luscious legs, and covered more of her crotch than Tera's did. Tera must have had to have almost shaved her pussy bald to not be showing any hair around those bikini bottoms, Kyle thought. He noticed Kate looking at him, definitely looking at his body. He flexed his chest and arms subtly. Then, he saw her eyes drop to his legs. Was his dick hanging out of his shorts? He felt it hanging to the left and thought she might be able to see it with the trunks hanging loosely at his leg. He shifted his leg towards her, offering her a better view.
"What does everyone want from the grill?" Richard yelled as he walked towards them.
Kate looked over at him. "What are our choices?" she asked.
"I got sirloin, porterhouse, chicken breast, hot dogs, burgers, and veggies for bobs," he replied.
"Wow," Kate said. "I'll have a bob with veggies and chicken."
"Kyle?" Richard asked.
"Um, I'll have a porterhouse and a burger...and a dog," he said.
"That's what I like to hear," Richard said.
Tera walked up behind him, dripping water. "I'll have a sirloin. I hear you make an excellent steak," Tera said.
"All right," Richard said. "I'll go fire up the grill and get dinner ready. Anyone want anything to drink while you wait? I've got a full bar."
"You got any beer?" Kyle asked.
"Yep," Richard said.
"I'll have a beer then," Kyle said.
"I'll have something too, but I want to see what you got. I don't know much about bar drinks," Tera said. She picked up her towel and began drying her body.
Kate didn't want anything alcoholic, not after the wine last weekend. But, she didn't want to seem like a wet blanket to Richard. She wanted him to think she was fun. She'd have one drink, but drink it slow. "Just make what Tera has for me, but with less alcohol," she said, regretting adding the last part. "Just surprise me," she added.
"Okay, coming right up," Richard said. "Come on Tera. Let's see what we got," he said and turned to walk away. Tera followed close behind.
Kate watched them leave. She was happy that Tera seemed to like Richard. She talked to him and seemed interested in what he said. They got along well. She hoped that Richard would be the one who stayed. She'd have to find out what was bothering him. She didn't want to mess up this relationship. When they entered the house together, Kate laid back in her lounge and Kyle continued his inane conversation.
Richard walked into his kitchen and behind his small bar. "What's your drink?" he asked.
Tera stepped up to his bar and looked at the few liquor bottles standing at a corner of the bar.
"I really don't have a drink?" she said. "I don't drink much alcohol."
"That's fine. What do you drink that's not alcoholic?" he asked.
Tera bit her lower lip lightly and tilted her head to this side. "Umm, mostly water. Some milk. I do drink tea sometimes."
"Ah, tea. I think I can make you something," Richard said, looking at the bottles on his bar.
Tera wrapped the wet towel around her waist making sure to leave a long open space for her left leg to be visible. She placed her forearms on the bar and leaned forward to look behind the bar. There were some more liquor bottles under the bar. Richard noticed her breasts being pushed against the bar as she leaned over it.
"How about a Long Island Ice Tea?" he asked her.
Tera looked up at him still leaning over the bar. "What's in that?" she asked.
"Oh, a little bit of everything," he said and laughed.
"Okay."
"I'll make you and your mother light ones." He pulled two glasses out from under the bar and began mixing the drinks.
"Oh, don't worry about making light drinks for us. We have nowhere to go today. I could stay here forever."
Richard laughed as he dropped ice cubes into the glasses. "Well, I'll still make them light. I know your mother doesn't drink much."
"What?" she said and giggled. "She drinks. She tells people she doesn't, but she does."
"She does?" Richard said, twisting the cap off of a bottle of vodka.
"Yeah. Didn't you see her drink that wine the other night? She just says that to impress people. Maybe she thinks she doesn't have to impress you anymore." Richard stared at her for a moment. She giggled playfully and slapped him lightly on the arm. "Just kidding. Mix them up. And don't take it easy on us. We can take care of ourselves."
"Okay," Richard said. Tera watched as he mixed the drinks in two tall glasses. He made the drinks a lot stronger than she expected. "Here you go," he said and pushed the two glasses towards her. "If you can take these I'll go grab a couple of beers for me and Kyle."
"All right," she said. "I need to use the ladies' room. I'll be out in a minute."
"Okay," Richard said. He grabbed the beers from the fridge and walked out of the kitchen.
Tera went to the bathroom and waited a few seconds. Then, she walked back into the kitchen. She looked through the window and saw the three of them standing around the grill as Richard lit it. She turned back around and picked up one of the drinks. She poured some of it into the sink. Then, she filled the glass back up with 151 proof rum.
"Now that's a Long Island Ice Tea," she said to herself. She then took the other drink and poured half of it into the sink. She filled it back up with water and coke until it looked like the same color as the stronger drink. She carried them both out to the patio.
"Here you go mom," Tera said and handed the strong drink to her.
"Thanks, Tera," she said and smiled at her. She took a sip of the drink. "Wow, that's strong. Are you trying to get me drunk Richard?" She bumped him with her hip.
"Uh oh, I've been discovered," he said, glancing up at Tera. She smiled back at him.
Richard got the grill started and cooked the food while the three of them swam in the pool or lounged by the pool with their drinks. Richard watched Kate. She looked at him from time to time and smiled. She seemed so warm and loving. What could she be hiding from him? He did think she spent too much time with Kyle. Or was Kyle spending too much time around her? Not that he could blame him. Kate was looking extremely sexy. Her breasts were barely contained by the bikini and her legs looked so long. He compared her to her daughter and saw little resemblance between them. Maybe Tera looked more like her father. Who was her father? What had happened to him? Questions swirled in his head, becoming muddier as he worked his was through several beers.
Eventually, the meat had been cooked and they were ready to eat. They sat around his patio table, eating their food and talking. Kate was feeling good. She had finished her drink and had Richard make another. Richard's mood seemed to get better as the day went on. She was feeling good about herself. It was obvious to her now that Kyle was flirting with her. She was surprised he would do that with Tera right there, but Tera didn't seem to mind. She was having a good time too.
When everybody was done eating they sat around the table talking and drinking. Then, Kate helped Richard clean up. She was feeling dizzy and stumbled into him several times. When they were done they went back outside and sat at the table with Tera and Kyle. As everyone talked, Kate found she wasn't feeling well anymore. She felt tired. Her head was spinning. She couldn't keep track of the conversation. She rubbed her eyes and temples.
"Are you all right?" Richard asked, leaning towards her.
"Yeah," she said back to him and forced a smile across her face. "I think the alcohol and sun have got to me. I think I need to lie down for a little while." She could barely focus on his face.
"Well, you can lay down inside. Do you need help?" He stood up and helped her stand.
"I'm fine Richard," she said, swaying as she stood in front of him. "You stay here and entertain the kids." She turned away from him and stumbled towards the house. She walked into his house, down the hallway, and saw a couch in the den. She fell onto the couch and closed her eyes, trying to will the room to stop spinning. A few minutes later she was asleep.
Richard, Tera, and Kyle hung around the pool and swam some more. Richard and Kyle both had another beer. As evening approached the three of them laid on lounges, mainly just Richard and Tera talking. Kyle didn't have much to say. He was disappointed that Kate had left.
"I'll be back," Richard said and got up.
He stumbled a bit as he walked towards the house.
"How you doin'?" she asked, turning to Kyle.
"All right," he said. "A little bored."
"Now that my mother went inside?"
He nodded.
"Well, go inside and see her," she told him.
"What? She's probably passed out."
"Maybe. Then again maybe she's waiting for someone to go check on her."
Kyle just stared at her.
"You know," Tera continued. "Someone who she might want to get closer to... Maybe she just used it as an excuse hoping someone would go check on her... To be alone with him."
"Oh," Kyle said. "Is that why Richard went inside?"
"Possibly, but I doubt it. I think he's just using the bathroom. I don't think he's going to check on her. Maybe you should go check on her."
"You think so?" he asked, looking towards the house. He was already thinking about it, imagining walking into a bedroom, finding her lying on the bed in her bikini, waiting for him.
"Only one way to find out. She did seem in to you. She wouldn't stay away from you today," Tera said, forcing the smile to stay off her lips.
"Yeah, you're right," he said. He continued staring at the house. "You think I should?" he asked.
"If you don't know that you should maybe you're playing for the wrong team," she said to him.
Playing for the wrong team, Kyle thought. He knew what that meant. He was not gay. He wanted nothing more than to fuck Tera's mother. She was the hottest woman he had ever seen, especially for her age.
"I hope the thinking isn't hurting you, Kyle," Tera said. "I didn't think it was that tough of a decision. Maybe you're just not the stud you think you are."
Kyle scowled. He couldn't tell if she was picking on him or daring him. He just knew he didn't need to be dared to fuck a woman like Kate.
Richard walked out of the house with two more beers and sat down in his lounge.
"Here you go, Kyle," he said and handed him a beer.
"Thanks, man," Kyle said. "Um, I need to go inside. Need to...um...use the bathroom." He stood up and hurried into the house.
"Beer will do that to you," Richard said.
Tera laughed, at his joke, at how easily everything had gone today. Richard was almost hers.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Kyle stood in the doorway to the den. Kate was laying on the couch, one leg hanging to the floor leaving her thighs spread. She was breathing deeply as she slept. He watched her large breasts rise and fall with each breath. He felt his cock getting hard in his shorts. He stepped into the den and stood over her. His eyes watched her body, staring at her round thighs, wide hips, narrow waist, and large chest. Her skin was smooth, glistening in the waning light. He rubbed his cock through his trunks as he watched her.
"Kate?" he whispered. She didn't respond or move. "Kate," he said louder. He bent down, kneeling on the carpet, and leaned over her face. "Kate," he said to her face. She stayed asleep, breathing deeply.
If she had been waiting for him to come in then she had fallen asleep while she waited. He looked down at her body. He wanted to touch her. He wanted her. She was so sexy lying on the couch in her bikini, so accessible. The air felt electric. His chest felt tight with anticipation as he watched her sleeping, ogling every inch of her body, from her long, round legs to her shapely hips to her flat stomach and to her wonderfully large breasts.
Carefully, he raised his hand and touched her stomach. Her skin was warm under his cold hand. She still didn't stir from her sleep. He slid his hand over her flat stomach, lightly dragging his palm across her smooth skin, up to her bikini, carefully slipping his hand over the fabric, feeling the size and weight of her breast. His cock was hard, pushing against his trunks. He needed to see those breasts bare.
He lifted both hands up to her shoulders and gently pulled the bikini straps down her upper arms. He slid his fingers under the cups of the bikini and pulled them down. He dragged the bikini down to her stomach, pulling the straps down her arms further until her breasts were completely naked. He moved his hands up and cupped a breast in each hand. His tongue parted his lips and his eyes were locked on her chest as he carefully kneaded her tits, feeling her nipples rubbing against his palm. He started rubbing his painfully hard cock against the side of the couch. Kate stirred slightly, arching her back and moaning quietly, seeming to push her breasts into his hands.
Kyle bent over her and lowered his mouth to her breasts. He sucked a nipple between his lips and licked it with his tongue. He slid a hand down her stomach and back up her side, relishing the touch of her bare skin. He dragged his tongue up her breast and then sucked as much as he could into his mouth. He moved his other hand to her other breast, massaging it, her nipples getting hard. His hand slid across her stomach, down the curve of her hip to her inner thigh. He licked her other breast, sucking at the skin, flicking the nipple with his tongue. He sat up to hover over her prone body. Her breasts were wet with his saliva, her nipples pointing up to him. His cock was rock hard. His head felt heavy with lust, soaked with intense sexual desire. He had to fuck her.
He moved down the couch, his chest rubbing against her leg. He slid a hand under her bikini bottom. His fingers slipped down her pussy. He slid his finger up and down between her lips, feeling a bit of wetness, spreading it up to her clit, flicking it softly. He looked at her parted legs, her soft, round thighs, so inviting. As he rubbed her pussy with his fingers he looked up her body, seeing her chest rising and falling faster now, her face flushed, her lips parted. Her body was responding to his touches. She wanted him to fuck her.
Kyle stood up and pushed his trunks down to the floor. His cock was pointing out long and hard, seeming bigger than ever before. He placed a knee on the couch between her legs and then grabbed her leg lying outstretched on the couch. He lifted her leg and draped it over the back of the couch. He moved his other knee onto the couch and knelt over her, his cock jutting out over her vulnerable body.
He could feel his heart thumping in his chest, his lust so strong, staring at her thighs parted, lying on either side of him, and her tits shuttering slightly as she breathed. He felt he would explode just standing over her. He swallowed hard and tried to maintain control. He wanted to fuck her for a long time. He wanted to suck on her tits while he was inside of her. He wanted it to last forever.
Kyle bent over her, placing his right hand on the couch to support him and moved his left hand between her legs. He pushed the bikini bottoms to the side, exposing her wet pussy. His fingers opened her as he dropped his hips, maneuvering his cock to her cunt. He looked down between her legs as his cock touched her and then began to move into her, sliding between her lips, his fingers stretching her wide.
He pressed his feet against the couch arm and pushed into her again, watching as his cock head disappeared inside of her. He began to grind slowly into her, pulling out slightly and then pushing in again, carefully working his cock into her. She felt so tight, but so wet, her pussy inviting him into her, clasped around him, pulling him into her. As he stroked into her further, he moved his hand from her pussy and placed it on the couch on the other side of her, holding his body over her. He watched as he moved in and out of her, taking his time, allowing her cunt to stretch wider, accepting his cock. The soft leather of the couch creaked under his knees joined by the wet sound of her pussy sucking on his shaft.
He tried to control his desire to ram his cock into her, fuck her hard, plunge into her and explode in an intense orgasm. He wanted to delay it, wanted this to last as long as possible, to hold it in his mind forever. He stopped moving and closed his eyes, his body shuddering above her, trying to calm down, trying to maintain control. He took several deep breaths, felt his stomach loosen and his muscles relax.
He moved his cock out of her slowly, feeling it slip inside of her, until her pussy was sucking at the head of his cock, and then pushed back in slowly, his eyes still closed. He let out a deep breath as he felt his control return and slid out and back into her again, pushing in deeper. His hip bumped her thigh and her leg slipped off of the back of the couch to be pinned between the couch and his side.
Kyle lowered himself down onto her. He grabbed her thigh and pulled her leg on top of him, her thigh wrapped around his waist, her calf lying on top of his legs. He propped himself on his elbows and looked into her face as he began moving in and out of her in a slow stroke, still pushing deeper, still trying to maintain control, reveling in each stroke, every sensation.
His elbows digging into the couch, he reached his hands up to her breasts and began massaging them. He lowered his head and kissed them, licked the nipples, sucked them into his mouth while he thrust into her, his back arched, the root of his cock sinking into her.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
"I don't know," Tera said, stretching out on the lounge chair. "Maybe I'll look for a job. I just don't know what I want to do." Her eyes were closed, enjoying the last of the setting sun, and also allowing Richard to study her without worrying about her seeing him doing it.
"What about college?" he asked, lying beside her on his lounge, idly watching her body as she moved, watching her abs flex, her thighs stretch.
"No, I don't want to go back to school," she said and sighed. "Who needs it? A bunch of kids too immature to get jobs, trying to convince themselves they're adults while partying every night and skipping class. Sounds like a twisted version of high school." She opened her eyes and looked over at him. "Know what I mean?"
"Well, I don't know about that. I went to college, got a good education, had some fun. I wouldn't be making the kind of money I am now without it." He looked back at her, her eyes deep blue, innocent.
"Yeah, but I don't care about money," she said and turned back to look into the sky. "Money is nice, sure, but I want more than that. Relationships are more important. I want love and passion. I don't need money for that." Richard studied her as she talked. He turned on to his side, his body facing her. "Everybody is trying to make money. And for what? To buy more stuff. It's just stuff. It doesn't mean anything. Nothing means anything if you don't have love." She rubbed her legs together as she talked, lost in her own words. "I want to meet a man who knows how to love, not some college guy who just wants to get laid. I want a man who understands what I need. I want to be me, be loved, be free. I don't need money for that."
Neither of them said anything for several minutes. Tera continued staring at the sky, watching the sun slowly set. Richard watched her, wondering what she was thinking.
"You know," she finally said, turning her head to look at him again. "I wonder why nobody else understands that. Why is everybody so worried about money? You have to live like you could die tomorrow. Everybody is living like they're going to live forever and they need huge piles of money. That money means nothing if you die tomorrow. You have to live like today is your last day." She bit her lower lip lightly, still staring at him. "Don't you think?" she said timidly.
"I know what you mean," he said dreamily. "When I was your age I thought the same way. But eventually you grow older and realize the world isn't going to let you live on your dreams. It's a tough world. Getting a good job, earning some money, makes getting by easier."
"What was your dream?" she asked.
He smiled, staring through her, remembering. "I wanted to see the world. I wanted to drive on every road, walk every trail, see every country. I wanted to experience life. I knew that my little town was just a small part of something...something bigger...more important. And I wanted to find it...find that something. I don't know. I was just young." He stopped, glancing at her shyly.
"Go on," she said softly, urging him on. She turned onto her side, facing him, rapt with attention
He laughed to himself. "I guess I wanted an ideal that didn't exist. I thought that I'd find it by escaping home, traveling the world, meeting different people, falling in love with interesting and beautiful girls." He looked at her, a grin spreading across his face. "Like you."
She laughed. "What happened then? Why didn't you do it?" she asked.
"Life," he said. "Life happened. I was just dreaming. I would never do these things and I knew it. I went to college and forgot it."
"Well at least one thing did happen. You met me right, an interesting and beautiful girl," she said and threw her arm in the air.
Richard laughed. "Yeah well, it's too late now."
"No, it's not," she seriously. "It's never too late. It's too late when you're dead. If you don't do what you want to now, then you're just waiting to die. And that's no way to live."
"You're a very wise young lady, Tera," Richard said.
"And beautiful. Right?" she said.
"Right," he said, laughing.
"Good. I'd hate for you to think I'm just wise. How boring would that be?"
"I'd never think you were boring, Tera. You're anything but boring. And besides, it doesn't matter what I think."
"Oh, it does matter," she said. She reached out and grabbed his hand. "You're very important to me. I like you a lot and want you to like me too."
Richard felt her fingers lightly stroking his palm. It felt nice. He stared back at her as she stared at him. "I do like you, Tera," he said.
"Good," she said softly. She felt his large, strong hand, her fingers tracing the lines on his palm, and then brushing his fingers as she released his hand. "I need to use the ladies' room. I'll be right back."
She stood up and walked towards the house. Richard watched her, a beautiful young lady, intelligent, strong, not just Kate's daughter. She was her own woman, older than her years, full of the youthful fire that had long since died in him. As she entered the house, he felt alone and old. When Tera was with him he felt like he belonged, he felt younger, truly alive. He watched the sliding glass door, waiting for it to open, waiting for her to appear, needing her to come back.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Kate felt a weight pushing down on her. She felt hot. Her head ached. She shook her head and lifted her hand to her forehead. Then, she felt the pressure inside of her, deep inside of her. Her pelvis was pushed gently, something pressing against her. She felt dizzy, her head still spinning, confused. She groaned and pressed her other hand to her temple. The pressure inside of her diminished, the weight lifted from her, and then increased again, pressing against her thighs and crotch, pushing inside of her, the pleasure almost lifting the haze from her eyes.
"It's all right, Kate. It's me," a low voice said above her.
She couldn't open her eyes. She rubbed her hand across her eyes, trying to push herself awake. She moaned as she felt the thrust inside of her, filling her. Her breast was being massaged. Her nipples were hard. Her body was on fire, her nerves crackling. She felt the thrusting inside of her increase, pushing her limp body against the couch. She forced her eyes opened. The room was dimly lit. A fuzzy shape was above her, moving back and forth as her body was pushed into the couch with each thrust. She blinked, trying to clear her vision.
A weight fell on her chest, mashing her breasts against her. She opened her eyes and saw a face directly in front of her. She recognized the face. It was that boy...Kyle, she remembered, Tera's boyfriend.
"Kyle?" she moaned, her mouth dry.
"Yes, it's me," he said.
"What..." she started.
"Shhhh," he hushed her. He kissed her on her lips. "It's all right," he told her, and lowered his head to her shoulder.
Kyle bent his knees, pulling his legs closer to her body, and dropped his hips lower. He pushed into her, his cock moving into her further. He moaned against her neck. His hands gripped the couch, his body straining, as he moved his cock in long strokes, wanting to feel his entire cock sliding inside of her.
"Kyle, no," Kate said as she realized what was happening. She pressed her hands against his shoulder trying to push him off of her, but she was too weak, too drunk, to budge him.
"It's all right, Kate," he whispered into her ear. "Just enjoy it." He moved in and out of her in long strokes, his hip rubbing against her right leg wrapped around him, her breasts pressed against his chest. He moaned as his cock slid into her and he twisted into her deeper, mashing his pelvis against her.
"Kyle," Kate said, her voice rising. "Get off." She pushed against him harder and tried to rise up, but he was too heavy, pushing down on her.
Kyle grabbed her wrists, one in each hand, and pinned her hands against the couch. She pushed against his hands, trying to raise her arms, but he held her down. Pain went through her stomach as he jabbed into her, shoving into her hard and deep. She lifted her leg up off of the floor and tried to push against his waist with her thigh, but her leg just slipped down his body. He sat up, relieving the pressure on her chest, his arms straight, still pinning her hands down. He twisted into her, completely buried inside of her, pulling back partly before plunging back into her.
Kate looked at his face, distorted in cruel ecstasy, no sign of relenting, just pummeling her weakened body. Her stomach twisted with fear.
"No, not again," she whispered. Kyle barely heard her, too engrossed in watching her body move as he fucked her, watching her breasts jiggle, her hips rise with each thrust.
She twisted underneath him weakly, only adding to his arousal, feeling her hips move, rubbing his cock inside of her.
"Yeah," he whispered. He rose up, pulling her arms straight. He settled back on his butt and leaned back to get the perfect view of her as he fucked her.
She watched him hovering above her and his face became fuzzy as the icy fear spread through her body. He looked a lot like Jake, his blonde hair, muscled physique, tanned skin, but especially the blissful sneer, the combination of lust and control in his face. Her arms fell slack, her muscles relaxed as the horror petrified her body. The way he thrust his cock into her painfully like it was tearing her insides was just like Jake. Jake was gone. She had divorced him years ago, gotten a restraining order, and fled. But Kyle was almost the spitting image of him.
Kate could almost feel the ropes tied around her hands and ankles, the sting of the smacks against her butt and breasts. Sensations of memories flooded her limp body. The pain of his large cock driving into her cunt or ass as she was tied to a bed, a chair, whatever amused him; bent over, bent back, anyway to expose her openings to him so that he could rape her. He would only have sex if it was rough, if it was rape. He took her anytime, anywhere. He forced himself into her, beat her, while she was tied, cuffed, bound.
Her breath came faster as she relived the horrors, her eyes looking at Kyle, but not focused, looking through him, seeing just the blurred image of Kyle, Jake, raping her again. She whimpered, wanting to plead with him, but unable to speak, only able to feel, feel the pain and the humiliation.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Tera walked down the hallway quietly. She heard the squeaking of the leather couch and Kyle's moaning as she approached the den. She looked through the doorway and saw them on the couch. The last of the sunlight was pouring through the large window, the curtains drawn and storm window open to let in the breeze.
Kyle's back was to her. He was kneeling on the couch, sitting back, pumping his hips between her mother's legs. Her mother was lying flat on the couch, one leg hooked over his hip, the other dangling to the floor. He was holding her arms and lowered them to the couch. She saw her mother staring at him, her face blank, her body limp being pushed against the couch with each thrust.
Kyle grabbed her thighs in his hands and lifted her legs up. He held her legs against his waist, her knees pointing to the ceiling, and watched his cock move in and out of her cunt.
Tera could tell he wouldn't last much longer. He had probably lasted this long just because of the beers he drank. She had actually lost track of time talking to Richard. She wanted to stay to watch, but had to get moving.
Tera turned away from the den and walked back down the hall and back outside to the patio.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Kyle watched his cock shaft move into Kate's pussy, gripping him tightly. His eyes moved along her thighs as he held them against his waist. He shoved into her and groaned loudly. He was so close, but didn't want to cum yet, not yet. Her tits shook with each thrust. Her body was limp as she had finally accepted him, laying still, letting him fuck her. He wanted to fuck her harder, fuck her deeper. He wanted to plunge into her and become lost inside of her cunt.
He lifted her legs up higher and placed her calves on his shoulders. He wrapped his arms around her legs and leaned forward, placing his hands on the couch on either side of her. He pulled out and pushed back into her, feeling his cock drive into her, so deep. He sucked her nipple into his mouth and bit it lightly as he started to pump into her.
Kate watched as he bent her in half, almost pushing her knees to her shoulders, constricting her chest. His cock dove into her painfully, a pain she had blocked out long ago. Her mind shut down. She shut him out. She drifted away and forgot.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
"Your house is beautiful," Tera yelled as she left the house.
"Thanks," Richard said, a smile spreading across his face. He couldn't get over how beautiful she was.
"I love your yard too," she said. She turned to look at the flowers planted beside the house. "Did you do all of this?"
"Yeah," he yelled back. He got up and walked over to her. "I like to work outside," he said as he approached her.
"This is great. I didn't know you liked gardening," she said walking along the flowerbed.
"Oh yeah," he said. "I'd much rather be out here working in my yard than at my job."
"Really, I love gardening too. I had actually thought of working for a landscaper. I think that would be the only type of job I could do."
"I could see you doing that. Though I think you'd be better as the supervisor."
"Yeah, me too, but you have to work your way up." Tera continued walking beside the house.
"You will, if that's what you want. I think you could do anything you want to," he said to her.
"Me too," she said. She grabbed his hand and continued walking, pulling him with her.
"Did you hear that?" Richard asked.
"Hear what?" she asked, still walking with him.
"I don't know. Sounds like it's inside the house."
Tera could hear the squeaking of the couch and Kyle's grunts.
"It sounds like..." Richard said, staring at the side of the house. They walked further. "It sounds like it's coming from the den," he said. He stopped in front of the den window. Tera felt his hand tense, squeezing her hand.
She looked into the window and saw them. Now, Kyle had Kate's legs on his shoulders with her body bent in half. He was pumping his hips on top of her, her pussy pointing up to his jabbing cock. He was grunting with each thrust while sucking her breast into his mouth.
"What the..." Richard started. "What the fuck!" He stepped to the window. "Hey!" he yelled into the room. Tera held his hand, pulling on his arm.
"Richard!" she yelled at him.
"You fuckin'... What the fuck are you doin'?" he yelled again.
Tera yanked on his arm, pulling him back from the window.
"That little, fuckin' bastard!" he yelled. He tried to shake his hand free of Tera, but she held him tight. He turned to look at her, his eyebrows furled in anger, his face flushed red, his jaw trembling.
"Richard!" she yelled at him. "Calm down!"
"Calm down?" he yelled back at her. "Calm down! I'm gonna..." he started walking to the back door, pulling Tera with him.
"Richard! Richard don't!" she yelled at him, holding onto his hand, trying to stick her feet into the ground, but being pulled with him, almost falling down. "Richard! Stop!"
He was cursing under his breath, barely audible, spit flying from his mouth. Tera yanked back on his arm and he stumbled backwards towards her, regained his balance, and continued stomping towards the door. Tera let go of his hand and ran in front of him as he approached the door. She stood in front of it, her arms spread, blocking the door.
"You're not going in there," she told him, her hair hanging roughly about her face, her eyes fixed, locked on him.
"Get out of my way, Tera," he said. "I don't want to hurt you too."
"Then don't. Don't hurt me," she said.
He sighed in frustration. He wanted to throw her out of the way, but couldn't touch her like that. Her eyes stared at him, so beautiful, so strong. He turned away from her and started walking to the front of the house. He'd use the front door then. Tera ran after him. She stopped in front of him.
"I'm not letting you into that house," she said.
"Tera, you have to get out of my way," he said, trying to walk around her.
She stepped in front of him, crashing into him. She wrapped her arms around his chest.
"I'm not letting you, Richard," she said, looking up at him, her body pressed against him.
"Tera..." he said. He tried to take a step forward but stumbled. "Tera, you're gonna...you're gonna get hurt." He wanted to throw her off of him, grab her arms, throw her to the ground, but he couldn't. He couldn't hurt her.
"No. No, I won't. You wouldn't hurt me." She laid her cheek against his chest and tightened her grip around his body.
He couldn't move with her latched onto him and he didn't want to hurt her by pulling her off. He stood there, picturing Kate screwing that boy, his anger seething. He looked back to the house, trying to hear them, but unable to hear this far away. Tera tightened her grip around him.
"Don't go in there," she said.
"I can't with you holding on to me," he said.
She looked up at him. "I don't want you to do something bad. It's not worth it."
He huffed. "She's fucking that boy on my couch. Kicking both of their asses would be well worth it."
"No, it wouldn't. It wouldn't solve anything. You'd just probably go to jail. And I don't want to lose you." She turned her head down and pressed her cheek against his chest. "Stay here. With me."
Richard sighed. He looked towards his house again. He wanted to yank that boy off of her, beat him to a bloody pulp, and then see if he had anything left for her. At least he had wanted to, but he could already feel the anger starting to seep away.
"They're not worth it, Richard. You're better than them. I knew you were too good for her. She doesn't deserve you," she said.
Richard ran his fingers through his hair and then rubbed his eyes, feeling the tension slide from his body. He should have seen it coming. He didn't really know Kate. She had lied to him. She hadn't really trusted him. He knew so little about her. He knew more about her daughter than he did her. He looked down at Tera, still clutching onto him. He looked at her blonde hair, hanging in tangles down her head. He wrapped his arms around her and held her to him.
Tera smiled. She knew she had him.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Kyle pumped into Kate faster, feeling his climax building. He grunted with each thrust, pushing into her deeply, filling her, the couch squeaking. He moved his tongue across her breasts. He clenched his butt, pushing towards his climax, grinding into her.
Startled, he lifted his head from her breasts. Did he just hear a scream? He pushed into her and slid back out slowly, trying to listen for another scream. He thought that he heard voices outside the window. He looked towards the window but saw only sky and trees from his angle. He listened as he continued to force his cock into her. All he could hear now was the moist sucking sound of her cunt and the long, soft squeal of the couch as he slid into her.
He turned back to Kate, satisfied there was nothing outside the window.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Tera held Richard, feeling his heart rate slow. She looked up and saw him staring back down at her, his gaze blank.
"You stay here. I'll be right back," she said.
She let him go and ran back to the house. She snuck into the kitchen, looking for her mother's keys. She heard the couch squeaking loudly as Kyle fucked her mother to climax. She saw Richard's keys on the counter, grabbed them, and hurried outside. He was standing in the same spot watching her as she ran back to him. She grabbed his hand, led him to his truck and drove away.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Kyle watched Kate's body as he fucked her. Her face was still blank, her body completely limp, letting him screw her. He sped up, thrusting faster, his hips slapping against her thighs. He arched his back as he plunged into her, moving faster, shoving his cock into her. His breathing became frenzied as he pushed to his climax.
His orgasm exploded, shooting his cum deep inside of her. He groaned loudly as he pumped into her quickly, expelling his semen into her, each ejaculation sending waves of pleasure through his body. His body jerked uncontrollably. He jabbed into her once more, feeling one more spurt, and then fell on top of her, letting her legs slide back down beside him.
Kyle laid on top of her, breathing heavily, feeling his semen trickle inside of her. As his cock started to shrink he sat up and looked down at her. She had the same look on her face. Her only movement was the rising and falling of her chest. He moved off of her, stepping from the couch as he watched her. He grabbed his swimming trunks and pulled them up his legs.
Kyle walked over to the couch and stood over her. Her eyes were blank, staring through the ceiling, her body eerily still.
"Kate?" he said to her. "Ms. Ryan?" He shook her shoulder. Her head fell to the side. She made no response. "Fuck me," he whispered to himself. What had he done to her? "Kate!" he yelled at her. He grabbed her face in his hand and shook her head. He crouched over her and yelled, "Wake up!" She had to move. She had to respond. He didn't want to get in trouble for this, not this. "Please, wake up," he said to her and shook her head again, panic setting in, his heart slamming in his chest. "Wake up!" he yelled and slapped her across the face. He jumped back at the sound of the loud smack. He needed to get out. She wasn't going to wake up. He needed to run away before he was caught. He started walking backwards, moving out of the room.
Then, she moaned and moved her head. Her eyes blinked once, twice, and her head fell to the side. She looked at him, watching him stare back at her. He stopped, looking at her, waiting.
"Um, you were drunk, Ms. Ryan, um, Kate." He looked at her bikini pulled to the side, her breasts exposed, her legs spread wide, his cum leaking from her cunt. He had to get away. "I hope you feel better." He stepped backwards.
"Jake?" she moaned and brought her hand to her forehead, wincing as she rubbed her head.
"Yeah, it's Jake, um, Kate. See you later." Kyle turned and walked from the room, relief spreading through his body in cool waves. She would be all right. She would be fine. And maybe she wouldn't even remember it.
He hurried out to the patio and didn't see Tera or Richard around. He walked to his shorts and shirt laying on a lounge chair. He got dressed, put on his shoes, and jogged around the house, pulling his keys from his pocket. He got into his car and drove away, speeding home. The urge to flee slipped away as he remembered being inside of Kate, fucking her, sucking on those lovely tits. He rubbed his eyes, feeling his worries disappear. He chuckled to himself in relief. Everything would be all right. He turned on his stereo and thumped his hand against the steering wheel to the beat. Man, the guys would never believe he fucked Tera's mom.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Kate stepped out of the shower sooner than she wanted to. But, she had washed the blood and semen from between her legs and didn't want to stay long enough that anybody might worry about her. She knew it hadn't been Jake that raped her. Jake was gone. It had been Kyle who took advantage of her as she lay passed out on the couch. She felt stupid and dirty.
She stood in front of the mirror, studying her body for marks and bruises, the same as she had done years before. Her nipples were bruised and sore, but the bikini would cover those. The mark on her face was a dull red now, which she could explain as just from sleeping on that side of her face. The pain in her head pounded against her skull and her insides throbbed, but she could pretend she was all right, just hung over.
She put her bikini back on, feeling naked and cheap noticing how little of her body it covered. She wiped her hands across her eyes, making sure they were dry, before leaving the bathroom. She dragged her hand along the wall to keep her balance, as she walked down the hallway.
"Richard?" she yelled into the darkened house. "Tera?"
She made her way through the kitchen and onto the patio. In the moonlight she could see no one was by the pool.
"Richard!" she yelled again.
She walked around the house to the front, calling their names. She saw her car in the driveway, but Kyle's car was gone and Richard's truck wasn't in the open garage. They had all left. She staggered back into the house. She found her clothes, dressed, and grabbed her purse.
She drove home slowly, her mind spinning. Did Richard know? Had he seen? He couldn't have. He wouldn't have stood by while Kyle raped her. Unless he didn't think it had been rape. Still he would have done something. She hoped he hadn't seen. It would be humiliating. It would ruin their relationship. She didn't want to lose him, not now.
She got home and collapsed on her couch. She pressed her hands to her face and she started to cry.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
"This is my favorite place to go when I want to get away," Tera said, lying on the ground, her elbows digging into the grass, holding her upper body up as she gazed into the night sky.
"Yeah, it's nice," Richard said, sitting beside her. He looked around the open field. He couldn't see a house or light for miles.
"I'm sorry, Richard," she said, turning to look at him.
"Yeah," he said, plucking a blade of grass from the ground.
"I am. I should have known, but...I guess I hoped you would change her. You're such a great guy...I don't know...I thought she could change."
"I guess some people can't change. But," he said, ripping the blade of grass in half, "I don't want to talk about that right now."
"Okay," Tera said. "Then we won't." She smiled at him and he couldn't help but smile back at her. "Lie down. You can't see the sky sitting like that. Here lay down right here beside me." She patted the ground beside her. He moved closer to her and lay back, his shoulder lightly brushing against her.
"On a good night you can see the Milky Way," she said. "But not tonight. The moon's almost full and the lights from the city are too bright."
"It's still beautiful," he said.
Tera leaned back, feeling the grass prickle against her bare back as she lay down. "It's not how beautiful the night sky is, but what you realize. Look at all those stars, those planets, galaxies, all of that around us, and we're here. We're nothing compared to all of that."
Richard laid back putting his arms between his head and the ground. "We're just dust in the wind, huh?" he said.
"No, I wouldn't say that. That makes me think that something is pushing me and I have no control over my life. I have control over my life, but in the end what I do doesn't matter."
"That's sad."
"No, it's not. What's sad is thinking you're life means more than it does, giving it importance that it doesn't deserve, trying to be something or someone...and in the end it means nothing. You just realize that you have to be who you are, enjoy your life, and not try to make such a big deal out of it."
Richard chuckled beside her. "I like the way you think, Tera. I could get use to that. Nothing matters, huh?" he sighed, stretching his legs.
"Ultimately, yup. I'd say so." They lied there, staring up, watching the sky darken. Tera felt goose pimples break out on her skin as a cold chill made her shiver. "It's getting cold," she said.
"Yeah, well, we don't have much on and it's getting cold out. Maybe we should go." He started to sit up.
"No," Tera said and wrapped her arm around his chest. "Let's stay here, just a bit longer. Just hold me to keep me warm."
Richard lied back down. Tera snuggled close to him, pressing her body against his side. "Here, put your arm around me," she said and pulled his arm under her neck. He wrapped his arm around her back and placed his hand on her shoulder. "That's better," she sighed. "See, isn't this nice?"
"Yeah," he said. "It is."
Tera lifted her leg and draped it across his waist. Richard felt her bare thigh against his stomach and her calf pressing against his thigh. He wanted to touch her leg, run his hand up and down her thigh.
"Tera?" he said, turning his head to look at her.
"Yes?"
"What are we doing?"
"Does it matter," she said and smiled at him.
He chuckled. "Touch. But no, I'm serious. Whatever we're doing here we probably shouldn't be doing it." He could see her eyes peering at him, her face so soft and beautiful. He wanted to caress her cheek.
"Richard," she said, lifting her head from the ground to look down at him. "I hate that word. 'Should.' What 'should' we be doing? What 'should' I do with my life? What 'should' you have done when you were younger? Should is just an excuse. All I care about is what we are doing?"
"Okay then, what are we doing?" he asked, looking up at her. He lifted his hand and brushed the hair dangling against her cheek.
"We're spending time together, getting to know each other. I like you. I think...I know that you like me. So what's wrong with that?"
"It's just...you're my girlfriend's...ex-girlfriends' daughter. And I'm twice your age," he said.
"So? I don't care." She lowered her head and kissed him lightly on the lips. "When are you going to start living your life, Richard?" She kissed him again, deeper this time, parting her lips. "When are you going to stop doing what you should do and start doing what you want to do?"
She kissed him again. This time he returned the kiss, opening his mouth to kiss her deeply, his resistance gone. He rubbed her back, the skin cool and soft to his touch. She moved her hand down his chest, pulling her fingertips through the hair, her fingernails lightly scraping his skin.
She moved closer to him, her body almost on top of him, as she pressed her mouth to him. He moved his hand up her back and to her head. He began stroking her hair, his fingers tickling her ears and neck. Her tongue urgently slipped along his tongue, feeling the warmth in her stomach and the wetness between her legs.
Her urgency increased his desire. He wrapped his hand around her thigh, draped acrooss his waist, and slid his hand up and down, luxuriating in the feel of her firm muscles and smooth skin. As his hand slid further up her thigh, Tera felt her body become enflamed. She moaned against his mouth. She needed him. She needed him inside of her.
She pulled herself on top of him, straddling his waist, and sat up straight on top of him. Richard slid his hands along her legs, up her hips and waist, and back down, his fingers moving along her inner thighs. Tera reached behind her back and untied the bikini. She pulled it down her arms and dropped it to the ground.
Richard moved his hands up her tight stomach and to her bare breasts. She sighed as his palms rubbed her hard nipples. He sat up and kissed her deeply, massaging her breasts. She ran her hands down his sides to his waist. He lowered his head to suckle at her breasts. She ground her crotch against his stiff cock, each lick across her nipples bringing a surge of heat and lust flowing through her body.
She leaned against him, pushing him back to the ground, as he continued to suck at her breasts, kissing the skin around the nipples. She moved away from him to slide down his body. He looked down at her as she crawled away from him, dragging her hands down his chest, his stomach, his waist, brushing against his cock, and then down his legs. She grabbed his trunks, pulled them down his legs, and dropped them on the ground.
She crouched over his cock, admiring the size and length. She wrapped her hand around the shaft and stroked it lightly, watching it jerk, seeming to become even larger. She touched her lips to the tip and then sucked the head between her lips. She licked it and moved her mouth up and down the tip, sucking at the head. Richard watched her mouth slide along his cock and groaned.
She couldn't wait anymore. She needed it inside of her now. She sat up and untied the knots of her bikini bottoms at her hips and pulled it from her body. She straddled his hips, crouching above him, and looked down at his engorged cock pointing between her legs. She reached between her thighs and grasped his shaft. Richard grabbed her hips as she lowered himself to her. The head pushed between her lips. She pressed down onto his cock, pushing it back, aiming it inside of her, and the head entered her snugly.
Richard watched his cock penetrate her, pushing her pussy wide, so tight, and fought the urge to thrust it into her, wanting to fill her entirely. Tera gripped his shaft tightly as she pushed her hips down, forcing his cock into her. His hands slid down from her waist to her thighs, feeling her muscles strain as she worked his cock into her, lifting up and down, pressing it into her, stretching her.
She leaned forward, placing her hands on the ground, her body hovering over him, and began pumping her hips, feeling his cock slide into her. He moved his hands over her body, feeling her breasts, her stomach, her hips, her legs, enjoying her body above him, riding him. Urgently he pushed into her and she gasped as his cock thrust into her. He stopped, wondering if he had hurt her, and pulled back.
"No. Don't stop," she said. "Fuck me, Richard." She looked down at him, her eyes dazed with lust, her hair hanging in tangles about her face.
She slid up and down him, inciting his lust. He pushed up and into her again as she moved down. His cock filled her, pressed inside of her, pleasurably painful. Her hands tore into the ground. She stretched her body out long and lean, her head tilted to the night sky. Richard grabbed her hips and pulled her down onto him as he plunged up into her, feeling his pelvis mash against her thighs and crotch, completely inside of her.
"Oh God," Tera moaned.
She started moving up and down in long, fast strokes, enjoying the feel of his cock sliding out of her and then ramming it back into her, each thrust pressing him inside of her, pushing her higher, lost in the motion, in her pussy encasing his cock, wrapped around him tightly. Richard laid back and let her ride him, let her take him inside of her. He grabbed her thighs to feel her muscles flex and relax as she pumped her hips. He watched her firm breasts tremble and her stomach tighten.
She was thrusting faster, her hips pumping frantically, grunting, as she slammed him into her. Her whole being was concentrated inside of her, feeling his cock press inside of her, sliding out of her, and the painful relief as she shoved it back into her, gripping him, pulling him in, pushing faster. He grabbed her hips and gritted his teeth, holding on as she rode him, using him to satisfy her voracious lust. The image of her tight body thrusting on top of him, the sounds of her moaning and the slapping of her butt against his thighs, and the feel of her tight, wet cunt wrapped around his cock were pushing him to the edge. He could feel his orgasm building, but he held on, wanting to let her ride him to her own orgasm, wanting to see her body, her face, submitting to the intense climax.
Tera grabbed his chest, her fingers digging into the muscles painfully as she plunged his cock into her, grinding her crotch against him, and slid back up quickly to jam his cock back into her, moving faster, feeling the orgasm build deep inside of her cunt. She started to sink down towards him as she shoved her hips down onto him, her body throbbing with desire, overwhelming her senses, the world nothing.
The orgasm crashed through her body like an electric current instantly pulsing through every nerve. Her body went rigid as she crushed his cock into her, pressing her stomach to his stomach, her back arched, her hands clutching his chest, her head thrown back, her mouth open in a silent scream.
Richard grabbed her hips and twisted into her as her vagina clenched around his cock. The cum exploded from his cock, shooting deep into her womb as his back arched, the orgasm rippling through his body.
Tera felt his semen spurting into her and her body began to tremble uncontrollably. Richard felt her thighs shuddering as he pumped into her, squirting more semen into her with each thrust. A loud moan escaped her mouth as she caught her breath. She dropped down, pressing her breasts against his chest, as he pushed into her once more, and then lay still.
Richard wrapped his arms around her, feeling their chests pressing together as they both gasped for breath. He raised his butt, pushing his cock into her, letting the last of the semen trickle into her as her vaginal muscles twitched around his cock.
"Oh God," she moaned into his ear. He started to laugh, making his cock twist inside of her. "Oohh. Don't do that. It tickles," she said, and sat up to look at him.
"I'm sorry," he said. "I've just never heard such a satisfied woman before in my life."
She set her chin on his chest and looked into his face. "I've never been this satisfied before."
"Glad I could oblige," he said and tucked his arms under his head to look at her.
She bent her head down and bit his nipple playfully.
"Ow," he said, chuckling, "What was that for?"
"Just to keep you humble." She kissed him softly on the lips. She sat up, almost pushing his dwindling cock out of her. He stared at her, sitting astride him, her body so tight and perfect. He grabbed her waist, admiring her. "What?" she said, smiling at him.
"I was just thinking about how gorgeous you are. I could stay like this forever."
"Yeah, well, I'm getting cold. You can admire me more later." She dipped down to kiss him and then stood up, his cock slipping from her. Reluctantly, he sat up to get dressed.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
They drove back to Richard's house, finding that Kate and Kyle had left, taking their cars with them. They went back to his bed to rest. They made love, but this time Richard took control. He got on top of her and brought her to a slow, intense orgasm, teasing her as he brought her closer and then slowed down, thrusting in longer strokes, pushing her to the edge, until she begged to cum, and he brought her over the edge with an orgasm even more powerful than before.
An hour later, they were still lying in his bed, caressing each other.
"I'm still not sure how we should handle this?" he said, glancing over at her.
"Oh, Richard," she said. She turned towards him and wrapped an arm and leg around his body. "There you go with that again."
"I know," he said. "It's just...I mean, how can this work? Just think about me coming to pick you up at your mother's house. How would she take that?" He set his hand on her leg and wrapped his fingers around her thigh.
"It doesn't matter. I'm moving out anyway," she said.
"Really? Where will you go?" he asked.
"Away," she said.
Richard stopped stroking her thigh as he felt a cold chill pass through his body. "Where are you going?" he said, his throat tight. The thought of losing her, of her going away, was unbearable.
"I don't know," she said, snuggling closer to him. "Where do you want to go?"
"What?" he asked.
"Where do you want to go? We'll go wherever you want to. I have no place in mind."
He smiled to himself, warmth relief spreading through him. "Where do I want to go? I don't know."
"Of course you do. Think. Where is the one place, the one place your whole life, that you've wanted to go?" She propped her chin on his chest, looking up at him. Her hand was playing in the hair on his chest.
"I don't know. I guess Rome," he said. He slid his hand up her thigh, relishing the warmth of her young body.
"Rome. Okay. Why Rome?" She asked. She slid her hand down to his stomach.
"I've just always wanted to go there. The history. The art. There's so much to learn, so much to do. It'd be an adventure," he said.
"Then we're going to Rome," she said.
He laughed. "Well, I guess I could use a vacation." He smiled down at her, feeling younger, stronger, like with her beside him he could do anything. She smiled back at him and then leaned closer to kiss him. Her hand moved over her leg and down to his penis. She held it in her hand and ran her fingers along the tip.
"Hey," he said jokingly. "What are you doing? I'm no teenager you know."
Tera felt his penis getting harder in her hand as she played with it. His hand was sliding up her thigh, pressing against her flesh.
"Could have fooled me," she said and kissed his chest.
"You're going to be the death of me, Tera. But what a way to die."
"No. What a way to live."