To those of you who have been following along, I say...,
WELCOME BACK!
For those who are just joining us...,
A brief recap:
The hero of our story is named Peter. His parents have recently left him at home while they take an extended vacation. Not to worry. At eighteen years old, Peter is quite capable of takeing care of himself. It was on his first day of independence that, purely by chance, he met middle-aged Janice Kearny, his new next-door neighbor.
However, it was the freak manner in which they met that would serve as the catalyst for everything that has followed and continues even now. (See Chapter 1)
Like most guys his age, Peter is overflowing with sexual desires and drive. The only problem; he had been having next to zero luck with the girls his own age. When by himself, he was full of certainty that intellectually and physically, he could more than satisfy the needs and wants of any girl. However, his shyness and introverted nature always got in the way. On the other hand, and unbeknownst to him, Janice has had extensive experience dealing with young adult men in the same situation.
After befriending Peter, Janice offered to help improve his luck with women. To do so, he needed to better understand them. Aided by some alcohol to dull his inhibitions, she began playing mind games and employing hypnotic suggestions. Soon, Janice had the teen convinced there is only one action to take: He must spend some time living as a girl -- including periodic role-playing as her adult daughter. He is told that he needs to learn how to think, speak, and do things like a girl. And it all starts with wearing the kinds of garments that girls wear, beginning with panties and bras.
Naive, impressionable, and so intensely sexually frustrated, Peter takes the bait, agreeing to follow whatever Janice tells him to do every step of the way. From that point on, she takes charge. He has no idea that "Miss Janice" has seen untapped tendencies in the lad. She has an entirely different future in mind for the innocent teen. Her goal is not so he can gain confidence with dating. She plans to expose and develop his so far hidden traits. The ultimate goal is transforming him into A SISSY. A guy whose only mission is providing sexual favors to others -- both females and males.
Chapter 16 (in Part 4) ended with Peter consenting to being blindfolded by his new best friend. He was then ordered to keep his hands behind his back, leaving him not only blind but helpless as well. Much to Peter's surprise, he next found himself taking a stranger's rigid cock into his mouth.
And just like that, some natural instinct kicked in. An inclination that had obviously always existed yet never before revealed itself. After only momentary resistance did unreserved cock-sucking ensue.
If this has piqued your interestand you want in on the nitty-gritty, I suggest you start at the beginning with Part 1, Chapter 1. Or not. It's up to you.
And now... on with our story.
* * * * *
Chapter 17
The gears had already been set in motion. Without pausing, Peter's head continued moving forward and back. Although blindfolded, his mind fixated on the mission at hand -- and the cock in his mouth. He was owed a mouthful of cum, and he was determined to get it.
The anticipation of receiving this reward, along with all the additional squirming to gain the best possible angle of attack, had allowed his own dick to wiggle itself free within its soaked and slimy confines. The tortoise head had emerged, its neck now fully extended.
For the first time in hours, Peter's penis was once again erect and throbbing.
Meanwhile, Peter's imagination had already created an image of the man whose cock he was orally worshiping, and that was good enough for him. He had no need or desire to actually see him.
However, Miss Janice had other ideas about how things were to proceed. She wanted to remove the blindfold so her student could "meet" the owner of said cock. The prospect of seeing this man threw in a whole new mix of emotions to join the lust and desire Peter was already experiencing. Embarrassment and humiliation, along with a ton of anxiety, were now filling him with a sense of dread.
Yet, one emotion overruled all of that: A desperate need for tasting and swallowing buckets of cum. To that end, Peter's objective remained: Giving the very best blow-job with the ultimate goal of causing an explosive ejaculation and the spewing of massive quantities of cum into his mouth. And until all of those boxes were checked off, the work of completing this mission carried on unabated.
True, Peter was curious to see what the cock fucking his mouth looked like. But the teen had absolutely no desire to look into the craven eyes of the grown man his lips were coaxing towards orgasm.
Even if Janice could read the young teen's thoughts, it would not have altered her intentions. Her playmate would see what she wanted to be seen. Off came the blindfold.
However, Peter kept his eyelids pressed shut. "It's okay, pumpkin. You can open your eyes now. I want you to meet my friend Hank." Although eagerly sucking Hank's cock, Peter refused to open his eyes.
"I'm sorry, Hank. My playmate is still kind of shy. Don't be that way, precious," she spoke sweetly. "Open your eyes, honey, and smile for Hank." Peter's lips curled and smiled as best he could around Hank's cock. But when he still resisted opening his eyes, her tone became forceful. "Open your eyes, NOW!"
Just like a petulant child, he humphed but then cracked open one eye.
What he saw startled him. Both eyes became wide as saucers. Instead of a big burly man kneeling before Peter, shoving his cock into the eighteen-year-old's hungry mouth, there was, in fact, no man at all. It was just Miss Janice! The "cock" he had been so urgently sucking on was really just a dildo she held in her hand.
Taking full advantage of his surprise, she forced his head down onto the pillow then shoved the artificial phallic past his tonsils and into his throat.
Before any of Peter's reflexes could fully engage, she removed the dildo from his mouth completely. As he choked on saliva and gasped for air, she held up the dildo and said, "Sweetie, I'd like you to meet Hank." The suddenness of having something pushed so far down his throat pissed him off.
Adding to his discontent, discovering that he had been fooled. Peter honestly believed that some stranger had been turned on by the way he was dressed. This was followed by a greater disappointment that "Hank" never actually existed. Seeing the way Miss Janice smiled proudly at the joke she's played on him was also upsetting. Falling for her prank while blindfolded was plausible enough. But that he had so soundly convinced himself that he was enjoying sucking cock in the first place was something he was having difficulty reconciling.
And what about that cum feast he had been promised?
Speaking of which, that seemed to be pissing him off more than anything else. Realizing just how badly he had wanted the experience of a big hard cock erupting in his mouth. To taste the hot white lava before swallowing every last slimy drop. To Peter, thoughts like that should be reason enough to turn off any straight guy. Just because he had expressed curiosity about what life, as a girl, was like, was no reason for him to suddenly have desires for cocks and cum. So tell that to his drenched panties.
Dammit, all! Do you know what pissed him off most of all? He still wanted that experience.
Naturally, Janice expected Peter to have a strong reaction to what she had done. When he failed to say anything, she became concerned. Sensing that there was more going on in Peter's mind than just regrouping from what he had just been put through, she pulled him to her and hugged him tightly to her naked chest, asking, "Are you okay, my sweet?"
Being nestled between Miss Janice's breasts had an instant comforting effect. To a small degree anyway. Not that his normal voice was all that deep and masculine to begin with. But when he did finally reply, "I guess so," it sounded like someone else entirely.
In a very soothing tone, Janice said, "I'm sorry if Hank got a little carried away. Sometimes men do that." She adjusted herself, and no sooner had she offered her breast when he latched his mouth onto her erect nipple. "Men can get over-excited and become a little rough. It's something we girls need to expect and be prepared for." She got him to look up and into her warm but insistent gaze. "Remember, mommy will always be here for you." And just like that. As if she had tapped some keys to tweak his logic processors, his emotions shifted from anger and disappointment to overall calm contentment.
"Mommy has so many things to teach you." Peter melted. He could nurse on her tits and listen to her speak that way to him all day. "Although Hank was a little overly aggressive, at least you now know that your throat can stretch to take a cock down it. Every girl should know how to do that. Really, I'd say it is a must-learn skill. It just takes practice to do it comfortably." This brought back to mind the discomfort of the dildo as it passed his tonsils and into his esophagus. At the same time, with each swallow, he had unusual thoughts of wondering if what she was saying was true; that with practice, it was possible to do that without discomfort.
Deep in the recesses of his brain, a voice began yelling at him: "What the hell?! Here you go again, thinking that you ARE a girl. You gotta stop this before things go any further." Fortunately, having nursed at his surrogate mother's breast (what boy could ask for more?) and now being cuddled by her, it allowed his conscious brain to suppress those obstructionist voices. After all, a guy would have to be crazy to do anything that would jeopardize what he had going for him -- even if it did mean delving more deeply into the role of a girl.
"Here, sweetie. Let's lay together and talk." Laying on his side, she spooned up behind him bare skin to bare skin. Heavenly!
Speaking just above a whisper, Janice went first. "Has anyone ever told you that you've got a talented tongue? Because you sure know how to use it."
Peter smiled to himself with pride. "It's all yours for the asking," he cooed with a chuckle. "Any time, any place."
"I just might take you up on that, sweetie. But right now, I just want that girl within you to lay here next to me."
Like a comfortable glove, Peter easily slipped back into character. "Did I make you happy, mommy?" His voicebox also seemed to have settled back into place, in a more like a girl pitch.
"Oh, yes! You made mommy feel really good. Mommy's girl has made me very happy." Comforted by that, he wiggled in more tightly to her. She laid her arm on his side with her hand across his chest and began playing with his bra-covered nipple. "Learning to be a girl is fun, isn't it? You are having fun, aren't you?"
At first, he just purred in response then said, "Yes, Miss Janice. Learning about being a girl is fun. I had no idea that girls have this kind of fun."
With his back to her, he couldn't see the smile his words brought to Janice's face. "Oh my, yes," she assured him. "It's all part of growing up to be a woman. It starts out with wearing pretty bras and panties and doing other basic girlie stuff. She learns fun stuff too. Like what to touch, rub, and lick. The things that can give good feelings."
"Of course, as a big girl, you also need to know what makes guys feel good. Like sucking cocks and drinking cum, and how to do it well." Then in a 'voice-of-experience' tone, she added, "Guys just love it when someone shows a true interest in his cock and is hungry for his cum."
His own recent preoccupation for orally worshiping cock was still very fresh in his mind -- along with a lingering thirst for some cum -- which caused him to blush.
"You said that you wanted to learn about life as a girl. Well," Miss Janice continued, "so far, you've experienced just a small sample of my crash course in girl stuff."
"Sample?" Peter questioned. "You mean there is more???"
Janice pinched his nipple. "Oh, my! You have no idea."
Intrigued, "Like what?" he asked. Only the male side of his brain had taken control, causing him to ask in his normal voice, the sound of which took them both by surprise.
Before Peter could restate the question in his female voice, Janice lowered her hand to his crotch, grabbed his erection. Using the pre-cum that had soaked his panties, she began sliding her hand up and down the shaft. "It seems as though we have an intruder amongst us," Janice quipped. Peter froze. The silky smooth fabric, slick with his own lube, felt simply incredible. "I bet he is about to shoot his load too."
She was right. He was oh so close to cumming.
Just as he was about to cross over into euphoria, Miss Janice sat up, rolled him onto his back, and began tugging his panties down and off. His boner popped free and sharply slapped his abdomen. It seemed so strange to have nothing restraining his manhood. He watched as she placed the panties over the tip and around his dick like an overly long condom on a half-eaten hot dog. All new sensual sensations arose from his hard-on being encased in the slippery, slimy material. This caused energetic twitching and pulsing of his dick as it spewed pre-cum into the pocket of the fabric condom.
Laying herself almost on top of him, they began kissing; deeply. As they kissed, she stroked his joystick in earnest. Lost in a fog of passion and lust, Peter soon lost all control. His prostate, swollen with a build-up of semen from hours of restrictive confinement, released jet after jet of white creamy cum from his youthful gland.
Halfway to unconsciousness, he felt her lips leave his. This was just as well because his lips and tongue were no longer able to function in unison. By the time the eruptions subsided and motor skills were coming back online, he felt something soft, warm, and wet touching his lips. Realizing that his orgasm had interrupted sucking on Miss Janice's tongue, he opened his mouth to pick up where he'd left off.
However, it was not his lover's tongue passing between his lips and into his mouth. A heavenly flavor instantly coated his taste buds. It was cum. Oh, how he had been craving some cum. Miss Janice had used his panties to catch his sperm and was now dangling it above his lips. Ever since he had sucked what he thought was a real cock, a desperate yearning for cum consumed him. That newly revealed appetite for the slimy goo took over, and he eagerly sucked more and more of those cum laden panties into his mouth.
The intensity of his suction pulled the dainty pantie from her cum slicked fingers, and she watched as every trace of it disappeared between his cum covered lips. The yummy sounds he was making and the motion of his Adam's apple revealed just how much he was enjoying what he was swallowing.
After several more minutes, Peter had savored and swallowed every trace of his emissions from those panties. Using just two fingers, he removed a tiny ball of material, efficiently squeezed and rolled by his tongue. Miss Janice beamed with pride. "Need I ask if you enjoyed that?" Peter smiled a contented smile. "I didn't think so. I loved it too! Watching you make cum like a guy, and drink cum like a gal, is so fucking hot! My multi-talented playmate really knows how to make me happy." Now it was his turn to feel prideful.
* * * * *
Chapter 18
It was only 3:15 in the afternoon, and Peter was back in his bedroom still carrying the large bag Miss Janice had sent him home with. She had rushed him from her house so quickly that the taste of his cum still coated his tongue.
Inside the bag was the blue bikini he had worn to her house this morning, as well as the peach-colored one he wore later on. Also, there were four of the five sets of ladies' lingerie she had gifted him. (She had insisted that he redress quickly, so he was wearing the fifth set. Meaning he was once again wearing the same damp pair of panties that he had minutes earlier sucked his cum out of.)
One by one, he carefully assembled his treasures across his bed. When done, he gazed at his collection. They all looked so tantalizingly beautiful. His dick was stirring once more but not strong enough to overcome the restrictive nature of the women's panties he wore. Unable to become erect caused a wave of endorphins to race through his brain, leaving him mentally primed and ready. Likewise, his well-stretched prostate gland began recharging. However, after three rounds of action in one afternoon, his dick still had little fight left and soon relaxed again.
Returning to the bag to discover what other surprises she had packed. Next, Peter found a folded note and an envelope. "Read Me First" was written on the outside of the note. The envelope was simply marked "#2".
This was an unexpected twist. Hoping for the best yet fearful of the worst, Peter's hands shook as he unfolded the note. His apprehension was understandable. It was only mid-afternoon when she had abruptly leaped from the bed and charged down the stairs while demanding he to get dressed.
His clothes were still downstairs, so with no other choice, he put the damp panties back on, adjusted himself back into the bra, then hurried down the stairs to finish dressing.
That's when Peter remembered how Miss Janice had insisted that he take off his "boy clothes" before allowing him into her house.
His shorts, t-shirt, and sneakers were still outside on the porch chair, where she made him leave them this morning. Knowing that protesting about being forced to dress outdoors would get him nowhere, even if he was wearing semi-transparent girl's underwear. So he simply sucked it up. Opening the front door, he stepped out onto the front porch and took his chances at being seen. Ignoring the fact that the mid-afternoon sun fully illuminated his every move, he proceeded to re-dress as quickly as he could. Through the still open front door he heard Miss Janice shouting from the kitchen that she had something to give him and for him not to leave until she did.
No sooner had he finished slipping into his sneakers when Miss Janice appeared in the doorway, thrust the shopping bag into his hands, thanked him for a fun day, and shut the door.
So yes, he had every reason to be apprehensive about the contents of her note. What if she was terminating their games? Suppose she never wanted to see him again?! That would be dreadful!
Did he dare to read her note? This note she must have hurriedly written while he was getting himself together? Goosebumps rose up, and his heart rate rose as well. This note was like nothing he had ever read before. It was brief yet very detailed. And, it was written just for him.
Best of all, it wasn't bad news after all. Instead, Miss Janice had sent him home with a list of specific "tasks" she expected him to complete.
So overcome with relief that she wasn't cutting him off, after all, his joy was uncontainable. With no one there to hear him, he read each item aloud. And the more he read, the more excited he became. Inwardly anyway. Since his dick had already seen more action in a single afternoon than it usually saw in several days, it remained unmoved.
Reaching the end of the bullet-listed note left him wanting more. So he reread it -- only louder and with more emotion. He felt motivated to do precisely what Miss Janice wanted him to do. And he'd do it all as if she were right there observing and supervising his every move. Everything would be done to entertain and please his teacher.
First-things-first; just as she had written, he removed all of his outer clothing. With nothing but a dainty bra and bikini panties left to cover his body, he pulled down the front of the panties just enough to tuck the waistband beneath and behind his scrotum. This pushed his balls obscenely outward, creating the appearance of a soft pillow laid out for his stubby flaccid dick to rest upon. (As mentioned, his pecker had already had a pretty good workout for one day. Hadn't it earned a nice pillow?)
This maneuver pulled his scrotum taught and smooth. The side-effect was that it made each of those little marbles look larger than normal while causing the smallness of his flaccid dick to appear even shorter.
Next, he was to select the silkiest pair of panties from the assembled sets on his bed. They were far less sheer but also smoother to the touch than the pair he wore.
Reading through the note one last time to commit it to memory, he then closed his eyes (as recommended) and set out to satisfy each part of her directive.
Using the chosen pair of panties, he slowly and loosely tickled his dick, balls, and now hairless surrounding area. The feel of the sensuous fabric was marvelous. But grazing it across the sensitive and often ignored testicles created a whole new level of delight. His dick, like a corpse rising from the dead, awakened from its resting place to stand erect and ready.
As if she was standing right there with him, he heard her voice whispering the words written in the note. His heartbeat grew faster when she instructed, "Enjoy how much more sensitive you are down there without all that ugly hair. I want you to take your time to feel as sexy as you look."
Taking her written advice, he slowed down to absorb and enjoy himself. Indeed, he did feel quite sexy. And by delaying, the urgency to beat off intensified second-by-second. His dick, now full of vim and vigor, eagerly cried out for more forceful attention. Very soon, petting and tickling turned into stroking the length of his now steely rod. The silky-smooth fabric allowed his fist to move in ways that he had never known while using his bare hand.
Just as Miss Janice had written for him, his imagination was able to conjure what sliding into a pussy might feel like. Soon his hips instinctively began to rhythmically move in and out. Before his thrusting got too aggressive, though, he stopped long enough to blindly open the pantie and lay it over his pulsing and leaking pole. Pinching the end to form a small pocket, he then regained his grip on things and began thrusting in earnest.
In his mind's eye, he imagined that Miss Janice was seated on the edge of the bed, and he was between her legs fucking her. As they fucked they kissed. Tongues fiercely battling for supremacy. His boner and his style of lovemaking were good enough to elicit guttural moans of pleasure from this older woman. This swelled him with pride, driving him to fuck her harder.
Then something unexpected happened, and not for the worse. Peter's mind conjured up a detail not mentioned in the note.
Just as Miss Janice was gripped with another orgasm -- the third due to his excellent cocksmanship -- she let out a mighty moan and collapsed onto her back.
At the very moment her tongue withdrew from his mouth, a big stiff cock was there to take its place. Without missing a beat, he enthusiastically sucked that cock deep into his mouth.
Repressed depraved thoughts came to the fore. Peter was suddenly involved in a three-way orgy of erotic ecstasy. As Peter imagined realizing his secret desire to penetrate lovely Miss Janice's heavenly pussy, a faceless stranger's cock was tickling his tonsils. And he was ecstatic to be at the center of this debauchery.
From there, the pace of things intensified. Peter's hands held firmly onto Miss Janice's hips while the stranger had a hold of Peter's head. Peter's steely shaft pumped steadily and forcefully into his teacher's dripping cunt.
Without breaking stride in his furious-paced fucking, Peter was even more focused on giving the very best blowjob the stranger had ever experienced. He eagerly accommodated the cock in his mouth as it pushed in and out, faster and deeper. There was no choking or gagging. Every inch of that glorious specimen of man meat easily made its way past his tonsils and down his throat.
He clearly heard Miss Janice saying what a perfect slut 'she' looked like sucking cock, and she loved that in her girl. That was just about enough to sent him over the edge. It was when she said she wanted her belly full of his cum that he could hold back no more. His testicles tightened while his erection swelled.
The sound of deep moaning filled the room and rang in his ears as his orgasm shook him from within. Miss Janice wanted his cum, and he was giving it to her by the bucket full. The spunk began flowing and kept on doing so. With every thrust of his hips, another glob of goop was discharged.
He wasn't prepared to let the dream end. However, when his hard-on became too sensitive to continue, the dream was broken, and his hand had to stop pumping. This was followed by feelings of embarrassment.
To embellish upon what Miss Janice had written was one thing. Fantasizing about unleashing his lustful desires for her was understandable. What was messing with his head was trying to understand what could have prompted him to imagine an additional participant? And why did it have to be a guy? Most perplexing, why the heck had he become more concerned with perfectly sucking a stranger's cock rather than how his own cock would feel inside a woman's pussy?
Could it be that his sensibilities have been modified? To the point that taking care of the needs of others -- not just Miss Janice, but the needs of anyone -- had become more important to him than his own wants and needs?
Peter opened his eyes. His eyes instantly saw the pocket he'd left in the panties was now puffed out full of his jizz. To his amazement and amusement he noted that with each successive ejaculation -- his fourth of the day -- the constancy of his cum had increased. Its thickness hardly penetrated the pores of the fabric.
Following Miss Janice's instructions, he wrung every last drop of cum out of his wilting pecker into the pantie. Pinching the cum-filled pocket closed, he then slid it up and off before taking a closer look. The pocket was now a pouch. A bulbous pouch of cum. The silky fabric glistened as it was forced to contain the gelatinous goo. The sight of which caused Peter's mouth to salivate.
Beyond the instructions on how he was to masturbate himself, Miss Janice's "Read Me First" list ended with one final item. The note explicitly stated, "After you accomplished that -- AND NOT BEFORE -- but before doing anything else, you will open the envelope."
Physically drained but mentally excited, Peter was eager to see what else Miss Janice had in mind for him. Holding the cum-filled panties in one hand, his other hand reached for, then fumbled with the unsealed "#2" envelope. Flicking the folded paper from the envelope, he found an entirely new and extended set of tasks.
Again, this list was laid out in a bullet-pointed fashion. Only, instead of being hand-written, this list was a computer printout. Evidently, Miss Janice had planned his evening well ahead of time.
Even before getting through the first two points, his lips curled into a broad smile.
Without readjusting the panties' waistband that was still tucked behind his balls, he went downstairs to the formal dining room. The large decorative clock that dominated one wall said it was 3:32. An entire seventeen minutes had elapsed since returning home to entering the dining room.
After getting a fancy dinner plate from the china hutch, he placed it at the head of the table -- his father's seat. Carefully, he placed the cum-filled panties down onto the plate, pouch-side down. With delicate care, he pealed open and spread the silky fabric.
Before his hungry eyes, he exposed a lovely glob of pearly white cum. As there had been time for it to cool, it was even more consistent and gelatinous than when first ejaculated. All the same, to Peter, it was a marvelous sight.
According to Miss Janice's directives, this was to serve as Peter's dinner. "This meal before you is loaded with vitamins and protein. Just what a growing girl needs. Do not slurp! Use only your lips and tongue. Take your time to savor and enjoy your meal. Before you begin, you may wish to pour yourself a glass of pee to accompany and complement this fine delicacy you have crafted for yourself."
He had almost forgotten that part and got up to get a glass. Only instead of a regular drink glass from the kitchen, he returned to the hutch. Right there in the elegant dining room, Peter stood with his limp dick hanging into his mother's best crystal water glass, filling it with golden elixir. Returning to his seat and his dinner, he noticed a streamer of residual cum had been flushed from his urethra and now floated lazily in the glass.
With a beaming smile, he bent over tonight's delicacy, inhaling deeply. The aroma was delectable. Unaware that invisible and odorless but potent pheromones were being absorbed by his brain at the same time. Together, they created a nearly irresistible desire to suction it from the plate, slurping it all down at once.
But resist, he did. Instead, he had his orders. With his lips, he picked at the now even cooler and thicker lump of cum. Nip by nip, he worked at it. With each nibble, he allowed the cum to warm in his mouth to release its full, rich flavor. After four or five morsels had warmed and finally slid down his throat, he took a sip of his special cocktail. "How right she was," he thought. "They do complement each other."
Still, wanting the last thing to cross his tastebuds to be his cum, he swallowed the last of his custom beverage before it had a chance to cool.
By the time he had nibbled and suctioned every trace of cum from the panties and licked the plate clean, it was just after four o'clock. It had taken him longer to eat and drink his meal than it took to make it.
More than three times longer!
* * * * *
Chapter 19
With dinner out of the way, it was time for Peter to tackle the rest of the items on Miss Janice's list.
Next up was a rather lengthy piece of business, beginning with a blunt statement...
'NO MORE MASTURBATING TONIGHT!'
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. After four orgasms in one afternoon, the teen was doubtful if he could get it up again, no matter what. The note went on...
'Overall, you don't have much body hair. Just the same, you are to shave every inch of your body -- from your nose to your toes. ARMPITS TOO! For the sake of practice, re-shave your privates too. (In the bottom of the bag, I have provided: A can of scented Shaving Cream; Ladies Razors; Ladies Deodorant; and Lotion for after your shower.) After you have shaved and showered, apply the lotion generously from head to toe. This will help moisturize my girl's skin to keep her soft and sexy.'
Well, that was pretty much to the point. If nothing else, that last sentence made it abundantly clear what the objective here was. For Peter to really know what it's like to be a girl would require more than just acting like one. He also needed to look the part. Put simply, he had to BE the girl!
With a bemused shake of his head, he decided, what could it hurt? So far, playing this game with Miss Janice has been quite educational. At the same time, it had been a surprising amount of fun. So why mess with a good thing?
Granted, it's unlikely that any female would have reason to shave her face or chest. But based on his online observations, it seemed customary for chicks to shave everything else.
As an extra bit of justification for going through with this, he reminded himself that making himself smooth and hairless now wouldn't be permanent. These lessons could end at any time. Whenever that time did come, he could stop shaving and just go back to being himself again: A guy.
Besides, like Miss Janice had pointed out, he had almost no body hair to speak of anyway. Aside from his pits and pubes, everything else was quite fine and light in color. Meaning that it was almost undetectable at a distance of just a few feet.
Even shaving his face was something he only bothered to do every so often. Like the rest of his body, his facial hair grew sparsely. It grew most prominently in just three small areas: on the tip of his chin and on either side along his jaw.
So there he was, standing at his bathroom vanity sink, going through the motions of smearing on his usual foam in preparation on shaving off the poor excuse for men's whiskers.
His bathroom mirror was so much larger than Miss Janice's tiny powder room mirror. Now he had an almost full-body reflection that he hadn't seen before. And what an incongruous sight to behold! With shaving cream hiding his androgynous facial features, the reflected image screamed 'guy.' However, everything else from the neck down did not match that assessment. A slim body frame of medium height, encased in a bra and pair of panties. A perfect example of youthful femininity.
To restore his 'maleness,' he removed the undergarments. Surely, that would set things straight.
Well, not quite. Tan lines remained to reveal a set of distinct silhouettes. Instead of being frustrated, he found it surprisingly amusing. The shadows of the scalloped bikini on his chest caused him to smirk in self-pity. The circumstances leading to those tan lines being there in the first place were so ridiculous -- A teenage boy sunbathing in a girl's bikini. Yet, thinking back on the reasons for their presence caused an embarrassed chuckle.
Then, in that reflection, he saw something that turned that subtle chuckle into outright giggles. At his waist, in the middle of a distinct triangular shadow, no longer obscured by fur, his overworked testicles were remarkably absent from view. Over an hour since his most recent orgasm and his balls had yet to descend. As if to discourage any further use or abuse, his scrotum was still holding those little marbles safely within his body. At the same time, his shriveled dick wiggled limply with each giggle..
Self-pitying snickering soon intensified to outright laughter, bringing about a more violent degree of dick wiggle, furthering his bemused laughter. Even he could see that, when flaccid, his dick had a certain 'cuteness' to it. Whatever pride his erections had previously provided, this current visual created an entirely new perspective of his manhood. Certainly nothing to promote pride. It's little wonder that girls' panties were so comfortable. They fit so well. There simply wasn't much down there to be contained -- at least not when flaccid.
The fact that no amount of self-loathing would stifle his giggles was itself laughable. Based on what he was looking at -- and the various pet names Miss Janice had been using for him -- she had been no less amused by these attributes. Seeing him dressed and acting like he was a girl was a turn-on for her. She had said as much. Little wonder since much of his maleness could be obscured from view.
The thing was, in whatever form it took, he liked her attention. This only furthered his appreciation of these games that the two of them were playing. In just a few days, he had experienced so many things that never would have come about if not for this woman. Indeed, none of it had happened with the girls his own age.
But with, Miss Janice, in just two days, he had gotten to see, fondle, and suck on real breasts. He got to feel, then lick a pussy. He found out that getting sucked off was WAY better than a soapy hand. He discovered what drinking piss is like. (And that she didn't look down on him for liking it.) Better still, he learned what cum tastes like. AND that it's nutritious too! All of this, and so much more. To end his day with bikini lines and a limp wasted nub of a dick was well worth the price.
Throughout this introspection, Peter had finished shaving and rinsing his face. He then began wondering what else Miss Janice might have in mind for them to play. Was there still more he needed to be taught about being a girl? Probably, since she sent him home with a bag full of feminine lingerie, wanting him to shave off all traces of body hair and apply lotion to soften his skin.
Just thinking about what might come next sent chills up his spine. One thing was for sure; he wasn't about to let Miss Janice down.
There was something else to consider: At eighteen years old, he was still half her age. She was old enough to be his mother. Even he could see that role-playing as her adult daughter was a game that would soon grow old. Just how much longer would it be before she got tired of playing with him? That disquieting thought caused him to mutter in resignation, "I give it two, maybe three days. A week at most."
Before that time came, he'd have to make sure to keep Miss Janice engaged by doing anything and everything requested of him. Right then and there, he promised himself: Whatever she wants, she gets. First and foremost, that meant completing his assignments using the supplies she had provided, all of which were at the bottom of the bag.
To get to the razors and shaving cream, he had to finish emptying the bag. Next out was his forgotten bathrobe. As he unfolded it, out fell a plastic pouch. Picking it up from the floor, the display picture tucked into the pouch gave him chills. Inside the pouch: a burgundy babydoll nightie and matching thong -- size: petite.
Instantly excited to try it on, Peter wondering if it would fit him. Even his dick started to show some signs of life with this discovery. Just from the illustration alone, Peter could tell the spaghetti-strap barrel top was semi-transparent and trimmed in ruffles. The crotch piece of thong appeared to be little more than a triangle of shiny satin with narrow black strings connected to it. Eager to see and feel his latest acquisition, he snapped the flap on the package open and reached inside. His hands began to tremble at the first touch of the soft, featherweight material. Of course, to truly get the full effect of such sheer material, he would need to put it on.
Oops! Almost forgot. Shave. Then play.
Reluctantly putting the tantalizing garment aside, he dumped out the rest of the contents of the bag onto his bed. He began setting up to shave his legs in his bathroom when he had an epiphany. Why should he do this sitting on the edge of his tub when he could spread out in his parent's large walk-in shower? Gathering the goodies, he struck out for his parent's room -- this time remembering to take a towel with him.
It occurred to him just how quickly he had adjusted to walking around the house completely naked. He loved this extra freedom his parents' departure had created. Sure, he missed them. But he was going to enjoy this for as long and as much as possible.
His primary objective was to shave areas where hair growth was most prevalent: legs, armpits, and groin. His body tingled as he shaved his legs until they were silky smooth. It was a bit of a chore but worth it in the end. The shave cream had a great fragrance that keyed in with the whole objective of this exercise: be pretty and feminine. Next, he redid his pubic area, to which his dick again gave a valiant attempt at showing it still had life in it. Lastly, he did under his arms. With the difficult areas out of the way, it was just a matter of a quick once over for the rest.
Even with the absence of any significant hair elsewhere, it was surprising just the amount of time it took to shave his entire body. Previously unaware of the superfine, nearly invisible hairs that grew pretty much everywhere, he had shaved so quickly and carelessly it resulted in being covered in stubble. Starting over, he shaved again, going slowly and carefully.
Sticking with the theme of the evening, he washed himself using his mother's fragrant soap. His hands glided across his smooth skin. He couldn't recall his body feeling this way in his hands. Remembering how Miss Janice had tongued his asshole, he diligently washed back there, even wiggling his finger inside. He would never take that region for granted ever again. For the scalp and the only remaining hair, he finished off with his mother's shampoo and conditioner.
Drying off took almost no time at all. Without water droplets clinging to or trapped in the hairs that had been there just a short time before -- especially on his legs -- the towel had much less to absorb. Next came the lotion. If he shaved it, he coated it. Again, running his hands across his now smooth and hairless skin was a delight.
On the vanity, he saw his mother's hairdryer and figured, what the heck? Blowing out and brushing his hair was something normally saved for special occasions. Most recently, his graduation day.
When Peter turned eighteen, his parents stopped hounding him to cut his hair. Just as long as he kept it neat. Peter was all too happy to accept their change in attitude, even when it ended up being longer than most of the other boys. His father said there were worse ways for a boy to "express himself." In the beginning, at night, his mother would brush his hair. Peter was happy to go along if that's what it took instead of getting it cut. Besides, as long as she wasn't spanking him for some misdeed, he appreciated the additional time with his mother. Sometimes she'd also use her blow drier. In hopes that he would do this for himself she taught him how to do use it.
Of course, as time went by, the care of his hair gradually fell to him to do on his own. Mother/son time slowly decreased as well. As is typical for teenage boys, caring for the appearance of his hair became less and less important.
Now, for the sake of his learning experience, Miss Janice wanted him to make himself girly. So, it could be said that this evening pretty much fell into that category of 'special occasion.'
One final detail, he spritzed himself with perfume. Might as well go all the way, right?
He muttered to himself, "I doubt any girls put on perfume before going to bed." Smiling, he paused in thought. "Unless it's to go to bed with her boyfriend." No sooner had those words left his lips when he made the connection between what he'd said and his actions. Then, shrugging his shoulders, he said, "Well, at least I'm not doing this for anyone but me."
Now he was all set to complete his mission. Returning to his own bedroom, he quivered at the sight of all the pretty lingerie laying out on his bed. "But," his mind raced with strange thoughts, "it is kinda fun putting myself in the place of that girl."
He had been kind of missing being hugged by a bra and loved the tight security of panties. However, he was dying to know what it felt like to wear something that was, without question, the most intimate and feminine thing any girl could slip into. "Is this what a girl goes through when she's getting ready for her man?"
Damn! There was that odd thought again.
His hands trembled as he unfolded the lovely burgundy babydoll chemise and thong. Out fell another note. "Remember, DO NOT TO MASTURBATE!"
"Okay! Okay! I get it. Sheesh." Although his dick was valiantly attempting to finish stiffening from its current mid-erection, it was generating a mild pain in his groin -- no doubt from over-usage. Still, even that couldn't dampen the mental arousal and eagerness to finally put on the sexy lingerie.
Stepping into the thong was like nothing else he had ever done or felt before. All along, he thought nothing could feel sexier than putting on panties. This was ten times sexier. The triangle in the front was so narrow between his legs there was no room for his scrotum. His only option was to finish tucking his balls up inside himself. Then, after snapping his dick a few times with his finger, it withered and wilted enough that he could push the turtle head back into its shell. With everything in front situated, he pulled the waistband up over his hips. The string in the back slid between his ass cheeks, pulling the front panel taught, holding everything snugly in place and all but obscuring his maleness. Wearing a thong would definitely take some getting used to.
He was tempted to look at himself in the mirror but held off until he could get the top on. Careful to not mess up his hair, he raised the top over his head, slipped his arms through the spaghetti straps, and then allowed the top to float down his torso. Heaven!
He felt incredibly sexified. Now he was ready to see if his looks matched.
Astonished at first, a smile came to his lips as he said, "Hi there, cutie. I love your outfit. Can I spend the night with you?" A warm glow flushed his face. He... SHE was stunning!
The bodice had a stretch band that encircled his upper mid-section, just below his breasts, offering just a hint of a hug. The matching spaghetti straps held the front up, perfectly framing his breasts, giving the appearance of actual development. Below that expandable band, the rest of the babydoll loosely flowed down like a skirt to the upper mid-thigh. Although it covered it, the sheerness of the fabric did not hide the thong. But it did obscure what was trapped within.
Now this made all the bother of shaving feel entirely worthwhile. Absentmindedly, Peter began twisting his hips from side to side, making the skirt and its ruffles swish and flair outward while also brushing the top of his hairless legs. This sent all-new sexy sensations through him.
Not even 6PM; it was nowhere near time for bed. He began wondering what he should do to kill time while still taking advantage of his attire. It seemed ashamed to do nothing until bedtime.
How about some housework? Nothing too strenuous. Something physically easy. He could begin with cleaning both bathrooms. That was a chore he didn't particularly relish doing, but it was needed. "Doing housework while dressed like this would certainly be different." It turned out that scrubbing the tub, the shower, and both toilets while dressed in such a sexy and revealing manner was fun. And the sheerness of the material kept him plenty cool. Frequently, he would catch whiffs of the sweet perfume he wore.
It was a kick to be bending over and feel the skirt rise up, leaving his ass fully exposed. With just the string of the thong wedged tightly between his ass cheeks, both round globes aimed provocatively into the room.
As Peter labored, he began humming 'Whistle While You Work' while attempting to sound like the girl in the movie. Suddenly his mind pictured some guy walking in, seeing and hearing him like this. He wondered if the guy would instantly begin lusting after what he believed to be a girl. Unaware that the girl he was lusting after was, instead, another guy. Not only could he imagine the shock it would cause the guy to discover that 'she' was really a 'he.' Peter could also feel the rush of embarrassment he would have experienced being caught dressed like this. How humiliating would that be?
What if the guy never figured out that Peter was NOT a girl and instead pulled him to his feet and began kissing him? "What then?" Peter's mind raced. "If I try to stop him, he might hurt me. But, for the sake of my own safety, if I go along with the act, what will he want me to do to him? And what will he want to do to me?"
Without interrupting what he was doing, his mind flashed back to the embarrassment he felt earlier this afternoon. All because Miss Janice led him to believe that a guy, a complete stranger, was seeing him in a pair of panties and a bra. And the humiliation that came over him when that guy actually got turned on by what he saw. So much so that he stuck his cock into Peter's mouth. What really set Peter's humiliation meters spinning was the way he, himself, willingly went along with it. Sucking on the stranger's cock so hard, desperately attempting to make the guy fill his mouth with cum.
The thing was, that moment of combined embarrassment and humiliation was also inexplicably erotic. But when it was revealed that the stranger never really existed. That he had eagerly been sucking on was nothing but a dildo, a piece of molded silicone! This set off another round of both embarrassment and humiliation. Why were those two emotions so exhilarating?
Whether it was showing off in front of the gang of kids while wearing his first bikini. That intense thrill he'd experienced each time he had been forced to cross between the two houses wearing next to nothing. Standing completely naked before his new neighbor so she could shave him. (Not to mention when they first met on his front porch while he was naked as a jaybird.) Then just this afternoon, when he had to step out onto Miss Janice's front porch wearing nothing but wet and semi-transparent underwear. Being forced out into public view like that, even that, had been thrilling.
All of these had one thing in common: Exhibitionism -- The possibility of being caught by unsuspecting parties while in a compromising condition.
Once again, he found himself confronted with this strange obsession with exhibitionism. It hadn't necessarily begun with the arrival of his new neighbor, but it certainly has intensified since then. And the frequency with which that might occur had definitely increased.
Lately, there seemed to be an ever-increasing thrill with possibly of being caught while in some kind of unnatural predicament. What was most appealing, yet most confounding, he really ENJOYED being FORCED into these strange situations. Situations that, if he was caught, would shock the unsuspecting and create embarrassment and humiliation for him.
Humiliation? This was something new. To be so intensely embarrassed, it would cause humiliation. This was something he had never previously felt a need for. Yet there it was -- This burning desire to be humiliated.
Considering the way exposing himself to his new neighbor had been both thrilling and embarrassing at the same time. Then, the very next day, he took things even further. Not only did he whip out his dick, but then he embarrassed himself further by peeing right there in front of this woman he hardly knew. And as if that wasn't exhibitionistic enough, when he peed, he did so into a glass. But then he took exhibitionism and embarrassment to the next level. He got the most incredible thrill humiliating himself by DRINKING HIS OWN PISS!
Peter scolded himself. "What a weirdo I've become. It's gotta be these games we've been playing." Reaching up to close the shower curtain, he was again reminded of how he was dressed. Chuckling sarcastically, "Or is it because of the things Miss Janice has me wearing?" Knowing his lessons were ongoing, as long as he continued to play along, her selection of wardrobe for him wouldn't be changing anytime soon. The only logical option seemed to be; carry on and see where things would lead. Telling himself that Miss Janice can keep a secret. This fascination with exhibitionism and the enjoyment received from embarrassing situations -- and the resulting humiliations -- it was all just between him and her. "It's not like anyone else will ever know about my perversions."
Just as he was putting away the cleaning supplies, his phone rang. In hurrying to his room, his nightie fluttered around his body, and the air seemed to rush right through the filmy material. Both of which tickled his skin, making his mind float back into what being a teen girl would be like. "Hello?" Even his voice followed that lead.
"There's my darling playmate." Peter was relieved to hear Miss Janice's voice on the other end. That she liked him portraying that girl excited him. "Is my little angel enjoying what I bought her?" Without further prompting, Peter's voice box tightened further. The cooing sounds of a girl responded affirmatively. "Did my precious daughter do everything on her to-do list? Is she all smooth and silky like the girl she knows she wants to be?"
"Yes, mommy," his voice squeaked.
"Mmmm... Mommy is so proud of her sweetiekins. I can't wait to see you. Mommy needs her sweet and sexy playmate here with her... LIKE, RIGHT NOW! You've got just two minutes to get your smooth little fanny over here and into mommy's arms." CLICK.
* * * * *
Chapter 20
Two minutes didn't leave time to do anything but hurry over to Miss Janice's. Rushing down the stairs, he threw open the door. One foot landed on the Welcome mat when he remembered the next to nothing he was wearing. Exhibitionism be damned. As tempting as it may have been, there was no way he was about to cross two porches and the yards between their houses like this. Not while it was still daylight.
Skipping steps, Peter raced back to his room and grabbed his bathrobe. He had hardly finished pulling it over his shoulders, let alone tying it closed, as he made a beeline from his front door across to hers.
Thankfully the door had been left unlocked. Letting himself in and hoping he wasn't late, he said, "Mommy! I'm here."
Miss Janice's voice rang sweetly from upstairs. "Come to mommy, precious." This sent chills through him. Casting the robe aside as he hurried up the stairs. Although her room was only dimly lit, he could plainly see Miss Janice, his surrogate mommy, lying in repose across her bed. An even bigger surprise was seeing that, except for the color, she too wore the exact same babydoll lingerie as he had on. Whereas his was burgundy, hers was dark blue. He knew he could only dream of looking as sexy and seductive as she did.
The room smelled of the sweetest perfume. Subtle but quite intoxicating. "Come closer and let mommy look at her sweet princess." He was so glad that he'd thought to take off the robe before entering her room. He wanted her to get the full effect of how her make-believe daughter looked in her big girl lingerie. Putting on what he considered to be an appropriate act of femininity, he shyly modeled for his mommy.
"Oh, baby! You look so sweet. Sweet and sexy." The sparkle in Miss Janice's eyes and the sincerity in her voice put Peter on cloud nine.
In the sweetest voice he was capable of, "Thank you, mommy." Then momentarily pausing to soak in the loveliness before him. "Oh, mommy. Look. We match. We're both wearing the same big girl pajamas."
"That's right, sweetie. Do you like the way I look?"
"Oh yes, mommy! You look beautiful. Maybe someday I'll look beautiful like you." Peter wasn't really sure why he said that in that way, but it was too late for rephrasing.
Janice instantly returned the compliment. "My girlie girl is already beautiful." Peter blushed. "You look so cute. And your hair is lovely when it's brushed. It's so full and wavy, plenty of potential for making your sweet face even sweeter."
Like a scene from a movie, Peter moved closer while coyly curled some hair around his finger, saying, "Do you really think so, mommy?"
"I sure do." Janice combed her fingers through his soft curls. "With mommy's help, you will be a real living doll." Peter melted with her touch. "Would you like that? For mommy to get you all dolled up?" So deeply under his mentor's spell, he gave no consideration to what that might entail. He simply smiled and nodded.
Overjoyed with his response, she threw her arms around him. Before Peter knew what was happening, she had pulled him onto the bed on top of her, kissing him deeply and urgently. Reflexes kicked in, and he responded in kind.
Then, just as quickly, she pulled back, looking him in the eye, said, "You smell heavenly. Are you wearing ... perfume?!" Sheepishly, he smiled and nodded, wondering if she disapproved. Instead, Janice beamed. "You little devil! What a foxy little s..." without finishing, she grabbed his face and pressed her lips to his. Peter's mind filled in the blank of her unfinished statement. SLUT! She was about to call him a foxy slut. And that excited him.
With passions soaring, the intensity of kissing while rubbing their bodies together grew. Swishing sounds made as the silky fabric of their matching lingerie slipped and slid between them was electrifying. Their two bodies moved as one, hands roaming, fingers stroking and pinching. The mashing of lips and the jousting of tongues intensified. One minute he was on top of her. The next, she was on him, then back again.
Natural inclinations had taken over. Hips rocked back and forth. The ultra-sheer and slippery lingerie was all that separated them. Janice's clit emerged fully from its hood and pleasured itself against Peter's rock-solid nub. Now fully reawakened, his pecker strained against the satin thong. However, its lack of elasticity almost completely eliminated any growth.
With all this tossing, turning, and humping, the skirts slowly crept upwards. The only thing now separating their genitals were their thongs and the triangles of silky smooth material. Both g-string thongs had become wet and slippery with sexually induced discharges. Although Peter's poor dick was still restricted from becoming erect, that hadn't prevented a steady flow of pre-cum from oozing out. As for Janice, her juices were flowing steadily and at a rate she had not experienced in quite some time.
Gasping for air Janice broke the kiss. Looking up at Peter with a pained expression on her face, she cried out, "I can't take it! Lick mommy's pussy. Go down on mommy and drink mommy's juices." Stunned at first, it only took a second to process her request and take action, moving into position as quickly as he could.
Parting her legs to lay between them, his flared nostrils filled with the heavenly aroma of a woman's natural lubrication. Even in the dim light, he could easily see that the front of her thong still glistened with his pre-cum. However, his puddle of lube was no match for her own drippings. Wasting no time on his own slime, he began licking and sucking her juices from and through the sheer fabric. But he wanted, no, he NEEDED more. In a flash and without being instructed, he slipped his fingers through the spaghetti string waistband and began tugging to remove the g-string.
All too willing to assist, Janice raised her butt enough to allow the thong to slide from her backside. In no time, Peter had pulled the thong the rest of the way down her legs.
But before discarding it all together, he rose up, looked his lover in the eye, and shoved the thong, still dripping with lust-fueled juices into his mouth. This lusty display of depravity was something that Janice had never witnessed before. An instant and involuntary moan emerged from deep within her. This, of course, was music to Peter's ears.
Once Peter had sucked all of the juices from the silky fabric, it was time to tend to the business at hand. But, to simply spit the thong out would not have made for a good show. Instead, using his tongue, he pushed a bit of the string through his pursed lips. Pinching the string between a finger and his thumb, he slowly pulled on it from between his lips, like a kid's party magician pulling out a rope of scarves. Only, so as not to lose a single trace of the juices, and further his performance, Peter made sure the sounds of his suctioning could be easily heard.
Again, this prompted yet another guttural moan of lusty appreciation. With the thong now discarded, Peter lowered his head once more. Now, finally, for the very first time in his life, he was face to face with what he had often dreamed of, a real, live, naked pussy. It was beautiful. This was way better than any Internet picture or video. Shaved smooth as silk, her pussy was more beautiful than his mind had pictured while blindfolded. And it was just waiting for his attention.
What a gift he was receiving. Having been blindfolded earlier, Peter was finally being allowed to view a woman's pussy, up close and in person, knowing it was begging for his attention. Inhaling deeply and intoxicated by her scent, his tongue quickly went to work. Starting with her upper thighs, his tongue rapidly flicked and licked to capture every delectable droplet of overflowing lube. Lifting her legs, he extended his tongue between her soft round cheeks, licking and slurping as he worked his way to his primary target. Leaving his tongue to do what was needed, his eyes instead fixed on hers.
Likewise, her smiling eyes were watching him. Peter's willingness to lick her pussy didn't surprise her. Nor did his youthful enthusiasm. It was the way he was using both his tongue and lips that caught her off guard. At only his second time, he was already demonstrating superb oral skills.
In fact, the young lad had been so successful at lighting her fires, within minutes, her orgasm was close at hand. But rather than reaching it this way, it was as good a time as any to see if he had what it would take to push her over the edge. "Fuck me, baby. Fuck mommy, please. I need you, now!"
Her sudden and graphic request surprised him. It also turned him on. And it didn't take a rocket scientist to know what this meant. Within moments he would no longer be a virgin. "Okay, mommy." In a flash, the student prepared to crawl up on top of his mentor.
Lifting his top to remove it, she stopped him. "No! Don't take anything off," she pleaded. "I want to watch my special girl in her pretty frills." That sounded extra kinky. And Peter was becoming quite fond of kinky. Smiling back at her, he lowered and smoothed out his sexy top. Janice cooed, "That's my beautiful girl." The kinkiness was about to get even more so. "Now, let mommy watch her special girl's penis grow big and strong. Move your thong to one side and let it out."
Doing as instructed, his dick was free. His balls remained concealed but in almost no time at all, his boner inflated and grew. As it swelled, his mind raced, digesting just how kinky this evening had become. He was kneeling between the legs of this woman who is lying prone beneath him. While watching his erection grow, she continued playing the role of a middle-aged mother encouraging her late teenage offspring. But was his role that of a male or a female sibling? Only guys get erections. Yet, her words continued to be directed towards a female.
What was most obscene, taking kinky to its outer limits, this teen, her offspring, was about to fuck his/her own mother. The ultimate act of incest.
The lust in her eyes grew. There was little doubt in Peter's mind that most people would be disgusted by any form of incest -- and especially between parent and child. But Peter had read some incest stories and always ended up beating off to them. For him, family sex was just about the pinnacle of eroticism. And his dick was demonstrating its own lust for enacting this form of debauchery. To be taking part in such a deviant act, even if it was just role play, was so exciting. Now that things had gotten this depraved, he could further understand why he liked Miss Janice's game. Playing the part of a submissive but sometimes unruly teen, to hers of a strict but loving parent, fulfilled some deeply depraved needs. Not to mention how spankings resulted in rewards of hugs and/or sexy clothing. It reinforced the notion that pain and pleasure go hand-in-hand.
"Don't keep mommy waiting. Make sweet love to your mommy. Mommy is so wet and ready for you." She raised her legs again. "Give me another lick and see how ready I am for you." He bent down to find that her juices had been flowing steadily, streaming down the crack of her ass. Insane with lust, he lifted her legs further until she was almost doubled over and began licking the entire length of her split. Running his tongue from the base of her spine to the tip of her clitoris. He diligently licked and lapped, even deeply probing both orifices to capture and swallow those delicious female juices.
In no time, his oral ministrations were again moving her to the brink of another orgasm. Given another minute, it would have pushed her over the edge. "Oh, my sweet baby. Mommy needs you to make love to me. Put it in. Make love to your mommy." When he didn't change his position fast enough, she shouted. "Now! Fuck mommy ... NOW!!!" The desperation in her voice went straight to his dick, causing a blast of his own lube to jettison from his boner.
While keeping her legs up and on his shoulders, he raised up and moved forward. Peter may have been inexperienced, but he was an informed novice. He knew that this position would grant the greatest degree of penetration. Placing his hands on her tits, he inched forward, and his raging erection easily found its target, effortlessly sliding in.
Simultaneously, there were mutual sounds of delight and satisfaction.
Amazed at his knowledge of this technique elicited praise. "Oh, yes! That feels great." Allowing him to double her over even further, she whispered, "You are mommy's very special girl," then drew his lips to hers.
After a deep but tender kiss, she let him regain a dominant position. She said, "Now, fuck mommy." Then, more forcefully, she commanded, "Fuck me hard." Her words sent electrical charges through his body. Removing his hands from her chest, he took hold of her ankles and straightened his back. Now using her legs like the handlebars of a chopper motorcycle, he began thrusting with great vigor. So much so that, more than once, his backstroke was overreaching, causing him to fall out. After a quick realignment (and some assistance from Janice), he was back in and going at it again.
For Peter, this was definitely a high watermark. He was officially no longer a virgin. And what a heavenly feeling. Pussy felt better than having his dick sucked. And miles ahead of a soapy hand. He would have to make a habit of this. No matter what he had to do to make that happen!
Janice delighted in the expression of pure bliss on the boy's face. That, in combination with the sexy, feminine lingerie covering him, was a joy to behold. Using the silky fabric of his babydoll to tickle his smooth skin, her hands cupped and rubbed his flat breasts.
It was the same with every virgin she had broken in over the years. That unique look that each of her 'gurls' got the first time they felt their erections slide into a pussy. It was a look she never got tired of seeing.
Based on what she had already experienced with Peter, she knew he was incapable of lasting very long. And this would be especially true, his first time fucking. (That was almost always the case for first-timers.) Unfortunately, aside from a few minor tremors, Peter's erection was not thick enough nor anywhere near long enough to give her the orgasm she needed. There was, however, a fix for that. An orgasm was assured.
"That's it, baby. Fuck me. Fuck mommy hard!" her voice pleading. "Mommy needs your cum."
Even before she spoke, hoping to make this last as long as possible, he had been using every bit of self-control to delay his orgasm. But then he heard something that changed everything, "Come on, mom needs you to fuck her, HARD! Fill mom's belly with your cum. Shoot your cum into mom."
Those words... That one word, 'mom,' sparked something deep within him. In that instant, it was no longer his neighbor Peter was fucking. It wasn't Miss Janice saying those words. His mind heard his real mother pleading with him to fuck her. As if the two women had traded places. Suddenly, it was his own mother's cunt his penis was penetrating. The place from which he was born. And now she was begging to have her cunt filled with her son's semen! That was all it took for him to lose all control. His balls moved further up inside him as he shouted, "I'm cumming, mom!"
With one final thrust, a flood of built-up sperm burst forth. "GAAA!" he shouted.
He may have already ejaculated four times that day, but this was, by far, the most explosive. "OH MOM!" He sounded like he was about to cry. "OH MOM! I'm going to cum inside you. MOMmmm!"
Ecstatic over Peter's lust-filled mix-up, she said, "Yes, baby. Fill your mother's belly with your hot, thick cream." Janice watched her lover's eyes go crossed while his face screwed into a mix of pleasure and pain. She could feel his cum spewing and pooling in her vaginal cavity.
His body quaked and shook with each pulse of cum jetting through his dick into what he had believed to be his own mother's void. The reality of who he had just creamed was returning, but that didn't prevent one last involuntary outpouring of emotion. "Oh, god! I love you, mom."
For a few moments, he attempted to continue fucking, but his dick became super sensitive. Now, the slightest movement brought on more tremors and yet more cum. That didn't stop Miss Janice from exerting her vaginal muscles. Doing her best to milk every last drop of cum out of his softening erection. All the while, she enjoyed the way it made the boy quiver.
Peter felt like his insides were being sucked out through his penis. He couldn't take anymore. Letting her legs slip to either side, he collapsed on top of her. His erection rapidly withered away.
Returning to its flaccid state, his dick shriveled and fell out until just a nub was nestled between Janice's slippery labia, tickling her throbbing clit. The last of his cum was left dribbling down the length of her gash.
* * * * *
I'd like to ask... How's the story going so far?
I'd love to read your thoughts in the comments section. So please, take a minute to express your likes and/or dislikes.
ALSO, feel free to DM me to share your views and/or experiences. Any ideas, suggestions, and questions are always welcome. Come on. Give me a piece of your mind.
One last request, PLEASE VOTE! Thanks!