This had to be the most boring 2nd date of my life!
It was Sunday, and I was with Chris again. The first date was fun, so I agreed to catch up for lunch the next day. Chris had booked a fancy restaurant, and the conversation was dull as dishwater! I was wearing a red dress which showed off my curvy body nicely and made it clear that I wasn't wearing a bra. Chris kept checking out my cleavage during the meal.
"I had a great time last night," He said with a grin.
"Yeah, it was...fun." I tried to force a smile and sound sincere, but I was bored out of my mind. He kept asking me about myself but was way too scared to ask me anything, even remotely naughty or flirty. I mean, who goes on a second date and doesn't even flirt?
I was bored, so I played with him a bit. I reached forward, took a breadstick, and then took a bite while smiling at him. I seductively licked the breadstick's tip with my tongue before putting the whole thing into my mouth and slowly pulling it back out, sucking it up and down.
I could tell he was getting turned on by the way I was teasing him. He shifted uncomfortably in his seat and looked at me nervously. I knew he wanted me, so I decided to keep going and push him a bit further.
"Chris, did you know that breadsticks are one of my favourite foods?" I said with a naughty grin as I leaned forward and put my elbows on the table, resting them on my breasts.
He shifted in his seat again and blushed a little. "Uhh...really?" He said nervously.
"Yeah...they taste soooo good," I said as I licked the breadstick up and down and took another bite.
"Uh-huh," Chris mumbled while blushing more. I could tell he was getting nervous and embarrassed by the way I was teasing him.
I finished eating the breadstick, leaned forward even further and placed both elbows on the table, pushing up my big tits. They were nearly falling out of my dress. Chris was staring at them and trying to hide his erection.
"Chris, did you know that breadsticks aren't the only things I like to suck on?" I said.
Chris cleared his throat nervously and tried not to look at my tits, but he couldn't help himself. He glanced down at them briefly before looking back up at me. "No." He muttered.
I leaned in even further and whispered seductively, "Would you like to know what else I like to suck on?" I said. Chris shifted uncomfortably in his seat once more and nodded his head slowly.
I giggled and licked the tip of the breadstick before retaking a big bite of it. "I'll probably let you know sometime soon," I said.
Chris blushed even more and looked nervous. He'd probably have gotten lucky were it not for the message from my Dad, which I received halfway through our date.
Dad: "Hope you are coming home after lunch. I have something special planned for you. Mom and Dean are not at home."
Me: "Can't wait! ;-)."
I couldn't wait to get home and continue having incestuous fun with my Dad. Chris noticed the big grin on my face and asked me what I was grinning about. I told him it was nothing, just a silly joke one of my friends had sent me.
Chris drove me home after lunch and dropped me off outside our house. I thanked him for the lovely lunch and gave him a peck on the cheek before getting out of his car. I practically ran inside after he drove off.
"Hey, Daddy!" I called as I walked into the living room. I had half expected him to be naked and waiting for me, but instead, he called out to me from the poolside.
"Out here, Erika!" He yelled back.
I walked through the sliding glass doors leading out to the pool area and gasped when I saw Uncle Mike sitting with my Dad.
"Uncle Mike!" I exclaimed as I saw him sitting on a sun lounger beside my Dad. I was a bit disappointed that my Dad wasn't ready for me, but I hid it well.
"Hiya, Erika! Good to see ya." Uncle Mike said with a big grin as he ogled my tits in my revealing dress. Uncle Mike is Dad's best friend and also Autumn's father; he was married to Dad's sister, Aunt Isis, until a few years ago. He's also a teacher at the school, along with his mom.
Dad was lying on a sun lounger beside Uncle Mike, wearing only his swimming trunks and sunglasses. "Hey, sweetie. How was your date with Chris?" He said with a smug grin on his face.
"Boring! It was super boring." I replied as I walked over to where they were sitting. "What's up with you two?" I asked.
Dad shrugged his shoulders and laughed. "Not much. Just hanging out by the pool. Your mom left for some church meeting with Karen. She won't come in for at least a few hours."
"God knows how Asa tolerates that bitch Karen!" Uncle Mike added sarcastically. "She's such a prude!"
Karen was the pastor's wife and my mother's best friend. She's religious and uptight and has no sense of humour whatsoever. Mom's pretty simple, though, and loves helping out with the church, though, and considers her her closest friend.
"Well, I guess I'll leave you two to hang out," I said, and was about to turn around when Uncle Mike called me out.
He patted the spot next to him on the sun lounger. "Why don't you join us? You look like you could use some sun!" He said with a mischievous grin as he stared at my tits again. He's always been a bit of a pervert, and I'd usually avoid him.
"Yeah, Erika. Why don't you change into a bikini and join us?" Dad suggested with a smirk.
I wasn't sure where my Dad was going with this, but I decided to play along anyway. I giggled and gave them both an innocent smile. "Okay, Daddy!" I replied cheerfully and walked back into the house to go upstairs and change.
Walking up the stairs to my bedroom, I wondered what bikini to wear. I knew Dad would get a kick out of seeing me in something skimpy, so I decided to pick out the sluttiest bikini I owned. I rummaged through my closet and found a skimpy yellow bikini which showed off my tits and ass perfectly. The top barely covered my nipples with a thin triangular patch and had strings tied behind my neck and back. The bottom barely covered my pussy and ass cheeks, showing off my round curves nicely.
I giggled as I wondered what my Dad and Uncle Mike would think when they saw me in this slutty bikini. I quickly changed into it and walked downstairs back to the pool area.
Uncle Mike and Dad looked up as I walked out onto the patio. Their jaws dropped when they saw me.
"Wow, Erika! You look...wow!" Uncle Mike exclaimed as he stared at my tits and ass in my tiny bikini. I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I walked over to where they were sitting.
"Do you like my bikini, Daddy?" I asked innocently as I stood before him with my hands on my hips, showing off my curvy figure.
Dad smirked at me and nodded his head approvingly. "You look gorgeous, honey. Now why don't you lie on that sun lounger and relax?"
I smiled and sat down on the empty sun lounger next to them. I stretched my arms above my head and arched my back, pushing my tits out and stretching my slutty bikini top even tighter against my big boobs. Uncle Mike and Dad stared at my tits as they jiggled slightly when I stretched.
After stretching for a bit, I lay back on the sun lounger and relaxed, basking in the afternoon sunshine. Dad and Uncle Mike chatted quietly, occasionally glancing at me and checking me out.
After a few minutes of relaxing, I stretched again and arched my back, pushing out my tits again and making them jiggle. "Mmm...feels so good." I moaned softly.
It was getting hot in the sun, and I needed something to cool off. "Anyone wants a beer?" I asked as I got up and walked towards the outdoor fridge.
"Yeah, I'll take one." Uncle Mike replied as he stared at my tits. Dad nodded and held up his hand, indicating he also wanted one.
I bent over the fridge and grabbed three cans of cold beer. I made sure to bend over as far as possible, sticking out my ass and showing off my curves. "Here you go," I chirped, handing them their beers.
Dad and Uncle Mike couldn't resist staring at my tits as I bent over in front of them. Uncle Mike licked his lips and grinned at me. "Thanks, Erika." He said as he stared at my tits.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him before sitting back down on my sun lounger. I cracked open my beer and took a sip. It was refreshingly cold and tasted great. I drank about half before setting it on the table beside me.
Uncle Mike and Dad sipped their beers and continued chatting quietly amongst themselves.
----------------------------------------
Unknown to me, my Dad, Steve, had planned all this out and was putting his plan in motion with Uncle Mike as they chatted quietly.
"So Mike, what do you think of Erika in that bikini?" Steve said with a sly grin.
Mike chuckled and took a sip of his beer. "Damn, she looks hot as hell! Her tits are fucking amazing!" He replied as he stared at Erika's tits in her slutty bikini.
Steve grinned and nodded his head. "Yeah, she does look pretty damn hot." He replied. "She's always been a tease, ever since she was a teenager."
Mike nodded his head and took another sip of his beer. "Well, she definitely loves to show off her body." He said with a mischievous grin on his face.
Steve laughed and nodded his head. "I've caught her sunbathing topless a few times." He replied as he stared at Erika's tits jiggling in her bikini.
Mike chuckled and stared at Erika's tits as well. "Damn, Steve! You get to check her out like this everyday, you are one lucky guy. I haven't seen a pair of tits in months! Dating is hard in your 40s!" He replied as he ogled Erika's tits.
Mike smirked, "I wish I had a pool at my place. Autumn would look hot as hell in a bikini like that." He added as he continued staring at Erika's tits.
Steve shrugged his shoulders and grinned at his friend. "I'm thinking maybe we can get her to show us a bit more." He said with a devious grin on his face.
Mike raised an eyebrow and grinned at him. "Really? What are you thinking?" He asked curiously.
Steve chuckled and sipped his beer. "Well, I think we should get her a bit drunk and try to tease her and see how far she goes."
--------------------------------
I found it cute how they were trying to sneak glances at my tits while talking. After a few minutes of relaxing, I teased them some more. I picked up the bottle of suntan lotion lying on the ground next to me and squirted some into my hand. I rubbed it all over my tits first, smearing it all over my skin and making my bikini top stick to my wet, slippery tits. Uncle Mike and Dad stared at me as I rubbed lotion all over my big tits, squeezing them gently and making them jiggle even more.
After rubbing lotion on my tits, I started rubbing it all over my stomach and hips, running my hands up and down my smooth skin and pushing out my slutty yellow bikini bottom, showing off my ass cheeks. I rubbed it over my ass cheeks and thighs, making them nice and shiny in the sun. I glanced at Dad and Uncle Mike and saw them staring at me with lust-filled eyes as they watched me rub lotion all over my sexy body.
I looked at them and giggled. "It's getting pretty hot, isn't it?" I asked innocently as I continued rubbing lotion all over my tits.
"Yes, very hot!" Uncle Mike replied as he stared at my tits. "So Erika, do you sunbathe like this often?"
Dad smirked at me and nudged Uncle Mike. "You should've seen her last week. She was completely topless!" He said with a chuckle.
Uncle Mike raised an eyebrow and grinned at me. "Really? Completely topless?" He asked curiously.
I giggled, smiled innocently, and cupped my tits for them, "Well, don't they look good without any tan lines." I said with a giggle and squeezed my tits gently, making them jiggle.
Uncle Mike licked his lips and stared at my tits, which were jiggling in my slutty yellow bikini. "Yeah, they do look pretty damn good. Especially in this bikini!" He said as he continued staring at my tits.
"Thanks, Uncle Mike!" I replied cheerfully as I played with my bikini top. "I like this one...it shows off my curves nicely," I said with a grin.
Dad and Uncle Mike chuckled as they watched me play with my tits and show off for them. After rubbing lotion all over myself, I set the bottle down and lay back on the sun lounger. I stretched again, arched my back, pushing my tits out and showing off my curves. I finished my beer, and Dad offered me another.
I picked up my beer and took a few sips. The beer was refreshingly cold and tasted great, and it made me feel horny and daring. I set my beer on the table beside me and smiled mischievously at Uncle Mike and Dad. "You know what? I think I'm gonna go for a quick dip in the pool." I announced as I stood up and walked over to the pool's edge.
Uncle Mike and Dad watched intently as I entered the pool and dived in. The water felt great on my warm, lotion-covered skin. I swam over to the shallow end of the pool and stood up, showing off my curves to Uncle Mike and Dad.
I pushed my wet hair back and smiled innocently at them. "The water feels great!" I exclaimed as I splashed water on my tits.
"Well, why don't you guys come join me then?" I suggested with a mischievous smile on my face. I was a bit drunk and feeling horny and daring.
Uncle Mike and Dad exchanged glances before standing up and walking over to the pool. They both stripped down to their boxers and jumped in with me.
We splashed around and swam for a while, playing and having fun together. Uncle Mike and Dad kept staring at my tits and checking out my curves as I swam around the pool. Eventually, I decided to sit down on the steps at the pool's shallow end. Dad and Uncle Mike joined me and sat down next to me.
"Ahhh...this feels good." I sighed contentedly as I sat down on the steps of the pool and leaned back, letting the water wash over my lotion-covered skin. They came over and sat down next to me. I giggled and smiled at them as I splashed water on my tits and pushed them up, making them bounce. Uncle Mike and Dad couldn't tear their eyes away from my tits as they floated in the water.
I giggled as they stared at me. "You like my tits, don't you, Uncle Mike?" I asked mischievously.
Uncle Mike stuttered and blushed even more, not knowing what to say. "I uhh...well, you...you've turned into a very beautiful young girl Erika." He replied as he stared at my tits.
"Oh come on, you used to stare at my tits in school, didn't you?" I asked with a grin as I played with my bikini top.
Uncle Mike blushed and nodded his head. "Ummm...yeah, Erika." He replied sheepishly.
"Did you ever imagine how big my tits would grow up?" I teased as I slid my fingers underneath my bikini top and pinched my nipples, making them hard. Uncle Mike's eyes widened as he watched me play with my tits.
"Umm...yes, Erika, I imagined it quite often." He said as he stared at my tits. I giggled and smiled at him mischievously. "Did you jerk off thinking about my tits, Uncle Mike?" I teased.
Uncle Mike gulped, trying to find the right words. "Erika...that's kind of inappropriate...your father..." He stuttered.
Dad cut him off with a laugh. "That's alright, Mike... we're all adults here. I'll admit, Erika drives me crazy sometimes, showing off her curves." Dad replied with a chuckle.
"So Uncle Mike... what did you fantasize about me in school?" I asked mischievously as I slid my bikini top to the side for a moment, exposing my nipples to them.
Uncle Mike's eyes widened as he stared at my big, firm tits floating in the water. "I uhh...Erika...I fantasized about doing lots of naughty things with you...and uhm...your tits..." He stammered as he stared at my tits.
"Well, Uncle Mike...what if I told you that you could do whatever you wanted with these now?" I said as I squeezed my tits and pinched my nipples.
Uncle Mike licked his lips and stared at my tits. "Erika...that's umm...not appropriate...you're my niece and...oh god, those look so soft and firm..." He mumbled as he stared at my tits floating in the water.
"Come on, Mike! It doesn't look like Erika minds if we check her out a bit." Dad interjected with a chuckle. He reached out with one hand and touched my right boob, gently groping and squeezing lightly. Uncle Mike watched with wide eyes as Dad fondled my tits.
"Mmmm... Daddy! That's so naughty of you." I moaned as his fingers dug into my boobs.
Mike looked at Dad nervously and then at me. "Umm...Erika...are you serious?" He asked cautiously.
I giggled and nodded my head. "Yup. I'm feeling horny and daring, and I'm guessing you two need to let off some steam. I'm guessing you've not been that lucky with dating after Aunt Isis and you separated." I said with a wink. Dad grinned and fondled my tits more. Uncle Mike watched wide-eyed as Dad squeezed and played with my big tits.
"Go ahead, Mike, give 'em a squeeze," Dad suggested with a chuckle as he played with my tits.
Uncle Mike gulped and reached out with both hands, hesitating for a moment before finally grabbing my tits and squeezing them gently. "Oh god, Erika! These feel so fucking soft!" He groaned as he squeezed my tits.
I giggled and smiled at him naughtily. "I'm glad you like them, Uncle Mike!" I purred.
Uncle Mike continued fondling my tits while Dad slid my bikini top to the side, exposing both my tits. "Holy shit! Look at those big perfect tits!" Uncle Mike exclaimed as he stared at my tits floating in the water.
I giggled and smiled innocently at them. "You can do whatever you want with them." I purred seductively.
Uncle Mike couldn't believe his ears. "Are you serious? I mean, Erika...we shouldn't...your Dad...but these look so fucking amazing!" He babbled as he squeezed my tits gently.
"Come on, Mike! We're all adults here! Erika is practically begging for us to play with her tits." Dad exclaimed as he fondled my tits roughly. "In fact, I bet Erika will let us do anything we want to her." He added with a grin as he tugged on my nipples roughly.
"Oooh yeah, Daddy...do whatever you want to my big titties!" I moaned as Dad fondled and played with my tits. Uncle Mike stared at me wide-eyed as he listened to me talk dirty to my father.
Dad chuckled and looked at his best friend. "See? She's totally down for this!" He said with a grin.
This was all the encouragement Uncle Mike needed. "Holy fuck! Erika, you really are a fucking slut!" He exclaimed excitedly as he squeezed my tits roughly. "Can I lick your tits?" He asked eagerly as he stared at my exposed nipples.
I didn't do anything and just pushed myself up on the next step of the pool so my tits were above the water. I leaned back and arched my back, pushing out my tits. Uncle Mike didn't waste any time and immediately leaned forward and sucked my nipple into his mouth.
"Mmmm...yeah, Uncle Mike...lick my nipple!" I moaned as he licked and sucked on my nipple. Dad grinned and watched his best friend play with his daughter's big tits. He leaned in and kissed my neck as Uncle Mike sucked on my nipples.
"Mmm...Erika, you're such a naughty little girl." Dad whispered seductively into my ear as he kissed my neck and fondled my tits.
"You planned this whole thing, didn't you, Daddy?" I whispered back to him.
Dad chuckled and nibbled on my earlobe. "Of course, Erika. Daddy wanted to see how far you would go."
"Oooh god...I love being your naughty little daughter, Daddy." I moaned as Uncle Mike sucked on my nipples.
"You are such a naughty little slut, Erika. Daddy's going to have a lot of fun playing with you." Dad whispered into my ear as he fondled my tits, and Uncle Mike sucked on my nipples.
He bent down and began sucking on my other nipple, making me moan loudly. Uncle Mike grinned and watched Dad suck on my nipple. "Holy shit Steve! Your daughter really is a naughty little slut!" He exclaimed as he sucked on my nipple.
Dad chuckled and looked at his best friend. "Isn't she? Erika's always been a tease. She's such a dirty little slut." He replied as he sucked on my nipple.
I giggled and smiled innocently at them as they played with my tits. "Oooh god...I love it! I've never had two guys suck on my tits at once before!" I moaned as Uncle Mike and Dad sucked on my nipples.
They kept sucking and licking my nipples for a few minutes until I was horny and wet. "Oooh god...I want both your cocks!" I moaned as they sucked on my tits.
I reached out and tugged on Uncle Mike's swim trunks under the water, pulling them down and exposing his hard, throbbing cock. Uncle Mike moaned as I stroked his cock underwater. "Oh yeah...Erika, you're such a naughty little slut! Holy shit!" He grunted as I jerked his cock.
My other hand reached down and tugged on Dad's swim trunks next, pulling them down and exposing his hard, throbbing cock too. "Oooh god, Erika...that feels so fucking good!" Dad grunted as I jerked his cock under the water.
I hoped the neighbours wouldn't see what I was doing, but I was too horny and turned on to care. "Oooh god yeah...play with my tits!" I moaned as Uncle Mike and Dad sucked on my nipples.
I continued stroking their cocks for a few minutes until I couldn't take it anymore. I gently pushed them off me and stopped stroking their cocks, and pushed them up the next step of the pool, making their cocks break the surface of the water.
I finally got a good look at Uncle Mike's cock once it was out of the water. Uncle Mike's cock was about an inch shorter than my Dad's but was still a very impressive size. It was thick and veiny, with a thick head and a big, bulbous mushroom tip.
Dad's cock was the same thick monster that I loved so much. It makes me so wet looking at it. "Oooh, god! They look so fucking big!" I moaned as I stared at their cocks floating in the water.
I got up from between them and took a few steps into the pool again. I turned around and faced them with my tits floating in the water again. Uncle Mike and Dad scooched together and looked at me expectantly as I swam towards them. I giggled and smiled at them innocently. "Whose cock should I take care of first, Daddy?" I asked seductively as I swam towards them.
Dad grinned and nodded his head towards Uncle Mike. "Go ahead, Erika. Suck on Mike's cock." He replied.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him. "Okay, Daddy!" I said cheerfully as I swam closer to Uncle Mike. Uncle Mike gulped and stared at my tits floating in the water as I approached him.
Uncle Mike's cock was right in front of my face, and I couldn't resist leaning forward and licking the tip of his thick, throbbing member. "Your mouth feels so fucking good on my dick!" Uncle Mike moaned as I licked his cock.
Dad watched with wide eyes as I leaned forward and sucked the tip of his best friend's cock. "Oh god, Erika...that's so fucking hot!" He exclaimed as he watched me suck on Uncle Mike's cock.
Getting approval from Dad turned me on even more. I giggled and smiled innocently at him before leaning forward and sucking Uncle Mike's entire cock into my mouth. "Holy fuck Erika! Oooh god yeah...suck my fucking dick!" He moaned as I sucked his cock.
Uncle Mike reached out and fondled my tits underwater as I bobbed my head up and down his thick shaft, sucking and licking his cock hungrily. I sucked and licked his cock for a few minutes, making him groan loudly. "Oh fuck yeah, Erika! Suck that cock! Suck it, slut!" He grunted as I blew him.
Dad couldn't believe how slutty his daughter was being. "Holy shit Erika! I never thought watching my daughter suck on a cock before me would be so hot!" He exclaimed as he watched me blow his best friend underwater.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I continued sucking Uncle Mike's cock. "I'm such a dirty little slut, Daddy. I love sucking cocks!" I said before leaning forward and taking Uncle Mike's cock into my mouth again, making him moan loudly.
I bobbed my head up and down his thick, veiny shaft, sucking and licking his cock hungrily. I wanted to make Daddy proud, so I sucked Uncle Mike's cock with all my might. "Keep going Erika! I'm gonna fucking cum if you keep that up!" He grunted as he fondled my tits underwater.
"Do it, Mike! Cum in her mouth!" Dad exclaimed excitedly.
Hearing Daddy encourage him to cum in my mouth turned me on even more. I ran my tongue along Uncle Mike's thick shaft and flicked it across the tip of his cock,
"Mmm... your cock tastes so fucking good, Uncle Mike!" I purred before sucking his cock into my mouth again, bobbing my head up and down and deep-throating his thick shaft.
"Oh god, Erika! Oooh yeah...suck that fucking cock! I'm gonna fucking cum!" He grunted as he played with my tits underwater.
"Do it, Mike! Cum in her mouth!" Dad repeated with excitement. I glanced over and saw him stroking his cock as he watched me.
Uncle Mike grunted and squeezed my tits roughly. "Oh fuck! Here it comes!" He grunted as he exploded in my mouth.
Shot after shot of hot, sticky cum shot into my mouth as Uncle Mike exploded in my mouth. I swallowed his thick, sticky cum hungrily, loving the taste of his seed. I sucked and licked his cock clean, swallowing every last drop of his cum. Uncle Mike moaned and groaned as he shot his load into my mouth.
"Holy shit Erika! Holy fuck...you're such a naughty little slut!" He grunted as he emptied his load into my mouth.
"Mmm... give it to me, Uncle Mike...give me all your cum!" I purred as I licked and sucked his cock, making sure to get every last drop of his seed. I sucked his cock for a few more minutes until he was spent and satisfied.
"Holy shit Erika! That was fucking amazing!" Uncle Mike panted as he leaned back and rested. I looked over to Dad and looked into his eyes as he stared at me with a lust-filled look.
"Do you want your slutty daughter to suck your cock next, Daddy?" I teased as I swam over to him and knelt between his legs. Dad rubbed his fingers across my lips roughly and gave me a light slap across the cheek.
"You're such a dirty little slut, Erika. I've got to punish you for being such a dirty whore." He said with a sly grin.
"Erika, get on the lounge chair and push those big titties together. I'm going to fuck your tits like last time." Dad commanded as he stood up.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I got out of the pool and lay down on the lounge chair. "Anything for you, Daddy!" Dad came over and straddled me so that his cock was resting on my tits.
The real meaning of Dad's words hit Uncle Mike at this point that Dad and I were already fucking for a while. Uncle Mike watched with wide eyes as I lay down and pushed my tits together. "Holy fuck Steve! You mean she's done this for you before?" Uncle Mike exclaimed in disbelief.
"Fuck yeah, Mike! Erika is a total slut, always begging me to fuck her tits. Plus, daughters should be sluts for their fathers!" Dad replied as he straddled me and pushed his thick, throbbing cock between my tits.
"Come on, Mike! Wouldn't you like to fuck Autumn if you got the chance? She's always been a bit of a tease like Erika, and I bet she would love to suck on your cock." Dad suggested with a grin.
Uncle Mike had a dazed look on his face as he imagined it. "Autumn wouldn't..."
Dad chuckled and slapped his cock against my nipples as he talked to Mike. "Just picture Autumn's tits pushed together and sucking your cock, begging for your cum."
Uncle Mike stared at us in disbelief. "Erika! You're willing to let your Dad fuck your tits?" He asked incredulously.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I pushed my tits together, squeezing Dad's cock between them. "Of course, Uncle Mike! Daddy can do whatever he wants to me. I'm his naughty little slut!" I purred seductively.
"Plus, it feels so fucking good when Daddy plays with my big tits," I giggled. Uncle Mike stared at us in disbelief as he watched Dad slide his cock between my tits and began fucking them.
"Oh fuck Erika! Your tits feel so fucking good!" Dad grunted as he thrust his cock between my big, firm tits.
"Mmm...Daddy, fuck them as hard as you want!" I purred as I pushed my tits together, squeezing Dad's cock between them.
Uncle Mike watched with wide eyes as Dad fucked my tits. "Lucky bastard!" He muttered under his breath as Dad thrust his cock between my tits, sliding his thick cock between them.
I leaned forward and licked and sucked on Dad's cock tip as he thrust his thick shaft between my tits. "Holy fuck Erika! Oooh god yeah...suck that fucking cock!" He grunted as he fucked my tits roughly.
Uncle Mike stared at us in disbelief as he watched me suck Dad's cock. "Holy shit Steve! I can't believe Erika is such a slut!" He exclaimed in awe.
"I'm telling you. Every Dad should fuck his daughter's tits
and teach her how to suck his cock." Dad grunted as he fucked my tits.
Dad's thick cock felt so good between my tits, and I couldn't get enough of it. I leaned forward and sucked the tip of his cock hungrily, licking and sucking it as he fucked my tits roughly. "Oooh god, Erika! I'm gonna fucking cum if you keep that up!" He grunted as he thrust his cock between my tits.
"Cum, Daddy! Cum in my mouth!" I purred as I licked and sucked on the tip of his cock.
Uncle Mike stared at us in disbelief as he watched me beg Dad to cum in my mouth. "Does she swallow?" He asked incredulously.
Dad grinned and looked over at him as he fucked my tits. "Hell yeah! Erika is a total cum slut. Aren't you, Erika?" Dad grunted as he thrust his cock between my tits.
"Mmm...Daddy, cum in my mouth! Please cum, Daddy! Give me all your cum!" I purred as I sucked and licked his cock hungrily.
Uncle Mike couldn't believe how slutty his niece was being. "Fuck Steve! She's literally drooling for your cock!" He exclaimed in awe. Dad grunted and thrust his cock between my tits roughly, sliding his thick shaft between them.
"Oh fuck Erika! Here it comes!" He grunted as he exploded in my mouth. Rope after rope of hot, sticky cum shot into my mouth as Dad exploded.
I swallowed his thick, sticky cum hungrily, loving the taste of his seed. I sucked and licked his cock clean, swallowing every last drop of his cum. Dad grunted and groaned as he shot his load into my mouth. "Oh yeah, Erika! Drink Daddy's cum, you little slut!" He grunted as he emptied his load into my mouth.
I sucked and licked his cock for a few more minutes until he was spent and satisfied. Dad pulled his cock out of my mouth and climbed off me. "Such a good slut Erika. Now, why don't you take care of Mike, he's ready for another round." Dad said with a devious smile.
Uncle Mike was sitting in the lounge chair next to us, stroking his cock. He looked at me with lust filled look and said. "I want to fuck her, Steve?"
Dad chuckled and slapped his cock against my lips roughly. "Of course, She'll do anything I tell her to do. She's a total slut for Daddy, aren't you, Erika?" He asked with a smirk. I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I licked his cock tip.
"Mmm...I'm your naughty little daughter, Daddy." I purred as I licked and sucked his cock hungrily.
Dad chuckled and slapped his cock against my lips roughly. "Get up, Erika. Mike's not had a pussy for months now. I want you to give him the best fuck a niece can give her uncle." Dad commanded as he stood up.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I got up from the lounge chair. Uncle Mike stared at me with wide eyes as he watched me stand up and walk over to him. His eyes were fixed on my tits as I stood before him with my hands on my hips.
Uncle Mike gulped and stared at my tits as I stood in front of him. "Wow, Erika! Your tits look even bigger from this angle!" He exclaimed in awe as he stared at my tits.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I pushed my tits together and squeezed them gently. "They're all yours, Uncle Mike. Do whatever you want with them." I said with a mischievous smile.
I reached down and pushed down my bikini bottoms, letting them fall to the ground and stepping out of them. Uncle Mike gasped and stared at my dripping-wet pussy in front of him. "Jesus, Erika! Your pussy looks so fucking tight!" He exclaimed in awe as he gazed at my pussy.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I stepped forward and straddled him. "It's all yours, Uncle Mike. My pussy belongs to Daddy, but now it's yours to use." I purred, pushed him on his back, and straddled him.
Uncle Mike gulped and stared at my tits hanging above him as I straddled him. "Oh fuck Erika! This is so wrong but feels so fucking good!" He exclaimed as I sat down on his cock.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I slowly sank down on his thick, throbbing member. "Mmm...Uncle Mike, your cock feels so fucking big inside me!" I purred as I sunk down on his cock.
Uncle Mike moaned and groaned as my pussy took in his cock, taking him inch by inch. "Oh fuck Erika! You're so fucking tight!" He grunted.
"Oooh god, Uncle Mike! Mmm...so fucking big!" I moaned as I finally took in his entire length. "Oooh, god, yes!" I purred as I felt his thick cock buried deep inside me.
Uncle Mike moaned as my pussy stretched to take his cock. Dad came over and stood behind me, and watched us with a grin. "Good girl Erika, now ride Mike's cock nice and slow." He said encouragingly as he bent down and kissed me passionately.
His lips pressed against mine as Uncle Mike started thrusting his cock in and out of my pussy. "Mmm...Daddy, kiss me harder!" I moaned as Uncle Mike thrust his cock in and out of my pussy.
Dad chuckled and kissed me passionately, shoving his tongue into my mouth as Uncle Mike fucked my pussy. "That's it, Erika. Ride his cock like a slut." He whispered seductively into my ear as he broke the kiss and stood back to enjoy the show.
I shifted my attention to Uncle Mike, placed my hands on his chest, and began to slowly grind my hips up and down his thick shaft. "Ohhhh, Uncle Mike! Oooh, god, yes!" I moaned as I rode his cock.
He reached out and played with my tits as I rode his cock. "Oh fuck Erika! I can't believe I'm fucking my niece!" He grunted as he squeezed my tits roughly.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I bounced up and down his thick cock. "Mmm...Uncle Mike, fuck me harder!" I pleaded as I rode his cock.
Dad watched with a huge grin as Uncle Mike fucked his daughter. "That's it, Erika; beg Mike to fuck you harder." He encouraged with a chuckle. I giggled and smiled at him as I rode Uncle Mike's cock.
"Oooh god, Uncle Mike! Fuck me harder, please!" I begged as I increased the pace. Uncle Mike groaned and grabbed my waist as I rode his cock faster.
Uncle Mike stared at my tits as they bounced up and down in front of him. "Damn, Erika! Your tits are so big!" He exclaimed in awe as he stared at my tits, bouncing up and down.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I bounced up and down on his cock. "Do whatever you want with my tits Uncle Mike. Daddy likes it when I'm used like this." I purred seductively as I bounced up and down on his cock.
Uncle Mike groaned and reached out with both hands, groping and squeezing my tits roughly. "Oh fuck Erika! These are some fucking amazing tits!" He grunted as he squeezed my tits and played with my nipples.
"Oooh, god, yes! Play with my big tits, Uncle Mike! Squeeze them rough!" I moaned as I bounced up and down on his cock. Uncle Mike grunted and squeezed my tits roughly.
I looked over to Dad and saw that he was already hard again. Dad smirked at me and walked over, and stood beside me as I rode Uncle Mike's cock. "How does fucking your own Uncle feel, Erika?" He asked with a mischievous grin, placing his hand over my head.
Uncle Mike also stared at me with wide eyes as he squeezed my tits roughly. "Erika! Tell me how much you love it?" He grunted as he squeezed my tits.
"Oooh god, yes, Daddy! I feel so naughty. I know it's wrong and taboo, but I love fucking Uncle Mike's cock!" I moaned as I bounced up and down on his cock.
I was so turned on as I looked down at Uncle Mike staring up at me with lust-filled eyes. I bent down and kissed him passionately as I rode his cock. Uncle Mike moaned into my mouth as I kissed him hungrily. "Oh god, Erika! Oooh fuck...I'm gonna fucking cum if you use your tongue like that!" He grunted as I kissed him passionately.
But I didn't stop; I was filled with incestuous lust and kissed him hungrily as if he was the last man on Earth. Uncle Mike moaned and groaned into my mouth as he squeezed my tits roughly. "Mmmm...Erika! Oooh, god, yes!" He grunted as I kissed him passionately.
I moaned in pleasure and ran my hands through my hair as I rode his cock. "Mmm...Uncle Mike, cum in me. Fill me up with your cum!" I purred seductively as I bounced up and down on his cock.
My lust-filled request was too much for him, and he exploded inside me. "Oh fuck Erika! Take my fucking cum! Oh god, yes!" Uncle Mike grunted as he shot his load deep inside me. Shot after shot of hot, sticky cum shot into my pussy as Uncle Mike emptied his load into me.
I bounced up and down his cock faster and faster until I couldn't hold it anymore. "Oooh god, Uncle Mike! I'm gonna fucking cum!" I screamed as I climaxed all over his cock.
I collapsed on top of Uncle Mike as we both came together. My pussy spasmed and contracted around his cock as he shot his load deep inside me. "Oooh god, Uncle Mike! So fucking good!" I moaned as I rode out my orgasm.
Uncle Mike groaned and wrapped his arms around me as we both came together. Dad grinned and watched us cum together. "Good girl Erika. Now give Mike a nice long kiss." He instructed with a grin as he watched us come down from our orgasms.
I giggled and smiled at him as I leaned down and kissed Uncle Mike passionately.
Uncle Mike moaned and returned the kiss eagerly as I kissed him hungrily. We made out for a few minutes until we were spent and satisfied.
I giggled and smiled at him as I broke the kiss. "Did you like that, Uncle Mike?" I asked as I gave him a peck on the lips.
Uncle Mike laughed and nodded his head. "Hell yeah, Erika! That was fucking amazing!" He replied as he stared up at me.
Dad, who was still standing behind us and had just watched me cum like a slut, smirked and smacked my ass. "That's a good girl Erika. Now get on all fours and let Mike watch me fuck your pussy." He instructed with a grin.
I giggled and smiled at him as I got on all fours on top of Uncle Mike. "Anything for you, Daddy!" I replied as I got on all fours. I stared into Uncle Mike's eyes as I prepared myself for Daddy.
Dad grinned and positioned himself behind me as Uncle Mike watched. "I want you to tell Mike how good my cock feels, Erika. Let him hear how much of a slut you are for Daddy." He instructed with a grin as he rubbed his thick, throbbing cock against my pussy.
Uncle Mike gulped and stared at me with wide eyes as Dad rubbed his cock against my dripping wet pussy. "Oooh god, Uncle Mike! His cock is so fucking big! It makes me so wet.." I moaned as Dad slowly slid his cock into my pussy.
I bit my lip and moaned as Daddy's monster cock stretched my pussy. Uncle Mike gulped and stared at my tits hanging above him as Dad fucked me. "Erika! How does your Dad's cock feel?" He pinched my nipples as he played with my tits.
I moaned and groaned as Daddy's thick shaft stretched my pussy. "Oooh god, Uncle Mike... you have no...fucking...idea... it feels so fucking big!" I moaned as Dad finally bottomed out inside me.
Daddy didn't wait and began fucking me rough and hard. "Mmmm, Daddy! Oh god, yes! Fuck me hard!" I moaned as Dad fucked me rough and hard.
My eyes rolled back in my head with pleasure, my hands buckled, and I fell onto Uncle Steve with my hair falling over my face. My tits were pushed up against Uncle Mike's face, and he took the opportunity to suck and lick my nipples.
"You lucky bastard Steve, I can't believe you get to fuck your daughter like this." Uncle Mike exclaimed in awe as Dad fucked me.
"She's a total slut for Daddy's cock, aren't you, Erika?" Dad grunted as he pounded me from behind. I moaned and groaned as Daddy's thick shaft stretched my pussy.
"Oooh god, Uncle Mike! Daddy's cock feels so fucking good!" I moaned.
Dad grinned and slapped my ass roughly. "That's a good girl, Erika."
Dad's thick cock felt so good inside me, and I couldn't get enough of it. I pushed myself up on my hands again. My big tits swung back and forth, bumping Uncle Mike's face.
"Damn, Erika! Steve is really fucking you hard!" Uncle Mike grunted as my tits slapped his face.
"Mmm...Uncle Mike, no one has stretched my pussy this good since Daddy's thick cock!" I moaned. Uncle Mike gulped and stared at my tits swinging above him.
Dad reached forward and grabbed a handful of my hair, and pulled back roughly, causing me to arch my back. "Mike, I want you to play with Erika's clit while I fuck her," Dad grunted as he pounded me from behind. Uncle Mike grinned and reached underneath me, rubbing my clit while Dad fucked me rough and hard.
"Oh fuck, Uncle Mike! Oooh, god, yes!" I moaned as his fingers found their way to my clit.
Uncle Mike grinned and rubbed my clit, "Damn, Erika! You really are a naughty little slut!" He exclaimed in awe as he played with my clit.
I was losing my mind with pleasure and practically drooling as Dad fucked me while Uncle Mike rubbed my clit. "Oooh god, Uncle Mike! Keep rubbing my clit! Just like that!" I moaned.
They continued playing with me for a few minutes until I couldn't take it anymore. "Oh fuck, Uncle Mike! Oooh god, Daddy, I'm gonna fucking cum! Right there, Uncle Mike! Rub my clit just like that! Oooh, god, yes!" I moaned as they played with me.
Uncle Mike grinned and rubbed my clit faster while Dad pounded me from behind. Uncle Mike's magical fingers sent me over the edge, and I lost control. "Oh fuck, Daddy! Mmmm...cumming!"
My legs shivered, and I collapsed on top of Uncle Mike. "Oh god, Uncle Mike! Keep rubbing my clit!" I begged as I came all over Dad's cock.
Uncle Mike grinned and continued rubbing my clit as I rode out my orgasm. My eyes rolled back in my head, and I came so hard I nearly blacked out. It felt like an eternity until I finally came down from my high, and I immediately got off the lounge chair and turned around to face Daddy with a look of pure lust on my face.
I stood up and hugged Daddy close. "Daddy, I'm sorry for cumming so fast and disappointing you." I apologized and started kissing his chest and neck. My hand went down, and I began stroking his cock. "Give me a minute to recover, and let me make it up to you."
My tits squeezed against his chest as I kissed and licked his skin, begging for forgiveness. "Such a good daughter," Dad whispered in my ear before putting an arm around me, pulling me closer, and kissing me passionately, his hand travelling south on my back and grabbing and massaging my juicy butt cheeks.
My mouth opened almost instinctively, and soon Dad's tongue invaded, exploring every inch and dominating me completely. Dad kept kneading my butt, moaning into my mouth, and making me submissive.
When I recovered, I dropped down to my knees and enveloped my father's massive cock in my mouth. My plump, sexy lips slid down along the sides of his massive pole as I worked its base with both hands. It was coated with his pre-cum and my pussy juices. Slurping noises accompanied my efforts as I looked into my daddy's eyes.
My hands worked the base of his cock faster than before as my lips engulfed the head of his cock, sucking it greedily and making sure to run my tongue all across the tip. Dad's hand landed on my head and began guiding me through bobbing motions, urging me to suck his cock harder and faster.
The look of lust on his face told me everything I needed to know, and I picked up the pace. My head moved faster, and my hands pumped the base of his cock even faster as well.
Having Uncle Mike watch me blow my father was such a turn-on, and I wanted to impress him. "Mmm...Daddy, give me all your cum!" I purred seductively as I blew him.
Dad grinned and slapped his cock against my lips roughly. "Good girl Erika. Suck Daddy's cock, you little slut!" He grunted as I blew him.
My hands pumped the base of his cock faster as I blew him. I knew he was close, and I wanted to make him cum. "Mmm...Daddy, cum in my mouth! Fill me up with all your cum!" I purred seductively as I blew him.
"Open your mouth, Erika. Daddy's gonna cover you in cum" Dad grunted as I blew him.
Uncle Mike watched with wide eyes as I obeyed Daddy, opened my mouth, and stuck my tongue out. The first shot hit my chin, and the second struck my tongue and lips.
Daddy aimed his cock and shot a big load across my tits and face. Shot after shot of hot, sticky cum shot onto my face and tits as Daddy covered me in his cum.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as cum dripped down my face and tits. "Mmm...Daddy, give it all to me! I'm such a naughty little slut!" I purred seductively as he covered me in his seed.
Uncle Mike stared at me with wide eyes as Dad covered me in his seed. "Jesus, Steve! This is better than porn!" He exclaimed in awe as he watched Dad cover me in his seed.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I scooped up a load dripping down my face and licked my fingers clean. "Mmm...Daddy's cum tastes so good!" I purred as I collected his seed and licked it off my fingers.
"Hey Mike, can you take a picture of Erika? I want to remember this moment." Dad said with a chuckle as he stared at me, covered in his cum.
Uncle Mike grinned and picked his phone off the side table. "Fuck yeah, Steve, she's definitely going to make it in my collection!" He exclaimed as he opened his phone's camera app.
Dad smirked and pointed his cock at me, letting the last few drops of his cum drip into my open mouth.
"Mmm...thank you, Daddy!" I purred as I swallowed his cum. I then scooped up the rest of his seed off my tits and licked it off my fingers.
Dad sat on the chair beside Mike and watched me pose for the camera. Uncle Mike took a few pictures of me cleaning up Dad's cum before putting his phone down and picking up his beer.
"Fuck Steve, you are one lucky bastard." He said with a chuckle as he took a sip of his beer.
I got up and went and sat in Daddy's lap, wrapping my arms around him. I was content with the amazing fuck they had given me.
Uncle Mike stared at me with wide eyes as I sat in Dad's lap. "Erika! I can't believe you let Steve cum all over you." He exclaimed in awe as he stared at me sitting in Dad's lap.
"Mmm...Uncle Mike, daughters should be sluts for their fathers." I purred seductively.
"Do you think Autumn would let me fuck her?" Uncle Mike asked with a grin as he stared at me sitting in Dad's lap.
Dad smirked and patted my ass roughly. "She'd probably love it. Autumn is a total tease too. I remember the last time she came over for their pool party." He replied with a chuckle.
I giggled and smiled innocently at him as I snuggled up close to Daddy. "Mmm... Autumn definitely loves cock as much as I do." I purred seductively. "I'm sure she'll love fucking your cock, Uncle Mike," I added with a mischievous smile.
We sat there and relaxed with another beer. Dad and Mike complimented me on my tits and ass and how much I enjoyed being fucked. However, it was getting a bit late when Dad finally gave me a kiss and patted my ass. "Erika, I think it's time we head up inside." He said with a grin.
They men put on their boxers and walked into the room while I wrapped a towel around myself and headed to my room for a nice warn shower to wash up.
My thoughts were filled with slutty thoughts as I showered in my room. I wondered if Autumn would ever fuck her father like I did. I giggled and smiled as I realized how hot that would be. "Oooh god, Uncle Mike. I can't wait to watch you fuck Autumn like Daddy fucks me."