"That's a fantastic idea!"
MacKenzie was glad to hear that Jeff thought his idea was just as great as he himself thought it was. "So, what's her name?"
"Her name is Shana Rodrigues and his name is Rene Joubert."
"I don't care about the guy, just her."
"You don't want Rene? Won't you need a male model for the shots?"
"No."
Jeff just stared at the photographer as the reason dawned on him. "Oh, Mac, you're not!"
"Why the hell not? My dick's just as good as anyone else's."
"But with you in them, it becomes porn."
"No, it doesn't. It's art. It's art whether you or me or Rene is in the shot. It's art, plain and simple."
Jeff shook his head, laughing. "Damn, Mac. I know it's been a long time since you got some but ... "
"Doesn't have anything to do with that. I'm a consummate professional, Jeff. The less people involved, the better. I know I can take my own direction." He watched as Rene laid on his back, his rod jutting up into the air. Shana climbed on top of him and spread her pussy lips, touching her pearl as she impaled herself. The look of ecstasy on her face made several people sigh loudly. "And besides, it makes the work more personal. Puts my own stamp on it, you know? Like Madonna's Sex Book, remember that?"
"Yeah. I remember that it was scandalous."
"And it sold a gazillion copies, too."
Jeff shrugged. "Suit yourself, Mac. If you're crazy enough to do it, I'm crazy enough to help you."
"Great. I'll call you tomorrow. You can give me her number then."
Shana raised and lowered herself on Rene's cock, trying to remain in the moment while desperately trying to catch the tall blond's eye. He had been staring at her for a long time and now, seemed disinterested as he turned away to talk to Jeff Cerbin, the artist. She felt stupid but there was something in his eyes that she liked; a mixture of kindness and loneliness that made her want to reach out and grab him. When he hugged Jeff and headed away, she felt such a strong sense of loss that she forgot to move.
"Shana, wake up!"
Rene's harsh whisper propelled her into action and she moved up and down again, closing her eyes and imagining that the tall blond man was still watching. Her hands moved over her honey-brown flesh, pinching and pulling her nipples until they were rock-hard nubbins and sliding over her soaking pussy. She looked down at Rene, gave him a sexy smile and bent backwards until her head was touching the floor. He sat up and began to raise his hips, driving his tool deeper inside her.
The collective gasp of the crowd caught MacKenzie's ear and his curiosity got the best of him. He went back, hanging at the edge of the crowd and looking over their heads at Shana and Rene. From this angle, he could see Shana's breasts bobbing violently as Rene slammed into her and her lovely mouth was opened wide, tip of her tongue caught between her teeth as she sensuously endured his pounding. Heat crept up to his ears and his cock again wakened, pulsing in rhythm with Rene's thrusts and he bit his finger in an effort to keep quiet.
Just then, Shana opened her eyes and connected with the tall man. Hewaswatching. She decided to let herself go. One stroke, then a second and she cried out, her muscles rippling against Rene's cock as a powerful orgasm swept through her. Rene groaned, slipping out of her and fisting his rod as a long rope of semen spurted over her, lacing her skin with white. The crowd gasped and was silent for several moments until a smattering of applause became a thunderous ovation.
MacKenzie just stared at the woman, watching her haughtily step from the box and parade around the clapping patrons, her sweaty, oiled body striped with cum. She was just fantastic. She passed by him and gave him a wink when she caught his eye, then turned, disappearing behind the box. He wanted to speak with her but she and Rene were mobbed as soon as they'd donned their robes. He was quite surprised when he felt a gentle weight on his arm and looked down into her eyes.
"You weren't leaving, were you?"
"I had planned to leave. I just caught up watching you. Very nice performance."
"Thanks. I'm glad you enjoyed it."
He nodded, embarrassed and wondering if she could see how steel hard his cock still was and cleared his throat. "I was wondering if you'd be interested in working on a project with me."
"A project?" Shana took a step back, wondering if her instincts had been wrong about this guy.
MacKenzie noticed her change of attitude and smiled. "No, I'm not a pornographer. I'm a photographer. My name's MacKenzie Miles."
Shana glanced at his outstretched hand and placed hers in it. "Shana Rodrigues. I'm sorry if I'm staring. I've never met a celebrity before."
"Neither have I." He laughed and was pleased to see that she laughed as well. "Say, if you're not busy right now, I'd love to take you out for a drink and tell you about the project."
"As long as dinner's included." She rubbed her stomach wistfully. "I haven't eaten since lunch."
"Not a problem."
"Great. I'll be back in about twenty minutes. I have to take a quick shower first, you know what I mean?"
He did know what she meant because if he hadn't damn near bit through his hand, he would have had to clean up as well. "Fine. I'll meet you here."