The morning was warm and humid as Candi Palmer walked toward work. Normally this was her chance to get in at least a short jog. Today however she just felt like casually walking and spending the time in thought.
Haired pinned back, she wore her dark sunglasses and today's choice of a leopard print G-string bikini. She went so far as to bling herself out with ankle jewelry to accent her wild woman persona. Candace of the jungle.
Contemplating her date in the evening with Dave Tremont she smiled spotting the bar named "canTINA's" in the distance. Named after the owner "Tina Quinones". Topic for a later thought.
Passing the firehouse she was shocked to see that the local firemen were all inside. Just as well she thought. She didn't really have time today to tease them further.
Approaching a crosswalk she watched as a Police squad car eased it's way to the shoulder. A familiar face was behind the wheel. One that she had not seen since her night in jail nearly a month ago. She smiled brightly as he waved at her.
"Morning Phil. I haven't seen you around in awhile. How's the profiling?"
He leaned his arm on his window sill and admired her beauty.
"Still fingering the bad guys. Or in your case girls."
She steps up to the car door and leans in for a stolen hug. She knew that she needed to be careful who saw her being so friendly with the cops in town. Word might get out like wildfire and create friction.
Phil didn't care. He certainly enjoyed the brush of her breasts on his arm. As she stepped back he ran his gaze over her from head to toe. She politely twisted in her step to allow him a view from all angles.
"You do realize that those kind of bikini's are illegal to wear in public."
"So arrest me. Fight me to the ground as I resist." She giggles.
"Just letting you know. Until I get any reports I won't stop you for it. Besides, you know damned well that you make my day."
Shifting her shoulder bag she sticks her tongue out at him, "I bet I do. Don't you be stroking that nightstick until after dark. That's my job when you decide to allow it. It doesn't seem like the cops in this town want much to do with me. I know that Damian has given you all permission to play with me."
Phil fidgets looking forward through his windshield for a moment, "I reckon it's just caution on our part. We can't get so involved that we put our career's on the line. Small town gossip can get messy."
"No more messy than all the stuff I get away with. With your help I might add."
"True dat! So far other than that stunt you pulled at the football game there's been no complaint's. Just learn to observe what you're doing before you do it."
"You know I'll push my limits, Phil. Let people complain. Damian wants me to act like a slut. I enjoy teasing. I'll watch it when kids are out of school."
"Not every person in town has an open mind. Church folk. Elderly. Just be smart."
"If you keep playing Father figure I'll go against your wishes. I can easily strip this bikini off and finish my walk to work. We can test that theory and see who complains."
He frowns, "Now, now! Keep it on."
She lowers her sunglasses and winks at him over her brow.
"Have a good day Phil. Tell Dale I said hi."
He watches as she wiggles across the street in front of him and whistles to himself. Some day he was going to have to either arrest her or fuck her silly. Most likely both.
Continuing her journey she kept the name Phil on her mind. Her father's name was Phil. After the events in St. Louis she still felt ashamed of herself. She allowed her own Father to sexually abuse her during her dancing at Pony'S EXpress. Not that he knew it was her. Or at the very least let on that he knew. Still, she shivered at the moment that he paused at mid eye contact. As if a recognition yet without certainty. She pouted at the thought of what he would have to say if he realized the truth. About both of their actions.
"Will you STOP!" She taps the ball of her hand on her temple. Thinking about it was making her miserable. She needed to be perky and attentive to the gym members. Today she was determined to push her limits even further. Yesterday, she had proven that her nudity at the gym was applauded at. They loved her.
Distracted by her inner turmoil she hadn't heard a motorcycle idling up behind her on the street. A few revs later she turns to face the biker. Pulling to a stop he removes his helmet to reveal the Four Horsemen member, "Reese Owen".
"Hey Stranger!" He calls out.
"Oh my God! Reese! Where the heck have you been? You Horsemen have been scarce since that day you guys raped me. To my liking of course."
"Been out of town. Rode up to Sturgis with some buddies and my girl. Clarence told me that you've upped your game. Sorry I wasn't around to bodyguard you in St. Louis."
She shrugs moving in to offer him a hug. She smelled delicious he thought.
"That's okay. Clarence told me that Damian forbid you guys to watch over me. No need to play out any rehearsed story."
"I knew Clarence told you. That hardly means that I wouldn't have defied Damian's wishes. At least you look safe and healthy."
"I'm great! Few mental scars I don't really care to share with anybody but Damian." She smiles brightly, "Thank you for your concern though."
"Need a lift? I'm heading to the gym right now."
She eyes the bike, "Am I going to get burnt on the pipes? It's not like I have any protection."
He chuckles, "It's only three blocks."
Brainstorm, She steps in to force him to set up perfectly straight. Then, she throws her right leg over his lap until she could be assisted into position. Facing him, she straddled his crotch with her ass rested on the fuel tank. She then claims his helmet, holding her sunglasses between her lips Candi puts it on. Now holding her glasses she drops them into her shoulder bag. He merely shakes his head, "Thank God my Girl lives five towns away."
Lifting the smoked visor she takes her shoulder bag and drapes it around his neck. Following that she wraps her legs around his waist.
"You ready?" He smirks.
"Not yet." To his surprise she unties her bikini top and releases her Titties to the world. His eyes bulged as he shot a glance around him for onlookers. As he does she grips his jaw and forces eye contact, "Stop worrying. Enjoy me!"
Nodding nervously he again asks, "Ready now?"
"Not yet." Both of her hands go to her sides and release the bows to her thong. Yanking it free of her body she places both garments in her shoulder bag behind him. In reaching the bag her chest crushed hard against his.
"You're crazy."
"You're rock hard." She lowered her right hand to squeeze the outline of his bulging erection. He looked down at her as she playfully reached her hand inside his sweats to stroke his cock.
"How am I supposed to drive and not get us killed?"
"Are you ready?" She winks as her visor goes down.
"Not yet!" He jests reaching up to squeeze her tits together and high enough to suck on both nipples as one. The move made her coo.
"Now I'm ready."
Carefully he reached around to grip the throttle and rev the bike numerous times. The vibrations shot through her body. He could hear her cry out "Oh Shit!"
He pauses a moment before taking off to lift the visor to see her eyes wide and anxious.
"You okay?"
"I've never been on a motorcycle. You hear stories about the vibrations. Dear God! They're true."
He chuckles and revs the bike multiple times as each circulation made her shiver with hormonal anticipation.
Without warning he chose to take off down the street. It was difficult to keep his eyes off of her. After a moment she pulled her hand from Reese's sweats and threw both arms around his neck.
"Take the long way."
He chuckles, "Hold on tight."
She squeals as he speeds up and heads for the outskirts of town. Luckily traffic was slim on the country roads. The few cars that they did pass offered looks of bewilderment at worst. A mile out he turns down a narrow side road as he hears her breath increase. She moaned loudly, "Faster!"
On the open road he took the risk and reached the velocity of 70 miles per hour. The roaring between her legs swiftly made her cum. She screamed into his ear as she hugged him. He felt lucky that she wasn't very heavy and that his years of strength training made him ready for anything.
Reaching a small clearing with a lone tree he pulls over and stops. Shutting the engine off he props the kickstand and removes the helmet from her head. She trembled violently in his arms. In response he peels her away gently and holds her chin in his left hand. Her eyes met his and wept.
He then pulled her into a warm kiss. One that smoldered within seconds. Finally, becoming an inferno. She ferociously clung to him running her nails through his hair. His grip on the helmet was lost and it fell into the grass below.
Her weight pushes him backwards until he laid back on to his seat. His hands roamed her hair and spine as their kiss tormented each others souls. Finally, she breaks away with a gasp and plants her hands on his chest lifting his shirt up to kiss his chest. He merely laid back and looked up at the blue sky. He felt her hands sliding back into his sweats until she could encompass his cock. Finally, she forced herself up to sit over him as she pulled his dick out to begin stroking it.
She was stunning in the sunlight. An Angel he thought.
After two minutes of stroking it she untangles her legs and climbs up on top of him. Fighting the sweats she managed to slip her pussy lips over his crown and feel it ease into her. After a long sigh she begins riding him.
Gyration after gyration she moaned and planted her hands on his stomach. He himself followed along with guttural moans of his own. Five minutes escape before he forces himself up careful not to topple the bike. He literally lifts her off of his cock just as he explodes a geyser of froth all along her inner thighs. Strength fading fast at the feat he falls back to his seat. She in turn merely stretched out on top of him with her right arm draped over his chest to lay her chin on.
Ten minutes they lay there in the morning ambience.
Finally, she pats his chest.
"That was incredible. We need to do this again."
"Sound's like a date."
"I'm sorry that you might feel guilty. I know how much you like your girlfriend."
He scowls, "She would never ever do anything this cool. For now, don't remind me of her. Guilt I'll deal with later."
"If there's anything I can do to soothe the guilt just let me know."
Reese chuckles, "Do? Like what? Give me more guilt?"
"Absolutely! I love my Reese's Pieces."
He shakes his head and sits up, pulling his shirt down. Adjusting his sweats he grimaces, "Yeah. Stained. That looks obvious."
"I'll wash them off at the gym. You can wear a towel."
Puckering he positions her so that he could step off the bike and retrieve his helmet. He plants it back on top of her head then pats it. Her eyes sparkle looking up at him.
"We need to get you to work."
She offers a quirky expression, "It was worth my being late. You just got my motor running. I'm ready for more."
"I can only imagine."
He straddles his seat and lets her wiggle around him to sit on the seat behind him. Her tits crushed hard into his back. "Wanna put your bikini back on?"
She again wraps her legs around his front this time.
"No way. Let the world see me."
He leers around to face her closing down the visor.
"Hang on Evel."
As he turned the bike around he started up and roared down the road.
Holding on? She did.
Twelve minutes later Reese pulls up to the gym parking lot. He grit his teeth at how many cars were already there. He was hardly used to this many members. As Candi hopped off and removed her helmet he ventured, "Business is booming. You have anything to do with that?"
"Of course. Everybody loves Candi. I'm sweet like that."
She hands him the helmet and claims her shoulder bag. Swiftly she locates her bikini and puts it on. She waits for Reese to get off of his bike and prepare to follow her in. She takes two steps then stops to rub her inner thigh where he had splattered her with his morning jizz. "My legs are sticking together. You shoot me with super glue?"
He laughs, "That's what you get."
She frowns and turns to walk in the glass doorway.
Once inside she finds three people in line to make appointments for her massages. She smiles and squeezes her way between the men to look up at Rodney behind the counter.
"Wow! My log book is filling up fast. I might have to take my work home with me."
She then sticks her tongue out at the young men.
She recognizes one of them as a Condor. She refrains from saying his name because she couldn't honestly remember it. Instead he spoke up, "I brought you business. This is Darrell and Peck."
"Hi Darrell. Hi Pecker." She winks his direction.
"Didn't I tell you this girl was smoking hot?"
She feigns a blush glancing over as Reese sneaks past heading into the fitness center.
"How did you know about my new promotion?"
"Kevin let on to Kyle that you were going into business. He's drumming up customers for you."
"Awwwwwwww! That's sweet of him. I'll have to call him later. While you guys are here why don't you join the gym. You know the perks."
"That's the plan."
She giggles and licks her upper lip, "Rodney? Give our friends here a one day pass. I'm thinking they might join within the hour. I'm going to work out today myself. You might need to spot me."
"Sure thing."
"Good! Speaking of spots I need to go take care of something. Stick around."
She swiftly slides past them and moves toward the locker room. On her way she heard escalating whistles from all directions. She in turn twisted on her heels and blew kisses around the room. Once her emotional artillery ceased fire she darted into the locker room and peeled her bikini back off. Stopping just long enough to pin her hair back into a pony tail she heads into the shower stall to rinse off her lower regions. Once cleaned up she returns to her locker and cascades her body with alluring body spray. The pheromones in it were tantalizing even her.
Bikini back on she lets down her hair and brushes it out. Inside her locker door was a lengthy mirror that she checked herself out in. She jostles her breasts around as if fluffing them up. Then, she fidgets and reaches up to the photograph she had swiped from Pony's Express. She truly didn't know what to make of it. Her Husband had toyed with her new friend Kody at his Bachelor Party three years ago. Did he have sex with her? Did Kody lie to her all along or had she just forgotten who Damian was? Surely, she danced for hundreds of strange men over the years. Still, Damian had his lips over Kody's nipple. With a pout she replaces the photo inside and closes the locker door.
She would mull the situation over for another week then decide whether to question Damian and Kody about it. For now she was having the time of her life.
Leaving the locker room she sets her handbag behind an artificial tree for safe keeping. She then moved casually toward her new Massaging room. Inside it she shut the door behind her and merely absorbed the atmosphere. Walking about the room she has to touch the newness of everything. From the oil storage shelves to the stereo built into the wall. Towels, sheets, room divider for people to undress behind. She looks about for the hidden cameras. They were so invisible that she couldn't find them. Good, she thought. Less stress on the client.
She loved the fact that the wall facing the gym were one way windows from top to bottom. She could see out but nobody else could see in. She felt her heart flutter at the prospect of sex in front of everyone yet they couldn't even witness it. The customers were going to feel invincible.
At the back wall of the room she discovered what looked like a massive wooden cabinet. She tried to open the doors but soon realized that they were artificial.
"Hmmmmmmm! What's the purpose of that?"
She then heard the door open behind her as Mark walks in. Her boss sealed the door behind him.
"Hey! i noticed you on camera in here. Let me show you what that cabinet is. This was a gift from your contractor buddies."
He twists the door handles an opposite direction until she spots the cabinet pop open around the sides. Mark then used the handles to pull the cabinet out and drag it down from the top. Resting the entire cabinet on the floor from its wall connections. She swiftly noticed the twin mattress hiding behind it.
"They gave me a hideaway bed?"
Mark grins, "Just in case you need room to play. Cool huh?"
She sits down on it and looks up at Mark.
"Can I talk to you? I mean in absolute confidence?"
He in response sits next to her, "Bend my ear. What's up?"
She offers a confused expression trying to decide how best to approach her internal troubles. Finally she stabs her crystal blue eyes in his direction.
"You went to Damian's bachelor party right?"
He nods without question, "Yea. Wild night. Cardinal baseball game and a few strip clubs. I got so drunk I could barely drive home. I should really have stayed at the Hotel room the guys got. But, no! Stupid me drove home weaving and slapping my face all the way. Why do you ask? You already knew I went."
"Please keep this between us, Mark. I found a photograph of Damian and my friend Kody on the wall at Pony's the other night. He was sucking her nipple. Yet, she hasn't let on the fact she knows him."
"That was three years ago, Candi. People come and go in her business. She might not recall that night outside of a picture. I don't even remember her. There was a lot of strippers around us."
"Yea, but if you look around them at the background they're sitting on a bed. Sheets and all. Did you guys take any strippers back to that Hotel room?"
He shrugs, "I didn't go back to the Hotel. I haven't heard any stories from the guys about any strippers at the room. That doesn't mean it's not possible. Ask Damian."
She frowns, "I'm afraid my questioning him will get me into trouble. That's not the worst of last night."
He notes her discomfort, "Anyone hurt you? You look fine."
"I'm great. I won't give you a rough number of guys that had me. I don't want you to look at me any more harshly than you already do."
He shakes his head, "It doesn't matter to me what you do. Just stay clean. I mean YES it does nag at me the way you seem to push your limits. Damian's turned you into a creature of need."
"Nympho? Slut? Whore? All of the above? I know. Trust me I know. Since I allowed Damian to control me just to prove my love and devotion I can't help my hunger. I do anything and everything just to make him smile. I love being the new me. But--"
"But?" he raises an eyebrow.
"Something else happened last night that I hadn't counted on." She grits her teeth.
Awaiting her to finish he waves his hand to nudge her response.
"My Father and Uncle were there."
Mark drops his jaw, "Oh hell! Did they see you?"
"How could they not? Most of the night I was wearing a leather mask with contact lenses. I even had a fake tattoo on my spine. That was a pain to scrub off this morning. Anyway, toward the end of the night my mask got pulled off and my lenses fell out and got stepped on. So I was wide open to be recognized. I know for certain my Uncle recognized me but my Dad did his best to avoid any direct eye contact. Now if my Uncle doesn't rat me out I'll be fine."
"Shit! Maybe your Uncle will protect you." Mark sighs.
"Welllllllllllllllll! I do have something over him. I kind of sucked his dick when I wore the mask. He shot his load all over my face. I used that to escape my dad. He was really grossed out by it."
"That's insane. I'm not sure what to say about you going that far."
"What was I supposed to do? I swore to Damian I wouldn't fail him. If I had reacted badly to them they might have hauled me out of there before the night was over." She winces, "It gets worse."
Mark places a hand on top of his head scratching it. For long moments he sat in awe until she got up the courage to finish.
"I had to risk my Dad realizing it was me. He was called on stage as a raffle winner. I know he didn't want to but the men there all egged him on until he did. I sat in a rubber kid's pool while Dad dumped bowls of cum all over me. The cocktail disguised me pretty well. Between that and the fact I've changed so much in the four years since Dad saw me last. Tan, long hair bleached by the sun, muscles toned up, fake tattoo. It all helped. I mean he was literally standing right over me. I know he looked into my eyes at least twice. If he puts two and two together I'm toast."
"Geezus! Well at least you didn't blow your own Dad."
She cringes with teeth gnashed tightly.
"Mark's eyes grew wide, "Tell me you didn't."
She nods whimpering, "I did. The crowd made him open up at the very last second. I couldn't refuse. The camera's were all zooming in on me. Believe me if I could have avoided it I would have." she lets her admission sink in before adding, "He still didn't recognize me. Yet at least."
Mark stands up, "Only you have to live with it. I don't think badly of you."
She leaps to her feet beside him watching as he lifts the hideaway bed back into place and latches it tightly.
"I'm glad. Now, if only Damian doesn't look at me like I went too far." She nods regretfully.
"Somehow I don't think Damian is going to let anything bother him."
As he moves to the door he looks out the wall of Plexiglas, "Place is getting packed. Dad's actually being forced to greet the new people. I talked to Rodney, he's going to keep his eyes peeled for newcomers. Tread lightly today. I see at least three people I don't know yet."
"I'll have them eating out of my hands by noon. Faith, Mister!"
He sighs shaking his head and takes his leave. Candi followed him out.
As Mark entered his office Candi parted ways and moved about the gym. Her leopard print G-string tugged proudly between her legs. Her thin strip of pubic hair lightly appeared above the snatch patch. She loved the fact it slipped into view. The animal in her was indeed stalking it's prey. What's a little extra fur she mused.
Eying Reese straddling a weight bench backwards and pulling down the assisting bar she wondered. It hadn't occurred to her earlier. She moves toward him and in turn straddles the leftover room on the bench facing him.
"Horsey? Would you level with me if I asked you a delicate question?"
Reese strained to continue pulling the weight up and down, "Sure! Let's hear it. But, yes I love fucking you."
She smiles sheepishly, "And, I adore that crotch rocket. And, I don't mean the motorcycle."
"Good. Because that bikes a Harley. Not a Crotch Notch. Also I cleaned up my clothing. You looked preoccupied."
She puckers, "Sorry about that. I intended to." She then exhales, "Here goes. Did you and the other Horsemen go to Damian's bachelor party?"
He growls at the intense weight he was playing with. "Yeah! Me and Clarence went. The other's made excuses. Why?"
"Were you at the Hotel room that night? With Damian and the strippers?"
He halts his lifting and releases the bar to drop his hands in front of him. He fidgets with his gloves while looking at her chest.
"I was there. All night. Why?"
She cringes, "All I want is honesty. Please. I think I'm owed that much."
He winces awkwardly, "I'll do my best."
"Did Damian have sex with any of the strippers?"
He pauses to recollect, "I'm not sure. I passed out on the second bed. Tequila did me in. I seem to remember a brunette he got totally naked. I'm not certain what happened when I passed out. When I woke up it was just the five of us. No strippers."
"Five? You, Damian, Clarence, and who?"
He grimaces, "Your Hubby's best man Bart. And, Damian's football buddy Sawyer."
She wiggles her lips in thought, "Both of them are in the Military like Damian. I can't really ask them. Would Clarence know?"
He shrugs, "Good question. I know ole Manaconda tried his best to tap those strippers. I stepped on a condom the next morning but honestly I think it was Clarence's. You didn't hear that."
Nodding with a pressed grin she reaches over and pats his chest, "Thank you, Reese. I'm sorry if I placed you in an awkward position."
"No problem. Damian loves you. I'm guessing he kept it clean."
"I'm not so convinced yet. I'm okay with it if he did. I just don't want to feel lied to after all these years."
"Understandable. Keep your chin up. By the way, how did the Club show go?"
She crawls to her feet and stands to his side, "Perfect."
Walking away she felt sad. Reese didn't need to know about her Family antics. Mark was sufficient.
The three younger men Peck, Darrell, and the Condor player that she had trouble naming were puttering around with the dumbbells in a corner. She strolled in their direction. These were the newbies that Mark had noticed earlier. At least she hadn't noticed anyone else unfamiliar.
"Do your Coaches let you three get off with such tiny weight workouts?"
The Condor she now recalled to be "Ben", one of the sideliner's that night pepped up at her voice.
"Hey! Welcome back. We're just goofing off right now. Thanks for the free pass."
"I'm just glad you caught my pass. I've heard nasty rumors about your hands."
Darrell and Peck busted out laughing. Ben just shook his head.
"Benjamin? Do you even know how to hold a football?"
He rolls his eyes, "Of course I do."
She then caught them off guard as she pulled her bikini top down to reveal her tits.
"Prove it. These are a similar shape to a football."
The three were amazed by her boldness. Eyes swiftly dart around the room to note onlookers. This made them hesitant until Candi reached over and grabbed Ben's right hand. Lifting it to her breast he closed his fingers around her right tit.
"Grip the ball more firmly."
He chuckled nervously as she coyly winks at his friends. Before another word Peck reaches in for her other breast, "No. Hold it like this Dufus."
Ben growled and squeezed the tit he held even harder and kneads his fingertips at it's playfulness.
She breaths in heavily smiling, "Very nicely done, Benjamin. I think Peck might need more pointers. Oh wait. Darrell has a pointer in his pants. But, Peck won't need that. I'll have to improvise."
Darrell is pulled closer as Candi drags him to her side by his shirt. She then drops her hand to rub the crotch of his jeans. "Goal post?"
They all chuckle together as Candi releases his crotch and positions her bikini back into place. Peck and Ben growl at their toys being taken away.
"I'll let you three practice more during your massage appointments. Okay?"
They nod with a disappointed expression which leaves her rolling her eyes.
"I know, Guys. Trust me I'll make it up to you. Right now though I have a little show that will prime you guys for next time. Deal?"
She holds an index finger up, "Give me fifteen minutes to butter up the other members here. Don't leave."
She reluctantly steps away and makes her rounds to each and every member. Today it was all male. Not a single woman in the house. Her flirtations were capturing everyone's imagination. Finally, she stops at the lobby and casually steps behind Rodney to again lower her bikini top and crush her nipples into his back. He looked over his shoulder and leers down at her.
"I remember those. Didn't I Titty fuck those last night?"
She giggles, "That's right. You talented stud you." Covering back up she adds, "I'm going to lose the bikini in a few minutes. Keep your eyes open for strangers I don't know."
"I'm on it." He nods.
"Yes. You were definitely on it last night. This is today though. Any more rude calls from Rhea?"
"Just texts. My sister's a pain. The movies this Saturday. Not sure what flick just yet."
"Does the movie matter? You're going to be too busy to watch any movies. I expect you to be bold. Prove to Rhea how wrong she was about you. Even if you make her mad."
"Yea. I'll do my best. It's going to seem weird around her though."
"Rodney, stop! We practiced last night. You put on a really good show. Turned me on bigtime. As if you couldn't tell by your swell."
Blushing her grins, "I did fuck you pretty hard didn't I. Want the hair I pulled out back?"
"Keep it for my voodoo doll. You can prick me even when I'm not right there with you."
"Haha! Go strip, I'll use the intercom to call out the fake name "JOHNNY MUSCLE, Come to the lobby."
"Cute! I adore you Hot Rod. See ya."
Moving back into the fitness area she looks over at Ben and his friends offering another patient finger which she shares around the room to the others. She quickly sneaks up to the office door of her elder boss Earl. Placing an ear to it she hears snoring coming from his work area. With a cheesy grin she darts past Mark's office and snatches up her handbag from behind the fake tree.
Discarding the bag after lifting out its contents she goes into performance mode.
She giggled and placed the eight inch rubber dildo vibrator between her breasts and folded her arms out in front of her. Her chest crushed together hides the dildo accept for the crown peeking up between them.
She moves by Reese and winks at him, "Come watch the show."
He offers a confused expression but stays where he was working out.
She moves into the majority of members and steps up to a middle aged man known as Stanley where she backs up to him, "Untie my top please."
He chuckles and pinches the strings on her back and about her neck until it loosens and dangles over her arms. Thanking him with a peck on the cheek she moves on.
Reaching another pair of men she stands between them, "Untie my bikini bottoms please."
They immediately respond and draw the strings apart until even her bottoms draped to her sides. The patch remained in place as she kept her legs together and waddled to the center of the room. She then eyes Ben and his friends, coaxing them with a wiggled finger.
The men moved in shyly at first until she spoke, "Hurry it up. I'm really horny."
Facing her she smiles brightly, "Peck? Pull my top off and go give it to that guy in the red ball cap."
Peck looked at his buddies first then toward the man in the cap who looked to them still striding on his cardio treadmill. Finally Peck grabbed the straps and peeled it off of her chest as she loosened her arms enough to let the cloth go away. He then whistled to himself and walked over to the man who wore the cap, "She wanted you to hold on to this for her."
The man laughed shaking his head as he claimed it and draped it around his neck for safe keeping.
Candi looked at Darrell, "Darrell? Pull my bottoms off of me and take them to that guy back in the weight room. He's the big muscular guy with freckles."
Darrell did so leaving her totally naked now. She shivers with intense adrenalin as he vanishes into the next room. reaching Reese he cautiously stutters, "Uhhh! Candi wants you to hold on to these for awhile. So umm, here."
Nervously he drapes her bikini bottoms on the weight bench and darts away. Reese merely shakes his head wondering what she was up to.
As Darrell returned to Candi and his friends she wiggled her bare ass at him. He could only stare at her perfect shape. Giggling she quickly unfolds her arms and wags the rubber vibrator in the air. Vibrantly she calls out, "Who wants to watch me use this?"
Every man in the room whistled and stopped immediately what they were doing. Nobody moved closer but everyone sure paid attention.
She whirled around to Ben and marched up to him with a crushing hug. His hands immediately dropped to her ass and squeezed it. In his grip his squeezing displayed her anal cavity time and time again. The room was deafening. Nobody wanted to breath.
Breaking away from him Candi sat down on the carpet and waved the dildo around the room. "Welcome to my Magic Show. I need a willing participant from the audience to assist me. Anybody?"
She leers behind her toward Ben, "There you are. Come on down. Don't be shy."
Ben grits his teeth as the audience shares a thumbs up with him. He knelt down on his knees beside her. She then placed the dildo in her mouth turning the vibrator on to let it wiggle in her throat. For a few minutes she showed off her deep throat talents before taking it out with a gasp, "YUMMY!"
She then reached out to grab Ben's hand and Place the hilt of the toy in his hand. He felt embarrassed but maintained his composure. As she started to lay back she spotted Reese stepping between the onlookers. He shook his head trying not to laugh as he walks up to her.
"You might need this to avoid Mark's carpet cleaning bill." Handing her a towel to put under her.
He then stepped back fifteen feet and stood his ground with arms folded in front of him. She giggled and hopped up just long enough to roll the towel out under her bottom.
She then laid back and spread her legs for all to view. The onlookers whispered amongst themselves. Compliments flooded her ears. This made her happy to offer them this show.
"Ben? Have your way with me. Give them a good show. I want to break some ear drums here today."
Ben took a deep breath then leaned forward to carefully insert the crown of the dildo up inside her. Once fully in she gasps and calls out, "It's soooooo fucking BIG." sensually.
Laughter filled the room as Ben restarted the vibrator. It began to pulsate within her antagonizing her g-spot immediately. Moaning ensued without a second to waste. Ben was stunned by her reaction. Her face had already expressed a feeling of ecstasy.
He moved the dildo in and out of her pussy as it already began trickling.
Her moans developed into shrill whimpers then a hum of build up in her throat. Her hands darted into the air reaching up toward Peck and Darrell.
"Come to me!" She uttered with wanting eyes.
They hesitantly dropped to their knees to her left and behind her head. She reached out to Darrell behind her and brought his hand to her breast. He took initiative and began squeezing.
Her other hand palmed Peck's cheek at first as her left foot rose up for him to claim her ankle. This displayed her pussy even more to the members. Her right leg rose up toward Ben who traded his hands to hold her leg to his shoulder. Her hips raised he could plunge the dildo straight down inside her deeper. His rhythm increased as his own desires to make her explode intensified.
Candi herself let her fingers roam down to massage her clit vigorously. With each rub she yelped. All this extra assistance made her mind reel. Within minutes her moans echoed loudly enough for Mark to step out of his office and join the gathered members. He grit his teeth at her exhibition. Even though nobody had said a word he worried about one day getting grief over it. Still, as he looked over to each member he could tell they were mesmerized. He would take the risk. Reese stepped close to him arms still folded, "I fucked her on my Harley before work. She's something."
Her throat was becoming raw as she squealed in delight. Five more minutes of the wagging dildo she screamed out then squirted her juices all over the towel and Ben's knuckles. Still he probed the dildo until her hand stormed into the air trembling wildly. Her eyes had rolled back into her head. Orgasm at it's finest.
Silence befell the room as Peck and Ben lowered her legs to the carpet. She laid there chest heaving under Darrell's palms. Finally, he too sat back to just observe her.
Within minutes Candi sat up on the towel and chuckled, "Now you see it! Now you saw it! Thank you all for coming to my show. Oh, wait. That's coming after my show isn't it?"
The members howled and whistled in laughter.
She took the dildo from Ben and placed it inside her mouth to succulent her own juices. After long moments of dramatic MMMMMMMMMMM's she pulled it out licking it all over for them to view.
"I'm delicious!"
Mark shook his head at Reese, "She asked me about Damian's bachelor party."
Reese squinted, "Yea. Me too. I said nothing."
Mark nods, "She knows. Denying it is all we can do until Damian gets home on leave and breaks it too her. It's their problem. I believe she's going to accept anything Damian throws her way."
Reese ponders then pats Mark on the shoulder before walking away.
Candi was helped up by Ben and Peck as she wobbled in standing. She rubbed her pussy and brought her fingers up to Peck's nose, "Aren't I sweet?"
She took those same fingers to the nostrils of Darrell and Ben.
"Just imagine that warm sweet scent all over your dicks. See you guys at your appointments." Blowing a kiss she makes her rounds to tease each member with her fingers. The trio of Condor's could only express high fives.
Reaching Mark, Candi attempted to share her fingers with him but he winced away.
"Hey now. I don't need Lisa picking up that smell on me when I kiss her."
Candi giggles, "You know you want this scent all over you. Fine! I'll just go get cleaned up and fold some towels."
He nods, "Start with that towel you left on my floor."
She looks over her shoulder, "Why? Somebody out there will take it home and sleep with it. Just leave it there. Trust me."
As she walked away Mark thought to himself, "Damian ole Boy? I hope you know what you're doing."
Just as she surmised The man with the red ball cap picked up her towel and hid it away in his bag. He had at least left her bikini top dangling on the treadmill.
Fair trade.