How am I going to change in here, Garima thought, as she looked at the wooden washroom door which had a few gaps in it. She warily glanced at the door of the washroom and then at the man seated on the floor. She didn't trust him not to peek through the gaps if she started changing in the washroom, there was no way she could change till she could be alone in the room. Birju however, seemed to have no intention of respecting her privacy, casually trying to make conversation even as she moved around the room, trying to get her things settled. As he talked away, he seemed proud of the fact that she had an attached bathroom and toilet. It was apparently a luxury since people in Sitapur hardly believed in private spaces like toilets and bathrooms. People would either go to the village pond to take a bath or they use the backyard well, always in the open in both cases.
She sighed finally, stepping into the washroom. Even as she closed the room and stepped up to the tap, she could feel his eyes on her. For a moment, she bit her lip, wondering how it would be if she acted as if she didn't know and really did take her clothes off. It was a momentary thought, one which made her blush and shake her head. She opted wash her face and arms, washing away some of the dust from the road before coming out dressed in the same clothes as she had when she arrived. Birju groaned as he peeked through the hole, he had hoped to catch a sight of her tight body, but had to quickly scurry to his seat on the floor as he saw her coming out.
"Kuch khaane peene ko laye?" (Do you want something to eat or drink?), he asked casually. Garima nodded eagerly, hoping to get a few minutes by herself. Instead of standing up and leaving the room and giving Garima her much needed privacy, Birju simply started shouting at the top of voice, "Oey Lakkan, kaha mar gaye hai tu"(Where have you gone off to?) Before long a young man came running carrying two small glasses of tea in his hands. He looked like he was not much older than Garima. "Chai laye hai hum." (I had gone to get tea) The young man smiled and flashed his ghutka stained teeth. "Arre memsaheb toh heroine nikli." (Madam looks like a heroine) Lakkan commented as he looked at Garima and then towards the older man sitting on the floor. "Hum kal raat dekhe rahe mast film ekdum same to same."(She looks just like in the film I was watching last night). Placing the glasses of tea upon the small bedside table, Lakkan reached inside the pockets of his pants to pull out a mobile phone and showed it to Birju. "Dekho to zara chacha, same to same hai ki nahi."(Just see uncle, doesn't she look just like that)
He played a video clip and showed it to Birju, it started with a moan and then the iterative 'oh yeahs' which suggested that Lakkan was showing the man a porn clip. Garima sharply turned her head towards then as the clip started, her eyes widening in surprise. He did lower the volume within a second or two but it was more than enough for Garima to gather the facts and make an educated guess. "Humko de na yeh bulutooth karke." (Bluetooth it to me) Birju replied as he watched the video. Garima could feel her heartrate growing, cringing as she looked at the two men watching the video. Birju rubbed his thighs together as he watched the video clip, clearly trying to hide his manhood but at the same time kept on watching the porn clip.
Lakkan had already watched the video and didn't bother watching it again; Instead he joined the older man on the floor and sat down facing the city girl. And unlike Birju...Lakkan had no intention to be polite with his stares, he was unapologetically undressing Garima with his eyes and the fact that she was blushing shades of red didn't go amiss with the young boy. "Aap kaha se hai?"(Where are you from) Lakkan tried to fill in the awkward silences with his curiousity for this city girl. "Sharuk khan ko janti hai? Sunny Leone? Humko Sunny Leone bohut pasand hai."(Do you know Shah Rukh? Sunny Leone? I really like Sunny Leone")
She shook her head at his questions, hoping that he would leave her alone if she wasn't very responsive. Even with the sound turned down, she could still hear some of the moaning from the video. Out of the corner of her eyes, she could see the way the boy was looking at her, as if he wanted to tear away her dress any moment. Even in this setting, she couldn't hide the flash of curiosity from her face, wondering if the girl getting fucked really looked like her, wondering what it was that the men found so enjoyable. Lakkan could see the glances she was shooting at the phone, deciding to press his luck. "Arey chacha, aawaz nahi hai to majaa nai aayenga" (It's not fun without sound"). Birju, sitting faced away from her shot an inquisitive look at him, grinning as he understood what the young man meant.
Soon, the sounds of sex slowly started to be more apparent to Garima, as Birju gradually increased the volume. She sat there confused, feeling her heart beating faster and faster. She couldn't call them out on such a topic, she couldn't just walk out of the room. Her discomfort would be clear to Lakkan who was watching her like a hawk, trying to figure out his next move. He decided that she was as confused and uncomfortable as she could be, and given that she still didn't react to it, she wasn't much for boldness. He slowly got up, winking at Birju as he walked to the bed. Garima shifted slightly away from him as he sat down next to her, "Aap ko bhi dekhna hai na?" (You also want to watch it no?"), opening it on his phone.
Garima gasped as he opened the video in front of her, looking at Birju for support, but the older man seemed lost in his own world. She looked away from the phone, trying to tell Lakkan that she wasn't interested. But just as Lakkan had counted on, she was curious. She had to take peeks at the screen, gasping as she watching the naked girl writhing under a couple of men. Lakkan could feel her breath growing ragged, growing fidgety in her seat as she sneaked some peaks at the video. Soon, she was looking at the screen from the corner of her eyes, feeling herself get moist as she watched the woman getting fucked in all kinds of ways. She could also see Lakkan's hand inching closer to her leg, brushing against her thigh as if by accident.
"Excuse me" she said with heavy breath as she got off the bed, almost rushing into the bathroom and closing the door behind her. Birju shot a dirty look at Lakkan, wondering if he had pushed the girl too far, he didn't want her complaining to the family when she met them. He had grown uncomfortable with Lakkan in the room, the boy was managing to seduce her so easily, he didn't want anyone eating his cake before he got a taste. He shooed Lakkan from the room, quietly promising to call him back later.
Inside the bathroom, Garima leaned against the door after entering, trying to calm her breath. The video had excited her, and it scared her how much it had done so. A few more minutes, and she would have let Lakkan run his hands all over her. She sighed in relief as she heard Lakkan leave the room, moving to wash her face again. She was almost annoyed at Birju for not stopping Lakkan from teasing her like that. The old man probably had no idea how it affected her, she thought. She rubbed her thighs as she thought about the video. Maybe she could tease him in return, she thought, knowing that he was too old to harm her.
Birju listened to the splashing of water inside, hoping she would come out soon. He wanted to see how aroused she was. He had planned on taking her around the sights of the village, hoping to grow comfortable and hands on with her through the day. Maybe Lakkan had made her a bit more pliable. His eyes nearly fell out of his face as Garima came out of the bathroom. She hadn't changed the dress she was wearing ; but her leggings were now bunched in her hands, exposing most of her shapely legs. His manhood, softening after he closed the video, now strained his trousers, and he had to tear his eyes away from her as she walked past him. Garima noticed the look on his face, and how his breathing was suddenly audible, laughing inside as she climbed onto the bed. "Uncle, I am tired, and I know you must have other work rather than babysitting me. You should carry on, I'll get some sleep", she said as she climbed into the bed, pulling the sheet over herself.
Birju looked at her, wanting to throw off the sheet and jump onto the young woman. The little minx was teasing him so hard, he would make her pay for it, he thought. "Theek hai beta, soo jaao. Mein kuch der baat aata hoon. Mein darvaaza band karta hoon" (Okay, you sleep. I'll come later. I'll close the door and lock it), he said, finally leaving the room. But he didn't leave the corridor, or lock the door, waiting outside with baited breath till he knew the girl was asleep.