11:00 PM
"Almost time Daddy. How do I look?"
Monica parades in front of her Father Aaron in a white see through negligee twirling in step to allow him a full 360 view of her perfected curves. Even after making love to his daughter all day long she kept him rock hard.
"Keep it up we can cancel this crap and head back into the bedroom together." He grips his sweat pants. No underwear beneath, his erection was transparent to her eyes. Bulge massive she nibbles her fingernail.
"Still hard? Do I really turn you on that much Daddy?"
He starts to step toward her with swagger when he sees car lights pulling up on the street out front. Stepping around her he parts the curtains just enough to witness two guys getting out of a Dodge Charger. Another car pulling in behind them. They awaited the third arrival to join them before walking up the sidewalk toward the Gift house.
"Big boys. Jocks?"
"Yup. Linebackers. Are you ready to see them destroy me?" She shakes her tits at him playfully.
"Ready as I'll ever be. You sure these guys will be cool with my watching them?"
"All planned out. They think it's crazy but hot at the same time. Be sure to encourage them okay?'
"Right. Fuck that little whore. Harder you pansy." He jests with a wink. Laughing Monica hugs him from the side and pats his erection. He loved his daughter. She wanted to make him crazy before her prearranged visitor Lisa arrived. Her Father had a mad crush on the married blond beauty since the day she caught he and Monica in a Mall parking lot in the 69 position. Lust at first sight. It took a bit of convincing but Lisa and her husband Michael had agreed on torturing Aaron for Monica. In return Michael got to fuck Monica. Her Dad not knowing a thing concerning Husband and Wife. All he knew was she was married. Nothing more. He didn't care. It was just fun. Being swingers the couple found the whole debacle refreshing. Game on.
"Still one more to arrive Daddy. You go sit down. I'm going out to greet my lovers." She releases him and opens the front door. Racing out barefoot in her nightie she leaped into one of the gentlemen's arms. Kissing him hard on the mouth as his hands held her up. The other two guys laughed while rubbing her ass. Aaron didn't take a seat. He had to spy on them. Seeing this take place in their front yard concerned him. His neighbors might see this and tell his wife Charlotte. A single call might bring her home from Tallahassee instead of even calling him to find out what was going on. He had ideas on how to deal with his wife but that would take extreme measures. He wanted the best of both worlds. Wife and daughter. All in good time.
As the guys went so far as to remove her negligee right outside for all to see Aaron caught them pawing her up. Two of them sucking her nipples as the third kissed her neck and gripped her shoulders. The nightie laying in the grass. Insanity. As much as Aaron wanted to step outside and advise them against her nudity and their behavior he couldn't ruin the moment for his daughter. He could tell she was in Heaven. As Monica endured their lust her eyes watched the house. Daddy was spying. She nibbled her lip at the curtain pulled aside.
As the guys feasted upon her flesh her hands caressed scalps, "My Dad is watching." She whispers with a sigh , "Pick me up and take me out to the hood of your car. Eat me out for him to see. Right under the pole light on the street." The men sucking her nipples moved away to allow her passionate kisser to pick her up and carry her out to his car. Laying her on the warm metal he lifts her legs spreading them before leaning in to devour her pussy. She tasted delicious. She moaned a lot. Very loudly.
Cars passing by she shivered with delight arching her back and cupping her tits for a visual excitement. His tongue flicking her clit rapidly. Inside the house Aaron lowering his sweats had his dick in hand jerking off. His daughter was better than any Pornstar. Crazy bold and wanting the world to witness. He adored his little girl.
A car parks across the street and the driver steps out. Walking over to them Aaron hesitated to make sure this was the fourth guy and not somebody prepared to call the Cops. Not that the Police would do anything to their favorite little slut. Monica had even they wrapped around her pinky.
"Starting without me?"
"Michael, hi. They couldn't wait. Don't stop eating me Jesse. Fuck that feels good." He doesn't let up for a second. She squeals as the guys chatter amongst themselves. Caressing her as she shivers in delight. Michael chose to avoid looking at the house. He wanted to make it look as authentic as he could. Letting on he and Lisa were an item would ruin the guys fantasy. He vowed to not even talk to Lisa while she was with Aaron. Let her have her fun.
"Who wants my mouth around their cock?" Monica chatters as Jesse continued fingering and eating her out. Of course all of them wanted that. Jesse finally lets up and lifts her from his car hood and dangles her body backwards. He was a strapping young man with enough strength to raise her high in his arms and devour her pussy as she stretched toward the grassy curb side. With careful maneuvering he switched her body to face him before resuming his hunger. This let her drape over his crotch. Fingers reaching toward his pants she unfastens his belt then zipper. A final clasp loosens his burden. Guiding the jeans lower she turns her hands on his boxers tugging them down to let his beast reveal itself. A meaty seven incher bobs about as her eyes dance at its handsome stature. Jaw wide she swallows his cock. In a standing 69 the two of them sampled a healthy dose of fleshly goods. In and out of her mouth she loved his taste. His tongue digging deep into her hole then slipping out to wag over her anal cavity. She shivered at the sensations brewing. So good.
The other guys merely watched and wanted their own taste. Michael had sampled a bit of Monica the day she delivered pizza to he and Lisa's apartment. He knew how yummy she was. For awhile now he desired more of her. That was why when Lisa proposed Monica's idea of getting his wife to sleep with her dad Michael encouraged it. Pretty certain Lisa would have let him fuck Monica regardless but he countered the offer as his way of making certain it would happen. They being swingers extended their desires to turn the other on seeing them with starving partners. Not often however did they have walls between them. Tonight that was the intention. For now phase one was in action. Michael was going to meet Aaron Gift for the very first time playing it off as just one of Monica's toys. Aaron would have no clue that he and Lisa were married to one another. If Aaron knew then he would likely change his mind, worried that Michael might punch his lights out. Michael would have Monica to himself without Lisa or Aaron to watch them. That alone turned him on harder than anything. If it weren't for the other guys he might try making love to Monica instead. Those visuals certainly were appealing. He loved Lisa but he often fantasized about this barely legal Princess. Monica was one of the most beautiful girls he had ever seen.
Unknown to any of them next door neighbor Brock Quinones was enjoying the show from his screened in front porch. Nurturing a beer while sitting in only his boxers he recalled how hot Monica was in his bedroom awhile back. That and knowing his son Ryan had her wrapped around his own finger for a good long while. Now that Ryan was exclusive with April things seemed different. Monica barely came over to the house. Not that April wasn't a hot little number herself but Brock knew how much Ryan liked her. Therefore Brock did his best not to ogle the farm girl that closely. Tough being a forty something Dad who liked young girls. At least he had a front row seat to the yard show. Better than nothing.
Watching them he had to pull his own dick out and bring it to life. A nice long jerk would make him sleep better. Hearing Monica moan loudly encouraged his palm. The men chuckling and talking about what they wanted to do to her even better. He shared their sentiment. As the show continued he hadn't heard the back door open. Searching for Brock was Ryan and April. Having come home from drinking in the country and discussing their future. April had confessed that Ryan might have gotten her pregnant but wasn't certain until tonight. She tested herself at home before he arrived to pick her up. Negative she sighed with relief. Not telling Ryan as of yet she decided to wait and see what his further thoughts on fatherhood would reveal. She herself wasn't ready to be a parent but she knew she wanted a baby sometime. Whether it would be with Ryan was a different thing. She adored Ryan but she often found herself looking at other boys. These days Ryan wanted her all to himself. Something she didn't quite agree with. Opting to stay the night with Ryan due to he being too drunk to take her home she put him to bed. He was snoring hard. No counting sheep for him. She however was tipsy drunk and wide awake. Finding one of his white cotton T-shirts she slipped out of her own clothing to put it on. It clung to her curves nicely. Her breasts relaxed with the material but the cool breeze coming through a raised window attacked her nipples. She was horny as it was. Hearing noises outside she turns the lights off and peers out the drapes.
"Monica? Holy Moley. Four guys in the yard with her. She's so damned lucky. Crazy girl. I wish that was me." April consoles her own hormones seeing her vertical 69. Wanting to go join her she knew Ryan would be upset if he woke up. Growling under her breath she tiptoed from Ryan's room and out into the hall. Thinking Brock asleep in an all dark house she crept downstairs and through the main level. Not knowing Brock was awake sitting in the dark April stood six feet from the elder Quinones stroking his cock. He faltered once he spotted April and remained quiet not wanting to spook her. When had they gotten home he wondered. Her silhouette remarkable he couldn't bear to startle her and send her running back inside. Breath held he freezes in his seat on an old sofa. He would watch wait, and fondle himself. He could hide his beast if she realized he was there. For now he rather hoped April might strip that shirt off and play with herself. It was obvious she was turned on by Monica's show. Brock would bide his time. His house his rules.
Outside the boy Jesse returned Monica to her feet and took the time to remove his pants completely. Shirt tossed he was the first to be nude. He picked her up again and slipped his dick inside her drowning pussy, fucking her right in the middle of the yard lights. The other guys chuckling about their bravery. Monica's squeals loud and breathtaking.
April whispered not even suspecting she had an audience, "I should just go out there and join her." Brock her heard misery through whines and a nervous tapping of toes on the wood flooring. Without warning April removes her shirt and stands nude in the darkness. Her body bathed ever so slightly by the night lights through the screens. It was enough for Brock to witness her standing there nipples peaking, her fingers probing at her wetness amid a glossy labia. He stroked his beast slightly harder, it instantly returning to its former vitality. He wanted to groan but kept silent. She however began whimpering at her fingers burrowing inside her. His biggest worry was her turning to sit down on the sofa to finish herself off. He had no where to hide. An eight foot couch took up most of his porch. He would enjoy this as long as he could.
Within Monica's home Aaron too was jerking hard but wanted to keep it in reserve just in case Lisa did show up. But, seeing his daughter pounded on the front lawn made it hard to resist. Finally, he gets a text on his cell. Expecting it to be his wife Charlotte he scowls breaking away from his stimulations to go to his end table to see what she typed. Undoubtedly informing him that she had arrived in Tallahassee. Eying the text he didn't know the number but realized it was from Lisa.
"On my way if you're still up for this. Lisa."
"I didn't know she had my number. Monica must have shared it." His cock roared high at the knowledge that his fantasy was actually going to happen. Typing back Aaron wrote, "Hurry it up I want you in my lap."
Emojis of blushing smiley's led her reply of, "In your lap sitting or in your lap sucking that cock?"
"Both." He excitedly returned his answer.
"Give me fifteen minutes. Any special requests?"
Brows hiked high he grins, pondering something to answer with. Finally he types back with, "Leave your clothes in your car. Kneel on my welcome mat and bow your head."
"Oooo! Domination play. Love it. That all?"
"I'll take it from there."
She ends it with, "Getting in my car now. I'll strip in front of your house."
Growling at the mental images of the gorgeous blond Aaron nearly cums then and there. He had to go to his fridge and grab some ice to cool his beast off. He held it there counting to a hundred until it lost its size. He wanted her baaaaad.
Next door April was cumming all over her fingers watching and hearing Monica. Brock too was struggling to keep his noise level next to nothing as he was brewing up a burst of his own. As April squeals nasally Brock couldn't hold it in any longer. A deep snarl he spits forth a torrent of scalding hot jizz. Hearing him April turns and realizes his presence. She curls up trying to cover herself when she hears Brock speak.
"Don't go. It's fine. I'm not mad that you did that."
"Mister Quinones...you were there watching me all that time?"
"What little I can see in the dark. Looks like we both got caught up in Monica's little soirée."
"You...jerked off to me?"
"Monica too. But, yeah I can't deny that."
"Wow! I'm so embarrassed."
"Don't kid yourself April. We both know you're not that red."
"Still. I know Ryan won't understand this when you tell him."
"I'm not telling him anything. That's your job if and when you decide to."
She pauses deciding if putting her shirt back on was necessary or live with the fact he could barely see her anyway. She couldn't see him all that well herself. Of course he was further out of the light coming in the screens.
"Why wouldn't you tell your son?" She considered his selfish reasoning.
"No harm done. He knows I'm fond of Monica. Long story. My story."
"Has Ryan told you about how we met?"
"Fucked you in the diner."
"Oh my lord. You must think I'm such a whore."
"Are you?"
"I don't think so. I mean I loved it when I took that chance with Ryan in my Aunt's diner. It was really hot."
"He's like his ole man. Knows a hottie when he sees one."
Startled by Monica's screaming orgasm outside their attention wavers to witness Monica getting double penetration awkwardly.
"She's so insane. Four guys."
"She's had more than that trust me. If there's a whore nearby it's her. God love her."
"Really?" April eases upright but still folds her arms over her chest.
"Yeah, she didn't tell you about the duck club? Country bar she stripped at."
"I hadn't heard that one. How many guys watched her?"
"Think she counted 27."
"Whoa! That's a lot."
"You could be a stripper. You got the youth and the perfect body."
"T-thanks. Those guys are hitting Monica hard." She peers out.
"Wishing you were out there?"
"How can you ask me that knowing I'm your son's girlfriend?"
"I heard you say you wished that was you."
"Oh! I didn't really mean that."
"Uh huh! Stop lying to yourself. I also know Shane and Holden tapped your ass."
"Ryan talks too much." She sighs hiding a giggle.
"You can be honest with me April."
She shivers lowering her arms to her side. He could see her nipples in the lighting again. She knew he could. Patting the cushion next to him he opts to say, "Best seat in the house."
She bites her lower lip curled up tightly. "Are you going to..."
"Jerk off again? Most likely."
"Maybe I should just go to bed. Ryan would never forgive me if I told him you watched me masturbate. Even if I didn't know you were there."
"Think he'd understand any better knowing I jerked off in front of you?"
"I-it wasn't just over Monica though. You didn't deny watching and liking what I was doing."
Hearing another scream from Monica Brock stands up and moves in for a better view. Standing directly next to April he gets a better view of her nervousness. Even though edgy she didn't hide herself this time. Looking down at Brock she bulges her eyes. He had taken his boxers off and was totally nude just as she was. His monster cock swollen hard in its curvature. She shivered and found herself unable to remove her eyes from it.
"That girl is gonna be sore in the morning."
"Wait. I lied. I knew about her stripping in the bar. When I met her she was covered in hickies. I just didn't know how much you knew until you revealed it all."
"I knew you did." He smirks stroking his cock right in front of her, "I wanted to see your reaction to the info. You brightened up even though you played it off as shock. My boy says he might be a Daddy. That true?"
She grows pale but Brock couldn't tell that much in the lighting. She sulks a bit before exhaling, "I thought I might be. My period is really late. I took a test before Ryan picked me up tonight. I'm not pregnant." She notes the revelation never once made his cock go limp. Nodding at her he returns to his sofa. She takes a deep breath and mumbles, "So not smart." April sits next to him and adjusts her eyes to the darkness. He was stroking his cock even harder. Watching April he stops long enough to reach over and grab her hand. She resists slightly presuming he was guiding her to jack him off. Instead he lowers her hand between her own legs. With a thumbs graze to her clit he shudders and removes his hand, returning to his erection.
"Might as well join me."
"Y-you rubbed my clit."
"Just getting you started. I'm not here to seduce my son's girl."
Shocked she begins touching herself again. Monica's cries stimulating them to further destroy their own senses. The night was far from over. Even though Monica's last cry left the yard silent. She led her flock indoors where Aaron sat in his recliner waiting. He had moved Monica's mattress to the living room floor for the real show to begin.
Alone now April and Brock observe each other and cum hard. April first. Brock shortly after. He turned at an angle just as he shot his load. It arched over her leg and feet leaving droplets.
"Oh my God." She realized his unexpected spatter. Her chest heaving she timidly looks at his leftovers on her shin. Holding her breath she dares to reach over and wipe a fewon her fingers. Hesitation sets in until Brock reaches over and wipes another few drops on his own fingers. She got goosebumps everywhere. Slowly he lifts his wet fingers up to her lips and she whimpers. Touching her lower lip with their wetness she gives in and sucks his fingertips.
"See? That wasn't all bad was it?"
"N-no. Monica's done."
"We can watch the show from my bedroom. She always has the curtains drawn. She does it for all of us Quinones boys."
"Y-your bedroom? I don't think I should go watch her with you. Ryan's room is right next door."
"Your decision. Night April." He gets up and puts his boxers back on. As he walks by her discarded t-shirt he picks it up and takes it with him. Her jaw drops at leaving her nude. Sitting in the darkness another ten minutes to reflect she gets up and quietly heads upstairs. Intending to crawl into bed with Ryan she stops at his door to hear his snoring. Fingers wanting to turn the doorknob she resists. Looking at Brock's open door she trembles. Slowly her feet lead her to his doorway. Inside she sees his own silhouette looking down at the Gift house. Still stroking his cock she knew his boxers were off again.
April couldn't help herself. In she strolled.
"Monica's getting roughed up down there." He whispers.
"Let me see." He steps aside letting her move into his position. As she watches Monica being deeply penetrated by three men at once, including Michael now. He had pussy duty. Jesse her anal cavity. Jesse's buddy Owen fucking her face. Sitting there watching was Monica's father. As she grew mesmerized April feels Brock directly behind her. So close as his hands grip her shoulders to peer over her at the show. His cock resting warmly on her lower back. She flares both eyes and nostrils at his pressing against her. She didn't spook. Brock just gravitated close and watched the show. She could feel his pulse on her spine. She watched the show from the inside of her eyelids. April was fantasizing about it being her with Monica's flock. Brock up against her only gave it a feel of reality.
Down below Monica performs her best knowing her Father was watching. Throat gurgling at being fucked hard her eyes wander peripherally toward Aaron to witness his approving gaze. Aaron studying each penetration closely. Michael under Monica has a better view of Aaron's interest in his cock moving in and out of Monica's juicy cunt. Pink ruffles of interior membranes lipping back and forth with each thrust. Even Jesse knew Aaron was sitting forward to see his own beast ramming into Monica's ass. Undeterred even when Aaron raises a bottle of lube over Jesse dribbling some on his cock to aid in his enjoyment. Jesse nodded at Aaron his thanks. His dick was getting sore of dryness. Standing now Aaron moves in front of them and gets a better view of his daughter with a meaty dick in her mouth. Her lips wide and accepting Owen's girth with an expression of yearn. Eyes making contact Monica stares at her Father. He merely pets her long dark hair and smiles.
Noticing the fourth man merely standing there jerking off next to Monica, Aaron journeys around the mattress and takes her hand from Owen's hip and coaxes it toward the fourth guy Darren. Wrapping her fingers around Darren's cock he pats Monica's knuckles. She did her very best to jerk off Darren. This was incredible hearing all these men grunting and groaning. His daughters muffled moans even more exhilarating.
Seeing car lights out front parking behind Michael's vehicle Aaron noticed Lisa step from her car in a pair of jean shorts and a black t-shirt. She stood in her car lights undressing. Once stripped to her tennis shoes she tosses her clothes into her car and crosses the street toward Monica's home. Aaron grew rock hard purple watching her tits rustling about with each step. That girl was stunning. She notices Aaron in the picture window but doesn't wave. She merely does as he requested and drops to her knees at the welcome mat. Aaron rushed to the door opening it to see her head bowed. Gracefully he reaches under her chin lifting it so that her gaze could meet his. She however surprised him by keeping her eyelids shut as if respectful.
Ego encompassing his desires he steps over her and rolls his cock across her face. The warmth of his flesh made her tremble. Balls mashing over her lips he whispers, "Kiss them." She puckered and obeyed. Lisa tried very hard not to smile. This was fun.
Upstairs of the Quinones home Brock and April noticed the new arrival.
"Who's the blond?" April purrs slightly.
"Nobody I know. Monica must be getting Aaron some tonight. Lucky fucker."
Her eyes relocate to her left as she licks her lips. His fingers massaging her shoulders tenderly gave her the chills. She loosens up a bit and leans further into Brock. He merely continued his massage and his observation of the events below. Watching Aaron escort Lisa inside and sit them in his recliner. Lisa curling up in his lap to watch Monica's devastation. It was easy to see Lisa was impressed.
April found herself faintly gyrating over Brock's erection glued to her spine. Soft, ever so soft moans improvised to let Brock know she was into his closeness. Brock smiled.
"Wonder what they're gonna do next?" He whispers into her ear.
"I..." April starts to reply then melts into silent quivers.
Back in Aaron's lap Lisa trembled in her seat. His big dick throbbing beneath her thighs. She watched her husband Michael ramming his cock hard up into Monica. He however refused to look at his wife. It wasn't until Aaron tilted Lisa's head to embrace a kiss. She devotes her tongue to swirling around Aaron's as she caresses his cheek. Aaron's hand squeezing her perky breast. This led her toes to trail up and down Aaron's leg. Her hand feeding his ego with a frolic amid his chest hair.
Lips parting Aaron sighs, "Fuck you're all I can think about lately."
"I'm glad." She stares at him with lustful eyes. Cautiously she repositions her weight in order to reach down and massage his cock. Aaron huffs at her tenderness. "I've thought of you also. I remember this big fella."
Aaron eyes her hand gracefully moving up and down. Her nipples now trailing his ribs. Their intimacy led to more kissing ignoring Monica and her entourage of testosterone. That is until Owen nuts gruffly into Monica's mouth. Her whimpers thanking him with constricting throat muscles to drink his cum deeply. As Owen pulls away her lips lock on to his bulbous crown for a final puckered kiss that leaves her lips vacant. From that point on Monica grew noisy again. Her holes thriving on every insertion every exit. Tilting her gaze to witness Lisa and her Father making out she smiled. Lowering her gaze to Michael the man smirks with a wink. Jealous Monica lowers against Michael's chest and feasts on his lips. She wanted kissed too. The poor fourth friend ended up jerking off on his own. Long standing moans fueled their kisses as Jesse nuts into Monica's ass, pulling out to examine her frothing anus. Lifting away Monica broke free of Michael's wandering hands along her back and sits up to ride him. It was a magnificent ride as Monica placed her hands in her hair in a sexy pose. Michael's hands lifting to hold her turbulent breasts. She smiled down at him then sighs, "Fuck your cock feels good Michael."
Lisa hearing her bites Aaron's lip before escaping with a tug to leer down at Monica and her demanding Hubby. Michael was enjoying himself. A very thin hint of jealousy crossed Lisa's brow. Her thoughts taken away as Aaron decides it was time to take his prize to his own bed. Holding her hand he leads Lisa away. Once entering Aaron shuts the door and storms into Lisa with a standing tall kiss. She craned her neck to accommodate his height and felt his hands all over her body. Her fingers slither low to stroke his cock with both palms. He enjoyed her touch immensely. His wasn't that bad either. Lips retreating her mouth Aaron moves south along her throat. Warm exhales stimulate her ear. His neckline. One of her hands moves up to run fingers through his scalp, the other still nurturing his beast. In a claim to madness Aaron Gift picks her up and launches their bodies on to his bed. Easing toward the center Aaron rolls her on to her belly and feasts on her ass cheeks. Bite marks leaving indentations. His tongue licking her asshole. Fingers in her soaked pussy. Lisa lost her mind. Michael who?
In the living room Monica lost all of her greedy little lovers except for Michael. Each of them exhausted by her they bowed out leaving the couple alone. Monica didn't even seem concerned as she continued riding Michael. She blew them kisses and a fluttering round of fingers to bid them farewell, but once gone she drops down over Michael for more devoted kisses. Their lip lock leading to a frenzy of passion suddenly. Monica hungered for he and he alone. Now she got her wish. Balls of sweat they ravaged each others body with roaming hands. His dick never once slowing up. In a maddening venture Michael rolls her over and fucks her missionary. Devouring her nipples like a starving child. Heated Monica exhales loudly, "I knew you wanted me, but damn."
"No more Mister Nice Guy." He growls at her.
"Pussy." She sticks her tongue out at her.
The next hour he had her in every position possible. Contortions finest. Yes indeed, Monica would be sore in the morning. Neighbor Brock knew what he was talking about. During that hour Aaron destroyed Lisa just as much. She would leave with hickies nearly as bad as Monica had awhile back. Something she hadn't bargained on but luckily she could blame Michael. After all he knew what they were doing. Screaming bloody murder as Aaron ate her pussy through two exploding orgasms Lisa finally had to break away. As Aaron moved to her side laying there watching her convulse she dramatically rolled over to suck his cock. A long, hard ambush that lasted ten minutes before he fires down her throat. She stayed on course just as long as he had her. Another ten minutes of squirming as her throat tightened. Her nails squeezing his balls for a final launch Aaron lost every ounce of energy. Her lips frothed at his mother lode. Before he could fight her she crawled over him and kissed him gruffly. He shared his own cum with her.
Something he had never ever done. Shocked he rolled her back over and made love to her. She embraced his sudden tenderness.
Then the door opened. In snuck Monica dragging Michael along. She creeps to her Father's left side and sprawls out to caress her Father's hip.
"Having fun Dad?"
"Get out."
"I thought we were going to switch partners."
"Get out." Lisa turns her face to second his motion.
"Whoaaa! Fine! Come on Michael let's find someone else to play with."
"What?" She drags him away leaving Lisa to wave as she wraps her legs around Aaron's waist. The night was young. She was loving this guys talent. Again Michael who? She would remember him at dawn.
There were no other partners. However Monica took Michael back to the yard for another moonlit ride. Hearing moans of her own Monica tracks the them to the shadows above. Squinting in the light as Michael pounded her doggy style Monica sees April in the window of Brock's room. Her chest crushed beneath rather large hands.
"Those aren't Ryan's mitts. Are they?" She thought. As Michael cums again pulling out to milk her ass in white gloss Monica drops her jaw, "Oh shit! Brock's fucking April."
April seeing that Monica was watching placed a finger to her lips with a pleading expression. It was an easy read that she didn't want Monica to tell Ryan. Vanishing from the window Monica knew the destination. She had been in that room. Poor Ryan.
Feigning exhaustion Monica sat up in the grass beside Michael. Hugging him suddenly Monica thanked him before hopping up and marching next door. The porch was never locked. Luckily neither was the front door. Entering she stumbled in the darkness darting upstairs. Intruding she stomps right into Brock's bedroom. Turning a light on she prepped a verbal assault. As the room illuminated she was shocked t her discovery.
"Ryan?"
"Hey neighbor." Ryan Quinones slurred his speech still drunk but alive enough to fuck his girl. Staggering April winced at Monica. Where was Brock? Looking around her Monica checked Ryan and Kyle's rooms. He was no where to be found. Embarrassed Monica heads back to Brock's room. Shutting the light off she mumbled, "Sorry."
Heading back downstairs Monica starts to exit the porch when she hears snoring. Flicking the porch light on she finds Brock asleep on the sofa naked. How did she miss him on her way through? His dick still proud she spots lipstick around it. Thinking back she knew it was April's shade. Troubled Monica covers Brock up with a throw from the sofa back. Leaving him to sleep she heads home. Michael had gotten dressed and was sitting on the front step.
"What's going on?" He scratches his scalp.
"Thought my friends were...nothing." She snuggles up next to Michael and stares at the street. For three hours they sat and talked. As the sun crept up the front door opened and Lisa stepped out quietly.
"Aaron's asleep."
"Looks like somebody wore him out." Michael scowls. "Let's go home." Michael pats Monica on the leg then stands to stretch. He had gathered Lisa's clothing and watched her get dressed. Lisa leans down and hugs Monica, pecking her cheek with a quick kiss.
"Call you later." Lisa whispers.
As they drive away in their separate cars Monica holds her knees to her chest swaying. Something went wrong tonight. She could feel it. There was no sleep to be had. No warm milk. No counting sheep. Only the thought that an awful lot of wool was being pulled over her eyes.
"Dang it April."
Someone was her fool.
The question was...who?