AUTHOR'S NOTE: Reading the previous chapters is mandatory to understand the setting and characters.
SUMMARY: Ken's an awkward, painfully shy, and socially inept virgin. The reason why he became a sex instructor was weird. It wasn't because he was good-looking or had a big cock. It all began with a strange request from his high school crush.
All characters are eighteen and above.
----
Chapter 6: The Mirror
----
What would you do if a beautiful girl blindfolded herself and told you that you could do anything you wanted to do to her?
That was the question I asked myself as I looked at the mirror to take in the sight of Ezra.
No talking, no resistance, no permission needed. Like a doll, you could play with her however you wanted, according to your lustful imagination.
My imagination had been running rampant with perverted thoughts. Seeing Ezra's slim, modelesque body with big boobs in a red dress sent my pulse racing with excitement.
The knowledge that she wasn't even wearing panties underneath the dress made it all the more arousing.
Her mini red thong was lying somewhere in the living room. I'd have loved to be the one peeling her thong away to reveal her crotch. Although if I wanted to look at her pussy, I could simply lift the hem of her red dress anytime I wanted. Then there's her butt. I hadn't even checked out her ass yet. The same goes with the rest of her body, like her perky breasts and --
I stopped myself from fantasizing about Ezra. It felt so silly to do that when I could do anything I wanted with her body in real life--instead of just thinking about it.
I contemplated what to do first. So many sexual fantasies I could indulge in, the possibilities seemed endless.
I thought of immediately stripping off her dress and feasting my eyes on her naked body, exactly like she'd encouraged. Then I changed my mind and decided I would go slow and enjoy the whole experience as much as possible. There was no need to rush.
But first, I needed to make sure all the perverted things I wanted to do to Ezra were allowed.
"Um, sorry, can I ask you one last question?" I said.
"Hmmm?" Ezra tilted her head towards the sound of my voice.
"Are you really sure about this?"
She gave a deliberate nod. "I am."
"I can really do... anything I want?" I confirmed again, just to be sure.
"What do you want to do?" She gave an innocent smile.
"Uh... a lot of... not-so-polite things."
Ezra's smile grew broader. "Unless I say, 'stop,' you may do whatever you want with me. You have my consent. Just enjoy yourself, Ken."
It seemed like Ezra was committed to going through with this. So I needed to give her my full commitment by enjoying myself the best I could.
Standing behind Ezra with my hands on her hips, I looked past her shoulders and toward the mirror seeing Ezra's form in the reflection again, earnestly this time, starting with her head.
In high school, Erza used to have platinum-blonde hair like Denise now, though back then it was Denise who had mimicked Ezra. Denise idolized Ezra as strongly as I idolized Tony.
But now Ezra had dark-brown hair. I thought she looked good as a brunette. She had a light complexion, several shades lighter than Lisa and Denise. Her skin seemed to glow from the rays of morning sun flitting through the window.
The blindfold covered the top half of her face. And yet she was still so pretty. She had a sharp jawline and high cheekbones like Denise. But unlike Denise, Ezra had pouty lips that gave her a sultry look--without even trying.
Through the mirror's reflection, my gaze traveled down from her face to her neck, but my attention was immediately diverted by the prominent swell of her breasts.
Further down, her simple red dress hung loosely, ending at mid-thigh. Standing like this, the hemline on the front of her dress was an inch or two higher than the back, elevated by her large tits. Like it was beckoning me to pull the dress up to expose what was between her thighs.
I wondered if Ezra's tits and crotch were also uniformly tanned like Denise's. So I moved my hands from her hips to her tummy and pinched the smooth material with my fingers. I pulled the dress down slightly, revealing more and more of her breasts until the edge of her areolas were exposed. Then I stopped and released the tug to allow the top of her dress to rise back up just enough to cover the areolas again. I didn't want to expose her nipples just yet. There would be time to savor her bared boobs in all of their glory later.
I pushed my head forward, past her shoulder, and looked down her dress from behind into her ample cleavage. There wasn't a tan line. At least not that I could tell.
I pulled her dress away from her body to expand my view down her cleavage. With her boobs so voluminous, I could see the rest of her body through her cleavage and towards the floor. I looked past her tits, her flat tummy, and at her crotch. It was dark inside, but again, I didn't notice any tan lines at all on the rest of her body. Seemed like Ezra suntanned nude as well, probably with her three girlfriends.
But what I did notice was her lack of body hair from the neck down. She was fully shaven like Lisa and Denise. I wondered if most college girls like to shave bare. I made a mental note to satisfy this curiosity when I got the chance later.
Another thing I noticed was the outline of Ezra's pussy lips. Even with the lack of light, I could see she had plump lips like Lisa's instead of flat lips like Denise's. I anticipated the moment when I could rub my fingers between her legs.
Maybe I could even taste her pussy. Licking pussy was not considered penetration, right?
Again, it felt so silly to be doing this when I could simply take off her dress. But when could I ever do something as brazen and silly as this? The silliness only whetted my lustful appetite even more.
I let go of her dress to recover her breasts and pulled it up instead, gradually revealing her slim legs. All the Kelton sisters had very nice legs. When the bottom of her pussy came into view, I lowered it an inch to hide her sex. Again, I wanted first to savor her body visually, with her dress still remaining on. No rush.
It was in equal parts fun and arousing. Like the erotic thrills boys get when they discover porn for the first time.
I wondered if this was considered voyeurism. Is watching porn considered voyeurism? All I knew is it felt like a taboo to be doing this to Ezra. Like on the rooftop, the forbidden nature of what I was doing only sent my arousal spiraling higher, along with the escalating desire to touch her.
My initial plan was to touch her body over her dress before exploring underneath once I had my fill. But now my body craved hers, especially skin-on-skin contact.
I couldn't wait any longer.
So I released my arms from around her and lifted her dress from behind, exposing her naked butt. Her butt was wider than Denise's but not as big as Lisa's. There was also a hint of muscle definition underneath the flesh of her butt cheeks. I gripped her cheeks and squeezed. Perky and firm underneath the soft flesh. Damn, I can't wait to feel my thighs slap against her butt from behind.
I reached my hands underneath her dress and hugged her bare stomach, pulling her closer to me. Her body melted into mine as my erection pressed against her back. I licked the back of her neck, causing her to shiver.
I took a step forward until my chest was touching Ezra's back. Then I pushed my cock down and thrust my hips forward between her legs until the head lodged at her entrance. I pushed the tip a little between her lips, causing her body to tense, but she didn't utter a word. Then she relaxed again.
Ezra was wet enough for me to push my cock inside her pussy. In the living room, earlier, I was already all the way inside her. So I wondered if she would actually object if I now thrust my cock all the way in.
Should I just push my cock in? I was eager to be inside her again. Earlier, with my anxiety, I couldn't fully enjoy her pussy. Now I was ready.
However, deciding to save the actual penetration for later in bed, I pushed my cock down and thrust my hips forward again.
She exhaled sharply when I pushed the length of my shaft forward, sliding between her outer folds. I pulled back to reverse stroke before pushing forward again until my thighs smacked her butt.
I was right. Her butt did feel good against my thighs. Even better than what I had imagined.
I watched her face in the reflection of the mirror, seeing if she would protest against what I was doing.
But she didn't.
I continued to fuck between her legs, using the friction of her folds to stroke my cock. While consciously avoiding any accidental penetration.
Ezra began panting but still didn't object. She meant what she said. I could do anything I wanted with her body. Her body was my sex doll, mine to use freely however I liked.
I kept thrusting on, slamming hard into her from behind. Each thrust fanned the flames of my arousal and the thirst for the power I had over her body.
In my mind, Ezra was powerless and entirely at my mercy. She was my prey to devour to my satisfaction.
Even though I was having constant sex with the girls, and with the full permission to have sex with them anytime I wanted, I only took what was offered. I had always been conscious about controlling my lust, never allowing it to go out of control, never allowing myself to be fully uninhibited and indulge freely.
But now I could assert myself, unrestrained. Ezra had given me her permission. Her moans were a continuous encouragement for me to use her for my satisfaction.
There's a theory that everything is about sex, except sex. Because sex is about power. I never understood that concept until now. Much more than just the physical pleasure, the psychological thrills from exercising my power over Ezra's body were immensely satisfying.
The level of aggression with which I rubbed my cock along her pussy lips grew with each thrust. I was certain that stimulation of our genitals was outside the scope of this mirror exercise. But with the combination of my horniness, the power trip I had from the control I had over Ezra, and the freedom to do anything I liked with her made me ignore the rules.
So I continued thrusting on, just because I could.
Or maybe the real purpose of the exercise was to discover who I was on the inside when no one was looking. Absent the fear of punishment and judgment, perhaps it was a test to see what I would do and how far I would take advantage of the situation, or in this case, Ezra, just because I could.
Then I paused as I suddenly realized: who I was on the inside was a monster. A predator who preyed because he could. Someone who took advantage just because he could.
A wave of guilt rose and slapped me in the face. I flinched from my own thoughts. I let go of Ezra and took a step back, away from her, until our bodies were no longer touching.
I was afraid of the person I was on the inside.
I was never consciously aware of the depths of my depravity until now. The desire to use girls' bodies like sex dolls. To use their pussies like sex toys.
Boys thought of sex all the time. Denise and Lisa confessed that many girls thought of sex all the time too. But I wondered if their thoughts were as depraved as mine were.
I felt my chest constrict as I struggled to breathe. Ezra cocked her head to the side, likely trying to understand what was going on. Then she lifted her right hand with her palm open, indicating she wanted me to hold it.
I took a half-step forward to her side and held her hand, consciously avoiding any other contact with her body.
She gently pulled me closer and guided my body in front of her, between the mirror and her body. She smiled reassuringly to let me know it was alright. Then she lifted her left hand similarly, and gestured for me to take it.
Then, she placed both of my hands on her neck and began taking very dramatic but slow breaths. Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. I watched her ample breasts' movements for a few moments before I realized that she wanted me to breathe with her.
So I matched her breathing, inhaling and exhaling loudly to let her know I was following her lead. After a few cycles of deep breathing, my mind calmed down.
A random thought crept into my mind. Through simple actions, Ezra showed me that she was still in charge. Even while blindfolded and not speaking, she intuited my thoughts and anxieties and got me to relax. While I thought I had complete control over Ezra's body, she was ultimately in control of the situation.
My admiration and intellectual crush for Ezra were starting to grow into infatuation.
"You're really good at this," I told her.
She smiled again. Holding my wrists, she took my hands on her neck and moved down to cup her breasts over her dress. How strange to be touching her breasts only now after all this time. Before I had time to enjoy the soft globes on her chest, she moved my hands down again to her hips and paused. Then to her butt.
I squeezed her butt cheeks and enjoyed the firm flesh on my hands. Then she moved my hands back up to her hips again, then to her breasts, and back to her neck.
Maneuvering my hands took only seconds, but was full of implications.
Her message was clear: she wanted me to explore her body as intended.
By helping me to caress her body, she also made me aroused again. The negative thoughts I had of myself instantly dissipated, entirely replaced by renewed lust.
Without uttering even a single word, she encouraged me to rediscover and amplify my desires, using touch and repetition as motivation.
My infatuation for Ezra spiked further.
Even though Ezra was the one who was blindfolded, I felt vulnerable in her presence. I had just revealed my darkest side to her. But without speaking, she let me know she didn't judge me. She saw who I was on the inside and didn't get disgusted. On the contrary, I was accepted and loved for who I was.
Or perhaps all these were just in my head. But whether or not that was indeed the case, I felt a burst of emotional attachment toward her. A flame of longing to be intimate with her that went beyond just putting my penis into her vagina. I wanted to make love to her rather than just fuck her. I never fully understood the difference between the two, until now.
As I held her neck and looked at her face, I wondered if she knew precisely the full effect she was causing on me.
Here she was, offering her body to me, but at the moment what I wanted to do most was to kiss her.
"Is there a reason why I can't kiss you?" I asked.
She cocked her head to the side again. So cute, especially with the blindfold on. She remained silent, so I stood still to wait for her reply.
Finally, she said, "You're supposed to use the time to feast on my body with your eyes and hands without judgment. Talking takes away that focus. But to answer your question, I said you need to ask me for permission first, not that you can't do it."
"So I can kiss you as long as I ask for permission?" I asked.
"You can kiss me on my lips later when we're in bed. Both sets of lips." She smiled.
"You make me want to drag you to bed now," I confessed.
"You haven't even taken off my dress yet," she replied.
I reached my hands over her shoulders and found the zipper on the back of the dress. I pulled it down, then slid the straps off her shoulders. Her dress landed on the floor with a soft thud.
I glanced down at her naked body. After all the teasing, I finally got to see her naked. But I glanced back up at her face. Right now, the only thing I still wanted to do was to kiss her.
I thought of dragging her to bed immediately so that I could kiss her. Preferably with my cock inside her at the same time. But I hesitated. Somehow the power dynamics between us had shifted without me realizing it. I no longer felt permitted to do as I pleased with her.
I had a sudden revelation of what Ezra had been doing. By blindfolding herself and not speaking, she transformed herself from a person to an object. In a way, I became "alone" in the room with her as my sex doll. With no one paying attention, I became more confident and daring in doing things I usually wouldn't dare to do.
Then, when I got her to speak again, she transformed into a person. My daringness was thrown back into its cage, and my inhibition was turned back on. Just like that, in an instant.
I was in awe of how she could flip the switch in me simply by speaking or keeping quiet. All the more amazing, considering this was our first time doing this.
The depth of Ezra's intelligence was even more attractive than her physical beauty. The desire to be intimate with her was starting to become unbearable.
"Can we go to bed now?" I pleaded.
She cocked her head to the side again. I felt like I was riding a roller coaster in complete darkness, not knowing what would happen next. I was filled with a combination of dread, nervousness, and excitement.
She lifted her hands and touched mine still on her shoulders. Then, she moved her hands up my wrists to my forearms and elbows and stopped at my shoulders.
"Squat down," she said.
I hesitated for a moment, curious about what she was trying to do, but obeyed.
I let go of her shoulders and bent my knees until I stared into her hairless crotch. My initial assessment was correct: there weren't any tan lines.
I thought she wanted me to look at her pussy, or maybe even lick it. But then she raised one leg and said, "Help me out of my dress."
I looked at her pussy lips as she opened her legs. It was glistening. I wondered if she was as aroused as I was by the whole situation.
"Ken?" I looked up at her face. She was cocking her head again.
"Sorry, I was, uh, feasting my eyes on your body," I said.
She smiled. "Help me out of my dress, and you can tell me which part of my body your eyes were feasting on."
I held her raised ankle and shifted the dress to her other leg. Then I guided her feet down, grabbed her other ankle, and waited for her to shift her balance before lifting it up and pulling the red dress out from under her.
"Help me to fold my dress and put it on your table. Then, when you return, put your hands on my waist so that I know you're standing in front of me."
It was an oddly specific instruction, but I supposed it would make sense, considering that her eyes were covered. My table was on the opposite end of the room. I wondered what her purpose was as I folded her dress, got up and walked to the table, and placed her dress there.
As I turned and looked at her again, I started to understand. She wanted me to look at her naked body.
I walked back slowly to her, taking the time to admire her body as she intended. My eyes alternated between her naked back and her naked front reflected in the mirror. From behind, once again, she reminded me of Denise. Both of them were slender, like fashion models. Though Ezra had slightly wider hips and a broader butt.
As I returned to Ezra, I admired her front in the mirror. Then, I remembered a conversation with Lisa and Denise about the Kelton sisters' cup sizes. Ezra and Lisa were both D-cups, while Elsa was a B-cup.
Ezra's tits were huge on her slim body, though they looked plumper than Denise's.
I stood back in front of her and held her hips. I stroked my thumbs, caressing her skin. I was torn between my desires, to explore the rest of her body with my hands, and to kiss her.
When she didn't give me more instructions, I thought she was waiting for me to kiss her. So I leaned in to kiss her lips.
She jerked her head slightly back when our lips made contact, probably out of surprise, before leaning her head forward and kissing me back. As our lips connected, my desire to be intimate grew.
She pulled her head back when I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out.
"Are you bad at following instructions, or are you just impatient?" she said. Then she grinned to let me know she was teasing me.
"Very impatient," I huffed.
"Put your cock in my hand."
I took her hand and placed her palm on my erection at the shaft.
She lifted her hand until only her middle finger was lightly touching the middle of my shaft. Then her finger caressed along the shaft towards the head before she began circling her finger around the cock head. I shivered and groaned whenever her finger teased the underside.
Her finger stroked downward underneath my shaft towards the base. My cock jerked upwards in response as I let out an exhalation. She stopped and waited for my cock to calm down before she continued to travel downwards again.
My cock jerked up again.
It felt like an excruciatingly long time for her to reach the base as she stopped each time my cock jerked with pleasure.
She cupped my balls and gently fondled them. "I like your cock," she said.
"Uh, I like my cock too," I replied. Ezra let out a chuckle.
"Um, can we go to bed now?" I asked.
"Not yet," she said. "You disobeyed me by not doing exactly as I asked, so I need to punish you first."
"P-punish me?" I asked.
"I'm going to kneel down and suck your cock. I want you to watch yourself receiving a blowjob in the mirror."
I gulped. I liked Ezra's idea of punishment. "Okay."
"Do you prefer to watch the mirror from the side or in front?" she asked.
"The side."
"Turn my body so that our sides are facing the mirror."
I turned her body, positioning the mirror to my left.
"Can I kneel down and suck your cock?" She asked.
"Yes," I croaked.
----
"Give me a warning before you come," she said as she gripped the base of my cock.
I looked down at her kneeling in front of me. I had gotten many blowjobs, but this was the first time the girl was blindfolded.
I wondered if she would let me fuck her face like Denise.
I looked in the mirror to watch us. I almost didn't recognize the person I saw standing in front of a girl with his cock inches from her face.
I wanted to tell her it was usually impossible for me to come with just a blowjob like this, but I moaned when she put her tongue flat on the base of my cock.
Then very slowly, she moved her tongue up the shaft to the underside of the head. I felt my hip jerk as she used the tip of her tongue to tease the most sensitive spot. Then her tongue made a circle around the head. When it reached the underside again, her tongue glided back down the shaft toward the base in the same excruciatingly slow motion. At the base, she repeated the same movement up again.
I was wrong. I didn't like Ezra's idea of punishment.
Whenever I had blowjobs from Lisa and Denise, they sucked my cock enthusiastically to bring me as much pleasure as possible.
Ezra was just teasing me with her tongue. My groans were mixed with pleasure and frustration, with the frustration growing the longer she licked my cock.
"Um, is this still intended to whet my appetite?" I asked as her tongue traveled up my shaft for the third time.
She pulled back and retracted her tongue on my cock. "It was. You disobeyed me, so you lost all privileges. Now don't speak again until you're about to come. And if I catch you thrusting your hips again, trying to cram your cock into my mouth, you'll pay for it."
I wanted to tell her that I wasn't trying to cram my cock into her mouth. My thrusts were all involuntary. With the pleasure I was receiving from her tongue, it was impossible not to. I couldn't prevent them even if I tried. My body was reacting on its own. Ezra could also make it easier for me by not teasing me too much. I wondered if she was doing this on purpose to punish me. But I bit my tongue and tried not to move my hips again.
I felt a tingling fear in my gut mixed with anticipation. I was both afraid and excited at how Ezra would make me pay. Her current punishment was both enjoyable and torturous. I was in both heaven and hell. Half of me was drenched in heavenly bliss; the other half was tormented in fiery hell.
She lifted my cock and tongued my balls, using the flatness of her tongue to rub against my scrotum. I groaned again in pleasure. My butt clenched, and my hips thrust forward involuntarily yet again in response to the spike in pleasure.
Shit! I was worried I had disobeyed her again. But thankfully, she continued using her mouth and took one of my testicles into her mouth and sucked.
I didn't know what Ezra was going to do next. I wasn't even sure if she would allow me to fuck her later because I had disobeyed her. Or whether I could even kiss her again. The fear and excitement battled in my stomach. I wondered if that was how Ezra had felt when she was at my mercy.
I resolved to simply let Ezra do her thing.
She tongued her way up my balls to the base of the shaft, then caressed up the shaft, licking the pre-cum dripping down on the way up.
I sighed when she finally pursed her lips and allowed my cock into her mouth. She pushed her head slowly down as she took more of me into her mouth. But it was painfully slow.
I looked down at her as I watched my cock disappear into her mouth. She looked like a submissive when blindfolded like this. Except she was the mistress and I was the slave.
I groaned again as I felt my cock hitting the back of her throat. She pushed her head down even more until her lips were at the base. She started humming softly, and I felt ecstatic pleasure from the vibration.
She pulled my cock out of her mouth as slowly as it went in. Then, when only the mushroom head was between her lips, I thought she was going down again. But instead, she pulled out entirely and used the tip of her tongue to lick underneath the head again.
"Urgh!" I moaned, trying my best not to jerk my hip.
She flicked her tongue underneath the head again. Then a third time. Each flick brought my orgasm closer and closer to the brink.
She pushed my cock into her mouth again, with her tongue stroking underneath my cock as she traveled down slowly as before.
Halfway down, my cock started throbbing. My balls were drawing up towards my body. My butt started to clench.
"I'm... I'm going to come," I groaned.
She immediately pulled out and pressed her fingers on the spot where the head met the shaft.
"Ow!" I felt a sharp pain in my cock. My cock continued to throb, but no semen came out. The pain continued to grow with each throb.
"What are you --"
She cocked her head again, and I immediately shut up. We remained silent until the throbbing stopped.
Thankfully the pain passed as well.
I was now genuinely terrified at what she was going to do next.
"Are you going to disobey me again?" she asked.
"Definitely not," I blurted out.
"Good." She gave me a devilish grin. "Now help me up."
She raised her hand, and I took it, lifting her.
"Lead me to bed," she said.
----
I held Ezra's hand and brought her to bed.
She lay flat on her back with her legs open and hands at her side. She patted the spot beside her, then began issuing commands. I obeyed immediately.
"Lie on your side to my right," she commanded.
"Put your hand on my stomach."
"Are you going to disobey me again?" she asked.
"I won't," I promised.
She grinned. "Explore my body again, like you were supposed to, before. Do it well, and I might allow you to kiss me again."
Her body was lifeless again as a doll. Just like that, she was back at my mercy again. She had given me back control. My fear of her was receding with each passing moment. I never knew how she could shift the power dynamics between us back and forth so quickly without even doing much.
"May I speak?" I asked, like a child.
She drew in a deep breath and exhaled loudly. Then she nodded. "You may."
"I understand what you're trying to do, but can we skip all these steps now?"
"Skip and do what?" she asked.
"And, uh, have sex."
"We're already having sex. This is part of sex."
"I meant, uh, penetrative sex."
"How badly do you want to fuck me now?" she asked.
"Very badly," I confessed.
"Tell me, what do you think is the purpose of this exercise?"
"To get over my fear of intimacy?"
"That's part of it," she said.
"What's the other part?" I asked.
"Make a guess," she said.
"Make me desire you more?" I replied.
"That too. But there's more to it," Ezra said.
"Which is?" I was getting impatient with the question-and-answer game.
"Let's talk about what happened earlier when you put your cock between my legs."
The guilt and shame from earlier came back to haunt me again. "Sorry, I shouldn't have taken advantage of you like that."
"First, I want to reassure you that you did nothing wrong. Second, I enjoyed what you did. If you had started fucking me there and then, I would have welcomed it, even if you were disobeying me. Third, taking advantage of me was the point of the exercise." She gave me a broad smile to assure me she meant that.
"Really? You wanted me to do that?" I asked.
"Not putting your cock between my legs specifically."
"Then?" I asked.
"I wanted you to be comfortable with your desires and be uninhibited, without letting guilt and shame get in the way."
"I'm comfortable with it."
"Then why did you feel guilty for taking advantage of me? You were given permission to do that."
"I..." I stammered. She raised a good point. "I was afraid of that person I was becoming."
"What you just described is the feeling of shame. You're ashamed to discover who you were."
"I was. I felt like a monster. Or a rapist."
"There's a difference between desire, intention, and action. For example, many people would feel angry enough to want to kill someone. But thinking about it without acting out doesn't make them a murderer. Similar to how many married couples fantasize about others without committing the act of cheating."
"What if I actually raped you earlier?"
"But you didn't. And even if you did, if I asked you to stop, would you do it?"
"I think so," I said. "Um, I mean I hope I would."
"Then you're not a monster, Ken."
"Have you always known this about me?" I asked.
"Strict and religious upbringing can cause fear of intimacy. Or, at the very least, create a lot of baggage regarding sex."
"I don't think I have ever accepted my parents' beliefs on sex."
"When you hear enough time that sexual desires are bad, it can seep into your subconscious."
"So you think my fear of intimacy is caused by my upbringing?"
"One of the causes, yes."
"What are other causes?"
"Well, the purpose of this exercise is not just for your benefit. It's for me to understand you better. But you disobeyed me." She pouted.
I laughed as I marveled once again at how smart she was. There were so many layers to her thinking.
"I really want to kiss you now," I said.
"Is this your first time saying that to a girl?" she asked.
I tried to search my memories to see if I had told Lisa or Denise this before. "I don't think I have said it like this before," I said.
"Isn't it nice to share how you feel and act it out?"
"Is that permission for me to kiss you?"
She smiled and let it linger. "Later. For now, since you're on a roll, why don't you share more about what's in your head? Things you were afraid to share before."
"I'm not sure you want to know what I'm thinking right now."
"I don't think you can say anything that will make me cringe or judge you, Ken."
I wondered if she knew my exact thoughts at the moment. Finally, I decided to go for it. "I think I'm starting to be in love with you."
She tilted her head slightly, and I noticed a change in her breathing. "How do you feel saying that out loud?"
Her question reminded me of therapy. If only Ezra had been my therapist in high school. A bunch of naughty thoughts entered my mind at having Ezra as my therapist. I wondered how much I would have grown if Ezra and I had done this throughout high school.
"A little relief, but also scared at how you would reply to that."
"Not to discount your feelings, but I'm sure you're aware of the term 'transference?'"
"Yeah, but I was never in love with Doctor Lee."
She let out a chuckle. "Balding old men are not your type?"
I laughed again. "Maybe you should be my therapist instead," I said.
"I might get my license taken if I got caught having sex with my patient," she said. It took me a few moments to realize she was joking. Sometimes it was easy to forget Ezra was still a student and not yet a licensed therapist.
"We can be discreet," I joked back.
"Are you flirting with me, Ken?" she asked.
"What if I am?" I teased.
"Of all the naughty things you can do to me now, you just want to flirt with me?"
"Isn't that what it means to be in love?" I said.
"Hmmm... if you still feel the same way about me after you fuck me to your satisfaction, we can talk about it."
"Would you be my girlfriend if I asked?" I said.
"Not to avoid your question, and I promise we will talk about this but are you sure you want to continue talking right now when you could be doing other things?"
I grabbed the sleep mask and pulled it over her head. She flung her eyes open.
"You disobeyed me again." She scowled.
I wanted to reply that she hadn't said I couldn't remove her blindfold, but I doubted I could win that argument. I stared into her blue-green eyes. She was so pretty, even when she was scowling. "I want to kiss you," I said.
I paused to allow Ezra to object before leaning my head in to kiss her. She permitted me a quick peck on the lips before she pulled back and pushed my chest away.
We locked our gazes again. "You're giving me a strong case of blue-balls," she said.
Blue-balls? Ezra? I moved my hand from her stomach and reached between her legs, but she caught my hand and stopped me.
"Too late, Ken. You missed your chance to touch me."
Now it was my case of blue-balls.
"Can we just skip all these and just make love?" I asked.
"Maybe you should have thought of that before you removed my blindfold," she replied, a little too sternly for my liking.
I wondered if she knew that the more she prevented me from being intimate with her, the more I wanted her.
"So we're not going to have sex anymore?" I asked.
"Isn't it interesting how you were afraid of being intimate with me on the couch even when your cock was inside me just now, but now you're telling me how much you want to make love to me? Confessing your desires and feelings to me? Making a move to kiss me all on your own?"
"Your therapy is definitely working," I replied.
"It wasn't my intention to make you fall in love with me, Ken," she said.
"So you believe that I'm in love with you?"
"I believe that you believe that," she said.
"I can show you how much I believe," I said.
"Okay, use your words," she said.
"There are other things I can do with my mouth."
She chuckled. "Well, you wanted to talk. So talk."
"You're driving me crazy," I said.
She laughed again. "Do you still desire me to be your girlfriend?"
"The desire is growing stronger by the minute."
"Does this have to do with Lisa's requirement: about wanting you to have a girlfriend first before she would consider you as her second boyfriend?"
"She told you about that?" I asked.
"Lisa and I share everything with each other. I also talk to Denise every day."
"I have not thought about Lisa since we entered the room, which is strange for me because I think of her all the time, even when I'm with her."
"So you don't want to be Lisa's boyfriend anymore?" she asked.
"I... right now, I just want to be with you."
"You're making it hard for me to help you, Ken."
"Why?"
"I can't be in control if you keep doing this."
"If I want to have sex badly with you now, then it's working, right?"
"By that logic, since you're no longer afraid of intimacy with me, then it doesn't matter if we don't have sex at all," she said.
Fuck! Did I just shoot myself in the foot? Cockblocking myself? Shit.
"Um, are we not going to have sex anymore?" I asked.
She maintained a straight face. "We'll see."
Phew. A glimmer of hope. "You're really driving me crazy," I said.
"You started it first."
"What did I do?"
"You make me so horny until I'm barely thinking straight," she said.
I couldn't understand what Ezra was trying to do. She confessed to being aroused and wanting to have sex with me, yet she denied me each time I initiated. "So you still want to have sex with me?"
"Of course I do. I had been waiting for you to complete the exercise and then fuck me," Ezra said. "But you don't have my permission to fuck me now."
"What can I do to get that permission again?"
"We're going to talk first. Be a good boy, and maybe you can fuck me."
I sighed. "Okay."
"Tell me, do you actually want me as your girlfriend?" she asked. "Beyond Lisa's requirement."
"I had not thought about Lisa's requirement when I first asked you to be my girlfriend. But now that you mentioned it, if it satisfies Lisa's requirement, it's the best-case scenario."
"Even if I agree, I'm certain my sister would say no."
"Why not?"
"You can ask her that. In fact, if she agrees, I'm willing to be your girlfriend for the time being until you find another one."
The sudden turn of conversation caught me off-guard. I tried to keep up with what we were talking about and carefully considered her words.
"Are you saying this because you want to be my girlfriend, or you're confident she will say no?" I asked.
"I don't mind playing the part of your girlfriend. But I'm in a poly relationship myself, so it's not easy for me to simply say yes."
"So you're willing to be my girlfriend?"
"We would need to first clarify what you mean by 'girlfriend.' We can spend time together, have sex, and with me continue to help you without being romantically involved. You also have Lisa and Denise to think about. We can't just jump into a relationship just because we feel like it at the moment."
This "what it means to be my girlfriend" thing was starting to annoy me. The problem with non-monogamous relationships is that everyone has a different definition of "relationship." Relationship experts on the internet recommend choosing your own definition with rules that best suit you, but I had no idea how to go about doing it.
"Can I ask you a separate, personal question?" I said.
"You can ask me anything, Ken."
"Have you, uh, always wanted to have sex with me?"
"Hmmm, my family has always been unconventional in the sense that we like having sex with others outside of a relationship, especially with friends," Ezra said. "You're my friend, so I want to have sex with you. But, intellectually, I also want to see how this goes with you."
I never hated my fear of intimacy and physical contact more than this moment. I could have spent my high school having sex with the Kelton sisters and Denise. I didn't even need to be romantically involved with them. We could just have sex as friends. The Keltons were definitely very unconventional.
"So it's like an experiment for you?" I asked.
"Yes, but I get to have sex with my subject. So it's a bonus for me."
"Have you ever liked me in a romantic sense since high school?"
"I have always shared an intellectual intimacy with you since high school. It made me want to be physically intimate with you. But if you're asking me if I want you to be my boyfriend, I have not considered that question."
"Would you consider that question now?" I asked.
"You need to talk to Lisa and Denise about it first. I also need to talk to my partners."
"What if it's just an intellectual question? A simple yes or no."
"Not to say this as a rejection, but before today, we haven't spoken much for over a year since I graduated from high school," Ezra said. "We were just friends who went to the same school together. Maybe you might even treat me like a sister or cousin. It's too early for us to consider that question."
"That sounds like a no."
"Don't regress to the Insecure Ken. Be the Bold and Confident Ken that made my pussy dripping with excitement."
"That Ken also didn't get the job done," I complained.
"Didn't get the job done?" she asked.
"Sorry, I meant that Bold and Confident Ken didn't have sex with you."
"That was your choice, remember?"
"So that's another object lesson I should always listen to you? Punishment for disobeying you?"
She put her hand on my chest. "Don't think it like that, Ken. I thought you knew that the part about the punishment is just a joke."
"I'm not sure about that now," I grumbled.
"Changed your mind yet about wanting to be my boyfriend?" She smiled teasingly, reminding me how pretty she was and making me fall in love with her all over again.
I let out a chuckle. My emotions were back on the roller coaster again. Ezra played my feelings expertly like a concert pianist.
"So what now?" I asked.
"I'm torn between punishing you some more and letting you fuck me," she teased me again.
"I think I've been punished enough already," I said, praying she would choose the second option.
"I was dying for you to stuff your cock inside me, but you killed the mood. Don't you think you should be punished?"
"I can make it up to you," I said.
"How?" she asked.
I took the blindfold in my hand and lifted it over her head. She smiled and raised her head to allow me to put it back on.
Fully blindfolded again, she leaned her head back down on the bed. "Touch me, Ken," she said.
"You're not supposed to be talking," I admonished her playfully.
She grinned. "I'm all yours."
----
This time, I decided to obey her instructions like a good boy and feast my eyes on her naked body.
But first, I needed to recenter myself. I was starting to feel exhausted from the whirlpool of emotions I had been experiencing. My arousal and excitement from before had waned.
Sometimes when I was having sex with Lisa or Denise, I would get lost in the act until it started to feel mechanical, like we were just going through the motions. When I was still a virgin, and even after I started having sex, I never imagined sex would feel mechanical.
Both Denise and Lisa had ways to bring me out of that state until I was excited about sex again. With Denise, she could quickly 'flip the switch' in me by changing things up, such as trying on something novel, striking a sexy pose, talking dirty, or putting on a new dress and asking me to fuck her in it. The last one was my new favorite.
With Lisa, she would help me get out of my head and get me to focus on my senses. One of the ways she did this was to get me to slow down and pay attention to the present moment of what we were doing.
Since Ezra was just going to lie there, it was up to me to get myself excited again.
I slid my left hand underneath Ezra's neck. I wrapped my arm around her shoulder, pulling her closer to me and enjoying her bare skin against mine.
I placed my right hand gently on Ezra's stomach. She shivered a little from my touch. I waited for her to relax again before I started tracing small circles around her stomach in no particular direction or order. It wasn't long before she was spasming--just a little--under my touch. Just a little. Goosebumps rose on her skin. I could hear her breath quicken.
Her reactions were so sexy. My arousal was back in full swing again, matching the hardness of my cock,
I traced my fingers downwards towards her pelvis, then down her smooth pubic area. Ezra inhaled sharply in anticipation of her pussy getting touched. But instead, I traced back upwards her stomach, towards her breasts, then along her sternum between her breasts.
I admired how her breasts were so full and round but hardly sagged, even on her slim frame. Her nipples stood high and erected. My fingers traveled upwards, 'accidentally' brushing the side of her breasts with the back of my hand. I continued up to her collarbone, over her breast, then to her left shoulder. I continued down her left arm, enjoying the sensation of her bare skin until I reached her wrist and stroked her open palm. Her hand jerked a little. She was ticklish. I chuckled when she scowled a little.
I moved my fingers back up her left arm. From her left shoulder, I moved my fingers just outside of her left breast, again brushing against it. My fingers went around the circumference of her breast, to her sternum, then above her right breast. I performed the same pattern on her right breast until I arrived back at her sternum again.
She was panting now, with her breasts heaving and the smell of her arousal getting stronger. An aroused Ezra was so hot.
My arousal and desire to fuck Ezra were fully restored. I guessed this was the purpose of Ezra's exercise, as she had intended. To build up my desire to touch her, be intimate with her, and enjoy her body before I would penetrate her.
But before I could fuck her, I needed to continue playing Ezra's game.
From her sternum, my fingers traveled upwards towards her collarbone, up her neck. Next, I traced along her angular jaw bones. Then up her cheek and to her mouth.
I caressed my middle finger on her upper lips from left to the right, then her lower lips in the opposite direction. Her lips were kissable.
She lifted her head slightly, opened her mouth, and began sucking on my finger as if she were giving a blowjob.
"I thought you said no penetration," I said, surprised.
She released my finger from her mouth, flashed a grin, and stuck her tongue at me. Too cute.
"Can I kiss you now?" I asked.
Ezra tilted her head toward me. "Which lips?" she asked innocently.
It was my turn to grin. "Both lips," I said.
She smiled and nodded.
I held her neck with my right hand and tilted her head towards me. Then I leaned in for the kiss.
----
At the start of my sex education, Denise described kissing as men's greatest weapon. A great kiss could make a girl fall madly in love with you. A great kiss could make a girl panting with desire and begging you to fuck her. A great kiss could even make the most reluctant woman have sex with you.
"You can make a woman cheat on her husband, or a nun to disavow her faith," Denise explained. "Everything began with a great kiss. Nail that first kiss, and a girl is putty in your hands. Nail that first kiss, and she's yours."
I wanted to ask Denise how I could get a nun to kiss me in the first place. Or how to get any girl to kiss me, for that matter. But I decided to leave my questions for future lessons. I was more excited for the lecture to end and the practical tutorial to begin.
----
I wanted Ezra to be putty in my hands and fall in love with me, so I put everything I had into my first kiss with her.
According to Denise, the best kiss requires just the right amount of pressure. You don't want to make your lips completely solid or pursed. On the other hand, you also don't want to do the opposite where they're totally slack with no form. It had taken me a lot of practice to get it right.
As I leaned in for the kiss with Ezra, I pushed my lips forward very slightly at the sides and turned my lips into delectable cushions, as though I had lip filler injections.
With my mouth closed, I pressed my lips into Ezra's. Ezra returned the kiss as our lips made contact. A surge of pleasure emanated from our first kiss. Ezra's bodily response and sigh told me she was feeling the same.
As far as the first kiss went, it wasn't too bad.
I pulled back from the kiss with Ezra and leaned in for a second with my mouth slightly parted.
The open-mouth kiss without tongue took me the longest to master. There were different levels to it based on different contexts.
The ideal mouth shape and movements for the perfect kiss are intuitive and very tough to describe. But the closest description would be how you would imitate a wolf's howl without the sound. Denise had me practice making the "Aahh-OOooo!" sound without making any noise in front of the mirror several times a day. Then, during the kiss, as my mouth reached the "oo" shape, I needed to press my lips forward a bit and swing my lips into the kiss in rhythm.
Ezra opened her mouth to meet mine for our second kiss. We continued to kiss open mouthed--without tongue--until I felt Ezra put her tongue against my lips.
It was time to go to the next level.
Kissing with tongue was like fighting the Final Boss of a Role-Playing Game. Or, as Denise loved to call it, "The gateway to the pussy."
Denise told me that most men failed at this level. "Don't immediately stick your tongue into her mouth like you're penetrating a pussy," she lectured.
According to Denise, I should rarely use the tip of the tongue at the start of the tongue kiss. I shouldn't be slipping my tongue like a snake in and out of her mouth. Instead, I was supposed to use the middle of the tongue.
"Use the middle of my tongue to kiss?" I asked. "How?"
"Place the tip of your tongue on your bottom teeth against the back of your lip," Denise explained. "Now pretend it's attached there by a hinge. When you push your tongue forward, the tip should stay right there, while the middle section raises up and forward, creating a small pad of tongue sitting just behind your lips."
Denise opened her mouth and did what she said as a demonstration before continuing.
"With this technique, when you gently open and close your mouth, your tongue will move like a wave," Denise explained. "As you open your mouth, your tongue relaxes, and as you connect and close your mouth, your tongue waves forward. Imagine the tip of your tongue flicking against the inside of your bottom lip with each wave."
Denise made me repeat the wave motion several times until I got it. I found it was actually easier than I thought.
"Now, when you kiss me, use the middle of your tongue to lick against my upper lips, lower lips, and tongue," Denise said. "Vary the rhythm, pressure, and position slightly each time."
As I used the middle of my tongue to kiss Ezra with my mouth open, I found her doing the same, matching my exact movement and rhythm. The electric charge surged each time our tongues connected.
"Only progress on to deep-tongue kissing when the girl is ready for it. If not, it can feel too aggressive. A sure sign is when she's hot and bothered," Denise said.
"How do I know when she's hot and bothered?" I asked Denise during our kissing lessons.
"When she's opening her mouth wider and sliding her tongue into yours, when she's pressing her mouth more into yours or when she's leaning her body into yours," Denise said. "If you're both still clothed, she might even start humping against you."
Ezra was the first to stick the tip of her tongue into my mouth. I could also feel her body rocking and pressing into mine with each kiss. Ezra was hot and bothered now.
As our tongues danced with each other, I roamed my hands all over Ezra's body again. I squeezed her tits, caressed her stomach, hugged her hips, cupped her butt cheeks, teased her thighs, then moved back up again.
She placed her right hand on my neck and continued grinding her body against mine. Her other hand caressed all over me, although carefully avoiding my cock.
We were both moaning from our passionate kissing, and panting with desire.
"Denise taught you how to kiss well," Ezra said as she pulled back from our kiss. I wondered if she knew what I was going to do even without the ability to see.
"She did," I replied, leaning in to kiss Ezra again.
Ezra returned the kiss before pulling away again. "I taught Denise how to kiss," she said. "We spent many hours in high school kissing. And more."
That explained why our mouth movement and rhythm matched perfectly. Ezra taught Denise, who then taught me. I was kissing my grandmaster. Though I wondered why Ezra was telling me this now. I imagined Ezra and Denise, two high school girls, naked and on the bed making out passionately, their massive tits pressed together, their hands between each other's thighs...
I stopped my mind from fantasizing about Ezra and Denise, pulling my attention to the present.
"Stop talking," I said. "I want to kiss you."
Ezra flashed me a teasing grin, then stuck out her tongue playfully. She was toying with me again. I wondered if her therapy involved driving me crazy. Crazy in love with her.
I opened my mouth and sucked her tongue. She moaned in her throat. I held her neck as I pressed my lips against hers, pushing my tongue deeper into her mouth. She hungrily kissed me back.
----
"Touch me," Ezra panted as we broke our kiss again.
I watched Ezra's breasts jiggle with each breath. Her chest was flushed. A delectable sight. Her pussy was visibly wet, even on the outside. Her thick sexual musk permeated the room.
I knew at that moment that this wasn't about the exercise anymore. Ezra wanted me to touch her for her pleasure.
Denise was right. A great kiss was powerful. A weapon of mass destruction, obliterating everything in the mind except sex.
Ezra was now mine.
I wanted to dive between her legs. After prolonged teasing, I could finally reach my prize. The knowledge that Ezra wanted me now was intoxicating.
But despite my arousal, I wasn't in a hurry as before. I could spend the whole day kissing her, cuddling beside her, and touching her naked body.
Being with Ezra was like having a spiritual transformation. The longer I spent with her, the more my mind evolved.
An evil thought rose in my head. The tables were now turned. At this moment, she wanted me more than I wanted her.
Ezra had spent the whole time teasing me, toying with me, and tormenting me. She turned my desire for her into an obsession. While I was in control of her body, she had been controlling my feelings and emotions.
I decided it was my turn to pay her back. I wanted to make her beg for it. "Touch you where?" I asked.
She let out a little grin, not giving me the satisfaction of making her beg. "Touch me below," she said.
I removed my hand from her neck and placed my middle finger on her collarbone. "Here?" I asked.
"Lower," she replied.
I caressed my finger down to her sternum, between her breasts. "Here?" I asked again.
"Lower," she repeated her answer.
The game continued. I teased my finger down her torso, stopping every few inches and asking her the same question. She replied the same each time.
Goosebumps reappeared all over her skin. Her chest continued to heave. Again, she was panting with anticipation. I imagined how she was feeling from her perspective. Blindfolded and not knowing what was going on, except for the touch of my finger on her skin. Both terrified and excited at the same time.
When my finger reached her pubic area, she opened her legs wider as an invitation. "Almost there," she panted.
She was still in control, so I decided to switch tactics. Using two fingers, I moved them down toward her pussy. She tilted her hips up in anticipation. Then, just before reaching the clit, I widened the fingers apart and continued downwards, narrowly missing her clit.
She groaned in frustration.
Denise had told me that as our arousal goes up and blood flows to our pelvic region, the area surrounding our genitals gets more sensitive. Pleasure is amplified. This was probably how Ezra was feeling right now.
Ezra let out a sharp exhalation as I continued downwards around her outer folds and the back of her thighs towards her anus.
Reaching the bottom of her butt cheeks, I changed direction. I used the back of my two fingers and moved up, again narrowly missing touching her vagina directly.
I continued to tease around Ezra's crotch with my fingers, carefully avoiding all of her most sensitive spots. Eventually, I sat up and repositioned myself between her legs without pausing the rhythm.
Ezra opened her legs wider and bent her knee towards her chest, already anticipating what I was about to do.
Kneeling between her thighs, I leaned forward and used everything Denise had taught me about eating pussy.
----
My first practical tutorial on cunnilingus began during a threesome with Lisa and Denise. By then, I had some experience eating a girl out, although what I knew was just based on porn and what I had read online.
Denise found lecturing challenging while her pussy was being stimulated, so she brought Lisa in as a practice dummy. With Lisa lying on her back, a pillow beneath her butt, and her knees raised, Denise began teaching me the basics of eating pussy.
"Start with licking up and down her lips," Denise instructed. "Slowly from bottom to top. Keep your tongue flat and use your whole tongue instead of just the tip. Stay away from the clit for the time being."
I followed her instruction, My tongue sliding those her lips, tasting the tanginess of Lisa's pussy.
"Keep doing that for a while to get her warmed up. You can experiment a little by varying the speed, length, and pressure of your tongue to see how she responds. Lisa likes it long and more pressure with varying rhythms. I like it fast and flickering, like a dog lapping. Just don't vary the tempo too much at a time for each girl.
I followed Denise's direction, pressing my tongue harder and giving Lisa a long lick, causing her to moan and jerk her hip a little. I used my hands to hold her thighs down and gave her the same lick, earning another moan.
"Oh..."
Encouraged by Lisa's moans, I kept licking and applying pressure with my tongue. With my nose this close to Lisa's pussy, the scent of her arousal was overpowering.
"Keep doing that," Denise continued, "but every once in a while, let your tongue just slide briefly over her clitoral hood as if it was an accident."
"Mmph!" Lisa let out as I flickered my tongue across her hood.
Denise talked me through gradually increasing the flicks on the clit, and the vary the stroke by fucking Lisa's pussy with my tongue. She taught me to occasionally focus my licks on each lip and eventually suck them as well.
"Now, use your middle finger and push inside her slowly," Denise instructed.
I had watched enough porn to know that my finger should be pointing upwards to stroke the g-spot. I gently inserted my finger inside and found that Lisa was very wet, with my finger sliding in easily.
"Each girl is different," Denise said. "Generally, it's better to start slow before gradually increasing the speed and adding another finger. Pay attention to how her body responds."
I used two fingers, then three fingers, while increasing the speed until I felt Lisa's hip jerk again.
"Urghh...." Lisa let out a series of guttural moans.
"Remember to keep up the licking while you fuck her with your fingers," Denise advised. "You can also increase tongue contact with her clit."
By now, Lisa's moan was continuous. Her hip kept jerking, sometimes rather violently. I continued on everything that Denise mentioned. It was hard work, coordinating both my hand and my mouth, varying the rhythm, and switching from licking to sucking and back to licking. All while paying attention to Lisa's body responses.
"You'll notice her hips are starting to gyrate up and down now," Denise said. "Sometimes Lisa can be thrash a little violently. It means she's close. Use your other hand to hold her hips down. Now, focus on her clit, alternating between sucking and licking. See which one works better and focus more on that."
"Oh yes... yes... yes... oh yes..." Lisa kept moaning.
"Remember not to stop your fingers," Denise reminded me. "You can start fucking her as fast as possible. With your fingers."
"Oh!" Lisa cried. "Oh fuck me, Ken!"
"She's very close now," Denise said. "If you can, fasten your lips around her clit and suck hard while also flicking your tongue directly on her clit in your mouth."
Then Lisa let out a scream. She wrapped her legs tightly around my neck. Her hips started thrashing violently in random movements.
I kept up the pressure on my lips and the movement of my fingers even as I felt my neck getting squeezed by Lisa's legs. My other hand maintained pressure to restrain her pelvic thrusts.
After a minute or so, Lisa's spasms eventually faded. Then, she relaxed her legs and released me.
I felt a sense of accomplishment knowing I had successfully eaten pussy like a champ. Though I suspected that Lisa was someone who could get off easily, no matter who was eating her out.
I looked at Denise and saw her smirking at me. She was panting slightly too. One of her hands was pulling her nipple; the other was between her legs as she slowly inserted her fingers in and out.
"Denise? Do you want me to, um, eat your pussy as well?" I asked.
Denise grinned. "I was waiting for you to ask."
----
Using my knowledge of pussy licking, as taught by Denise, I applied everything I had learned about cunnilingus as I ate Ezra out.
Ezra moaned, and her hips jerked continuously as I made small circles on her clit with the tip of my tongue. I frequently switched between sucking her clit and using the back of my tongue to give a long lick to her lips. Then it's back to small circles again.
Usually, by this point, when the girl's body was reacting like Ezra's, I had learned it was best to keep doing what she liked instead of varying the technique. This would get her deeper and deeper into her orgasm until she was ready to come. Then it was time for the finishing move of sucking on her clit hard.
But I didn't want to give Ezra an orgasm yet, so I kept switching things up to continue teasing her instead.
I wanted to make Ezra beg for it.
Ezra's pussy looked like she was wet enough for insertion. So I gently introduced my middle finger into her entrance.
But even before the first knuckle disappeared, Ezra gripped my hand to stop me from proceeding further.
Shit! I had forgotten about the no-penetration rule. I hadn't asked for permission yet.
I was afraid Ezra would punish me again for disobeying her, but instead, she remained silent.
With her knees still bent to her chest, Ezra turned her body around until she was kneeling down before pushing her legs out and laying down flat on her belly.
She turned her head over her shoulder and told me, "Come inside."
I finally got the green light to penetrate her with my cock. Watching a girl lying flat on her belly like this, with her legs parted to reveal her entrance and her butt raised in invitation, was my favorite sight.
"Come inside" was my favorite phrase. It contained a double meaning of "put your cock inside my pussy" and then "ejaculate inside." Two simple words full of meaning.
I was about to jump on top of her and slide my cock into her when I paused. I hadn't succeeded in my mission to make Ezra beg yet. I had waited so long for this moment. But now, knowing she wanted me to fuck her, I decided to tease her more until she begged for it.
Kneeling between her legs, I gripped her butt cheeks with both hands and spread them apart, exposing more of her pussy lips and her rosebud. Another beautiful sight. I wondered if Ezra would allow me into her ass after Lisa had her turn.
I licked her outer folds with the flat of my tongue. Starting at the bottom to all the way up between her two holes. Then, instead of licking her rosebud directly, I licked around it with the tip of my tongue.
Ezra moaned in pleasure as her anus clenched. I waited for her to relax before licking around again, causing another moan as she clenched again.
Despite Denise's insistence, I had taken a long time to get used to the idea of rimming. Denise didn't enjoy anal penetration, but she did enjoy rimming. But it was only after Denise showed me how pleasurable it was after doing it on me that I decided it was something I should get used to doing.
Denise's argument was simple. "Rimming is very pleasurable, so you should do it," she said. Then, when I was still a little reluctant, Denise dealt the clincher, "Lisa loves getting rimmed."
It turned out that Ezra enjoyed getting rimmed too. As I continued to lightly tongue the outside of her rosebud, she pushed her butt closer and closer to my face, wanting me to apply more pleasure. Lisa could get off with rimming when more pressure was applied, so I guessed that Ezra could come from it too.
After another minute or two of tonguing, Ezra turned her head over her shoulder. "Are you going to continue teasing me?" she asked.
I lifted my head between her cheeks. "Is there something else I should be doing?" I asked.
She grinned a little at my reply and then resumed a straight face. "You can fuck me," she said.
"I thought I was already fucking you," I said. "This is sex, right?"
"With your cock," she replied.
I pressed the flat of my thumb on the entrance of her anus. Her butt clenched again as she let out a moan. "Here?" I asked.
"You can get there later," Ezra said. "For now, I want to feel your cock inside my vagina."
I find myself grinning. I was close to achieving my objective of making Ezra beg. It was a good thing she couldn't see my smile.
"Is that a suggestion or a command?" I asked.
"Are you really going to make me beg, Ken?" Ezra asked.
I never knew how she could always read my mind. I thought of asking her to beg for it but decided it was finally time to be inside her. I always enjoyed slow foreplay, but this time was by far the slowest ever.
I decided that playtime was over. I wanted to be inside Ezra now.
So I got on top of her, pressing my chest against her back. I held my cock, positioned the head at her entrance, and pushed.
Once the head was in, Ezra lifted her butt and pushed back against me, burying my cock fully inside her in one stroke. The sudden surge of pleasure caused my legs to give way, and I collapsed my weight on her.
We both moaned loudly at the suddenness. I lay still on top of Ezra, enjoying the warmth and the pleasure of being inside her.
"Now," Ezra panted, "fuck me until you come."
I obeyed. I wrapped my left arm underneath Ezra's torso and gripped her right shoulder. My right hand reached down and grabbed her butt cheek. Then I pounded into her. It took me just a few short minutes until my orgasm started. I felt my balls drawing in, my butt clench, and my cock throb, as my semen spurted into Ezra.
After the last throb of my ejaculation subsided, I collapsed back onto Ezra, my chest against her back. I remained fully hard, flexing my cock inside her periodically to continue my pleasure.
"Are you close?" I asked.
"Close, but not on the brink," she said.
"How can I help you come?"
"I can achieve an orgasm in many ways. For penetrative sex with someone new, and especially with a cock like yours, getting fucked hard in doggystyle tends to be the easiest," Ezra said. "But I'm not in the rush to come. Today is all about you."
"I want you to enjoy having sex with me as well," I replied.
"Unlike Denise, I don't need to have an orgasm to enjoy sex. This is already satisfying for me," she replied.
"Denise said I should always get the girl off during sex," I said.
Ezra chuckled. "That's Denise. I promise you that I'm enjoying myself like this."
"Even if you don't have an orgasm?"
"I enjoy having orgasms like the next girl. But sex for me is not always about having an orgasm."
"Then what is sex about for you?" I asked.
"I'm enjoying the intimacy with you like this... Feeling you inside me, your body against mine, you hugging me from behind... It's satisfying even without having an orgasm. Don't you feel the same way?"
My desire was more carnal than Ezra described. "Uh, I do. But I still prefer to have an orgasm everytime I have sex."
I felt tremors from her vagina walls as she chuckled. "Then maybe you should learn that sex doesn't always have to end in an orgasm. There are more than one way to get pleasure from sex."
"Uh right," I said, though I couldn't completely agree. Sex without an orgasm meant having blue balls. Not fun. "I get pleasure from giving my partner orgasms as well."
"That's a good attitude to have," she said. "No wonder Denise loves having sex with you."
I wanted to tell Ezra that Denise mostly cared about her own orgasms. Denise wouldn't let me come until she had her fill. "I really want to help you come," I said. "Can I?"
She cocked her head to the side. I feared she might go into therapist mode and ask, 'Let's talk about that. Why the strong desire to make me come?'
Instead, she turned her head back and smiled at me. "Then I won't say no to that."
----
Gripping her hips with both hands, I kneeled back up and pulled her along with me until she was up on her knees and elbows. I took a few moments to admire her beautiful bottom with my cock buried inside her.
I already came once, so now I was committed to helping Ezra get off. Now was the time to apply everything I had learned about sex and give Ezra the orgasm she deserved.
According to Denise, apart from the kiss, giving a mind-blowing orgasm to a girl would make her more attached to you. When done right, she would fall in love and be addicted to fucking you. I wanted Ezra to be all those, so I made sure I was going to give her a mind-blowing orgasm.
Pushing all the way in, I rolled my hips in a rhythm Denise had taught me. On the way out, I angled my cock downwards so that I would rub against her g-spot. Ezra gave me an encouraging moan, but the angle still wasn't perfect. So I pushed down on the middle of her back so she would arch her back more. Then I pushed her legs wider apart so her hips would open up even more. I gave a few tentative thrusts and repositioned her body again. Only once I was sure that the angle and position were correct I started to pound in and out of her earnestly.
Ezra pushed her hips back, matching my rhythm, with her butt pressing firmly against my thighs with each thrust. I took that as a signal that she wanted me to go faster and harder, so I did.
When I heard her squeak and felt her legs start jerking, I knew she was close. So I switched to slower but even harder strokes, slamming into the back of her butt each time.
Ezra reached her right hand behind me and held my hip. Then she began to lengthen her body on the bed, pulling me along. I got the hint and allowed myself to be dragged downwards, using my hands to support my weight as she sank down flat.
Lying on top of her like before, I continued with my slow but hard strokes. I felt tremors in her pussy, pushing me towards another orgasm.
"Come with me, Ken," she begged, breathlessly..
The combination of her words, the position, and the sensation of her vagina walls on my cock threatened to make me come. I clenched my butt and tried to hold on as long as I could while I continued to fuck her from behind.
Just when I thought I could hold on no longer, I felt Ezra's hips give a final jerk, her pussy squeezed tightly on my cock, and she moaned as she came. A few seconds later, I exploded inside her for the second time as we rode our orgasms together.
Fully spent, I leaned my head against hers. Then I closed my eyes, grateful that Denise taught me to control my ejaculation.
----
Once we caught our breath, she signaled me to get off of her. I pulled out my slightly deflated cock and rolled to the side. She turned her body towards me and cuddled my side, leaning her head against my chest. She took off the blindfold and looked at me.
I looked back into her blue-green eyes. Instead of feeling fear from the eye contact, all I felt was affection, attachment and... and love. I sensed that Ezra was feeling the same thing, though I wasn't certain.
We continued to cuddle and maintain eye contact in silence as we enjoyed our bliss.
----
"Do you think I'll ever stop being weird?" I asked as we continued to cuddle.
"In the first place, do you care that other people think you're weird?" Ezra said.
"I just want to be normal," I replied.
"Being normal is vastly overrated, don't you think?"
"Not for the people who are not considered normal by others."
"Do you find me weird?" Ezra asked.
"Not more than me."
"Really? Even my name is weird."
"I've always wanted to ask about that," I said. "Is there a reason why your parents gave you... this name?"
"My mother is a sexual liberty activist. She gave me a male name, in part, in her war against heteronormativity, and in part, to point a middle finger towards her bible-thumping mother."
"What about Lisa and Elsa?" I asked.
"Something happened between mine and Lisa's birth, so my mother decided to give Lisa and Elsa female names."
"What happened?"
"That's a story for another time," she said. "But my question to you is, why do you want to be normal?"
"That's, uh, a very good question," I replied as I carefully considered her question. "So that I can fit in? So that I can be accepted?"
"The truth is there's no such thing as being normal."
"But there are social norms that people adapt to, making it easier for them to fit in, right?" I asked.
"You don't have to be normal or follow social norms to fit in or to be accepted."
"Really?"
"Take heteronormativity, for example," Ezra said. "Many people used to think that heterosexuality is normal, the default setting for humans. But to the non-heterosexual, being straight is considered weird. But now, even people identifying as LGBT are being accepted."
"Some people think lesbians or bisexuals are hot."
She let out a little grin. "Fetishizing lesbianism aside, do you think for the same things that some people find weird or unattractive, others may find them attractive?"
"So your suggestion is to find people who think that having social anxiety and intimacy issues are attractive?" I asked.
"Some people find shy, quieter, and nerdy guys desirable."
"Like Elsa?" I asked.
Elsa was one year younger than Lisa and she used to hang out with us in high school. But unlike Lisa and Ezra, the youngest Kelton sister used to be shy, like me.
There was a time when Lisa wanted me to date her younger sister. It was right after Lisa and Tony got together. Lisa suggested Elsa and I double-date with them. Elsa and I even went out a couple of times on our own.
Going on dates with Elsa was awkward for me. With the both of us naturally quiet, we didn't talk much when we were together. But she didn't mind that. She even wanted to go on more dates with me. She said she enjoyed spending time with me. But I didn't. I only wanted to be with Lisa.
But we bonded over our dislike for Tony. At that time, I disliked Tony for being with Lisa. Elsa disliked Tony because she didn't like confident, smooth, and charismatic guys like Tony.
Elsa was probably the only person who disliked Tony. Everyone else liked Tony. Even the teachers and principal liked him. But not Elsa. She found guys like Tony to be threatening to her. She liked shy guys like me. Though I was certain that Elsa didn't like me in the romantic sense. She only liked being with me because I was so non-threatening.
But I did like Elsa a lot as a friend. She was a very sweet girl. Though the kind of sweetness that made me sometimes cringe for some reason. It was too much. Eventually, Elsa found her group of friends and stopped hanging out with me. I hadn't talked to her much since.
"I do think Elsa is a good match for you," Ezra said.
"But would Elsa want to be my girlfriend?" I asked.
"I'm not sure if she's as infatuated with you as she was before, but I'm sure she still likes guys like you."
"Wait, Elsa was infatuated with me?"
"Not in the way you were infatuated with Lisa," Ezra explained. "I think she liked being with you because you were her only male friend then. I think she also liked you because Lisa cares greatly for you."
"I'm still not used to hearing how girls like or liked me, even from back in high school," I said.
"Your feelings of inadequacy aside, attraction and infatuation can happen more often than you think. Though these can also disappear as quickly as they appear."
I wondered if Ezra was hinting that my infatuation for her was nothing special and wouldn't last. But I didn't want to discuss that particular line of thought. "So you're saying, if I was not so attracted to Lisa, I could have lost my virginity much earlier?"
Ezra chuckled. "Even if two people like each other, it doesn't always mean they would or should be together. Or fuck each other."
"Uh, right."
"But I still think you and Elsa would be great together."
"I think Elsa is too far up the social ladder for me."
"Even higher than Lisa and Denise?" Ezra asked.
"That's different," I said. "We've been friends for a long time."
"Elsa is a good example of what it means to overlook your perceived flaws and find your strengths instead," Ezra said. "Elsa always thought of herself as flat-chested, so she focused on her butt."
After Elsa got over her shyness and became best friends with a girl named Karen from high school, they somehow became Instagram models with millions of followers. One thing these fans had in common was their love for Elsa's ass.
Elsa had a petite body with a big bubble butt that seemed too large for her body, but not flabby. Any ass-man would rate her ass a perfect ten. Unlike her sisters, she was athletic and played on the volleyball team. All the constant lunging and jumping tuned her butt to greater perfection.
Elsa's self-perceived flaw was her breasts. They weren't as big as her sisters' tits. But anyone who looked at her wouldn't consider her "flat" by any means.
"I wouldn't consider Elsa flat-chested," I said.
Ezra smiled. "You should tell her that when you see her. She wondered when her B-cups would turn into D-cups, like mine and Lisa's."
"Um, isn't it rude to talk about cup sizes?"
"That's all she complains about every time I talk with her," Ezra said. "If a guy she likes compliments her for having great-looking tits it will make her very happy."
That didn't sound like the Elsa I knew. That Elsa didn't put much emphasis on the way she looked. Although that was before she became a model.
"Uh, right," I gave a half-hearted response. There's no way I could openly tell Elsa her that tits look great. "Back to what you were saying earlier, the thing about Elsa is she's always been attractive. I'm not."
"It took Elsa a while to discover her strength. You just need to discover yours."
"I don't think I have any," I retorted.
"I've been hearing that you're a joy to have sex with," Ezra said with teasing eyes. "After experiencing it myself, I must agree. This can be your strength."
"Strength in being good at sex? Isn't that common?"
"Attractive women like Elsa are common too," Ezra retorted back.
"But sex?" I said. "Relatively speaking, the percentage of men who are good at sex is much higher than that of attractive women."
"On the contrary, not many men are good at sex. You're a small minority."
"Really? I thought being good at sex was all about practice. Practice makes perfect. More practice makes it more perfect. Up until recently, I haven't been having any sex."
"Not if they are practicing the wrong things," Ezra replied. "I have had sex with many men. So believe me when I tell you, you're in the top ranks."
"Uh, okay. But I don't want to be known for being good at sex."
She smiled again. "That modesty makes you even more of an exotic bird in the woods."
"Meaning?" I asked in confusion.
"You're a very nice person who's great at sex and refuses to brag about it. That's very rare. Girls like that."
"I appreciate you saying so, but how does this help me?"
"Your desire to be normal has to do with your wanting others to accept, respect, and love you. You want to fit in. Maybe you even want to be popular with people. Elsa does that with her butt. You can do that with your sexual ability."
"I don't see how I can be popular with my, uh, sexual ability."
"Why do you think Elsa is so popular?" Ezra asked.
"Because she's hot?"
"Women want to be like her. Men want to be with her. They fantasize about her body."
I started to fantasize about Elsa's body with dirty thoughts. Especially her butt. I wondered what it would be like to have sex with her, fucking her from behind and feeling my thighs smacking against her delicious butt.
Then I stopped myself. It was ridiculous to think I could have sex with all three Kelton sisters. And it's more ridiculous to fantasize about Ezra's sister when Ezra was naked beside me.
"I don't understand your point," I said.
"My point is Elsa used to be unpopular like you. But she has found a way to make herself more attractive and popular with her strength. That helps her to build her self-confidence as well."
"Uh, right. How is Elsa doing, by the way?" I asked, changing the topic to stop myself from thinking about Elsa's butt.
"Having the time of her life," Ezra said. "She got early acceptance to college here, so she doesn't need to attend high school anymore. She just needed to return to school to pass her finals, which would be a breeze for her."
"Really? Then what is she going to do now?"
"She's just enjoying her high school life at the moment. But she's planning to come up here to experience college life."
"Even when she's technically still in high school?"
"Yeah, she has enough modeling money to pay rent," Ezra said. "You should meet up with her when she gets here. Last I checked, she's still single. You can scoop her up before she starts meeting college guys." Ezra smiled teasingly again.
"You really want me to be Elsa's boyfriend?"
"I think she'll be perfect for you. Assuming Lisa says yes."
"Why do I get the sense that you know Lisa will say no to Elsa being my girlfriend?"
"I think Lisa would say no. But I'm interested to see if it's true. And hear her reasoning as well."
"So this is just an experiment for you?"
"Humans are fascinating creatures. I'm not doing anything to hurt or harm anyone. Just observing how people react and understanding why."
She lost me again. I didn't want to continue the conversation about Elsa anymore, and I wasn't particularly interested to hear about what Lisa wanted at the moment.
I wanted Ezra.
So I kissed her and roamed my hands on her body again. She accepted my kiss and teased the bottom of my lips with her tongue. I cupped her breasts carelessly and enjoyed the lumps of flesh in my palms.
I slid my fingers down from her chest to her tummy and then between her legs. She opened her legs wider to give me access. Then, as I started stroking her pussy, she broke the kiss and looked at me.
"I want you again," I said.
"You can do me again later," Ezra said.
"I don't want to just 'do' you. I want to make love to you."
"To you, what's the difference?"
"It's... less about the sex, more about being intimate," I said.
"So it doesn't matter whether you come or not?" Ezra asked.
"I... I do want to come inside you."
"Why?"
"Because it's enjoyable?" I said.
"So it is about pleasure?"
"I... I can't tell whether you're teasing me or not."
"And is that a bad thing?" Ezra asked.
"Why are you doing this?"
"Doing what?"
"Driving me crazy."
She let out a laugh. "Seems like I'm failing as your therapist."
"Then be my girlfriend instead."
"Why do you want me as your girlfriend?" she asked.
"I... why do you keep on doing this?"
"Doing what?"
"This back-and-forth thing. It's like we keep going in circles," I said.
"What are you learning from all these questions?"
"Is this another object lesson?"
"It could be if you want it to be," she stated plainly.
"Is this your way of rejecting me? Or making me like you less?"
"If that's my intention, then is it working?"
"So that's your intention?" I asked.
"I didn't say that."
"Then what's your intention?"
"What I said from the beginning," she said. "To help you."
"So everything we've been doing and talking about is to help me?"
"I'd like to think so."
I wanted to both strangle her and make love to her. Maybe I should do both at the same time.
"Can we just talk plainly?" I asked.
"I thought you wanted to come inside me."
"We can do both."
She grinned. "We could, but is that what you want?"
"What... of course that's what I want! I've been saying that."
"You've been saying a lot of things."
"I..." I sighed. "Can you give me a hint on what you want me to do?"
"You can do anything you want."
"Really?"
"The question is what do you want, and how are you going to achieve what you want. As part of these two questions, you also need to consider what you're willing to sacrifice."
"Sacrifice? Sacrifice what?" I was confused again.
"Say you want to have a nice body like Tony. That involves dieting to lose body fat and exercising to build the right muscles. These are sacrifices you have to make."
"Okay, I understand your point. But what does that have to do with what we're doing now?"
"I want to help you get what you want," she said.
"So if I want you to be my girlfriend, you will help me with that?"
"If that's what you truly want. But is it?"
"It is," I said without thinking.
"Before today, all you ever wanted was to be Lisa's boyfriend. Now you want me to be your girlfriend after we spend a lovely morning having sex. What if you have sex with another girl tomorrow? Will you change your mind then?"
"I don't think I will," I said, though I sounded doubtful.
"You can't predict the future. And you can't predict that you won't fall in love with the next girl you have sex with."
"If I can't predict the future, then what's the point of pursuing what I want?"
"Is that why you're always reluctant to pursue what you want?" she asked.
"I..." I paused as I felt the impact of Ezra's words. Always reluctant? Was this how I had always behaved? Reluctant?
Reluctant. The word shimmered in my mind and solidified the more I thought about it. I was brought up to not voice or pursue what I wanted. The one time I demanded what I wanted from my uncle, it had terrible consequences.
This realization weighed heavier and heavier in my mind. Like a stone plunging deeper and deeper into the sea until it disappears into the abyss.
I wondered if everything Ezra did was to bring me to this moment, to realize this truth about myself. I was reluctant to decide what I wanted. I was reluctant to admit what I wanted. And I was reluctant to pursue what I wanted.
The annoying thing about talking to therapists was they never give you a straight answer. Even if they had a diagnosis and the solution, they seldom inform you or tell you what to do in a straightforward manner.
For example, rather than telling you that you're delusional, they would keep probing deeper and asking more and more questions until you figure that out yourself. I always thought it was to stretch those sessions longer so they could earn more money.
But perhaps the real reason was coming to these realizations yourself was more impactful than spoon-feeding you the answers.
But whether or not this was Ezra's real intent; I wasn't interested to find out at the moment. At the moment, that realization, however accurate, was too heavy to bear. This was supposed to be a steamy hot sex session where I could be loving Ezra whileenjoying her sexy and warm body.
I decided to change the topic entirely. "Right now, all I want is to make love to you. Can you help me to achieve that?"
She chuckled, then finally acquiesced. "Do you want to fuck me the way I want you to fuck me, or do you want to fuck me the way you want to fuck me?"
Huh. Another weird question. "Is there an option that satisfies both?"
"Maybe there is, but that's not the choice you're given right now."
"Then can we do both?" I asked.
"Right now, there's no time for both. Lisa and Denise are waiting for us."
"Then what about later?"
She let out a small smile. "Perhaps. But we can't predict the future, can we?"
Another infuriating question. "If we both want it, we can make it happen," I said.
"We certainly can."
"Uh, so can we do that?" I asked.
"For now, you have to choose between the two options."
"Uh, you can choose."
"I choose whatever you want to choose," she replied.
"Is this a test?"
"Sometimes in life, things may be a test. Sometimes it's not. Most of the time, we will never know."
I wondered if Ezra's girlfriend got as frustrated as I did while talking to her. "But you know," I challenged.
"Perhaps I do. But I want you to choose. Now."
"Uh, before I choose, can I ask for a request?"
"You may ask, but I may not grant it." She smiled.
"Can we, uh, stop this therapy thing? I've had enough of it for now."
Her smile turned into a grin. "That's all the time we have for therapy now anyway. But you will miss your opportunity to fuck me now if you don't choose soon."
"Um... then I choose the first option."
"To fuck me the way I want you to fuck me?"
"Yes."
Ezra rotated her body away from me until she was leaning on her right side but still facing me. She lifted her left leg, held my hip, and guided me closer. Then she moved her left leg over my hip and hooked my butt with her calf. I got the hint and moved my lower body until my cock was between her legs. With her other hand, she held my neck and pulled me in until her breasts pressed against my chest.
With my nose inches away from hers, I looked down at our tangled bodies. My cock hardened more, and gave an involuntary flex in anticipation.
Ezra reached down between our legs with her left hand, positioned my cock at her entrance, then pulled my butt with her left leg as I entered her again.
"Fuck me like this," she said.
I pushed my hips forward and gave a tentative thrust. Ezra matched my rhythm and thrust her hip forward at the same time.
The position was awkward. We had to reposition ourselves a couple of times, trying to get the height and angle right.
Of all the sex positions Ezra could have chosen, I'd never imagine she would choose side-by-side fucking while facing each other like this. I had never tried fucking in this position before. And now I understood why. I couldn't easily control my speed, angle, and force of my thrust. For us to fuck properly, both parties had to cooperate, thrusting forward at the same time.
It took a couple more adjustments to perfect things. Then she gasped as I found the right angle for me to plunge deep inside. I felt Ezra's hot exhalations each time I bottomed out.
"Breathe with me," Ezra said. I matched her breathing as we coordinated our thrusts. It was slow fucking, though much more intimate. In fact, it probably was the most intimate sex I ever had. The closeness of our bodies, the eye contact, the matched breathing... it's as though we were one.
Oddly enough, I was also very comfortable with it. If fucking cooperatively in this position was the test for my fear of intimacy, I was acing it.
I didn't know how long we were fucking like this. Having sex like this didn't do so much for me in terms of direct stimulation on my cock.
But I wasn't in a rush to come, because I was experiencing a different kind of pleasure. It was... more emotional pleasure than physical, like the feeling of falling in love. Like the first time I kissed Lisa, the first time we came together, and that first time I held her hand in public.
I was making love to Ezra.
Ezra seemed to be getting a lot out of having sex in this position. She was gasping in pleasure each time we thrust. I felt her tummy quiver. She seemed to be getting close.
"Come with me," Ezra whispered.
I didn't know if I could come like this. "Um, I..."
Ezra pulled my neck closer and kissed me before I could complete my sentence. The moment I opened my mouth and our tongues connected, I felt a thrill of pleasure. Physical pleasure now. My desire to orgasm was building fast.
I pumped frantically in and out, not caring about my breath or the position anymore. I just wanted to come.
"Come with me," Ezra whispered again.
I felt her hips jerk against mine. Finally, after four more hard strokes, we exploded together.
Like having a happy ending after an erotic massage, I felt all my tension, excitement, and anticipation releasing as I came inside Ezra for the third time. As my cock throbbed while I squirted a little more semen inside, I felt one with her. The barriers between us vanished, and I felt as close to her as I ever did with anyone else. It wasn't just about love or desires anymore. It felt... transcendent.
Eventually my cock fully deflated, for the first time since I watched Ezra take off her red panties in the living room. We returned to gazing into each other's eyes with synchronized breathing.
My body, mind, and heart were satisfied.
----
Eventually, Ezra was the first to break the silence. "Did you like what we just did?" she asked.
"It was... intense in a different sort of way," I replied.
"It was. Much more emotionally intimate than physically pleasurable, although it was still very satisfying nonetheless."
"Is that how you like to fuck?" I asked.
"I love tantric sex."
"Is that what we did?" I asked. "Tantric sex?"
"Did you enjoy it?" she asked again. It seemed like she wasn't satisfied with my earlier answer. So I tried to convey how much I enjoyed it, in hopes we could do it again. "I loved it. I, uh, never thought I would be able to come in that position."
She smiled. "There's a lot more to sex than just having an orgasm. In tantric sex, the orgasm is not the goal. Climaxing at the end is just a bonus."
"Then what's the goal?"
"It's about enjoying the sexual experience and sensations of the body," she explained. "Being mindful and present in each moment. To enjoy the pleasure while not being lost in it."
That felt like another object lesson from Ezra. Something about enjoying the journey of life. even if the end outcome was not what we were looking for. The positive results, like having an orgasm, were just a bonus. "That's... deep," I simply replied.
She beamed. "And very satisfying, if you allow it to be."
"Do we have time for one more?" I asked. I could never get enough of Ezra.
She grinned. "Lisa is going to get mad if you have come so many times that you can't get hard enough to fuck her ass."
"Getting hard has never been a problem for me," I answered truthfully without trying to sound like a braggart.
"I would think not," she said with a chuckle. "But two other girls are waiting for their turn."
"I only want you right now," I said.
"Your desire for me is flattering and arousing to me, Ken. But how about we get Lisa and Denise to join us first? I had initially wanted to have sex with you so that you would be comfortable with my presence in bed when you help Lisa with anal."
"You're giving me conflicting messages."
"We can get the foursome started, and you can fuck me again."
I was now realizing that Ezra's demeanor had changed after our last coupling. She was no longer talking to me as a therapist. We were intimate friends talking after a long session of fucking each other. She had accepted my request without telling me. Yet her sudden shift was apparent enough for me to notice.
"I'd rather just be with you like this for now."
"If you're a good boy, we can do this again."
"Yes, Mistress," I replied with mock meekness.
She chuckled again. "Technically, you were the one dominating me the whole time. You were my Master."
I liked the sound of being Ezra's master. "Really? I thought you were the one in control."
"In BDSM, the dominant can only do things to the submissive as much as the submissive allows it. I was setting the boundary, but you were in control of my body. The entire time, I was at your mercy."
To me, it hadn't felt that way. "So what we did was BDSM?" I asked.
"It can be considered as such," she replied. "Though kink play would be more accurate. Blindfolding, submission, dominance, and mirror play are various forms of kink play. But it wasn't my intention with you to do kink play or BDSM today."
"Very interesting," I said when I didn't know how else to respond to that.
"We can explore more of that in the future."
"Is that a promise?" I asked hopefully.
She smiled but didn't answer my question. "Speaking of kink, how do you feel about seeing me having sex with Lisa?"
My cock came back to life again at the thought of seeing Ezra and Lisa naked together. "Very hot."
She grinned. One thing I had always liked about Ezra was she never smirked at me. "You're comfortable with incest?" she asked.
"Um..." I hadn't thought about that. "I'm not sure how I feel about incest in general. But I would enjoy seeing you together with Lisa."
"So, are you ready for your foursome with three girls?"
I thought of having three girls in bed. I wasn't sure how I was going to pull that off. Being with Ezra taught me that I still had much to learn about sex.
But my mind didn't dislike the idea of a foursome at the moment.
"I'm ready for my foursome."
---
END NOTE: Special thanks to beta-readers and editors who had helped with editing, proofreading, and giving me suggestions on making this story better than I ever could. Any remaining mistakes were solely mine.
Let me know if you're still enjoying RSI and want me to continue writing!