Russ and Tina met after midnight when they were both outside in their neighborhood naked. They watched each other masturbate. The evening ended with an invitation to dinner. This is a continuation of "Walking After Midnight." You may wish to read it before proceeding. All characters are written to be over the age of eighteen years. Thanks to my Editor ShadySweet for helping out.
...
It took a couple of weeks before their schedules matched up, but dinner was arranged. Russ made reservations at an Italian Restaurant he liked. After being shown to their table, they both ordered wine.
"What's good?" Tina asked.
"Everything I've ever had here has been good," Russ replied. "They cook the risotto differently every week. The gnocchi and lasagna are spectacular."
"Gnocchi?" she asked.
"Gnocchi are small rounds of potato dough. The ingredients are cheese, spinach, eggs, and a variety of sauces. It's wonderful," he replied.
The waiter returned with their wine.
"How's the risotto being prepared this week, Antonio?" Russ asked.
"This week we're serving Saffron Risotto with Prawns & Sea Urchin Fritters," he replied.
"Sounds delicious. That's what I want," Tina said.
"Make that for two. And what kind of gelato do you have tonight?" Russ asked.
Antonia answered, "Vanilla and chocolate, of course, along with caramel and peppermint."
"Thanks, please include a bottle of the house white wine with dinner. We'll pick the desert later." Russ replied.
"Of course, Sir." Antonio bowed and left them alone.
"I want to thank you again for helping me with my exhibitionist fantasy. Your acceptance of my twisted thoughts helped me live them out," Tina said. "I still wonder how I got the courage to do what I did."
"Are you kidding me? I'm the one with the 'getting caught' dream. Honestly, I still don't know how I was able to ask... and you just went with it. I'm the one who should be thanking you." Russ countered.
"Seems like we were lucky to stumble into each other outside in the middle of the night." She offered.
"I've thought about that. If I had gone out five minutes earlier or later, we would have passed by each other in the dark," he surmised.
"I'm glad we didn't," she smiled.
"Me too, absolutely!" He agreed.
"Your offer of an 'au naturel' walk in the woods sounds delightful. But we'll have to wait a couple of months until the weather warms," she said.
"I've thought about that too. What if we could do it inside with a good chance of being seen, but no risk?" He asked.
"I'm intrigued but I couldn't possibility break the law. I would lose my job at the hospital immediately."
"OK, hear me out. A fellow firefighter heads security at the Oaks Mall out in Longwood. If you are interested, we could go in after hours. He would arrange for the two night watchpersons to look but not act. The stores would be dark, but the mall interior lights would be partially on. There's a small built-in stage in the food court if you wanted to 'perform.' For total disclosure, I should mention a cleaning crew may be working. Anyone seeing us, would call security... not the police. It's just an idea. I made no arrangements. Just was looking to see if there was an alternative to freezing our tooshies off outside, only if you were interested," he explained.
She smiled at him for almost a minute. He began to think he'd gone too far. Maybe it was a one-off thing for her. 'I have just blown the possibility of an ongoing relationship,' he thought dejectedly.
"I. Love. It!" She laughed. "Let's do it!"
Russ let out a breath of relief. "Great! What days are you working next week?"
They had a lovely dinner. The risotto was spectacular, and the 'home-made' peppermint gelato was perfect. They talked about things people talk about on first dates. Learning each other's backstory, was enjoyable. They talked easily with no tension or game-playing. After what happened the first time they were together, it may seem strange, their goodnight kiss was simple and restrained.
Four days later Russ picked her up at 10:00PM. They drove to a mall employee entrance and met Russ's buddy, Keith. He let them in and handed a key to Russ.
"I'm going to do a quick walk through and double check with the guards. Then I'm heading home. Make sure and lock up before you leave or put the key on my desk if you leave before security does. I'm really putting my ass on the line here, so don't do anything to mess me up." Keith said.
"Thanks pal. We'll keep the key and my cell phone with us in case you need to call me. We're only going to be naughty, not felonious." Russ assured him.
"There's a spot over to the left there where you can leave your stuff. Have fun." Keith walked away.
While they were undressing, Tina asked, "Why is he letting us do this?"
"He thinks he owes me because I saved his life." Russ responded.
"You did?"
"Well, yes I did. But I was just doing my job. He would have done the same for me." Russ said.
"I get it. His cooperation makes more sense now," she replied.
They finished undressing and left their clothes folded into a heap behind a large, potted palm. Holding hands, they walked away on their adventure. When they cleared the alcove where they started, they were in a massive concourse lined with small stores. They walked towards the closed entrance to Macy's, one of the anchor tenants. It was at least two football fields away and they were completely exposed to anyone else who happened to be around.
"My God, this is exciting!" Tina whispered. Even though she had spoken softly, her voice sounded louder in the vast quietness of the space.
"It is, isn't it?" He replied.
"I'm getting turned-on thinking about possibly being seen. It feels so sexy to be naked in a public place." She said in a normal conversational volume. Her voice carried even further.
"I get that. But what really gets my cock growing is hearing how 'turned-on' you are," he smiled.
She looked to see his cock was not flopping as freely as originally. It was starting to stiffen enough to rock instead of flop. "And seeing how turned-on you're getting just feeds my fantasy more," she said sotto voce.
"We're just going to feed off of each other until we pop," he chuckled.
Tina squeezed his hand. When he looked at her, she nodded ahead. Russ turned to see a uniformed security guard walking in their direction about fifty yards away. She stopped, but he gently pulled her to keep walking.
"He's clearly seen us. There's no point in running. This should ramp up your fantasy." Russ said.
They kept walking, as did the guard. When he got within ten yards or so, they could see he was an older gentleman. He kept the same pace.
As he passed to their left, he smiled, "You young folks enjoy your walk tonight. Ya hear? Y'all need anything, ask for John."
"Yes sir, thank you, John." Russ said.
"My God, that sent a sexual buzz through me." Tina confessed. "Being casually observed, is a thrill! Are you doing Okay? Your erection seems to be flagging.
"
"I love how much it's exciting you, but the security guard kinda took the starch out of me," Russ replied.
They had reached Macy's. There were some benches and potted plants forming a soft-carpeted seating area back away from the closed entrance.
"Why don't you sit down and let me show my appreciation for arranging this step out of reality for me?"
Tina led him to a bench and gently pushed him to sit. She separated his legs and knelt between them. Taking his balls in one hand and semi-erect cock in the other, she fondled him.
"I'm not going to say 'no' to a BJ, but you don't have to pay me off. I did this for you with no expectations. I... oh my god that's... oh my god! What if the guard comes back?" He stammered.
"I hope he does. The way I feel right now, I might give him a blowjob too!" She said with a wicked smile on her face.
Having lifted her head to speak, her gaze now moved slowly back down his body. She really liked Russ's build... muscular but not bulky. He shaved his chest and underarms. His pubic hair was trimmed down to fuzz, giving it a 'five o'clock shadow' look. His balls were hairless and soft. She returned her lips to the cockhead, which had produced the 'oh my god' feeling for Russ a moment ago. As when they first met the first time, he was producing copious amounts of pre-cum. It was almost tasteless but had a sexy consistency. She was moving it from his cockhead to the lovely, veined pole below. Quickly he was slick all the way down.
Remembering how he played with himself, when she was watching him masturbate, she kept one hand on his now slippery, exquisite balls. As she gathered more pre-cum, she eased a slippery finger behind his sack and began toying around the perineum. Russ moved his legs further apart. When she had spread his own lubrication from cockhead to ass button, she began taking increased inches of man meat down her throat.
Suddenly, she changed her approach. "Move down to the end of the bench and lay back."
He complied without a word.
"Put your ass on the end of it and spread your legs."
He immediately adjusted his position slightly. "Like this?"
"Yes, perfect." She replied as she knelt again on the soft carpet.
Moving up close to the edge, she pulled his cock back almost vertical and took it in her mouth. She slid her well lubricated right index finger below his balls, down the perineum, and onto his brown star. As she stroked his cock with her left hand, she began her oral descent down the shaft. The right finger pushed on his forbidden entrance. He groaned with pleasure, widened his legs, and allowed her entry. She pushed through with her palm up and began massaging his prostate with a 'come here' motion of her index finger.
Russ laid back on the bench and abandoned himself to desire and delight. He opened his legs even further and began rocking against her hand. It felt like his entire world revolved around her finger. He almost came when her lips rested on his fuzzy pubic hair -- his cock all the way down her throat.
Tina read how close he was and removed her mouth. She continued to hold his leaky cock upright but didn't stroke. It was oozing pre-cum in a continuous thread. Her right finger remained rubbing against his prostate. Since she was a nurse, she kept her fingernails closely trimmed. She was certainly making an impression, but not a scratch.
"I'm going to do something I've never done before..." she began.
"Tina, you can do anything you want," he said coarsely.
"I want to make love to you, but I don't want to do it right now. So, I'm going to be a bit of a cock tease. I don't want you to cum... now. So, we can cum together later. Is that all right? She asked.
"If I promise not to cum, will you keep doing what you're doing for a few more minutes?"
"Honey, if I keep doing what I'm doing, you'll break that promise," she snickered.
"I can't get anything by you," he replied.
Tina moved her left hand to the base and squeezed her fist all the way up. Blobs of pre-cum fell on her fingers and wrist. She released the cock, allowing it to slap down against his stomach. While still rubbing his P-spot, she licked her left hand clean. Russ's cock jerked spasmodically. For a moment Tina thought she may have gone too far. But he didn't cum. She gently removed her right finger from its' hidey hole. Russ sat up on the bench and bent forward to kiss her. After a couple of minutes of passionate kissing, they left the area to find a place to wash up. There was a nearby women's restroom, which they both used.
When they came out, a younger security guard was leaning up against a kiosk.
"I saw what y'all was doing over there by Macy's," he drawled.
Tina stood up straight with her shoulders back and her hands by her side. "Did you enjoy it?" She asked, putting a restraining hand on Russ's forearm.
"Yes Ma'am. I did," he replied, as his eyes openly roamed over Tina's body.
"I'm really happy to hear that," Tina said. "I enjoy being watched."
"I wuz hopin' y'all would fuck. I woulda really enjoyed that!" He said with enthusiasm.
"And I would have appreciated you watching if we did. Look all you want. It pleases me for you to stare at me," she said defiantly.
"Well god-damned if that don't beat all," he muttered as he turned and walked away.
"You're a piece of work," Russ said. "He was hoping to embarrass you and you took him down. You refused to show him shame. That was HOT!"
Tina looked at him and smiled. "Holy shit! It was erotic as hell and made me feel powerful."
"I felt the power. Sexual energy was radiating off you like electricity. Had to stare at his rotten teeth to keep from getting an erection." Russ laughed.
"You should have let it happen. A hard cock might have sent him into shock!"
Laughing together they moved back down the concourse which had lead them to Macy's. They strolled towards the food court slowly, laughing, and talking, for about ten minutes. Russ's dick was as full as it could get without beginning a vertical climb. He found walking along side Tina kept him in a constant state of minor arousal. She truly did put off a sexual vibe.
As they approached an intersection, they began hearing several people talking in Spanish. A whirling hum suggested it might be a crew polishing the floor. Russ put a hand on Tina's arm, as he slowed down. She slipped her hand behind his arm and moved it around his, as though they were walking arm-in-arm. She continued at the same pace, which initially slightly jerked Russ along with her.
"In for a penny... in for a pound. I want to keep going." She insisted.
"OK," was his only response. But he did keep pace with her.
When they reached the intersection and turned towards the food court, it was necessary to walk out around a series of safety cones. They were completely out in the open. Unlike the subdued lighting in the Macy's Concourse, they walked into brilliant full lighting. Russ felt like a bug under a microscope. Tina walked with no attempt to hide or cover herself; her head held high. The cluster of four workers were startled. The two polishing machines fell quiet. Two of the workers just gawked. The other two spoke to each other.
"¡Está desnuda! (She is naked!)."
"¿Dónde? (Where?)."
"Ahí mismo estúpido (Right there stupid)," he said pointing.
"Oh Dios mío tienes razón (Oh my god, you're right)."
"¿Deberíamos llamar seguridad? (Should we call security?)"
"Cállate y disfruta de su desnudez (Shut up and enjoy her nakedness)"
"Ella es caliente y sexy (She is hot and sexy)"
Tina asked Russ, "Do you speak any Spanish?"
"Only a little. Basically, they recognize you are hot, naked, and sexy. At least one thinks it would be stupid to call security," he replied.
Tina laughed. "How are you doing?" She asked.
"It's actually pretty freaky. I'm getting more comfortable with the attention. Although I lost my erection in the flood lights. But you... you are muy caliente and shockingly sexy. I want you and if you asked me to have sex with a stadium full of people watching, I'm in... I'm your guy." Russ admitted.
Tina did feel like she was in 'heat.' The eyes following her were permeating her with lust. She had briefly contemplated fucking Russ right then, right there.
"Grrrrrrr," Tina mockingly growled. "I feel like I've got a fever and so turned on, I'm damp. We better keep walking, or we'll give these guys something really 'caliente' to watch."
Well after they had walked past, the buffers started running again. The workers were back to polishing. The food court was just up ahead. It was on the second floor, but overlooked the concourse they were in. They found the escalator, which was off and walked up. There were about ten franchised food outlets with booths closed up tight. They were in a semi-circle overlooking a wide area with tables and chairs. At the back of the area was a rising or small stage about three feet off the floor. They walked over there and sat on the edge.
"If I was here alone, walking around with a boner, anybody who saw me would call the police. If I had asked Keith to allow me to do this by myself, he would have shaken his head, 'no.' Why do you think that is?" Russ wondered out loud.
Tina answered immediately. "A man with an erection is more threatening. So, there's a difference between what society permits. But I think both genders are pretty exhibitionistic in their own ways. Society just gives women more of a free pass."
"Makes sense. I would have freaked if a naked man approached me in the middle of the night, even though I was naked myself. When I saw you, my reaction was, uh, much more positive," he said.
"Yeah, when I saw you, I was startled. I was curious and slightly concerned. I don't think 'fear' describes the way I felt. But had you had an erection, I might have turned around a walked quickly away. I wouldn't have spoken to you."
"My cock's not that big," he smiled.
"I don't think there's a right way for me to respond to that," she grinned back.
They chatted about things any couple who are interested in each other discuss.
Their nudity was forgotten. After around forty-five minutes, Russ turned the conversation back to exhibitionism.
"We have the stage. In your wildest fantasy, if you had an audience, what would you do?"
"Ah, that's easy. But first, I have to know, am I alone on the stage in this fantasy?"
"You could be alone if that works better in your imagination. Or I could be there. Whichever is easier to fantasize about," he replied.
"I know immediately what I'd do if I was alone. First, I imagine the audience is already seated. I walk on and just stand with my hands by my side and 'feel' their eyes. Maybe I hear a few talking about me. They might say I'm attractive or point out my weak points, but it doesn't matter. I'm not looking for approval. I just want them to stare at me. Talking about me reflects them paying attention. They aren't just casually looking and moving on. They are staring intensely." She said dreamily.
"That is so fucking hot," he responded.
Without acknowledging his comment, she continued, "I would want a chair. In my fantasy, I'm fearless. I sit in the chair and spread my legs. Every pair of eyes in the audience is focused on my twat. I use my fingers and spread it open. There's a buzz of conversation, gasps, disapproval, and encouragement... just a jumble of noise. Someone turns on a spotlight and centers the beam of light right between my legs. I start fingering myself and go faster and faster. I moan in pleasure and the crowd noise grows louder. I can't make out any specific thing being said. I hear the crowd buzz and the juicy noise my fingers make pumping in and out of my vagina. When I cum, I yell and ejaculate a squirt or two out on the people sitting in the first row."
"Jesus criminy, Tina, that's so fucking erotic. Look at me, I'm hard as granite. If I had my hand on my cock, I woulda cum before you did in the fantasy," he exclaimed. "If you want to act it out, I'll go sit in the front row and watch!"
Tina shook her head, 'no.' "You can help with the second scenario. The one where you are here with me."
"Sure, whatever you want. Tell me what to do," he quickly responded.
"Okay, come with me back here," she led him to the back of the stage. "Imagine all the chairs are facing the stage and filled with people."
"The house is packed with people, but no kids," he said.
"Right... they're anticipating the show. They're waiting for us. Let's go," she said, taking his hand.
They walked to the front of the stage and stood side by side. Russ looked over at Tina. She had her eyes closed, hearing the crowd in her imagination. Russ imagined what that might feel like. It was slightly frightening to imagine being alone. It worked much better in his mind thinking about Tina being there. The audience would be taken by this tall, fit woman with good looks. Her nudity revealing a strong and healthy body. His reverie was broken when Tina spoke.
"Stand behind me and fondle my breasts and cunt. Feel me all over."
He immediately complied. He settled his hard-on between her butt cheeks, when thrusting himself up against her back. He lifted a breast with each hand. They filled his hands without being pendulous. He used his index fingers to stimulate each nipple. Tina sighed in pleasure and leaned back against him. He kissed the back of her neck. Pre-cum slid down the front of his rod... he sighed as well.
Russ changed his grip, using index fingers and thumbs to pinch the erect nipples. The three remaining fingers on each hand supported a breast. Tina put her head back on Russ's shoulder. More pre-cum dribbled down between Tina's butt cheeks. She rocked back against him, and his cock slid deeper in the crevasse. She moved her hips forward and it sensuously glided up. Her arms were under his and she reached back and grabbed the outer edge of his ass. She pulled him to her. He bent his knees and began sliding his cock up and down between her cheeks.
A couple of minutes later, she urged, "Finger me! Tease my wet cunt!"
Russ slowly released the breasts and allowed his hands to gradually slide down to her mound. It was indeed wet -- very wet. He slipped one, then two fingers in. Tina made a forced moaning noise that sounded like sex. Then they were bathed in bright lights.
Russ was startled and withdrew his fingers.
"Don't stop!" Tina insisted. "For god's sake keep going!"
He put his fingers back in place and continued to thrust deeply. Tina responded by digging her fingernails into the small portion of his ass she clutched. Russ's vision adjusted to the bright stage lights, but he could no longer see beyond the stage. He had no idea who was out there or how many 'whos' there were. He decided to focus on the pleasure right in front of him and tamp down his worry.
'Well, I'll be god damned,' the younger guard thought. He had figured that the lights would run these two perverts off. Not that he minded looking at the woman. She was sexy as hell, even if she was a nutcase. He decided to up the ante and used his walkie-talkie to quietly call the three cleaning crews to the food court. He thought about calling John, the older guard, but decided not to. Ten minutes later there were thirteen men watching the 'sex show.'
Although they didn't know it, Russ and Tina took the next step shortly before the audience was fully assembled.
Tina urgently said, "I want you to fuck me from behind, doggie style."
"I will, but just want to double check that you know someone is watching," he cautioned.
"Probably more than one person is watching. I'm imagining all the chairs are filled. I want them all to watch."
"If it's OK with you, I'm gonna focus on the fucking between you and me. I plan to ignore the room full of people," he said.
"Whatever floats your boat. Just don't hold back," she asked.
"You will be my complete focus. I'm going to fuck your brains out," he promised.
Tina got down on all fours, facing her audience. She stared out and smiled. Russ got between her legs and lined up. He was slick and she was literally dripping. He grabbed her hips, slid in effortlessly, and began thrusting slowly. They maintained a gentle motion for maybe ten minutes... easy in, easy out. Gradually the pace increased. The arch made by her swinging breasts became more pronounced. Tina thought she heard Spanish being spoken. Russ knew he heard Spanish. Tina started moving in opposition to Russ and they banged back together. The wet slapping sound of thigh hitting ass increased in frequency as their urgency amplified.
The older security guard, John, eased unseen into the court. He leaned against the wall and watched with the others. The cleaning crews were talking excitedly, but everyone was staying back. They seemed content to observe without interfering. His primary concern when Keith told him about this was an overreaction from one of the night workers. He was pleased with how things were going.
While Russ couldn't see how many, there were clearly a dozen or more people talking. He kept his head down and allowed himself to be completely absorbed in Tina and the pleasure they were creating together.
Tina was also aware there were multiple people watching her. She. Loved. It! They could see her tits flying back and forth and the look of ecstasy on her face. Hear her butt slapping up against Russ's thighs and her moans and grunts. But they couldn't feel what she was feeling. She knew she would want to describe it to herself later, but for now she was living naked, alive, and exposed. She felt Russ grip her tighter and grind up against her. He groaned loudly as he released his hot sperm deep inside.
Russ knew he had beat her to the finish line. He finished his deposit and went back to work on getting her there.
"Come on baby! Cum for all the people watching you. They want to see you cum!" He urged.
"I want them to see me cum. Please get me a chair," she responded.
"Oh, like the fantasy. Sure thing!" He replied.
Russ pulled out with a pop! He jumped off the stage and retrieved a chair. His still-hard cock was waving around wildly with his movements. Drops of cum flew in different directions. He placed the chair in the center about two feet back from the edge. Tina immediately sat down and spread her legs.
"Show us your pussy!" The younger guard shouted.
Several of the cleaning staff yelled, "¡sí!"
Tina spread her legs further. The stage lights gleamed off her lubrication and Russ's semen, both of which were following the pull of gravity. She tugged her inner lips apart and contracted her pelvic floor muscles. This pushed more of her and Russ's juices out, which ran down between her legs. Light twinkled off the moisture, making it clearly visible to the audience. Russ knelt behind the chair and reached under her arm to fondle her breasts.
Most of the men were standing and several had moved closer to the stage. There was a lot of cheering and whistling. John pushed off the wall and walked forward alongside the group. He could now easily be seen by the audience, but not the two lovers on the stage. The younger guard recognizing any problems would be his fault, moved up the other side opposite John. The group got the message, and no one moved any closer to the stage.
Tina applied some of the goop in her lap to her clit and quickly brought herself back to the edge. A small part of her brain asked, 'Are you crazy?' But the little voice was drowned out by the intense thrill of being on display. Her body was being lusted after. She had them in her control. It was intoxicating. She tried to restrain herself and make it last. But the urge to finish was stronger. The fingers of her free hand slipped deep into her love canal.
The orgasm caught her off guard. She threw her head back and screamed, "Ooooh! Fuck! Oh! My! God!"
Her contractions propelled her ejaculate and Russ's cum past the edge of the stage. What was normally a 'squirt or two' of liquid became a gush of three, then four. Russ had been nibbling her ear and witnessed the climactic ending.
The crowd cheered. The younger guard muttered, 'I swear.' John clapped along with the rest.
"That was astonishing. Most erotic thing I've ever seen." Russ said softly in her ear.
"Do you want to stand and take a bow or run for the exit?"
Tina stood. The sex juice mixture ran down her legs. The crowd cheered louder. She did a silly curtsy and then just stood with her arms by her side. She did reach back and snagged one of Russ's hands, pulling him up beside her. They stood exposed to their audience for a couple of minutes. His erection waned and gravity emptied her vagina of both their fluids. The cheering died down and chairs scraped on the floor. The stage lights went out. In a few seconds they could both see the small crowd leaving the area. John was walking towards them.
The younger guard stayed at the rear of the room. He yelled to the departing crews, "Hey! You guys need to clean up the stage. Hey, I'm talkin' to you!"
The crews kept walking away. John turned to him and said, "Bubba, you are the person to clean up. Get a mop and bucket."
"I ain't..."
"Zip it kid! You turned this into an event so you're going to clean it up!"
"Yes sir," the younger guard replied.
"Y'all seem to have enjoyed the evening. Ya sure made a bunch of bored night workers happy. If you don't mind, I'll walk with you on the way out," John said.
Tina replied, "Thanks John. We'd appreciate your company."
Along the way, John told a story. "My wife and I... years ago, went to the Smoky Mountains National Park. We picnicked at The Chimneys, which has a river with huge boulders in it. After we ate, we walked along the river, headed up the mountain. Along the way we decided to rest a bit. We climbed out on a massive boulder in the river. The sun was shining down on it, so it was warm. Well, there wasn't anybody around and as young folks do, we decided to get frisky. We both stripped off our clothes and one thing led to another, and we engaged in 'la relations sexuelles' as the French say.
We're going at it, almost oblivious to the world, when we heard a loud crashing through the brush on the opposite side of the river. We were, uh, laying, parallel to the water flow. We both turned our heads towards the noise. It was a bear rambling along near the water's edge. We decided to stay still and quiet. But then we heard people talking on our side of the water. There were about fifteen adults who had been following the bear up the river. They saw us and were pointing and laughing. So, I start losing my, um, my erection. My wife turns my head to hers and kisses me passionately. Then she starts rocking her hips. Well, long story, short. We both climaxed with a bear and fifteen people watching. One of our favorite sex-capades ever."
"So, you kinda get me?" Tina asked.
"I've experienced the feeling of being watching. It's quite the aphrodisiac. Y'all certainly seemed to be enjoying it," he replied.
"We appreciate your help this evening," Russ said.
They arrived where they had entered. John bid them goodnight and went back to ensure the food court was straightened up. They dressed and slipped out. Russ put the key where Keith had asked.
"What a night!" Russ commented.
"It was spectacular. Why don't you take me back home and come in for a shower and some wine? We can plan our next caper." Tina said with a smile.
"Will you join me in the shower?" He asked.
"Of course. We have to conserve water," she smiled.
"I like the way you think," he replied.