"You still think you can handle more cock?" Steve said with a puzzled look on face "Haven't you had enough yet?"
I began to unzip my boots and smiled. The boots fell away from my thighs, as I kicked them off my feet. Unrolling the black hold up stockings, I bent over to remove them from my feet.
"I'm going to fuck the manager and get myself a room deal for when I want fucked in the future!" I smiled unhooking the black corset.
"I never knew you were this horny! In fact I wasn't convinced that you would actually go through with it!" Steve said his forehead frowning.
"Not only did I go through with it, but I fucking loved it!" I smiled "And it seems the more cock I get, the more cock I want!"
"I know! I have the photographs to prove it you dirty slut!" Steve laughed "So the manager is going to slip inside you next!"
"I'm going to fuck him so good! I'll swallow his cum, let him fuck my ass, take some photos on his phone, there is nothing I won't do for him! I want that room deal!" I smiled pulling the cash I'd just earned as a hooker from out of my bag.
"Hurry back this time as I want a piece of your ass also!" Steve smiled endearingly.
"You can have a little jerk to the photographs and imagine what the hotel manager is doing to me!" I said teasing Steve "Just think what depraved things I will be letting him do to me!"
"What is my little slut going to wear when the manager fucks her?" Steve enquired.
"I'm going to take a shower, so why don't you pick something slutty out for me!" I giggled "a first though I'm going to call the manager!"
I took his card from my bag and dialled his digits carefully. The phone was answered after three rings.
"Is that the manager as this is the slut from the elevator!" I purred hearing his breathing quicken.
"Yes, this is the manager!" He replied obviously scuttling to somewhere he could speak.
"Here's the deal. You want to fuck me and I want you to fuck me, I need an agreement about future rooms!" I said in a business like manner "Or you will not know how tight and wet my shaved pussy is or the pleasure of sliding your cock in my asshole!"
His breathing became rapid at that point as he said in a nervous tone.
"I'm sure we can come to some arrangement!" He spluttered excitedly.
"Tell me which room to go to in thirty minutes and you can do anything you want to me, if we have a deal that is!" I whispered seductively.
"We most definitely have a deal. I'll bring your executive members card guaranteeing you a room in future. Come to room101 and I'll be waiting!" He said.
"I'm not just wanting a room, I want it for free!" I stated "You'll get a regular fuck out of it, and believe me I am such a dirty slut, you'll want more! And don't forget you can fuck any hole you want!" I hung up, looking at Steve, shaking his head in disbelief.
I made my way into the shower, pleased with myself at how things were progressing.
Turning the shower on I stepped under the warm cascading water, watching small rivers running down my cleavage. I took the head of the shower, soaped up my pussy and asshole and rinsed the soap suds from my recently fucked holes. I washed my sexy curves thoroughly ready for my next stud to use. I turned off the shower, wrapped the large bath towel around myself and walked over to the bathroom mirror and began to apply my make up. I chose a smoky eyeshadow with black eyeliner in a cat like style. I rouged my cheeks and applied my crimson lipstick. I took out my clear lip gloss and applied a thick coating to my red lips, making the shiny wet look undoubtedly visible.
Happy with my slut make up, I went out into the bedroom to find Steve had laid out on the following.
A quarter cup PVC bra, a matching high waisted garter belt, black shiny seamed stockings, a very tight black mini dress, which was almost as short as my tight mini skirt and finished the whole ensemble with black strappy six inched heels.
"Good choice mister!" I smiled "Help me get into these!"
Steve opened the stockings and slipped my feet into the stockings, carefully rolling them up my legs. Next he fastened the garter belt around my waist, mesmerised at how it cinched my waist making my figure totally hourglass. He tatted the stockings to the garter straps, ensuring my seams were perfectly straight. He turned me around and place the cups of the bra underneath my huge breasts, fastening the PVC bra at the back and adjusting the straps to ensure my breasts were displayed as magnificent as was possible.
I was admiring my reflection in the bedroom mirrors, when he slipped the tiny tight stretchy mini dress over my head. Slipping my arms through the sleeves in to position, he smoothed the dress down as it clung to my body like a second skin. My quarter cup bra, garter belt and garter straps were clearly visible due to the tightness of the black mini dress. I smiled as I drank in my reflection, delighted at how much the outfit confirmed I was a slut and ready to be fucked. Steve knelt at my feet and slipped the high heeled shoes on to my feet, fastening the ankle straps and completing the look. Steve was sporting a massive erection, looking at his slut wife all prepared to leave the room and give every one of her holes to another man. He kissed my cheek and growled.
"Phwoar you look like the ultimate slut!"
"That's just the look I was aiming for!" I giggled.
"Don't be out too long!" Steve smiled "Perhaps you could give my cock a little suck before you head off!"
"That'll be perfect, going to get fucked with the taste of cock still on my lips!" I teased, grabbing the base of Steve's cock as I sat on the bed.
I twirled my tongue around his hard meaty length, hearing my husband moan at my oral skills. I stroked the length of his shaft a few times then deep throated him. Steve was groaning and moving his hips slowly, fucking my face. I removed his cock and gave the tip a few delicate kisses."\
"Make sure it's as hard as that when I get back!" I giggled "Shall I bring his come back in my pussy or ass?"
Steve laughed and said.
"Why not both?"
I scooped up my bag which now had a rather large life like cock with a suction pad tucked away inside. Winking at Steve I walked out of the door to partake in my next sexual adventure.
I got the elevator down to the first floor. The door opened and I was delighted to find that room 101 was opposite the elevator. I gently tapped on the door to find it opened abruptly and my arm grabbed and pulled inside. The manager was flushed and excited, looking me up and down. Reaching into his jacket pocket he pulled out two card, one was gold and the other was black.
"The gold one guarantees you a room and the black one is an employee card, which gives you the room for free!" He smiled as my taloned fingers took the cards from him. Placing them into my bag, I pulled out the big plastic cock and licked it, looking him directly in the eye.
"Get stripped and then I can do this to your cock!" I smiled, smouldering and teasing him.
His suit, shirt, tie and underwear were gone in seconds, hanging on the hook on the back of the door. I was n't expecting what was poking out and pointing at me. His cock was a little thinner than my two earlier victims, but fucking hell it was at least ten inches long. I heard myself moan excitedly just looking at it. I placed my right hand on his shaft and began to stroke his incredible length slowly. He pawed at my dress and began to roll it up my body, revealing my slut underwear, eventually peeling the dress over my head and on the floor. His eyes widened at my huge firm tits and my smooth shaved pussy. I pulled him closer to me, to kiss his luscious lips. His huge cock was running along my shaved slit, throbbing and pulsing, exciting my hungry pussy. The length of his cock was mind boggling, raising my arousal level immediately. I know I love cock, but was I becoming a predictable big cock slut.
I knelt before him in my stockings, garters and quarter cup bra, holding the base of his shaft and began to run my wriggling tongue up and down of his huge length.
"You like this big cock don't you, you filthy slut?" The manager growled.
"Mmmmm!" Was all I could muster as my lips shrouded his blood engorged tip.
My tongue and lips were beginning to work their magic on his impressive cock, his moans becoming deeper and more vocal.
"Fuck! You suck my cock better than any whore!" He snarled as I continued to pleasure him.
My pussy was tingling in the anticipation of receiving this magnificent specimen inside me.
I was now slobbering on his cock, almost worshipping the magnificence of his length, feeling the hard veiny flesh slide in and out my mouth.
I removed his cock still holding the shaft, and brought the tip to my shaved pussy.
"Fuck me standing up!" I smiled, stroking his cock as it nudged past my pussylips.
The hotel manager was a true cocksman, moving his hips slowly, guiding his huge cock into my cheating cunt. I kissed him deeply as my pussy gratefully accepted the full length. The tip of his cock was banging at my cervix as his hairy balls were tickling the smooth flesh around my pussylips. I placed my arms around his neck and clung on tightly as I raised my feet off the ground, wrapping them tightly around his waist as he moved us over to the bed. Placing me gently on the bed, his cock still embedded in me, he began to thrust so slowly, letting me feel every vein and ridge on his massive cock. My breathing was a mixture of panting and sobbing as the greatest cock I'd ever experienced fucked me in a way that I knew I had to experience on a regular basis. This guy was absolutely magnificent in bed, his cock giving me pleasure I never thought possible whilst his lips and tongue excited and stimulated my lips, mouth and deliciously dirty mind.
My stockinged legs were wrapped around his thrusting hips as I broke our kiss, to allow my moans of passion to escape.
"Fuck me with your huge cock!" I panted "You're making me cum!"
He thrust hard and deep as my orgasm encapsulated my entire being. A relentless gush of female ejaculate, sprayed out of my orgasmic pussy. The thrusting and squelching were unbelievably erotic as I felt my orgasm was never going to end. The pleasure level was incredibly high as I almost fainted the onslaught of pleasure was so intense. The hotel manager smiled as he looked down at me, his smile quickly becoming a smirk at his sexual prowess.
"You're going to want this cock again aren't you?" He smiled confidently.
"Yes! Yes!" I panted.
"Well I have a deal for you. You'll get this cock again, but first you will have to be a hooker for some of my special clients. We'll split the money fifty fifty and I'll fuck you afterwards!" He grinned, thrusting his cock deep inside me, knowing I would agree to anything at that moment as long as his cock was fucking me.
"Yes!" I screamed "I'll be your whore!"
"That's what I hoped you'd say!" He smiled "Now turn over and we'll see how much of this cock I can fit in your ass!"
My eyes startled at his statement. Instead of fear at the thought of his huge cock impaling my ass, I was excitedly aroused, wanting to feel this snake slithering in my asshole.
He slid his magnificent length out of my pussy, the light bouncing of the shiny coating of sexual excitement on his shaft. I couldn't believe that my pussy had accommodated such a monster balls deep. I turned over, raising my ass in the air and arching my back. Spreading my knees apart, I placed my hands on my buttocks and spread my cheeks, revealing my puckered pink ring to the hotel manager. He slapped his huge cock on my asshole, the sound resonating around the room.
He slapped it once more then spat directly on my asshole, making me shudder. He worked his saliva into my asshole with his index finger then spat once more. He then spat into his hand and began to rub his palm over the head of his huge cock, lubricating the blood engorged head. I bit my lip nervously awaiting his cock entering my asshole. The tip of his cock pushed gently past my sphincter as it snapped tightly around his shaft. He began to slide his cock slowly inside my ass, stopping every few seconds to allow me to get used to the incredible length. I was moaning with ecstatic pleasure as his huge cock slid deeper inside my asshole.
"My clients are going to love having you as their whore!" He snarled and pushed the remaining length of his cock deep inside my ass. I'd now took this magnificent length in my pussy and my ass. He stopped moving, enjoying his cock embedded in my ass. The pain and searing heat were worth it, the pleasure was so remarkable.
"I'm going to enjoy being being your whore!" I panted as his hairy balls tickled the flesh of my shaved pussy, enhancing my pleasure even further.
"It bodes well that you're going to enjoy it as my first client arrives tomorrow!" He laughed "And you will be sucking his cock, and letting him fuck your ass and pussy. Wearing something leather as he does like his sluts wearing leather!" He snarled and began to fuck my ass, sending me over the edge with an anal orgasm.
I was panting deliriously, a slave to his enormous cock.
"He'll come on your face and you'll lick every drop off and swallow it!" he growled "Which is what you will do in a few seconds when I blast my load all over your pretty face!"
"Come on my face!" I panted "I'm your slut! Spunk on my face!"
He removed his cock from my ass, leaving me gaping in his absence, as he moved to the front of me. I turned my head toward his magnificent weapon as a huge spurt of thick creamy spunk splashed on my cheek. I opened my mouth and caught the next three strong spurts. His come was spilling out of my mouth and running down my chin as the last few spurts splashed on my cheeks. I looked at his throbbing cock and slid my mouth over the hypnotic flesh. Swirling my tongue around the dome of his cock, I licked every drop of spunk from his weapon. This was my first ass to mouth experience and I have to admit this was by far the most wonderful slut experience I could imagine.
I was licking his cock, moaning loudly with pleasure as he stroked my hair.
"I think our little business venture could prove to be very fruitful!" he smiled.
"I'll do whatever you want as long as you fuck me with your beautiful cock regularly!" I whispered.
"Oh you'll get it regularly, but so will some of my clients!" he grinned "How do you fancy being a stag party stripper slut next weekend. Five guys?"
"I'll get practising my stripper routine!" I smiled seductively giving his cock one last lick.
"I need to get back to work. You've got my card and I've got your cell phone." He smiled putting his business suit back on "Call me tomorrow about 1:00pm and I'll give you details and what room number for your night of whoring!"
He opened the door and blew me a kiss as he left the room.
I went to the bathroom and looked at my spunk drenched face in the mirror. I smiled at my slut reflection, placing the dress over my body and decided I would return to my husband still wearing the hotel managers orgasm on my face.
Closing the hotel room door I pressed the button for the elevator. The door opened and I had my head down just in case. Thankfully the car was empty as I rode the elevator to my floor.
Walking out of the elevator, I swayed sexily to our room, gently tapping on the door.
Steve opened the door naked, sporting a huge erection. I smiled as he looked at my spunk drenched face. I walked into the room and giggled.
"He re did my make-up!"
Steve looked at my demeanour and laughed out loud.
"I'm going to fuck you while you scrape that off your face and swallow it!" he snarled, pushing me on the bbed and easing my tight dress up my stockinged thighs. As the dress reached above my pussy, I opened my legs wide, holding my pussylips to show my pink hole, I smiled and said.
"Come on and fuck your cheating slut wife!"
Steve knelt between my opened legs and slid his lovely cock inside my wet tight pussy. I moved my hands over my cheeks, scraping up all of the spunk, placing my fingertips to my lips and letting the spunk run into my mouth. Steve kept ramming his cock deep inside my pussy as I continued to remove the spunk from my face until all was gone. Steve looked down at my spunk free face and spat on my face.
"Wipe that into your slut face!" he snarled.
His actions were a complete shock to me and brought on the most wonderful orgasm. I was loving the way my husband was treating me as I orgasmed and rubbed his saliva into my face. His face moved closer to mine, his warm breath flowing over my saliva coated skin.
"Would you like to kiss me and taste the cock I've been sucking?" I giggled.
Steve's lips locked on mine as our tongues entwined. His thrusting became more frantic as I felt the hot powerful squirt of his orgasm being to flood my cunt. In all of our years together, I've never known Steve to come so forcibly or energetically. I held him close as he completely emptied his entire load inside me. My stockinged legs were wrapped around his back as he moved his head down to kiss and suck my erect nipple. There was something maternal and foetal regarding our post orgasmic embrace, as Steve licked, sucked and chewed gently on my erect nipple.
His cock receded and slowly slid out of my cum drenched pussy. A rivulet of spunk poured out of my pussy as I lay back allowing the air of the room to cool my aroused pussy.
Steve looked up at me smiling, removing my nipple from his mouth.
"I think we're both enjoying the new slut you!"