You have the whole house to yourself for the evening for the first time in who knows how long. Your husband took the kids to the drive in to give you some time free of responsibility. Rather than taking it easy and binging Netflix, you think it's the perfect night to power wash the front of the house that you have been waiting for your husband to do for weeks. It came to you on a whim, so you aren't exactly dressed for the task at hand.
As the sun goes down and it starts to cool off and get dark, you know it's the perfect time to get started. Clothed in your green tshirt dress and birkenstocks, you drag the power washer and ladder to the front porch and figure that's the best place to start. "who's bright ide was it to the paint the house white?" you think to yourself.
After flicking the gas lanterns a few times to get them both to start, you turn on the rest of the porch lights illuminating your first area of attack. You put on your AirPods to listen to some music and hook up the power washer. Something about listening to Audible makes the work go so much faster. All the lights on the porch illuminate the house but make the street behind you pitch black.
Because of the darkness, you don't notice the neighborhood couple that are out for a run. if you saw them, you would recognize them from the gym where all of you pass by one another almost daily where you smile and nod, but have never talked. They wave, but you are completely unaware, focused on your task at hand. You start with the windows and glass door on the porch hoping they don't leak and let water in the house. After a few trips inside just to make sure, you feel safe continuing. This is going better, and faster, than expected. Between the spray of the water and the Audible distraction, you are completely oblivious to anything going on in the street behind you. The running couple has become separated and the husband finds himself in the street in front of the house, panting to catch his breath from the run.
You give the porch ceiling a go, but realize that the ladder is going to be needed. As you make your way up the ladder and stretch to shoot the water in the corners, you are unaware that the tshirt dress has lifted up exposing your barely thong covered ass to the man in the street. He is nervous that you might fall off the ladder, but seeing your round, perfect ass has already tented his shorts and he knows there is no way he can come up to you without it being incredibly obvious and awkward. He gazes around nervously to see if his wife is coming, not knowing what her reaction would be to him perving on the neighbor, even though she has commented to him many times about how hot you are. but he cant pull his stare away from you.
You continue to wash the ceiling but every time you stretch out to reach higher, more of your ass is exposed. The single string of your black thong disappears between your ass cheeks and the man's raging hardon gets larger and larger.
As you spray, you accidentally hit the wall at too close a range and the water ricochets back and covers you. "Fuck" you say out loud breaking the silence, even though you can't hear it. You climb off the ladder and start to walk into the house, removing your dress as you walk in, unaware of the attention you are receiving. Just as you walk in, the wife comes up on the husband.
"What do you think you are doing?"
"I was just waiting here for you. Didn't see you coming up because it's so dark".
"I don't really think you were looking for me. You seemed preoccupied with something else. Cheyenne perhaps?"
She gazes down at her husband's erection and slowly grazes it with her hand.
She whispers in his ear "it's okay babe. I've been watching you both for a bit and totally understand your...reaction. Perhaps you should do something about it".
Thinking they were about to head home, she stops him. "Seth, come with me" as she motions to the side of the house.
Clothed only in your thong and bra, you make your way back to the bathroom. Even though the water from the powerwasher was cold, it felt refreshing compared to the heat outside. Finally, you feel you can relax and take advantage of the solitude. You start a bath and lay a towel down on the bed to keep the comforter from getting wet. You lay on your side, checking your phone and scrolling aimlessly while the bath fills. The shades are open from earlier in the day, but because of the darkness outside, you hardly notice or care. Although the bedroom is blanketed by a wall of floor to ceiling windows, no one could see in unless they were literally in the backyard.
You had had close calls with pool boys and lawn workers catching a glimpse of you while changing before, but other than in your husband's fantasies, you had never before provided more than just a fleeting glance to onlookers.
The couple, emboldened by what they have seen already, quietly make their way into the backyard.
"Babe, are you sure?"
"Maybe you will luck out and you can see Cheyenne though an open window or something. Even if we don't, don't worry. I will relieve that situation you've got going on in your shorts. That can't be comfortable".
When they round the corner onto the back patio, he can't believe his luck. There you are lying on the bed in only your bra and panties with your ass in perfect position to be seen from outside through the wide open window wall.
Still feeling a bit awkward with his wife, she assures him that everything is okay and this is getting her worked up too.
With eyes fixed on your ass, the wife slowly slips down her husbands shorts releasing his full hard dick. She doesn't remember it ever being quite this big.
You get up to check on the bath water, and disappear into the bathrroom. They look at each other with disappointment thinking they missed their chance. Chance at what, they are unsure but seeing you in your bra and panties both left them longing for more visual stimulation.
Maybe it was what you were looking at on your phone, maybe it's because you have the house to yourself, or maybe you have a sixth sense or a fantasy that someone's watching but for some unknown reason you are massively turned on right now. The water is too hot in the bath so you decide to give it a few and let it cool. But as you pass the cabinet holding your toys, you stop.
"Maybe I need to take advantage of this time and relax a bit".
You check your phone just to confirm the husband and kids are still at the movies. Wouldn't want any surprise interruptions.
You look through the selection of toys that your husband had amassed for you trying to determine what will hit the spot. You laugh as you feel a bit like Goldilocks, this one is too small, this one is too big, this one is just right. Tonight you want to try the large 9" vibrating dildo, the one that can be a bit intimidating and is the most lifelike.
You named it Brandon McMammoth but hardly ever bring it out around the husband. While he is big enough to get the job done, you are heaitant to bring out Brandon for comparison. You also grab your favorite toy, a clit sucking vibe you've named Bubbles just in case you need some extra attention while you ride the dick to get the release you are hoping for.
The couple gasps as they see you walk back into the room clad in a short, black silk robe. Looking in the standing mirror next to the bed, you slowly undo the tie and let the robe drop to the floor leaving you naked except for your black thong.
Just five feet away through the glass, the couple marvels at every inch of your body. You caress your breasts slowly and tweak your nipples to heighten your arousal.
Ready, you decide to stick the dildo to the glass on the door. Because of McMammoth's size, you know you need to lube it up so it doesn't hurt going in. You spit on your hand and start to give the large cock a handjob. You close your eyes and envision a stranger coming to your room under the dark of night offering you carnal pleasure. You dont know if it's your fantasy or just what your husband has planted in your mind when he talks dirty to you. You fucking yourself in front of or being fucked by a stranger seems to be a recurring theme.
You can feel the wetness between your legs and think that's probably enough for the cock to meet little resistance as it penetrates. You quickly pull down your thong revealing your immaculately shaven pussy. You tuck your thong neatly under a pillow out of habit.
The couple revels in your perfect body. Although they have seen you in a sports bra and yoga pants multiple times at the gym, seeing you fully nude exceeds anything they imagined. You get down on all fours and start to move back toward the mounted cock. Hidden by the darkness outside, quickly they take a step forward so they will be able to see your perfect pussy take in the massive cock. You slowly ease onto the tip and they hear you audibly gasp. Seth's dick is so hard, he thinks he may have developed blue balls in a matter of ten minutes because he so wants to release to the thoughts of fucking you like he has done so many times before with his wife totally unaware. His wife gently caresses his balls and shaft. He turns to her as he knows the cum building up will quickly explode as he is overcome by the sight of your perfect MILF body as you ride the mounted cock. You have to take it slow because it is so big and fills you up. It hurts, but yet it feels incredible. As the head of the cock stretches your lips apart, you start to tremble. You slowly take in just the head and let it tease your pussy as you grow wetter and wetter.
Knowing he is close, he turns toward his wife and kisses her deeply. Not sure if his wife will feel betrayed by his cumming to thoughts of another woman, especially a neighbor they encounter daily, she places both hands on his face and forcibly turns his head back toward you.
"I know you want to watch her pussy while you cum. Watch that greedy little pussy take in all of that huge cock. Look how she whimpers as it's stretching her out. God, she is fucking beautiful. I know you you beat off in the bathroom thinking of her. It's totally okay baby. She is so fucking hot".
Because of the darkness and because of your position backing up to the door, you are still unaware that anyone is watching. She moves him forward where only the glass separates his dick from your sweet pussy. She stands behind him and strokes his dick in rhythm as you slide back and forth on the dildo. Each thrust goes deeper and deeper. He audibly gasps when he sees you have taken the whole thing in and your ass is pressed against the cold glass grinding on the cock.
The coolness of the glass adds a new sensation, but the one feeling you are focused on is the large dick that is wrecking your tight pussy. It feels beyond amazing. You turn the vibrations up on the dildo while it sits deep inside you and slowly tease your clit with the Bubbles.
Knowing her husband's normal vocal exuberance, she quickly removes her shirt, wads it up and sticks it in his mouth to muffle his sound. She pulls her sports bra down so she can press her breasts into her husbands back as she reaches around and pumps his cock.
As you ride the dick faster and deeper, your wetness becomes more and more visible. She can feel he is about to unload and grasps the base of his shaft.
"Not yet baby. Wait to cum with her. Look she's so close".
They can hear your moaning through the glass. She takes the head of his dick and rubs it against the cold glass. By the way your back is arched and your toes are curled, it's obvious you are about to explode. They can see your pussy gripping the cock tightly with each thrust. Just as you are about to cum, you increase the speed and depth of the cock's penetration until your whole body convulses in a wave of orgasms. He can hold out no longer and the stroking from his wife intensifies as he blows the biggest load she has ever seen, covering the glass windows.
"Good boy. You really like Cheyenne don't you. So do I."
She slowly rubs his dick against the cum he has left on the window.
You collect yourself and slowly slide off the dildo. Once you are off, you try to stand and are so wobbly you have to brace yourself against the bed. Your cum can be seen dripping out of your pussy down your leg.
"Mmm....I bet she tastes delicious. Seth, would you be shocked to know that i have got off to thoughts of her while i was showering at the gym?"
"Not in the slightest. Would you be shocked that I have done the same?"
You collect yourself eventually and go to check the temperature of the bath water. Perfect. You carefully lower yourself into the bath. Spent by your orgasm and knowing your pussy has been wrecked by Brandon, you start to wonder if your husband might notice when he gets home. And if he does, how much more will he be turned on knowing what you have been up to. He wont even want to hear about the power washing now.
Seth backs slowly into the shadows, absolutely spent, but not before wiping off all the cum he left on the glass with the shirt that muffled his scream when he came.
"I love my neighbors. Best neighborhood ever."
"Maybe we should go for a run again tomorrow night?"
"You've got some more pussy to tend to when we get home, but yes, another run tomorrow night sounds absolutely perfect."