"I have got no panties on, no bra on, I have a sex toy stuck up my fanny, there are forty thousand here most of them red blooded males and yes I do feel a little vulnerable."
"We both know how excited you get being stimulated in public. I am right behind you and I have the remote controller for the toy. What could possibly make you feel vulnerable?"
"There is public and public. A football match with sweaty men all round us is very public. I admit that the best ever orgasm you have given me was in the mall with a dozen men watching us not realizing I was cumming so hard I thought I had pissed my pants."
"I love it when you talk dirty to me. If that was good just imagine if there are thousands watching your next orgasm. You can't say I don't take you to exciting places. Besides you were already dripping by the time I put that toy inside you. Let's see how you react to ten minutes on a low level."
He moved behind her, pulled her back against him and in particular his hard cock, and turned the vibrator on low. She forgave him everything immediately as the low vibration soothed her aching, swollen wet pussy. It came as no surprise to her as she felt his hand slip between her thin skirt and her loose blouse. His hand moved up and cupped her left breast finding her hard nipple. Her nipples always became very excitable and she could enjoy them being played with for as long as anyone was happy to. This was no exception and she moaned loudly into his ear. No one would see what they were doing unless they turned away from the action on the pitch.
"If you want to watch the second half of this match you had better slow down. I do not want to watch much of this match with my cum dripping down my legs and legs shaking so much I need to be held up."
He was enjoying her nipple far to much to let go, so turned the vibrator off and used his other hand on her other nipple. She was blissfully unaware of the first goal (on the football pitch) but did enjoy pushing herself back so his prick was aligned with her nearly naked bottom. Much to her surprise he pushed her forward against the barrier. She quickly looked around, when he lifted her short skirt, to check whether they were being watched.
"Don't worry nobody is interested in your gorgeous body when they are watching their side playing this well."
With this he applied a large blob of lubricant to her bottom, spread it around the tight hole and then inserted his thumb deep into her.
"Just preparing you for the second half. Would you like me to get you a drink it is nearly half time I can beat the queue?"
"Yes please I'll have a half of lager and some nuts."
She was pleasantly surprised shortly afterwards when a plastic cup with lager was presented in front of her. No surprise as the back of her skirt was lifted again and a finger spread the moisture from her dripping pussy around and into her anus. She had always struggled becoming aroused by vanilla sex but did like the ways he found to get her motor running.
She liked his little surprises but was disappointed when the finger was removed. It was more a case of shock when the next thing that played with her bottom was his prick. She was pleased that there was sufficient lube to enable him to enter her significantly with no pain.
She pushed herself back to bury him as far as possible in one movement. They had enjoyed anal sex on a number of occasions but this was comfortable, exhibitionist and hugely arousing. This improved further as two hands found her helpless nipples shortly after.
"Oh please slow down it is beyond beautiful. Don't let me cum yet. I would love to last for ever but timing it with the final whistle would be some achievement."
It was then that the vibrator started its' assault on her clit and g spot.
"You bastard, could you not even let me have ten minutes of public bliss?"
With this she could not stop herself from pushing back onto his cock. When he was buried as deep as possible she tried to restrict her thrusting to a minimum. There was almost no movement required as her legs gave in as the convulsions left her incapable of supporting herself. As her orgasm threatened to fade she was gripped hard by the hips and fucked vigorously as the prick exploded deep inside her. The vibrator kept her orgasm pulsing through her long after the prick was removed. She found herself having to grab hold of the barrier to stop her from falling over.
'Sorry love they did not have any nuts. I got you some crisps instead. You are looking a little flushed are you alright?"
"Being fucked up the arse and having a two minute orgasm does tend to leave me a little flushed. That was fantastic, the best anal ever."
"What are you talking about? What was the old man talking to you about? He certainly didn't hang about when I came back."
"There was nobody here but you since you gave me my drink. .............Oh fuck no you did not give me the drink you still have it. I have just, I have just been, just been fucked by whoever it was you saw. Did you see him properly?"
"No he was just leaving as I got here. I thought he was just talking to you."
"Just a moment if you got here after he finished fucking me how did the vibrator start as soon as he entered me?"
"Well eh, I don't know I must have hit the on switch by mistake when queuing."
"You lying sod you knew what was going on and let me explode in orgasm all over a complete strangers cock that was up my bum. How could you, how do you feel now?'
"I feel as horny as hell. I have never seen you more excited. Can we go somewhere so that I can fuck your brains out?"
"I want to slap you, kick you and punch you in the nuts. I can wait to do all of those so let's find somewhere to fuck first."