Disclaimer:All characters in this story are at least 18 years of age.
---
My hands nearly covered the small, twin globes of her ass, as I drank in he sight of her pale naked body prone on the bed in front of me. I spread her cheeks apart, exposing her pink star and the darker lips that protruded from the gap between her thighs.
Petite, lithe, you could call her many things, but the truth was she felt tiny in my hands. It was like holding a porcelain dream, fragile, beautiful to the eyes, soft to the touch.
She moaned as I crouched down, knees on both sides of her legs, and touched the tip of my tongue to her pretty asshole. I felt her ring pucker to the touch at first but then relax under my loving licks. Spread wide, her ass opened up to my tongue as I pushed it inside her, a little at first, then further and wider, until I was tongue fucking her passionately.
The sounds she made as I rimmed her were exquisite, her moans rising and lowering in unison with my tongue, music to my ears, never stopping, hard staccato huffs when I plunged rigidly deep into her hole, soft languid mewling when I withdrew and flattened my tongue over and around her star.
My hand left her ass and travelled under her, finding her sex wet and hot with longing. Fingers slipped between her beautiful butterfly wings, into her wet center and then over her clit, nudging, teasing. Circling her hot spot, closer, closer, then finding it and massaging her clit, rubbing in concert with the tongue playing with her ass.
She became loud, writhing under my assault, trying to increase the pleasure, to bring the orgasm. She moaned my name, wanting more, wanting release. Begging for pleasure at my hands.
"Mr. Stanley. Please Mr. Stanley!"
Her pleading was like a powerful drug.
I doubled my efforts, felt her start to stiffen, start to hold her breath, coming close to the point of no return. Then I stopped.
Her breath exploded in frustration. Looking back at me, begging in her blue eyes.
"Please..."
Her eyes widening when she saw I was lubing my cock with her juices on my fingers, adding my own saliva, preparing to penetrate her.
She turned her head away as I again spread her petite ass and aimed my cock at her asshole. Touching the head lightly to her wet pink star, I watched as it slowly stretched open, feeling her ass swallowing my cock inch by inch.
A long low grunt was the only sound she made while I worked my way deep inside her. Then a hiss of breath as I withdrew and those low moans as I started to fuck her slowly.
"Yeees...yeeeeeeessssss...yyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssss..."
Looking down, the contrast between her small 4'10 body and my thick cock looked awesome. Watching her little ass stretch around it was incredible. Exciting.
I thrust into her balls deep, now going faster and harder as I got closer to orgasm. She was now lying flat on the bed, her hands under her body furiously working her clit, my much larger, heavier frame slamming her down into the mattress as I fucked her ass.
"Yee-heee-heeess-sss Mr. St-aahaa-nl-hey...! Ngghh! Ngghh! Ngghh!..."
Then her moans stopped. Her breath held. Her body rigid. I felt her muscles squeezing my cock start to pulsate with her orgasm as her scream filled my ears. I couldn't hold back any longer.
As her body finally went limp under me I came inside her, filling her ass with my cum.
Some time later we lay on the bed, her head on my chest, slender leg draped over my thigh, the evening sun shining golden through my bedroom window, playing in her yellow hair.
"Thank you Mr. Stanley" she whispered.
---
I always knew it was wrong. High school teachers aren't supposed to fuck their students. In my defense I never planned it and she was over 18 when it started. I know, shitty defense.
During the last two weeks I had run through all the excuses in the book. Finished all of those and made up enough new ones for another book. But there were no excuses. I was fucking my student and that was that.
Looking back, I guess she started flirting with me just a little bit right at the start of the year. Classic story, young new teacher in a new town, hot senior girl sitting at the front of class. You've read this story before, right? I tried my very best to be professional but in a sunny state there were just too many bare legs, arms, midriffs and plunging necklines for a 28 year old guy who had just moved from Canada to ignore those first weeks. Eyes strayed, lingered perhaps a fraction too long. Nothing really, but maybe she noticed.
And she was hot. Oh fuck she was hot. Seventeen at the beginning of her senior year, golden blonde hair and bright blue eyes, her smile bringing a cute dimple to life in her left cheek. Slender body, awesome legs and tiny compared to my 6'5 frame.
There had always been something about girls half my height that fascinated me. I can't really explain it, tiny girls just turn me on like nothing else. Being so tall myself, I guess it's the contrast, og perhaps some primal urge to protect a smaller woman, I don't know. There's probably a medical sounding fetish name for it somewhere.
Nicole's forehead just about reached my nipples when she stood. From the first time I saw her walk into my class in a short skirt and t-shirt, her bag slung easily over her shoulder, smiling and laughing with her friends I was hooked on her beauty.
So what happened? How did I go from just admiring from afar to regularly thrusting my cock into her hot pussy? There was no extra curricular training or personal tutoring or coming to my house involved. Nothing like that. She just threw out a line and I swallowed, hook, line, sinker.
She always sat in the front row, right in my line of sight. Fun personality, quick to a smile and a laugh, a joy to have in the classroom in every way. She was a good student and often asked for help when she was working on something. Somewhere along the way I started to suspect she sometimes did it just to bring me over to her desk, where I had a little too good a view down her shirt, standing to her side while she explained her problem.
Sometimes when the class was engrossed in work, heads down, she would slide a little further down her chair, her skirt riding a little too high on her thighs. Sitting right at the front, I don't think anyone really saw that except me. Her breasts were small, suiting her body well, and sometimes it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra, her puffy nipples outlined in her top, beaming at me during class like headlights.
Sometimes she would come to my desk at the end of class and ask a question, standing close to ask about something in her notes, letting me inhale the subtle scent of her hair and perfume.
Never anything untoward, no glimpses of nipple down her blouse or pussy up her skirt. Nothing like that. Just hints of treasures buried, presents unwrapped.
Sometimes I thought she was being a flirt on purpose, sometimes I thought it was just all in my dirty mind.
It was nothing out of the ordinary really, when working with a horde of hormonally charged, often scantily clad 18 year olds on a daily basis. But that was it really. I never in a million years intended it to be anything more.
And then one Sunday afternoon in the end of January, when I was grading some papers in my living room with a beer on the side, my phone chimed.
I didn't look at first, expecting it to be my mom, or my brother with something mundane.
I finished reading the paper I was working on. Got up to get another beer.
Then it chimed again.
I picked it up and checked. No messages in the usual family chats. No new text messages. But the notifications said I had two new messages on Snapchat from someone called "throwaway6969".
I don't really use Snapchat for anything other than keeping up with a few friends from college. Curious now, I checked.
I tapped on the message and my eyes shot open.
It was a picture of a bare midriff and navel, with the words "Hi Mr. Stanley" written a little clumsily in red lipstick on the body.
Then the picture suddenly changed to another, this one of a naked leg with the words "I think you're hot" written in red letters from the ankle to the knee.
I blinked. The phone chimed. A chat from throwaway6969. I tapped it. An emoji blowing me a kiss.
I sat there stunned. This was obviously someone from school. Nobody else in my life called me Mr. Stanley. Well, the school principal and some of the older staff still did but that sure hadn't looked like principal Anderson's navel.
I didn't know what to do. Hesitantly I typed "Who is this?" and hit send. It was seen immediately. But the only answer was another kiss emoji.
And that was it. Nothing more. Just that naked skin and my name and the knowledge that one of the seniors thought I was hot enough to write it on their body. Shit.
I put the phone down. Noticed I was rock hard in my shorts. Fuck. I pulled my cock out. I jacked off to the image in my mind, my name written on someone's flat tummy, the audacity of sending me a picture of it. The crazy hotness of it all. I Imagined who it could be, mentally flipping through some of the girls in my classes. But it was impossible. Lewd images of some of the senior girls ran through my mind. Vanessa. Rachel. McKayla. Nicole. Samantha. Andrea.
I blew my load thinking about tall, voluptuous Samantha, my cock between her full lips, my cum covering her soft heavy breasts. Fuuuck!
I immediately felt ashamed afterwards. I cleaned myself up, finished my beer and got back to grading papers, throwaway6969 gnawing at the back of my mind.
I masturbated again in bed that night, this time blowing my load thinking of fucking cute, raven haired Vanessa in her cheerleader outfit. It's just fantasies David, I told myself. No harm done. Just fantasies.
Monday morning, I came face to face with both Samantha and Vanessa in the first two periods. I tried my best not to feel awkward or ashamed and nearly succeeded. The whole day I tried to work out who throwaway6969 could be. No luck. Nothing out of the ordinary. Just business as usual.
On my way home my phone chimed.
A picture of a naked shoulder and a bit of neck. Written over it: "You looked really hot today."
As soon as I got in the house I wrote back.
"Who is this? This is not appropriate."
I got a "Don't be an ass" on a close up of an ass in jeans.
Not Samantha then, I thought, not big enough.
Then: "I love looking at your hot ass when you are writing on the whiteboard" and a zoomed in picture of my ass. I barely had time to be shocked before she sent "Do you think mine is hot?" and that picture of her ass again, now openly in the chat window.
I stared at my phone.
A question mark appeared in the chat.
I didn't know what to do. This girl didn't seriously think I would answer that. The question mark screamed at me. I looked at the sexy ass. I wrote "Yes" and hit send.
FuckfuckfuckfuckwhydidIdothat!?
She had me now. Flirting with the students Mr. Stanley? You'll never teach again Mr. Stanley. Off to jail with you Mr. Stanley!
FUUUCK!
*Chime*
"Thank you" and two hearts. And then a picture of that hot ass with the jeans drawn down just enough to show a hint of the crack dividing her asscheeks: "Maybe I'll let you see it sometime."
Jesus.
Before I could think she sent a heart and a "See you tomorrow Mr. Stanley."
Fuck.
Who the fuck was she? And what the fuck was I doing? Fuck!
I did the only thing I could do. I jacked off until I exploded all over myself, then took a shower and did it again.
And that's how it went on for the next three days. This mystery girl kept on sending me pictures of her naked skin, legs, arms, thighs, shoulders, sometimes her jeans clad ass, but nothing R rated. She kept teasing me about how hot she thought I was, telling me how she watched me in class, how she liked looking at my ass and imagining what I looked like naked.
I sent very little back. A few one syllable words. Cursing my weakness of not just deleting this all and be done with it. But I fucking loved it. I was becoming obsessed. Every day I searched the classroom for signs of who she might be. I soon had it narrowed down to seven or eight girls in the senior class, but none of them behaved any differently. No signs of anything unusual.
Then on Friday afternoon there was nothing. And I hated it.
Around three on Saturday the now familiar chime startled me.
I opened the message. A black screen with a simple question written over it.
"Have you masturbated thinking of me?"
This was too far. I couldn't do this.
"You can't ask a teacher that" I wrote.
"Why?" she asked. "I have masturbated thinking of you."
My mind blew up.
A video message appeared. Naked legs on a bed, then thighs, then black panties. A hand sliding slowly over the panties and down between the legs. The caption read: "Thinking of you now."
I sat in my living room, my cock tenting my sweats, and the world seemed to stop. Because suddenly I knew.
Legs that didn't seem to reach very far down the bed. Unusually pale skin for a California girl. And those small hands with long nails. It was Nicole. Throwaway 6969 was Nicole!
My hands trembled as I wrote a message.
"That's hot."
Another video appeared, this time her unmistakable hand was already between her legs and rubbing, massaging.
"Do I make you hard?"
"Yes." This was spinning out of control now. But knowing that Nicole was now rubbing her clit thinking of me had completely robbed me of my senses.
"Show me?"
I didn't think. Didn't hesitate. Just aimed the picture at the tent in my sweatpants and hit send.
"That's so hot Mr. Stanley. Are you going to stroke it?"
I just stared at the phone.
"Yes." Send. And I drew my pants down, freeing my rock-hard cock.
Where the fuck was this going? I didn't know, I didn't care, I just knew I was all in for the ride.
"Show me?"
And then I just aimed the camera at my raging boner and recorded a short video of me stroking it, and sent it to my 18 year old student. Somewhere in the back of my mind I knew that was a very wrong thing to do. But that little voice was totally drowned out by the rest of me being a screaming horny bastard.
No reply for some time. I began to worry. Still stroking my cock though.
Then she just sent "Wow, that was good", and a picture of her hand down her panties.
Cum burst from my cock, all over my t-shirt, on the back of my phone, on my arm, my neck, everywhere. It was an orgasm for the history books.
"Thank you Mr. Stanley. I'll see you on Monday."
Shit. Monday. Shitshit.
I had just masturbated with Nicole. It looked like she had cum watching a vid of me stroking my cock.
Shitfuckshit!
It had been totally awesome. And I was totally fucked. Royally. Completely. Insanely. Fucked.
I was a mess all of Sunday. I thought about resigning. About calling Nicole to try to smooth this over. But what would I say? Sorry about being a pervert, could you perhaps just forget about it, see you at school?
I dragged myself to work on Monday morning, dreading facing Nicole in the first period. I sat at my desk when she came in, heading straight towards me. Shit.
And then she just sat in her usual place right in front of me and opened her books. No looks. No awkwardness. No accusations. I watched her more than usual out of the corner of my eye. But nothing seemed out of the ordinary with her.
When class was over I heard her say "Mr. Stanley? Can I ask you something?" I turned and saw her standing at my desk.
My mind raced. There were still other students in the classroom, packing their things. I had to...
"Can Vanessa and I please move our presentation to Thursday? Vanessa had training camp during the weekend, so we haven't been able to work on it."
I stared at her.
"Please Mr. Stanley?"
"Oh, sure, yeah, Thursday. No problem."
She beamed.
"Thank you Mr. Stanley!" And then she turned away and walked out of my classroom.
Either she was playing -- making it look like nothing had changed -- or she didn't realize that I had already figured out it was her. Perhaps she never intended for me to find out. But either way was fine for me. I finally relaxed. Understood. She wasn't going to rat me out, because she was enjoying this just like me. She was just horny.
And for the first time I thought about what it would be like to fuck her. Until the next class started filing into my room and I had to turn my chair under my desk until my erection died down.
For the rest of the week, I got nothing from throwaway6969. After realizing her game, I had decided to let Nicole instigate contact. I would not send her anything unless she began the conversation. Somehow that made it ok. How easily we rationalize things when we are horny.
Nicole and Vanessa's presentation went smoothly on Thursday and I sat at the back, enjoying watching her standing at the front in her short skirt and white blouse, a whole head shorter than Vanessa but twice as hot. Of course, having seen her masturbating added truckloads to her hotness in my eyes.
Saturday came and still nothing. Until just before 11 pm.
*Chime*
"Are you there Mr. Stanley?"
I quickly answered yes. My cock stirred.
"What are you doing?"
I told her the truth. "In bed, reading."
"Do you sleep naked?"
"Yes." Then I added "do you?"
"No, t-shirt and panties." And a picture followed, there she was in her bed, the view down the length of her body from her chest, a white t-shirt with a band I didn't recognize upside down, a hint of red panties beneath it and her naked legs drawn up.
"Cute" I said.
Smiley face. "Thanks." And then "Were you hoping I was naked?"
"Of course."
"Would you masturbate looking at me If I was?" I figured this was a turn on for her.
"I already am" I sent.
Right away I got a "Show me?"
And I did. I pointed the camera at my body, my hard cock the center of attention, and recorded myself slowly stroking it, running my fingers up and down the shaft, teasing the purple head, stroking my balls, jerking off for her. And sent it.
"Fuck that is so hot" she said. And then a video appeared. Same angle as before, but this time the t-shirt was bunched up around her chest and the red panties were up around her knees, her hand working fast between her legs. And for the first time I could hear her soft moans of pleasure. It drove me insane with lust.
"You're so fucking sexy. You're driving me crazy" I wrote on the video I sent her jerking my cock fast.
And then she sent me her orgasm. Her legs splayed wide, panties still hanging on one knee, her abs contracting and relaxing as she drove herself to the edge, her hand rubbing furiously on her clit. Then suddenly it was like time stopped for her, her muscles tensed and then the release, her legs jerking up and thighs closing tight over her hand, her breath hissing in bursts. She fell to her side, the camera falling on the bed going black.
It was heaven to watch, to hear, to be a part of her pleasure. It brought me to the edge and I recorded as my orgasm flooded over me, my cum spraying over my body towards the camera. And then I sent it to her. "That was beautiful" I wrote, "thank you."
For a few minutes there was nothing. Then "I looove watching you cum. Need to sleep now. Thank you Mr. Stanley." And she was gone.
On Sunday, nothing. On Monday she was her usual happy self, no sign of anything out of the ordinary. I on the other hand was going nuts with lust seeing her in front of me. But I managed to keep it all on the inside. No unprofessional behavior from Mr. Stanley. That wouldn't do.
On Monday evening however she blew my mind.
I got a simple "I've been naughty girl, check your bag."
What the fuck now? I went and got my bag, opened it. What was I looking for? A note? And then I found it. Red. Her red panties. Obviously worn. I stared at them in my hands. Without thinking I brought them to my nose and inhaled her musky smell. Jesus. Fuck.
Then I had an Idea.
I took off my clothes and went to bed. I opened my phone and recorded while I wrapped Nicole's panties around my cock, jerking off with it, rubbing myself with them, building to an orgasm thinking about how I would love to sink my cock into her pussy and fuck her deeply, watching her spasms and listening to her moans as she came on my cock, shooting my hot cum deep inside her.
It didn't take long for me to orgasm, soaking her red panties with my cum.
I sent her all the videos I had saved so she would watch the whole thing. I didn't write anything with it. Last, I took a picture of her cum soaked panties laid out on my bed and sent it to her with "Thanks, and sweet dreams."
I got nothing back. I wondered if I had gone too far. But then again, this was only the first half of my plan.
Tuesday came, bright and beautiful. I was nervous. I was either going to push this game to a different level or ruin it.
Near the end of last period before lunch, everyone working hard on assignments I had set them to finish before they left, I nonchalantly said "Oh Nicole, Ms. Benson asked me to give this to you, you forgot it in her class earlier. Perhaps you should check if everything is there."
She looked up and wrinkled her brow when I set a small pen pouch on her desk. No one else took any notice.
"But Mr. Stanley, this isn't mine..." she started as she opened the pouch and drew a bit of red lace out. Just enough to realize what it was.
Her eyes shot open and she stared at me, a look of pure terror on her face.
"Are you sure" I said, "I can take it back to Ms. Benson...?"
"No! No, it's mine, I just didn't see it." Her face had gone crimson with embarrassment. She looked down at her table.
"You're sure it's yours Nicole?"
She was nearly shaking.
"Yes. It's mine Mr. Stanley."
"Ok then, mystery solved." I smiled at her.
She didn't see it. Her eyes were now burning holes in her table.
"Yes Mr. Stanley."
I was worried now. She had obviously thought her secret safe, not realizing that I had figured out who throwaway6969 was. Instead of playing her game I was being an ass, scaring her.
The bell went. She started gathering her stuff, closing the pen pouch and clutching it in her hand. Starting to stand up. I couldn't let her be afraid of me.
"Nicole could you stay a bit, I want to ask you something about your paper."
She sat back down slowly, not saying a word. Staring at her desk.
When everyone was gone I closed the door.
I drew my chair in front of her desk. Her fingers were fiddling with the pen pouch.
"Nicole, don't be scared" I said softly. "I'm not mad, I'm not going to tell anyone, I don't want to do anything to hurt you."
She looked up slowly, tears in her eyes.
"Really?"
"Of course really. Nicole I'm the one who will lose my job if anyone finds out." I said. Your secret is safe. It's ok. You hold all the cards here."
I could see her thinking. Wiping the tears away, straightening her back a little. Understanding what I was saying.
"So you're not mad?" Her eyes still pleading.
"Why would I be mad? It's not like I'm innocent here. And, you know," I hesitated, "it's nice to be wanted. It's...hot. You're hot. It's all...very hot." Shit, I was going nowhere fast.
She was still looking at me, but now I could see her dimple as a small smile appeared at the left corner of her mouth. I breathed a little easier.
"You won't tell anyone?"
"Of course not."
Her smile grew a little.
"You think I'm hot?"
This was it. No going back.
"Nicole, you are beautiful, and you are so hot it's driving me crazy."
She finally laughed with relief. Smiled.
"Thank you Mr. Stanley."
She drew her cum stained, dirty red panties out of the pouch.
"How did you know?" she asked as she looked at them in her hand.
"I recognized your hands the first time you..erm... masturbated."
"You've known nearly the whole time!?"
"Yes" I smirked.
"Oh my God. I thought I was being so careful." She looked at her panties again. "It was so hot watching you...you know..."
I said nothing. She stared at the panties in her hand.
"You didn't wash them." It was not a question. "That's your cum." Again, not a question.
I opened my mouth, perhaps to apologize, perhaps just to admit it. She was quicker.
"I want to taste it" she said, still staring at the panties.
I was completely shocked and instantly aroused at the same time.
"Erm..." I stood up, not knowing what to say to this.
Her hand closed around the panties. She looked up at me from her seat. First at my crotch. Then straight into my eyes. And then:
"Please Mr. Stanley?"
I stared at her. She had gone from scared girl to a horny woman bursting with lust in the space of ten minutes. She stood up, never breaking eye contact.
"Please Mr. Stanley?"
She moved closer, her blue eyes staring up at me, my back to the whiteboard. Our height difference never more obvious. My lust for her petite body flared up. Roared. Devoured any sense of decency and survival I might still have had.
Her hand suddenly on my belt. Pulling softly.
"Please Mr. Stanley? I want it. Please?"
Her eyes burning with obvious desire. My mind melting.
"Not here" I finally blurted. "Not here." Pushing her hand away, our skin touching for the first time.
Her fingers lingered in mine.
"When?" she whispered, urgency in her voice, sensing she had me against the ropes.
"After school. Come to my house. I'll send you the address.
She looked at me, eyes wide.
"Thank you Mr. Stanley." She suddenly moved back, grabbed her things, stuffed her panties in the pouch and walked quickly to the door. As she opened it she turned towards me, looked at me again and then disappeared into the hallway.
I fell down in my chair. What the fuck had I done?
I was a nervous wreck the rest of the day.
She knocked on my door at six o'clock.
I opened quickly, inviting her in, not wanting her to be seen standing at my door. This was such a bad idea. Such a bad bad idea. Such a wonderful bad idea.
I showed her into the living room and went to the kitchen. Returned with two cokes and glasses. Looked at her nervously. She was smiling. All the hesitation gone. Still wearing one of her usual short skirts, and a light jacket.
"Nice house Mr. Stanley."
"Thank you Nicole. You can call me David...you know...when we're alone."
She looked away. Bit her lip in the cutest way. She looked embarrassed.
"I like Mr. Stanley, is that ok?" It was nearly a whiper.
I stared. Things clicked into place in my mind. She had a thing for the teacher/student thing.
"Sure," I said, "Mr. Stanley is fine."
She smiled again. "Yes he is." A small giggle. I couldn't help but smile with her.
"So," she said.
"So?" I said.
She looked at me standing at the end of the sofa with the glasses still in my hand. She took off her shoulder bag and jacket and put them down on the sofa table. I could see she was just wearing a t-shirt. Very obviously nothing underneath. She moved closer, right up to me. Looking up. And then she dropped to her knees in front of me.
My breath hitched.
"Please Mr. Stanley?"
Her fingers ran up my legs to my belt. Her eyes never left mine. She opened my belt, unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down. The tent in my boxers was large and obvious. Her eyes widened. Her fingers came up again and grabbed my boxers, pulling them down slowly. My cock sprang up as she pulled them all the way down. Hard. Veins bulging. It seemed somehow larger than usual jutting out over her cute little face. Her eyes fixed on it, her mouth moving soundlessly in something resembling a wow.
Then her small warm fingers closed around it and started moving. I moaned, watching her stroke my cock slowly with one hand. Then two. And then her head came closer and her tongue touched my tip, running around the head, tickling the sensitive underside. Then I was suddenly all in her hot wet mouth, her tongue dancing around me while she sucked. Her hands let go of the shaft and grabbed my ass, pushing me towards her. She gagged as she tried to take me down her throat, my orgasm building, rising, growing as I watched and felt this tiny girl passionately suck my cock. When she came up for air she fixed her eyes on mine
"Please Mr. Stanley. Please?"
"Please let me taste it Mr. Stanley. I want it Mr. Stanley."
"I want your cum Mr. Stanley. Please?"
Her pleading was intoxicating. She wielded it like some raw, erotic weapon. I was high on it like a drug.
When her hand went back to stroking while she sucked me I knew I wouldn't last long. My moans became more urgent. Her stroking and sucking became even more furious and her eyes looked up into mine. The lust and wanting I saw there pushed me over the edge. She wanted my cum. I would give it to her.
I came in her mouth, sucking and milking me, then she pulled me out and the last spurts landed on her chin and lips. She rubbed my cock on her face, smearing cum all over herself, moaning. Then she sat down on her knees and looked up at me, her mouth open, my cum rolling around her tongue, smeared on her face, leaking down her chin. My cum all over my student's face. It was so wrong. It was so right. It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen.
She swallowed. Smiled.
"Thank you Mr. Stanley!"
And I knew I was lost.