I'd often wondered what it might be like to be a slut. My life was pretty mundane, and although my husband was a good provider for me and the kids, he was a dud in the sack. For years I had resigned myself to the fact I would never have mind-blowing, wild sex, and had collected quite a number of sex toys that usually came out the morning after my hubby had emptied a load into my pussy after a way too brief fuck.
Anyway, one day I decided to do something wild.
I kissed him goodbye, then dropped the kids at school.
I went back home and changed, putting on a tiny black mini skirt, red heels, a white lycra tank top and way too much makeup.
Then, with my nipples poking clearly through the tight material, I climbed into the car and drove the half hour to the next town, and pulled into the car park of the sex shop where I had bought some of my vibrators!
Climbing out of the car, I adjusted my skirt, then walked nervously inside.
The chubby guy with the glasses behind the counter did a double take as I entered. I guess he doesn't get too many customers like me. I'm 37, still in good shape, blonde, and have a lovely pair of fake boobs, thanks to my husband! I begged him for my 35th birthday and thankfully he said yes, turning my saggy, post breastfeeding 32B's into a pair of gorgeous, high and proud 36D's that I know men ogled whenever they could.
At the time I thought the new tits might have sparked hubby into some new bedroom efforts, but nothing eventuated, and so here I was, entering the sex shop looking for a wild time.
It was still mid morning, but there were three other customers in the shop when I walked through the curtain to the back area where the dvd's and movie booths were.
I walked up and down the aisles a few time, pretending to be looking at dvd's, but also checking out the men who were browsing.
One was wearing a suit, and seemed tidy and respectable. I wondered why his wife wasn't giving him enough sex that he had to visit a place like this.
The second was an older guy, also quite chubby, and he was wearing casual clothes and couldn't take his eyes off me.
The last guy was black, and he moved towards me the moment our eyes made contact. I chose him immediately as the one I wanted to help me have the wild sex I was looking for. You see, I was in a mood to be a slut, and the thought of letting this black guy fuck the shit out me right there in the shop was turning me on like nothing else.
I winked at him then headed towards the movie booths. I entered one, then closed the flimsy door and dropped a few coins into the slot. On the screen a woman was giving head. I cared less. My fingers pinched my nipples and I reached under my skirt and took off my knickers, dropping them on the door knob.
Suddenly, a knock. I opened the door and the black man was there, pushing me back against the wall and kissing me. It was urgent and it was rough, and it was also exactly what I wanted and needed. Without a word we kissed, our tongues tangling in our mouths as our hands explored each others' body.
Within seconds were both completely naked, and I dropped to take his amazing black cock in my mouth. I sucked and sucked, until he stopped me by grabbing my hair, and pulling me back to my feet. His fingers dropped to find my clit, and as he sucked my tits hard, making a loud popping noise, he pushed a finger into my wet cunt and started to poke it around, making me stretch and even wetter within minutes.
I was totally hot, and the slut inside me was dying to get out.
I spread my legs apart and reached down to find that amazing cock, even as we kissed and tongue pashed each other. I gasped the moment I felt the head of his hot, hard, black cock push into me, and I knew this was going to be a wild fuck. He lifted me off my feet, and as I leaned against his muscular chest and stomach, I felt every inch of his amazing cock feed into me stroke after stroke. His shaft filled my cunt every time he pushed into me and before long I was moaning and squealing like a bitch in heat -- which is exactly what I was at that time!
I jammed my body up and down to meet his thrusts, and as we continued to fuck, my boobs were bouncing against his chest, making my nipples burn with arousal as we screwed. He was very good, and I didn't want it to stop. The problem was, my hot, white, tight cunt was making my black lover overheat, and before long enough to satisfy my burning hunger to fuck, he was grunting like a pig and cumming deep inside me, filling my hot cunt with his cum, way too soon!
It was delightful to feel the spasming cock inside my pussy, but I was shattered that a lover so hot, so well endowed and so fucking sexy, was such a dud lay! You see, I was there for one reason, and one reason only. I needed to have my brains fucked out. I wanted to have to beg someone to stop fucking me because I had cum so many times.
Sadly, Mr Black was not it, and as his cock popped from my pussy he lowered me back to the floor and disappeared. I felt used, which was fine, because I was there to fuck, but I needed more!
Luckily the other two guys in the shop had heard our commotion and were watching outside, both with their cocks out wanking at the sound of me being fucked by the black dude.
I stepped out of the movie booth, still naked, cum oozing from my pussy, and dropped to my knees there and then. Both men looked at each other then smiled as I began to suck both their cocks at once. I managed to jam both penises in my hungry throat for a few minutes, before I needed to fuck some more. I turned around, bent over, and then asked, "Who's first?"
The chubby guy jumped at the chance and left Mr Respectable standing there with his suit pants round his ankles. Neither cock was overly large, but I didn't care at that point, so long as they could stay hard and fuck me.
I dropped my fingers to thrash my clit as this stranger fucked me in the sex shop, while the guy with the suit just wanked and watched as I fucked myself on the stranger's cock. I was humping him back and forth, with a nice rhythm, as his hands gripped my hips and he spanked my arse every few strokes. My fingers were working their magic, and I felt a large surge begin deep in my cunt as an orgasm began. I groaned and moaned in ecstasy, but them, suddenly, the guy fucking me pulled out and jerked his spurting cock all over my thigh! "God dammit!" I said, as yet another cock proved incapable of meeting my need.
Moving in behind me, the guy in the suit had a nice cock, but he looked strange standing there with his nice suit pants round his ankles, as I stood before him, my sopping wet pussy and cum soaked thighs on show.
He positioned his cock and then pushed it home, needing only one movement before being fully embedded in my wet pussy. He then reached forward and held me by the shoulders as he began to fuck me. He was hard, I was wet, and we both wanted to fuck.
I was desperate to cum by this time and one more my fingers dropped to play with my clit in an attempt to bring on my orgasm as we fucked. I hadn't expected it, but this guy was good. I mean, REALLY good. He pumped and pumped me for ages, until my orgasm welled up inside me and exploded like a nuclear bomb all over my body. I shrieked, thrashed, spasmed and came like I hadn't in ages, the contractions of my body shaking my boobs, my butt cheeks and causing my pussy walls to jam down tight on the cock that was fucking me.
I expected Mr Suit to cum as I climaxed, but he did not. He just kept on fucking me, pumping my pussy with long, deep strokes through my orgasm and on towards a second one minutes later. Yes, he managed to keep pumping me and made me cum without even a finger touching my clit. I had felt nothing like it before, and all of a sudden I realised I had found what I was looking for. A man who could fuck me, and fuck me, and fuck me until I could no longer stand.
This guy dropped his hands from my shoulders as I recovered from the second cumming, and found my tits. He squeezed them quite hard, before speeding up his deep fucking motion. God he was good! I was into it by this time big time and I was screaming and begging him with filthy language to jam it in me, to fuck me, to push it through my throat.
Now I wanted him to cum, and I wanted to feel it.
I bounced my bum up and down on his cock in my pussy, and as I begged him to spear me in two with his cock, his hands were mauling my tits. I was in heaven, and then suddenly he stopped. Ever so slowly he pushed into me, his eyes closed in concentration, until the head of his cock struck my cervix and he could go no further. I jammed down again and that was when the earthquake hit me!
Bang.
The first spurt of cum from his completely buried but stationary cock hit me like a thunderbolt and I felt the next three jets of cum blast my cunt until I thought I would collapse from the force! It was incredible, and when he had finished, there was cum dripping down both my thighs and onto my heels.
Just as I thought this dream fuck was over, Mr Suit dropped to his knees and forced his tongue deep inside my cunt, licking out his own cum and the cum that was there from the black guy. He slurped and slurped until he finished cleaning me with his tongue, then pulled up his trousers, tidied his hair and walked out.
Later that afternoon as I sat in the bath, I savoured the memory of the fuck that made me cum twice, and I knew I had unleashed a side of me that would never be hidden again...