You told me you wanted to watch. But not only did you want to watch me masturbate, you wanted to be in control. Okay by me. I love being your sub and you know it.
"You have to do everything, exactly as I say, okay?" you asked.
"Of course, master." I replied obediently.
"Undress completely" was your first command, to which I was happy to oblige. You watched as I slowly unbuttoned my blouse and slid it off my shoulders. A smile crossed your face. Your attention was focused on me as I pulled my pants down slowly. You continued to smile and began to bounce with excitement.
I reached my hands around to my back and unhooked my bra. You gasped as I pulled the silky material away from my large boobs. You couldn't help but reach out and give them a good squeeze once they'd been set free. And I couldn't help smiling feeling your hands on me, knowing your excitement was growing. I put my thumbs into the waistband of my panties and gracefully moved them down over my hips, past my thighs, down my legs to my ankles, and stepped out of them. I could see you start to drool.
"Okay, now lie down on the bed and spread your legs as far apart as you can," was your next command. I did exactly as I was told and could feel the moisture growing in my pussy. I was sure you could see the wetness glistening because you were staring at my crotch intently.
You wrapped my left ankle in a leather strap and cinched it tightly to the bed post, then followed with the right in the same fashion. Knowing I'd be tied up was making me so horny, the juices were really building. My hips moved around and my back arched, and you hadn't even really touched me yet.
"Squeeze your boobs together and pinch your nipples, roll them between your forefingers and thumbs." I quickly did as I was told, enjoying it immensely. "Harder," you barked as I pinched my nipples for you. "Pull at them, move your boobs all around by pulling your nips."
I played with my tits just the way you wanted and your cock continued to grow. I bounced them around, massaged, played, pinched, poked. I did everything you wanted with my tits and all the titillation was driving me wild. My pussy was dripping wet from just playing with my boobs. Well, that and the whole scenario. Knowing that I was turning you on so much, was definitely turning me on.
"Now I want to see you cum. Slide your middle finger of your right hand up and down between those sweet, wet, pussy lips." Your command was delivered through a big smile. Your cock was as hard as an iron rod. I moved my finger up and down gathering moisture with every pass. I could hear you groan with delight.
"Spread your lips just slightly and continue in that same motion." I let my thumb and forefinger of my left hand open up my lips just a bit, while my right hand continued its pleasuring strokes.
"Spread your lips a bit farther and circle your clit for me." I quickly complied and my moisture was getting a bit out of control. The juices started to ooze down my thigh, my hips began to move in accord with the circular motion I had begun around my clit. My own moans became louder than yours.
"Faster. Circle that clit faster," your words barely escaping your throat. "Mmmmmm, damn girl. You're killing me. This is so fucking incredibly hot!!" I continued to circle my clit and didn't really know how much longer I could hold out before cumming.
"Slide your first finger into your pussy. Deep....deeper. Yeah, that's it, now work it in and out." Your smile opened wider and your moans sung out from deep in your throat. I continued to fuck my pussy with my finger, while you took complete delight in the matter.
"Now go back to rubbing your clit for me. Rub it hard and fast and let me see. Spread those sweet lips wide and push back the hood and rub like you've never rubbed before. Up and down, round and round. Harder and harder." And so I did.
But only for about two minutes and then I began to moan and cry out, "I'm going to cum!"
"No. You have to wait, just another minute. Keep rubbing. Harder. Faster."
But that was it. I could only hold out for about 30 more seconds then that incredible feeling overcame me. It started right there where my fingers were rubbing and shot through my entire body so fast, it seemed like lightning. My toes curled in real tight, my back arched, my leg muscles stiffened. My head started to spin and my teeth felt numb. My pussy began to throb and my moans became louder as I came with the one of the greatest orgasms ever. You watched with pure enjoyment as I continued to pulse and throb and twitch with ecstasy.