Meet Anita Olsen. The most popular girl in high school, she ruled as president of The Hot Babes Club - and as a bully who tormented Freddie Simpson for being a nerd. Freddie grew up to be a tech billionaire who invented a system of mind control, and life got very different for The Hottest Babe. All characters are adults over the age of 18.
........................................
The next several weeks were exciting. Anita gradually became acclimated to life in northern California, which was even more fun than her former home in Miami. Freddie took her on shopping trips and out to the most elegant restaurants she'd ever seen. One day they drove into San Francisco, a city she'd never visited before. It was easy to understand why some people thought it was the nicest city on earth. Anita thought Paris deserved that distinction, but San Francisco had the advantage of being a short drive from Freddie's home in Palo Alto.
Freddie sat her down and altered her personality to make her especially enthusiastic about diet and exercise. She worked with Freddie's cook to design fabulous meals that conformed to the 1,000 calorie limit Freddie had ordered. Anita hadn't thought she needed to lose any weight, but she recognized that shedding a few pounds improved her figure. When she reached her ideal weight she increased her calories to 1,200 a day, and kept it there.
Her health was also improved by her daily workouts. Anita loved having a personal fitness trainer, who praised her enthusiasm. Anita couldn't tell the trainer that Freddie forced her to be enthusiastic. They agreed that the trainer would visit Anita five times a week to get her started, then taper down to three days a week for the long term. Anita was surprised by the amount of difference caused by weight lifting. Her posture improved immediately, as did her strength. She liked feeling strong. It was nice to pick up some heavy object and realize it didn't feel as heavy as before. She liked seeing improved muscular definition. Freddie told her he wanted her to look like a California girl, and the mirror confirmed it was happening.
Freddie began disappearing for several hours at a time. He usually went to his home office, which was outfitted with several enormous computer screens and a collection of printers, scanners, cameras, and all manner of fancy electronics. Sometimes Anita would hear him talking. At first, she thought he must be one of those people who talk to themselves, but then she realized Freddie was having online meetings with his employees and partners. He regularly drove to his company headquarters in Palo Alto, but he preferred working from home.
That was at least partly because he and Anita were having so much sex. They made love first thing in the morning, at least once during the day, and again in the early evening. Anita thought she was able to have so much sex because Freddie had artificially enhance her libido. But Freddie was insatiable, too. Anita was particularly glad that he seemed to be very fond of her. It seemed odd that a relationship that began with a kidnapping could be so erotic.
Freddie got an idea to give Anita a chance to put her exhibitionistic aptitude to good use.
"Darling, I want you to do something for me," he said. "I've got a business partner who is a good friend. I've known him for years, and he is a great guy. But he has an odd sense of humor, and he's been playing a trick on me that is getting kind of old.
"He has a nice yacht. We've gone out on it several times. He also has a very beautiful girlfriend. When we go out on his yacht, his girlfriend always takes off her bikini top as soon as we get to open water. She says it's so she can get some sun without tanlines, but I know it's because my friend wants her to make me feel jealous that he's got such a hot babe," Freddie said.
"That doesn't seem very friendly to me," Anita said.
"Well, it's not so bad, really. He knows that I don't have any trouble attracting desirable women, so it's not malicious. I thought it was kind of funny the first time it happened, but he's done this a half dozen times now, and the joke is getting old. It's time for me to get him back, and I want you to help me."
"I'll do whatever I can," Anita said.
A few days later Freddie invited his friend to come visit. They had a few items of business to discuss, and Freddie suggested that it would be nice to have a talk over cocktails beside the pool. He and Anita made arrangements, and put their plan into action as soon as the friend's car pulled into Freddie's driveway.
Anita walked out to the pool, removed her little silk robe, and laid out on a lounge chair in the sun. She was completely nude. To enhance the effect, she and Freddie spread tanning oil over every inch of her body. By the time they were finished, Anita's gleaming, oily flesh was shining in the bright sun by the side of the pool. Freddie's friend Josh had to walk right by Anita when Freddie led him to the patio table where they'd have their conversation.
"How have you been, Josh?" Freddie asked, sitting in a chair that put his back to Anita. The only other chair gave Josh a direct view of her nude, shining form. Anita acted as though she wasn't even aware of Freddie and Josh's presence, but she knew full well that Josh had to be gawking at her nakedness. That was the plan, anyway, and Anita enjoyed the role she played in it.
"Who's your new friend?" Josh asked.
"She's an old friend, actually," Freddie said. "That's Anita. We went to school together. We met back in ninth grade. I had a big crush on Anita, and I invited her to come visit so we could get reacquainted."
"She's beautiful," Josh said.
"She is," Freddie agreed. "I've been enjoying her company a great deal since she arrived. I hope she can stay for a while. I'm taking her on a little beach vacation in Mexico next week, so we're both trying to get some sun before we go. It's a nude beach, so we want some all-over tan before we go out in the Mexican sun and get burned."
"Where's she from?"
"Miami, but I'm hoping I can convince her to make this her new home," Freddie said.
They began talking business, and Freddie saw that Josh couldn't resist stealing glances at Anita. At one point, she rolled over so she could sun her back. When Josh saw her moving, the look on his face was so priceless that Freddie could barely keep himself from laughing.
That continued until the two men finished their business talk. "I'm ready for some cocktails," Freddie said. "How about martinis?"
"Sounds refreshing," Josh said.
"Ok, let's see if Anita wants to join us," Freddie said. "Anita, would you like to have some martinis?"
Anita rose up in the chair and looked toward the men. "I'd love to, Freddie," she said. "Would you like me to mix up a pitcher?"
"If you wouldn't mind."
"I'd be glad to," she said. Anita rose from the lounge chair, slipped her pretty feet into a pair of high-heeled slippers, then walked inside the house. A minute later she emerged with a pitcher and three martini glasses. Her robe remained draped over the lounge chair the whole time, leaving her completely naked.
"Have you boys settled all the problems of the world yet?" she asked as she settled into a chair. She was sweaty from the hot sun. Between the oil and the perspiration, she looked slick as a dolphin. Drips were hanging from her nipples.
"We've solved most of them," Freddie said. "That whole world peace thing has got us stumped, however," Freddie said. "Any ideas on how to make that happen?"
"A wise man once said, 'All you need is love,' darling," she said. "That's my recommendation."
"Anita, I'd like you to meet my friend Josh," Freddie said. "We're working on a couple of projects together."
"I'm pleased to meet you, Josh," Anita said, reaching to shake his hand. When she did, Anita gave Josh's hand a particularly vigorous shake, knowing the motion of her arm would make her boobs shake in a particularly appealing way. It worked. Josh's eyes almost popped out of his head.
"How's the suntan coming?" Freddie asked.
"Very well," Anita said. "I'm sure I'll have a decent tan before we leave for Mexico. I think I've had enough sun for today. I need to wash off this lotion and go inside. You'll find me in there when you want me," Anita said, emphasizing the words 'when you want me' in a way that let both men know what she meant. She sipped the last of her martini, put the glass on the table, and looked Josh in the eye. "It was a pleasure to meet you," she said. "I hope we see each other soon."
With that, Anita walked to an outdoor shower on the far side of the pool. She turned on the water, then began rinsing off. She soaped up a sponge and lathered her body from her head to her feet. She took her time, being sure to wash every inch carefully. She knew Josh was getting a very sexy show, which was the whole idea.
She turned off the water, stepped out of the shower, and stood in the sun. Her wet body gleamed in the light. She toweled off, working slowly to prolong the show as long as she could. When she was finally done, she stepped into her slippers again and walked gracefully into the house.
She went to the bedroom so she wouldn't run into Josh again as he left. The routine had gone exactly the way Freddie wanted. He'd made his point. Yes, Josh had a yacht that featured a hot girl who liked to go topless when she was sailing. But Freddie had a pool that featured a goddess who liked to sunbathe in the nude. Freddie claimed that Josh's girlfriend was beautiful, but he told Anita she looked much better.
None of that mattered at the moment. The whole exercise left Anita very, very aroused. She had predicted this would happen, so she'd made Freddie promise to send Josh away as soon as possible after their little game was over. She needed cock therapy. Fast.
Freddie kept his promise, and a few minutes later he came to the bedroom. He had the biggest smile Anita had ever seen on him.
"Darling, that was spectacular. Josh had a boner when he left. He tried to keep it covered up, but I could tell."
"That's great Freddie. Let's talk about it later. Right now Miss Pussy needs a visit from Mr. Cock. We can talk about anything you want after that." Anita began unbuckling Freddie's pants.
"The next time they invite me out on their boat, I'll bet his girlfriend keeps her top on. There's no way she'll want to get into a pretty titty contest with you."
"Right. Whatever. Will you get these clothes off, please? I've been simmering in lust for at least 45 minutes. I'm so wet they can probably smell my pussy in Canada."
"I love the smell of your pussy."
"Well, you must be one happy fella right now," Anita said. She lowered Freddie's boxers and saw that he wasn't hard yet. She sucked his cock between her lips and was gratified that it began to get firm immediately. She sucked as much as she could into her mouth, and used her hand to stroke the rest. As soon as he was hard, Anita laid backward on the bed and spread her legs. "It's time for Mr. Cock to report to work," she said.
Freddie laughed, then laid down on top of Anita. "What do you want me to do, Boss?" he said, trying to make Anita beg for sex again.
"I damn sure don't want you to play that game right now. I don't want you to tease me. The last goddamn thing I need right now is more fucking foreplay. Just give me your cock! Now!"
"Whatever pleases you," Freddie said. He took his cock in hand and ran the head up and down Anita's wet slit. "Ahhhhhhhhhh!" she said blissfully. Freddie had awoken her inner exhibitionist, and she was on fire. Showing her naked body to a strange man had aroused her in a way she'd never experienced before.
Freddie stroked up and down her pussy several times, then put the head of his cock at the entrance, and pushed. He slid all the way into her in one smooth stroke. Anita came instantly. That didn't happen often before she met Freddie, but it happened all the time now. It used to require lengthy, patient foreplay to make her cum. Cumming immediately wasn't something she expected in the past. But she expected it now.
"Your pussy is throbbing," Freddie whispered. "I love the way it feels."
What Anita loved was feeling Freddie begin moving in and out of her. She'd become familiar with the slow, gentle pace he maintained most of the time when they made love. She knew he did it because he wanted to keep himself from cumming too soon. Sometimes she was so excited she wanted to tell him to just pound away at her pussy, but she was reluctant to be too demanding in bed. She'd become a lot more submissive with Freddie than she'd been with any other man, and she didn't want to interfere when he was being dominant with her.
So Anita laid back on the bed and enjoyed the feeling of his cock sliding in and out. She moaned and groaned almost continuously. Freddie loved it when women made sexy little sounds as they made love, and he was pleased that Anita was such a noisy lover. She called out every single time she had an orgasm. If it was a particularly big orgasm, it made her wail like a wild animal.
Anita was heading toward that kind of climax. Freddie felt her body writhing the way it always did when she was about to have an especially powerful orgasm. It was very stimulating. Freddie realized that having Anita putting her body on display for him appealed to his male ego. It was marvelous having a woman who'd do something like that. Anita would do anything he asked. She had no choice. He owned a goddess.
The best part was that she liked it. She liked it a lot. She'd begun to think that being Freddie's slave gave her life meaning. Anita thought about how excited it made her to expose her nude body to Freddie's business partner, and it made her begin to cum. She wrapped her arms and legs around Freddie and squeezed him tight.
"Ohhhhhhhh!" she cried. Her pussy clenched Freddie's cock so strongly that it made his orgasm begin before her's was finished..
Freddie slammed his cock into Anita's body again and again, feeling overwhelmed with pleasure as he came over and over. Before he kidnapped Anita, he'd expected it would be fun to own a sex slave. It was especially sweet that his slave was the girl who'd bullied him when they were kids. She was a slave to his will, his desires, and his cock. If only his teenage self had known this would happen. It would have made his troubled life much easier to bear.
Freddie rolled off Anita's body and laid next to her in bed.This woman is my property, he thought to himself.She belongs to me. I have to take very good care of her.
"Thank you, sir. That's just what Miss Pussy wanted," Anita said.
"I'm so glad. Let me know anytime I can do that for you," Freddie said.
"You can count on that," she said.
Freddie rose from the bed and put on his clothes. Anita remained sprawled across the mattress. She was exhausted from her last orgasm. It would take a few more minutes for her to regain the energy needed to climb out of bed. She looked lovely. Freddie gazed at her naked body in awe. He never got tired of admiring her beauty.
It gave him an idea.
"Stay here," he said. "I'll be right back."
He fetched his cellphone and returned to the bedroom. "Pose for me," he said, opening his camera app.
Anita obliged him, posing the way she imagined models posed for men's magazines. She saw how much it entertained Freddie, and it made her smile. They'd just had hot, sweaty, unrestrained sex, and he still enjoyed her body so much he wanted to photograph it.
"Let's go out by the pool," he said.
Anita posed on the lounge chair she'd used while she was teasing Freddie's business partner. She posed on the edge of the pool. Finally, she went to the outdoor shower and posed with her body covered in lather.
"I'm not very good at this," she said. "I don't know how to pose."
"You're doing wonderful. Just pretend you're one of the models for theSports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition."
"Don't those girls usually wear swimsuits?" Anita asked coyly.
Freddie laughed. "Not always. Sometimes they wear body paint."
"What? Body paint?"
"Yes. Most of the models wear designer swimsuits. But the magazine also hires artists who paint a few of the models to make it look from a distance as though they are wearing bikinis. Close up, though, you can tell they are actually naked. It's very sexy."
"It sounds that way."
"Would you like to pose that way? Wearing nothing but body paint?"
Anita thought about it. It didn't take long to form an answer. "I'd love that. I'm enjoying posing naked for you, but I'm sure it would be very nice to have someone turn my body into a work of art."
"It's already a work of art. But I know what you mean," Freddie said.
They returned to the house and went straight to Freddie's office. He downloaded the photographs and displayed them on the large monitors he used while he worked. They picked their favorite images and made them desktop wallpaper photos.
It aroused them both. Seeing the colorful photos enlarged helped them both see how erotic Anita's nude body could be. "This is fun," Freddie said. "I'd like to get more pictures of you someday. These look so good, I'm sure we could do something even better."
"I think it would be nice if I could do something special with my hair and make-up," Anita said. "You can tell I just got out of bed."
"I think that just makes the photos sexier," Freddie said.
"Good for you. I'll bet you'd like it if I looked more like a real model," Anita said.
"I've got an idea. Why don't we hire a real photographer? I could find someone who does nude photography for magazines, and have them do a first-class job making pictures of you. It would be nice to get some enlargements we could hang in my office. And in the bedroom. We could get something artistic and hang a big print in one of the rooms where we entertain." The idea of having guests see an erotic photo of her was as arousing and laying naked by the pool in front of Freddie's colleague Josh.
"While you're at it, find an artist who can do body paint," Anita said. "I'm sure I'd love it. The only problem would be that I'd get so turned on I wouldn't be able to pose very long without you giving me some penis therapy."
They both laughed. "It's certainly something to think about," Freddie said.
"It certainly is," Anita agreed.
............................................
How much did they enjoy creating nude photography? Find out in Chapter 7.