"Holy Shit!" Ashley spasmed. The glass shockingly cold on her tits as Dean presses her body against the floor to ceiling window. Grinding into her ass, tight to her flesh. His skin's hot, so hot, as if to emphasize how cold the glass is.
Ashley's trying to ignore the fact that they are 20 stories up, naked, with only a thousand eyes out there. Buildings surround the hotel and anyone looking could easily see her exposed body highlighted by the massive window pane. Particularly since Dean turned on every light in the room as soon as they'd come in. He laughed, grinning, as he peeled her clothes off.
"Dean! Wait- what?" Stunned by his instant passion, she swooned, a quick flash of thought.We're in the middle of the living room - oh god! look at all those windows.
"it's okay honey," he cupped her face, kissing her soundly, any objections fleeing her consciousness.
She felt his lips, tasted his mouth, her tongue involuntarily slipping out. Dean's caressed and glided over hers. The dance inside their mouths matched by their bodies. Swaying, stepping, he maneuvered her to the very edge, right next to the glass wall.
"Ummmph, but," Ashley tried one last time, her body tingling, her heart pounding.
Unable to deny Dean anything, herownneed flared hot. Titillated by the idea she gave into it. Kissing passionately, feeling a familiar wetness she moaned.
Dean pulled the zipper down her dress, slipping the shoulders free, it plummeted to her waist. Ashley already bra-less, her breasts boldly displayed. He'd already snapped the clasp in the restaurant. Ashley feigned shock, yet still she'd pulled it out an arm, and stuffed it in her purse, smiling wickedly at him.
Then in the elevator the panties vanished. Dean pressing her to the wall, kissing hard, his fingers under the hem of her dress, he eased her silky panties over her hips. Retrieving them. Dean stuffed them into his pants pocket.
"Okay mister, get those off now," Ashley growled, pulling the dress shirt out of his slacks. Dean helped, striping nude in seconds.
Standing there smiling, completely at ease with the transparent wall. His cock swelling before her eyes. He rocked, wagging it back and forth. Ashley felt her heat build,sucha man.
The gentle time past, Dean shoved her dress to the floor, pushing her into the glass. His hard cock wedged against her butt.
"God Ashley, you're so fuckin hot, you make me so hard babe. l'm gonna fuck you till you can't walk." She felt his words crash into her.
Ashley loved the timber of his voice, she swears he could justtalk, her to an orgasm. Feeling the want in his words, she practically flooded herself right there.
Breathing faster, her breath misting up the window, Ashley quivered.
"Oh please Dean, do it, oh yes, I want to feel your beautiful cock inside me. Oh-hhh..." she moaned.
His hands were everywhere. Caressing over Ashley's shoulder, he cupped her boobs. Grabbing them, she moaned long and hard.
Dean's mouth on her neck. His hot breath blowing along her skin, under her hair.
His tongue finds the back of Ashley's ear and she chains a trickle of sighs together. Her pussy totally wet, so ready. Arching back, she rubbed his cock with her ass forcing a pause in his breath, a slight catch. Then he breathes faster. Nowshe'sgothim.
Ashley feels his heartbeat drumming into her back, thump, thump, thump, she knows he's so turned on right now. Powered by the excitement of fucking like this, lights on, curtains pulled open, standing here, the whole world looking in.
Every nerve on edge, it's awesome, flowing into her. The hotter Dean gets the hornier Ashley's feeling. They're their own infinite loop.
Slowly dropping down her body, Dean crouches between Ashley's legs. Pushing her thighs wider- she lifts up on her toes, her ass raised when he buries his face in her bush. Hands on her upper thighs, holding her wide, Dean shoves his face between her cheeks. His tongue probing, searching, slipping into her pussy.
Suddenly not caring who is out there. Ashley, cries out. Dean's tongue parting her folds, wedged between the lips, entering her wetness.
Ashley props her arms wide, holding her body taut, rocking her hips, giving him so much access. Dean digs deep, shoving in hard, his chin ramming up hitting her clit sending new shivers through her body.
He spins around and leans on the window his face deep in her cunt. Dean licks with purpose. Full and long, his tongue getting the whole length of her slot. Going up around Ashley's clit, she drops an inch, her thighs quivering, bucking down onto his face.
"Oh fuckkkk, baby yes, god yes," she`s shaking, she's panting, her chest heaving. Holding herself up she squats. Rubbing and grinding her quivering cunt on him, opening her legs wide she tries to swallow Dean with her pussy.
"Fuck!" she grunts, shuddering. Damn, Dean knows how to eat her right, hitting hard she's close, moaning and panting. Wildly crying out as the orgasm rips through her. Blending waves of golden red coursing through her core.
Mashing her pussy on his face, bucking and jerking, she floods his mouth. Dean's licking and sucking, rubbing his face through her slit, welcoming her warmth, totally alive in her cum.
Just as the waves slow he moves away. Leaving Ashley standing there dazed, her chest and shoulders connected to the window -the glass holding her up, and her ass pushed out, legs wide. Tiny shakes an exquisite counter to her heavy panting.
Grabbing her hips firmly and strongly, standing behind Ashley, Dean slides his cock along her mound. With a deep throated growl, he slams in, burying it to the hilt, pressing her flat against the window. Ashley feels the cold glass all along her front and his raging hard cock filling her completely.
Dean draws out to the head, holding her tighter he thrusts in, fast and hard, pressing her into the glass. Ashley close's her eyes, imagining someone in the building across, looking back, watching them fucking. Maybe sitting in a chair, cock hard, pumping it in his fist, mesmerized by her naked body, her breasts squished flat.
It, sends a shiver up her spine, making her hotter. Spreading her knees wide, Ashley grinds her pelvis on the glass. Moaning, panting, utterly consumed by her sexual energy. She offers her whole body to the open night.
Dean keeps shoving in, picking up speed, his breath hot on her skin, coming in short gasps. She feels him finding all the good places.
Long full strokes, pulling out to the tip and shoving in, the muscles in her pussy clenching, gripping, wanting to hold him in deeper. Her cunt a hot wet mess of slurping and sucking flesh.
Tensing up, Ashley feels the waves racing through her flesh, building, and crashing, consuming. It's so fast -how does he... Her nerves drawing every tiny tingling moment into the center of her being, crying continuously with Deans rapid fast thrusts she explodes.
Screaming out, Dean suddenly jerks and slams in, his cock throbbing inside her, he cums too.
Gasping, he squirts his load deep in her cunt. Great body wracking throbs, his breath blowing against her back. Ashley feels him flex and twitch as each blast of hot cum fills her, his seed mixing with her own juices. They shake and moan, grind and gasp, till finally it eases off.
He pulls back, thrusting a few soft short pumps, as the last of Ashley's orgasm fades away. She's glowing, her skin radiant.
Again her mind runs across the dark night, finding every light, looking for that one guy, imagining his cock pumping in his fist. Jerking hard, his cum shooting out, coating his chest, spilling over his fingers.
Just as the thought materializes, a light snaps on and she sees another naked body walking away from them.
Gasping, Ashley fall's back, dragging them to the floor.
"There was someone there, l think someone was watching us." She blurts out, a unique thrill teasing her mind. Was he watchingher?.
"You know me and public sex babe," Dean lazily offers. "I love being in you, but l love the thrill of being on show, too."
Well, there certainly is a bit of a rush added to it she admits, the smile burning her face.
Dean's been pushing Ashley all month with theseoutdoor, public type experiences. She'd thoughtshewas adventurous, at least until she'd run into this tall, sexy, sweet guy who just melted her within three minutes of talking.
Grabbing her hand they'd walked along the beach. Kicking their shoes off and feeling the shocking cold of the surf crashing over their feet. Falling into the sand, kissing and touching, it'd been impossiblenotto enjoy being naked with him. Her body electric, she'd cummed insanely long and powerfully, feeling him finally release his cum deep in her cunt. She'd shook after, stunned by the ferocity of their lovemaking.
And that had only been day one. Today was day 28 - a special day for him. They'd been cycling up, building and climbing in events.
Dean picking her up from her apartment and not saying anything, no clue where or what they were doing till the valet opened the door.
"Just dress for a fancy dinner and we aren't coming back till tomorrow." He'd said on the phone. Now, legs trembling, every fiber of her body charged she laughed.
Grinning wickedly, Dean pulls himself up and sits in a chair. His hair lightly matted, he smiled at her. Such a simple easy gesture yet she felt her body flush from his attention.
Crawling over on her hands and knees, Ashley pushes his legs apart. Grabbing his cock, she holds it, feeling its length, caressing him, enjoying as he quickly fills back up with blood.
"Fuck baby you`re a marvel," Ashley chuckles.
"That's all you honey, l justlookat you and l'm excited." His fully hard cock testimony enough.
Slick with her juice, she strokes him a few more times.
Leaning back, Dean surrenders his cock to her. Ashley yanks on the chair, turning him for maximum viewing.Well... if someone is out there they deserve the best view possible, right? Dean laughs, knowing her thoughts.
Ashley licks up and down his shaft, tasting herself on his skin, savoring the mixture of their flavors. Moaning, Dean lifts his hips as she drops, sucking deep she goes all the way down. The last few weeks she'd really learned to devour his member. To love it, excited by his every fold and ridge. She's turned cock crazy she giggles inside. Her fingers cupped around his length, so strong and hot and wonderful.
Lifting back and starting in with full long slurps, sucking up and down. Her ass rocking and bobbing beside the window.
Ashley pulls up to the head, licking around the rim, sucking on it, while her hands stroke up and down.I love his cock, she thinks. Long and straight, the head beautifully formed, huge. Forcing herself as far down as she can go, Ashley feels him hitting the back of her throat, and welcomes him in.
"Oh fuck babe - god crap unh...ohh," he's grunting, gasping, Ashley's mouth sheer magic.
Holding there she pulls back up, breathing fast. Thrilled by the pleasure he's feeling. Pushing again, trying to get deeper, each time she pushes as far as she can. Dean's rocking, grunting, long moans coming out his mouth with each trip down. He starts raising his hips, fucking up into her mouth. His hands around her head, holding her he pumps short fast thrusts, filling her mouth with his cock.
Peering up Ashley sees him looking intently at her.
His eyes ablaze with passion, focused on the vision of his cock being swallowed by her mouth. It's such a turn-on to see how hot she's making him, her pussy still wet and swollen. Ashley rubs her legs together. Dropping a hand to pinch her clit, and stroke along her lips.
She needs him again.
Standing up Ashley straddles Dean's hips, fingers in his hair, they kiss, aggressively, heatedly.
"Oh fuck yes, you make me fucking crazy," Ashley moans, her body tingling, celebrating her flesh, her power.
Wiggling her butt, she feels Dean's cock teasing, poking, and grazing the edges of her cunt. He`s growling and bucking, needing her just as much as she wants him.
Dean holds her waist his fingers clenching, shaking. The head parts her lips, her heat smothering him. Ashley gasps, her body arching, she lowers herself, feeling him slide deeper and deeper, rocking at the base, squeezing and clenching, feeling him fill her inner passage.
Clasping her fingers around Dean's neck, Ashley leans back. Her breasts thrust forward and ride's his cock. Using her legs to rise up the shaft and grinding down, humping forward with each thrust. Dean's getting frenzied, holding her harder, shoving back with more urgency, his cock feeling incredible.
He's past words, grunting, gasping, his every energy focused on the deliriously wonderful feel of his cock thrusting up inside her, Over and over, amazing and powerful.
Speeding up, the heat building in Ashley's core, she`s crying, wailing, her head swaying from side to side. Her long auburn locks swinging, waving. Reaching up, Dean grabs her tits, massaging them, rolling her nipples Ashley slams down, hard, harder.
She's so close, feeling it right there, begging, and teasing, her orgasm clawing free. Dropping down and jerking quickly, grinding in, whipping his cock around inside. Thrashing faster, rubbing her clit against him.
"Unnn-nh, yes, yes." Suddenly spasming forward, clutching around his body, Ashley clings tight. Her nails digging into his back. Dean wraps his arms around her, his hands firmly on her ass, he thrusts rapid fast with short hard pumps.
Her cunt clenches up, climaxing. Dean feels her pussy squeeze and spasm around his cock.
Grunting, he stands himself up, stumbling forward and slamming Ashley into the window, her legs clamped around his hips. He's fucking into her as she's crying out, cumming crazily. Shaking, holding herself to his body. His cock relentless, merciless, filling her over and over, she peaks again, screaming, she cums, layers of erotic explosions pounding her body, igniting her soul .
Every nerve alive Ashley whips her head around, squirming and bucking. Raving, her pussy vibrating as the constant fucking won't let it ease off. Suddenly she locks up, rocked by a third orgasm, utterly deranged, her body one big climax. Dean slams up, hard - so fucking hard; crashing the deepest he can be and cry's out. A hot explosion of breath bursting free, he cums too.
Locked together the two bodies shake and jerk, their orgasms bouncing off each other, oblivious to everything.
As it eases off, Dean looks past Ashley. "l think that's chicks watching us and beating off," he says, grinning proudly.
"What," Ashley squirms, shifting, trying to turn around, she breaks their connection. Turning to the glass again she's looking around.
Two floors down -sure enough- there's a woman sitting naked on a couch. Facing out, hands busy in her crotch. Giggling she slap's a hand over Dean's eyes. "Only one pussy for you buddy,"
"Guess we better help her along eh?" Dean moves the chair right up to the window, guiding Ashley in it, her legs pulled wide, vagina spread open - lips swollen, puffy and wet.
Kneeling down he licks her inner thigh, tracing closer, up along her outer lips.
"Oh-ho-but, um... I need," She's so aroused. Her body still alive from the chain of orgasms, she's vibrating. Jerky. His mouth moves closer to her center, and Ashley knows she wants more. Shocked sheneedsmore, just what is this man doing to her.
This month she's experienced more sexual awakening than the first 25 years of her life. And determined to never go back to that boring life.
"Oh god yes Dean, oh please baby yes, fucking eat me - do it, make me cum all over you."
Groaning she pushes her legs as wide as she can, hooking them over the arms of the chair. Dean digs in, shoving his tongue directly in her hole. Licking deeply, tasting a mixture of both their, cum, he licks and sucks wildly. He pulls back, licking up her crease, finding her clit.
Jerking at the sudden charge of pleasure, Ashley's pussy is on fire! Dean keeps licking, long full swipes, closing on her clit each time.
Feeling her pressures building inside. Then he jams two fingers in. She cries out, arching her hips, lost in the feelings.
Pumping her snatch with a steady rhythm Dean keeps his mouth over her clit. Tongue flicking the tip, he sucks it in nibbling on it, driving Ashley insane with pleasure. Like an addict she wants more, and more. Grabbing her breasts, working the nipples, her body shaking, bucking, and riding Dean's face.
He rolls his hand, finding her spot he works it like crazy. Flicking his fingers faster and faster all the while his mouth is holding her clit hostage. It's insane, the pressures building in her body, her stomach clenching, Ashley feels the strength of it. So close again.
"Yea-baby, yes, fuck un, huh..."
Looking out the window, she sees the woman's pumping something in her pussy, body arched over, hands a blur. Suddenly she stops and looksrightat Ashley.
It's like she can see across the distance - straight into the strange woman's eyes as she climaxes. Her body spasming with the orgasm.
Jerking and bucking from the strength of it.
Ashley feels it deep inside her own body, realizing she's cumming too.
Her cunt erupts, squirting a hot stream of juice, splashing into Dean's face. He leans to the side so the next wave crashes into the window, coating the glass and running down to the base. Clamping his mouth over her hole, he sucks in the rest of her juice.
Hollering with the release Ashley locks her thighs around Dean's head, clamped tight, her cunt spasming, cumming everywhere, it's endless. Finally easing off, the blood racing through her body, her heart pounding in her chest, Ashley relaxes her legs, lifts her head and sees Dean smiling up at her.
He turns to look out the window, but the woman across the way is gone.
"Humph, guess she wasn't watching us after all, whatever." He gets up, leaning in for a kiss and heads down the hall to the shower.
"You're the only pussy I need."
Ashley just sits there for a few minutes, enjoying the deep glow, and remembering the woman's eyes as they both came together.