Review: Melissa had just befriended a group of African graduate and post graduate students, with her body. She had become the ultimate white Jezebel for the men. And Jezebel had a very special meaning for these African men. 'Jezebel' even required a very special tradition, treatment or ritual... Melissa had not only just been physically changed, the most intensive changes were done in full view of a graduate residence hall. When we last saw Melissa, after her extreme sexual workout, she was in her car, inserting an iced dildo and beginning her drive home .
PLEASE READ PART ONE FIRST.
_______________________________
Telling Tom
Melissa really didn't want to tell Tom anything about what was going on. Tom had his own cute little swinger girl on the side for quite a while. That was one of the reasons that he told Melissa to go out and pick up someone. With all the discussions of free love, open sex, orgies, etc., it was Tom that opened the door for Melissa. And Melissa would have just left Tom out of the communications. Remember, he said that she didn't even have to tell him.
Tom was so egocentric that he missed out on learning about Melissa's hardcore fantasies. Oh, he heard her say a couple of times that she thought about big black penises. But he never bothered to try to get the specifics - like that she wanted to be stretched big, that she dreamt of huge blacks pounding her over and over, that she thought that she would have made a great whore in another life, or that she recently became interested in the way that Nigerian men use the label Jezebel. And he certainly didn't know that she had a masochistic bent for being beat with large penises until her vagina was completely changed. That is a fairly long list of what Tom did not know.
But, now Tom also did not know that Melissa had just been stretched, and that some of that stretch is already permanent. That condition, and the fact that she wanted to go back for more, drove her need to tell Tom. Fucking around was one topic. And she thought Tom should be fine with that, since he suggested it and partakes of it himself. But Melissa was quite sure that her vagina being split, healing larger, then split more, and then healing still larger, over and over and over - well, she was sure that Tom should probably be prepared for that reality. And by telling him the truth, she might find out just how kinky he really is, as opposed to how kinky he says that he is.
Martin told Melissa that he was planning a big weekend for her. He thought, in the days prior, she should just heal and smoothly stretch from now through Thursday. He wanted her to use her ice dildo several times each evening and leave a more typical but large dildo in her vagina at all other times. That made complete sense to Melissa and generally matched her own, well thought out, plan. It would certainly help heal her closer to the level that the guys would need to restart with.
Besides, she wanted a routine that she could use throughout all the future intense fucking that she hoped would happen. She startled, realizing that the planning, alone, was making her hot. And that, in turn, gave her another realization that she must really be a hardcore Jezebel. She was one who was into a very special S&M. The thrill of giant penises physically remaking her vagina?? With all the changes already done, and the many changes that might happen soon, she thought Tom should know what was occurring.
She called him at a time previously scheduled for a standard check in. At first, both bounced the mundane daily activities off of each other, with assurance that each person was doing well in those types of functions. Then she told him that she wanted to discuss a new sex perversion that happened right after he left town.
He acted surprised and definitely was very excited.
"Give me all the details "
And she did give him the details: the visiting post docs, the friendly work place, the slow increase of personal stories, Martin's stories of ritualistic sex practices, specifically the Jezebel stories, the photo album, being turned on by something so perverse, seeing that Martin had a bigger and harder penis that she imagined in her fantasy, fucking Martin, fucking all three, that they had already enlarged her, and that it was all done within the view of the graduate residence hall under bright light.
There was silence on the phone.
"Melissa, Jim Wroth called me in the middle of the night, Monday, stammering about looking out his hall window with his scope and clearly seeing my wife being violently screwed by a black man. He was fairly sure that there was a second black man later. If two, then they both had huge penises. Jim even thought that they fucked you so hard that you might have bled. And, now, you confirm much more than he dreamed of "
Silence again. Melissa could not immediately think of anything to say.
Tom jumped in again.
"I love it, love it, love it. You dirty little bitch. You've outdone me. I thought some of my extreme stuff could never happen. But you went out there and did more than I dreamt."
"You're not mad??"
"Honey, when Jim gave me that report, now I am not kidding you, I called home and verified that you still were gone. Then, I must have jacked off about three times that night. And I didn't even know the details, until you just told me. Now I know that the night was much more than poor ole Jim saw. It is as if we were in psychic sync and just did not know it. I mean, I have wanted a lot of filthy things to be done to that pretty little bod of yours, and was actually afraid to tell you because some were so bad. And here you have monster penises doing more to you than I did ever imagine "
Melissa laughs."Tom , you've reminded me why we married and went on this crazy trip together. We're both way out there."
"Hmmm... You know what, I even had one of those awful nasty fantasies where I contracted out a lot of work to be done to you. Of course, it covered my turn ons. But, by golly, I think that you have found the guys who would like such a deal. When are you supposed to see them again?"
"I am resting up right now. You'd laugh at my therapy. Don't ask. But Martin wanted me to be back in action by this weekend. I'm already looking forward to it."
"Ha I'll bet you are. Hey, any pics, juicy details, or just anything that you think would entertain me, you make sure and send it all to me."
"Oh, I am sure that I will get something, and I certainly will send it over when I do."
"I'll be waiting, that is, for the details.. (snicker) (snicker)."
"Ha yourself. I really appreciate your perversion." And she smooches goodbye.
And they finished up their phone call in good spirits. Now Tom knew or should she say already knew. And he liked the idea When Melissa told Martin of the phone call, he was pleased to find out that Tom was going right along. However, Martin was most impressed by Tom's friend Jim. That report that Jim gave to Tom confirmed that hall residents were actually watching. In Martin's mind, Jim had to be just one of many who watched closely.
There Is A Whore At The Door
On Friday, Melissa was supposed to drop over to the fellows' house at 9:00 PM. With the length of the summer days, there was still some light outside when the doorbell rang. Robert opened the door. There stood Melissa, with two long dark pony tails, red high heels, red thigh high hose, a red sparkle tank top and no skirt. She did, though, have a red thong on.
"Get in here." As both Robert and Martin yelled out, while yanking her through the door.
Everyone was laughing at the audacity of this woman. Robert had both pony tails held out, while looking straight into her face and was saying,
"You are so sexy, very brave, and maybe quite insane."
Martin had fallen back into a chair near the stairway, breaking into fits of laughter.
And Christopher was caught coming down the stairs again, this time asking, "What happened?"
Then, upon seeing Melissa, he said, "Oh, wow, she happened "
Everyone complimented her on her outfit and its minimalist style.
It was quite suspect, when, looking for any immediate excuse, Robert suggested that they go out somewhere to celebrate, uh, maybe just to celebrate the beginning of a weekend, or maybe celebrate Melissa's outfit? For either reason, Robert said that he knew where to go. Melissa was wondering where they could possibly take her, dressed the way that she was dressed. Robert told her not to worry, and they all headed for Robert's car.
In about ten minutes, Robert pulled up at the city's infamous xxx book store. They all piled out and headed inside. Robert knew the black man behind the counter. He enjoyed seeing his friend's eyes almost fall out of his head.
Robert introduced Melissa to "Kai", and said, "We're just looking..."
Laughs all around. Kai came from Nigeria also and was just working the evening shift for extra college money. Robert knew that Kai had a very large penis, because he had seen him use it back in Nigeria.
"Have many customers?
Kai replied, "There are few in the book racks and several more back in the film booths."
Melissa began strolling down the magazine aisle, looking at all the xxx covers. A white guy came around the corner and turned whiter, when he saw Melissa. Martin, Robert and Christopher brightened up, and Martin said,
"Have you met our girl?"
"Noooo." in a low tone, was the man's only response.
"Melissa, show him your thong."
She spins around in front of the man showing her beautiful figure and outfit.
Martin again, "No, Melissa, I meant show him your thong."
Now she understood the dirty joke. She smoothly slipped off the thong and held it up for the man to see. He had a difficult time keeping his eyes on the thong. Rather, his eyes kept shifting to her fantastic bare pelvis. Martin called her back over to him, and then the white guy got to watch her ass move over to the counter. He appeared very happy; beaming might be the word.
"Kai, is that sex seat still on display?"
"Sure is Martin. It's around the corner."
Everyone, including the white guy, peered around the corner. Against the outside wall was a multi-colored metal tube frame contraption. It had a sort of bicycle seat central, and a way to stretch out the girl semi reclining, with her legs supported wide in many possible positions.
It would hold her at a level for a guy to stand normal and fuck away. Actually, the height was quickly adjustable; so, any stature of man could be accommodated. Martin told Melissa to try it out for size.
She went over, climbed in, spread her legs real wide on the middle rungs, and looked very comfortable. The white guy is about to have that heart attack. Martin just pretended to scratch his chin.
"I don't know. Something is missing. Kai. Why don't you go over and show us how it works."
Kai was very cooperative, and started stripping off his shirt and pants. Martin leaned over and whispered in Kai's ear that this was their American Jezebel, and that Kai was free to use everything he had. Kai smiled real big. And Melissa suspected what Martin had told him. At that moment, his baggy boxer shorts dropped. And the biggest penis yet started filling immediately. Melissa thought this unbelievable. Where had these men been hiding? In another world, or just another country? And how could they get bigger? Kai was really monstrous. He had at least another full inch in length on Robert, not as wide as Robert maybe, but wider than Christopher.
As he walked over to Melissa, his penis was coming up to full staff. He liked to chew on nipples, so he pulled Melissa's tank top up over her head and threw it over to Martin. Then he bent over and did chew on Melissa for a few minutes. She was stimulated very well. His fingers touched her opening. He had brought over some house lube and, even though she was wet, he placed some in her opening. Then he placed the head of his penis on target and started to enter her. That head was slightly smaller than Melissa's fist.
Yet, soon, his the head was in her. She was arching back in the seat. The seat was made to push her opening forward and spread it; its structure had gravity, angles and just about everything going for it. Kai was very happy with this white woman. So small. Yet, so muscular. And so good on his penis. He pushed forward three to four inches, and starting the true screwing motions. Melissa was already squealing and cuming. He put it in farther. Farther. Farther.
She was stuck on two thirds of him. Kai's large head was easily seen poking up and around in her gut as he did the twisting, screwing motion. Kai looked around to Martin, and gave a questioning look; it was as if to ask if Martin was sure about the classification of this little woman. Martin fanned his right wrist and hand in a 'go on, go on, go on' motion.
That was when Kai started to pump deeper and harder. Soon, the thumping sound within Melissa was filling the room. She held onto handles that were built into the chair, with her legs remaining wide, and her high heels now planted in stirrup type rings. She panted, grunted, groaned, and moaned, all while her vagina tried to take the penis. It looked like a forearm going in and out of her. In addition to the thumping that he was doing, he was making her pop, both going in and coming out.
He bent over her and bit her right nipple. She screamed and came harder. Then he bit the left nipple. Screaming, cuming, arching, ugh type sounds; there was a little bit of everything. The nipple distraction had allowed him to surprise her with more length. A minimum of ten inches slipped into her. Kai looked over at Martin once more. Again, the 'go on, go on, go on' motion.
Kai began plowing her big time. After only a few more minutes, he buried it in her and met her pelvis to pelvis. While still buried, he pulsated and jerked the large penis, just to see the tiny white body be flipped up and down with it.She smiled and laughed each time that he did the maneuver. Now Kai was getting more excited, he felt her become just a hair wider at the same time that she screamed loudly. A small rip, perhaps, and a small amount of blood. But it was insignificant to Melissa. It was becoming obvious to Melissa that it was going to take a lot more shocking fucking to continue anything like the changes that occurred earlier in the week.
She may have not quite understood how nice Kai was being at that moment. He was, in fact, capable of making more of a major type of change in Melissa, the kind that she was thinking would be necessary. And he could have made Melissa much bigger during just this one session. Martin knew that about Kai. Martin had indicated to Kai that he personally OK'd such changes. But Kai felt uneasy, he still did not believe that this miniature American beauty was subject to a full Jezebel treatment. So, in a very real sense, he was holding back. He was actually frightened to physically attack the little white in her own country. Unlike the police and other authorities in Nigeria, the police in Midwestern USA would probably not tolerate anything like, say, a beautiful and defenseless white woman being ripped to her ass. So, Martin could motion 'go ahead' all he wanted. Kai was not going to be anything like his wild unhindered version might be like.
Now three white patrons were peering around the corner into the room with the sex seat. They focused on a spread eagle Melissa, with this very black man now slowly moving almost 13 or so inches in and out of her. Each man considered that he had never seen anything like this in one of the back room pay booths. A fourth man came around the corner. He was the janitor on the bio sciences floor where Melissa managed her lab. He immediately recognized Melissa and just as immediately almost came in his pants. In his own book, he had done the proverbial 'died and gone to heaven'.
Kai decided that Melissa could take straight on now.That is, she might remain with the minor 'glad to meet you' tear only, if he was just careful to go straight now. No pivoting, no twisting, no prying. And, so he did start speeding up, with a straight line fuck that even the white guys might be more comfortable with seeing. He stroked her that way for another ten minutes, rocking the tubular chair back and forth and watching Melissa cum. Then he came, with Melissa bucking in the air. And Kai could cum a lot.
Everyone watched the white goo spurt out around the sides of his penis. A steady stream ran down between her cheeks and then started to form long rubber band type drips that eventually made it all the way to the floor. He kept cuming. The crack between her cheeks filled solid with creamy white. He kept cuming. The cum began to fall to the floor in larger amounts. He rested it in her all the way, with the muscles of his butt and upper legs pinching and pressing in every last fraction of an inch and every last drop. Melissa started having spasms around his penis, jerking and quivering intensely. Much more white goo oozed out of her. A large puddle of cum began to form at the base of the chair. Kai certainly deserved to be the store worker who mopped up that night.
Everyone watched Kai slowly pull completely out. Robert joked that they had time for commercial break. Lots of laughter, including some gasp, laugh, giggle, gasp, laugh sequences from Melissa. He finally popped out. She stayed open. Red, a little more ragged and wider, otherwise, she was in amazing condition; for considering what had just been done to her, her opening could not have looked much better.
She thought she would relax for a moment and recover. Christopher had already begun stripping as Kai finished. Now he was nude and hard and walking into Melissa's spread. Just for a very smooth start, he was also using some of the house brand oil that Kai handed out as samples. He slipped into Melissa's large hole and immediately bottomed out with no problem. Whites and blacks all watched Christopher start his very rough brand of fucking.
He went directly into a fast hard hitting fuck. And Melissa was screaming pretty loud to have just started. Christopher looked down at her lovely belly, saw his penis moving up and down in her, and did something that Martin and Robert had seen him do only once before. In fact, Christopher could only do it to a woman who had a thin and muscular abdominal wall; and Melissa was a prime candidate in his mind. While keeping a strong right hand on the frame of the seat for support, he reached down to her belly with his left. He actually grabbed for his penis with his hand. Melissa startled and looked down at what he was doing.
He pushed his hand into her tight little abdomen, just enough to grab everything that happened to be around his penis. Finally he narrowed the grip to her vagina that surrounded him and his penis beneath. It was easy for him to feel the hard penis inside that vagina. He began to poke his penis deep while, at the same time, he pulled down on her vagina. That way, by using her vagina as a soft sleeve, it all became a velvety smooth jack off. His hard grip, along with a synchronized thrust, forced her vagina down over every minor detail of his penis. The more he pulled her down over himself, the more he molded her vagina into an extended length.
Christopher loved feeling her vagina getting soft and stretchy. Soon, he had his hand tightly encircling the base of the vagina and penis in one very accurate and powerful grip. That way, he was holding the bottom half of her vagina within the gripped fist. That required the unrestricted top half of the vagina to do his entire 10+ inch stretch. In effect, that distance of overly stretched top vaginal muscle would be added to the already well stretched section that he had within his tight grip. He had developed this unique way of going directly to what needed to be changed.
She gave off true guttural sounds, repeatedly watched him jacking her vagina down over himself, and repeatedly fell back into the chair with powerful orgasms. This technique that he was using almost made her feel that he might pop right through the top of her vagina . He would even occasionally just hold it down as far as he could pull it, and stand there flexing his penis within for that last little stretch. He would hold her like that for 20 or more seconds.
With his dedication and stamina for Jezebel stretching, Christopher was rather well known for making major changes. From the moment he had first seen Melissa's super trim pelvis on Monday, he had planned on doing this forceful stretch. As he proceeded, he would grab a little more of her vagina into his fist, making the smaller section that was left above do the stretch for the entire length of his penis. It was suspiciously similar to the way socks are put on. Perhaps that is where Christopher got the idea. Still, to apply the idea to a woman was an interesting adaptation. And in any adaptation or application involving a Jezebel, Christopher had one consistent standard. 'Over do it '
Ten minutes later, Christopher finally came in her then baggy vagina. And more cum dropped to the floor, just as he pulled his hand away from Melissa. She had made all her best sounds as Christopher worked. And though she was not sure what just happened, it somehow fit her own perverted idea of what feels good. There were deep impressions where his fingers had been. She rubbed herself, trying to buff up the indented sections. It was slowly working.
It was Martin who decided to change the location again. He offered his hand to help Melissa out of the sex chair contraption. She stood up wobbly. As she came to vertical, a large amount of cum drained out of her vagina in long gooey stringy drops. He paused with her for a moment, so that everyone, including the white guys, could see the cum oozing out. She looked sharp, with excess rosy cheeks and her beautiful bod still intact. Still she would have had to be considered a very bad girl for having no real clothes on, being fucked in public, and, of course, draining massive amounts of cum.
She was going to put on what limited clothes that she brought, and head to the bathroom for clean up. But Robert had the tank top, and Martin had the thong, and neither were going to let her have either item. They said that they wanted her to stay like that, with the cum draining down both legs and onto the thigh highs.
"Let's go." And Martin led the way with Melissa in hand.
Everyone walked with her out into the bright parking lot, which was next door to the mall. Even the whites piled out into the lot. Martin had Melissa slowly spin around in an open area of the parking lot that was next to an adjoining night club. A few lone males and several couples were outside the entrance, watching that dynamite 62 body spin. Then, he had her wave goodbye to both establishments as he put her in the back seat of the car.
Needed: A Bigger Audience
Martin chewed on Melissa's nipples and stuck one, two, three, then four of his large fingers in her ass while they drove back to the house. Call it, just something to do. When they arrived at the house, they had the city
sidewalk to traverse and then the walk up their own short sidewalk. Seemed like it should be a quick trip, and without incident. But foot traffic, around there, on a Friday night, was usually pretty heavy. So, it was no surprise to the fellows that there seemed to be groups of 4 to 8 walkers at a time flowing past their house.
They weren't going to wait for what might be a rare break in the flow. They told Melissa to get out and walk very slowly to the door. Martin had the others wait, while he took all the time that he needed to wipe the back seat clean. Melissa had gotten out of the car just in time to be on the sidewalk with about five guys. They started to whistle and give the standard 'hormones only' greeting, but soon they were overwhelmed with the look of this nude woman. They became a sort of worshiping audience, as she walked through them and casually headed for the door. The walkers walked no more. They just stood there watching her ass travel up the sidewalk to the front door.
Martin, Robert and Christopher hopped out of the car. That started the walkers walking again. The three traveled up their sidewalk to where Melissa had turned around to strike a real pose. They patted her on the shoulders, breasts and ass, as they passed to unlock the door and finally take her inside. Martin told her that she had plenty of time to go to the bathroom, "refreshen", take off her soiled hose, and, "Oh yeah, put the pretty red heels back on."
She still had her two pony tails with red ties, and her red heels, when she came back into the living area. Everything else was nice and bare. Christopher was watching TV Melissa guessed that he was very relieved, and chuckled a little to herself. However, Martin and Robert looked hungry. Now, that was more like what Melissa was hoping for.
The ride home, the rectal probing, and her easy acceptance and enjoyment of such probing, all helped Martin think of what to do next. Melissa smiled, as Robert took her right hand, Martin took her left, and both walked her into the atrium area. The svelte white sex muscle on heels was headed for a big show time. Martin let go and let Robert lead her away. Over in what had become the central display area, the lounge was in the center of the tiles, with all other chairs, stools, and cabinets moved completely out of the area. That left the lounge as the clear single focus. No doubt that a true focus from above was in mind with this planning.
Melissa's sexual curiosity was rampant. Wondering what in the world they had next for her was itself a 'stimulating' entertainment. Robert led her straight toward the lounge. On their way, he flipped the halogen light switch. The spot lights had all been repositioned. Now they all were targeted on that central area where the lounge sat. From just out of what would be the picture, and coming from 360 degrees they now bathed that lounge in super white light. A high quality view could be beheld from any angle.
But Robert had personally oriented the lights at the east edge to combine their spots most intensely upon the central and lower portions of the lounge. In another words, if you just happened to be viewing from above and to the east, you got the most help for your visual acuity. And it was no accident that the foot of the lounge was pointed directly east. Melissa understood that this was real showmanship for the residence hall. She also knew that Tom had verified that Jim Wroth, and an unknown number of other people, would make certain to periodically check the atrium out, certainly after the halogens came on and alerted all watchers on a late Saturday night.
This all seemed set up to make this as public as they could possibly do, while still being within their own house and being able to claim that all walls shielded from pedestrians and the view from passing cars. After all, the open night sky was an innocent place to have sex directly under, right? True, especially in your own home. The people peering in, especially when using scopes and binoculars, would be the ones in violation of peeping Tom laws. She laughed out loud, thinking that her 'Tom' would love to sneak a look.
"What?" Her laugh had come out of no where and surprised Robert.
Melissa reassured him with a simple, "Oh, nothing, just thinking of something funny."
"Well let's do something funny, strange and, perhaps, very entertaining for both you and our audience up there."
And he walked her into the bright light, and stood her at the head of the lounge.
She then faced that now famous east direction. Then he got busy. All the lounge angles could be adjusted for head or leg lift and interesting combinations. He raised only the bottom half up, with as steep of an angle as it would allow. He sat the Vaseline down by the lounge and began stripping. And he sat down nude on the flat portion of the lounge, at first facing south. He motioned for Melissa to come on over.
She got there, kneeled down, took his penis into her mouth, and gave a wonderfully delicious blow job. It only took a minute or so for him to fill quite nicely. She was thinking that she could get quite used to these, large, hard, direct connections to men. Then, for the most unusual move yet, Robert swung around to lay back on the flat portion of the lounge. Rather than put his long legs straight up the incline, he just put one foot on each side of the lounge and moved his own pelvis slightly up the incline.
He lubed up, and told Melissa to straddle him. She put her legs between his and the lounge, stood over him and slowly squatted down. That projected the maximum view angle up, and east. Along with the lighting, it became a spectacularly clear viewing. She very slowly slipped down. Robert was quite pleased with Christopher. He thought that Christopher had done an excellent job in stretching Melissa, for she felt much larger than Robert remembered. That made the slide up into her much easier, much smoother than it was on Monday. In fact, Robert finally decided that it was delightfully astonishing, and that she had slid down on most of his length in what he believed to be less than a minute.
The last few inches were worked in by him beginning to upward thrust, while she rotated her ass downward. After less than, perhaps, five minutes total, he was in all the way. She looked down at him and smiled, then threw her head back, wiggled and quite literally went orgasmic on him. She bucked and twisted while he rammed. As she would come forward with the top of her body and grab his shoulder and later his neck, her ass would pick up and show that crystal clear view of his penis spreading her as it went all the way in and almost all the way out.
They fucked intensely in this position for 15 to 20 minutes. From his angle, Robert could see the cheaper cameras flash, since their owners could not turn that function off. He knew the better ones were seeing straight through excellent lenses and using the great light that he provided for them. He had no idea how many of those were clicking. But, even with no camera attached, those hall residents with scopes or binoculars were getting images that would last a lifetime for them anyway.
He asked Melissa if she would look around and up at the hall. Her ass was pumping violently on him, with her gasping and usually not even capable of making the decision to make such a movement. But under her gasping, panting and her high frequency squeals, there began to be that wicked smile. She took her hands off of his shoulders, where she had been bracing with them.
Those hands moved to her waist in a proud show stance; she licked her lips, and twisted her waist and her head all at the same time. She gave a great cheesy smile to the hall. While holding that top half of herself frozen in pose, she did a great proud flip up of her ass, which revealed Robert's penis stuck into her. Quite an easy contortion for her. It was a beautiful pose for anytime, anywhere. But here, at this moment, she figured it would be perfect. Robert was thinking that there could be a no more brazen Jezebel on Earth.
Martin walked into the bright light at that exact moment. Already hard, already well greased, he walked over to the lounge. Melissa spun her head back around to her right in order to see Martin. She was able to leave her ass flipped up high all during that move. What a showgirl
"Well, hello there." Was her smiling greeting to Martin.
He smiled back real big, but did not say anything. He walked over, threw one of his long legs over and to the left side of Melissa, and then straddled her just slightly above the bottom of her waist. She twisted her neck even more to get a look back at him and her rear.
"Oh, my..." Were her favorite two words of astonishment.
He had some Vaseline on his right finger tips. He poked that in her ass, rounding it out once again and making sure the Vaseline went deep.
Melissa continued, "Oh, my. Oh, dear."
And then Martin started into her ass with his penis. There is great doubt that a woman's eyes could open any farther in startle mode. And there is no doubt that Melissa's ass had absolutely never opened as much as it was opening now. He got the head to finally pop in. Robert was holding about halfway into her vagina. Martin kept greasing his shaft, just where it was disappearing into Melissa's ass. She was tossing and shaking her head and yelling Ohs, Ows, and chains of combinations of those sounds.
When he was halfway in, he angled to her left side so he would begin to slide up her colon. After all, he had to put it somewhere. As he did that, Robert started up again. Melissa was driven fairly mad at that moment. The breath was mostly out of her, but what was heard was more like "uuuuh" in short, medium and very long variations. Robert made sure to bury himself before Martin got in too far. Everything inside needed to be pushed aside properly, so that each might fit and so that both would able to work. Robert held deep in her vagina, and Martin continued to push a little left and up her colon. He was already eight to ten inches into her ass. There were only a few inches on the outside. Both he and Robert decided that she was actually too silent. Martin looked at Robert, who could see Melissa's face. Martin nodded for Robert to check her out.
"Melissa. Melissa. Hey, Melissa "
From tucked down, her face came up slowly. Her eyes were wild, and beads of sweat were on her forehead and red face.
"Y..e..a..h? W..h..a..t?"
"Are you alright??"
"Y..e..a..h."
"Are you sure?"
"Y..e..a..h." And she let her head fall forward to right beside his ear, "Do...it...to...me."
Robert grinned and looked up to Martin, while keeping the grin and giving Martin the tiniest of nods.
They both started very slowly into fucking their assigned holes. If someone were telescoping this picture right now, they saw her butt full and her vagina full. The area between her vulva and anus, the perineum, was very narrow and very taunt now. Soon their penises were trying to saw Melissa in half. At least that is what it looked like. And the 'perineum'? Red.
Just as slowly as they started, they were speeding up. The residence hall population, that part that knew to look, was watching these two dark Africans, both over 6 ½ feet tall. And they were watching them sawing their hard and, what no one could deny, unusually large penises into what must be a 'sweet' 'innocent' and very beautiful 62 , 104 pound, white woman.
Many were probably thinking, 'there ought to be a law.' And, indeed, there were a lot of them in various parts of the USA. But luckily for these three fuckers, there was no such law in this "god awful" liberal state. And the guys sawed away. By less than 20 minutes into the whole procedure, they were getting their entire lengths into her. Her pussy was stretching to be an even more loose bag, one that Christopher could be proud of. Plus, now, her lower colon was being dilated big time.
This was 'hard' work. And no one appreciated that more than Melissa. She had regained her breath and a few senses, just in time for them to start fucking her the hardest. So, now, she could scream, yell, huff, puff, gasp and do all the other things that reassured Martin and Robert. Sort of what might be called, 'that's our girl ' vital signs.
For quite a while, Martin, as soon as he knew she could take it, had been prying up as he thrust. That would pull her ass up a little, similar to when she popped it up herself early on. It helped stretch the ass, perineum and even pull against what Robert was doing. All of her 'worked over' area was on perfect display. That perineum middle ground was under great pressure and showed it.
She looked up at Robert and almost asked if this is how the 19 year old African woman got the scars. Just as she was going to ask, the guys changed the rhythm to one of taking perfect turns with her holes. And they sped up the rate. They were both doing an excellent full length plungering of Melissa. Melissa looked up at Robert again.
He looked down at her, but looked under her face and down onto her abdomen. There he not only could see the outline of himself going in and out of her, he could see Martin doing the same. That was too much for even Robert. After seeing that done to her, he got excited and came within the next few seconds. Since he was under her, there was a major leakage that drained back onto him.
Martin fucked her ass for a few minutes more before he came. In his case, his cum went deep and stayed deep. He pulled out of her and left the famous absolute hole. Robert pushed her up and over to the side, laying her down sideways onto the lounge, as he slid off. She rolled to her back.
As she laid there, breathing like a long distance runner, she spread her legs. Her vaginal opening and her anal opening were temporarily the same size. Neither was closing up much. And only now did Martin's cum start to gush out of her ass. She was surprised, very surprised that she was not completely torn. She looked closer and did notice extreme true stretch marks just behind and under the vaginal opening or vulva. To her, they looked strong enough to possibly be permanent.
She looked up at the hall, waved and threw herself backwards onto the lounge in a dramatic feigning of exhaustion. Her arms and legs all flopped over the sides of the lounge. Those who might still be watching could readily believe that this scene was just as real as what they had been watching for the last half hour.
It was really quite believable, in fact most probable, that the woman they saw double penetrated so extremely well for over a half hour could be collapsed, laying there oozing out of both grossly stretched holes.
Saturday Fun
Melissa had gotten home at about 2:00 AM Saturday morning. After dildo icing, one in each hole, she finally got wound down and fell asleep around 4:00 AM. She slept till noon. When she got up, she remembered that Martin said they were taking her out of town tonight. He gave her instructions to wear a knock about jean outfit for the trip, but bring the killer stuff, including some great heels, in a tote bag. He told her several times that they were going to leave around 6 PM. The only thing more that he said about where, was, 'Somewhere special.' True, that did not narrow down the possibilities, but the thought of more surprises was turning her on again.
A steak and egg Australian type meal, then she hurried off to the gym, where she did an aerobics class and went through a 24 station weight circuit. She could think of a multitude of reasons why she might need some good conditioning. For one, her new friends seemed to be trying to exhaust her.
Melissa laid out a couple of outfit combos, just in case, and a couple of pairs of heels, just in case. Lots of personal clean up stuff, including a first aid kit, a Kotex panty liner and her little igloo cooler, which was also full of 'just in case'. By then, it was after 5:30 PM. So, off she went to meet the guys, and find out more about her Saturday night.
Melissa had some interesting past times during her car ride to Chicago. It was less than 60 minutes from the university. Still it was hard to keep hands off of her, or, frankly, for her to keep hands off of them. Poor Robert was driving while Melissa gave Christopher and Martin both great blow jobs. She both relieved their travel tension and got to find out how it was to get a double load of cum in her mouth. She thought both salty, but much thicker and more creamier than Tom. And then there was that volume, a good 1 to 2 oz. each.
They arrived, and it was still very early in the evening for this, Martin's very perverted swingers club. Martin had the membership that was going to admit them all. More than private. This was a fairly secret club. It was held in a converted warehouse. One of the rich members owned it and still presented it to the authorities as a warehouse. The cars did not park outside. Rather, they came through a special automated door and parked inside, so no one could even verify that anyone was at the building.
The greeter was very impressed by Melissa, who was still in her jeans. He directed her to the nearest restroom and dressing area. The guys looked around, but few people were there yet. So, they had a few drinks at the cash bar. Soon, that Melissa doll walked up in all purple. A purple bow holding the base of her one sided tail, purple eyeliner, purple beads around her neck, a purple sleeveless half top with a violet butterfly central, her beautiful tight abdomen showing, a purple mini (another one of her 14 ones), naked super toned legs and purple high heels. This girl could accessorize.
They walked around, just looking where the various activities would later be. Martin said the rooms were sized according to the normal amount of participants for the particular interest. Each had its own label, such as: Gang, Fist, Take On The Big Man, orgy room 1, orgy room 2, and so on. But, again, few people of any type were around. Martin took his party of four into one of the most tucked away rooms. There he gave everyone a small tab of mescaline. Melissa had tripped numerous times in the past and felt comfortable with such activities. Just as the guys might be wondering about sex enhancement, so was she, especially tonight, in this place.
Though the guys had a few beers spread over the next two hours, Melissa drank no alcohol. She preferred a more pure mescaline effect. And the drug did begin to hit just as the volume of patrons became very noticeable. There must have been 140 or more in the building by 9:30 PM. Most were there as part of a couple. Unlike most similar functions, this one appeared to have enlisted primarily the young and handsome. It was a visual bias, but the standard also considered and chose for the physical conditioning and stamina that was associated with this club's particular activities.
Melissa enjoyed her floating enhanced perception, which included how she saw body parts. And that topic suddenly got quite interesting. All four walked into the 'Fist' area, where about 20 to 30 people were either standing or sitting on the floor. All the visitors were sharply dressed. Men were in the closest thing to dress muscle shirts and pants, with women in great variations of the type of outfit that Melissa was smart enough to pick out for herself.
On a slightly elevated stage section of the room, three very young teenage boys had prepared a very special kind of stockade device. It sat central. Each boy had only a Speedo type bottom on. Melissa's group had arrived just in time to see the boys do a simple drawing of numbers. They held up and called out number 8. A beautiful 67 , 120 pound, blonde raised her right hand while sheepishly smiling as she began to stand up. The rest of the crowd applauded. She was wearing a black tank top, a bare midriff, a black mini, black net thigh highs, and shiny black 6 heels.
She was a very nice vision, as she turned to her male partner. He smiled, raised his eyebrows very high and gave a 'what can I do about it?' gesture. Girls and guys in her own section of the room began applauding again. The blonde nervously approached the stage. When she finally stepped upon the stage, all three boys turned her back around to face the crowd. She continued to be very nervous, now adding a nervous laugh as she faced that crowd. As she stood there, one boy pulled up and off her top, while another unzipped and pulled down and off her skirt. Top and bottom were tossed back to the section where she had been sitting.
After the tosses, they spun her around so that she then had her rear to the audience. Her thin black bikini cut undies had side snaps. One of the boys used both snaps simultaneously and tossed the panties in the same direction as the other clothing. Now, she had only her black net hose and the black heels. The boys had her bend forward, while they spread her ass cheeks for that crowded audience. As one boy started stretching her ass wide, another sat directly under her standing spread and reached up to firmly pull apart her vaginal opening.
After they showed everyone how she looked at this start, they moved her over to the strange stockade. The end facing that crowd had two thick cushions at ankle level. The boys placed her left foot on the outside of the left cushion and her right foot on the outside of the right cushion. Those cushions were there to maintain over a three foot spread. Once the ankles were exactly where they needed to be, the boys spun a shackle out from behind the cushion. Each shackle went completely around her ankle and latched in place. Then they had her lean forward, placing her abdomen over a barrel type pillow. That and the spread popped her ass up high. After she was in that position, one boy grabbed a wide leather belt that was already bolted on his side. He threw the end of it across to his partner, who threaded it under his side of the apparatus, and pulled it snug and latched it through a metal buckle. The table like surface where she laid had holes for her breasts to hang through. As she laid there, wrist straps were put in place and a large, sort of blinder section was placed as a bridge over the back of her neck and along each side of her head; that kept her from seeing the audience or who might be working on her.
When she was finally in place, the third boy produced a pair of specially made devices. At one end was a super sealing suction cup that could suck up tight to fit the ends of most breasts. Her size was just right to immediately be cupped. A silly putty type substance sealed all around. At the other end of the device were large handle bar type grips. One at a time, he placed a cup over each breast. He then connected an electronic suction to a valve just above each handle. He held the suction on long enough to suck each cup extremely tight over each nipple/areola area. Each sealed as well as any commercial suction cup. He needed to test them, so he laid down under the breasts, reached up and grabbed a handle with each hand. He then pulled himself from flat to within about 30 or so degrees of a sitting straight up by using just the handles and her attached breasts. He felt a rock solid connection and a good stretch of her breasts. She screamed when he did that, as much out of surprise as pain.
The other two greased into her ass and vagina with lots of lubricant. While one kept her spread to the max, the other boy started probing her vaginal opening with three, four, then five finger tips. When he got her wide enough, he put the palm of each hand inside her edges and pulled her apart. He kept an increasingly strong pull in place as he moved his hands all around her 360 degrees. For many minutes, he massaged and pulled outward. When he had what he considered a wide enough gap, he stuck his hand directly into her and began fist fucking her. She squealed and shook. The boy underneath her breasts grabbed the suction handles again and pulled himself up again. But this time he just held on in that 'almost' sitting up position. He waited like that while the fist fucker was warming up.
The boy in her vagina was now very roughly deep fisting her, ramming her and twisting his fist for more space. The boy who was holding her spread earlier no longer felt that was necessary. He reached for his own lubricant, got a lot, and shoved it in her ass. He poked, probed and stretched until most of his hand was in. At that moment, the punching strokes into her vagina helped cause the second fist to slip completely into her rectum. Then both fists were brushing by each other inside. Melissa was watching all of this as her mescaline hit. She was in awe.
The blonde beauty's lovely legs quivered all the way down to her ankles; the tips of her stiletto heels were even shaking. At the head of the unique stockade, Melissa noticed that the woman's breasts were still holding the boy in his semi-incline position. His grip on her handles was strong. The boys then started to back off. Her breast handles were released, and the other two slowly pulled out of her bottom. The audience applauded in appreciation. The blonde's date, boyfriend, or husband was one of the persons applauding. Her breasts were hanging an inch or so lower and both her ass and 'pussy' were red gaping holes.
The boys feigned reaching to release the wrist straps, the belt and her ankle shackles. They all paused at each location, and looked to the crowd for an indication of permission to unhook her. At first, there were people giving a sweet satisfactory type of applause. That was slowly replaced by a staggered, but always increasing, "More...more...more." In fact, those who initially applauded a release joined in requesting 'more'. The boys gave a dramatic jerk away of their hands, as if to indicate that they would not think of releasing her now.
On the other side of the blinder, the blonde was muttering, "Oh, my God ".
Those boys knew a good way to intensify the show, and probably finish the girl. The boys began a very purposeful selection.
The boy most up front pointed his finger at certain audience members, "You, you and you."
Melissa was the first one who he pointed at. The other two were a white guy, who looked like a 250 pound football player on steroids, and a, just as big, black man, who looked like he might be on the same team (the Bears?). When the three got to the stage, they were assigned locations. The two guys were positioned at the blonde's rear. Melissa was told to position herself under the handles attached to the woman's breasts.
Melissa, tripping away now, thought this was all very entertaining. She had never messed with a female in any manner. But, this setup, with its strange way of sadistically changing the blonde's breasts, well, it was pushing a button deep within Melissa. She immediately decided to contribute to the show. In order to fit under the table portion of the stockade and not mess up her little mini, she pulled it above her waist. An action that revealed a purple string bikini bottom. The crowd applauded that alone. Melissa had temporarily forgotten about them. She turned and smiled to them, as she sat down and slid herself under the blonde's breasts.
The guys were greased up by this time. The white guy was given the vagina to start on. His hand was twice as large as the boys' hands. Only because of the prep by the boy, he was able to at least get four fingers in at first. Later he got all five in, lubricated his knuckles and slowly stretched her. He was very happy and very intent with his work. The little blonde was huffing, puffing and grunting. One of the boys flagged Melissa and encouraged her to do something. Melissa was so trippy by then that she came around in a sort of 'oh, yeah, I am here for something' response. She looked up at the handles, which were wiggling and shaking according to the motions at the blonde's rear. Melissa reached up, grabbed a handle in each hand, and pulled herself up to the position that she had seen the boy stop at. She actually found herself strangely, that is very strangely, turned on by seeing the breasts stretch out, and by hearing the blonde's moans.
Melissa personally decided that did not sound even close to a painful moan. Of course, it could be, as Melissa suspected, that Melissa had become a drugged sadist. So, as they did so many times a day back at bio sciences, she would test the given hypothesis. She raised her ass off of the floor and straightened out her legs, all while holding the handles tightly to both of her own breasts. Excellent rowing machine form by Melissa Thus, most of her weight was drawing down on the woman's breasts. Now, by golly, Melissa obtained the kind of sounds that were more on the level of those that Melissa had made during the double fuck last night.
'Much better ' 'And, OK, I have verified that I am having a sadistic form of fun.' Melissa was pulled up so close that she could examine even small changes in the blonde's breasts..
The front sections, where the suction cups clamped, were long and pulled thin. At the base of each breast, where they anchored on her chest, a few vessels had burst. Melissa remained hanging with all her weight pulling down.
The big white hand finally slipped in. And the blonde gave more of a yelp this time. He kept his fist still, while the other male participant began to shove his huge hand into her ass. The boy who had done her ass definitely helped widen the way. Still, it took the black man more than five minutes to pop in. The audience was watching all that and the sharp purple thong girl hanging from the blonde's breasts. The two big fists started moving within the blonde's bottom. And the audience loudly applauded, showing appreciation for the contributions of the three audience members who were now on stage.
The boy nearest Melissa leaned over and inquired, "How are you doing?"
"I'm doing fine." And she thought that was very sweet to worry about her, but that she should, perhaps, clarify that she was not getting tired.
She stretched her arms out and then pulled back, repeatedly, essentially doing a series of power pullups. Yes, Melissa was a very fit young woman. That the blonde's breasts stretched more, and that they were bursting more? That just wasn't the point to Melissa. Of course, the audience howled and clapped like crazy. For the blonde's sake, they should not have rewarded Melissa. For she went right back into another set of pullups before settling back down to hanging around.
The guys were fisting her lightly, apparently afraid that they might do damage. And, with those hands, they were right. The visual for the crowd was that of a pair of legs that were almost completely pulled apart. The guys thought that they should pull out. One of the boys supervising her rear thought that they might be interested in one last exercise. He suggested that they try to go ahead and open their fists as much as possible. When they did try that , she really panted, screamed and shook. They opened and closed a few more times, then started slowly pulling out. Both her ass and vulva stretched out grotesquely, as in the infamous scene where a female dog is knotted by the male. Finally, they both unscrewed. Two huge red holes remained. Melissa finally dropped off her end of the project, leaving the woman's breasts truly stretched, at least to a degree, permanently... All three contributors were applauded as they went back to the audience. The sight barrier around the blonde's head was removed, her wrists unstrapped, the belt removed and her ankles unlatched. The boys assisted her to a standing position, and she turned to the audience with red face and makeup running. Even so, she looked cute just standing there exhausted.
Melissa had made her way back to her own three. Martin, Robert and Christopher all smiled as they shook her hand. Martin exclaimed,
"You nearly tore her tits off "
"Ah, she's tough. At least I think so. Anyway, I thought it was incredible. Really, I'm serious."
"Oh, Melissa, you're just cold stoned crazy right now."
"Uh, maybe. Maybe you're right. Maybe. But I did just love pulling someone else's tits like that, especially with her not knowing who is doing it."
At that exact moment, her eyes scanned across the room to where the blonde was slowly piecing herself together. She already had her undies and skirt back on. She was standing there looking at her stretched and bruised breasts. One of her associates pointed at Melissa.
"Oh, shit. Let's go to another area. Quickly "
The next section down was dedicated to gang fucking. Melissa and party stepped through the doorway just in time to see the first gang of six all finishing every hole of a dark Latin or Hispanic woman. They had her up on this room's small stage area, laying over a bench, with one of the last men cumming in her ass. The truly final man came almost immediately after, deep in her throat.
Melissa was using the wild eye pumping mescaline to look around at who had participated. She was pleasantly surprised when she was able to note that the cum dripping and gooey used penises were all quite large. Many shapes, many colors, but all quite large. It was as if her own three fellows were just nice representatives at this event, that all females had to look great, and that the males seemed to be required to look at least good and be hung great. A rather secret, rather elitist, and extremely perverted 'little or no rules' swinging group? And she never suspected that anything like this was so close to campus.
When she stepped through the doorway, Melissa was immediately noticed. As great as all the girls were, this little gymnastic body of hers was not common in 1969. So, she was immediately admired, not only for what nature gave her, but for her conditioning. A yummy combination. While this area prepped for more action, her four person group decided to check another area. Martin wanted Melissa to see the 'Take On The Big Man' area.
That area had a crowd of 20 or so, only because nothing was really happening there. Then after she entered, the sort of MC type guy thought he should make his presentation again. He had already made it several times, with no takers. It was a challenge to any female. Would she be on stage and let an African with a giant penis fuck her? This was not a college student or professional from Nigeria or a similar crossover country. This man was from central Africa.
He was seven foot tall, and pulled away a loin cloth that revealed a penis that looked like a log and was over 16 when soft. Since no one was on stage with him, the MC prepped more by saying that 'this' was the way it almost always went when he got to have a volunteer. The stage lights were dimmed close to black, and a little 8mm loop was projected onto a wall screen. In the loop, it showed him hard, which Melissa had no idea what that length was, and entering a white woman from the missionary angle.
Well greased, he started in and immediately started fucking the woman with what he had in. The edits did long jumps through an unknown amount of time, showing him at various stages. At the end of the loop, the woman was frantically cuming on most of his shaft, seemingly oblivious to the tear that took her vulva almost to her ass. Then the loop ran out and the lights came back up.
Even Melissa looked stunned. "Wow, if they can recruit someone, I would be surprised."
Martin jabbed at Melissa, well, at least verbally, "You mean you're not rushing right up there?"
"Let's check back with the gang room." It was as good as any excuse, to avoid Martin's taunt.
Next door at the gangbang room, their version of their MC was announcing that they would have the next bang soon. He was asking if one of the 'girls' felt like going rounds with the guys. Melissa was unaware, that, just behind her, Martin and Robert were pointing down at the 62 sexpot. The MC pointed at Melissa,
"Miss, something tells me that you might be interested in such attention."
She quickly looked around. Martin, Robert and Christopher were looking straight ahead, expressionless, with their hands now beside them or crossed behind their backs. They gave her the 'you need something?' look of assistance. She gave that sly sex smile of hers.
And with that, she marched through the crowd to the stage. Clapping and whistles accompanied her. The MC took her hand as she stepped on stage. He twirled her around.
"Isn't that something, folks?" Heavy clapping and whistles answered him.
"Do you want to give us your name?" A legitimate question in this building. Some people did not want to give a name, or, at least, a real name.
"Melissa."
"Is this your first time here, Melissa? Because I would remember someone like you, and I don't."
"Yep, first time."
"Well, Melissa, in this room, the woman gets a lot of intense inspection and probing. The guys are our finest volunteers. They all have good equipment and nasty attitudes. The rest of us have a great time watching. The action is all up here, on and around this sturdy and cushy bench. And you can specify the maximum number of guys who might partake. OK?"
"Sounds good so far "
"And Melissa, we need to get some basic understandings done. The guys wear no condoms. They are allowed to pick their favorite target area. And, if they rise to the situation, they are allowed to go at you twice during the evening. And you have to understand..." He looks at the small framed woman, places his hand at the top of her head, and shakes his head wistfully.
"These men have large equipment; some of them have very large equipment. You need to be warned up front that women much bigger than you have gotten rips or tears on occasion. And we just send them to the medic room down the hall for any minor repairs that might be necessary. It's never been more than minor, for the guys aren't really trying to do that. I just wanted to make it clear to you, that is a possibility."
Her sexual smart alec personal S&M preferences kicked in big time.
She increased the excitement in the room by responding with, "And I don't want to purposefully hurt them, either."
And expressive 'ooohs' and a some laughter filled the room.
"Well, well, well... Hey, Melissa, could you, so to say, send us off with a bang and start things with a strip off of that cute outfit?"
The MC started some very well known SW US Latin Rock music, you know, the music with one of the premier guitarists of the world at its lead. And Melissa began her strip. A little dancing, like at her aerobics classes, then the purple top came off, revealing those tight breasts sitting on trim muscular pecs. The audience had already been able to view her fantastic abs. That crowded room was continuously clapping. Then, after a few more cute moves, she reached down and unzipped the side of the purple mini. Dropped it to her ankles, stepped out and tossed it over to where her top laid. Then, everyone had this wonderful view of her in her purple string bikini and purple heels. Immediately, a louder crowd. Not long after, she rolled down and off the bikini bottoms, and stood there with her legs spread and her hands up in a 'Ta-Da' showgirl stance. Some guys almost rushed the stage then, without being invited. The MC palmed all those guys to hold on and hold back. In only her heels, the otherwise completely nude Melissa bowed to the audience.
The MC walked over to her, and with the mike down to his side, told her how very nice she looked. Then he whispered in her ear, asking how many could he send up to work on her. He gave typical ranges, like 6, 8, 10 even, mentioned late and hopelessly, the rare 12. Her answer was quickly given.
"Twelve."
He looked at the little thing again, and asked, "Are...you...sure?"
She grabbed his mike from his side and spoke directly into it.
Very loud over the house speakers, "Yes, I am sure. Twelve of your best, p l e a s e "
In response to that, many males muttered things like 'ah shit, that does it ', and rushed the stage. More were casual, but still heading toward the stage. As they headed on down, the MC startled, abruptly stopped where he was going and what he was going to do. His mind suddenly acknowledged something that he had just seen. He backed up to Melissa and raised her left hand.
Talking into the microphone, "Melissa, is that a wedding band?"
The mike extended to her, "Yes, it is."
"Is he here tonight?" Looking around the room.
"No, he's not here tonight."
"Ohhhhhh, uh huh Does he even know that you are here?"
With her nasty sly smile engaged, "No, he doesn't know."
"All right guys, there is an extra turn on. Still more incentive for you to send this little lady home to hubby more than a little changed "
The MC gathered the fellows all to one wall for management. Melissa swung around to view her workout team. The MC was counting, as she scanned. No one was ugly. Against that wall, there was, what she considered, a broad spectrum of variation in penises. But, if these were anything close to average, and she suspected that they were not, then her husband Tom had a micro penis.
Some were hardening with the thought of fucking what they saw in front of them. Melissa estimated that the very smallest of the group would grow past 8 , at least. The longest were as long as Martin and Robert, growing toward that 12 mark. Straight poles, ultra thick, mushroom heads, crooked, just about everything was over there. One white guy almost struck her as having elephantitis of the penis, until he started lengthening and getting muscular hard. So, that was something else, not elephantitis.
'This is so great seeing these guys lined up to fuck me. Such a nice common goal to have ' were the kind of bitchy thoughts that she was having. Then she thought back to what Martin had said about her drugged state. 'Maybe I am just drugged crazy?' In her brain, she paused for a micro second. 'Nah, I'm sure that I know what I'm doing. I'm sure that I will agree with these same choices, later. I think...'
The MC finished counting. There were 14. Someone, perhaps the last two up there, were going to have to go back to the audience. And, he started to indicate that would be the decision. Melissa stopped him, saying that it was OK. The 14 should stay. The MC looked a little exasperated, but then smiled real big and shook his head.
"Start one or two up, Melissa. The rest will follow the lead." All done with his biggest smile yet.
The little svelte panther walked over to a white guy with a thick one that was approaching, perhaps going past, 10 in length. Yes, indeed, by the time she got there, it had gone past 10 . She smiled into his face, held it, then stroked it and pulled him over to the bench. She sat him down facing the wild crowd. There was lube near the bench, but she needed none yet. She started sliding down onto him. Some guys in the audience could not stand it and had to start jacking while watching. She hesitated slightly near the base, then sat down all the way and kissed him while screwing her tight butt on him.
Another guy came up behind her and gently pushed her forward, putting the one she was screwing down upon the cushioned bench with her on top of him. That second fellow was a black man with a penis that was almost identical to Martin's caliber. He did use the lubricant and started into her ass. Soon the two guys were doing an excellent job of doubling her.
The music drowned out most other stage sounds at this point. They sawed away with intensity for at least 15 minutes. Then, in sort of rapid fire, they both came. She came up looking like she was having a great time. Cum dripped out of both holes, as a third man approached. This was a guy that she had noted earlier, longer than Martin, heavily veined and with a much larger mushroom head. He had her flip over onto her back. She could see this enormous shaft aiming right between her legs. She smiled a nervous smile and fluttered her eye lids. He steadily inserted himself. She was gasping and squealing with this one. He was different. She could verify immediately that he was exceptionally big. He stroked her full length for another 10 to 15 minutes, came in a gushing manner and left her gaping. Melissa felt very strongly that she had Martin, Robert and especially Christopher to thank for their stretching preparations, and that the round the clock large dildo that she had used, along with those three fellows of hers, were the only reasons that she did not split during that last fuck.
Speaking of Martin, Robert and Christopher. They took a look at the line up and decided that her show was going to take up a significant part of the evening. Christopher was the first to say that he wanted to visit the orgy room, where he could grab a mixture of girls to screw. Robert agreed and went with Christopher. Martin stayed a while longer, through at least the next guy.
That next stage assistant was into oral. He wanted Melissa to move away from the bench. He put a towel down on the edge of the stage, and had her get on it with bended knees. He wanted everyone to see him fuck this pretty 'girl's' face. He stuck his wide white penis into her mouth. She began some great tongue work, and finished making him hard. Then he began to fuck her throat. Much frothing, some gagging, but a continuous smooth fuck of her throat. It did look impressive to see that pretty face fucked like that. He was holding onto her hair like bicycle handles as he came. She swallowed almost every bit, then remembered that the crowd might want verification. So, she licked a bit onto her lips, letting the last dribble down her chin. The viewers did seem to appreciate that maneuver. Martin clapped in approval, along with everyone else; then, he left for the orgy room also.
The guy, who she had mentally joked about having elephantitis, was next. And no he did not have such a dysfunctional state, for now he was long and defined. He was, however, like John Holmes of that same era, a rather soft thick. He took Melissa back to the cushion bench. He placed her on her side, with her face toward the audience. Then he picked up her right leg, making her do a high scissors, and started into her sideways. Due to her intense workouts up to that moment, he was able to plop the fat thing into her in less than a minute or so. And he did his deep and wide strokes, varying angle and depth, providing good visuals, and what Melissa considered many excellent orgasms for her. She was very pleasantly surprised with this penis design.
Sixth on the list was another white fellow, with medium width and a quite long straight look. He started off mildly rigid. He stood Melissa up for the crowd, took her closer to them and had her bend over and grab her ankles. A little lube and he was quickly demonstrating a side view of himself going in and out of her in that position. He finally got very hard and straight. I was very entertaining to watch it go in and out with this view. One of those, 'where did that go in her' views. Another 10 to 15 minute fuck that was considerate of everyone's schedule, and then he burst, running down both of her legs. Of course, at this point in the show, it was impossible to say whose goo was actually oozing out.
The next two kept her standing. A stocky white guy had her put her arms around his neck, hop up and stick herself on his already hard and elevated penis. As she slid down on him, a black man, who was very wide, got her ass. They also showed the audience a side view, this one of them sawing Melissa. The method and combination of penises put great stress on that perineum area between the two holes, stretching not only the edges, but sort of pulling it downward and out in addition. Those two got rough. They both were trying to bounce the small woman up into the air as much as they could. It was a good picture for everyone there.
Her head and its long dark hair was flipping all about, and the rowdy crowd seemed to really like how such a double showed off her muscular legs and pronounced muscular butt. When they were through, both of her holes were bright red, pooched out and draining pink tinged ooze. After she was down on her purple heels, they and the MC had her back up closer to the edge of the stage, with her ass directed at the audience.
Then they had her bend over and grab her ankles, which, of course, was always super easy for Melissa. People in the audience were allowed to come up and give close inspection. As they were looking at her "pussy' and ass, she was closely looking at their expressions upside down and listening to the comments. She got the idea that they were happy with the results, so far...
A white number nine took her back to the bench once again. However, he had her get on all fours, then tuck her knees under her and stick her rear back and up high. A perfect level for him to walk right up and poke her. Equipped with a very hard, curved up, and thin 11 , his angle was going to stretch her vagina into a slightly different direction than most other fucks. A balanced exercise program? And he did. Being hard and pointed, he truly poked. His stretching was directly along the backside and height of her vagina. Her reaction to this guy started with her interpreting him as a painful stab. But soon, she adjusted and received him as just another unique variation in a long line of great fucks tonight.
However, his shape did put stress deep in her. And, instead of outside edges, her vaginal pouch was stretched to his new and sharply defined shape, way up high. She was poked and stretched harshly at that specific point. So, by this number nine, she had a ragged vulva and anal edges and a deep vaginal poke. When he came, 10 minutes or so later, he pulled out a slightly pink tip, with her gooey drippings increased once again. Much of that was pink streaked drainage down her inner legs. The audience was always there to clap when they saw a climax of any part of the show.
Number ten, a football player size black man, wanted her to stay in that exact position. But he went for her ass. He lubed up his own 11 , which was slightly less hard but thicker than number nine. He smoothly went right in her dilated ass. As it was for the vagina, this position was intense for the anal root. He apparently was on some sort of drug also. In his case, he had much energy, while remaining very erect. He slid in and out of her ass with increasing frequency. Soon he buried it up to his large balls. It looked like he might even be trying to get them into her too.
A lot of ooohing, aaaahing, ouching, ughs and other variations came from the down under Melissa. But this guy was actually making her cum through an ass fuck She did not know that was possible until that moment. And, maybe twenty minutes later, when he came, she could feel the large penis jerking and, she thought, the warm cum hit her inside. He withdrew, leaving her ass with more ragged red edges and cum starting to spurt out.
Eleven and twelve apparently had worked as a team in the past. They watched all of her fucks closely. They offered only a slight variation, yet still a variation, within those evening performances. One white guy with a fat 10 laid down on the bench with his feet kind of aimed at the audience. Then he had Melissa sit on him, turned around with her face also slightly angled toward that audience. He took her vagina. The other team member wanted oral, so he walked up to Melissa and put his penis in her mouth. Both men fucked away at each end. The MC, knowing that the show was coming down to the last two, changed the look of the show slightly by swinging a small spotlight on the oral portion of this round.
The clarity of Melissa's face fuck was appreciated by the crowded audience. The action certainly helped some people from various parts of the room see better. The guy in her mouth came quickly, oozing out the sides of her mouth (with Melissa's tongue assistance of course). As they had so consistently done about any type, the audience applauded that particular cum. The other, under her, continued to screw away at her. She moved forward and then back and down, in order to help. That produced a pretty intense bang. They kept that up for another five to ten minutes, then he gushed. And with his position, he got most of it returned back to him, making for a thick gooey crotch. Melissa popped up, looking refreshed, perhaps on her second wind. She was going to need it.
For the last two to perform with Melissa tonight had, with good reason, saved themselves for last. Two large black guys, who seemed to know each other well, and who the crowd muttered about and seemed to know, took her to a slanted portion of the bench. One sat back on the slant, then had Melissa sit on him. She was starting down on him with her ass, while he and Melissa faced the audience. She decided he was big, the biggest thing up her ass to date. The other man, who was much bigger than either Martin or Robert, putting them both to shame, started in her vagina. She was thinking that this guy must be related to the 'BIG' guy down the hall. With the two in her, she felt that there really wasn't much room for her.
Everything was pushed out of the way by these guys. They started fucking her, building up to full steam quickly. She was very red in the face, screaming, panting, and with multiple thuds interrupting that breathing. Melissa saw and heard the audience applaud. She watched them give thumbs up and applaud louder for the two fuckers when both of Melissa's holes ripped just a little. The crowd could see her all stretched out, with almost no distance between the holes, and a little bleeding to trace. These fuckers were making her fit them.
They both grabbed her waist simultaneously and ground into her. Much popping, snapping, squeals, even moans came from Melissa. That rowdy crowd was rowdier than ever. They intensely watched these two work, for they had seen them do this before. The one fucking her vagina reached down and spread Melissa's legs gymnast wide. The purple heels were as far apart as they could get.
After that he grabbed Melissa's arms, one at a time, and placed them just under each knee. Melissa understood and grabbed hold of her own leg spread. She knew that they were going to batter her hard. She looked down at her vulva and ass. They were over filled, with a now pink combo of all the previous cum spewing out the sides with each stroke. She knew that for this special round, she was definitely the M, and they were definitely the S.
They wanted to actually split her, and she was going to hold her legs spread wide and let them try their best?? Worst case? Melissa had talked to her friends with children and knew all about episiotomies. She decided that women were repaired between the vulva and ass all the time. She could do as well, if necessary. After all, Melissa was pretty sure that was how the 19 year old African woman had gotten her scars, especially since she had not had a baby. The MC knew what was going to happen and had directed two spots right at her bottom.
Melissa approved. If this was going to happen, then she wanted the crowd to see well. And she leaned back on the guy under her and pulled her legs apart even wider. As the two men started getting serious, Melissa concluded one last abstract, and that was, that this type of action must be why the medic is down the hall
The crowd almost trampled each other, trying to move closer to the stage, so that each might be able to see Melissa's bottom better. The black penises were like pistons plunging in and out of Melissa. The two men started radically twisting and churning up Melissa in assault fashion.
She kept hanging on to her legs, as she tore a little every four or five strokes. The crowd was watching her get bigger directly in front of their eyes. Her vaginal opening was torn the most, with a jagged line headed for her ass. The crowd was whistling, yelling and in a constant rhythm of clapping.
Though her head was usually thrashing around, Melissa would occasionally and momentarily hold it still to check out her condition. She could not help but see the up front section of the audience at such a moment. Even though the two men were pounding her, she gave an extra second of attention to the tightly packed crowd closest to her bottom. There, only a few feet away from her bottom, was the blonde in the black outfit. It was the blonde whose breasts Melissa had stretched. She was yelling for the men to 'Rip her apart ' And she gave the two men a big double thumbs up.
Melissa once again threw her head back onto the guy beneath her. Being the masochistic athlete that she was, she was able to keep holding her legs wide, even while these two men were busy trying to divide them farther. They were in perfect rhythm with the music, as they reamed away. The man in her vagina repositioned himself. He put one large arm in front of each leg, and leaned forward, taking her legs with him. That flipped them up and over her. Then both men screwed even stronger. She was squealing as she ripped a lot. The crowd, especially the blonde, was ecstatic.
But the men weren't done. They pumped her for a while, with a more straight line fuck that was intended for their own steady stimulation. Then as they both got closer to cuming, they paid more attention to the crowd's chants of 'Finish her ". Melissa had been back to orgasms with their straight line fucking. She was not going to waste any of the evening. Still, she could not help but hear the loud crowd chant 'Finish her '. One thought she had, was, that if this were another woman, like, say, the blonde, she would be right up front also, yelling for the guys to do their best.
Another was that she knew what a split would be. She knew that she would get sewn up. With the way Melissa was thinking, it was a certification as a truly 'loose' woman. She had known for quite a while that she would soon be loose by some method and then more easily take big guys. These people screaming for her to be ripped, did not think that she would go away. In fact, they must have figured that Melissa would have to come back, just to get the size of penises that she would need. Of course, all this thinking and figuring, everything since her last consideration of 'Finish her', all that occurred in one of those micro second intervals.
The music was building again, and so were the two men. When it rarely could be heard, ker splop , slurp, foomp, sounds that really did need to be written in cartoon language, were coming out of Melissa. The man on top twisted while bearing down and pushing down, the man underneath had his penis traveling in, up and out, trying to fling Melissa forward. When the men did their final jerking, while cuming, the two forces literally met, suddenly connecting the rip from the vagina with the one coming from her ass. She was really split. The crowd whistled, yelled and clapped its own roar of approval, as the little blonde twirled, doing a sort of Irish stepdance celebration.
The guy on top smoothly pulled out of Melissa's large vertically gaped vagina, and the one under her picked her up and off of his penis. Her ass was slightly oblong, leaning toward that connection with the vagina. He sat her down on the vinyl cushions of the bench. She sat there with her hands on her spread knees, in a sort of jock position. She was keeping that bottom down to minimize bleeding. The MC held up her finger with the wedding band, and said into his microphone something about her having a lot to tell 'hubby'.
She did not have to worry about going to the medic, for he had come to her. He ran over to this gang area, well prepared, when he was told what was happening. He had her hold a large Kotex pad under her as he took her to an adjoining side room that was occasionally used when there was such need.
In there, he reassured her that her meat and muscle beneath was not divided, that, after he did some tight suturing, she would, as she had predicted, have a very well defined episiotomy type line. He numbed her up with Lidocaine, and stitched her perineum tightly, with many fine sutures. This man had obviously done this before, many times. And that was what he was telling her; in addition, he told her that, after a couple of days of ice and a couple of weeks of healing, he expected to see her back here again. He was a nice guy. But he also worked for the house that night and wanted to encourage a quality item like Melissa to surmount her 'little' modification and return to the club. She thanked him with a kiss on his cheek, and told him that she 'owed him.' After her own 14 rounds, that comment to the medic, and, finally, the return of her sly sex smile, she left to watch Martin, Robert and Christopher in the orgy room. Tonight, she knew that she needed to strongly encourage that the complete satisfaction of those three be done in that room, and with other women.
'Well, anyway, just for this night.'