After several weeks of amazing sex with her husband, Dusty would still think back to the college guys that hit spots her husband couldn't touch. Some of those younger guys at the frat party just had bigger cocks than she had ever experienced before.
She found herself thinking back to the hands on her body while she laid naked on the beach, a beach where public nudity is forbidden.
Then later the guy stripping her and fucking her in front of all those people at the beach house party. Later it invoked a savage nympho craving when she and her husband would have spontaneously sex around the house, in the backyard, at his work parking garage when she would pick him up, or on outings in the woods or to the lake. Really anywhere they were mostly out of sight but still had a chance of being caught.
Driving she would imagine what the younger guy jogging on the side of the road or maybe the buff guy at the market might have to offer. She was letting her mind fantasize about fucking these young guys half her age more and more. This all resulted in her wearing less and less to show off her body, keeping a little toy in her car or purse for her alone drives.
Sometimes asking herself, what the guy on the crotch rocket next to her at the red light would think if he looked over and saw her wearing something revealing, maybe topless or even less driving her Jeep. Would he follow her if she asked him too to go behind the Walmart for a quickly? Would he leave her satisfied and naked, "what if he left with my clothes," ran through her mind increasing her excitement.
In her free time, sometimes while working out at the gym on the treadmill or stationary bike while checking out the younger guys, she would browse the internet and order slutty clothing from the cheap Chinese clothing sites. It was so easy to just order items that popped up on her Facebook with a few clicks with her thumbs. It was as if they knew exactly what she wanted and why!
Her purchases included little sleazy dresses, micro miniskirts, revealing and sheer tops. She had no idea where she would be wearing some of them, maybe on her trips in the Jeep exploring back roads for isolated sunny places, searching for access points to the spring fed rivers, out to bars or even shopping.
She bought a few almost obscene bikinis for the beach or the boat that provided minimal coverage at best knowing for most women her age they would be out of the question. She even decided on a few transparent cover-ups she might wear as dresses, also purchased for her adventurous cougar desires. Her lack of modesty and imagination were exacerbating with her fantasies that were keeping her excited and horny throughout the week when her husband was working or out of town.
She just wanted more young cocks in her life, she wanted to be exposed like her husband had convinced her to do at the beach weeks ago, she wanted to be used by the athletic young men she would see when she was out.
One afternoon while at home alone she had come in from the backyard, where she had been sunning naked. She was pouring a glass of sweat ice tea when her phone pinged a UPS delivery. She put on her husband's dress shirt she had been wearing earlier to bring the empty trash cans up, she went to see which of her many orders she was expecting had arrived.
Pulling the envelopes from the mailbox, one of them seemed empty, it weighted nothing, she realized it was the tiny nano bikini she had picked out a few weeks ago.
Excited she dropped her arm holding the shirt closed to rip the package open, not thinking her shirt would open up and expose her should any of the neighbors be out. Inside was a small plastic bag with thin teal strings and tiny patches of matching material hidden among the strings. She headed inside to examine the bag of strings posing as a bikini.
Once inside the house she ripped the plastic bag open to get to the bikini. It was even smaller than the Wicked Weasel bikini her husband had bought for the cruise, the same one she wore to the beach weeks ago.
Tossing the shirt on the floor after taking it off, she stepped into the bottoms. Nothing but strings that formed the whale tail in back the strings came up high over her hips and down to a tiny patch that barely covered her slit in the front. She absolutely loved it, it felt as if she was still naked it was so tiny. The top was just as nonexistent, obviously made for a women with much smaller breasts than her.
She tied a loop in the neck strings and slipped it on. It took a lot of adjusting but she realized this, so called top, would do nothing more than conceal her hard pink nipples, maybe.
She giggled imagining walking on the beach in such a revealing bikini with her husband as guys ogled her near naked body. Stepping over to the mirror she looked at herself, her tanned skin and the thousand freckles that had popped out from the sun. She turned to see the back, one thin strings come out of her butt crack, separating into two up over her hips and a string across her bare back.
The front of the bottoms dip down so low she can see a hint of the top of her slit just from the walk to the mirror, it gave her a shiver thinking how close to being naked she would be if she wore it in public. The two pieces of cloth riding atop her firm 'C' cup boobs covering most of her lite colored areoles, you had to look hard, but yes they were peeking out.
"Fuck this, I am going to the beach for a walk! I'm going to show this shit off!" She said out loud to herself while she was turning back and forth admiring her toned tanned near nude body.
Her hair already in a thick pony tail, she slipped on her flip flops, grabbed her phone, the case that doubled as a wallet, and her keys. She knew there were still a few beach towels in the Jeep, so out the door she went. She didn't bother with a cover up, she didn't even consider one, she was just too worked up and excited, her only thoughts were walking on the public beach wearing so little wanting young guys to ogle and flirt with her.
When she turned out of her neighborhood onto the highway she heard a horn and realized it was directed at her. A guy in a truck next to her almost rear ended a car looking at her. She laughed knowing from the side she had to of looked naked to him. She just gave him an innocent wave and headed for the interstate.
She relished in the feeling that this was ten times better than the towel, hiding her naked body, flapping round a few weeks ago. Dusty was actually showing off much more and she was enjoying the feeling of being so exposed to strangers. The only cover the Jeep provided was a small canvas sun screen top over the two front seats. Her only worry was if she was creating a wet spot in the cloth seat.
Her heart now bounding as she got closer to the beach and just the thought of the attention she was getting driving almost naked increased her excitement.
She was hoping to find the guys she met a few weeks ago from the beach house party. She wanted to take them up of their offered of a private party, but she knew that was far fetched. But the fantasy was quite vivid in her mind.
She was startled back to reality by a big truck next to her, the driver yelling down at her from the window, "Hay Red, show me the rest of those tits!"
She was too excited to just ignore him, reaching down she grabbed the thin string above her right nipple and pulled it away from her body. When she let go it popped back but not quite over her nipple, but rested more to the center of her breasts in her cleavage. She could hear his engine revving and slowing to maintain his view.
She giggled looking down at her exposed nipple and flat stomach, "fuck I look good!" She said out loud, talking to herself again. She kept her arm down to allow the guy to watch her bouncing boob each time she hit a crack in the pavement.
She left it that way even after getting off the interstate and driving the two lane to the barrier island. Deep down hoping those passing her had got a peek at her exposed boob, not that much of either tit was very covered, but just the thought was elevating her excitement.
Being a weekday, traffic is light, she had to pay more attention to her shifting and driving now on the island, not noticing as much if she is being seen.
Turning right passing the many bars and small restaurants on the main road that spans the front beach, she gives a three finger waves back to another Jeep passing her. She giggled seeing a few heads whip back as she passes them when they realized what they just missed.
Going to the same beach access as her last trip, she pulls into the almost empty parking area. Stopping in a spot nearer to the stairs, then backing up into an opening on the other side to make it easier to leave if it gets crowded.
She considers releasing her built up excitement between her legs, but knows people may be in either of the houses on each side of the parking and access area. But her getting arrested wasn't on her to do list. Not to mention how embarrassing it would be if the cops showed up.
She decides to move her top back into place before stepping out onto the sandy parking area, as much as she didn't want too. She stashes her keys under the passenger seat, grabs her phone, a towel along with the Hawaiian Tropical oil then steps out.
She takes a second or two to adjust her bottoms to make sure
she has maximum exposure, like anything less is even possible. Ending up with the tiny bottoms almost invisible once in place.
Dusty then heads to the steps of the boardwalk, the bottoms getting snugged up in her ass crack and between her legs as her slit devoured the thin string, she didn't dare look down.
About halfway over a couple starts up the other side heading toward her. She giggles when the girl elbows the poor guy who is trying not to look at her. This only causes her to put a little extra bounce in her step to make her practically bare tits jiggle a bit more than they already were.
The younger but heavier girl in a very modest black bikini glares at her, "a bit much don't you think?"
"I know right, I wish it was a lot less, don't you?" She laughed knowing that's not what the girl meant, her guy trying not to laugh.
She started to throw her towel over her shoulder but knew it would hide what she came to show off and just carried it in her hand walking towards the ocean then turning right like last time.
She felt just as sexy and desirable as last time she was there, just a bit more on display. Her barely concealed and unsupported boobs swaying and jiggling as she walked. Finally peeking down her left nipple was about to slip free from her tiny top, she just grinned and kept walking leaving it un-checked to do what it wanted. Smiling as she passed people who obviously appreciated her daring exposure.
She enjoyed looking back to catch people doing the same checking out her bare backside.
Ahead were four hunky young guys walking toward her, the prey she was searching for. Dusty was watching them, she smiled when one of them took notice of her walking towards them, alerting the other three.
She shifted a bit to the left into the waters lapping waves flowing in and out, so she could get around them and just walk the beach and continue to show off her body in her new tiny bikini. But the guys did the same thing as they approached her.
"Damn missy, you minds well not even be wearing that shit, you all hanging out of it!" One of them said to her as they stopped in front of her checking her out a bit more.
She laughed, "I'm not... oh my I guess I am!" Looking down at her left boob, the small triangle had moved to the side a bit too far.
She started to reach for her top but the guys all at the same time saying about the same thing, "oh no no leave it you look awesome like that, don't cover up!"
She just giggled wanting to show off as much as she could get away with on the public beach, noticing a few of them looking down at her bikini bottoms, she had no idea what was showing but she liked the interest they were giving her aged body. Leaving her hard nipple exposed for them to ogle.
"You shouldn't be out here walking the beach in that tiny bikini all alone, you want us to walk with you, you know in case the rest of that top moves!"
She laughed at them, "you guys just want to see this old lady's naked body, you're not fooling me, but really I'm just fine!"
"Ole lady, what you talking about, your what, mid possible late twenties at the most." The guys had moved around her at this point into more of a semi circle checking out her bare ass, nothing but a thin string coming up from between her crack.
Giggling, "I'm a bit older than that, but thank you!"
"As much as you are out that bikini, why you even wearing it, I mean damn lady it's about all out there!" Another guy asked her.
She laughed at him, "well I hate tan lines and this isn't a clothing optional beach, but if it were I'd choose optional for sure! I was just going down a bit farther to lay out before having to head back home." Then she disappointed them by placing the tiny narrow panel back over her hard pink nipple.
They all laugh at her answer, one of them suggesting, "you know we were about to head back to work, the trucks down by the pier. There ain't hardly anyone down towards the point, we can extend out lunch hour and walk with you, then you can choose optional if you want!" The other three laughing and agreeing.
She could feel the dampness between her legs increasing at the thought of these guys applying oil to her body like the guys a few weeks ago. She looked back towards the pier, then to the much closer point where the beach wrapped around to the intercoastal waterway. Realizing that maybe this is too much without her husband being in on it, knowing he would at a minimum want to watch her being ogled and groped.
"Well I was concerned about how I was going to reach behind me to get my back covered good with this oil so I wouldn't burn, you know being a ginger, we burn so easy!" She gives them an evil grin.
All four of them offer to apply oil to her back causing her to giggle again. "Lets go a bit farther then, other side of those two girls laying there." She laughed.
"Yeah, ok, let's go," they tell her.
As soon as they start walking, two guys following her right behind her jiggling ass and one guy to each of her sides, the guy on the left offers to untie her top so she can be "more optional" he tells her.
She looks back down the beach, "you sure it's ok to be topless down here?" Acting cautious knowing these guys were already ogling her almost bare body, not to mention the guys she played with before had stripped her of her bikini.
"Oh yeah, this far down you're good, no one will ever check the beach this far down with so few people."
"I'm like almost topless already, this isn't close enough for y'all?" She smiles at the guys knowing she would prefer herself to be naked also, so she could completely expose her tits to them.
"Well what if I pulled this string hanging down your back?" She could feel him tugging on the string across her back.
She looked back at him, "now do you really think that would be proper with me being a quite a bit older than you guys?"
They all laughed, then she felt the strings lunge forward under her arms, as the two small triangles popped to under her chin.
She just giggled, "are you guys trying to strip me? That top barely covered anything, y'all need to stop!"
She smiled at the two girls now watching them, they were giggling as her top sprang away from her jiggling boobs. Both girls in small thongs as well but no where near as small as hers.
"Come on, you're barely wearing anything, can we help you some more?" One of them asked her.
She just laughed at him and pulled the top over her head and free of her pony tail. Continuing to walk down the beach with a wad of strings dangling from between her fingers. "You know this does feel a bit more daring than wearing the top, I guess it's just the thought of being topless maybe?"
"Well it definitely looks hotter that way!" Another tells her, "and seriously are you fibbing about your age cuz I would have never have guessed you're as old as you're implying you are, that would make you about the same age as my mom. My mom's not near as hot as you!"
She laughed, "why would I lie about such a thing, I work hard to look this young!" All four guys jockey to watch her now completely bare boobs jiggling and swaying with each step she takes, even though her top had been covering so little to begin with.
After passing the last people laying out in the sand, she says to them, "I am thinking maybe I could just keep walking and go down around the point and not even lay out, it is getting late, but I do need oil on my skin, would one of you mind?"
She hands the bottle to the tall athletic bi-racial looking guy having already noticed the swell in his dirty work shorts.
She turns her back to him pulling her red pony tail up over her head holding it there with both hands on top of her head. He quickly pours a bit of oil into his hand and passes the bottle. He begins rubbing the oil into her warm freckled skin starting at her shoulders.
She smiles at the guy now holding the bottle of Hawaiian Tropic oil, "I need my front done too!" Giving him a wink.
He just smiles and pours oil into his palm, hands off the bottle then rubs his hands together before starting above her boobs smearing on the oil but goes to her sides avoiding her chest before moving to her tummy!
"I really don't want sunburnt boobs, so if you're doing my front, don't be shy and skip over them, it's ok!"
He moved his hands back up groping both her boobs, spending a lot more time than he had previously. She jumped a bit as he pinched her nipples. "Careful, those are a bit sensitive at the moment for some reason!"
"Sensitive as in you like it?" Repeating the pulling on her nipples with his thumbs and fingers, then rolling them a bit this time.
"Oh shit, yes, that does feel a bit...ohhhh, you got to stop that!"
They all laugh as she squirms a bit, "careful back there, don't get that oil on my bottoms, I just got this bikini!"
"Max, move the strings down so I can get her waist!" The guy behind her says.
She took a breath as the guy standing to the side reached around and took the two thin strings between his fingers and started sliding them down her hips to her upper thighs.
When he lets go she realized the only thing keeping her bottoms on and keeping her slit covered were her inner thighs and her butt cheeks so close together, the sides were drooping on the outside of her legs.
"I don't mean to be forward but, the strings are still, um I can't go lower back here and not get oil on the strings."
She was already excited from the two guys running their hands all over her body, especially her tits, which the guy kept returning too.
"Um, push them lower I guess, if you need too," she giggled.
Max reached down again and pulled the tiny bottoms free of her ass crack, letting it drop to her feet.
"Holy shit, that's what I'm talking about!" The guy holding the oil bottle says to her.
"Damn that's a smooth pussy you got there lady!" The guy in front of her said, holding his hand out for more oil. Then returned his hand to her hips working lower.
She felt the guy behind her sliding a finger between her cheeks to rub the oil on her ass. The guys not noticing she had dropped her head back a bit, biting her lower lips and her eyes were closed.
Then the guy in the front got to her pussy she moved her feet apart a bit, enough to creat an accessible gap between her thighs.
When the guy cupped her pussy she gasped a slight moan, "easy guys, don't get carried away down there, remember I'm old enough to be your mom and you wouldn't do that to her would you?"
The guy behind her laughing with the others, "you're not my mom!" Then ran his finger over her taunt asshole and through the folds of her puffy pussy lips from behind.
"For someone concerned with us being careful, you sure are wet!" As he dipped his wet finger through her oozing opening slipping into her causing her to jump.
"Whoa, legs, just do my legs guys, you're getting a bit too personal down there!"
The guy laughing again each doing a leg getting her to step from the tiny mostly strings bottom moving her feet apart more. "Give me that so I don't loose them!" Reaching down with her free hand.
When the guys started back up her thighs she stopped them when two guys started competing for access you her spread pussy, one of them slipping an oily finger deep into her opening.
Even though she knew how good it would feel she had to tell them, "Come on guys, I am walking to the point if want to accompany me, y'all are just too much for me to stay here in the open like this!"
She was quick to walk away before she changed her mind. Knowing if they kept it up she would be fucking them in front of the two girls who had already been watching the groping, along with whoever else might happen by.
She felt sexy, she felt erotic, her mind swirling, her tiny bikini balled up in her hand as she walking naked along the edge of the water where she could be fined or arrested, followed by four guys half her age that wanted to fuck her brains out if given the chance. Dusty knowing they were quite close to having her just a minute ago, it wouldn't have taken much to convince her.
They walked, feet splashing in the small waves lapping at the shoreline. Continuing around the point until she noticed a few boats moving toward them in the narrow channel of the intracoastal waterway.
"You want to turn around, those boats are getting close," one of the guys offered up to her.
She just giggled, "why? You don't want to share my naked body with them?"
"No not that, I'm ok if you are, I got no issue showing your ass off!" He tells her.
Walking next to the water they were only about forty feet from the first boat passed moving slow through the no wake zone. Close enough she could hear the guy on the boat tell the boats following on the radio, "y'all ain't going to believe this red head up here, get your cameras ready!"
She giggled and waved to the guys on the boat, apparently heading to the cut to head off shore to fish. One of them yelling for her to join them. She just laughed and waved them away.
The next boat moving closer to the bank seeing four guys and what looked like a woman in a very small bikini, the boat move a little closer to the bank, they wanted to see what the first boater was talking about.
"Holy fuck, that bitch is naked!" They heard one of the guys say from the boat.
"Hay baby, come ride with us and leave those youngins behind!"
She laughed, as they pointed phones at her, she just waved letting them video or photograph her naked body, excited to be getting so much attention. She did a turn to let them see her ass as they passed. "Y'all got a babe on your boat, tell her to loose her bikini!"
One of the guys on the boat replies, "not my wife, especially not in front of these guys!"
"Oh but you're videoing her, you're a dick!" They all laugh at her comment, telling her to do it!
The next boat following close behind the second one also had phones pointed at her. The skipper bumping the boat out of gear. They too begged her to join them making her laugh, but giving her ideas for later.
She stood there facing them with her hands shielding the sun from her eyes, "do you guys go out often," she asked.
"During the summer we do, drinking and fishing, want go?"
She giggled, "not today but, what marina do y'all leave from, might want to find you one day."
"Murray's, around about 3 hours before high tide. Just meet us there if you ever wanta go and you can wear what you have on now too!"
She laughed at them, "you want me to show up naked?"
"Fucking a! We don't give a shit! If you're brave enough!" The three guys laughed.
"We got to get going but I might just do that one day, and I might even be naked if you prefer!" Laughing at herself.
"Hell Yeah, that would be awesome!" The current starting to turn their boat, it was bumped into gear to correct its heading then followed behind the other two boats. She could tell they were talking about her.
"We better head back," the bi-racial guy tells her, "no telling who else heard there is a naked lady on the point. Might be marine patrol!"
They all agreed and turned to head back around the point, the guys still in amazement over the incredibly sexy and now naked woman they had encountered and were hanging out with.
Arriving back to where she had left her towel and suntan oil she told the guys she needed to slip back into her bikini before going any farther. She easily stepped into the bottoms, positioning the tiny patch to conceal her now puffy slit, still excited from her exposure to all the guys and the boaters. Max helped her tie the top in place, purposely leaving it a tad loose.
She knew what he had done but had no issues, not really wanting to be covered up, but it would make her legal on the beach.
Walking back, her nipples slipping in and out from under the narrow triangles, the guys begged her to meet them again.
Finally arriving at her boardwalk she told them, "tonight, I'll see if I can make it to the Pearl Club. No promises but I'll try. I got a new dress I want to wear out, the Pearl is the perfect beach bar for it."
Then she turned and headed up the wooden walk. The guys videoing her bare ass walking away. She heard them talking, "can you believe this bitch, she fucking hot as hell, I want to fuck that sweat ass, I can't believe she let us strip her like that." She just giggled to herself, it only increased her heightened excitement knowing the effect she had on these, much younger than her, guys. Almost wishing she had given herself to them.
Once in her Jeep she looked around, she wanted so bad to touch herself. But in the open Jeep it would still be a bad idea should someone see her. Instead she hurried to get on the road home, calling her husband on FaceTime.
He answered with a, "Fuck me! Are you driving naked without me?" He asked seeing her in the tiny top and missing the tinier bottoms hidden by the way she was sitting.
"Almost!" She giggled. "I'm leaving the beach. That new tiny bikini came in and I just had to go try it out! I made a few new friends I think you would like to see me with. Care to join me at the Pearl tonight, I got a new dress and want to let you watch me show it off tonight!"
"Damn, you can show off for me now! Show me the rest of your tits baby!" He beggged.
She made the turn onto the main road off the island, lined with shops, bars, and restaurants. The evening traffic barely moving as many others were trying to get off the island as well.
Stopped, she looked over at her husband on the screen, then toyed with her top, letting him peek at her left nipple, then covering back up. "Like that?"
"No baby, uncover them and show them titties off, hell lift it up or just take it the fuck off!"
"She laughed at his begging, "I can't take it off, I'd never get it back on! And there are people all around me at the minute!"
"I don't give a fuck, let them look, you got some pretty tits, move the top!"
Laughing she glanced over at the couple in the car in the lane to her left looking over at her smiling. "A bit warm today on the beach wasn't it?" She asked them.
The girl laughed, "lady if that bikini was any smaller you'd be naked! But you got the body for it for sure!"
She giggled, "body for the bikini or being naked?" Dusty smiled looking over briefly at the girls husband still watching and listening.
"Oh both for sure!" The guy realized what the question was and yelled from the other side of the truck.
That was all it took, she looked back to her husband watching on the phone and reached up with both hands bring her tiny top up above her breast. "How about now?" She looked back to the couple.
The girl covered her face laughing, "lady your crazy as fuck, I love it!"
The light turned green and cars started moving off the island, the truck staying next to her for a little while. Both of them kept looking over at her exposed boobs and she was loving the attention. "Is that what you wanted, your slutty wife to bare her boobs?" Dusty asked her husband.
"You kidding me, I want to see you fucking driving nude baby, but I'll take it that for now!" He laughed at her, eager to see his beautiful wife as naked as possible in public in the day time.
"You're going to get me arrested, it's broad daylight you pervert!" As she shifted gears in the slow moving beach traffic.
"I'll bail you out, don't you worry about that. Take off the bottoms!"
She moved her legs apart showing him how tiny they were, "it's nothing more than this tiny patch and strings crazy, it doesn't cover anything!" A horn blasts next to her as a guy in a different truck waves at her.
"See that person wants you naked too!" He begs again. "Oh and be ready when I get home, we need to stop on the way out if we are going to the beach again! I want to show you off to a few friends tonight!"
"Maybe next time if you're with me I will get naked for you. I'll meet you at home!" Then she hung up the call with her husband before he talked her into something she might regret.
Dusty started to reach up and fix her top be decided to leave it above her boobs, still getting horn blows and yells from people. She was quite tempted to just untie her top like her husband wanted, realizing that after the walk to the point and back, removing it completely was just more erotic!
She was enjoying the wind blowing across her hard nipples as she drove toward her house on the interstate, keeping an eye out for cops, her fantasy's and mind wheeling from the excitement building between her legs.
The ride seemed to be a lot shorter with her exposed to people, seemed minutes and she turned into her driveway. On the way inside she started pulling her top off as she went through the side door. Once inside and extremely horny she dropped the bottoms and stepped out onto her deck.
Her fingers already slipping over her clit she continued out to the lounge she had been on earlier. She sat down with her knees up and apart enjoying the warm sunshine as she plunged her finger deep into her pussy needing relief.
"Oh fuck I should have did this at the beach and enjoyed being watched. Why didn't you just let those guys fuck you, you're a dumbass, you could have had four dicks, you could have let them have any hole that wanted! Oh shit this is so good, next time he tells me to strip I don't give a fuck, I'll do what he tells..." then she flooded her hand as she continued to splash her juices over her legs and tummy.
After laying there a few minutes she made her way back inside, looking around to see if any neighbors had seen her. Dusty knew she needed to get ready to head out with her husband when he got home.
After a quick shower to get the sand, oil and her own juices off, she touched up her minimal make up. With her spending time with the sun on her face, her freckles continued to pop, so she didn't wear much make up during the summer.
She wrapped her pony tail into a bun on top of her head, then stepped back admiring herself, "fuck I want him to show this shit off tonight and let him watch me being played with!"
She just had to step into her new dress and she would be ready. She pulled the blue shiny satin dress from the shipping bag that had been sitting on her dresser since it arrived in the mail a few days ago.
After holding it up before slipping it on she realized how short it was going to be, shorter than the one she worn to the beach house for the party a few weeks ago. But this one had a plunging center on the front with two narrow panels that made up the halter part of the top that's held up over her chest with a thin chain around her neck.
The chain went up over her shoulders and had an adjustable clasp that hooked behind her neck. Leaving the upper swell and sides of her firm tits exposed.
The minimal skirt portion felt as if it was going to be awfully short as she stepped into it feeling it slide up the back of her thighs and over her bare ass.
The satin material felt amazing as she pulled the two straps up over her breast and reached back to secure the clasp to keep the panels against her chest, and to hold the dress in place, with it latched like it was it felt like the bottom was almost too short.
But for her husband it allowed for the potential opportunity for him to adjust the top. If he elected to loosen the chain clasp hanging down her back it would make the dress cover more of her legs, but also reveal more of her already generously revealed chest. Or if he chose to shorten the chain he could show off more of her ass and maybe her pussy.
Looking at herself in the mirror, this dress like a few others her and her husband had ordered were designed for smaller Chinese women, not full bodied grown ass American chicks.
From the sides and the fact that her breasts had surrendered a bit to gravity with age, she was also showing a lot of her boobs from the sides. Not to mention the center with the narrow panels allowed for probably more than was necessary of her tanned cleavage to be displayed.
She knew her husband was going to love the dress, with the center open to just below her belly button, her ample side boobs showing and her nipples just barely out of sight.
Twisting to check herself out she could feel the two panels moving a little freely over her breasts, she was wondering how easily it would be to expose herself at the bar if she wanted too, knowing she or her husband could lengthen the top of the dresses halter with the chain and clasp.
"Damn baby, you do know your ass cheeks are peeking right?" Her husband said walking into the bed room as she was admiring the front of her dress.
She giggled, "actually no I didn't, is that a problem, I can loosen the chain at my neck if I need too, but then my boobs would totally be out there!" She told him as she turned to face him.
"Oh hell no, I love it just like it is, especially with you tits about to spill out all over those small straps, those boys are going to be hound dogging you all night wanting a piece of that ass!"
"Well I hope to put on a show for you, and maybe I'll get lucky and you can see me fuck someone too! Would you like that, seeing me suck some little boys cock tonight! Maybe in the bar so others can watch too?"
He pulled her close kissing her, slipping his tongue between her lips, he could feel the excitement in her as she returned the kiss. He reaching down grabbing her ass with both hands lifting the loose dress, spreading her cheeks and playing with her sensitive asshole. "You are liking this new game aren't you? I wish we had started it years ago!" He tells her.
"Baby I could have got fucked on the beach today, I had four young studs following me down the beach like puppies, and I was wearing less than what I showed you on the drive home!"
"Wait you were completely naked on the beach again, for them but wouldn't get naked for me?" He gave her an evil grin.
"Yep, and it was exhilarating knowing I had that much control over them younglings!" She giggled.
"Well we need to get going, the guys from work asked me to stop by the sports bar for a drink or two, and they haven't seen the new you, so I figured we'd give it a go on the way to the beach." He told her, still staring at her exposed cleavage and barely covered nipples, in the revealing clubbing dress.
"You sure you're ready for them to see all this, you know they will be hitting on me, and wanting to see more!" She laughed, "and then you will have questions to answer at work next week."
"I'm counting on it!" Slipping a hand between her legs, "feels like you are too! I love the fact you trashed all your panties, I think your admirers do too!" Then he licked his fingers tasting her musky juices.
"I can't help it, you're the one who made me be this way. And I wish you had convinced me earlier too, imagine how much more slutty I'd be by now!"
"Well let's get going so we can go work on your sluttiness, I am quite excited to show you off to the guys, and don't hold back, I don't care what they see. I want them to see all of you like your little boys on the beach!"
Grabbing her phone she walks out the bedroom headed to the front door, "I was more thinking what they could feel, but ok whatever!"
He watched the loose back of the dress bouncing off her ass and doing a little flip, her firm lower cheeks peeking with each step, the clicking heels making her ass swish and jiggle even more.
He hurried to close the front door behind him telling her they should take her jeep, she knew he would say that, it puts her up on a pedestal so the speak. She hiked up her dress a bit, more out of habit, as he holds her arm watching her flash him her ass and pussy as she climbs in.
Her husband just stares at her bare side boob with the halter top more relaxed with her sitting. Her tanned thighs and a bit of her exposed upper hip, the dress not really designed for sitting down. "Good thing you're not wearing panties, that shit would be showing in this dress!" He laughed.
He hurried around not wanting to takes his eyes off his extremely hot and sexy wife in her obscene clubbing dress, enjoying the newly created exhibitionist that moved into her mind, the old conservative wife seems to be long gone now.
The ride was just as thrilling for them both as she would pretend to secretly flash guys who showed interest in her raw display of bare flesh, briefly helping her nipple to slip free from the side of her dress as they headed down the interstate, all the while telling her husband what she was doing and what they were seeing.
Even letting the wind tug the bottom of the dress higher to show more of her bare hip and confirm to the oglers her total lack of panties.
She would giggle and laugh each time she got a reaction out of people, then hold her finger to her lips to tell them not to tell.
It made the ride to the bar seem to go by faster than normal, her husband wheeling into the crowded parking lot, her dress a bit array, but he loved the look.
Slipping out the Jeep unlady like as her husband came around. The dress had rolled up to her hips, she was pulling it down back over her ass. "I am almost nervous, I have gotten used to showing off for the younger guys I don't know. These are going to be friends of ours and your co-workers!"
"You want me to adjust your halter clasp to the dress so it will cover those cheeks?" He offered.
"What's wrong with my cheeks, feels quite sexy knowing they are showing a bit and that there are no panties to conceal what's under it," she told him as her heals started tapping across the parking lot, she looked back over her shoulder at him, determined to expose as much as possible for him.
He just shook his head and followed her to the door, pulling the door open for her to enter. The noise level was quite loud as they stepped inside the crowded sports bar packed with the typical Friday after work crowd.
He was just as excited in a similar way as Dusty, to be showing off his sexy wife to people they knew versus the younger crowd of strangers. Tonight it was their friends, acquaintance, and co-workers, who were more their age. People he knew that had been admiring his conservative wife for years as her body refused to age.
Though he still had the fantasies of watching her letting the younger guys fuck her in front of him and others, he couldn't wait to see his friend's faces when they see his now practically naked wife.
It didn't take long, they didn't even notice him standing behind the 5' 1" gorgeous vixen barely in the blue dress. They were almost to the table where the guys were drinking before they realized he was even following behind her, and she was about to join them.
"Hay guys, we stopped by like I said we would try, let me introduce those of you who don't know her, this is my wife Dusty. We are headed to the Pearl later and she wanted to dress up just a bit." He told the guys from work and others they knew from earlier visits to the bar. A few of them not even looking at him while he was introducing her.
These guys were just as pervy as he expected them to be. They couldn't take their eyes off his wife's chest that was trying desperately to escape from the top of her dress and her tanned legs fully exposed by the short dress. They acted like teenagers seeing boobs for the first time.
One of the guys got up offering her one of the two tall chairs at the table. They all kept an eye peeled as she climbed up on the chair quite unlady like, giving them a hint that there was very little under her extremely short dress, if anything.
Sitting down and getting settled she held an arm across her chest to keep the panels from falling away, pretending to have a little bit of modesty.
She was loving the attention all her new friends were giving her, all hoping for a better peek at her firm boobs or even up the bottom of her daring dress.
The chair turned away from the table gave the guys an unobstructed view of her tanned freckle covered legs, her husband trying to figure out how to help give them a peek of her barely hidden hard nipples. Both her and her husband were enjoying this new twist to their erotic game of exhibitionism.
When one of the guys offered to buy the first round of drinks, her husband got a spiced rum and Coke, Dusty got a margarita. The drinks didn't last long, Dusty wanting to get her buzz going, knowing it would give her an excuse to be a bit more adventurous.
For the next round of drinks, he went go get his own drink, just getting a Pepsi with a lime in it, while his wife continued to drink margaritas, getting more giggly, friendlier and a lot less concerned with the top of her dress as her husbands coworkers and friends continued to ogle her.
She was also beginning to get a bit careless with keeping her knees together, her husband encouraging her by applying a bit of pressure to the inside of her thigh.
She jumped and giggled a bit when he slid his hand up the top her bare thigh sliding the dress a bit higher, before running his little finger through her moist slit, again coaxing her knees apart even more. She didn't dare look down but it felt like she was adequately showing off her smooth shaved slit to the guys.
Her husband smiled seeing her pink areola slipping from under the edge of the left panel when she would reach for her drink or lift it to her lips, a little more and her entire nipple would be exposed. Something the guys had also noticed and were paying a lot of attention too.
Her husband had left her with them again and had just retrieved another round of drinks for her and himself. He watched them as they kept rubbing her shoulders and brushing her thighs.
After setting the drinks down he did a quick check of his sexy wife, those in the right place knowing she's not wearing panties, and each time she twisted her nipple was briefly popping free.
He then excuse himself to go make a phone call, pretending he had gotten an important text. He leaned over giving her a kiss, discretely sliding the other side of the dress as high as it would go.
Then stepped outside, but then quickly returned following another couple back inside. He sat off to the side to just watch. The guys took the opportunity of him being gone to become a lot more daring with his exposed wife.
"So tell me do you have those freckles everywhere? I mean everything that's exposed has those adorable spots."
She just giggled with her, I have had a little too much tequila grin, "well I know my ass is covered in freckles, and I didn't have near as many on my tits last year compared to this year.
She placed two fingers over her right nipple and moved the panel over to show them. Been getting that all over tan now so that makes them pop!" She then covered back up and sipped from her glass of margarita waiting for their response.
"Well damn you didn't have to cover up like that, we wouldn't be offended at all!" One of the tells her.
"You lay out naked in your back yard I take it?" Another asks her.
She twisted a little to look over at him, causing her to spread her knees a bit farther apart, giving the guys in front of her a nice view of her clit and pink folds with her feet on the foot rail. "Back yard, the beach down at the point, in my Jeep when I'm driving, I just love the feeling of no clothes concealing my body and the sun beating down on my body anymore, I guess getting older I have lost my inhibitions!" She laughed sipping her drink again leaving her knees apart.
"Well at your age and a body like that, I can't blame you, and if you don't want to be concealing that body now, please feel free, we would love to see more of your freckles!" Another guy tells her.
She laughed at him along with the other guys, "I can't just strip off my dress in here now can I, what would people think of me!" Although the thought of it did rile up her juices again. Had they asked her to just take it off she would have been tempted with the help of the tequila she had consumed.
"Yeah but the way you are dressed, I doubt your husband would mind now would he, he is the one that slid that dress higher to show off your pussy now wasn't he? You know he talks about you all the time and hot sexy you are when you ride in the jeep minus your bikinis!" Another co-worked tells her.
"Oh really? Wait, I kept my bikini on today and just what does he tell you guys?" Giggling, wanting to show them more of her barely covered body.
"Mostly how hot you are and how you love to show it all off, something about hanging out on the beach naked with college guys, showing off to people like you're almost doing now from under the bottom of that dress."
She shocked them all when she looked down, hiked the dress up a bit higher from under her ass and spread her thighs, "oh my, I guess I am showing a bit much aren't I?" Then laughed, not quite closing her knees all the way leaving the dress up exposing herself to them.
"Yeah you do have freckles down there don't you! And I'm not seeing any tan line either." Said one of the guys staring at her pussy, then places a hand on her upper thigh.
Another looks around for her husband then asks, "what about those tits, can we see those freckles too?" Several guys agree, one of them offering to help move her top over.
"Not sure my husband would approve of me being completely stripped here guys, or maybe he would from the way you guys talk, but he isn't here now is he?" She giggles, the rapid consumption of the tequila is making her slur a bit.
Surrounded by so many guys, others near by can only hear what is being discussed with the slutty wife at the table, several trying to catch a peek.
She just giggled sipping her margarita almost done with it again, one of the guys catches a waitress asking for a refill with a double shot this time. As she was turning the drink up another hand was placed on her other thigh, a bit higher than the other and she just giggled as she set the empty glass on the table.
"You seem to be enjoying yourself Dusty, you ok with the hands on your legs? Don't want to be too touchy or anything." The guy who just placed his hand on her thigh asked, sliding it higher along with her dress pushing up to her hip making her bottomless.
She just giggled, "feels pretty damn good actually, your hands are warm!"
"What about this?" A guy standing to her side asks, slipping his hand under the panel feeling her hard nipple.
She looked over at him giving him an evil grin. The hands on her thighs encouraging her to spread her thighs wider, she easily let them move her knees.
"Show us those tits dude, you're being greedy!" A guy not close enough to reach her tells them.
She just giggled not preventing any of them from touching her yet. "You still good Dusty?"
Enjoying the attention she nods her head yes smiling at them.
Seconds later the chain behind her neck dropped down between her cleavage bringing the two panels to her waist with the rest of her dress. "Holy fuck dude, we can't be stripping her like this, her husband is just outside!" one of the guys watching says to the group.
"I'm not stripped yet, the dress is still on me!" She laughs at them.
The guys all laugh, "you wanta be stripped, you'd look fucking awesome sitting here naked?" The front panels now bunched up in her lap getting in the way of hands trying to play with her exposed pussy.
She just laughs as the hands slide up and down her inner thighs brushing her pussy lips, not having access to much more the way she is sitting. Other hands taking turns playing with her firm tits and nipples.
The waitress sees what's going on and rolls her eyes handing the guy the drink he ordered. After she walks away he hands Dusty the drink.
She feels hands on each side trying to tug her dress off her hips to her thighs, she starts to left her ass to let them.
Taking a sip, and starts to lift her ass, she then hears, "damn baby, you showing off your tits again, fix your dress we got to get going!" Her husband tells her.
The guys all step back a bit, none of them wanting to take responsibility for her being exposed. They weren't helping her to cover up either as she laughs, "me, it was them, you told them I like to get naked. They were just trying to help out!"
He grabs the two chains pulling the panels back up, only to clasp the chain a lot longer than when she arrived. The top of the narrow panels now barely above her hard nipples, leaving most of her firm tits exposed.
"Sorry guys but we got to get going and I apologize for leaving her with y'all to entertain for so long. I hope it wasn't any trouble!"
"No not at all, only problem is these hard cocks now and we couldn't get the dress off her quick enough!" One of the guys tells him laughing.
Her husband helps her off the chair, "better luck next time guy, I am sure she was not stopping you was she?" The back of the dress now draping low enough in the back that the top of her butt crack is showing. Her nice "C" tits jiggled freely when her feet hit the floor.
To his delight one of the panels shifted to the outside of her breast enough leaving her nipple exposed. He smiles and does nothing to cover her back up, instead just stares like the others as he guides her toward the exit with his hand in the middle of her bare back.
He sees her start to reach up, "leave it baby, you look fucking incredible like that!" She giggles taking his hand and squeezing it.
Once outside she tells him, "you have no idea how fucking horny I am right now. Did you see what they were doing to me in there?"
He laughed, "oh yeah, most of it anyway. I realized you were about to loose your dress completely, that's why I came over. I didn't want us to get banned from there. When we get to the Pearl, you can do whatever you want. You can play with the little boys you found on the beach today or find new ones, I just want to be able to see you, no matter what you do, deal?"
She giggled looking over at him, "some young cock would be nice later! I'll do my best to make sure you get to watch everything!"
When they got to the Jeep she pulled him against her and started kissing him, "you want to fuck me first tonight, right here, right now, I don't care if anyone sees us?" Reaching down running her hands over his already hard cock through his shorts.
He kissed her back, tasting the tequila she had consumed earlier, groping her tits that he had freed from her dress. "Oh fuck I want your cock inside me right now," her hands opening his shorts letting them fall to his feet. Him not wearing underwear, she had her hands wrapped around his eight inch cock slowly sliding her hand up and down his shaft.
"If you want it inside you, you got to suck it first baby! But you're going to be naked doing it!" He pulled the chain free of her pony tail and over her head letting the satin dress drop to the ground. He just smiled looking around as cars passed by not eighty feet away.
She wasted no time squatting in front of him with her knees spread, hungrily devouring his stiff dick. He watched as she bobbed up and down, the cars and trucks passing added to his excitement of being so public, his beautiful naked red head wife sucking his cock in a parking lot.
This was again a new experience, on several levels for both of them. But her giving him head in the open in a public parking lot was the kicker.
He held back as long as he could, but she sensed his impending release and pulled away jerking his cock in rapid succession with her mouth open and tongue out to catch his cum. She wanted to watch and feel him splatter her face.
Thick streams of white goo traced her face in streams, only about half of it landing between her lips. They both began to laugh as she wiped a line of cum from her eye lid. "Where the hell did that move come from?" He asked her, having never given her a facial before. She had never been one keen on giving blowjobs to start with.
"You're not the only one that can watch porn!" Was her snappy reply.
He grabbed her hands helping her to her feet, pulling her towards the passenger side opening, "baby, I need my dress!"
Letting go of her hands he told her, "I'll get it, let's get to the beach!"
"Baby, I'm naked and my face is a bit gross!" She giggled.
"Yeah, I'd hate for you to get that on your new dress, you will be fine until we get there." He grinned at her.
He grabbed the dress and stuffed it between the front seat and his door. He stepped into the Jeep and cranked it up looking over at his nude wife in the passenger seat with no way to cover up except her hands.
To his surprise and approval she made no effort to conceal her state of undress, waving at other motorists as they come up on her side of the open Jeep.
"You do realize my pussy is on fire right now, it's taking everything I got not to touch myself!" She cut her eyes over at him, placing her left arm over the back of his seat, her right hand holding the roll bar behind her head, proudly pushing her tits out. The coating across her face now dry and flaking off.
He just smiled at her, grinning ear to ear showing her off.
"Baby, I feel like a damn porn star doing this!" She looked over at him with an evil grin.
Smiling proudly at her, "I was thinking more, what's that site? Voyeured wives, where hot wives show off in public! I should post you on that site!"
"What do you mean by show off? Like what I am doing now?" She asked a bit curious about what he is suggesting.
"It's usually in public places with people around and a hidden camera videoing the woman's adventure so to speak. Sometimes they just get naked for people to look at them, sometimes they bring toys along to entertain those watching, I have seen some where they let guys touch them like you did a few weeks ago, and others have sex some group sex!" He looked over to see her just taking it all in with a smile on her face.
"And you would post videos on me doing all that?" She asked inquisitively.
"Would you be open to doing all that with strangers in public?" His cock growing in his shorts again.
"Why not just do a Onlyfans account, I could do that on my own and make cash!" Smiling at a guy riding next to them on a Harley, the guy doing his best not to run into anything as she was unconscious rubbing herself between her thighs.
"I really don't care as long as you come home to me all horny and want to fuck my brains out!" He laughed, adjusting himself.
"Honestly, it sounds exciting, I like the hidden camera idea, would you help me set it up the first time? And watch from a distance, you seem to like doing that!" She giggled.
He laughed, "I'll see if I can find you some wi-fi spy cams tomorrow, am I allowed to make requests!"
"You know you are turning your wife into a porn star slut, right?" She giggles, moving her knees apart putting her foot on the door opening.
He just smiles looking over at his gorgeous wife riding naked in the Jeep for all to see.
They continued to the island and onto the club. A few people noticing her naked in the Jeep when they arrived. "I sure hope I haven't made a wet spot on the seat, that was fucking wild. And just so you know, I wanted to do this on the way home from the beach today but didn't know if I was brave enough! Next time you ask me, I'll do it and masterbate for people if you ask me too!"
She waited for her husband to bring her dress around to her side before she stepped out of the Jeep.
The parking lot was busy with people arriving at the Pearl Club to party, she was enjoying the cat calls sitting there as people passed her.
He was hoping she would already be out, the parking lot on the beach was much more open and lit up than the bar they just left.
He had become obsessed with wanting people see his wife naked in public. He was imagining her walking to the club just as she was, but knew they wouldn't get away with it.
When he came around he had the dress hanging in his left hand, he extended his right hand to help her from the Jeep. "You are going to give me my dress, right?" She smiled at him not really sure of his intentions.
"Oh course, they would never let you in naked, no matter how much I begged them!" He laughed.
He tried to coax her into stepping out in front of the Jeep where people were walking to the club, but she insisted he help her into the dress between the vehicles where they had parked. Telling him, "I'm not a total Slut, not yet anyway!"
He just laughed walking over to her hoping someone would see her, holding the dress open for her to step into it.
Her husband pulled it up to get the halter over her head and behind her neck leaving the dress a bit higher on her hips, "what you want to show off baby, your ass or these pretty tits of yours?"
Giggling she tells him, "why don't you adjust it like it was when we left the house, then we can adjust the chain later depending on my mood. It feels naughty knowing my cheeks were peeking a bit!"
He just smiled knowing just what he wanted to do, bring the front panels about three inches higher on her chest before fastening the clasp. She was already giggly from all the tequila at the sports bar and didn't realize nor check what her husband had done.
He took her hand and lead her across the parking lot, when they got to the stairs leading up to the deck where the club was he let her go first, following behind her. He had achieved what he had intended, even at ground level more of her cheeks were already showing. Once she had gone up a just few steps he could see the lights of the club between her thighs and could tell there was no sign of the dress on the other side, he knew it was quite possible her pussy was showing to those in front of her looking down from the deck.
He felt his cock twitch again at the thought of his sexy wife being on display to a few thousand people in this college bar. Each step up seemed to expose a bit more of her ass. Once at the top she unconsciously gave the dress a tug down, but it only stayed down momentarily before raising higher again.
When they got to the door, she hurried toward the entrance, smiling back at her husband as she left him, knowing the ladies always get in free. He heard several comments about her ass cheeks showing and her nice tits exposed from the sides making him feel proud of her. The bouncer just smiled at her looking her over then ushered her inside, shaking his head at all her exposure, he was used to it being a college bar on the beach.
Her husband was caught up in the line with the rest of the guys that had to pay the cover charge.
Once he got inside, he knew it was going to be difficult to find her with the dim lighting and her being so short. He noticed there was a lot more bare skin from the younger ladies than he had anticipated. All shapes and sizes of females and he was unsure which way to look seeing all the barely dressed young ladies. Lots of bare backs, legs and assorted cleavage.
He stopped at the bar to get a drink, then went to mingle through the crowded bar in search of his wife. The band that was on stage played a lot of 80's and 90's cover songs. The two guitar players and the singer playing to the ladies in the crowd encouraging them to show off.
He had been searching for his wife a good forty minutes when the band announced this was the last song of the set and invited ladies only to come up on stage to dance with them.
The women started flooding the steps to the stage from both sides. He was still searching the crowd when he caught sight of the red head in the very short blue dress at the top of the steps making her way toward the middle of the stage.
Even from as far away as he was he could see her dress was already way too short, as did the guys below her looking up and cheering for her enjoying the view she was offering, several phones were already pointed up at her.
Even before she had made her way to the stage, he had watched her climbing the steps he could easily make out her lack of panties and bare slit. Now she was near center stage smiling down at the hundreds of college guys below her, all looking up her already extremely short dress.
He did his best to get closer, noticing his wife wasn't the only one up on the stage in a short skirt or dress and no panties.
There was a beautiful lite skinned black chick dancing next to Dusty, a bouncy short skirt that was made shorter in the back by her round ass, her small breast covered by a loose cropped cotton thin strapped top that buttoned up the front. She too was dancing and showing off her ass to the people below her.
Apparently this was a thing with this house band to show off the ladies while playing Morningwoods "Take off your clothes," and the slutty little college girls knew it, dressing accordingly to tease the guys. They knew the assignment!
He watched his wife turning around and bending over, wiggling her ass for the young guys. With all the girls teasing the crowd the lead singer yelled out, "I wanta see some titties!"
The request brought on a chat from the crowd for the women to start flashing breast. Some of the girls immediately exited the stage at that point leaving a good twenty-five to thirty women dancing for the eager crowd cheering them on. Dusty's husband was glad to see the black girl was hanging on.
It didn't take long before a few girls were lifting blouses, lifting bikini tops and pulling down tube type tops and dresses, most just briefly. Of course Dusty had just pulled her top to the sides. Shaking her tits for the guys below her screaming for more. She had to repeatedly move the panels when they would slide back into place.
The cute black chick unbuttoned her little top letting it hang open for the audience. She had cute "b" cup titties and small dark nipples.
A few girls down from his wife and the black girl, he watched two tall skinny blondes trying to undress each other, but keep their own clothes on. One in a short sundress, the other in a mini skirt and bikini top. Neither wanting to give in to being stripped, but also putting on a show exposing the other.
The chat for "tits" turning into "strip" for the blonde with the dress, with her ass to the crowd. Her girl friend trying to get her straps down her arms, her cute small tits flashing in and out of the her top of her lite dress.
Dusty was dancing for the guys below her making them scream for more of her body, even though the dress wasn't really hiding anything. Her dress was hiked up a bit higher now almost to her waist as guys were reaching up for her, her top stayed to the sides with the tension removed from below.
The lead singer yelled to the crowd, "who wants these hot ladies to get naked?"
Of course the crowd screamed, and more girls left the stage. I thick but pretty girl down on the opposite end was in the process of wiggling out of her jean shorts showing off her thong panties. Her big boobs jumping around under her tight black cropped tank top showing off her under boobs.
When the blonde in the dress turned around to shake her ass, they saw her dress had been unzipped to almost her ass, her straps kept threatening to fall from she shoulders with her friends help, each time a strap would fall it would bring a cheer.
Watching his wife, her ass towards the crowd again bent forward a bit, her dress went higher each time she would lean over.
The black girl was closer to Dusty now, many of the shyer girls leaving, she too was bending over lifting her skirt to show nose of her plump round ass, obviously her greatest asset.
The rhythm guitar player moved up next to Dusty, covering his little boom mic and asks her something. She shrugged her shoulders, then he said something else, she smiled and laughed, while shaking her head yes, cupping her face with her hands.
Moving the mic back into place, "you know what would look good!"
He paused and said, "that fucking blue dress on the stage floor!" A cheer went up for her followed by the "strip" chat again, her own husband also yelling for her to loose the dress.
Looking back at the blonde, she was holding her dress up with one hand, trying to untie her friends bikini top with the other. With one arm free of her strap, he couldn't tell but it looked like it had been ripped loose and was hanging down in front of her.
The black girls top now hanging from her left elbow now topless, yelling down to a few guys below her who were apparently encouraging her to keep going.
The call for Dusty to strip was all she needed, he watched her reached back behind her neck and released the clasp. The crowd got louder as she held the dress bunched up around her waist now. Her thick hard nipples a top her firm tits bouncing as she danced, teasing the crowd.
A cheer when up to his right and when he turned to look to see the blondes dress was on the stage, she was trying to cover herself with her hands and her friend was trying to kick the dress into the crowd. When it got close enough it was snatched off the stage and disappeared.
When he looked back over at his wife she was turning back around and her dress was lying in front of the drum platform, she was moving back toward the front edge of the stage.
The thick girl at the other end was teasing the crowd with her thong repeatedly pulling it off her hips, her shorts and top now gone. He was admiring her body, she looked quite hot, and had huge soft jiggling tits.
The guys below the black girl motioning for her to throw her top and skirt down to them. Standing above them she grabbed the bottom of the skirt pulling it up, flashing her smooth black pussy to them and the crowd. The guys below her wanting her to strip it all off.
One of the short cute brunettes he had noticed earlier, not wearing panties and was backed up to the singer. Shaking her head yes, she had moved her hair out the way for him to unzip her dress.
As soon as it was down she made the mistake, or was it intentional, but she went to the front of the stage before turning around and letting her dress fall away revealing a young tight ass outlined with dark tan lines and her very white ass.
When she stepped out of it to turn around, it quickly disappeared from the stage like the last dress did. She just kept dancing not realizing yet her dress had vanished, continuing to bend over to show off her round ass and thick puffy lips from behind. Dusty's husband was pleased to see her boobs were actually bigger than he thought they would be, bigger than his wife's actually with big dark chocolate colored nipples.
A few other girls were topless, that was as far as they were willing go.
When her husband looked back the black girl had dropped her top to one of the guys, he was waving it around like a trophy. She just kept lifting her plaid skirt showing herself off to the cheering crowd.
He had been so distracted he looked back for his wife and she was squatted down with her knees apart on the edge of the stage.
He almost lost his load when he saw guys reaching up touching her spread pussy, she groped her own tits pinching and pulling her hard nipples for the guys below her like she was in a strip club.
The band ended the song, having extended it by repeating a few of the verses to enjoy the women stripping. Dusty and the brunette were talking to the singer and the lead guitarist had the another girl and they all quickly exited toward the back of the stage. Dusty leaving her dress behind.
The other women just left the stage on the own, the cute naked little blonde trying to cover herself with her hands as she went down the steps of the stage. Her friend was no help just laughing at her as they disappeared into the crowded bar.
The black girl slid off the stage into the arms of the two white guys below her, they were all laughing as they faded into the crowd.
He waited over thirty minutes or so for his wife to come back out, watching the side doors and the steps for his naked red headed wife to reappear.
He was finishing off his drink when he saw the heavy brunette come from the back of the stage wearing what looked like a basketball players jersey, open on the sides from her hips up. Her big tits in and out the side openings, she went down the steps and was gone.
Then he saw his wife come out with one of the roadies, he picked up her dress and handed it to her. She was headed across the stage where she had walked up earlier with her dress in hand. That's when she saw her husband walking to meet her at the base of the steps.
She just smiled down at him, he was looking up at her, he could tell her pussy was red and engorged, she had obviously allowed herself to be used back stage, he meet Dusty at the steps. She was still carrying her dress as she came down, she waved to people as they were still cheering and making calls from the crowd waiting for the band to start again.
She reached out to hug him, he immediately noticed she was again wearing a facial and her tits had cum on them as well. "I'm so sorry baby, I know I said you could watch but I didn't know where you were!"
"Well you will be able to tell me about it later, you want to get back in your dress? And maybe get cleaned up?"
She just giggled, "actually no, but I know I have to put the dress on! Is my face covered really good, It feels like it is!"
He laughed at her, "how many guys did that?"
She smirked, "four, the last one was the guy I came out with, they were getting head while the lead guitar player was fucking me. The last guy and I were just behind that curtain there, surprised you didn't see us. I kinda wish it had been more guys back there. You have no idea how it makes me fell wearing it like a badge, I absolutely love it now, it's weird how my preferences for sucking cocks has been altered!"
"Here step into this and I'll latch it for you!" He held her dress open for her, she smelled of sex and tequila.
He reached back to latch it, this time making it as loose as possible, "you want to show off your badge, let's just leave those cum covered tits out there too!"
She giggled, looking down at her nipples not even close to being covered this time. The top of the panels hanging almost to her under boobs. "Ok, you're on your own now, I'll be close by if you need me."
"I sure could use a drink first." She slurred bit.
He laughed at her, "go earn it!"
Her mouth fell open and she laughed at him, "ok, I will!" And when she turned to walk away he saw the back of the dress was exposing a good two or three inches of the top of her ass crack.
The band was coming back on stage, the short brunette was being lead out by the same roadie that brought Dusty out, she was pulling a loose fitting yellow safety vest closed, he heard her tell them, "you could have at least given me a band t-shirt for what I did for all you guys!" It had a Velcro hold on each side, and at the front that was not really holding it closed, it was almost long enough to cover her round curvy ass. Her heavy tits jiggling as she walked off the stage. She was greeted by several other giggling girls and they headed off towards one of the bars.
He hurried to follow his wife as she made her way through the crowded bar, she was quickly intercepted by a group of guys at a table who had been drinking for a while. He heard her tell them, "buy me a drink and I will."
No idea what they had asked or told her, but he smiled seeing them all looking at her exposed tits. Her husband continued to the bar to get himself a drink.
He saw she was making hand motions about her face and tits, she was laughing and shaking her head yes. One of the guys hailed a waitress and appeared to order drinks.
After the waitress left they all talked some more and Dusty saw where her husband was standing watching her. One of the guys pointed at her chest, she giggled and shook her head yes one more time. Guys to each side of her immediately grabbed a tit, groping, pulling and twisting her nipples.
She giggled and looked around to see if anyone was watching. Her being shorter than most of the people around her, they had to be looking to notice. He saw her arch her back, another guy had slid his hand down the back of her dress, he laughed wondering if the guy knew what his fingers were playing in.
That's when the waitress returned with a margarita and several beers on a tray. She laughed and pointed to her, then pointed to the stage. Dusty just shook her head yes laughing. The waitress covered her face laughing as the guys continued to grope her tits and down the back of her dress.
When the waitress finally left and Dusty drank about half the margarita, she said something to them again making a motion with her hands over her face. The guys all laughed and shook their heads yes. Dusty looked around again, took another sip of her drink then disappeared under the table.
In only a few minutes a girl at another table gasped and pointed down under the table showing her friends. They giggled and point phones toward the table Dusty was under.
He could tell which guy she was blowing as their hips moved like each one in turn was fucking her mouth.
Her husband had to keep adjusting and looking away to keep from cumming in his pants, he could somewhat see her, almost able to make out exactly what his wife was doing, be he knew and her dress was amuck.
For the next forty minutes or so the five guys swapped place, they moved around looking down under the table. Some guys helping her by reaching down appearing to be holding her head or pony tail to fuck her face.
When she finally come out from under the table she was holding her dress up around her waist, her halter no longer in place. But in the dim light he could see she was quite nasty, her face and chest dripping in white streams of gooey cum deposited by the younger guys.
She turned around and one of the guys helped her replaced the straps and latched her halter a bit tighter than her husband had earlier, but still most of her boobs were exposed. She smiled and said something to them, grabbed her drink and walked away.
He followed her, watching women gasp and make nasty faces, guys laughing and pointing, some smiling and nodding approval of her appearance.
Catching up to her near one of the bars at the rear of the club he calls to her, "baby, where you going?"
When she turned around he sees what a mess the guys had made of her chest and face. "Baby, you really need to go clean up, that's just gross," pointing towards the ladies room, but snapping a few pictures of her first.
"I was looking for you, those guys were a bit ruff, my jaws hurt and the back of my throat feels bruised.
One of those guys was just too big, and he didn't care, he made me take it all down my throat." He guided her towards the restrooms as she downed the rest of the drink.
"I'll get you another margarita and meet you right back here!" He told her.
She agreed and headed to the ladies room.
After returning to the hallway after a visit to the bar, he waited while she made herself a bit more presentable.
Looking in the mirror she realized he was right, she began using several paper towels to remove the spunk from her face, hair and chest. Her make up and hair a total mess and there was nothing she could do about either.
When she finally rejoined him he asked if she was done for the night. She giggled, "I'd still like to find a nice young cock so you can watch me get fucked, but those last guys were a bit wild. I think I'll just come back another night if that's ok with you."
Her husband admiring her tits, mostly out her top. He was waiting for her always hard nipples to peek out while she finished her drink before leaving. "Why don't you just make your way towards the door, but take the long way and really show off that body for me?"
She giggled, "how much you want me to show?" Then she walked away, her tanned back was bare except the gold chain and the clasp hanging from her neck. He watched as she reached back, her fingers messing with the clasp.
He loved watching the heads turn as she made her way through the crowd obviously taking her time and weaving among the tables flirting with guys who would call out to her.
That's when he saw the gold chains sliding from her back and over her shoulders to the front. When she turned to see if he was still watching, he saw she was holding the two panels in place with one arm, the chains dangling to her sides, her other hand holding the margarita.
It didn't take long before guys were stopping her wanting to chat and get a peek. Her husband just hanging back to watch. He smiled seeing her let the left panel drop lower exposing more of her tit, her arm making a feeble attempt at covering her hard pink nipple.
He was a bit surprised to see the guy reach up and pull her arm down lower, laughing telling her something.
She just laughed and stood there chatting with him and his friends. One of them pointed to the stage, she seems to have made an impression on a lot of people earlier in the evening.
He asked her something else. She shook her head "yes" to the question he asked her. Then she shrugged her shoulders, looking back at her husband again giving him a smile.
A few more guys gathered around her while the guys were chatting her up, they had all obviously recognized her as the hottie cougar that had stripped off her dress on the stage and they liked what they saw up there and now in front of them.
She laughed again and turned around with her ass to them, then shook it for them. She saw her husband had moved closer. He mouthed to her, "more baby!"
She turned back around, taking a drink of her margarita, lowering her arm a bit more to below her covered tit, letting the panel drape over her arm revealing her other breast to the guys then pushing both her tits up higher.
The guys notice and give their approval, she tries to act embarrassed and uses her other hand to grab the panel below her arm with her hand while still holding her drink. This intentional move allowed the panel to fall even lower as she tugged the dress up higher to attempt to recover her exposed boob she just exposed to them.
Acting or being quite a bit buzzed, the only thing she accomplished was bringing the bottom of her dress higher on her hips.
Her husband could tell with most of her ass exposed from his vantage point, her pussy had to be exposed to them. The guys all laughed at whatever she told them, her hand holding a handful of the dress making a feeble attempt to keep both her tits covered while at the same time exposing more of her ass and pussy.
She shook her head no again, one of them asking her something. Another guy on the other side asked something and she looked his way. She said something back and he held up a piece of paper money. She looked back at her husband then smiling she turned back to the guy. Pausing she then sipped her drink again and then reached out with the hand holding her dress against her chest.
The guys all cheered as her dress dropped to the floor when she took the bill from his hand. Laughing she did a turn for them then reached down grabbing her dress from the floor.
Her husband watched as she stood up holding the dress partially against her chest leaving her left tit, back and ass bare. She apparently had stepped out of her dress as she did her turn. Sipping her drink again she heads towards the door passing the dance floor.
He was again swelling with pride watching his beautiful mostly naked forty year old wife turning heads.
She made it out the door, the bouncers just staring at her as she descended the stairs to the sidewalk. She's not the first one to leave naked, it happens when that band plays there. Others arriving gawking at the short sexy mostly nude red head leaving the club.
When they got to the Jeep she tossed her dress in the back of the Jeep, then pulled him to her, kissing him passionately. "It's my turn, you're going to eat me until I cover your face this time!"
She slid up onto the edge of the drivers seat with her feet on the edge of the opening, spreading her legs as she pulled his face between her legs.
He wasted no time going down on his wife, she was squirming in no time humping his tongue as he tried to lick her as deep as he could. It didn't take him long to realize he was enjoying the cum from several guys that had fucked his wife earlier. He could hear her getting quite vocal, "oh fuck yeah, that's it, eat that cum out of my pussy, yeah right there, oh my God, yes, oh make me cum!"
He could care less about people walking by, just the thought of it made it all the more exciting. Knowing his beautiful wife was on full display while he was going down on her.
She had a tight hand full of his hair driving his face where she wanted his tongue. He heard a woman's voice, "oh damn, someone needs to get a room." Followed by a guy saying, "that pretty damn hot, I'd do that to you on the tail gate!"
"Ohhhhhhh fuck!!!" He felt like she was pissing in his mouth when she let go. Soaking his shirt as she pulled his face into her pussy while she continued humping his face.
"Oh that felt good now fuck me! I want you inside me now!" He wasn't about to argue, he was beyond caring or having modesty, this is a fantasy he had only dreamt of, dropping his shorts letting his already raging hard cock loose.
Hooking her knees he pulled her forward off the seat a bit and easily penetrating her well lubricated pussy.
Two guys walking past stopped to watch them, "damn, this is better than porn hub!" One of them commented.
The other laughing and pointing his phone at them, "video or it didn't happen bro!"
Dusty just giving them an evil grin for the camera as her tits bounced in rhythm to her husband's thrusts. Again getting vocal as he hit the right spots making her try to push back without falling to the ground holding herself up on the edge of the door.
"Oh fuck, from behind, fuck me from behind, let me down!" She was begging him.
He pulled out and helped her from the Jeep. She grabbed the seat bending over, making sure the guys videoing had a good view of her naked body being used.
One of the guys says, "damn dude she hot as fuck, you sharing tonight?"
Before he could answer she looked back over her shoulder, "hell yeah, come here and use my mouth!" She shifted around still hanging onto the side of the Jeep.
He walked over smiling at his friend, "this is fucking crazy dude!"Pulling his cock out as he got closer.
She reached out taking hold of him, hungry to get him in her mouth. His friend moving to get a better angle while he videoed them both using her. The guy she was blowing reaches for her pony tail to control how deep he was pushing his dick down her throat. "Dude, this chick is taking it all without a gag! She's fucking wild!"
Her husband couldn't take it any longer watching the guy pushing his meaty cock down his wife's throat. As soon as he loaded her pussy with his cum the guy videoing handed the phone to her husband, "my turn!"
Without pulling his shorts back up, he had stepped out of them, he took over videoing his wife getting gangbanged. The guy hurriedly gave his cock a few strokes and pushed into her dripping pussy.
He heard people behind him and turned to look, two couples had happened by and were watching. The girls giggling, one telling the other, "yeah that's the one who stripped on the stage, I love her style, I'd do her too!"
The guy telling her, "yeah you should have had your cute ass up there with her! I'd love to see you stripping like her!"
"You would have shit had I got up there!" She snapped back.
They all laughed at her comment, the guy with her friend telling her, "now I'd like to watch that, you got a smoking body!"
About that time the guy fucking her mouth grunted, obviously filling her throat, pulling her face tight against his groin. She came up gasping for air, white goo dripping from the sides of her mouth.
He stepped away zipping up while his friend continued to fuck her from behind.
Her husband handed the phone to the guy that just finished and retrieved his shorts slipping back into them. She had her head tilted back, mouth open enjoying the dick being pounded into her pussy.
The guy videoing asked, "do you know this chick or did you just pick her up in the bar?"
"Oh I know her well, I brought her here, she likes to show off her body and fuck!"
The guy fucking her started pounding faster, Dusty could feel him swelling, pulled him out and dropped to her knees. They all watched as she finished him off with her hands as he splattered her face one last time for the evening.
There were several comments of approval coming from her audience. The guy was still videoing her face and tits covered in cum.
She stood up and walked to the passenger side of the Jeep licking the cum from her fingers. "I'm ready to go now baby, take me home!" They watched her climb into the open jeep still naked not seeming to care, leaning back appearing to be spent from her adventure.
Dusty's husband handed one of the guys his card, "if you would send me that video, I know her husband would love to watch it, I might even post it Pornhub for him to see if your ok with that!"
Her husband was just as satisfied with his wife's performance and he knew it would be one he would pleasure himself over and over, for many years to come, when he was off on his business trips.
As the guy walked away he turned to her husband, "be sure and send me the link if you do!"
"I promise!" And they headed home with her on display in the front seat of the Jeep.