Nick was looking forward to his next encounter with Sandra. He actually took his bosses advice and for the first time ever, got to work early. Getting to work early paid off, because he didn't even see Barbara.
Nick rushed through the other rooms so he could spend more time with Sandra. He didn't know when she'd be going home and he wanted to spend as much time with her as he could, even if he couldn't fuck her.
Truth be told, she gave him the best blowjob he'd ever had. Way better than the girls on compass. Also he loved the taste of her breast milk. Just thinking about it was getting him hard.
Nick opened the door to 208 and said, "Hello ma'am, are you ready for another cleaning?"
The room was empty. No Sandra or any of her stuff. Even the breast pumping machine was gone.
Oh well, I had fun yesterday, Nick thought to himself. He set about cleaning the room and was just about to leave when the door opened.
"Oh good, I thought I might miss you," Sandra said.
"Sandra, where'd you go?"
"They moved me to another room. I'm in 310 now. Plus I'm going home tomorrow."
"Oh great!" Nick sighed.
"Why? What's wrong?"
"That's not my area. Barbara will kill me if I go to another zone."
"Well you're an intelligent guy, I'm sure you'll figure out a way to come up there without getting caught," Sandra said. Then leaned in and whispered in his ear, "I'll make it worth your while."
Nick suddenly had the urge to kiss her, so he did. After a couple of minutes she pushed him away. "Later," she said. Then she reached out and rubbed his crotch. "But not too late."
Nick opened the door to find a very angry Barbara standing there.
"Shit!" Nick exclaimed. "What the hell?"
"What the hell is right," Barbara said. "What's she doing here?"
Nick started to sweat. As much as he hated this job, he needed it. But no good excuse came to him.
"Well, since I was in this room yesterday, when I went to the vending machine to get a soda, I automatically came back to this room," Sandra said.
"Soda huh?" Barbara said in a I don't believe you tone of voice. Then she pushed past the two of them, using her big boobs as always, and looked in the trash can.
"No empty soda can in here," commented Barbara. "And nothing in your hands either."
"Couldn't find anything," Sandra responded.
"Really, nothing at all? We have just about every kind of soda there is, plus juice and those energy drinks."
"I guess I must have changed my mind," Sandra countered.
Barbara looked Sandra up and down. With her long, black hair, deep blue eyes, and great body, it was easy to tell she was jealous.
"You, go back to your room," Barbara said pointing to Sandra. "You, finish your rounds," she said pointing to Nick.
"I'd actually like Nick to escort me back to my room. I'd hate to get lost again or worse, have an accident that my husband's law firm, would have to investigate," Sandra said.
"Fine, but be quick about it. He still has rooms to clean."
As soon as they were in the room, Nick removed her shirt and took off her bra. Then he started sucking on her breasts and flicking the nipples. She had pumped earlier, but milk still came out, just not very much. He was just about to remove her pants when the door burst open, making both of them jump.
"I knew it!" Barbara shouted. "I knew you two were up to something."
"What the hell!" Nick said again.
"You are so fired, buddy. But first I'm going to do what I promised," Barbara said, grabbing Nick and taking off his pants and bending him across her lap.
"What do you think your doing?" Asked a shocked Sandra.
"Shut up bitch, or I'll tell Daddy Warbucks about your little fling with college boy here."
Barbara spanked Nick's ass hard with her hand until his butt was a nice shade of pink. Nick, not wanting to give his boss the satisfaction of knowing it hurt, which it did, didn't make a sound. Although he was getting aroused by it.
When Barbara was done, she stood Nick up and turned him to face her. "Sick pervert, you do like getting spanked," she replied, grabbing his cock and giving it a few strokes.
She let go of Nick's cock and grabbed Sandra. "Your turn. Off with those pants or I tell hubby."
"Wait What? You'd better not," Sandra protested. But it was no use. Before she knew it, her pants and panties were down and she was getting a spanking on her ass.
Nick wasn't sure what to look at, Sandra's ass or Barbara's boobs. She was leaning over Sandra to hold her in place, which gave him a better view of her enormous breasts, but Sandra was squirming around so much, that he could clearly see her asshole.
"God, you two are perfect for each other, you're hard and you're wet," Barbara said, stroking Nicks cock and rubbing Sandra's pussy.
"Well, go on and do what you came here to do," Barbara said.
"What are you going to do?" Nick asked.
"Watch," Barbara replied.
"Who's the pervert now?" Nick asked.
"Watch it, Nick," Barbara said, giving his balls a slight squeeze.
"Ow," Nick cried out. "I mean it's perfectly normal for my boss to watch me have sex with a new mom at the hospital where I work."
Nick got between Sandra's legs and started licking her pussy. Soon she was moaning.
"Stop!" Barbara said. "Get on all fours," she told Sandra. She did.
"Now lick her from behind." Nick followed the instructions. "Now lick her asshole."
"What?" Nick asked. Barbara reached down and squeezed his balls again.
"Okay, okay," Nick relented. It wasn't as bad as he thought it would be. It was actually kind of cool. And from the noises Sandra was making, she was enjoying it too.
The whole time Nick was doing this, Barbara was stroking his cock. Apparently, she wasn't just going to be a bystander.
After a few minutes of this, Barbara made Sandra suck Nick's cock and lick his asshole too.
Next Barbara directed them into a sixty-nine. Nick was on top and Barbara started tickling his balls and asshole with her fingernails. It was both arousing and distracting at the same time. Then she made them roll over so Sandra was on top and she tickled her asshole too.
Nick had enough of this. He wanted to finish up and get away from his crazy boss. He started really sucking on Sandra's clit. She soon figured out what he was up to and increased her tongue pressure on his cock too. Soon they were both coming.
"Damn!" Barbara said. "I wanted to watch you fuck her."
"I cant," Nick replied. "She just had a baby and is still sore down there."
"I don't care. You're going to fuck her before either of you leaves this room."
"Fuck you, bitch!" Nick said and boy did that feel good. "Now it's payback time. Sandra grab her!"
"Hey let go of me!" Shouted a surprised Barbara.
It was pretty easy to strip Barbara of her clothes. She was wearing a skirt, which Sandra unzipped and removed while Nick held her down across their laps. Then Sandra removed her pantyhose. She wasn't wearing panties. Then they flipped her over so she was face up.
"Look at her pussy, Nick It's all wet," Sandra said.
Nick looked over, then brought his hand down and ran a finger over her pussy. It came away wet.
"My, my, my, somebody really does like to watch," Nick said, then slipped his finger inside Barbara's pussy. He nodded to Sandra to do the same thing. She did.
Barbara watched in horror as Nick offered Sandra his finger covered in her juice, while Sandra did the same. Soon they were sucking her pussy juice from each other's fingers.
"Mmm, mmm. Finger licking good," Nick said, which caused Sandra to laugh. Barbara was mortified.
Nick unbuttoned her jacket, and removed it, then he pulled her shirt up and off. Barbara's bra matched her outfit. It was blue and see through. Her big nipples were rock hard and pushing against the thing material.
"Does it open in the front or the back?" Nick asked, tracing the outline of the bra, but paying attention to the hard nipples.
"The back," Barbara said.
"Are you sure?" Nick asked, giving her nipples a rough pinch.
"Ow, yes!" Barbara said.
"Oh, I guess your nipples are about as sensitive as my balls are," Nick replied, pinching her nipples again.
Sandra giggled.
They flipped her over and Nick removed her bra. He was dying to see those breasts out in the open, but he had a couple more things to do first.
"Let's see if you like getting a spanking as much as you like giving them," Nick said.
"Sandra, do you want to go first?"
"I'd love to."
Each smack of Sandra's hand made Barbara's ass jiggle. This along with Barbara's boobs pressed against his cock, made it rock hard. He was, by default, titty fucking her. He didn't mind one bit.
Then it was his turn. After they had finished with the spanking, Sandra suggested they see if her asshole was ticklish. It was. Then they started tickling Barbara all over, but soon stopped because it was too hard to hold her down. But it did give Nick an idea. He whispered in Sandra's ear and she nodded.
Using her jacket, bra and pantyhose, now cut in two, thanks to Nicks knife, they secured Barbara to the bed face up.
Then they proceeded to tickle the shit out of her.
Her underarms, stomach, and the inside of her thighs were the most ticklish spots. At first they just used their fingers, but quickly moved on to pretty much any object they could find, including the feather duster from Nick's cleaning cart. Pulling the feather duster apart, they each had two feathers in each hand. Nick tickled Barbara's rock hard nipples, while Sandra tickled her pussy and clit.
Poor Barbara didn't know whether to laugh, cry or come. Nick's goal was to make her do all three, hopefully at the same time.
Nick started sucking on Barbara's boobs. Not just the nipples, but the actual boobs themselves, leaving a few hickies in his wake. Then he moved down to her pussy. He slid two fingers inside her and started licking and sucking on her clit. Meanwhile, Sandra was sucking on Barbara's nipples and tickling her underarms too.
Then she made Barbara suck her boobs and taste her milk.
"So Barbara, what's it going to be, tickling, or fucking?" Nick asked.
"Neither," Barbara replied.
"Not an option," Nick said and started tickling her again.
After a few minutes of this Barbara said, "Okay, you can fuck me, just stop tickling me."
Nick easily slid his hard cock into her soaking pussy, while Sandra sucked on her breasts and nipples and rubbed her clit.
Barbara soon started having a huge orgasm and clamped down on Nick's cock causing him to shoot a massive load inside her.
Sandra immediately climbed on top of Barbara as soon as Nick pulled out and started licking her pussy and their combined juices.
"Lick her pussy," Nick told Barbara.
Barbara shook her head. Nick started to tickle her.
"Okay, okay," Barbara relented. And started licking Sandra's pussy.
After a few minutes, Sandra sat up and said, "Now my asshole."
Barbara had no choice but to do it. She was seriously considering her life choices, like forcing people to do stuff, that they were now forcing her to do. I guess that's Karma.
Soon she felt a tongue in her pussy, then her own asshole. She moaned.
"Feels good right?" Nick asked. Soon both women were coming.
Next it was Nick's turn. He made Barbara lick his asshole. Sandra started sucking his cock and got him hard. He turned around so that Barbara was now blowing him while Sandra licked his asshole.
Soon Nick was cumming in Barbara's mouth. She wasn't as good at swallowing as Sandra, as some of it leaked out. That was okay. She still gave a decent blowjob.
Barbara watched Nick and Sandra get dressed. As they neared the door she said, "Hey, what about me?"
"Oh yeah. A couple things. First you'd be a lot happier and have more friends and even a nice relationship with some guy if you were nicer. Basically be less of a bitch. Second, stop blaming everyone for your looks. That's on you. You have to be happy with who you are and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. And finally, I know you said I was fired, but I quit instead. I'm going to start my own cleaning business and not ever work for anyone again."
"I have a couple things of my own to add," Sandra said. "I don't think you've been punished nearly enough so here's my parting gift." Sandra took a felt pen out if her purse and wrote "Please tickle me" on Barbara's stomach. Then she took Barbara's shirt and put it over her head so that it covered her eyes like a blindfold.
"We'll be sure and let everyone know you're up here so they can come and pay their respects." Nick said.
"I'll get you for this! Both of you!" Barbara shouted.
"Oh, one more thing I meant to tell you," Nick said.
"What?"
"You really do have great boobs," he replied, sucking each noon one last time.
"Remember," Sandra said, tickling Barbara's stomach, "laughter really is the best medicine."
As Nick and Sandra walked down the hall a maintenance man asked Nick if he knew where Barbara was.
"310," Nick replied. "Why?"
"That bitch wrote me up for being late last week. I'm going to give her a piece of my mind."
As they rode the elevator down, the sound of Barbara's laughter followed them like a lingering ghost.