The carriage finally arrived at the capital city. Emma looked out at the amazing metropolis in all of its sprawling glory. She had never seen anything as impressive in her entire life.
Emma was just a village girl, and the biggest buildings she had ever seen were the countryside's mills next to the rivers. The Kingdom's capital city, meanwhile, was surrounded by walls ten times the height of her region's tallest mill. Her breath was taken away.
She turned to Arys and Peter. Her childhood best friends. Emma was a tomboy and always had been one. She had never been friends with girls. She had always loved fighting and playing at sword duels with the boys in her village. Ever since they were young, Arys, Peter and her were inseparable. Emma the redhead, Arys the blonde and Peter the brown, each was recognizable for his traits, though all three were fit and athletic youngsters of 19 years old with similar body types: that of healthy young people who worked the fields and walked alot.
Emma looked like just one of the boys. She always had her long red hair tied in a bun, and no one could really tell she was a girl because of her masculine clothing and masculine demeanor. At the end of the day, she was never treated as the trio's "girl", she was just one of the boys and the other two practically always forgot her gender. They probably thought of her as a guy for all intents and purposes.
"I can't believe we're finally in the capital city!" Arys said.
"I can't believe we're finally going to join the town's watch!" Peter added.
Emma had to contain her excitement. "Our wish came true, guys," she said. Years ago, at the age of 14, all three had sworn that they would join the city's town watch together. They were tired of ploughing the field and living the countryside life. All three had spent their childhoods adventuring in the forests and wrestling. They were fighters and adventurers. They were meant to carry swords and fight for the innocents in the city, and they were meant to do it together: the inseparable trio of best friends since childhood.
"I can't wait to see how good the armor is gonna look on us," Arys said, all excited.
Emma could already imagine herself wearing that town guard armor alongside her friends, wearing that iron armor and helmet that was the mark of the protectors of the city.
"I bet we'll beat up bandits," Peter said.
"Or storm drug dealer compounds," Emma said.
"We'll chase thieves together and catch them. Emma is the lightest, you could go on the roofs and jump on the running thieves and smash them to the ground!"
The three friends clapped with excitement. They couldn't wait to be introduced to their adventures in the city as town guards. Finally, their boring countryside life was over. Now they could become the trio of heroes they had always dreamed of being.
The carriage stopped in the middle of the city's bustling marketplace, and from there, Emma, Peter and Arys walked to the great watchtower not far from where they were. The great watchtower in the city was a tall fortress where the town's guard operated, and they were always looking for more recruits to keep the streets safe. The pay was good, and adventures were aplenty there.
The three friends reached the great watchtower of the Town's Guard and walked up the stairs. There, they were greeted by a handsome blonde guard in his early twenties wearing the proud armor of the Watch.
"Ah, new recruits I see!" he said, welcoming the youngsters at his doorstep. "Here to join the capital city's town watch?"
"Yes!" Emma said excitedly. "We've come together from our village. We want to help protect the people of the city and fight crime."
"Then you've come to the right place, my dear. Follow me, I'll have you sign the registration forms, then you'll be given your uniforms, and I'll explain to you what the job will be like! My name's Tom, by the way."
Tom the handsome blonde guard led them through the Watch's inner halls. There, the three childhood friends saw many guards, armed with swords. Some were dragging handcuffed prisoners next to them. Ah, Emma couldn't wait for them to catch their own criminals and bring them in! The glory, the adventure! It was all theirs.
Tom brought them to an interior garden at the other side of the fortress. The place was cozy and calm, with trees offering shade from the sun. There was a table there with papers. Tom presented the papers to them.
The three childhood friends signed the papers, filling out the forms with their personal information, addresses, names, etc. Once that was done, Tom's smile got brighter. "Well my friends, that's all it takes to get recruited. Now, I'll bring you your uniforms, and then we'll sit down and I'll explain the nature of guard job to you. You'll begin as novices--you won't have the right to carry swords or chase criminals until the third week, after you've proven your skills with smaller tasks."
Emma looked at her childhood friends with disappointment. They had thought that they would be given swords the moment they entered the Watch, and that an hour later, they would be fighting villains, but the rules of the Watch were realistic. First, they had to prove themselves.
As Tom left to get their uniforms, Emma remarked how little they had actually done research about what it was like to be in the town watch. They'd heard stories, but they didn't know all the details yet.
"Don't worry," Arys said, "he's gonna explain them all to us now."
Tom returned with the uniforms. He passed a chainmail tunic with the capital's lion symbol on the chestplate to Arys, another one to Peter... and that was it. There was no third one.
"Where's mine?" Emma asked innocently.
Tom chuckled. "You don't get an armor, obviously. You have your own uniform." Instead of an armor, he gave her a metal collar and two pairs of cuffs.
"What is this?" Emma asked, all confused.
Tom just shrugged as if she had no reason to be confused. "Your uniform, obviously... A collar and cuffs."
Emma turned to her best friends, completely confused, and she could see that they were too.
"What do you mean that's her uniform?" Arys asked. "Why can't she wear armor?"
"Different rules for her," Tom said. "That's always been the rules in the Watch. You're men, she's not. As a girl, different rules apply to you, Emma."
"What rules?" she asked. She now regretted not having informed herself about the Watch more before deciding to join it with Arys and Peter.
Tom began explaining what the rules were: "As a girl, you're not to be treated the same. You have to wear a uniform that's more appropriate for your place as a girl among men. The men wear armor, you wear this."
"So I have to wear this collar and cuffs with my clothing?"
Tom chuckled. "You're adorable, aren't you? Sweetie, this collar and cuffs are ALL you're going to be allowed to wear."
Arys and Peter's jaws dropped, and so did Emma's. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. "What?!" she exclaimed. "This is so unfair! Why?!"
Tom shrugged again. "The Watch believes in strict order, that's what we're about. And one form of strict order is gender roles, that's the way it is here. Now I can see that you're quite the tomboy, and you dress like your friends and they treat you no different. But here, you can forget all that. In the Watch, men have their place and women have theirs. You can't become a guard overnight. First, you'll have to assume a role more fitting for a girl. We'll keep you completely naked, and you'll be there to support and serve your male partners, who are your superiors."
Emma looked at Arys and Peter. Her best friends. Her childhood friends. Now they'd be her superiors?! Damn, she should have thought about it earlier.
Gender segregation was a common cultural feature of the Kingdom. Certain guilds, organisations and factions were dominated by one gender. Economy was dominated by females in the Kingdom, and men weren't even allowed to work in business and banks. Alchemy was also deemed a female thing, and while males could be accepted there, the novices were kept naked around female Alchemists as a sign of respect and submission.
The same logic applied to the City Guard, Emma realized. Being a guard, according to the culture of the Kingdom, was a male-centric profession, so women were treated as inferior within its bounds in relation to the men. Emma should have thought about the possibility, but she was from the countryside. Gender-based Guilds and organisations were a city-thing, the concept did not extend to the countryside, so Emma wasn't familiar with it.
Tom continued: "You'll serve an important role, Emma. When Arys and Peter will return to their quarters in the evening after a long day's work, it'll be your job to serve them drinks, food, and otherwise obey them. Your nakedness will remind you of your place and will bolster their confidence as guards. Eventually, if you serve and obey well enough, we'll consider giving you an armor too."
Emma was frowning with anger, and her face was red. It was red with anger, but also because of a little bit of arousal. She couldn't deny that the whole naked obedient girl thing was turning her on a little. Maybe even more than a little. Even so, she said : "It's unfair! They'll get to wear armors and I'll be naked!"
"That's your place," Tom answered. "Either you accept or you don't, but the Watch's rules aren't gonna change for you. Most recruits don't have a girl by their side, in fact at this moment there are only male recruits in the Watch. Arys and Peter will be lucky to have you. If anything, you look quite fit and beautiful. Just having the opportunity to see you naked will cheer them up and keep them in good morale, which is essential for the Watch."
Yeah, Emma wondered why there weren't any female recruits, given these stupid rules... She turned to look at her childhood friends. They were best friends, a trio of buddies... and now they would see her completely naked?! The idea was insane!
Insanely arousing. She couldn't deny that. It was unfair and sexist. But she found it so extremely hot too. Being naked around her two best male friends... damn...
"This is fucking stupid and unfair..." she muttered. "Urgh, fine..."
Emma took off her shirt, revealing her bare breasts to the two guys she has been "another one of the boys" to since childhood. Arys and Peter looked at her round, perky tits with amazement. Emma had always been just a guy to them. Now they were looking at her breasts, and as much as she hated the unfairness of it, she also loved it. Tom too, was enjoying the sight. She then took off her boots and socks, and took off her pants, revealing her bare bottom and legs.
Emma was completely naked in front of her two best friends now. The guys wore metal armor, and she was completely naked and vulnerable in front of her buddies. A little aroused too. For all the unfairness of the situation, it did make her feel quite sexy and confident in her fit, athletic body. She just couldn't believe what was happening! Her childhood friends and best friends were now eyeing her completely naked body from head to toe!
"Good girl," Tom said. "Hands behind your back, Emma, and stand straight, bring out those beautiful tits. Don't you want your old friends to have a good view?"
"Yes I do," she said, putting her hands behind her back submissively and standing straight, arching her back so her tits were fully presented to her best friends.
"Good girl. Tell them you want them to look. Go on."
Emma obeyed and turned to her friends, her childhood friends she had been a tomboy to for years. Her cheeks were flushed with arousal. "I want you to look, guys. Please look as much as you want." She sighed and did a sarcastic smile. "It's my place, after all."
Tom chuckled and gave her ass a good, patronizing slap, which Emma absolutely loved and felt a surge of arousal at. "Good girl!" he said. "She knows her place, eh?" He turned to Arys and Peter, and they nodded while their eyes ogled Emma's complete nudity. "Put on her uniform now, put her in her place."
Emma just stayed in that submissive pose, back arched with her hands behind her back while Arys and Peter cuffed her ankles and her wrists, and put her collar around her neck. Emma watched them, fully clothed and armored, chaining her up, all naked and vulnerable, and it made her even more aroused. She could feel how flushed she was.
"Thank them, girl," Tom said once she was fully cuffed and collared.
Emma turned to her friends, barely managing to hide how turned on she was. She could feel how wet she was getting, and hoped they weren't looking there. She was breathing hard and had a hard time not closing her eyes to savor the arousal. "Thank you," she said.
"Thank you what?" Tom asked. "Are you just gonna call them by their names?"
Emma shook her head apologetically. "Thank you Sirs," she said.
"Alright," Tom said, "let's go sit in the shade, and I'll explain to you guys your first tasks for this week as novice recruits. Bring the girl with you."
Arys put his hand on Emma's arm, and it made her shudder with arousal. He wasn't touching a sensitive spot, but he was still touching her flesh when all of it was bare and his was covered in armor, and it made it hot in Emma's eyes. She felt like she was being taken by Arys who had total control over her, once her best friend and childhood buddy, now a man with total authority over her, who had none, zero.
Peter was going to put his hand on her other arm and walk her with Arys towards the chairs, but Tom stopped her.
"She's not Emma your tomboy friend anymore," the watchman said. "Here, she's not your equal, so treat her accordingly."
Tom gestured for Peter to grab her hair and Peter did, making Emma giggle. Arys pulled her by the arm and Peter by the hair towards the table. All their lives, they had been the inseparable trio of best friends. Now the two boys were dragging her around, totally naked and submissive.
The men sat, while Emma was told to stand before the table in her straight submissive pose, in full view of the men so they could enjoy her body with their eyes.
"So," Tom said, "you boys will be doing small tasks around the city for now; helping merchants, carrying crates, that sort of stuff. And at the same time, you'll keep putting your little tomboy friend here in her place. Teach her to obey, and maybe she'll earn her armor. It's hot today, isn't it? Tell her to bring us drinks."
Peter turned to Emma. "Bring us drinks, Emma."
"Yes Pet... Yes Sir." It was crazy to call him that, but with her nudity and collar, and his full suit of armor, it just made sense.
Tom remarked that she should need more motivation when given orders, and he repeated the order with another strong slap to her ass, which made her giggle. Her best friends then also gave her each a good slap on the ass, and she went walking to the table nearby where there was a jug of ale. She brought it to the men and poured it in the little ceramic glasses they had on their table.
Then she was told to shut up and just stay there, and so she did, standing straight to submit her full nudity to the men sitting in authority in front of her. Every ten seconds or so, while they were talking with Tom, Arys and Peter would look at her bare breasts, her legs and her shoulders and all her bare, revealed body. It was intensely exciting. She was standing there for them to enjoy, and they did. Her friend's eyes feasted on her total nudity, looking at every detail and curve of her. Up until an hour ago, they had been a trio of best friends.
Now she was their naked bitch, standing nude for their eyes to enjoy. And she loved it.
"You know what?" Emma thought to herself. "These rules aren't so bad after all." She was already looking forward to more.