All the people are over the age of 18.
Please vote in the end, using the stars. Any comments are more than welcome as well. Thanks, and enjoy it.
********
Samantha, Barb
Carrollton
The next day I was cooking dinner out of the red and white cookbook when Krystal came home from work. As she came into the kitchen I gave her a kiss and she said, "We need to talk about something."
I pointed at the bar and she sat down, placing her tits on the bar so I could see them perfectly. "Nice touch, that, " I said.
She smiled happily and said, "Thanks."
I popped the dinner into the oven and set a timer for half an hour. "We have 30 minutes, lay it on me."
Without preamble, "I want to go check out Anne's gym. The PT at the MEPs station is a joke and I feel like I am going to gain weight, especially if your cooking keeps improving as it has."
I grinned at her knowingly, "Seeing a sweaty Anne just the cherry on top?"
Krystal replied, "If she had a cherry you took that Saturday night."
She put her elbows on the bar, squeezed her tits together, and said, "Plus, I think you need to expand your horizons some and start fucking older women."
Visions of Aunt Gwen flashed through my mind's eye and I had to agree, older women could be a lot of fun. I looked at Krystal and asked, "Any idea how much that is? My budget is pretty tight."
She scrunched up her delightful face as if she had smelled something rancid. "What have you been buying?"
"Food and astonishingly lube. That stuff is expensive."
She grinned happily, "And it feels amazing when you use it on me. Or Lisa. Or Nicole. Or Anne. I think we all would agree that it is a good investment."
Laughing I had to agree. "As for food, if you mix in a salad every now and then, food costs would go down."
My turn for the rancid face, "We both hate salads."
"True, but money is money."
I poured each of us a glass of iced tea, the kind grandma makes, so sweet it could hurt your teeth.
I considered it a minute, then asked, "What is the real underlying reason you want to go to the gym?"
She looked up at me and said, "Sometimes I worry about your classmates taking the sex more seriously than you intend. Emotionally that is."
I had considered her response a moment. In truth, I did too which is why I arranged for Lisa to get together with George. Well, one of the reasons at least. "You think an older woman will be immune to the charm that is my cock?"
She nodded once, "Emotionally at least."
I reached over to lightly stroke a titty and said, "You fell for it."
She giggled slightly, "I hadn't even seen it when I fell for you."
"Okay, we can go look at the gym if you want and decide to join or not."
She had this hopeful look, "Tonight?"
I looked at the oven and thought about how long to cook the meal before turning the oven to warm so it could finish while we were gone. 10, maybe 15 minutes? I nodded while still facing the stove, "Okay, but dinner will be a gamble."
She came around the bar and pressed her naked body against, "Thank you. If we decide to join, then I will pay for the membership for each of us."
I started to protest, and Krystal stopped me with a smoldering kiss that curled my toes and raised my penis. "Besides, it isn't like I am paying my full weight here, is it?"
We dressed in gym appropriate attire and drove over to it. Turned out the gym was easily within jogging distance from the house. It was a sprawling affair with free weights near the front of the gym, behind that we're the lockers and the wet areas, sauna, steam room, and pool. Upstairs had a track that meandered around the outside of the floor with stations along its route. The infield of the track had all of the weight machines.
At the desk by the front door was a woman around Krystal's age whose name tag read, " 'Becca." We stepped up at her greeting, and I said, "We, meaning she, would like to tour the facilities and maybe work out. "
Becca smiled at us and said, "From the looks of you two, neither of you are strangers to a gym, so let's do a quick tour then I will let you have at it."
She showed us around and to me, the selling points were the steam room and the dry sauna with a dunking pool right outside them. The rest of the gym was nice, but I planned on spending a lot of time in those two rooms.
The gym had a fairly heavy crowd, and by far most of the people were at least a decade older than me. I wasn't the only teenager there, but for every teen, there had to be twenty older people.
After the tour, Krystal jumped onto a treadmill and I wandered to the free weights, suddenly uncomfortable. Not only would I have been the youngest guy in that area, but also the smallest. It wasn't often that I felt inadequate but here I did.
I went upstairs and started jogging along the track which turned out to be an eighth of a mile long. So eight trips one mile. I ran the eight, then started a station after every two laps. It turns out that it is a pretty amazing routine that works the body pretty thoroughly.
I was on my twelfth lap approaching the push-up station when I saw an older lady, twice my age at least get onto the track. She had collar-length black hair, but still had a miniaturized version of the cliff face hair that was becoming all the rage. Her legs were thick, but the hints of definition were becoming visible in them. Her arms had just started getting the middle-aged woman sag at the triceps and were pretty undefined. It was another lap or so before I saw her face, which was pretty, and her eyes were almost the same color as her hair. Her complexion was almost as dark as Nicole's but not quite.
I was coming around from a lap and she was at the sit-up station and was having problems. She was trying to make it up and got halfway before getting stuck. I jogged over to her and said, "You got this, push."
I was rewarded for my good Samaritan effort with a scowl that surely would have been more appropriate for one of George's demons in his game. I held my hand out to her and as she reached for it pulled back. The effort she expended trying to reach for my hand got her past the halfway point and she finished the sit up. From the vantage point, I could see that she had stretch marks on her hips which seemed to continue under her gym attire.
I smiled and said, "See you didn't need help."
Another scowl and I laughed as I resumed jogging. As I came around again I was catching up to her and watched her hips and ass flow. A pretty lovely sight, well the motion of the musculature at least. There was enough excess on her ass and legs to add a little too much extra jiggle after each step.
I passed her and gave her my most friendly "Hi."
She panted out some response that was unintelligible. I slowed down to her pace, "Are you okay?"
She nodded, not wasting breath on speaking. She was perspiring profusely and her face was red. I must have looked concerned as she spared me a terse, " What?!"
I replied, "Maybe you should walk a little while and get your breathing and heart rate back to where it should be. You look like you are struggling mightily."
She stopped suddenly and started crying.
I was shocked and for a second just looked at her. Realizing where we were I pulled her off the track before we got ran over. I patted her arm and asked, "What's wrong?"
"N-n-nothing."
I looked around for help and saw none coming. "Ma'am, that's what my grandpa would call a bald-faced lie."
She looked up at me and querulously asked, "Ma'am?"
Fuck me. "Please take that more as an indicator of respect and not of age."
She nodded, then, "Why would you respect me?"
I had to think fast and my mouth started moving before my brain could catch up. "To begin with, you are out there busting your ass off trying to get in shape. If I worked that hard at it, I might have played football my senior year."
Her suspicious face relaxed some and I followed up with, "And you have given birth to at least one baby. I for one cannot do it, not can I fathom the commitment it takes to do that."
Her face relaxed a little then firmed up, hard. "How do you know I have children?"
I pointed at the stretch mark visible and said, "I was, uuuh, helping you when I saw those."
Her face and voice both held astonishment as she asked, "You were checking me out?"
I could only nod, "Yeah, I was. And if I may be so bold, I enjoyed doing it."
Her face didn't quite blush as she said, "Oh, thank you?"
I bowed and quipped, "Always my pleasure ma'am."
She looked slightly uncomfortable and I said, "I will see you around."
I took off at my normal pace and didn't see her again that night.
I went downstairs looking for Krystal and saw her chatting to some woman and it appeared amiable enough. I waved at Krystal as I went by, headed to the front desk. There I had Becca draw up the paperwork for us to join the gym and nearly coughed out a lung at the price to enroll. When Krystal saw it she nodded and got her checkbook out of the car.
When we got home I checked the dinner, and it was completely ruined. I tossed it into the garbage with a "Fuck."
Krystal smiled indulgently and said that she would go get us dinner. I grumbled okay and showered while she was away.
She returned with dinner from the deli at Tom Thumb and we ate at the bar. "Did you meet anyone at the gym," she asked.
I had to laugh. "I gave her one compliment too many and spooked her."
I nudged her with my elbow, "Looks like you made a friend though."
Krystal nodded slowly, "Yeah, but she was the worst kind of woman, gossiping about everyone."
I looked at her from the side of my eye, "What did she say about Anne that pissed you off?"
Krystal blushed and replied, "Everything."
I shrugged, "That doesn't mean that you can't use her as a fuck buddy if you wanted."
She shook her head, her cascading fiery hair flowing with the movement, "I prefer my partners to be more authentic as a person."
I returned to my food and said, "Authentic is probably not the norm in that gym."
I finished my bite and asked, "Besides, I thought the purpose of the gym was to fuck them and forget them. Not become friends or lovers."
She laughed, "Everyone that you fuck ends up being a friend to you."
She turned to me, "So are we going nights or mornings? Or both?"
I thought about it and said, "If you are trying to get as ripped as Anne, it has to be both."
She nodded, "Do you mind?"
I looked at her magnificent chest, and replied, "Kind of. I love your body just the way it is and I don't want you to lose your curves and features."
She looked at me and said, "And that is why all of your lovers will always be friends if yours."
I was confused and asked, "Because I tell the truth?"
She replied, "Because your truth is almost always complimentary to the other person."
I turned to her and said, "Sculpt what you have if you want, do not change it."
She nodded and whispered, "Yes, master."
The next morning I didn't see my chubby dark-haired running partner, but to be fair, I was at the free weights talking to a guy in his 60's who had about the perfect body. I was soaking up everything and anything he would share about weightlifting. I didn't want Hulk Hogan's arms. I just wanted my body to be as ripped as possible without bulking up like a caricature of myself.
The old man, Dick, said he would be happy to work with me on it. We discussed the outline of what I wanted, I made sure to tell him that running was a major part of my life and didn't want to change that. We worked out a strategy.
That night we were back at the gym and I headed upstairs to run the circuit. I saw the woman from the night before and said in the same friendly voice as previously given to her, "Hi!"
A little while later we ended up at the same station, pull-ups, I said as she was struggling to get up, "I am Dave."
She was struggling her arms quivering with muscle failure. I walked up and wrapped my arms around her knees to help her up. It was at that point I realized my face was at crotch level and I muttered, "Sorry."
Her voice was more acidic than I had expected as she said, "At least someone is putting his face there."
I didn't know what to say so I helped her finish the pull-up and asked, "More?"
She shook her head, "You go ahead."
I did a quick set of eight front and eight behind the neck pull-ups. The entire time she stood in front of me watching. She said, "My name is Samantha. I should apologize for that comment. It's just my husband complained about the state of affairs down there, and when I went to hardwood floors he still doesn't pay any attention to it, me."
I was running through my head what the hell hardwood floors could be when she whispered, "I shaved it clean."
Fuck. Now I was getting excited and confused, why would she confess this to me?
I took her hand in mine, and like a knight gallant, I turned her hand over and kissed her knuckles. "It is my pleasure to make your acquaintance."
She smiled wanly at me and asked, "Would you be able and willing to be my work out partner, at least tonight? I want to learn how to do it right."
I nodded and said, "Sure, but I exact a high price for my services."
She looked alarmed and asked, "What do you charge?"
I looked her in the eyes and replied, "That you talk to me, never lie to me, and always be honest with yourself."
She looked at me for almost two minutes before she nodded, "Okay, I have a feeling this is going to be harder than I imagine at the moment."
"Maybe." We started at a slow, for me, pace and I asked, "So you shaved your pelvis area clean and your husband hasn't gone down on you since?"
She looked away, then back forward, "Or made love to me."
I almost stumbled. Yeah, she was a little overweight but still pretty. I blurted, "Why not? Is he fucking stupid?"
She gave me a sorrowful smile, "I don't think we have done anything since the twins were born, so three years, six months."
I shook my head, "Yeah, he is stupid."
She laughed, "Are you saying you would have sex with me?"
I glanced at her and replied, "Not until I tasted every one of your stretch marks with my tongue. But after that? Yeah, I would fuck us both senseless."
She looked shocked at my response, and, I gave her a warm smile. We plodded along the track for a lap and stopped at the sit-up station. We both got down on our rumps and started to do sit-ups. I knocked off five to her first one and I could see she was struggling to keep her feet down.
I rolled onto my knees by her feet and I grabbed her ankles holding her feet down. It gave me an opportunity to really check her out and while she was not a tight bodied eighteen year old, she was that perfect definition of zoftig. And she smelled great, some earthy, wood scent.
She did the next handful pretty handily but then started to struggle. I looked at her and said, " Tell you what, every time you make it upright, I will kiss you."
She lowered herself down and half scowled, half smiled, "Is that supposed to be motivational?"
I shrugged, "If you made that offer to me, I would break my back to get the chance to kiss you."
She looked happy, the struggle to hold onto the scowl lost. "You know I am a lot older than you."
I gave her an I wanna fuck you smile and replied, "Hot is hot, regardless of the age difference."
I don't know if she struggled to finish the sit up any harder than she would have anyway, but man, did she effort well. Maybe the best example I had ever seen of effort.
When she finally made it to the upright position, I leaned over and brushed my lips across hers, letting my tongue flicker across them.
Her eyes shot open as I sat back. "Are you kidding me? That's it?"
I looked around at the fifty or so people that we're on the floor with us. "I thought that maybe you did not want someone telling your husband that you were French kissing some guy at the gym."
Her disappointment seemed genuine as she let out, "Oh, yeah that probably would not go over well."
I stood and offered her a hand up which she took. As I pulled her up, her breasts pressed into my chest and arm. Her tits felt great against me and I wondered what it would be like to suck on them. I leaned over and whispered, "Otherwise, I would have just pinned you to the floor and we would still be kissing."
Her face softened as she whispered back, "I think I might have liked that."
I patted her arm and said, "You would have. Now let's run."
Another two laps and we were at the mountain climber station. I faced the wall, with my butt facing the track, she chose to face the track so that her ass faced the wall. Our heads we're about at each other's waist level separated by a foot or so. I finished the set of twenty before Samantha did, and I sat watching her. When she finished, Samantha was a little winded, "What's wrong, " she asked.
I shook my head with a smile. "Absolutely nothing. I was just imagining what it would be like to see you do that naked."
Her eyes widened as she said, "You are awfully brazen."
I looked her in the eyes and held them for a moment, "I already told you how attractive I find you. That was owning it."
I leaned toward her and softly let her know, "If I were being brazen I would describe to you exactly what I was looking at and what I was imagining."
I took off at a pace I was confident that she could catch me at and was not disappointed when she pulled alongside me. We said nothing for the lap to get to the pull-up station. I knocked out twenty each of regular and neck pull-ups with Samantha standing immediately in front of me her eyes moving up and down with each pull-up.
As she got her hands on the bar I stepped behind her. She looked back at me and asked, "What are you doing back there?"
I put my hands on her hips, copping a slight feel of her big butt and whispered, "If I were on the other side, I would have to put my face between those glorious globes of yours to help. On this side, I get the chance to feel your awesome ass against me. And this might be more discrete."
Halfway up the first one, Samantha began to struggle. Her ass was against my stomach as I put my hands in her armpits and assisted her up. Her big pillowy ass scraped against my stomach and chest both ways. After she finished she dropped down. *What are you doing?" I asked.
"Aren't we running now?"
I shook my head, "Nope, you have to do the neck pullup first."
Her mouth made the perfect shape to suck a cock as she mumbled, "Oh."
She got back into position and I stood behind her again, this time not really hiding the fact I was looking at her backside. She started pulling herself up, reaching a little more than halfway before she needed help.
This time I put my hands on her rib cage just below her breasts, but so tantalizingly close to them. We ran out the rest of the night and when we finished, Samantha gave me a long wet peck on the cheek that caught the corner of my mouth. "Good night, " she whispered and headed for the stairs.
I followed a few minutes later and looked around for Krystal. Normally with that red hair of hers, she was easy to spot. But she was nowhere in sight. A guy who worked at the gym asked, "Looking for a redhead?"
I nodded and he said, "She asked that I tell you she is in the steam room."
I nodded my thanks and headed into the men's locker room and changed into swim trunks.
Entering the sauna, an old guy on each side of the door greeted me with a Hi, which I returned. I saw Krystal's hair at the far side and walked toward her.
She wore a red bikini which really stood out against her skin. The material was so thin that you could see her areola through it. I leaned in and gave her a kiss which she happily returned. I sat next to her and put my hand on her thigh, closer to her pussy than the knee.
"How was your workout, " I asked.
I leaned against the back wall sucking my breath in with a sound similar to that of the airbrakes on an 18 wheeler from the searing heat of the wood. "It was good. Worked up a good sweat. Yours?
I was about to answer when the door to the steam room opened. I could barely make out that Samantha was walking into it. She had a dark blue one-piece bathing suit on that struggled to keep her tits in place, and failed miserably at containing her ass. Both cheeks had found their way out from under the bottoms material and were on prominent display. She eyed each of the two old guys and walked past them. They both swiveled their heads to watch her pass.
" Samantha?"
Her face perked up as she responded, "Dave?"
Krystal patted my thigh and scooted over making room for Samantha to sit between us. Samantha sat, her prodigious ass against mine and our thighs touching all the way to her knee. I really didn't have a place to put my arm, so I draped it across her shoulders, letting my hand dangle down her arm.
She turned her head up toward me, and I had a nearly irresistible urge to kiss her then and there. "I didn't know that you came in here."
"I don't usually at night, but she left a message for me to meet her in here, " indicating Krystal.
Samantha made to stand up but I held her in place with the arm around her shoulders. "I think you should sit, beautiful, and ask what you have to ask and listen to how we answer."
Krystal from the other side of Samantha said, "I will leave you two to talk." She stood, gave me a hurried kiss and before leaving shooed the two old guys out.
I turned her head toward me and I kissed her. Really, kissed her with the intention of seducing her. My tongue pried at her lips, which opened quickly. Our tongues danced for dominion between our mouths for a couple of seconds then her tongue retreated into her mouth. A moan, mine maybe, accompanied my tongue as it darted into her mouth to resume dancing with her tongue.
I broke off the kiss and sat back. I looked at her and felt my cock getting harder. "Who is she to you, " Samantha asked.
"She is my wife."
Samantha tried to stand again, but I pulled her back down. "Unlike your husband, my wife doesn't mind sharing, and in fact insists on it."
Samantha's face was the definition of shock. "You are so handsome and she is so pretty why would she do that?"
I kissed her neck and replied, "There are several reasons."
I caressed Samantha along her ass cheek, "First, she likes to watch me with other women. It turns her on so much that we spend all day fucking before and after she does. "
I leaned over and kissed Samantha at the top of her cleavage, "Second, she also likes to participate when allowed by my temporary partner."
My free hand wrapped around one of her large, DD cup(?) tits and my thumb scraped right across the nipple. "And last, that I know of, she hopes I learn things to do with her."
She looked at me like she didn't believe me. "She really doesn't mind?"
I stood up and went to the door, I figured Krystal hadn't gone far. I saw her sitting near the cool down pool and motioned her over. Krystal came into the steam room and I motioned to the corner left of where Samanta was sitting.
Turning to Samantha I sat next to her so that Krystal has a clear view of Samantha and me.
"Samantha, " I lifted her chin so she could look me in the eye. "I am going to kiss you now," I leaned in, "And as I do, I am going to pull this titty out from your swimming suit."
I kissed for a long while, her lips resistant to my pressure. I continued the plan as I had outlined for Samantha and Krystal by pulling Samantha's tit from the bathing suit.
I pulled and twisted on her nipple and felt it start to harden between my fingers.
Suddenly, like a dam had given way, Samantha's lips relaxed and welcomed my tongue into her mouth.
Breaking the kiss I lowered my head and kissed her nipple with a peck. I looked up at her, and Samantha's face was turned toward Krystal. I looked at my wife and she was yanking on her own nipples, her legs opening and closing, trying to stimulate herself.
Turning back to Samantha, I asked, "Are you good?"
She nodded, "Yes," her hands reached up and ran across my chest while her legs spread open.
I ran my hands up her thick thighs, "Our first time making love will not be in here."
Samantha started to close her legs but I held them open. "But you are going to have an orgasm before we leave."
"Okay, " she quietly said, "but how do you plan to do that?"
I smiled, "Relax and enjoy."
I sucked her nipple and areola into my mouth, the way it felt was amazing. Hundreds of tiny little bumps covered the surface of her areola. I closed my teeth on her areola and held on tightly as I flipped my tongue up and down over the top of her nipple as fast as I could.
My right hand dropped down between her thick thighs and I gave the left one a firm squeeze next to her pussy. I could feel the heat radiating from her core.
I pulled back, holding her nipple in my mouth until resistance and gravity ripped it away from me with pop, and stereo moans filling the small room.
Krystal got up and reset the timer on the moisture valve and sat back down. I smiled in gratitude to my wife then looked at Samantha, "Are you okay to continue?"
She whimpered out, "Please."
I nodded, "Absolutely, but this is what I need you to do. I want you to put your head in Krystal's lap. That way it is supported."
She nodded then laid down putting her head in Krystal's lap. I licked and nibbled my way from her knee, up her substantial thigh. It was so soft, I was pretty certain I could poke a couple of inches into her flesh before hitting muscle.
I opened my mouth and placed it completely over her sex. Her moan started loud, then became quickly muffled as Krystal covered her mouth. "Maybe you should shove your tit in there next time Krystal, " I said.
Krystal was stroking Samantha's big titty. Krystal asked, "Would you like that next time instead of my hand?"
Samantha gave a mini shrug and Krystal replied, "Okay honey, maybe we try that next time."
I ran my tongue up and down the fabric of the suit and Samantha's legs started to quiver some.
I smiled to myself thinking this would not take long. I peeled the gusset away from her boiling honey pot and licked the smooth skin there. Samantha started to moan loudly and it was muffled quickly. Looking up, I saw that Krystal has moved a little and stuffed her left nipple into Samantha's mouth. Judging from the way her jaw was working, Samantha was sucking the hell out of Krystal through that gorgeous nub.
I ran a finger along Samantha's slit and her pussy opened up like an orchid filmed in slow motion then played at 32x speed. It was one of the most amazing things that I had ever seen.
Once it was fully opened I licked as much of her core as I could reach. She tasted earthy and was slightly more pungent than I was used to. That didn't stop me from pulling her into a position where I could more easily lick her. I heard mixed low moans from above me and assumed that Krystal was still feeding Samantha titty.
Licking around the top of her thick clam-like slit, I found her clit. I slurped it into my mouth and Samantha started firing her hips up and down. I fumbled a finger into her cunt and tried to process what I was feeling while trying to keep my mouth and finger where they were while she fucked herself on my face and finger. There was a muffled scream as fat thighs clamped my head in place while Samantha continued to fire her hips up and down.
Her pussy was both loose and snug, I wasn't sure how that was possible yet it was true. A question to be answered later perhaps.
Samantha's hips suddenly froze in place as the rest of her quivered uncontrollably. This I knew was an orgasm. She didn't squirt fluids out at me, but her body quivered uncontrollably not unlike jello that has been upended.
I smiled into her fleshy folds, knowing that she had just had more fun than she had in the last three-plus years.
Samantha's head laid on Krystal's lap, and I had my head between Samantha's thighs, all three of us panting. My cock was so hard that it and my balls agonized in need of release.
The door opened and an older man came in and sat down. The three of us extricated ourselves from each other and sat up. A little shuffling around and I wound up between Samantha and Krystal. The old man smiled awkwardly and sat down facing the door.
All three of us were caught red-handed. I was pretty certain that my face was just as red as Samantha's and Krystal's.
My cock was tenting my shorts and Samantha stared at it a moment before putting herself together and bolting out the door.
Krystal turned my face toward her and gave me a deep kiss. After breaking the kiss she whispered, "Now that is a womanly taste."
The next morning at the gym, I swore Dick was trying to kill me. By the time we were done my entire upper body was so fatigued, I wasn't sure that I would be able to carry my books to school.
I managed somehow. I began to rethink the arrangement with the old man in anguish. I mean a 60 something just kicked my ass in the gym.
That night Samantha wasn't there. I tried not to dwell on it, I didn't know her schedule or anything.
That set up the routine for the remainder of the week. The old man tried to kill me, Samantha never showed and I began to worry some.
That Saturday Lisa called. "Hey, I am bringing Barb tonight."
I tried to recall what I knew of Barb, and not much came to mind. I guess I hadn't paid any attention to her.
"Okay, " I replied.
"She knows the deal but doesn't want to know if Krystal is there or not. Preferably, not."
"Hrmm, if I stuff Krystal in the closet will that work?"
Lisa replied, "Probably not."
It was disappointing but hey shit happens. "Okay, I will kick her out before 7 then."
Lisa returned, "Okay see you then."
Krystal and I fucked like rabbits most of the afternoon after she made a date with Anne. And at 6 she was gone with, "I'll see you in the morning to go to the gym."
I had just finished showering and eating when the door opened and Lisa ushered in a cute redhead. I walked over to the two of them and gave Lisa a deep kiss as I grabbed her ass cheeks.
I heard Barb ask, "He didn't go for your tits first?"
Lisa smiled with a hand on one of mine, "He has spent very little time on my tits. He prefers my ass for some reason."
I looked down at Lisa and replied, "Bend K Dr the chair and I will show her why."
Barb looked at us inquisitively, and Lisa said, "He likes sticking it up my butt. Frankly, I like it too."
Barb stood about five foot eight inches tall, maybe a little less. She had red hair, not as bright as Krystal's but a rich tone. A cherubic face and green eyes. Her skin pale, but not as pale as Krystal either. Average weight and build, she was clearly a working definition of the girl next door.
She came up to Lisa and me and leaned against Lisa a moment. She looked up at me and asked, "Where is your wife?"
I replied, "Out with Anne. Won't be back until tomorrow."
She visibly relaxed. "I only have two rules."
"Go on, " I said.
"You can play with my butt, you can finger it, tongue it, whatever, but your cock stays out of it."
I had to look disappointed but said, "And?"
"No marks. No hickies, no bite marks, nothing."
I thought about it a moment and countered, "How about not on your neck, face, arms or legs?"
She shook her head, "No. No marks."
I looked at Lisa and said, "You can take her home. I can't and won't promise no traces that I had been there."
Lisa nodded and Barb looked shocked. "What do you mean to take me home?"
I continued to look at Lisa and said, "Maybe you can come back and I will pay attention to those big asses tits of yours."
I then turned to Barb. Sex is supposed to be fun and spontaneous. You are so damned cute I can't promise that I would not leave bite marks and or hickies on you. So to honor your request, I must deny myself the pleasure of being with you."
Barb still looked shocked as if this were the first time she had heard no be said to her
I turned to walk away and Lisa said, *I think Rubi is free later after her date."
I shook my head, "Nah, not tonight. I think I will get some rest of you don't want to come back and get all marked up."
Lisa looked thoughtful and said, "I can talk to George about it."
I shook my head, "Nah, don't bother him."
I walked to the door and said, "Good night ladies."
As they filed out of the house Barb looked stunned and Lisa gave me a peck on the cheek and whispered, "Sorry, master."
I went to bed and slept like the teenager that I was, a good twelve hours.
The next morning I woke up to the sounds of a conversation and the aroma of coffee. I padded my way to the kitchen to see George, Lisa, and Krystal. I gave a kiss to Lisa and Krystal on my way over to pour a cup of the life-giving elixir.
I looked at Lisa and George, asking, "The papers, sex, or hang out?"
They looked at each other and George asked, "Hey, do you mind if she and I spend some time together today? We haven't had a chance to see how we are together."
I nodded, "Go ahead, the spare room is all yours."
I looked at Krystal and said, "Get ready for the gym. If we are lucky and it is slow, I plan on fucking you in the steam room."
Krystal gave me a sly smile and lowered herself to her knees. She fished my cock out of my shorts and took the head into her mouth with her tongue doing that twirly swirly thing that invariably got my engine running at high RPM's.
She slowly sucked down the first third of my length her tongue pressed against the bottom ridge. I moaned in appreciation as she backed off a little, then pressed forward again. This time to my amazement she kept pressing until her nose was against my pelvis and her chin just above my balls.
I gasped a great breath in and held onto her head. "Fuck, " I moaned as she backed off some. Her eyes were ebullient and loving as Krystal looked up at me. I pulled my hips back and slid forward, sheathing myself into her throat again.
She pulled back and off my cock and explained while stroking my cock, "Anne and I traded secrets last night. She taught me how to do that and I taught her how to wear makeup in a way it helped her peculiar face structure."
I glanced down at my lovely bride and gave my unsolicited opinion, "I received the better end of this deal."
She looked at me like I had lost it, so I explained. "Not only did you learn how to deepthroat me, but helped her visage? I win."
Her melodic laughter filled the kitchen with warmth and love as she once more encircled the head of my cock. I grabbed two handfuls of hair and began levering my hips back and forth, forcing about three-fourths of my cock down her mouth and throat.
I felt my balls start to boil over as I fucked her pretty face while her tongue was seemingly a perpetual motion machine. I pressed all the way forward and shot my white, hot cum straight down her throat, while my rumbling moan filled the kitchen.
We went to the bedroom, changed and jogged over to the gym for our work out. I carried the gym bags containing our swimsuits and towels.
I worked out on the free weights for ninety minutes or so then headed upstairs to run the circuit. I didn't see Samantha, disappointingly, so I kept at the circuit until Krystal came up to see if I was ready for the steam room.
There were three other people in the steam room when Krystal and I walked in. I reset the valve extending the time and sat with her on the upper left bench. Across from us was an older man, whose eyes seemed to be locked in on Krystal's tits. Her nipples began to harden under his scrutiny. I leaned to her and asked, "In addition to watching, you like to be watched?"
She nodded, spreading her thighs slightly giving the other guy an eyeful of her camel toe. His eyes bugged out and his jaw slackened at the sight.
At the end was a pair of middle-aged women who were talking softly, not really paying attention to the rest of us.
I leaned back against the wall, hissing as the hot wood burned my skin slightly. Closing my eyes I placed my right hand on Krystal's left thigh. I slowly trailed my fingers up and down her thigh, from knee to crotch. I felt her right leg close periodically, each time my hand flattened out and covered more if her leg.
After a few minutes, the two women stood and left the steam room. I opened my eyes long enough to appreciate their bodies and closed them again. They shot open again after a second and I saw the guy openly fondling himself.
I looked at him, directing him, "You stay right there and we will give you a show to jack off to."
He stammered a second and stood to rise up, "Look, mister, I don't blame you one bit. If she weren't mine I would stroke my shit to her. Fortunately, she is, so I don't have to."
I moved my hand to where I could cup her mound and did so. "If you stay there, pull your cock out so she can watch you masturbate, I will help her give you a reason to do so.'
He settled back down and nodded, " Okay."
I pulled Krystal up on my lap and placed her thighs outside of mine. I spread my legs forcing hers wide open. I was kissing her shoulders as my hands flitted across her torso. Every time I felt her bikini top, I pulled on her nipple.
Soon his panting and her soft sighs rode the currents of steam, making it that much hotter in the small room. I was pretty sure neither of them needed me at that point, but I wasn't about to miss this.
Krystal started rotating her hips in effect dry humping me with her ass. I could hear the ffp, ffp, ffp of the other guy stroking himself as Krystal watched him watch her.
I pulled her left tit from the bikini top and began massaging it, starting with light strokes punctuated with sharp twists and tugs on her nipples.
As I freed her other tit, I heard him moan. I looked over her shoulder and saw the man ejaculating onto his stomach, his fist still flying up and down his cock.
He slumped as he finished and Krystal groaned, "So hot, watching you thank you."
He shook his head and replied, "No, thank you two. It was an amazing show."
He wiped his chest with a towel and stumbled out of the steam room. "Can we do that again sometime, master," she breathlessly asked.
I kissed her shoulder, "Sure, maybe the next guy will last long enough for me to finger you."
She ground her ass against my cock and suggested, "Or get there faster."
The next week of school flew by, between hitting the gym at five in the morning and going again at six in the evening it took me until Thursday to realize I hadn't seen Samantha all week.
Dick had been merciless all week and each day I headed home and then to school barely able to move a portion of my body. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday were waist up, Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday legs down. Sunday was to be an easy day where I worked the entire body just to keep it moving.
On Thursday afternoon Nicole and Barb found me after class. Nicole strode right up and accused, "You told Barb you weren't going to fuck her? Why?"
I looked at Barb and replied, "Too restrictive, felt like work instead of fun, so I took a pass on her."
Nicole looked back and forth between us. "Too restrictive?"
I nodded, "yeah, no one could watch, I couldn't fuck her up the ass, and no marks of any kind anywhere on her. With all that, jacking off is more fun."
Nicole replied, "Well the ass part I understand, though the more Anne and Lisa sing its praises the more curious I am becoming."
She turned to Barb, "Okay, you don't have to fuck him. But I think that you have to explain to the others why we aren't going to accomplish this goal we had."
Barb seemed to not care at all. I gave Nicole a peck on the cheek and said, "Though Barb would have made for a good third in my Neopolitan for Krystal to watch."
She nodded, "Barb tastes wonderful once she is worked up."
I shouldered my backpack with a, "See ya, " and started jogging home taking a long way home.
Saturday before and after the gym Krystal was worked up wondering if someone was coming over that night, and if so, who and would she be able to watch.
There wasn't a phone call from Lisa throughout the day, which wasn't necessarily a bad thing just didn't give Krystal any answers.
We were lounging around the living room, her reading, and me doing homework when the door opened at 6:00. I looked up, not surprised that someone would walk in anymore and saw Barb. Seeing them in close proximity there was more than a passing resemblance between the two women. Barb could almost pass for Krystal's younger sister.
"Hi Barb, this is Krystal. Krystal, meet Barb."
Krystal stood up and went to Barb, "What's wrong, honey?"
Barb looked between the two of us and answered, "I am here to get fucked by Dave with no restrictions."
Krystal looked at her and said, "That isn't what you want, so why are you here?"
She started crying lightly, "If I don't then I break the chain that we are building, but I am afraid."
That piqued my curiosity, "Why are you afraid?"
She looked at me and said, "The way they describe being fucked by you it sounds... sinful, painful, something that we shouldn't have to do."
I looked at Krystal and explained briefly, "You don't have to fuck me. Or be fucked by me. Stay on the couch and I will tell them that we did it."
Her tears hadn't abated yet and she replied, "They are going to want me to describe it in nauseating detail as they have."
I smiled at Krystal and said, "Well only two solutions come to mind. The first is I fuck her, though that feels like borderline rape. The second is we take her to bed together and I fuck the hell out of you while she watches."
Krystal's eyes lit up and she replied, "We get an audience?"
I stood up, "Yep, " turning to Barb, "If you want to join in at any point feel free to do so."
Barb shook her head and replied, "I kind of doubt it."
I looked at her and said, "If that is what you want to do, there is really only one stipulation that I can think of. You have to be as naked as we are."
Barb looked from Krystal to me and said, "Okay."
I held a hand out to Barb as I stood and led her into the bedroom. I began unbuttoning her blouse, slowly, starting with the top button and working my way down. Once I reached the button just above the waistband of her jeans, I unbuttoned the jeans and pulled the tail of her blouse out.
She was wearing a nude bra which actually was a few shades darker than she or Krystal. Sweeping her blouse off her shoulders, Barb stood lock stock still as it drifted to the ground in a pile behind her.
Krystal walked in and said, "It is far more enjoyable of you to let him use his mouth as well as his hands."
I glanced at Krystal and she gave me a look that said, "Trust me."
I walked around Barb. I ran my hands along her arms as I kissed her left shoulder. She shivered slightly. Taking that as a willingness to let me proceed, I kissed up her shoulder with soft kisses. I worked my way up her neck until I reached the base of her skull. There I transferred to her ear and sucked the meaty portion of the earlobe into my mouth. I held it with my teeth as I sucked on it and flicked my tongue across the bottom edge.
My left hand caressed its way up Barb's back until I reached her bra. I unhooked the bra and let it flap free. Using my mouth and tongue, I pulled each of the shoulder straps off of her. Her arms were pressed against her sides bringing a smile to my face. I whispered, "Barb, will you do me a favor?"
Her head turned slightly toward me and she stammered, "W-what?"
I kissed her ear and replied, "Will you remove your bra for me?"
She hesitated, second by second crawled by and I began to think she wouldn't. Suddenly, she raised her arms and the bra plummeted to her feet. "Thank you," I whispered as I closed my hands around her B cup titties and felt her nipples stiffen against my palms.
Her skin was soft, like velvet, and if I wasn't already hard, I would have gotten hard right then. As it was, my cock twitched against her ass. I was surprised when Barb ground her cheeks up and down my length.
I continued kissing her shoulders, her ears, and her neck as I massaged her titties. Barb's hands found mine, and I expected her to pull me away from her breasts. Instead, she ran her fingertips along my fingers in a gentle caress that sent firestorms of desire up my arms and down my torso to my cock and balls.
I turned her slowly to face me by her shoulders. We stood there staring into each other's eyes for what seemed to be forever. Her hands found mine and we clasped together, still not moving.
"I am going to kiss you, now," I whispered.
Barb nodded and whispered softly, "Okay."
I leaned in, my lips brushed against hers. Her lips were softer than anything I had ever experienced. They gave under my lips and parted as her tongue darted out to meet mine. It was an aggressive dance, her tongue lashing mine, then suddenly giving ground, forcing my tongue to chase it down.
Her hands found my shoulders and she caressed them with a feather-like touch. I was beginning to understand her trepidations about being with me. I hadn't been particularly gentle with any of her friends, and Barb was silkiness personified. She was soft, smooth, and strong as hell.
I broke the kiss off and started kissing down her neck as I lowered the zipper of her jeans. Her jeans slid down her hips and legs easily.
I led Barb to the bed and my eyes filled with the question I dared not vocalize in fear of a negative answer. She smiled softly and nodded, answering my question using her hand to stroke my cock.
"I didn't carry you back here, which is something I really enjoy doing. May I carry you to our bed?"
Barb leaned into me and wrapped her arms around me. She whispered, "I think I would like that."
I picked her up and walked the two steps towards the bed then laid her upon it. I looked down on her nakedness drinking her in.
Her red hair formed a fiery corona around her hair and shoulders drawing your attention to her angelic face. Blue eyes stared back at me, filled with nearly equal measures of trepidation and desire; slightly more trepidation than desire, if I had to guess. Her neck was thin and as untanned as the rest of her body. Her shoulders sloped away from her neck and her arms had been drawn up so that she rested on her elbows. Barb's torso was slender with a pair of slightly larger than naval orange-sized titties. Her areolas were slightly puffy, and maybe a shade darker than the rest of her body. The nipples hard little pebbles right in the middle of her phantom-like areolas. Her hips flared out gently showcasing a soft, lovely ass. Her vagina was smoothly shaven; nary a trace of stubble to be found anywhere. Her legs were trim and firm, not like she worked out or ran a lot, but more like she walked everywhere she went.
As I was ogling Barb, Krystal walked up behind me and wrapped her arms around my waist. She was kissing my neck and ear as her fingers worked at my waistband. Soon she was dragging my clothes down my legs, freeing my cock.
Barb's eyes watched the procession and her mouth gaped open when my cock sprang free of its confines. She sat up and asked, "May I?"
I nodded my assent and Barb leaned over. Her hand stretched out and wrapped around my meat fingers and thumb not quite meeting. Her touch was delicate as if she were holding a Ming Dynasty jade vase. As she stroked me lightly, I felt Krystal kissing down the middle of my back. Briefly, I wondered if I was going to be lucky enough to have a redhead's mouth on both my cock and ass simultaneously.
Alas, that was not to be, as Barb started to lay back down, pulling me onto the bed by my pecker.
Her legs spread wide open as I climbed onto the bed and I settled between her ankles. I ran my hands along her legs, my eyes fixated on her smooth cunt.
I laid down and kissed her inner thighs, from knee to next to her pussy, first left leg then the right leg.
Her pussy opened like an orchid, soft delicate petals overlapping her outer lips. Lightly, I sucked her left petal into my mouth and played my tongue all along it, inside and out. I could feel Barb squirming around me like she had ants in her pants.
In this case, it was just me.
I heard her whisper, "Please."
I looked up and asked, "Please what?"
Her hands grabbed my hair and she lifted me off her perfectly smooth pussy and replied, "Please make love to me."
Well, that certainly was a request nearly impossible to deny.
I crawled up her body, my lips kissing it's way up her torso. A slight detour led to her nipple in my mouth. I sucked on it while my tongue flickered back and forth across the tip of the nub.
I could feel the heat radiating out of her pussy, the promise of a hot wet place for my cock to reside, if only temporarily.
The head of my cock slipped along her slit, her juices coating the head of it. I rolled my hips up and down, the rod between my collecting and searing her quim.
Grabbing my shaft, I dragged it up and down a couple of times, then nestled it at her opening. I looked into her eyes, again not asking what I needed to know. She seemed to know the unasked question, she nodded and whispered, "Take me."
I pressed my hips forward, the head of my cock sliding into her depths. By far, Barb was my gentlest partner. Soft sighs, low moans, short harsh gasps filled the room with each of our movements. My hips slid back and forth slowly, her snug, moist pussy hugged my meatpole almost lovingly.
It was uncharacteristically slow and gentle lovemaking. After the couple of rounds with Krystal earlier in the day, I wondered briefly if I could even cum with this pace and gentleness.
Don't get me wrong, well, actually, I really don't like fucking like this. This should be reserved for Krystal and her alone.
I felt like I was betraying Krystal.
The bed moved behind me and Krystal placed her hand on my ass. She whispered, "It's okay Hero, give it to her how she likes it. "
I started giving a little more force and Barb whimpered beneath me, giving me pause and I eased back.
I was beginning to get frustrated then I felt Krystal start playing with my balls and ass. The added stimulation began to take hold and I felt the first tingling that eventually would lead to an orgasm.
I locked up in shock as Krystal inserted her finger deep into my ass. "Keep going; it won't take long now."
As I continued the slow pace with Barb, Krystal massaged my prostate with each stroke, and I soon found myself filling her snug cunt with my sperm.
I collapsed to the side and rolled off of Barb. It was an awkward few minutes before Barb got out of bed and left.