Partially inspired by my own time at university, this is the story of two friends who embark on a series of increasingly daring adventures. Any comments or feedback are much appreciated, hope you enjoy!
*****
Chapter Eight -- The Homecoming
'What the hell do we do now?'
Charlie fidgeted nervously and turned to look at Holly expectantly, waiting for some brilliant solution. Unfortunately Holly had no good ideas. At all.
'Why are you looking at me, I don't know...'
The couple in question looked young to Holly, early twenties maybe, dressed in casual hiking gear just like the girls had been. She wondered how far their clothes had made it down the river, but there was no use thinking about that now, she'd left them very much in the shit and there was no going back now, only forwards. The couple's bags sat next to their blanket which they were both resting on, the guy napping on his front with his head resting on his arms, while the woman was on her back with a book flapped over her eyes, protecting them from the sun.
Charlie rubbed her bare shoulders nervously. 'Are they asleep?'
'Well they're either asleep or just lying there quietly, and obviously there's a big fucking difference.'
'Why did they choose that spot, for god's sake. They're right next to the gate, if they weren't we could have just gone round behind them.'
'I know...' Holly groaned, this was really bad. The only alternatives were to go back the way they came, which was unappealing, or to just wait for the couple to leave and hope that when they moved on they didn't come their way. She voiced her thoughts to Charlie who wasn't happy.
'But we have no idea how to get back that way, and if we wait here for too long someone else is bound to turn up. And then we'll be trapped in the middle.'
Holly stuck her tongue out nervously as she deliberated. 'So what are you saying, we try to sneak past?'
Charlie shrugged. 'Do we really have a choice?'
Annoyingly they didn't, and so with a heavy heart Holly approached the gate and eyed the rusty hinges suspiciously.
'I think climbing over will probably be quieter than trying to get this thing open?'
'Yeah, probably. Come on then. Over you go.'
'I have to go first?'
Charlie almost exploded. 'Do you remember who threw away all our fucking clothes?'
'Ok, ok...'
Holly anxiously gave the couple one last look and then gently placed her boot on the gate's metal frame, then pushed herself up onto the top bar, causing it to creak slightly.
Charlie winced. 'Slowly. And quietly...'
'Shush.' Holly swung her leg over and gingerly reached her foot down until she felt the ground, then smoothly stepped off and checked behind her to make sure that no one had stirred. They had not, so she reached out a hand to help Charlie climb across, trying to ignore her swinging breasts as her friend hunched forwards, then the naked pair stood facing the footpath that they needed to follow, and the two people they needed to evade.
Charlie whispered into Holly's ear, as they were only a few meters away from the nappers now. 'So should we run past? Or go slow and hope they are deep asleep?'
Holly though for a moment. 'Try and stealth it I guess, just tiptoe and pray?'
'Ok...' For the first time in any of their escapades Charlie showed real nerves and reached out a hand which Holly took, appreciating the silent show of support. They timidly crept forwards, taking tiny steps and subconsciously breathing very shallowly, studying the couple for any sign that they might be about to wake up. As they drew level with them Holly noticed that she'd read the novel that the woman was using as a shield, and they had the same type of phone too. The same phone which was resting on her stomach, and which at that moment suddenly buzzed with a new notification. Charlie's grip tightened and both of them instantly froze as the woman groggily leant up on her elbows and rubbed her eyes, blinking away the sunshine before she suddenly noticed the two girls in front of her.
'Umm...' She seemingly had no words, she just sat there staring at them with a questioning frown. 'Are you... ok?'
'Hmm?' The guy next to her grunted and shifted slightly, threatening to roll over and see what was up. Holly instinctively let go of Charlie, who immediately hid behind her, and put her hands together pleadingly and shook her head frantically. Being seen by a female was bad enough, but to also get judged by a man would be too humiliating for words. The woman seemed to understand and put her arm out to pat the man's back reassuringly.
'Nothing honey, don't worry.'
Her partner muttered something and settled back down, and Holly mouthed a silent thank you. The woman nodded demurely, a slight amused smile playing across her lips, as she showed no sign of looking away. Holly decided they'd pushed their luck as far as it would go and so she dragged Charlie away, tugging her by the arm as her friend seemed to initially be paralysed in place. They briskly set off down the path, their faces reddening as they imagined the cheeky view they were presenting from behind, to a complete stranger. Holly took one last look back as they were about to disappear from view and saw the woman watching them go, her camera now in her hand, presumably filming their hasty retreat. So the guy might not have seen them in the flesh, but he definitely would later. Hopefully the video wouldn't end up online either...
Holly tutted to herself as she imagined their bodies appearing on some sleazy website. 'Great...'
'What?' Now Charlie nervously glanced back to see if they were being followed.
'Nothing.'
Charlie doesn't need to know that footage now exists, thought Holly, what you don't know can't hurt you. Now they'd gone far enough round the curved path to be hidden from view, and Holly slowed their pace down again.
'I just can't believe we got so unlucky there, what are the chances...'
Charlie scoffed bitterly. 'Of being caught when you're walking around in public for hours with no clothes? Pretty damn high I'd say.'
Holly slapped her friend's butt playfully, making her jump. 'Yeah, but if you've got it flaunt it I say.'
Charlie rolled her eyes. 'Well we have flaunted it now, to one random hiker.'
'One random hiker, so far...'
'Shut up. Now can we please get back to the campsite?'
The next few miles of fields passed without incident, the laws of averages seemed to be working in their favour and after encountering more people than they'd have expected on the first half of their trek they were now rewarded with some peace and quiet. Soon they were back on the narrow trail which led back to the village, and their anxieties were beginning to rise again as the chances of meeting a passer-by increased. As they approached the back of the church the path became very narrow, so they had to start peering round each bend to see if anyone was there. Luckily as of yet no one was coming their way.
'Holly, someone's coming our way!' Charlie recoiled from her peeking spot and the colour drained from her face as she turned imploringly to her friend. 'What do we do?'
'Fuck's sake!' Holly peered around the wall which Charlie was now cowering behind, and saw that indeed they were in huge trouble, there walking up the road was a tall man walking a black labrador.
Charlie hissed over to Holly, her voice strained with panic. 'He's got a dog too, for god's sake. We'll have to go back, it will definitely smell us and come find us.'
'Yeah... hold on though...' The guy did have a dog, thought Holly, on a lead, and in his other hand was a stick which he held out in front of him. And he was wearing sunglasses...
'Holly? We need to go now!' Charlie was ready to run back the way they'd come, but Holly realised she had different plans.
'You know what Charlie? Let him look, I don't care. I'm tired of hiding, we're young and beautiful, we have nothing to be ashamed of.'
With a devilish grin Holly stepped out from their hiding spot and waltzed casually towards the stranger, running her hands up into her hair seductively as she swayed her hips from side to side.
'What the hell? Holly, come back! Holly!' Charlie watched on in absolute horror, wondering if her friend had finally gone completely insane, before the penny finally dropped for her too.
'Ohhh... oh my god! I'm so dumb...'
Charlie covered her mouth to suppress her laughter as she realised that yes, embarrassingly she'd been absolutely terrified of being seen by a blind man. Still with less confidence than her friend she crept out and followed Holly, rushing to catch up with her. They both casually walked up towards the man and then pressed themselves to the side of the path, shoving their backs up against the chain link fence that ran along side. With their breaths held they watched with silent delight as he passed by their naked bodies, his cane sweeping mere inches away from their curled toes as his dog obediently ignored them and continued to lead him away. Once he was past them they scampered off, giggling at the absurdity of their ridiculous situation.
Charlie slapped Holly on the shoulder. 'You idiot, I thought you had gone crazy for a second there, and we were about to have the police called on us or something.'
Holly was pleased she'd got away with it. 'Hahaha, did I really trick you?'
'Yeah, I didn't notice it was a guide dog first time round. I really thought he was about to get the shock of a lifetime.'
'Well streakers and blind people, in many ways they're the perfect combo.'
They reached the church and skirted round the graveyard as Holly wondered if anyone had been naked here before, then thought of course not, no one was as stupid as her and Charlie. They celebrated as they reached the road and knew that their journey was nearly at an end, that they were on the final stretch. They decided to run down the country lane, clutching their privates as they went, to minimise the time in which they might get caught. That nearly worked but one car did come shooting past them round one corner, sweeping by them before they had a chance to dive into the hedgerow in search of cover. In a flash it was gone but the damage had been done, and although the girls squealed with embarrassment they had no choice but to keep on going. Panting and sweating they reached the turnoff, and somehow, incredibly, unbelievably, they were finally back at the campsite entrance. They jogged up the small clearing that housed the gate which they'd left through so many hours before, and which luckily was currently devoid of any holidaymakers, then they hid behind a large oak tree as they pondered what to do next.
Holly pretended to think. 'Ok, so. The only way back to our tent is... through the campsite.'
'You seriously didn't think of this before?' Charlie collapsed to the ground and hugged her knees moodily.
'Not really.' Another lie.
Charlie looked up at her with large Bambi eyes. 'What do we do then? Wait until it's dark? Or you could grab someone who comes through the gate, and ask them to get us something?'
'I don't want to do that.'
'I didn't want to do any of this!'
'OK, fine, relax.' Holly peered out from behind their cover, then ducked back as she saw someone approaching the gate, a huge rucksack slung over their shoulders. She stood with her hands on her hips and looked down confidently at Charlie.
'So there's the big hedge that borders the campsite, and another one that cuts off this gate from the one on the other side, right?'
'So?' Charlie wasn't following.
'So, if there's any way through the second hedge then we might be able to get round to the far side, and then it's much closer to make a run our tent.'
Charlie looked around forlornly and picked up a twig which she twiddled anxiously. 'Ok, I guess?'
'Right, so I don't mind going to see if we can get through, see if there's a hole anywhere. I'm assuming you'd rather stay here, out of the way? Then if I find something I'll come back and get you, if not then fine, we'll have to try ask a stranger for help.'
'You'd do that?' Charlie was at last happy that Holly seemed to be trying to make up for her earlier mistake.
'Yeah, I mean I'll try.'
'Ok. You sure?'
'Yeah, I got us into this mess after all. Ok, wish me luck.'
Charlie reached out and squeezed her shin. 'Be careful, you'll only have a bush between you and the whole campsite. And it's dinner time, there will be plenty of people outside cooking.'
'Don't remind me.'
Holly checked to confirm that once more the coast was clear, then skipped out from behind the tree, darting past the entrance before anyone could see her and then disappearing around the thicket to the side. Once she was out of Charlie's sight she slowed to a walk and started laughing, it had been a close thing but finally her risky plan was almost complete. She let herself enjoy the last few moments of uninhibited freedom as she strolled confidently up to the point in the hedge which she had visited early that morning. Sure enough as planned, lodged away under the brambles, she retrieved the secret extra bag she had packed for the trip, and she unzipped it to find the jumper and pair of shorts that she'd prepared for this very moment. After so long with nothing on her body but boots it actually felt quite weird getting dressed, but soon she was respectable again and she waltzed back to find Charlie, carefreely twirling the bag around her fingers. When she was back at the tree she didn't go and hide behind it, but instead stood out in front and cheerfully called out.
'Oh Charlie!'
Her friend poked her head around and her jaw almost fell off. 'Holly, what the hell? How? You made it back to the tent, that quickly?'
Holly feigned ignorance. 'What do you mean?'
'Those are your clothes man! Where did you get your clothes from?'
'What do you mean, who doesn't wear clothes?'
'Holly...' Charlie was so confused... and suspicious.
Her friend grinned wickedly. 'Why Charlie, are you not wearing anything? Seems a bit daring, no?'
'I swear to god...' Charlie's face fell as she scanned Holly's smug expression. She could see now that this was a trap, the whole thing had been one elaborate trick, and now she was just being toyed with. Holly had taken the bait and switch idea from Charlie's little backyard sunbathing prank, then multiplied it by a thousand percent.
'You kept clothes... just for you?'
'No idea what you mean.' Holly cocked her head and smiled pleasantly, enjoying the drama of her big reveal. 'But what about you then, how are we going to get you back to the tent?'
'Holly please.'
'What are you going to do?'
'I'm sorry about the topless garden thing, that was wrong of me-'
'Well have no fear,' Holly replied, ignoring Charlie's pleas and cutting her off. 'I actually have a selection of outfits for you to choose from.'
'Oh.' Charlie shut up at that point, cautiously optimistic that maybe her friend had just been messing with her, and was in fact actually about to be merciful.
'The first option, is this lovely item.' Holly reached into the bag and pulled out a red lingerie teddy, a corset like item with inbuilt underwear. You know the ones.
'Are you kidding...'
Charlie stared in dismay at the completely useless item of clothing. It looked incredibly sexy, well to be honest slutty, comprised of delicate frills and lace, and each panel was almost entirely see through, the fine material offering only a pink tinge to whatever flesh it was covering. The bigger issue however was that the panties were completely crotchless, and the bra was also just formed of the underwiring, with no cups at all to cover her breasts. It would offer next to no cover.
'Why do you even own that...'
Holly scoffed. 'Wow, ok then, not looking like a winner. Right, option number two, and my oh my what a cute look this would be!'
Next up was a pair of elbow length satin gloves, black high heels and a pair of fishnet stockings. They would offer literally no cover.
Charlie shook her head as she nervously hugged the tree. 'Really? That's it?'
'Oh you're right, sorry no.' Holly smirked coyly and pulled out a head band with floppy bunny ears attached to it. 'You're right, it comes with this. Look at these bad boys.'
Charlie was incredulous. 'Yeah if I was posing in the easter edition of playboy later they'd be perfect. But I'm not, so what the hell is the point of them!'
Holly raised an eyebrow. 'Honestly, they say that beggars can't be choosers but listen to you complain! Well then, last but definitely not least, we have this intriguing little two piece! One thing to note, if you choose this outfit you must wear both items.'
First out was a white plastic face mask with a small piece of elastic at the back. Charlie's blood ran cold as she suddenly realised where this was going...
'And to complete the aesthetic, these.' Holly slowly raised her hand from the bag and there, dangling suggestively from her forefinger, was a shiny pair of handcuffs.
'Holly no...' Charlie bowed her head, half in shock, half in defeat.
'Oh yes. So, which will it be?'
*****
Ten minutes later and Holly was sat in the car with the engine running and the passenger door wide open, prepared for a quick exit. After Charlie had made her outfit selection Holly had left her to change, and prepare herself emotionally, and rushed back to quote unquote pack up. This mostly amounted to pulling out a few poles from their tent and then unceremoniously cramming it into the boot, shoving it down with her foot, then hurriedly throwing their bags on top. Now that they were good to go she got her phone out and opened the camera, waiting for Charlie to show up. She only had to wait a moment before she saw her friend's head appear down the bottom of the campsite.
Ultimately it had been a choice between modesty, in the loosest possible sense of the word, and anonymity. The lingerie and rabbit costume had just been there for Holly's entertainment, she knew neither of them were viable options, but she liked screwing with Charlie as much and as frequently as possible. The real choice was between accepting the last outfit or going without one entirely. In the first scenario the payoff was that your arms would be handcuffed behind you, revealing your entire body to the whole campsite, leaving absolutely nothing to imagination, but in return you would have your face covered, and no one would be able to identify you. The alternative was to walk through in the nude, with the ability to cover yourself with your arms, but thereby leaving your blushing face open to everyone's judgment. Holly wondered what a normal person would do, maybe the logical decision would be to hide as much as you could and try to ignore the onlookers? Or just cut your losses and ask a passer-by for help? But she knew that for her, and for Charlie, and for anyone else like them, the choice was ultimately an easy one.
She hit record and watched on with a great deal of satisfaction and a small twinge of jealousy as the masked but otherwise naked Charlie stalked up the hill towards her, her hands indeed fastened tightly behind her as planned. Holly had deliberated making her lose the boots too, to add to the experience, but she didn't want her to slip and fall, especially now when she wouldn't be able to get herself back up. Charlie wasn't visibly panicking to her credit, she took long measured strides and walked with her concealed head held high, with her breasts pushed out unashamedly. It was honestly quite the sight and the campers around her stopped and stared, mouths agape, and murmured in shock as they parted to watch the naked girl pass through them. It looked like a scene from a fever dream, or maybe a nightmare, and Holly had to pinch herself to check if it really was real - she couldn't believe that she'd pulled this off, or that Charlie was actually going through with it. All too soon it was over and her friend reached the car and slid into the seat next to her, sitting awkwardly on her hands and breathing heavily with excitement and fear.
'Drive.'
Holly looked at Charlie's eyes which even through the small holes of the mask were clearly flaming with adrenaline. Her skin was absolutely covered in goosebumps too.
'You sure? I've got some clothes for you here in the front, would you like them now or-'
'Fucking. Drive.'
'Fine, but the handcuffs, shall I take them off now or-'
Charlie seethed. 'Holly, I swear to god...'
'Ok ok, we're going.'
Holly chuckled and leant across Charlie, her head getting alarmingly close to her crotch as she reached over and pulled the far door shut. She then slowly drove down towards the campsite's exit as Charlie, still unable to cover herself, slid down in her seat to try and avoid the gaze of all the onlooker who were waiting for her to come through again, looking down through the windows with interest. The mask proved very useful indeed as they passed countless of outheld smartphones trying to capture the daring duo's exit, and now it was Charlie's turn to worry about where online her image would end up. Holly just carefreely waved them all goodbye and then pulled out onto the road and floored it, putting an end to the dramatic camping weekend as the two girls sped off into the sunset.
*****
'And that,' declared Holly, dropping her chopsticks triumphantly into her bowl and wiping her mouth with a napkin, 'is why I am the queen of revenge. So watch your back Jess, and you too Jay, because you've just started a war you will never, ever win. Ever.'
Jesus, thought Jericho, Jessica was screwed. Holly had been willing to hike ten miles in the nude, just because she hoped that a few hours later she'd be able to trap her friend in an even more humiliating position? That was commitment. It was like she was playing chess but Jess and Charlie were playing checkers. He'd better be more careful too, no agreeing to any suspicious sounding naked challenges, just in case.
Jessica also looked mildly alarmed, but took it all in good humour. 'I don't know Holls, so far it's one nil to me and I don't think I'll be so easily fooled.' She passed her plate to Holly who took them all to the sink and quickly scrubbed them clean.
'Well then, we'll have to see. But be warned, whilst I was waiting for you two to turn up at the pool I began to start brainstorming some plans...'
'Oh yeah?'
'Yeah, and let me say my creative juices were definitely flowing.'
She finished cleaning the cutlery and stacked everything on the drying rack, then stopped to yawn theatrically. 'Right I am off to bed, that was quite enough excitement for one day. Jess I hope you're satisfied with your punishments, and I'd just like to say I will never go swimming with you again.'
Jessica nodded. 'Fair enough.'
Holly patted Jericho on the head. 'Jay you are a snake, but an impressively cunning one.'
He also nodded. 'Thank you.'
'And with that I must bid you both farewell. Goodnight!' Holly waved as she swooped out of the room, and Jessica and Jericho watched the door swing shut after her.
'Wow.' Jessica leant back in her chair and stretched, looking over at Jericho with wide eyes. 'Can you believe all that? Do people really do this sort of thing? In public? Just for kicks?'
Jericho exhaled. 'I know...those two are the first I've heard about to be honest, I had no idea it was a thing. I assume you and your girlfriends never do anything like this back home?'
'God no.' Jess laughed. 'Like I said, I might occasionally walk around my room au naturel, but that is definitely my limit.'
'Maybe you should give it a go. Explore your wild side' Jericho grinned, naughtily.
'Jerry! What would Holly say if she knew you spoke to me like that?'
'We both know she'd be delighted that I was trying to find her another partner in crime.'
'True, alarmingly that is true. Whoever this Charlie chick is though, she's made of sterner stuff than I. She'll have to keep Holly happy for now.'
'Yeah, she sounds equally insane. I wonder if she'll come visit someday...' Jericho's phone vibrated and he looked down to see a message from Holly.
*my room, now, hurry*
'Umm....' He looked sheepishly up at Jessica who shrugged.
'It's fine Jerry, honestly. You can go, I appreciate you guys spending today with me.'
'You sure?'
'Of course man, don't be silly. Go be with her.'
Jericho was about to get up, but then he had a thought. 'Let me just see something first.' He quickly sent back a reply.
*in a sec, but first you know those handcuffs*
Holly's response was instantaneous.
*what*
*the ones you made charlie wear. did you bring them to uni*
This time there was a delay.
*ok, yes*
Jericho smiled to himself.
*but not the mask i'm guessing*
*no... i do have a blindfold though...*
*really? when were you planning to bring that up*
*idk, soon maybe. you coming to bed or not*
*yes. but first, you know what to do. see you in a minute*
Jericho finished typing and looked up at Jessica who was eyeing him nervously.
'What? What were you saying to her?'
Jericho got up and tucked in his chair. 'You'll see. Want to come and make it two nil to you?'
'Wait, what do you mean?'
'Just come on.'
The pair left the kitchen and walked down to Holly's room, pausing outside it. Jericho put a finger to his lips and Jessica nodded, then silently they eased open the unlocked door and stepped inside. Jessica clamped her hand over her mouth in surprise, then grabbed Jericho's arm as she mouthed 'oh my god', and for good reason. Before them stood Holly, blindfolded as promised with a black sash around her eyes, her hands handcuffed and clasped tightly in front of her, the rest of her body otherwise completely uncovered as she nervously turned her head, straining to hear in the darkness. Jericho just loved the fact that she'd guessed exactly what he'd wanted her to do, and then followed through without any questions.
'Jay?'
Jericho ignored her, instead gently stepping forward as softly as he could until he was by her side. Holly continued to blindly look around as he reached out for her restraints, and she flinched as he closed his hand around the metal rings.
'Jesus, I thought I heard you. You scared me. Hey. Jay, say something.'
He still refused to speak as he pulled her arms up over her head until she was struggling to stand, perching on her tiptoes in the most exposed position possible.
'Jay? Jay, talk to me...'
Jericho looked back to Jessica who was watching from the doorway, half weirded out, half incredibly turned on. Satisfied that she'd seen enough, he took a step towards the bed, using Holly's cuffs to guide her over to it. She realised what they were doing and put one leg up and out to the side, feeling for the duvet with her foot. Jericho lowered her down and she sank clumsily to lie on the sheets, her arms still pulled over her head. She took a deep intake of breath as Jericho slid her down towards the headboard, then undid his belt with his spare hand and used it to lash her handcuffs securely to the frame. Finally satisfied he moved back to admire his handiwork, and Jessica crept over to stand next to him and look down at their naked friend, laid flat out and tied up on the bed.
'Shall I?' Jessica mouthed silently, and Jericho nodded enthusiastically. Jessica grinned and stepped forward, leaning down until her lips were a few millimetres from Holly's ear.
'Goodnight Holls,' she softly whispered in her huskiest voice.
Holly immediately jumped out of her skin, twisting away from the unexpected voice and bringing her legs up to tuck into her body, trying forlornly to hide herself. 'Oh my god Jess, fuck off! Both of you, go to hell!'
Jessica burst into hysterics which made Jericho crack up too, and the tension in the room was shattered.
'Oh god, ok that was funny. Nice one Jerry, well played.' Jessica high fived him and went off to the door. 'Well then, night guys, you two have fun! Holly, I promise you're on your own now. See you tomorrow.'
After she heard the door click shut Holly turned her head in the vague direction of where she estimated Jericho to be. 'I swear, you two are both so screwed, I will destroy you both. That was so evil.'
Jericho still wasn't talking though, instead he was searching through her wardrobe, inspecting each item carefully. Who owns both a dressing gown and a bath robe he thought, pulling both items out from their hangers. Luckily Holly did though, and he pulled out the fabric cords from each, carrying them back over to her.
'What the - no, no, hang on a moment.' Holly felt her right leg being grabbed and firmly pulled straight. 'I really don't trust -- Jay no!' She felt the fabric tie being wrapped around her ankle and then tied off in a knot, then it was pulled taught as Jericho fastened the other end to the corner of the bed. 'Jay seriously...' Her begging was in vain as soon her other leg was secured in a similar fashion, and now she was completely spread out on the bed, only able to wiggle slightly as she tested her restraints which would not budge.
'Damn, have you done this before?' She still received no reply, but did hear Jericho move away and lock her door, before returning to her side. 'I know the strong and silent approach is meant to be a turn on, and it's kind of working not going to lie, but could you just -- ohhh...'
She was rendered incapable of rational thought as she felt Jericho's lips gently kiss the inside crease of her right thigh, and then slowly start making their way up her leg.
'Never mind... ok do what you want to me...'
Four doors down the corridor Jessica lay sweating on her bed, her jeans and underwear hastily discarded on the floor as her hands worked furiously beneath her sheets. The mental image of Jericho nestled between Holly's thighs played round and round her brain, keeping her dirty mind fuelled with lustful thoughts until she climaxed and then lay spent and exhausted on her damp sheets, still feeling deeply unsatisfied.
*****
A week later and Jericho was walking up the flat's hallway, humming out loud as music blared from his headphones. His last lecture of the evening had ended ten minutes early and so he decided to go and annoy Holly, who was meant to be revising for an exam the next day. Her room was nearly always unlocked when she was in so as he reached her door he just barged straight in, not bothering to knock.
'Jerry! Look away!'
It wasn't Holly's scream that greeted him, but surprisingly Jessica's.
'Oh shit, sorry!' Jericho flinched and quickly turned to avert his eyes, as there sat on the bed clad only in her underwear was Jess, who immediately grabbed a blanket and pressed it against her cleavage.
'What the hell man?'
'Oh hey Jay.' Holly was lounging on her chair with her feet up on the desk and a sketchbook placed across her lap. 'You've interrupted our impromptu art class.'
'Oh so that's why Jess has no clothes on,' joked Jericho, still looking politely at the wall. 'I thought you were cheating on me, and with my own flatmate.'
'Nah don't worry, we already had sex earlier and now we're just messing around.'
'Oh haha.'
'Jay do you never knock?' The indignant Jess was now fully wrapped up in a duvet and she threw a pillow at him, with considerable force.
'Ow, and sorry no, I didn't know you'd be here. So is life drawing not on tonight?' Jericho turned and saw that everything was covered so he joined Jess on the bed and nudged her playfully.
Holly sighed as she stretched. 'No, it got cancelled again, their models keep bailing and they've got no replacements.'
'You know you should really volunteer.'
'I said that,' chimed in Jess.
Holly reluctantly shook her head. 'Guys you shouldn't tempt me, I'm not trying to show that side of me, well not yet. No, unfortunately they'll just have to do without for a week. Well I guess we're finished then Jess, thanks for posing for me though, appreciate it.'
Jericho turned to mock Jessica. 'Really, did you offer to do this?'
'No, but she convinced me to help her, and I had nothing better to do.'
'She's been a great help, don't be rude Jay.'
'Fine, fine. So come on then. Let's see it.' Jericho got up again and leant back against the wall expectantly.
Holly raised an eyebrow. 'You sure he can look at it Jess? I draw pretty realistically, and he is a boy. A gross, leering boy...'
Jessica laughed. 'What the hell, it's only me in my underwear, and we're all adults. Go ahead, I don't mind.'
'Mmm, ok then...' Holly maintained eye contact with her half-dressed friend as she flipped over the paper and revealed her sketch to pair of them.
'Oh wow...'
'Holly! You bitch!' Jessica leapt forwards and grabbed the pad, slamming it into her chest so no one could see it anymore. 'Honestly, what the hell!'
Instead of drawing Jessica as she had seen her, Holly had instead decided to take some artistic licence by ignoring the bra and panties and instead drawing what she imagined lay underneath, resulting in a refined but unapologetic full frontal nude image, which to Jessica's horror was uncannily accurate...
'How the... that was not what I agreed too!' She blushed furiously as Jericho laughed at her embarrassment, and then she glared at Holly who shrugged apologetically.
'I draw still life, what can I say? I said it would be pretty faithful to the real thing. I've drawn a lot of women in my time, so I can infer the finer details pretty realistically.'
'You could have warned me...' Jessica snuck another bemused peak down at the drawing, marvelling at how precisely her naked body had been portrayed, even though Holly had never even seen it in person.
Jericho leant over teasingly as if to get another look. 'So will you frame it and put it on your wall Jess? When Holly's a famous artist this could be worth millions.'
'No Jerry, I will not. No offence Holly, but I think I'll have to burn this, just in case. Now if you'd like to turn around again, I have an evening class I need to get to.' She got up, discarded the blanket and quickly pulled on the rest of her clothes, then with the pad of paper still clutched to her front she said her goodbyes and headed off to her room.
'Bye Jess, and thanks again!' Holly watched her leave with fond amusement and then reached for another sketchbook as Jericho slumped down onto the bed across from her and began to browse his phone. She retrieved the pencil that she'd tucked behind her ear and began to roughly sketch his outline.
'Hey, how was your seminar?'
'It was a lecture, and very very boring, I was falling asleep. How's revision for the test coming along?'
'Going amazingly, as you can see. I think I'll be able to wing it ok though, should be fine.'
They chatted about upcoming exams for a few minutes as Jericho replied to some emails, then Holly set down her pencil and yawned again.
'What do you think?' She sat back and admired her quick drawing, then turned it over to show Jericho.
'Oh wow.' He leant forward and stared with genuine amazement at Holly's sketch. Once again she'd completely disregarded her model's clothing and drawn him au naturel, lying back naked on her bed, again capturing his form incredibly accurately even if this time she could work from memory.
'Holly you are actually ridiculously talented, like insanely good. Every detail is completely perfect...'
Holly beamed. 'Thank you Jay! Maybe this one should go on my wall. Although my parents are visiting tomorrow so maybe not...'
'Yeah that probably wouldn't be for the best, it wouldn't be a great first impression of me. Also...' Jericho raised an eyebrow as his gaze settled on his figure's crotch, which sported a photo-accurate depiction of an enormous erection, which in reality he wasn't currently experiencing. 'It's great overall, but I'm not sure that bit is exactly right...'
'Oh no?' Holly looked at the drawing with a puzzled expression, then set it to the side and slipped off her chair onto the floor, crawling on her hands and knees over to Jericho who leant back again onto the duvet, legs apart. 'Well, maybe I can fix that...'
Ninety seconds later Jessica burst back into the room, distractedly rummaging through her bag. 'Sorry Holls, did I leave my charger in here, I think -- oh my god.'
Holly, caught mid-blowjob, released Jericho's cock from her mouth and spun round to look at their unexpected guest, who had immediately clamped a hand over her eyes, with genuine alarmed surprise. Jericho jumped up and stretched out a hand out to futilely cover himself up, scrambling to yank a sheet over his crotch.
'Shit.'
'Oh my god oh my god -- umm, sorry, never mind, I'll comeback later. Sorry.' Jessica blindly backed up to the doorway and stumbled out into the corridor, leaving her stunned friends reeling in shock. Holly wiped her hair out of her face and turned to look at Jericho, and after a moment of silence they both burst out laughing.
'Fuck.'
'I know.' Holly picked up his dick again and waggled it playfully. 'Man... poor Jess.'
Jericho sank back onto the pillows again, seemingly relatively unphased. 'Yeah... we really should start locking that door you know.'
'Yeah. God, that's going to be awkward later.' Holly shifted as if to get up and make sure no one else would come in unexpectedly, but Jericho leant forwards, caught her arm and grinned.
'Woah, I didn't mean like right now. Come on, as you were.'
Holly frowned at him but then her smile broke through. 'Idiot.' Bowing her head she resumed her task, and Jericho noted with interest that her efforts had redoubled after being caught in the act. Three floors down Jessica was just walking out of the accommodation block, replaying what she'd just seen, and wondering how the hell she was meant to begin getting those two out of her head.
*****
That afternoon could have threatened to create some discomfort or tension between the trio, but instead it seemed to bring them even closer, in a weird way. Holly was Holly, a wild, uninhibited free spirit, and Jericho was completely infatuated and would follow her to the ends of the earth. Then there was Jessica, who had initially been taken aback when she discovered just how bold her flatmate could be, but now she was just as intrigued and scandalised by Holly's exploits as Jericho was, and maybe just a little turned on as well. As she had confided months ago she wasn't adverse to wandering around her room in the nude and definitely thought she had a body worth appreciating, but she definitely wouldn't consider herself an exhibitionist or thrill seeker. Hearing about Holly and Charlie's adventures however had opened her eyes to a whole new world of naughty possibilities, ones that scared and excited her in equal measure.
Jericho was happy that despite recent events they had all remained friends, and he'd really come to appreciate and love their weird little clique. Soon though it would temporarily be over, as the Christmas holidays finally arrived after a first term which felt like it had lasted a year. Festive parties were thrown, celebratory nights out were held, and emotional goodbyes were exchanged as everyone packed up their stuff ready to return home for a month. On the last night before everyone drove back Jericho and the girls were all attending their flat's goodbye bash, which was really just a drunken get together in the shared kitchen. It was fun for a while but soon the hours began to drag, and everyone's energy levels started to drop. It was well gone midnight when a pretty intoxicated Holly wandered over towards a sleepy Jericho and slumped onto his lap.
'You ok?' Jericho hugged her tight as Holly yawned loudly and then leant back in his arms with a sigh.
'I'm a bit bored, I'll be honest.' She gestured vaguely around the room, surveying it with a glazed over expression. 'Look at them all.' Their flatmates were looking largely worse for wear by this point, half of them were on the verge of passing out as they lay comatose around the kitchen table, and the rest were drunkenly hitting on each other, spurred on by the alcohol.
'Yeah I think everyone needs to go to sleep. Where's Jess?' Jericho peered around for their friend, then raised an eyebrow when he saw her making out with some tall guy as they stood pressed up against the fridge. 'Oh, never mind.'
'Yeah, look at her go.' Holly took a sip of her drink and exhaled wearily again. 'At least she's having fun.'
Jericho frowned at her. 'What's gotten into you? Why are you being such a grinch, it's the end of term, you should be having fun too.'
'Yeah I know, I guess I'm just tired now and everyone's too drunk to be interesting anymore.'
'Do you want to go to bed? We could just leave.'
'Nah. Well maybe. I don't know...'
'Come on, what's wrong?'
'I'm not sure, I just feel a bit down. Maybe I'm sad about leaving here tomorrow, I'm going to miss everybody. And tonight was good for a bit, but now everyone's just wasted and it feels like it's all over already.'
Jericho had a thought. 'I guess... actually you're right, everyone is black out drunk right now.'
'Yup.'
'And I'm guessing it's the same in all the other accommodations.'
'Probably.'
'And it's pretty cold outside.'
'Jerry now you're being boring, listing boring facts, what's your point?'
'Rude. Well, my point is that I bet there's no one around on campus right now. It's probably the quietest it's ever going to be, all year.'
'So?'
'So...'
'Oh...'
'What do you think?'
'Don't be stupid, I'm not doing it.'
'Come on.'
'No.'
'Holly...'
'Jerry...'
'You know you want to.'
'Do I though?'
'Yeah.'
'No.'
*****
What were they talking about? Well the previous night Jericho had walked into Holly's room after a late workout, to find her already in bed with her laptop open in front of her. He'd dropped his bag on the floor and then sat down next to her, kissing her on the top of her head before turning his attention to her screen.
'Umm, Holly?'
'Yes babe?'
'What is this?'
She was watching a shaky amateur video of what looked like an American university building, where students were lining the halls and cheering along a stream of runners who sped past them down the corridors. Not too weird, apart from none of the runners were wearing anything other than trainers. They were a mix of genders but they were all fresh faced and giggling nervously as they jostled along together, some covering themselves as they ran but most letting everything hang out.
Holly explained. 'It's this yearly tradition they do at Berkley and some other places in the states. Anyone who wants to gets to run around the campus like this, and everyone else comes to watch. And some film them, clearly.'
'Bit of a weird tradition isn't it? What's the point of it?'
'Just dumb young fun I guess, like when else in life would you ever get away with doing something like this, in public? Anywhere else and you'd just be arrested, or maybe tasered.'
Jericho was briefly distracted by a particularly busty student who was too top heavy to be a runner in all honesty. 'Yeah I guess. Pretty crazy though, can't say I'm really surprised it hasn't caught on over here.'
'Urgh but why not!' Holly slammed the laptop shut in frustration. 'Imagine if we did that here, it would be incredible! Serena's been nude in the library but I haven't, but if we had this tradition I could have run up and down every floor if I wanted to. I could have bullied you into doing it, maybe Jess too...'
Jericho snorted. 'Fat chance of that happening.'
Holly pouted. 'Even better then, I could have just done it myself and then the whole flat could have lined up to watch me run past. And my seminar group, all my lecturers... and it would be totally fine because other people would be there with me too! You can't judge a tradition.'
Jericho patted her playfully on the shoulder. 'There there my little exhibitionist, don't be too upset. You've done way more daring stuff than this in the past anyway, remember all the times with Charlie?'
'Yeah but telling you guys those stories just made me want to do something like this even more. I've been so busy with deadlines these past few weeks and the idea of another adventure just immediately turns me on so much, you know? I can't stop thinking about it.'
'How about you do it then? Get the ball rolling, be the originator. Someone at Berkley must have been the first person to do it to even start the tradition, you could do that here.'
'Now you're just teasing me.'
'Nah, I just don't think you have the balls.'
'Wow. My balls are twice the size of yours mate.'
'Nope, I disagree. I think you're too scared.'
'Jericho come on. I can't do this here, everyone would report me and then the campus security would be on me in like ten minutes.'
Jericho shrugged. 'Ok then, if you're too cowardly to do it properly, how about an alternative run. You have to make it all the way to the middle of campus, and seeing as you would be on cctv if you went in the library, how about you just have to touch the main door outside?'
Holly yawned and half-heartedly shook her head. 'No, it's too risky man, I can't afford to get kicked out of this place.'
'How about I dare you to do it?'
This made Holly bristle slightly, and Jericho knew that he'd touched a nerve. Holly and Charlie's dedication to completing dares was well documented, and he was well aware that she hated being called a chicken.
'Ok, how about I think about it?'
Jericho raised his eyebrows and stood up to tug off his trainers. 'See, I knew you wouldn't --'
'Oh be quiet.' Holly put her computer to the side and then pulled her duvet away, revealing that as always she was ready to sleep in the buff. 'Now come on,' she slapped her mound playfully. 'I've been keeping your dinner warm.'
*****
Back at the party tipsy Jericho was keen to bring up the dare again, more just to see whether or not she'd actually seriously consider going through with it.
'You know you want to.'
'Do I though?'
'Yeah.'
'Do I though?'
'Yesss.'
This drunkenly slurred cycle repeated a few times until Jericho reached into his pocket and pulled out a coin. 'Ok, how about this. Heads or tails?'
Holly just scoffed. 'In your dreams.'
Jericho tossed the coin but kept it hidden under his hand. 'Heads or tails?'
Holly paused for a moment, but then that crafty smile broke through and she started to twirl a lock of her hair apprehensively. 'Tails.'
Jericho moved his hand. 'Unlucky, heads.'
'Ok but no, best of three.'
'What? Since when?'
'Come on, I'm not doing it on one guess.'
'Fine.' The coin looped through the air again.
'Tails.'
'Again? Brave.' They both leant forwards to see the result. 'Heads again Holly...'
She gulped slightly and took a long swig from her cup, finishing the rest of her drink for some Dutch courage. 'Yeah like I said, first to three.'
Jericho shook his head vehemently. 'No you said best of three, I already win!'
'Nah nah, I said first to three, and your coin is clearly broken so I choose heads.'
Jericho was going to argue further but he was feeling strangely lucky. 'If you're sure...'
Holly squeezed her eyes shut, she couldn't bear to watch the final flip, and when she opened them again her heart sank as she was greeted by Jericho's beaming face. 'Shit.'
'Three wrong in a row baby!'
'Oh god...'
'Up you get, we've got a challenge to complete.'
*****
Five minutes later Jericho was standing outside Holly's door, grinning with excitement. After some intense negotiating she'd finally conceded that she'd lost the coin toss, and that Jericho could get her to do what he wanted, but only on the condition that at some point she'd be able to get revenge and give him a dare of her choice too. Jericho had agreed to this but only if he could film her run tonight, to memorialize the great event. They'd shaken on it and then quietly snuck away from the party, and just to spite him Holly had decided to make Jericho wait outside as she got undressed. After what felt like an eternity she emerged from her room, clad only in her trusty dressing gown.
'I'm seriously not even allowed shoes?'
'Not if you want to do this properly. Now come on, let's go!' Jericho reached out and took her hand to lead her down the corridor.
'I can't stand you sometimes...' They trotted down the deserted hallway and rushed down the flights of stairs to the ground floor, Holly clutching her solitary item of clothing tightly at the front as it threatened to unravel. They passed through the front door and both shivered as they stepped outside and were hit by a blast of icy winter wind. Jericho tuned to look at Holly, who decided to backtrack and shake her head indignantly.
'Come on Jay this is ridiculous, this has gone way too far.'
Holly stood outside wrapped in a fluffy white dressing gown, shivering slightly and shifting her weight from side to side in an attempt to keep her bare feet warm. Jericho just laughed as he pointed his phone at his uneasy friend.
'Rules are rules Holly, you knew what you were getting yourself into. So, you ready?'
'No.'
Holly hugged herself and continued to peer into the darkness, anxiously looking for any signs of life. Even though it was one in the morning in the middle of December there were still a few groups of students heading back to their flats, as well as the occasional campus security van driving around looking for trouble. Her quick nervous breathes turned to fog as soon as they touched the cold night air, and her teeth were beginning to chatter.
'There's still too many people.'
'No there aren't, coward,' Jericho was still grinning. 'And you're going to freeze to death soon so come on, let's go.' He walked backwards away from the doorway and into the gloom, keeping the camera trained on her as he went. 'Come on!'
'Someone will see! Then they'll call security, or the police, I'll get caught, probably expelled out of uni-'
'No you won't, you're going to be absolutely fine. Now move.'
'I hate you.' Scowling, Holly took a deep breath and glared upwards at the sky. 'Ahhh fine!' With that she quickly ripped off her robe, threw it to the side and sprinted straight past Jericho. He immediately turned and followed in hot pursuit trying, with some difficulty, to keep her in frame.
'Slow down man, I can't keep up!'
Even with no shoes Holly was already pulling away and disappearing into the dark.
'Wait for me!'
'Are you crazy? No way,' Holly glanced back furiously. 'You're not the one who's naked!'
She was going at full pelt but Jericho was faster, and he soon caught up to her as she streaked down the empty pathway that led towards the center of the campus. He managed to get slightly ahead and panned the camera back to video her full frontal glory, one arm pumping furiously as she sprinted and the other pinning down her breasts, not out of modesty but because otherwise their jiggling would be too wayward.
'Jesus christ, I can't believe I'm doing this!'
'Me neither, how does it feel?'
'I feel so alive oh my god... oh my god I'm really doing it...' Holly didn't slow down as she vaulted over a bench to take a short cut, dancing over the gravel. Her skin was still bathed in the light from all the bustling kitchens in the blocks that she was running past, and she just prayed that there was no one looking out of the windows.
'Shit! People!' Holly gasped as she rounded a corner and saw a group up ahead, presumably students returning home after a late night out. This time she did instinctively cover up and quickly ducked behind a tree as she waited for them to move on. Jericho wasn't concerned with hiding so he just stayed on the path and pointed his phone at Holly.
'So Holly, what's it like being completely naked outside at your own university?'
He was drunk and in an evil mood so he spoke intentionally loudly, giving anyone nearby a chance of overhearing him. Holly's eyes widened in disbelief and she quickly glanced round the tree trunk to see if the group had noticed anything, but now the coast seemed to be clear again. The dark clouds that had loomed over the campus all evening had started to rain down over them and Holly quivered as the cold water began to hit her skin.
'Shut up you idiot! This is already hard enough, without you giving me away...'
She scurried out from her cover and continued onwards, not running this time but skipping anxiously over the ground and darting her head left and right as she stared suspiciously into the dark. They proceeded to furtively creep their way through the maze of vacant faculty buildings, checking round every bend before dashing frantically to the next one. Holly's body was only running on a few rum and cokes at this point but that was all the energy she needed, and she kept up a good pace as she moved without showing any sign of tiring. They carefully worked their way past the humanities block, along the gym and swimming pool complex, and finally ended up on the central boulevard which led up to the main plaza and Holly's destination. On this path there were bright street lamps illuminating their way, reflecting their yellow glow off the slick paving slabs, and Holly was relived to see that the way ahead was free of people. She slowed her pace to a stroll and let her hands drop down to her sides, now free to walk uninhibited alongside Jericho.
'I'm singing in the rain...'
She started to laugh tipsily and twirl around, pirouetting wildly as streams of droplets span out from her soaked hair.
'Honestly I've fantasised about doing something like this since I first came here... and it's even better than I thought it would be.'
'Really?'
'God yeah. Whenever I'm bored in a lecture I imagine just taking off my dress and walking to the front, just to see what happens. Whenever I go out for a run, I wonder why I have to wear clothes at all. You know I intentionally applied to flats with shared showers, not en-suites? I thought it would give me more opportunities to have some fun... and now I know I was right. This feels magical.'
She suddenly launched into a tumbling cartwheel and just about pulled it off, but fell slightly as she landed and almost stumbled straight into the path of a very surprised looking undergraduate.
'Oh! Shit! Umm, sorry!'
Holly gulped and flung both arms across her chest as for a brief moment she apologetically made eye contact with the stunned student, who just stared back at her from behind his frosted up glasses. The reality of Holly's stupidly risky situation seemed to hit her, and she was briefly lost for words.
'I... er, ok bye?' She awkwardly ducked away and began to run up the road, and after a pause Jericho just shrugged at the unexpected intruder and jogged off after her, glancing back to see that he was watching them go.
'Hahaha Holly that was priceless, the look on both your faces!'
He caught up with her and was delighted to see her beetroot red cheeks radiating with heat, even this daredevil could get humiliated. Holly glanced back to confirm they were finally out of sight, then put her hands to her head in exasperation.
'Where the hell did he come from! I thought I'd just walked tit-first into a ghost for crying out loud.'
'I guess he must have been cutting across from one of the other paths, and we just didn't see him in the dark until he stepped into the light.'
'My heart genuinely skipped a beat, I've never had such a scare in my life.'
'Well I guess him neither, one minute you can't see where you're going because your glasses are fogged up, next thing you know a vagina and pair of legs are flying through the rain towards you.'
'Oh god,' groaned Holly, cringing in shame. 'He'd have seen everything...'
'Yup. Early Christmas present I guess?'
'I guess, hopefully he was more distracted by my body than my face, because if he sees me on campus next term and recognises me I might have to drop out of uni.'
For the first time that night Jericho felt bad. 'You want to stop? You can take my jacket if you want and we can go back?'
Holly just replied with a scornful look and rolled her eyes dismissively, then confidently strode off up the road once more. One pretty major setback notwithstanding, she was still having the time of her life. She'd also learnt with Charlie that it's always the first time getting caught that feels the strangest, after that initial shock to the system you actually begin to feel more confident in a counterintuitive kind of way. However, as they approached the plaza she reluctantly became more cautious, furtively dashing behind bins and parked cars as she moved ever closer to her destination. Jericho still didn't care about revealing her position so he kept walking along, filming her bare behind with amusement, until the unexpected sound of music up ahead made him duck down next to her behind a row of flower beds.
'Jerry, look!'
Up ahead they could see the library which sat at the center of the large square, and sitting on the steps leading up to the main doors was a bunch of eight late night partygoers, sheltering from the increasingly bad weather under the overhang. They had a bluetooth speaker which was blaring away, and a sea of wine bottles and beer cans surrounding their feet, implying that for them at least the night was still young.
Jericho tutted. 'Damn it, there's no way they're moving any time soon.'
Suddenly Holly felt very small and very vulnerable. 'No... man, why are they still out here? It's like two in the morning and freezing, just go home already.'
'Says the girl who decided to leave a party to go streaking.'
'Shut up.'
Jericho sighed. It would have been cool to see Holly complete the dare properly, but it was a miracle they'd come this far relatively unscathed, and she had made it to within thirty meters of her destination, which was pretty impressive.
'Ok, I guess that's us done then. Congratulations, you did the best you could.'
Holly was sitting tucked into a ball behind the flower bed, hugging her knees as her chin rested on her arms. She muttered something under her breath as she glared at the group that was standing in her way, then seemed to make her mind up about something.
'No... come on, over here.'
For the first time it was Holly who was the assertive one as she grabbed his arm and they scurried off to the left, keeping low so that they weren't spotted. The university's main square was surrounded by a border of open lawn which eventually led to some of the surrounding buildings, but was otherwise deserted but for a few benches. Here there were no street lights, and the total darkness contrasted with the bright lights of the plaza meant that anyone on the grass would be impossible to see, completely shrouded in the gloom. This was why the student earlier had appeared from the dark as if by magic, and it gave Holly her most outrageous idea to date. They reached the edge of the path and quickly ran out into the blackness, the cold ground making Holly's toes curl. Sure enough, even though they were now in direct eyeline of the library group no one could spy on them, even if they were trying to.
'Jay look, we're basically invisible to them!'
Holly whispered excitedly as she waved in their general direction, then did a couple of jumping jacks before she hunched over again in feigned modesty. Even though she knew they couldn't actually see her, the fact that her nude body was completely exposed to a load of strangers sitting just a stone's throw away was simply too bizarre to deal with.
'Ok, take this off.'
She pulled off Jericho's coat and laid it on the ground, smoothing out the creases as best she could, then yanked him onto the make shift blanket with her. She knelt down in front of him and after a quick fiddle with the zip tore down his trousers and boxers in one aggressive motion, only to be taken aback when his fully erect penis shot out towards her, almost taking her eye out.
'Oh wow, I thought i was going to have to.. but never mind.'
She reached out and gave him an experimental shake, and sure enough she could feel that he was already good to go. Jericho just grinned and mischievously shoved her back onto her heels, then spun her around so that she was pointing straight at the library, bent over on all fours. Aiming his phone down to capture the moment he used his free hand to guide himself into her, and Holly gasped at his touch. Very, very gently Jericho began to slide in and out, and Holly began to rock her hips back accordingly as they started to fuck bareback, completely out in the open.
'Jerry, Jerry oh my god, this is insane, this is crazy...'
'I know, I know...'
Occasionally Jericho would push in a little too hard and the thwack of their steaming skin would ring out like a gunshot, causing them both to freeze in position and look with terror at the library group. At worst one or two would glance in their general direction but then immediately resume their conversation, and the two lovers would breathe a sigh of relief and then keep going, using the dark and the music as their only form of cover. The rain was beginning to lash down now as the wind whipped around them, soaking through Jericho's shirt in seconds. He couldn't feel the cold though, just the warmth of his body inside Holly's.
'Harder Jay, please.'
Holly had slumped forward to support her weight on her forearms as her fingers literally clutched clumps of wet grass, as she tried to find some grip so that she could ram her body back into Jericho's with more force. He helped her out by chucking his phone to the side, not caring whether or not it would get soaked, and then grabbing her hips and going to work with more aggression. The worsening weather was getting even louder and so they were able to make a bit more noise themselves, Jericho beginning to pant with exertion and Holly involuntarily whimpering as he pushed himself in deeper and deeper.
'Oh yes, just there, keep it there... fuck...'
Jericho could tell that she was quickly getting close, so he decided to take control by reaching down and gathering her hair into his fist, then pulling her whole body back so that she was sitting up on her knees, every inch of her glistening skin totally exposed to the open air. He began to thrust with quicker and shallower movements, keeping her torso pinned in place as he held her throat with one hand and used the other to reach down between her legs and play with her, unrelentingly. Now openly grunting he squeezed her neck tighter and frigged her off faster as he whispered into her ear.
'They are looking straight at you Holly, and they can see everything. You're the only one naked here, the only one completely exposed, and all your clothes are way back at home... there's nothing you can do, you can't even cover yourself up...'
'I know.. I know!'
Holly's body was now doing its own thing, her hands didn't know what to touch as first they joined Jericho's by working frantically between her thighs, then played with her nipples, grabbed at her hair, covered her eyes, before Holly settled on clutching the back of Jericho's head with one and biting down hard on the other to stop her from crying out. It wasn't long before an orgasm more intense than she thought was possible rocked her system, and as she came her whole frame convulsed and buckled but Jericho kept her locked in place, pulling her even closer into his chest as he felt her stifled screams pulse down her spine.
Holly continued to shake and tremor as her ecstasy slowly subsided, and when Jericho felt the last judders fade away he finally let go of her, letting her collapse forwards onto her elbows with her butt pointing up towards the moon. Jericho felt himself slip put of her with a squelch, and as he looked down at her back and his dick he noticed the steam rolling off them from the cold night air hitting their sweaty skin. He sighed contentedly and gave Holly a gentle slap on the rear, and she reached back to hold his hand for a moment as she got her breathing under control.
'Thank you.' Those were her only words as she lay there, still unable or unwilling to move. Jericho laughed softly to himself.
'You're welcome, not a bad way to end the night.'
At that moment the worst possible thing imaginable happened, as the downpour finally turned into a full blown storm and a bolt of lightning shot across the sky, illuminating the whole plaza with a dazzling white light. It only lasted a second, but that was enough. They'd been spotted.
'Woah, guys you see that? Hey, over there, what are you doing?'
'Shit Jay, run!'
As the darkness was instantly restored Holly scrambled to her feet, slipping on the slick grass as she tried to work out how to get away. She didn't even think of going for Jericho's coat, her fight or flight reflex and alcohol addled mind meant she wasn't thinking clearly, but was instead only interested in getting the hell out of there. Jericho was desperately trying to cram his boner back into his trousers, a painful task at the best of times, then he started to blindly feel around on the floor for his phone. Holly wasn't willing to wait, though she cursed as she realised there was no escape route other than back onto the well-lit path, which would definitely mean she'd be seen again. As she paused there hesitating a second flash lit her up, this time standing completely exposed in the center of the lawn, her soaking body glistening and glowing as the entire library group got a proper eye full.
'Oh my god look, it's a streaker!'
'Hey guys, naked chick over here!'
'Girl don't run away, hold up a sec!'
'Fuck it.' Holly swore under her breath and with a grimace hugged herself and ran back to the path, becoming fully visible to her onlookers who were whooping and cheering from their vantage point. As her feet reached the grippy paving stones she was able to properly sprint and she sped off away from the library, her bare soles slapping against the rough ground as for the second time that night she had to make her escape. Jericho soon appeared behind her, his coat flapping wildly under his arm, and the pair soon disappeared into the distance as the waves of thunder began to boom down from the heavens. It really was an epic sight, and they felt like they were in the scene of a disaster film. Holly fled behind one of the humanities buildings, not bothering to check if anyone was around, and Jericho almost slipped and collided with her as he slid to a stop beside her.
'Here, take this.'
'Thanks.'
Holly grabbed his coat and threw it on, flicking her wet hair back over the collar but not bothering to do up the buttons on the front. She should have been the most humiliated and ashamed she'd ever been, having just been seen freshly fucked in the middle of her university, but in all honesty she didn't, she just felt on top of the world. She jumped up and straddled Jericho's waist, her arms wrapped around his shoulders with his hands holding her bare legs under the jacket. She looked down almost sheepishly at her naked body peeking out from between the zips, then bit her lip shyly and finally looked up into his eyes. 'I love you, Jericho.'
Jericho didn't say anything, just smiled goofily as he looked at the rain drops streaming down her beautiful face, then he leant forwards and they shared the most incredible kiss they'd ever have.
'I love you too Holly.'
They both giggled like idiots and began to passionately make out until another shockingly loud crack of thunder caused them both to jump out of their skins, and they agreed that they could probably do with getting dry. The campus was finally completely deserted but the now shivering Holly decided to keep the coat on, though still with it hanging completely open, as they hurried back towards their block of flats, briefly pausing to pick up Holly's soaked dressing gown before heading inside to bed. They stripped off and climbed under the sheets, and Jericho decided to ask Holly to be his girlfriend. She said yes, and they fell asleep entwined in each other's warm embrace.
*****
Seven hours later a very hung over Holly and Jericho woke up to a knock at the door, and they both groaned in unison.
'Can you get it?'
'It's your room, your door, you get it.' Holly rolled over and stuffed her head into the pillows.
'Urgh.'
Jericho rolled his eyes and staggered to his feet, pulling on some discarded underwear and slowly unravelling a tangled hoodie as he walked towards the door. He looked through the peep hole expecting to see one of the cleaners but instead he saw the familiar face of Jessica. He was still trying unsuccessfully to turn his top inside out, so he thought what the hell, she's seen me wearing less, and chucked it to the side before opening the door.
'Morning Jess.'
'Good morning to you too Jericho. Oh wow, and good morning little Jericho.'
Jessica had raised an amused eyebrow when she saw Jericho's state of undress, but then she quickly averted her eyes skywards as her gaze strayed to his crotch.
'Huh? Oh, whoops.' Jericho looked down and saw that he was nursing a decent semi which was pretty obvious as it strained against the thin material of his boxers. 'Just a little morning wood, you know how it is.'
'Eww gross!' Jessica giggled as she covered her mouth in fake outrage, and continued to look away as Jericho reached down and readjusted himself so that his dick's outline was a little less obvious. 'Anyway, can I come in?'
'Yeah sure. How's the head?'
He held the door open for her and let her past, noting with interest that she appeared to only be wearing one piece of clothing too. Her nipples were clearly poking out through her oversized t-shirt, and the way it hugged her hips and thighs as she walked suggested that she wasn't wearing anything underneath.
'Not awful, but I've been up a while, I couldn't get back to sleep. So I had a shower and drank a load of water, so I'm starting to feel a bit less dead. You?'
'Yeah not amazing I'll be honest. You have fun last night then? You seemed to be quite into that guy in the kitchen...'
Jericho went to the window and pulled open the curtains. 'Jesus. Ok forget that.'
The harsh sunlight made him wince in pain and he quickly tugged them shut again, plunging the room back into near darkness.
'Water, that's an idea.' He turned to the bottle on his bedside table and began chugging it. Such was his thirst that he didn't care as a trickle escaped from his mouth and began to wend it's way down his chest, glistening on his skin. Jessica found herself admiring the stream of water as it flowed over his torso towards his belly button, until she suddenly remembered that this was Jericho who she was ogling, and she guilty looked away and instead nodded towards the bed.
'Yeah I don't know, we made out for a while but then I sent him home and went to bed. Is Holly alive?'
'Should be.'
Jericho wiped his lips with the back of his hand.
'Holly.' There was no reply from the bundle of duvet.
'Holly?' They could only see the back of her head as she had curled up away from them, facing the wall as she played dead. 'Holly come on, we know you're awake.'
A muffled reply emanated from the pile of blankets. 'No I'm not.'
Jessica yawned. 'Sorry guys, I didn't mean to wake you up, I was just getting really bored alone in my room and I thought I'd come see what you two were doing.'
'Yeah don't worry Jess, it's fine. To be honest I need to be up, I should probably get round to packing at some point...' Jericho looked around at his cluttered room and sighed. 'Well, maybe later.' He reached down and tugged unsuccessfully at the edge of the duvet, as Holly continued to ignore them. 'Holly, move.' He managed to get a corner free and pulled it up, revealing Holly's bare buttocks.
'Guys let me go back to sleep.' Holly made no attempt to cover herself up but instead curled into an even tighter ball, squeezing into the bedding around her.
'Let me.' Jessica took the almost empty bottle from Jericho and stepped towards the bed. 'Wakey wakey Holls.' She reached out and squirted a dribble of cold water onto Holly's cheeks, which instantly clenched tightly in shock.
'Oh my god, gross Jess.' With her hair tousled around her head Holly blearily rolled over and sat up, wiping her eyes as she looked accusingly at her friend. 'Is there any left for me?'
Jessica shook the bottle. 'No, sorry.'
'Great.' Holly stretched her arms over her head, causing the blankets which had been pressed against her bust to fall away and reveal her soft puffy nipples. 'Jerry baby?'
'What now?' Jericho's gaze had drifted down to her breasts and he felt blood starting to flow to his groin once again.
Holly batted her lashes and gave him her best sad puppy eyes. 'Please would you go fetch me a drink?'
'No lazy, go get it yourself.'
'Pretty please? Tell you what...' She looked down at her boobs and shook them suggestively. 'If you do I'll let you do anything you'd like to me later.'
'Boundaries guys, I'm right here, that's disgusting.' Jessica now found herself staring at Holly's jiggling chest and snapped herself out of it by dropping onto the bed and lying beside her friend, carefully smoothing out her own top to keep herself decent.
'Haha sorry Jess.' Holly laughed and moved over to make room, before passing over and rearranging the duvet so they were both covered up, all warm and cosy. 'But seriously Jay. Anything.'
Jericho felt his loins continue to get hotter and so with some reluctance he agreed. He went to put on a top once more but this was met with scorn from both the girls.
'Seriously,' mocked Holly, 'after all I went through last night you need a hoodie just to go to the kitchen?'
Jericho frowned indignantly and was about to defend himself before Jessica jumped in too.
'Yeah Jericho you coward, what are you, scared? Wait, what did you do last night?'
'Don't worry, I'll tell you later.'
'You two are honestly the worst.' Jericho rolled his eyes and after a quick glance up and down the corridor headed off towards the kitchen.
When he returned the girls were cuddled up with Jericho's laptop resting open on Jessica's knees.
'Urgh my hero, thank you.' Holly reached out to eagerly take a glass of orange juice from Jericho, this time keeping the duvet clasped against her, and thirstily gulped it down.
'Budge up. I also made you a coffee, here, be careful.'
'You really are an angel.' Holly swapped the empty glass for the full mug.
'I know.' Jericho slipped in next to Jessica and pulled some of the duvet across onto him. 'Well isn't this cute.'
'Like peas in a pod.' Jessica smiled at him as she realised she rather enjoyed the sensation of being squeezed in between the two. On one side she had Jericho's strong, muscular legs pressed up tight against hers, this bed really wasn't intended to house three people. And on the other she could enjoy the soft warmth of Holly's body nestling into hers, in particular where their bare hips came together due to Jessica's t-shirt riding up surprisingly high under the sheets.
'So what are we watching?' Jericho stretched his arm up and over behind Jessica's head, not in a particularly flirtatious way but just because it felt more natural than keeping his hands awkwardly placed on his lap. Holly noticed this with quiet amusement and smiled as Jericho's hand reached out to softly play with her hair, and Jessica snuggled down between them.
'This film that Holly recommended, it's meant to be really good.'
'Yeah Jay, you'll love it.'
The film was awful and Jericho hated it, so instead he dozed as he waited for his coffee to start kicking in, but his dream was interrupted when he felt a shift next to him.
'Oh shit.' Jessica suddenly stiffened and sat upright, her eyes tightly screwed shut.
'Jess, you ok?' Holly paused the film and Jericho turned to look at their friend who only responded by throwing her head back. Suddenly Holly realised what was happening.
'Wait Jess no--'
It was too late though as Jessica erupted with a loud and violent sneeze, lurching forward as she covered her mouth.
'Shit Jess, oh my god!'
Holly looked down in dismay at the mug in her hand which had been sufficiently jolted so that it overflowed and spilled down onto her hand and then the duvet. 'Ah, it's really hot! Damn it!'
'Sorry Holls, sorry, are you ok?' Jessica sniffled apologetically as Holly swore and pushed the duvet aside, putting the dripping mug on the windowsill behind her head and then clambering in some discomfort over the bed to grab a towel from the side.
'Yeah I'm fine, don't worry.' Holly quickly wiped her arm dry and then seemed to realise that she was the only naked one in the room, standing awkwardly in front of the other two, which even for her felt a little weird.
'I might as well go have a shower now that I'm up, I guess.' She finally covered up by wrapping the towel around her and then headed for the door, inspecting at her scolded arm with concern.
'Did you get burnt?'
'No, don't worry, it will be fine. See you in a second.'
As she left Jericho got up too and looked at the wet stain in his bed linen.
'I should probably get the sheets off now.' He unceremoniously tugged the bedding away from Jessica who screamed and quickly grasped the hem of her t-shirt and shoved it down between her thighs.
'Jesus Jericho careful! I nearly flashed you!'
'Whoops, sorry Jess.' Jericho laughed as he bundled up the duvet and chucked it into a bag, ready to be loaded into the car later. 'Here you go, protect your modesty.' He picked up a spare small knitted blanket and threw it over her.
Jessica 'spread it over her lap. 'Is everything else already packed up now?'
'Yeah, afraid so.' He slid in next to her again and laid back with his arms crossed behind his head, more than comfortable being topless around her now. 'Got any more amazing tv suggestions?'
Jessica began to absentmindedly browse the menus. 'OK no, it was actually Holly who recommended that, not me. I agree though, it was rubbish.'
'Ah true, then I should have expected no less, her taste is awful.'
Jessica snorted. 'Poor her, I really tried to keep my sneeze in but I did have to try not to laugh when she jumped up like that.'
'It was quite the sight yeah.'
'And I'm surprised she bothered taking the towel to the shower just then to be honest, normally she doesn't need to bother right?'
'Yeah, well I think after yesterday even she's had enough of -- oh wait that's what we should watch. Give it here.'
'What?'
'Want to see what we got up to whilst everyone else was still at the party?' Jericho attached his phone to the computer via a cable, then after some searching found the file he wanted. 'Check this out.' He clicked on a thumbnail and up popped Holly, wrapped in her robe standing nervously outside the doors to their accommodation block.
Jessica gestured at the screen questioningly. 'I don't get it, what you made her go out in her dressing gown? I mean that's a bit basic isn't it -- oh my god! Jerry!'
Jericho laughed as he watched his girlfriend disrobe and then disappear off into the dark, and then Jessica joined him in giggling as she watched the camera shaking frantically as he tried to keep up.
'No, so she had this weird fantasy about streaking the library, so instead I dared her to run there naked instead.'
'Put the sound up.' Past Jericho's strained panting and the slapping of his feet on the ground played out from the laptop. 'And where was I when this was happening, why didn't I get an invite?' Jessica slapped Jericho on the arm, half-jokingly. 'I would have wanted to see this.'
'Sorry, you were busy getting freaky in the kitchen.'
Jessica rolled her eyes and then returned them to the screen. 'Wow, rude. Oh look, well done. You finally caught up with her.'
'Hey, she was fast ok.'
'But seriously, you made her run all the way there, through campus, in the cold?'
'It's not really like I made her, she said she wanted to do it and I just encouraged her, a lot.'
'Sounds like the sort of stuff she made Charlie do.' Both of them were glued to the nude figure on the screen.
'Well yeah, that was the inspiration for the idea. I mean she gets off on it, I get a kick out of watching it, anyone who sees her gets a nice treat for the eyes, what's the harm?'
Jessica just shook her head in disbelief. 'Honestly though Jerry, this is mental! Even for Holly right, this is really extreme no? Like she could have been seen by literally anyone...'
Jericho nodded in agreement. 'Oh yeah, this is the furthest she's ever pushed it... I mean she is insane.'
'Completely unhinged.'
'Absolutely ridiculous... but it is hot as fuck.'
Jessica sighed ruefully. 'Yeah... yeah this is pretty impressive. Look at her man. Naked, hiding behind a tree in the rain. You ever met anyone else who does that?'
'Nope.'
'Me neither. So did you get caught?'
'Umm spoilers, keep watching and find out.'
'Ok, no complaints from me.'
And she means it, thought Jericho, as he watched his friend out of the corner of his eye. She was transfixed by the video, never taking her gaze off it even when she spoke to him. She hadn't quite started lip-biting or anything clich like that, but either Jericho had a dirty mind or he was sure that her nipples were poking out through her shirt a hell of a lot more than when she'd first arrived.
'And was she freezing?'
'Yeah, but I think she liked it. Added to the sensation of being outside, you know?'
'I guess. If I ever had to do this I'd want it to be sunny and warm.'
'But then everyone would be outside.'
'True. Oh my god, cartwheels? Seriously is she -- oh who is that! She did get caught?'
'Haha yep. This guy just came out from nowhere.' The shaky cam resumed as old Jericho ran away from the scene of the crime. 'You should have seen his face, he looked like he'd seen a ghost.'
'And a sexy ghost at that. Ok but even she must have got embarrassed by that? I know she's a show off but come on.'
'Yeah, I think that one got to her. Not that it slowed her down or anything, but she did turn bright red.'
'So are you nearly at the main plaza now? That's ridiculous, she got so far...'
'And with only one disaster.'
'One so far.'
They both jumped suddenly as Holly shocked them by opening the door and walking back inside. She now had the towel wrapped around her hair and had stopped off at her room to put on an oversized hoodie, one of Jericho's, and again as he watched her walk over he suspected there was nothing else on underneath. Holly noted the surprise and slight guilt on her friends' faces and raised an eyebrow.
'What are you guys doing?'
Jericho and Jessica immediately replied in unison. 'Nothing.'
'Let me see.' Holly sat down next to Jericho so now it was Jessica who was lying next to the wall, and her eyes widened when she saw her exposed body on the screen. 'Oh wow, you two got bored of the romcom then?'
Jericho reached down and squeezed her thigh. 'I thought Jessica might be interested in your latest adventure, and I still hadn't watched it back myself yet.'
'No, me neither...' Holly looked at Jessica. 'Thoughts so far, Jess?'
Her friend blushed. 'Holly you need to be studied by science, your brain is not ok.'
'Thank you, so kind.' Holly unwrapped her hair and tossed the towel onto the floor, then snuggled into Jericho's arm.
'No I just mean this is the craziest thing I've ever seen! I can't believe you went all that way! Dressed like that. Well, not dressed at all. Weren't you terrified?'
Holly looked to the ceiling wistfully. 'Umm, kind of. I mean it's hard to explain, you just need to try it Jess. There is no feeling like it, in the world. You feel so exposed and so alive and just... so turned on. Like literally turned on, every cell in your body feels electrolysed.'
'Really?'
'Really. Plus the adrenaline is insane. Plus the alcohol. I was still pretty hammered at this point, I think if I was sober even I couldn't have gone through with it.'
'Jesus, remind me never to get drunk with you again, just in case.'
'Nah, one day I'll get you to come along with me. Also nice camera work Jay... very professional.' They'd reached the point where Holly had been cautiously working her way up towards the library, and the screen was filled with a slow zoom in of her bare ass as it stuck out from her crouched stance.
Jericho hugged her. 'Just doing my job.'
Holly replied dryly. 'Hmm, sure you were...'
They all fell into silence as they listened to Holly and Jericho's whispered discussion hiding behind the flower bed, then observed the pair run off into the grass. Jericho hadn't drunk so much the night before that he'd forgotten what happened next, and he wasn't sure if they should keep watching.
'Umm, Holly. Should we stop it here maybe?'
'I guess we could... although...'
'Why,' Jessica interrupted, still not looking away. 'What happens next... oh. Oh wow.' There was the unmistakeable sound of a zipper being undone, and then the camera panned down to show an incredibly grainy and dark silhouette of Holly kneeling down in front of Jericho.
'Guys, I think this might be a bit much...' Jericho reached out to pause the video, but Holly gently pulled his hand back down.
'Don't worry Jay, Jess has seen it all before. And Jess, if you'd like us to stop then just say, ok?'
'Ok.'
'Ok, you want us to stop?'
'No no, ok like ok let's keep watching.'
'Right. Here actually, let me turn this up...' Holly increased the video brightness to reveal a pixelated but recognisable outline of Jericho's erection being pulled from his trousers, and he felt himself becoming flustered.
Jess marvelled at the screen, sure she'd caught a glimpse of her friend's dick when she'd accidentally walked in on Holly giving him a blow job, but now she was seeing it for an extended period of time and from his point of view, so she wasn't mad about it. 'So you guys... did it there? In front of those people?'
Holly seemed almost surprised as she had to recall her own actions. 'Yeah... we were pretty sure they couldn't see though, it was almost entirely dark where we were and they weren't really looking out for anyone.'
'But they're right there? A few meters away? And you two are just there on the grass.'
'Yeah ok when you put it like that it sounds a bit dangerous.'
The video proceeded to show Jericho guiding himself into Holly, and the phone's microphone picked up every small gasp or moan or squidge of skin against skin, in excruciating detail. Then the sex began, and Jericho wondered how on earth he'd ended up watching himself screw on camera with Jessica sat by his side. They all lay there for a while, Jericho getting harder and the girls getting wetter with every passing second. They all knew it too, and although you could cut the sexual tension in the room with a knife no one was willing to make the first move. No one, that was, until Holly remembered she had an ace up her sleeve. She sat up and hit pause, then reached for the blanket that was covering Jericho and Jessica from the waist down, and in a flash pulled it away from them. This time it was Jericho's turn to quickly cover himself up, unsuccessfully trying to make his erection not too noticeable.
'What the hell Holly?'
'Remember yesterday? You said if I did the run then I get to make you do something too, right? So I've decided this is what I want, it's time to pay up Jerry.' Holly nodded down at his crotch. 'Come on, pull it out.'
'What? Seriously, now? I really don't think--'
'Oh for god's sake.' Holly was too horny to care anymore and so she aggressively ripped his hands away and then, without even bothering to take off his boxers, she tugged his dick out through the flap, letting it spring free and point rigidly into the air. Jessica covered her eyes with her hands in complete astonishment, but then she couldn't resist looking and let her gaze return to her friend's manhood. Holly nodded in satisfaction. 'There, now don't worry, we're all friends here.'
Jericho was completely taken aback by her assertiveness and didn't know what to do, other than turn bright red and try his best not to look anywhere near Jessica, as he tried to use both hands to press his boner down. 'I... I mean... Holly please, this is too weird.'
Holly could see how embarrassed he was, but they could all also see that he was still equally as aroused, even if he couldn't face that fact. 'Fairs fair, you made me run through uni, now you have to do this for me.'
'But you wanted to do that!'
'Oh what like you don't want to jerk off now? I know you do, we all do, so shut up and start.'
Jericho was still frozen, he only looked blankly at Holly but then offered little resistance as she moved his arms and pinned them to his sides.
'Come on, you know what to do.' She reached down and placed his hand around his erection, curling her flingers over his so that they were both clutching him tightly. 'You've seen me do it enough times...' She started to slowly stroke him up and down, initially having to apply pressure to make him move but then quickly feeling Jericho's own grip take over. 'There you go...'
Jericho had never felt a stronger mix of conflicting emotions in his life. On one hand he felt totally belittled and humiliated, lying here in between two relatively clothed women, one of which was a very close friend, and being bullied into getting himself off as they watched. But conversely he had never felt hornier than he did right now, never more helpless and yet still the one in control, and definitely never as lusted for as he was in that moment. As Holly let his hand go he paused, unsure if he should keep going.
'Yes...' Jessica almost whispered the word as she looked down at his hand, completely spellbound. She realised she'd just said that out loud and timidly bit her lip as she glanced up and made eye contact with Jericho. 'I just meant... oh please, please don't stop.' Jessica knew that whatever the hell the three of them were doing here was definitely wrong, but like the other two she didn't want it to end, she was simply too aroused to think straight.
'Ok...' Jericho was about to resume his task but then an idea flashed across his mind, and he decided to see just how comfortable Jessica really was with this. Without saying a word he unclasped his hand and brought it over to his friend's face. Jessica looked at him uncertainly and he nodded, aware that she knew what to do. Jessica blushed but then dutifully lowered her head and spat a glob of saliva into his cupped palm, and Jericho returned his now lubricated hand to his shaft and began to jerk off again, this time with a new confidence and speed.
'Good.' Holly had watched on in awe at his brazen display but now she needed to get off too, so she leant forward to hit play on the laptop and then sank back into the pillows and hiked up her hoodie over her hips. 'Ok, let's watch this together...' Her left hand slipped down between her thighs as the other rested on Jericho's upper leg, and she too began to play with herself. Their public sex tape wasn't really showing that much anymore to be honest, just a vague outline of Holly's back as Jericho took her from behind, but the sounds of their restricted panting and soft thwack thwack of their bodies was still enough to have them all mesmerized.
Jessica couldn't decide what to look at, she couldn't tear her eyes away from her masturbating friends but she didn't want to make it too obvious that she was peeking, then simultaneously she also wanted to see them going at it on the screen too. There was too much erotic content to take in at once, and she desperately needed to relieve some tension of her own. The other two did at least seem fully focused on watching themselves screwing, so she decided to risk it by pulling an arm through her sleeve and reaching down inside her t-shirt to discover with a gasp just how wet she'd become.
Jericho noticed Jessica start to shift and rummage next to him, tentatively at first but then with a steady rhythm, and that only encouraged him to go harder and faster himself. He wasn't even focused on the laptop either now, he was getting a better image by replaying last night's fantasy in his head, and revelling in the fact that the three of them were all lying there side to side with their hands busy at work. Likewise Holly had completely committed to the moment and was lying back with her eyes shut tight, moaning quietly under her breath, and Jessica was now blatantly watching Jericho going to town on himself, not caring if he knew.
She realised that she'd never seen a guy do this in the flesh. Of course she'd jerked a couple of boyfriends off before, or seen them give themselves a few quick tugs to get harder during foreplay, but she'd never seen a guy full on masturbate in front of her. And she was fascinated, the way his whole chest and stomach had stiffened up, how his forearm was now popping with veins, the fact that he used his other hand to reach further down and grab his balls tightly... she couldn't look away. Her own movements were pretty restricted by her clothing, so she bent her left leg up by forty five degrees to offer some cover from Jericho's gaze, then let her t-shirt ride up higher to her belly button so that now she could pump her fingers in and out with a renewed energy.
Jericho pretended not to notice but he knew it was in vain, he was quickly approaching the point of no return and he was too horny to be shy about it. 'Guys...' His pace had picked up to a furious speed as his breathing became even heavier, as did Holly's and Jericho's in the video.
'Are you about to...' Holly didn't even bother to look over as she had her spare arm clamped tightly over her eyes as she writhed around on the mattress.
'Yeah. Where should I...?' Normally a tissue would suffice for Jericho, but it was Holly's challenge, and she should choose how it ended.
Holly gasped out her reply. 'Jess, Jess you choose.'
'Huh?' Jessica glanced over in confusion as her hand continued to frantically pump beneath her shirt.
'Tell Jerry where to cum!'
'Oh, shit.' She paused to think for a moment, but really she knew exactly what she wanted. 'Your tits. Jericho, finish on her tits.'
'Ok. Ok, Jesus...' Jericho kept going as he awkwardly sat up and shoved the laptop to the bottom of the bed, turning to straddle Holly who was desperately peeling off her hoodie to reveal her breasts. With moments to spare she got it off and threw it to the ground, lying stretched out naked on the bed as Jericho hunched over her rib cage, beating off furiously and groaning loudly, the sinews in his neck stretching as he strained and convulsed.
'Fuck!'
He exploded onto Holly's torso, hitting her chin with one shot and then dowsing her chest with the rest, as spurt after spurt rained down onto her. 'Oh my god, oh fuck me...' As his whole core shuddered he fell forwards with his clenched fists landing on either side of Holly, as his dick continued to autonomously pulse on its own, squeezing out a last few ropes of cum and then finally twitching to a halt.
'Jesus christ Jerry.'
Holly sat up on her elbows and watched the thick layer of semen begin to slide down her front and pool around her belly button. She'd let him finish on her before, more often she was happy to swallow, but in the couple of months that they'd been hooking up she'd never known him to produce a load this big. There was a moment of silence as the trio lay there gasping, watching the small globules dripping down and slowly congealing into a sticky cream. Jericho wiped his hand on his leg, finally tucked himself back into his boxers and then clambered over Holly to fetch the discarded towel for her, and suddenly the spell was broken.
'Well then,' Holly eased the tension by laughing quietly as she began to mop up the mess on her stomach. 'I think I'm going to need another shower. Who's coming with me?'
Jessica realised that her hand was still inside her and so she slyly withdrew it and smoothed out her top again. Jericho might have finished, but she hadn't, and by the sounds of it both her and Holly were still very much in need of some further attention. 'Yeah, I'll come.'
'Alright then.' Holly got up and dumped the now disgustingly stained towel into Jericho's laundry bag. 'You have any more clean towels Jay?'
Jericho offered a hand out to Jess to help her up off the bed, and the three of them stood in the middle of the dimly lit room, smiling stupidly at each other.
'Umm sorry no, that was the last one.'
'Ok then.'
Holly sauntered over to the door, her bare hips swaying entrancingly as the other two both shamelessly checked her out. She knew they were watching, so she kept her legs straight as she bent forward to ease the door open and then peer up and down the corridor. 'Looks like we'll have to make a run for it guys. Come on, let's go!' And with that the three friends launched into the hallway, in their various states of undress and sexual satisfaction, and ran off towards the bathroom with no intention on just cleaning up. Not a bad way to kick off the Christmas holidays and round off what had been a life changing first term.
*****
*hey, my phone says i'm ten mins away* Jericho sent a text and then rested his head back against his seat, watching the streets pass by from the window of the bus which was heading towards Holly's road.
*ok perfect, see you in a sec x*
Her response came back quickly and Jericho smiled to himself. He was actually really excited to see her again, more so than he'd ever been for any girl before. After that last morning with Jessica he'd had to return to his family home for a few days to fulfil some relative seeing duties, and even that short time away from Holly had been surprisingly tough for him. They'd still messaged every day, and even had a couple of video calls which quickly became very X-rated, but after a whole term of waking up next to her each day he'd really missed her presence. Now though he was on his way to see her place and enjoy what would hopefully be a sex-filled weekend of debauchery, especially as they'd timed it so that her parents were staying out of town.
He reached the final stop, disembarked and slung his bag over his shoulder as he walked down the pavement, counting down the house numbers until he arrived at her address. He paused for a moment and looked around, appreciating that this was the spot where all those crazy stories she had told him about had taken place, a spot he had daydreamed and fantasised about countless times as he replayed those amazing adventures in his mind. Feeling slightly nervous he walked up the drive and rattled the knocker loudly, before taking a step back and waiting eagerly on the pathway. He heard muffled footsteps approaching from inside, then the clicking of a lock unlatching. The door was cautiously pulled ajar and his eyes were immediately drawn to a bare foot and lower leg peaking out from the side, tiptoeing on the carpeted floor. His face broke into a grin as the doorway continued to reveal an uncovered thigh, then a hip, and then the curve of a torso. Finally a shoulder appeared, followed by a hand reaching round, and Jericho stepped forwards to go and embrace the semi hidden figure when suddenly he was stopped dead in his tracks.
'Hi...' The head to match the naked body appeared and to Jericho's total surprise it didn't belong to Holly but instead to a completely red faced and timid looking woman.
'I'm Charlie, you must be Jericho?' The girl glanced at him briefly but quickly looked away shyly, and Jericho wondered if he should avert his gaze too.
'Ummm...' He had no idea how to react at all, so instead he just stared dumbly at her, and even began to blush himself. This was Charlie then, the Charlie, the one he'd heard so much about but never seen before. And for some reason she appeared to be completely...
'Oi, I said greet him at the door, not hide behind it like a cheat.'
A familiar voice called out from the hallway and finally Holly appeared, casually dressed in a hoodie and shorts, her beaming smile growing even wider when her eyes met Jericho's.
'Hey babe, nice to see you!' She didn't step outside to hug him though but instead reached behind her friend and yanked the door fully open, causing Charlie to squeal and clamp her hands over her body, trying futilely to protect her dignity as she was abruptly exposed to Jericho. Sure enough she was completely naked, and she stared wide eyed first at him and then down to the road, nervously looking out for passers-by.
'For god's sake Holly! Anyone could walk pass!'
Holly just shrugged. 'A dare is a dare Charlie. You know that, as does Jerry. Now come here you...'
She jumped down the doorstep and leapt straight into his arms, drawing him in for a long, passionate kiss. As their lips met Jericho thought that this was one of the strangest moments of his life and he left one eye open, keeping it locked on Charlie who just looked away in shame. Satisfied with their embrace Holly pulled away and he set her down, before the pair turned and looked at the nude girl cowering in the hall.
'So Jerry, this is Charlie, my best friend, you've heard quite a lot about her obviously. Ignore this,' she waved her hand around in Charlie's general direction. 'We were playing dares before you got here and I think you can guess who lost, and quite badly too. And Charlie this is Jerry, my boyfriend.' She reached for his hand and squeezed it, grinning up at him lovingly. 'And I can't wait for you two to start getting to know each other!'
Jericho looked down at Holly's shining eyes which seemed to be flickering with excitement, and began to smile too. No matter what she did, no matter how crazy or extreme it may be, she always found a way to keep blowing his mind him, keep upping the levels, again and again. He looked up at Charlie with a renewed confidence and friendliness, flashing her a charming grin before extending his free hand out in greeting.
'Lovely to finally meet you Charlie. I've only heard great things.'
Charlie looked down initially in bewilderment at his outstretched palm, and then glanced forlornly at Holly who just nodded sadistically. They all knew who was in charge here.
'Come on Charlie, don't be rude.'
Charlie seemed to deflate a little, before interestingly electing to keep one arm clamped over her nipples and reaching out with the other to shake hands. She had a surprisingly strong and purposeful grip, all things considered.
'Likewise Jericho, please come i.'
With their hands linked together they exchanged a brief nod as Jericho forced himself with extreme difficulty to keep his eyes fixed on her face. She then broke off, quickly covered up again and stepped to the side, pressing her back against the wall as Holly lead them inside and shut the door behind them, finally shielding Charlie from the road.
'You know what guys?
Holly turned to look with pride at her stunned but delighted boyfriend, and her equally humiliated but aroused best friend, and sighed with happy contentment. She'd been nervous about going to university in all honesty, after such a mental gap year spent messing around with Charlie she hadn't been sure how she'd cope with leaving her friend and her home life behind. But she hadn't reckoned on meeting someone like Jericho, definitely hadn't anticipated walking in on him in the shower and using that as an excuse to show her exhibitionist side to him. And never did she think she'd have not one but two people who loved and accepted, and even encouraged, that dare devil spirit. And now she had them both in her house, ready to see how crazy they could be, and the world really did feel like her oyster. She took Jericho's hand and led him towards the kitchen, as Charlie awkwardly shuffled behind the happy couple.
'I have a feeling that this weekend is going to be really, really fun.'
Jericho smiled to himself. If this was a dream, if he was asleep and having some weird fantasy, he really didn't care. Right now he was in heaven, and he intended on enjoying every single second, for however long it lasted.
'You know what Holly, I think you might be right...'
The End.
*****
For now this will be the end of the road for Jericho and Holly's story, interest in this series has slowly waned and I will instead look to start some new projects. Thank you to everyone who showed their support and appreciation for these characters, if you have any ideas for future storylines please leave your suggestions below and I'll think about bringing them back to life one day. Until then thanks again for reading, I hope you enjoyed it all, and I'll see you again soon.