Another online friend sent a short video clip of her sunbathing nude and playing with herself. (She said I could tell you about the video but not share it.) I agreed to write this story for her. Now I have two friends urging me to make my own movies. She doesn't have any preferences for who to be in it -- but not her. If you like the story, leave a comment and tell me who you would cast in the video version.
Scene 115: The Exhibitionist
The scene opens with a slender woman sleeping in a bed, face down. The ceiling fan above her is slowly rotating -- but apparently not doing an effective job as her covers have been pushed to the side. Her pale blue t-shirt has risen up her body, and her deep turquoise bikini panties are in plain view. One leg is bent at the knee, and it gives the camera a good view up her long legs and lets us see the subtle outline of her pussy as the fabric is plastered against her sweaty body. Her blonde hair is in disarray and suggests that she's had a fitful night. While we enjoy spying on the lovely lady and wish we could touch her perfect ass, there's a sudden banging in the distance, like a window or door slamming shut. The sound startles the young woman from her sleep. She rolls over and sits up abruptly. She listens to the silence for a moment. The clock on her nightstand reads 6:05. She stands and pulls the panties out of her crack. The shirt falls into place; her panties still peek out from under the shirt, and we can also see the bottom of her ass. She peers out of her bedroom window but doesn't see anything threatening. The camera follows her as she leaves her room and walks through the house to the back door. She opens it and stands in the frame. Her hands are pressed against the frame slightly above her head, and her shirt rises up above her panties and shows off her figure and ass again. We see her striking silhouette from behind.
She steps out to the patio and closes the door. There are no lights out back, but the yard is well-lit by the full moon. The first hint of the approaching dawn is on the horizon beyond the pool. She has her head cocked, listening, but the only sounds come from some early morning birds. She stares longingly at the moon reflected in the pool, then looks around to reassure herself that she's quite alone. She strips off the t-shirt. She covers her breasts and back at the house guiltily. She lowers her arms after she's convinced that she's alone and walks into the shallow end of the pool. She swims several freestyle laps. The camera maintains a view from the distance as if still spying on her. It zooms in for closeups when she turns over on her back and does some leisurely laps using a backstroke.
After her swim, she leaves the pool and walks to where she's left her shirt on the ground. Facing the camera, she rolls the soaked panties down her legs and pulls them off, over her feet. Then she picks up her shirt and uses it like a towel to dry off her top. She dries her inner thighs and briefly dries her pussy. Next she moves on to dry off her butt, and then she returns to dry her pussy again. This time she uses the shirt longer and presses harder. After she dries off the rest of her thighs, she returns again to using the shirt to rub her pussy -- this time there's no pretense of using it as a towel. Her other hand begins playing with a nipple. The hand that had been holding the shirt drops it to allow her fingers to rub herself vigorously. As she gets close to cumming, she looks around at the ground to find a place to kneel or lie on, but she doesn't want to rest on that rough surface. She spots the large, rubber floatie in the shallow end. She goes back into the pool and climbs on the raft. Her legs are splayed wide and hanging over opposite sides of the raft. She closes her eyes as she enjoys teasing her clit and breasts while floating in the pool. As the teasing reaches its peak, the hand on her breast flies to her pussy, and the two hands finger her sweet spots until she cums. As her breathing slows back to normal, she continues floating with her eyes shut and her fingers slowly moving along her thighs and tracing her pussy.
"You must be my sister's tutor, Kay," she hears from the side of the pool. Kay opens her eyes wide with fear and rolls off of the raft into the pool. She stands in the shallows with her hands covering her breasts. The water comes up to her hips. She sees a beautiful college-aged woman, about 5'5", with hair to her mid-back. She can't tell if the girl's hair is light brown or dark blonde, but it looks golden in the dim light. She wears a one-piece silvery swimsuit that's somewhat transparent. But even in the low light, her prominent nipples tell Kay how turned on she is.
"I'm sorry. I thought everyone was in Florida for the week. Are you Chloe?
Chloe ignores the question. "I drove all night after school got out to get home and just got here, and I was going to swim, and I saw you."
Kay prattles nervously. "I just woke up. A loud bang woke me up. I came out here because I heard something." She shrugs. "I was so hot, and it was so calm here, and the pool looked so cool, and I thought it would cool me off to swim. Then I got out and being out here nude at your house made me, um, turned on, and, well, you saw." Chloe just smiles. Kay nervously fills the silence. "How long were you here? I mean, if I knew someone was watching me, I would've been even more ... well, you saw what happened. Were you watching long?"
"When you took off your shirt. I like being a voyeur."
"Oh." Kay seems to want to cover herself even more and bends over a little. "I'm sorry, I guess, for interrupting your swim. If you pass me my shirt, I'll go."
"I didn't mind." Chloe smiles as she picks up the shirt and wades out to Kay. She hands it to Kay in a wad. As Kay is finding the hole, Chloe asks "you didn't finish your sentence; were you going to say if you knew I was watching you would be even more turned on?"
Kay's very embarrassed and tries to speed up putting on the shirt, but between her wet body and the wet shirt and her nervousness, she struggles to get it over her head. When she's tangled in the material, Chloe takes advantage of Chloe's vulnerability to reach out and squeeze her tits. "Are you still turned on, or are you too embarrassed?"
When Kay feels the touch, she steps back. "No." She has her head through the top and one arm through a sleeve. Chloe approaches her again. "What would it take to turn you on" A hand disappears under the water and reaches between Kay's legs. Kay moans when she feels a strange finger inside of her. She tries to step back again but stumbles and falls back into the water. Chloe pulls her back up. As she pulls her up, she also pulls her close and gives her a long kiss. Her tongue plays with Kay's tongue in her mouth.
Kay pushes away. "What's happening here?"
Chloe pulls the straps of her suit over her shoulders and lowers it to below her breasts. "I was watching you masturbate, and I'm more turned on than I've ever been. Please don't tell me that you don't want someone to play with you."
Kay considers this while Chloe takes Kay's hands and places them on her own breasts. Kay's hands are rubbing the breasts and pinching her nipples, and she feels her own nipples harden as the urge to masturbate comes again. Chloe leans in again and kisses Kay. As Chloe ends the kiss, Kay sticks out her tongue and licks Chloe's lips. Chloe opens her mouth to let their tongues wrestle, and they both eagerly start a new kiss. Chloe uses one hand to squeeze Kay's butt and the other hand caresses the other cheek until it finds Kay's pussy from behind and teases it.
Kay's resistance floats away as the enjoys Chloe's tongue and fingers in her, and she seems willing to stay like this forever. Chloe finally breaks the kiss. She pulls Kay's t-shirt back off. "Follow me." The camera shows Chloe as she climbs out of the pool. Her suit has got wet and is now completely transparent. After she emerges from the pool, the camera changes to a rear view. We see that the back of her suit is nothing more than a handful of strings; Kay is following with her hands on Chloe's ass. After Kay is also out of the pool and the girls are walking to the door of the guest house, Kay is holding on to the strings of Chloe's suit, which causes it to ride up. Kay stares at Chloe's ass as they walk.
"What do you want me to do?" Kay asks.
"Wait til we get dried off." Chloe takes her towel from a hook by the door. While holding it, she pulls her swimsuit the rest of the way off. Kay is feeling shy again and standing with her legs crossed, one hand covering her pussy and the other arm covering her breasts. "Put down your arms so I can dry you off. How do you feel?"
Kay obeys her instructions. "Nervous. I haven't been nude with other girls since Jr. High gym class."
Chloe dries herself off and stares at Kay's body. "But how do you feel, nude at our house and in my control? You know I'm watching you and memorizing your body and I'm totally turned on by it. Doesn't that turn you on?"
"It does."
"You know what you have to do." Kay nods and uses a finger to tease her pussy again.
"I don't know why watching you masturbate turns me on more than any other woman." Chloe plays with herself in front of Kay. Kay's rubbing gets more intense. "You like it when I'm watching you?" Kay nods and is using two hands to play with herself now. This drives Chloe wilder. "I think it's because you're doing this at my own home, out in the open, and you know I'm watching." She pulls Kay inside the guest house and almost throws her down on the sofa. Chloe climbs one top in a 69 position.
"I don't want to do this. Can't you just use your fingers some more?"
"Let me start, and if you like it, you can lick me, too. Okay?" Chloe starts by licking Kay's clit then traces her pussy lips with her tongue. Kay writhes delightedly and licks Chloe tentatively and then enthusiastically. First Chloe has an orgasm and then Kay.
Chloe stands up. "That's a wonderful way to come home." She gives Kay a long kiss. "And now I'm going to do my swimming."
Kay looks dismayed. "What are you doing? I want more!" Chloe starts to the door but stops when she sees Kay is masturbating again. "It's been two years since I had a boyfriend, and I want more than just ten minutes of attention or my own fingers." Chloe is frozen in the door, and a hand is playing with her pussy again. Kay rolls on to her tummy and continues playing with her pussy. "I know what turns you on. You want to keep watching."
"I feel like I'm always on the edge of being turned on, and once I give in, I don't want to stop."
Kay lets one leg slide off the sofa until she has aknee on the floor. She stretches her other leg out on the top of the sofa to give Chloe a clear view of her fingering. "Help me," she orders.
Chloe can't resist. She kneels down so she can kiss and lick Kay's smooth, young ass. One of her hands joins Kay's and fingers her to her strongest orgasm yet. Kay rolls over. She idly caresses her pussy. "Kiss me!" Chloe is mesmerized watching Kay's fingers. She lies next to her so they can kiss and steals a look downward to watch Kay's fingers slide out of view. Her tongue finds Kay's waiting mouth, and she can't help but masturbate herself, too. Chloe feels her orgasm approaching; she rearranges her body so the two can grind their pussies together while constantly promising inextinguishable love for one another -- or at least endless pussy play.
After they both have another orgasm, the girls lie on opposite ends of the sofa, legs spread, slowly masturbating for the other to watch. "Why is it that when you're watching me, all I can think of is how badly I need to cum again?"
"Because we're made for each other. You're an exhibitionist; I'm a voyeur."
"Okay, let's try something. Kay stands. She walks around the guest house bending over to pick up items and putting them on tables and rearranging items on the tables. Chloe continues to play with herself while watching all of her gorgeous lover's moves. Occasionally, Kay looks over to see if Chloe is watching and then has to rub her own pussy briefly. She stands by the door so Chloe can see her profile and runs her hands up and down her body. She caresses her breasts. Chloe is going wild watching this show. "I'll be back." She goes into the bathroom. She slides the pocket door about 2/3 closed.
Chloe rolls over to watch the doorway while her hand is underneath her body and still massaging her pussy. She hears the shower start, and she's curious. She gets up and peeks inside the bathroom. Kay is in the shower facing away from the door She's lathering herself with a bar of soap. Chloe is turned on watching while Kay completes soaping her body. She takes the showerhead and uses it to rinse herself off. When she rinses her pussy, she leaves it in place streaming. She leans over, puts the other hand in front of her against the wall to steady herself, and she moans. Then that hand plays with her pussy in the water blast, and Chloe leans against the doorway and needs both hands to masturbate while spying on the tutor.
Kay drops the showered to rub herself with both hands. That's Chloe's cue to join her in the shower, and Kay turns to face the coed. The girls stuff their fingers inside each other while they kiss and cum to the waves of pulsing pleasure coming from the fingers rubbing against their g-spots.
After almost forever, Kay lets go and turns off the water. "I'm going to get some breakfast."
"Me, too. But I don't want to stop." They kiss again. Chloe is rubbing herself again.
"Me too, but I really have to eat to get my energy back." They hug again, and now Kay is rubbing herself again, too. Kay breaks the kiss and pushes Chloe away.
"When we're kissing, I'm even more hopelessly filled with desire than when I'm just watching you." She tries to kiss Kay again, but Kay holds her back.
"I have an idea. I'm going to make breakfast while you wait here."
"I'm so turned on, thinking of you making scrambled eggs in the nude." She gets past Kay's arms and kisses her. Kay can't help it; she hugs Chloe, and they caress each other's ass as they kiss.
Kay pushes away Chloe's shoulders again, but Chloe tries to grab Kay by her pussy. "Just let me keep watching you and we can play with ourselves and masturbate each other. All day!"
Kay playfully slaps at Chloe's hand. "Damn. I'd forgotten what it's like to be 19." She gets a serious look. "Wait. It's going to be a sunny day. After breakfast, I'm going to take a cot and some towels out by the pool to work on my suntan. And since it's so private here, it's perfect to sunbathe nude. "
"Will you set it up so I can see you out the window."
Kay practically jumps in glee with a huge smile. "Damn, I'm already so wet just thinking about laying out nude where someone I want to be with might be watching me finger myself in the hot sun." She grabs Chloe and they kiss deeply. This time, their hands stay above their waists. Kay breaks the kiss. "Good girl. 30 minutes. Okay?" Chloe lets go and watches Kay run out the door. She moves to the door and watches Kay run across the yard and into the house. She can't ignore her anticipation, and her fingers return to her hot spot. Chloe sinks to her knees, masturbating and panting while gazing out the door and remembering the vision of Kay running nude. She knows that she's stuck where she is for the next 30 minutes and until she gets to spy on Kay's hands exploring her body in the sun. The scene fades.