My wife Kimmy looks very hot in her little black dress, which clings skin-tight to her sculptured form like a second skin, showing every curve and mound of her sexy body. Whenever we go out to a party or a cocktail bar it is her dress of choice to show me I am married to the hottest looking babe in the room and not to ever forget it!
I was sitting on our bed waiting for her to finish putting on her lipstick, admiring her long sexy legs when I realized her dress was about as high as it could go without actually showing off her delicious bald pussy.
"You look so hot tonight! If that dress rides up another few inches, I will catch a glimpse of your panties!"
"Do you think so?" she asked, looking over her shoulder, with a wickedly naughty smile. "What if I'm not wearing any?"
I was stunned for a second or two?
"Wouldn't that be a bit risky in such a short dress?"
"Risky for what? A sudden cold breeze?"
"Risky like someone might see your pussy?"
"Oh, that kind of risky!" Kimmy paused and glanced back at me again, smiled and then carried on with her makeup.
Was she wearing panties or not? The thought was intriguing me and I was getting hard. For some time now I had been encouraging her to wear increasingly skimpy clothes and I had often said it would turn me on if someone got a quick flash or her perfectly formed bald pussy.
"So are you?" I asked.
"What? Am I going to take that risk? Of course, I am!" she said giggling, "I thought it was what you always wanted!"
I couldn't believe I was hearing this from Kimmy. She had always fended off any attempt before to get her to go without panties.
"What made you decide to do it tonight?"
"Wait and see!" she said suggestively as she turned around and presented herself as a picture of the ultimate sex goddess. "How do I look?"
"The sexiest I have ever seen you, darling!" I replied honestly, my cock hard looking at my lovely wife in the full knowledge she was naked under that tiny black dress.
"Good - that's exactly the effect I wanted! Now take me to the party. Let's see if anyone figures out I'm naked under this dress!"
My mind was running wild with the possibilities as we got in the car and drove downtown to the boutique hotel, recently opened and popular hot spot. We had a private party room and there would be about a hundred guests.
Kimmy's dress rode up as she sat in the Mercedes and I could see her pussy clearly if I leaned to her side. Maybe tonight my fantasy of seeing another man look at her exposed pussy would come true!
I put my hand on Kimmy's naked inner thigh but she wasn't going to let me have a feel, threatening to put her panties on which she had brought in her bag if I didn't behave. God, she could get me hard.
"I don't want to arrive all wet and dripping", she said, "that would spoil the fun because I would have to put my panties back on before the night starts and I'm sure you don't want that!"
I had to agree and so I behaved. I couldn't resist asking Kimmy what she had planned for the evening. She shocked and electrified me with her answer.
"You just watch me and see what I do. If I find a good-looking man, I am going to encourage him to find out that I'm naked under this dress. And hopefully will find his way to my naked pussy!"
"What do you mean - find his way?"
"I'm going to put myself in situations where they can feel under my dress and touch my pussy if they want!"
It was all I could do to keep the Mercedes on the road.
"What kind of situations?" I asked, my head spinning.
"Oh, you know - a slow dance, kissing in a dark corner, going outside the party somewhere private - maybe even going up to a room in the hotel if I get turned on enough!"
I was nearly coming in my pants. This was far hotter than I was expecting and bordering on the ultimate fantasy that I had never dared reveal to Kimmy.
"You mean, go to his room and fuck them?"
"Not necessarily. Just let them find my naked pussy and see what happens next. Why, would you be upset if I fuck somebody else tonight?"
I wasn't sure if it was a trick question and I hesitated, not knowing how to answer.
"Oh come on", she goaded, "surely you've thought about it?"
"I have. It's one of my fantasies".
"Then tonight could be your lucky night, big boy!" she said, feeling my monstrous hard on, "if you can cope with your wife being with another man!"
"I can", I said, my pent up emotions pouring out of me. "I'd really like you to fuck someone else. I hope you can still love me for saying that?"
"I hope you'll still love me if I do it?"
"I will if you tell me all about it afterward and let me lick your cum filled pussy!"
"You dirty fucker!" she laughed, "You really want me to do it!"
"Yes. And I really love you".
"I love you too", she said as we pulled up at the valet parking. "Now let me give this nice young parking attendant a good flash then let's go and party!"
Kimmy got out of the car in a rather unladylike way as the young man held open her door. He couldn't disguise his delight at seeing her bald pussy and he gave me an envious smile as he passed me the ticket.
"Have a good evening", he smiled knowingly.
The party was really well set up between two rooms, one with a dance floor, surrounded by sofas and booths around the sides, with drapes separating each intimate area and the other room for a full bar and a buffet area. Doors opened onto a courtyard and people were eating outside in the warm evening. There were plenty of attractive single men, women and some couples.
We got our drinks and Kimmy suggested we split up enough for her to appear single. Once I had positioned myself in a corner so I could observe the whole bar area I watched Kimmy talking to various people. Finally, after about fifteen minutes, when she was going back to the bar for another drink, a handsome guy positioned himself beside her and they quickly got into a conversation.
My heart started pounding because Kimmy looked over his shoulder and winked at me. I didn't have to wait long before he took her by the hand and led her into the other room. It was all I could do to hold back and wait but I gave them a head start before I went to see what they were doing.
Kimmy and her man were in a dark booth and as I walked past I saw them making out, kissing passionately. His hand was on her upper thigh but not yet far enough up to touch her pussy. Fortunately, he was facing away from me so I could loiter by the booth and watch the action. I was totally aroused and I had a huge hard-on.
After a few minutes, Kimmy realized I was there and again winked at me. Then she slightly opened her legs and pulled the man's hand deep between them. I knew he had found the prize and I watched thrilled as my wife let a stranger finger her pussy while they kissed.
By now, Kimmy had entwined her arms around his neck and was hanging onto him, heaving deep breaths. I knew this meant she was getting high on his fingers. I almost shot off in my pants when Kimmy with a violent shudder, orgasmed, again fixing me with her stare.
A man whispering in my ear made me jump
"So you like to watch?" I turned to see a tall, elegantly dressed man who had posed the question. "Isn't that the woman you arrived here with tonight?"
I turned to face him so I could reply quietly.
"Yes, that's my wife", I replied, which I suppose he took as the answer to both questions.
"Would you like to watch her with me?" He asked, making me gulp with surprise that he could be so blunt. I hesitated and he guided me by the elbow to an unoccupied corner.
"I think she's hot and I have helped husbands before who want to see their wife with another guy. I'd enjoy fucking her as you watched"
I hadn't but the images of Kimmy with this handsome man flooded my mind immediately.
"I don't think it's up to me to decide. This is the first time Kimmy has tried anything like this so I have no idea what she wants to do. For my part, I like the idea!"
"Good", he beamed, "then leave it up to me to seduce her. I don't think you will be disappointed! By the way, I'm Chris".
"I'm Don", I said, shaking his large strong hand. "What do we do next?"
Chris indicated towards Kimmy who had unwound herself from her lover and was heading back to the bar.
"Go and get your wife another drink. Leave the rest up to me and watch the evening unfold!"
In no time I was back in the bar standing next to Kimmy. My stomach was doing backflips with excitement and I pressed my hard cock against her thigh.
"Feel what you have done to me watching that guy make you come!"
"I just did that to get warmed up and to see how you would react, so I'm glad you liked it. He wasn't really my type although he was pretty good with his fingers!"
"Is he expecting you back?"
"No, I told him I just did it for a dare to win a bet".
"What are you going to do next?"
"Sit here and have a drink with you until I see someone else who interests me. Just pretend we're not together".
I decided not to say anything about Chris just yet. I was fascinated to see how he would seduce my wife and if she was attracted to him. I wanted her to want him and I was enjoying the game. I moved along one bar stool so I was separate from Kimmy.
We didn't have to wait long perched there before Chris came up and stood just behind Kimmy to order a drink. He turned to her and asked if he could buy her one too, which she accepted and they fell into easy conversation. Chris sat on the vacant stool between Kimmy and me and continued with his smooth patter.
Eventually, Chris asked her if she was at the party with someone and Kimmy answered that her husband was around somewhere but it didn't stop her talking to handsome men like him. He said he certainly wouldn't leave a wife as sexy as her alone for too long in case it went further than talking.
"Well my husband has already taken that risk, so I suppose he will have to live with the consequences!" declared Kimmy, looking over Chris's shoulder at me, not knowing that Chris had already met me. She was falling perfectly into his trap by playing her games with me!
"If that's the case, then I would like to dance. Will you join me?" asked Chris. Kimmy quickly accepted his invitation and they were back in the other room on the dance floor when I took up a safe observation position to watch them.
When the slow dance came, Kimmy melted into Chris's arms and they were kissing immediately. I watched her guide his strong hand between her thighs and I knew his fingers would find her naked pussy. They stayed dancing close and I thought I saw her come again.
When the last slow dance finished, Kimmy pulled Chris off the dance floor and they went back to the bar. I positioned myself at the end of the bar so I could watch them. They kissed, laughed and joked together and Kimmy whispered something in his ear. Chris nodded and got up, leaving the party.
I was disappointed, thinking that everything had gone wrong but then I saw Kimmy texting on her phone, a few seconds before a text arrived for me.
"I have asked that very sexy man to get a room so he can fuck me. Do you mind?"
I could barely answer with my trembling fingers.
"No, I don't mind..."
"You want your wife to have her first strangers cock?" she teased.
"Yes. Can I come and watch?"
"No. I want you to wait here, use your imagination!"
Although I really wanted to watch, Kimmy had a point. Somehow it was very hot being kept at a distance.
"How about you invite me up later for sloppy seconds?"
"I will see what I can arrange once I'm full of his come!"
Kimmy looked up from her phone and fixed me with a sexy knowing stare. She understood my depravity and was feasting on it for her own pleasure. Her expression changed to a condescending smirk as Chris entered the room and then she turned smiling to him, ignoring me completely. I watched as he took my wife's hand and led her away. Neither of them looked back.
For the next hour, I sat on my bar stool, my mind swirling with thoughts of Kimmy with her lover. What were they doing? How was she responding to his cock? What did they look like together? How many times had she come? How many times had he filled her with his sperm?
Then a text arrived.
"His cock is so big and powerful!"
I nearly came in my pants not even touching myself.
"Tell me more. Please".
"We fucked in five different positions".
Kimmy was keeping her answers short. She would know how much it teased me.
"Did he come in you?"
"Twice. Very deep".
"What about you?"
"Blissfully. Four times. The best EVER!"
That last text cut me but also electrified me. I would have to come soon! This was so hot!
"Is he still with you?"
There was quite a long pause before the next text arrived.
"Yes. I'm sucking him and he's getting hard again".
"He knows you are texting me?"
"Of course. I told him you want to watch me being fucked".
"So can I come and watch?"
Then there was another long pause.
"Room 917. You can come in my mouth while he fucks me from behind!"
It seemed to take me an eternity to get there. I found the door ajar and let myself in closing it behind me. On the bed, Chris was slowly sawing his massive cock into Kimmy from behind. She was panting like a dog with a dreamy half hypnotized look on her face.
"Man your wife has the sweetest tight pussy I have ever fucked!" Called out Chris as I quickly started to shed my clothes.
"And I just love his cock!" exclaimed Kimmy, looking at me through heavy hooded eyes, lost in her own lust.
I knew what to do and knelt on the bed in front of Kimmy, thrusting my aching cock at her face. She looked up at me like a wanton slut, taking my cock in one hand.
"You like this? You like watching me fuck?"
"Yes!" was my simple answer.
"Get used to it then!" she sneered and took my cock in her mouth. I moved forwards so every thrust from Chris drove her throat deep on my cock. Somehow she took it without gagging. Honestly, I didn't last long.
The erotic sight of my wife sandwiched between me and another man pounding her pussy was more than I could take. I shot the biggest load I can remember. Kimmy gurgled and spluttered a little and still swallowed it all. What a girl!
Kimmy just kept sucking on me so my cock hardly softened at all. Chris was slamming into her more powerfully now and I could see he was getting close.
"You gonna get some more of Chris's come now, my slutty bitch!"
"Oh yes! I love your come! Give me all of it!"
"I've got a special treat for you!"
With that, Chris moistened two of his fingers in his mouth and forced them into Kimmy's tight sphincter. She gasped on my cock and her eyes shot wide open. She knew what was coming next but made no attempt to stop Chris. I was amazed because she had never let me take her in the bum.
Chris's cock was already slimy and wet from her juices and his own come, so he managed to get the head of his cock up her chute quite easily. Then, slowly, to the sounds of Kimmy's mewing, he began to drive more and more of his thick meat into her virgin back hole. By now, I was rock hard again and Kimmy was sucking me like a porn queen, saliva dropping in strands from her gagging mouth.
Chris looked straight at me with a big grin on his face.
"Is this what you wanna see Don? You like watching another cock in your wife?"
I just nodded. He knew.
That seemed to please Chris and he started to groan. Kimmy had already put a hand between her legs and was frantically pinging her clit so when he started to unload in her back cavern Kimmy came too.
When it was over, Kimmy just collapsed on the bed and kept repeating: "That was amazing!"
Chris went into the bathroom and I lay beside my used wife and kissed her come tasting mouth.
"That was so fucking hot!" I said eventually.
"Tell me about it!" joked Kimmy. "My pussy has never been so happy".
We kissed and giggled, like naughty kids who had just got away with something totally forbidden.
Chris came out of the bathroom and told us we could stay and use the room for a while. He was going down to the party again. He asked us to tidy up the bed if we left in case he got lucky again tonight. He also said to come and get him if I wanted him to fuck Kimmy again.
When Chris was gone, I slid down the bed and opened Kimmy's legs. Her pussy was puffy and leaking come. Gently I started to lap at her, sucking out Chris's come.
"That feels beautiful", cried out Kimmy, little happy tears forming in her eyes. Slowly I brought my slut-wife to a long lingering orgasm, which rewarded me with huge globs of come to drink down, pushed out by each spasm. Then I turned her over and took the reward of her bottom as my sloppy seconds. We had both found a new sexual heaven.
That was two years ago now and I have watched Kimmy with nine of the eleven men she has had since then.
I am sitting here at the end of the bed watching her put on a little black dress. I wonder what will happen tonight?