©Copyright 2023 by Mary the Wollstonecraft Woman

This is a work of fiction and not intended to promote a lifestyle. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author's imagination or used fictitiously. Any similarity to any person, living or dead, is merely coincidental.

The Boarder


Some College Town in the 1990s

My husband understood he was playing with fire when we solicited a boarder from the local college. When a young, black 18-year-old freshman man showed up at our door, asking about the space, my husband invited him to check out the room.
The boy, TyQuan Simpson, was tall, muscular, and handsome, but shy and reserved. My husband pumped him for information, asking about the sport he played. "None," TyQuan answered. What extracurricular activities he participated in, "Don't do anything. I'm here to learn."
Getting more personal, "What about girlfriends? Do you date a lot?"
"No, sir, don't date at all. Like I told you, I'm here to learn." Every few seconds, his eyes darted to me and returned to my husband.
"Does the price include any meals?" TyQuan asked.
"Yes," I answered. "Breakfast is at 7:00 am, giving you plenty of time to make your first class. Evening meals will be at 7:00 pm. If you're here around the noon hour, I'll fix you lunch."
"TyQuan," my husband, Blake, said, "When do you want to move in?"
"Well, I'm staying in a motel," TyQuan said. His eyes shifted around the room, locking on my eyes with momentary glances, returning his gaze to my husband or staring blankly at the floor or walls. "Today, if it'd be okay. I got the money for the first month." He dug money out of his front pocket.
"Well, son, hang on to your money," Blake said. "After all, the month doesn't start until Monday, and classes don't begin until the 17th. How about this first month is a get-to-know-each-other period? You hang on to your cash and pay us for September, this first month and a few days is on us. You just help my wife around the house."
TyQuan moved in, and the first week proceeded without incident. But the first weekend, well, that's when my husband hatched his little scheme. Unknown to me, Blake had installed a hidden camera system in every room of the house. He made his excuse on Saturday morning of going to play two rounds of golf.
"Thirty-six holes of Golf?" I said.
"Yes, dear," he said. Adding, "Entertain TyQuan and have some fun."
I knew what Blake Goldman wanted, what he meant. He wanted me to have fun and seduce the young black man. The young man tripped two triggers at the same. He was in the magical age between 18 and 23, between hay and grass, not yet a man, no longer a boy. I certainly needed no encouragement. In truth, since he walked into my life, I obsessed over his swarthy skin, tall, muscular frame, large hands, and long thin fingers.
What I didn't know was my husband only went as far as his workshop. Yeah, he had his new security system fried up and ready to. He installed the system while I was on a shopping spree. He'd be spying on us with 36-six cameras. That was his golf rounds.
And I know TyQuan liked me. The boy stared at my breasts all last night. Really, he'd been ogling my body since our first meeting. For my part, I teased him a bit. I started wearing low-cut tops around the house. Showing off my deep cleavage. Advertising myself as available. I'd drape myself over a chair and lean toward him.
The gorgeous black stud stared at me like an ice cream sundae. I could almost see the drool dripping from TyQuan's mouth as he took in my voluptuous curves. His eyes were always peeking at my cleavage. His blue jeans always showed his appreciation.
My husband seemed oblivious to what happened as the boy's eyes darted toward my husband. TyQuan would flash a smile, retreat coyly from the situation covering his crotch as he left the room. His flesh tones darkened when this happened.
Blake said he was an introvert, had kept himself out of trouble, and hadn't been with many, or maybe any, girls. I asked how he knew this.
Blake said, "TyQuan told me. He's never kissed a girl, much less done more."
TyQuan's skin had a smooth baby's butt quality, full lips, and high cheekbones. His biceps and thigh muscles press hard against his clothing. TyQuan's cologne was a clean, manly scent from a bottle with a nautical theme. We'd change that, some more expensive, something with more of a pleasant, enticing musk.
At night, standing outside his door, I listened to him masturbating. There was this sloshing and thumping. Whatever he used for lubrication had a sweet strawberry aroma. Muffled moans and groans escaped his lips, and in his enthusiasm, his bed squeaked and thumped.
I got so turned on that my fingers brushed over my nipples, my other hand buried inside my pants and panties, and I rubbed one out as he pounded away. When he got near the end, I'd hear the thumping of his headboard knocking on the wall. And that's when my pussy clenched around my fingers, and I'd gush moisture.
Every time his cock swelled, and I tingled and moistened. Much of the time, I could see his cock bulge through his jeans. The bulge in his pants always caught my attention. Today, with permission given, was going to be the day.
At ten, I went to TyQuan's door.
"Sweetie, would you like a fresh cup of coffee?" I asked.
"Yes, Mrs. Goldmann," he said.
I opened the door and poked my head into the room. Grabbing his shirt, covering his massive chest. His cheeks darkened. He stood, turned his back, and pulled the t-shirt over his head. And turned back to me.
"I'll be right out."
"First, don't be so shy. We're in close quarters here. Everyone is going to see something of the other people at some point. Second, I'll bring you the coffee. Oh, and third, call me Judith, okay."
"I'll try ... Judith," he stammered.
"Okay, I'll get us some coffee and be right back." I stepped back into the hall.
"Judith," he said.
Moving back inside the room. "Yes?"
"Y'all didn't go to Synagogue today."
"I went last night, but you wouldn't know that since you went with Blake to the movies. I'll be right back, darling."
His cheeks darkened again. TyQuan gazed at something behind. His crotch swelled up, giving me a lovely lump to admire. Turning away from him.
"I'll be back soon. You stay there and relax while I brew a fresh pot."
Always, my eyes found the bulge in his pants. I could spot his pants bulging through his jeans, but most of the time, his prick was nicely outlined on the inside of his left leg. When his penis grew, the blue denim seemed as if it might rip to allow the shaft freedom. When he wore looser clothing, his rod bundled up front, plain sin.
In the past few days, the boy started wearing aftershave, Brut, or a Musk, a top-dollar scent he probably couldn't afford. Perhaps, more than anything, the smell was muskiness pervading the air. His lust.
Quickly I changed into a low-cut minidress, complete with a plunging neckline, form-fitting and easy to remove. I wore no underthings. You see, I was going to pick his cherry and educate him in the ways to be an Adonis in a manner to match his appearance.
The dress fit tight, hugging my chest, hips, and thighs. The plunging neckline revealed cleavage, while the hemline fell to my very upper thighs. I put on some silver and gold bracelets, a pendant, and then some matching earrings, and I was good to go.
When I brought him his coffee, he still sat on the edge of the bed. Thinking about it, he seemed to be in a stupor, as if a battle had gone on in his brain. The thought occurred to me he had mixed emotions troubling him. Well, I'd settle his nerves and decide for him. Virgins are such fragile things.
"I'm back, baby," I said, and he gazed at me. The longing in his eyes told me all I needed to know.
Yes, I'd caught TyQuan's eyes, and I smiled. With a dart of his eyes, his gaze shifted to the plunging neckline. When his eyes widened, the outline of his penis hardening beneath his jeans told me we would soon be intimate. Putting the two cups of coffee on his desk, I smoothed my hands over my breasts and hips.
"TyQuan, dear. How do you think I look?" I asked.
"You look fine," he said.
"Honey, I mean, is there something wrong?"
"No, I like a woman who wears sexy clothes," he said, smiling. "Just never saw a woman dressed like you up close afore. You're a roasting hot woman. Blake's a lucky man."
"Yes, TyQuan, I'm a married woman," I said.
"I know, and I am sorry, but maybe if you let me, I could fantasize about you later. That coffee sure'nuff smells good," TyQuan said, taking a cup and sipping it.
"You want me, don't you?" I asked.
"I'll just fantasize, don't want to hurt Mr. Goldmann and don't have time for getting off track in my schooling."
Moving right in front of him, I took his coffee and put it back on the desk.
"Blake won't mind. He told me you're a virgin and asked me to change that. Again, you want to make love to me, don't you?"
"No," he said, then stammered a moment and ducked his head, staring at his feet. "I mean, yes, I mean, well mean. Ya know, I don't know how, Mrs. Goldmann, Judith."
"Don't worry about that. Now admit that you want to touch me, sweetheart?" I asked.
"You sure Mr. Blake is alright with this, 'cause I'm not sure."
"I'm positive," I said. Bending, I took the t-shirt in hand, tugged it over his head, down his back, and off his arms. Throwing the shirt, I ran my hand over his taught muscled chest and black granite arms.
"Your blushing again," I said, running my fingers over his smooth face. "You're cheeks turn the most appealing shade of blackish blue when you do."
Pressing my lips to his, snacking my tongue to his mouth, I kissed him. His inexperience showed. He didn't touch me, didn't react with his mouth. As if I kissed a statue, a beautiful life-sized onyx carving of a Greek god, he hadn't a clue what to do. As we continued to kiss, my tongue fucking his mouth, he figured it out.
We stood. TyQuan hunched down toward me, me stretching up to him. The black fabric wrinkled under his hands, and he fumbled, trying to unfasten the buttons on the back. Before it settled on the floor. I put my hand upon the center of my back and pull out the hook and eye closure fastenings, one by one.
The dress puddles on the floor around my feet. Stepping from the dress, I guided him to sit on the bed's edge. With fascinated curiosity, TyQuan gazes at me, holding a wonder in those lovely dark eyes.
The air changed, soured with the scent of a teenage boy, the musk of healthy nervous sweat, the aftershave mingled with the hormonally charged teen aroma of lust. Kneeling instinctively, I reached for his belt, unbuckled it, unbuttoned the waistband, unzipped his fly, and tugged his jeans off his hips.
Reaching inside, I grasped his rock-hard snake and removed it. His dick sprang out angrily in need. TyQuan took a deep breath, eyeing me as I licked it from the tip to his balls. His cock responded to my touch. It hardened and lengthened as I stroked him with gentle but insistent nudging of his flesh against my palm as my hand closed around him. I squeezed and squeezed, each time under more pressure, gliding down the long shaft until I touched his ball, lodging them against my palm.
Kissing the tip of his cock, I shifted from the floor and sat beside him. Lowering my head, I wrapped my lips around his helmet and slowly glided down the shaft one inch after another. The press of his glans on my tongue as I swallow and continue to go lower. With this incredible warmth, I floated my velvet, soft mouth over his prick, and it slid past my tongue.
Slowing at first, I moved up and down the shaft, my tongue corkscrewing his marble flesh. My lips on his meat and my tongue twirling about his dick. I concentrated on the veins bulging in his lengthy, thickly veined cock, the way they swelled and twisted and undulated.
Stopping a moment, I gazed at TyQuan's face. An affection glows, and his concentration broke. He put his left hand on the back of my head and guided me back to his penis. With each downward glide, I swallow more of his length.
With his cock engulfed inside my mouth, his breath became shallow and rapid, his fingers grasping hunks of my hair. More than hair, it was his anchor to reality, to hold him back from the blissful quicksand of his orgasm.
The taste of TyQuan's dick is mild, considering I am deep-throating him. A faint flowery scent invaded my nostrils, a mixture of sweat, perfume, aftershave, and heady sex.
TyQuan's cock was long as a large cucumber, with a more massive girth. Veins wove across its side like delicate lace, and a tight, thin sheath of skin encased it, which moved in concert with my sucking. Slurping and sucking was all we heard as I caressed and kissed his cock. That and the wet, squishing sound of my mouth sliding up and down his shaft. Coaxing him nearer and nearer to his climax.
As he neared completion, he lovingly pawed my curves with gentleness, and my flesh turned to goosebumps at his soft touch.
Every nerve in TyQuan's body quivered as I caressed, licked, and sucked on it all the way until he exploded in a wild, ecstatic frenzy. Gazing into his eyes, then back down at his dick with a mischievous grin.
Opening my mouth, I showed him his thick, disgorged semen. Swallowing it, I smiled and took his hand in my hands. Our lips met, and we kissed again for a few moments. As he lay back in a few minutes, I removed his pants from his legs and threw them carelessly away.
Lying on top of TyQuan, reaching between my legs, I rubbed his cock stiff again. Positioning myself over him, slowing, I rubbed the head on my dripping wet cunt. His length slowly entered me and I sensed a spark of electricity as it did. I breathed in deeply while rubbing his tip against my wetness and eased him inside. My cunt greedily clutched his shaft and squeezed him, devouring him with its hot walls.
My eyes closed as I felt every inch of him enter me. The sensation was too much for words to describe. The hardness of him pushing into me, the warmth of his flesh against mine, and the sheer pleasure coursing through me like an electric shockwave.
Slowly at first, but gradually increasing in intensity, I began rocking back and forth on him; up and down, side to side; using every motion possible to drive us insane with pleasure.
We both lay on the bed in each other's arms, exhausted from our wild lovemaking session. I could feel TyQuan's heartbeat racing against my chest and heard his heavy breathing in my ear as we lay there silently, savoring the afterglow.
TyQuan was still for a few moments before finally speaking softly.
"That was amazing." He said with admiration.
I smiled and snuggled into him, further enjoying the warmth radiating from his body.
He looked down lovingly at me, tracing shapes onto my skin with his fingertips, sending shivers of pleasure down my spine. He drifted his hand to cup my face before kissing me tenderly.
The kiss lasted a moment before he pulled away slightly and asked me if I was okay. I grinned back at him and nodded, happy I had been first.
We lay embraced in that position for some time until I finally broke away and stood up, slowly stretching out my aching muscles. TyQuan watched me intently, with an unreadable expression on his face. For what felt like ages, he just looked at me before eventually speaking again.
"Thank you," he said quietly, "for letting me experience that."
The appreciation he expressed filled me with emotion. It was a memorable experience for both of us-TQuan learned to trust and submit himself to another person for the first time, and he explored intimacy with someone new. I'd made his first fuck unforgettable, and that made me happy.
He smiled at me again before patting the bed next to him invitingly and asked if I wanted to stay with him for a while longer. Of course, I did. We whispered anything and everything, lying side by side until late afternoon. Drifting into sleep, we held tight together until my husband's voice woke us up.
"You guys put on a great show."
Blake and I retired to our room, where Blake ate TyQuan's cum from me for a long time. Then we made passionate love. As he fucked me, he whispered, again and again, "He's watching us. Bet he'll want to be on top next time."
"You're so much bigger than him," I whispered. Turning my head, I saw TyQuan jacking himself in the door of our room. Blake lost his load in me, filling me with his cum.
Arching up, Blake turned his head to TyQuan, "Come over here and eat her clean. Then fuck her again and I'll watch you get your education."