(This is a re-publish of a story I wrote for my friend yourcumkitten a number of years ago. She would tell me what she wanted to happen with her character, and I'd weave it into a story. Hopefully it is as well received now as when I first posted it here. And, yourcumkitten, if you're still around, enjoy!)
Steam curled from my coffee as I turned the pages. I'd been surprised when I needed to turn on a light to read this morning - time had passed so quickly, and summer was almost over! The days were getting shorter. I hadn't heard a word from Him since that last eventful night, over a month ago. I didn't expect to.
I keep the diary locked in my nightstand, kept safe from my husband's eyes. My god, the diary! A catalogue of all my delicious sins, the leverage He used to make me do as He said! He gave it back to me that last night, as agreed upon in the contract. I keep it locked away, of course, except at times like these, when I find myself alone and needing to remind myself that it was all real. Although the handwriting is mine, and I lived the story, my heart pounds, and I find myself getting wet.
I nearly jumped out of my chair when my phone rang, dancing across the tabletop as it vibrated. It's amazing how I still have such intense guilt mixed with the pleasure as I read the diary, and the ringing phone made me feel like I'd been caught with my hand in the cookie jar. Or down my panties.
It was suzanne, my beautiful friend and neighbor! She had shared that last day with me, and it had been as intense an experience for her as it had been for me. Today is a "ladies' day," as we like to call them - one of those too-rare days we are both free to hang out and do whatever we want, all day. I always love these days, and today feels extra special. You see, suzanne has been talking about how she longs to be in the position I found myself in, subject to His wishes and commands. She tried calling him, but the number had been disconnected. She placed a couple of ads, but they only attracted freaks and scammers. So, we came up with an idea.
She's going to submit to me.
I'm terribly excited at the idea, but I also don't know what I'm doing, really! As I've tried to think of how to proceed, I realize it's a lot of pressure and responsibility! A couple months ago, I was a bored housewife and mom who never really thought of these things. Then, through what I thought was just a silly roleplay game, I got stretched to my limits! I never would have done the things I did unless I was coerced. That was my motivation. suzanne's motivation is a little different - she knows what she's getting into, and is going there willingly.
Still, I have to figure out how to do for suzanne what He did for me. I need to expand her horizons and force her to do things she wouldn't normally do. She's already done that once for me, to save my ass! Now I have to guide her, and I feel unprepared.
Unprepared, but excited! God yes!
While I don't have a big plan figured out, I do know a few things I want to do with her, and I know how I want to get started. We've already decided to structure it a bit like my own contract - we will do this for a month, and whenever we are having a session, suzanne will do whatever I say. And we've also agreed that she will write in a diary after each lesson, and I'll keep it until the end. After the end of the month, we'll decide what to do next.
"Hi suzanne!" I answered, silencing the phone's intrusive buzzing. "Are you ready?"
I picked her up and drove us to breakfast. I hadn't gotten her anything special to wear yet, so I was pleased and a little surprised to see that she had worn the scoop-necked dress He gave her at my last lesson. It's only a little see-through, and then just when the light is right, but it is awfully short for the cooling weather and a little edgy for our podunk little town. The cowled neck dives all the way down to her navel, so even though it covers everything when she is standing normally, there was always the possibility of exposing one of suzanne's pert breasts. The fact that she chose to wear it was super exciting, and an air of anticipation enveloped us. There was even a little tension between us, but not a negative kind. It was just hard to know what to say in our new roles, so we weren't our usual chatty selves.
I took us to a local eatery that is popular and always busy this time of morning. As we walked in, the morning sunlight shone through suzanne's dress and I saw she was wearing a pretty thong. It looked like it may be the same sapphire hue as the dress. I smiled to myself, an idea forming. We ended up waiting in the small foyer for a table, and I enjoyed the looks suzanne got from the other patrons. I remembered those looks well - I had seen all of the same types of looks when He displayed me in different locations. There was the dad trying to look without getting caught, the open stares and smiles of the three college-age guys, the appreciative glance of an older woman who probably could have pulled off the same dress twenty years ago, and the hostile stare of the soccer mom worried about competition. I was entertained by each and every one, and smiled at them all.
Soon, a vaguely familiar girl seated us at a table for two. Sometimes it seems everyone in this town looks vaguely familiar, and that added a bit of excitement and concern. I decided to plunge ahead with my idea.
After we ordered, I asked suzanne, "Are you wearing panties this morning?" I knew the answer, of course.
"Yes, Mistress!" she answered, her eyes growing wide.
I felt a quick thrill at her use of the word "Mistress!" We hadn't really discussed how she should address me, so I was a little surprised. Very pleased though.
"Take them off for me please, and lay them on the table."
suzanne started to get up to go to the restroom, and I arrested her with a hand on top of hers. "No. Here, please."
Unconsciously, I had fallen into the pedantic, slightly formal cadence that He used.
Her pretty mouth opened, but she didn't say a word. She glanced around, and we were literally surrounded by other diners. The place was packed. The only saving grace was that most people were so busy talking with one another that they probably weren't paying attention. Gingerly, she lifted her bottom and slipped the thong down. I admired the deft way she stepped out of the tiny panties and quickly bent to retrieve them. As I had asked, she put the thong on the table next to her coffee cup.
"Good girl," I purred. Making a quick glance around, I reached across the table and spread the neckline of her dress so that the fabric barely covered her nipples. I ran one fingertip lightly from the hollow of her throat down between her breasts as far as the table would allow. I saw gooseflesh ripple across her creamy skin, and I knew her nipples had just gotten hard as pebbles.
Just then, the waitress returned with our food and set the plates down. She asked if everything looked alright. We nodded yes, and she started to say we should let her know if we needed anything. She stopped in mid-sentence, her eyes riveted to the skimpy swath of blue material on the table. She stammered, and her mouth formed a pretty "O" as she searched for words, and then she mumbled an apology and began to walk away. I called her back, pointed at the panties, which conveniently lay right next to the half-full coffee mug, and suggested that suzanne may need her coffee warmed. The flustered girl nodded and scurried off to get the carafe.
"That was mean!" suzanne scolded, laughing. I grinned back.
This was going to be difficult, in a way. It was so easy to fall back into our old friendship and forget I was supposed to be the Mistress. It may take some work to strike a balance in our new relationship. To reassert my leadership, I told her, "That wasn't mean at all. When she comes back, you are going to hand them to her and tell her they're barely worn, and you think they'd look great on her!"
"But that's one of my favorite pairs!" suzanne complained. "I don't want to give them away!"
"I didn't ask if you wanted to. And now, for talking back, you need to tell her you think she has a beautiful ass, as well!" The girl wasn't really that good-looking, but I thought it would be fun to see her reaction, anyway.
suzanne leaned toward me, and in a conspiratorial whisper hissed, "I can't! That girl used to babysit my kids when she was 14 years old! I already feel ridiculous!"
Ah! That's why she looked vaguely familiar.
I thought about just how harsh I wanted to be. It seemed a good time to assert my dominance, so I said, "In that case, you can also tell her you now know why your husband always wanted to fuck her." suzanne looked like she might get up and leave, but then thought better of it. I acquiesced just a little when I added, "You can wait 'til we are leaving, though. I don't want to get us thrown out."
suzanne sat back again, and I couldn't help noticing that her breath was heaving, and when she had leaned forward the neckline of her dress had gapped open. I didn't mention it, though, and I was sure the waitress wouldn't either.
The breakfast was delicious. There's a reason the place is so popular. We finished without further mischief, and as we waited for the waitress to bring back my credit card I nodded to the panties and reminded suzanne to give them to her before we left.
She gave me a "please don't make me!" look, but did what I asked. There was a priceless moment after suzanne told the poor girl her husband always wanted to fuck her. She flushed beet red and blurted, "Why, what did he tell you??" and rushed off.
suzanne and I just looked at one another. Wow!! That struck a nerve!
After our little breakfast adventure, I decided it was best if we got out of town. Breakfast was fun, but the potential for real trouble was too high in our little burg.
When we got back to the car, I noticed suzanne looked downcast and distressed. I gave her a hug before we got in, and she looked at me, saying, "I'm not sure this is such a good idea, Michelle."
My heart ached at the pleading tone of her voice. I knew she was worried about what the waitress had said, but I was sure there was nothing to it. I took her face in my hands gently, and said, "It'll be OK. She probably just had a big schoolgirl crush on him. You know he didn't do anything with a homely 14 year old, right? Think about it, suzanne. He probably realized she had a crush and said something to her, or maybe she said something to him, and now she's worried he told you about it. Right?""
She nodded, but still looked upset.
"Listen, I'm sorry I pushed that far. I'm new at this, and I didn't think about her reacting that way. It'll be easier when we're out of town and don't know people." I added, " People like silly babysitters."
I hugged her tight again. "Besides, as fucking sexy as you are, he wouldn't even look twice at another girl."
And it was true. Her husband adores her and is a good guy. Plus, she did look fucking sexy. I took her chin in my hand and kissed her. Not a little peck, but a deep, hungry, tongue-probing kiss that lingered, and made my pussy tingle with excitement. When I broke the kiss and stepped back, she gave a tiny whimpering sigh that drove me crazy.
"Come on, let's go have some fun," I told her, as I opened the car door for her. Walking around to the driver's side, I noticed our little kiss had drawn some attention, but thankfully I saw no faces I recognized.
I headed toward the freeway. The city was only a half hour away, but was another world compared with our hometown. As I drove, I reflected on how attracted I was feeling to suzanne. I've never considered myself bisexual, and prior to my sessions with Him had never been with a woman at all. And here I was, openly lusting for my best friend! It was kind of confusing, but I decided it was probably part of the evolution of my own sexuality, an evolution that began with my Contract with Him.
I glanced over and suzanne was looking out the window, daydreaming. I wanted her back, and I wanted her to forget about the girl at breakfast.
"Take off your dress for me," I said to her. "I want to see your body."
"But, the other drivers..." She looked around at the traffic.
"I don't think they'll mind." I grinned at her. The truth was, I didn't think they'd really be able to see much anyway, but I liked the idea that she might feel vulnerable. I wanted her to face that. I liked that she was where I had been a couple of months ago, needing that nudge to help her along.
She struggled with the seatbelt, and I told her I would drive carefully if she needed to take it off. It was a tight space, but she unfastened the seatbelt and was finally able to wriggle the dress off over her head.
"Play with yourself for me."
"Michelle, I..."
"Call me Mistress!" I interrupted.
She looked like a scolded child, but pouted "Yes, Mistress."
"Now get yourself juicy and wet for me. I want a taste!"
She started slowly, timidly, just barely fingering her clit. I had to be careful driving, because my eyes were constantly drawn to her. I coaxed her along, urging her to orgasm for me. Before too long, she had her legs spread and was plunging her fingers inside. She was moaning and whimpering and plucking at her nipples with the other hand. Each time it seemed she was getting close, though, I had her stop and slip her glistening fingers into my mouth. I noticed that DID attract the attention of some other commuters, and we got some interesting looks. That kept us both busy and on edge during the ride, and by the time we approached the city she had forgotten all about the little waitress and was begging me to let her cum. I promised that I would let her, but I wasn't ready to just yet.
I found I was enjoying the sense of power and control I was feeling, and I enjoyed suzanne's response, too. After the experience with the waitress at breakfast, she had been ready to quit and go home, but now she was excited and focused. And horny! She was making me horny, too. The taste of her pussy in my mouth and the lovely sight of her writhing in the car seat as she pleasured herself was driving me to the edge. I was seeing my best friend in a whole new light. She wasn't the only one who wanted an orgasm! Mine would have to wait, too, however. I saw the exit I wanted coming up. The big billboard for the adult shop marked the way.
I exited and drove the few blocks to the shop I wanted to visit. Another little place caught my eye, though, and I pulled into a small side street and parked curbside. There were no pedestrians in the block we were on, and the buildings looked quiet, so I told suzanne to get out of the car. She asked, "Naked?" in a small voice, and I nodded yes. She moved reluctantly, but her willingness to obey and trust me sent a thrill through my body. I got out, locked the car, and walked around to hand her the dress. Once she slipped it on, we walked back to the main street and found the little establishment that had grabbed my attention. Painted on the glass storefront was a cartoonishly buxom woman in BDSM leathers, sporting a whip. It wasn't X-rated because this was a public street, but it was certainly edgy. This really wasn't a bad part of town, and the suburban housewife part of me briefly wondered how they got this place past the zoning commission.
The sign said, TATTOOS, PIERCINGS, FETISH JEWELRY.
We went in and the girl at the counter looked up. Her eyes barely hid her amusement at seeing two thirty-something housewives come in. I mean, suzanne did have on her sexy club dress, but other than earrings, we were totally untattooed, unpierced, and ordinary looking.
"Can I help you?" she asked cheerfully, if a little sarcastically, and so I told her what I had in mind.
When we left, I held a chromed chain leash in my hand, the other end attached to the new collar encircling suzanne's neck. It was a simple steel ring, just over a quarter inch thick, with a hinge and a clasp that were hidden when it was closed. When the leash wasn't attached it looked like an unbroken circle of steel, and I chose it because it could pass for a forward-fashion necklace. You see, I wanted her to wear it all the time to show she was mine now, but I didn't want her to have to explain to her husband and kids why she was wearing a collar.
Oh yes. Tucked into my purse was a pair of nipple clamps with a jeweled chain.
I had expected suzanne to resist, but she didn't say a word in protest. And even more exciting to me was the fact that, as she walked beside me, she didn't seem to be ashamed to wear the collar. She almost seemed to walk more confidently, with her head held high, as if she were proud to be chosen by me. All of this was new to me, and I felt an overwhelming rush. Rather than getting back in the car and driving the remaining block to the adult store, I decided we would walk.
We garnered as much attention as you might imagine, strolling down the sidewalk. I love it when people see something unexpected, something they're not sure they're comfortable with. The reactions were priceless. As we walked, I told suzanne what I wanted her to do when we got into the store, and she said she understood.
When we went in, we walked right up to the counter. As I had instructed, suzanne asked the young woman working there, "Can you please show us some dildos? Mistress wants to fuck me, and she needs to decide which is best."
The young woman working the counter - evidently her name was Kim, and she was the manager, according to her nametag - took it all in stride. I loved her response. She looked at us both and said, "Well, aren't you BOTH lucky!" Then she went and gathered up a few products and returned, laying them out on the counter, roughly smallest to largest. Some were just different shapes or designs. She told us about some of the materials and features of each one, too. I liked that all the ones she had brought could be used in a strap-on harness, too. I hadn't really thought of that! I was picturing holding the dildos in my hand.
I held up the smallest one and asked, "Too small?"
suzanne nodded.
"How about this one? Is that about right?" I held up a lifelike phallus, about 6 inches long.
suzanne nodded again, and said softly, "Yes, Mistress."
By this time, the salesgirl was openly amused and seemed to be enjoying herself, and there were other customers watching, too. Some looked uncomfortable, while others were unabashedly gawking. A few of the onlookers were couples, and I always found it fascinating to watch the dynamic between them. You could definitely tell which women were insecure about their guys watching the show!
While I kind of enjoyed seeing the other peoples' reactions, I realized I was starting to feel self-conscious, too. It was kind of embarrassing, asking suzanne about the dildos. I felt my face flushing red, and I was embarrassed that I felt embarrassed! Still, I plunged ahead. I remembered that I was the one in control of the situation, so I had to swallow my fear.
I picked up the next toy, which was another lifelike dong, but this one was at least nine inches long, slender and heavily veined.
"I like this one!" I said, and maybe I spoke a little loudly to compensate for my discomfort. "Do you think you can deepthroat this one? Can you take it up your ass, suzanne?"
She looked around at the faces, then looked back at me, and answered quietly, "Yeah, I think so. Maybe, if you go slow." I loved the pink flush of her creamy skin. It looked so beautiful with her deep auburn hair.
Her eyes found the floor and she didn't look up again until I held up the last dildo on the counter. It was ridiculously large. It must have been at least ten inches long, and bigger around than my wrist.
"I want to fuck your ass with this one!" I goaded her. "Would you like that, my little slut?" I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth! I couldn't imagine that thing inside of me, and I was just saying it for effect.
I was floored when she answered, "I don't know, Mistress. I think it's too big. But I'll try, if you want me to."
I hugged her and kissed her forehead. "We'll take those last two," I told the salesgirl. "And I need a strap-on harness." I hadn't planned on buying one as large as the last one, but suzanne's response had made me change my mind. The little group that had gathered broke up as we moved off to select the rest of the stuff we would need - the harness, lube, and a Hitachi wand. I had burned up the motor in my last one, and I missed it!
As we were checking out, I noticed a colorful display behind the register - this month's special. I hadn't noticed it before because I was focused on the dildos.
"What is that??" I asked our helpful assistant. There was a row of little U-shaped toys in multiple colors. She told me they were We-Vibes. They're designed to fit inside but also stimulate the clitoris, and they can be used during intercourse, too. For the first time she seemed a little embarrassed as she said the vibe also stimulates the guy, if there was a guy with us. Finally she told us, they come with a wireless remote control. My mind raced at the possibilities, and though I hadn't budgeted for it, I added one to my substantial purchase. Thank goodness I have a credit card in my name only. I pictured trying explain this purchase to my husband!
After we finished at the adult shop, it was nearly noon. I hadn't fully planned out our day, but I knew I wanted to leave enough time to be alone with suzanne before we finished. I did some quick thinking, and decided we had enough time to visit the big mall nearby, and grab some lunch.
Plus, all this erotic shopping had me turned on, and I could scarcely wait to feel suzanne's tongue. I thought back to that first day we were together, at the sex club. It was a crazy experience, with all those people watching and waiting for their turn to use us, but even under those conditions her mouth and fingers had been amazing. She did all the things I wanted done, and the connection was so strong she seemed to feel my body's responses as strongly as I did.
I shuddered at the memory. My panties were soaked.
I drove as quickly as I dared, and parked in the mall's garage. We got out, and before we walked inside, I pulled suzanne into the relative privacy between two cars and kissed her. My right hand snaked down and slipped under the hem of her dress as I pulled the leash close with my left. She gasped when my fingers found her slit. After just a few seconds, I could feel her silky wetness on my fingers. I stood there for several long moments, kissing and fingering her. She moaned when I stopped and stepped back. Her eyes beseeched me, but I stayed strong.
We walked inside, and I loved the proud way suzanne walked beside me. I wanted to walk around with her and display her, and we needed to get lunch, but I had a more pressing need at the moment.
I led her directly to a department store and selected a few dresses and skirts at random. I carried them to the fitting rooms and we slipped inside one. I figured there were cameras on the entrance, but if someone confronted us, I would just say she was helping me decide which looked best. It's not as though they could prove anything.
Honestly, at this point, I didn't care much.
As soon as the door was shut, I slipped off my panties and sat down on the little bench. suzanne knew just what I wanted and knelt down between my legs. I nearly died at the sight of her there, her lovely faced poised inches from my pussy, and the leash trailing from her collar as she looked up at me. There was such a look of submission in her eyes! I can't even describe it, but I could tell she wanted nothing in the world more than to please me. She lowered her mouth to my slit and her tongue slipped deep inside me.
I struggled to be quiet as she brought me to an amazing orgasm! It seemed to take no time at all before I was climaxing, drenching her pretty chin as I held her face tight to my pussy. She kept nibbling and licking my swollen clit after I'd cum, and I was so sensitive it made me twitch and jump. I finally had to just push her away, or she might have pleasured me to death.
We left the clothes and my panties in the fitting room and walked back out into the mall. My legs were still trembling, and I noticed my juices still glistening on suzanne's chin. We walked the full length of the mall, and then had a quick lunch in the food court. As I was rummaging in my purse to find my wallet, I came across the nipple clamps. I had almost forgotten them! I led suzanne over to a secluded spot behind one of the big decorative pillars and fitted them to her perky, delicious nipples. It was easy enough to just spread the cowled neckline of her dress, pinch her nipples a little to get them hard, and attach the clamps. I loved the little cry of pain and pleasure that escaped her lips as each one was fitted.
The jeweled chain hung between the globes of her breasts, framed by the scooped neckline that dipped down below her navel. I gave it a little tug, making sure the clamps were tight, and she cried out again. It looked hot as hell.
We had to visit a few more shops so I could show her off some more! I made sure to take her into Victoria's Secret and ask the clerk there what type of bra and panty set might best flatter suzanne's figure. I didn't plan to buy anything else, but it was fun to have the girl make suggestions.
Just before we left Victoria's Secret, suzanne whispered to me that the clamps were really starting to hurt badly. I made sympathetic noises, and asked if she wanted to take them off. She said yes please. I gently tugged on the chain. She whimpered and took a sharp breath. The sales girl's eyes got huge. I began to pull slowly on the chain, stretching suzanne's poor nipples before the clamps finally snapped free. I tucked the chain back into my purse, told the gaping clerk to have a good day, and we left the store.
Finally, it was time to head home. I still wanted to have a little alone time before the kids came home from school. It was funny to think of the kids coming home from school. It reminded me that we were basically two suburban housewives, and I thought again of Him saying He thought I could be something extraordinary, and now I thought the same thing about suzanne.
When we got back to the car, I told her to take off her dress again. I decided it would be a policy that, whenever possible, she would ride nude during lessons. And, she would undress out in public, if it wasn't super crowded. When I told her my idea, she looked a little frightened, but she also licked her lips, and I loved the impression that gave me - the eagerness to be pushed. She took off the dress and tossed it into the car. I really wanted to get home, but I couldn't pass up the opportunity for one more public tryst. I lead suzanne to the front of the car, which was facing a block wall in the dim garage. I leaned back against the hood, lifted my skirt, and told her, "Eat me, my sweet slut!" She got on her knees on the rough cement floor and went to work with her talented tongue.
I didn't have time to cum before I heard someone approaching, talking and laughing. Thank goodness they weren't quiet! We quickly got in the car, and headed back home. I was aching for release, and I figured suzanne must be, too, unless she was so frustrated she was beyond desire.
By the time we arrived at my house, we only had about an hour and a half to play. We had so many toys to try! The We-Vibe would have to wait, because it needed to be charged, but I wanted to try the strap-on and the Hitachi.
I unpacked all the toys and washed them. I took the smaller of the dildos, which was still bigger than any real cock I'd seen in person, and fit it onto the strap-on harness. suzanne was totally naked, now that she had removed her shoes, and I decided she should have a little decoration. I got the nipples clamps back out.
"No, please! My nipples are so sore!"
I kissed her and bent to kiss and lick her nipples. They felt swollen and warm against my lips, and I was sure they felt tender. Still, I wanted her to wear the clamps, so I fastened them on, and she let me. Her only complaint was another tiny whimper.
I made her undress me and strap the harness around my hips. It was so strange to have a penis hanging out in front of me!! And a huge one, on top of it all. It looked much bigger now than it had in the store. I made suzanne get down on her knees and give me a blowjob. Seeing her beautiful red head bobbing up and down on my "cock" made me realize why POV videos are so popular! There was such a sense of erotic power and control, and it was amazing to see the lifelike dong disappear so deep into her mouth. Though I couldn't feel her mouth, the visual stimulation combined with the pressure of the harness against my pelvis was huge turn-on. I put my hand on the back of her head and urged her to go as deeply as she could. She swallowed most of the 9 inches, and I made a note to try it later and see how deeply I could go.
After she sucked me for a while, I wanted to see what it was like to fuck a woman, so I lead her to the bed. Though we are nearly the same size, she let me move her however I wanted. I loved how naturally submissive she was! It was totally different from the strong wife and mother I was used to knowing. I was also surprised at how readily I fell into the dominant role, especially after having been subservient to Him during our lessons.
Finally, despite the excitement of "fucking" another woman, I needed to cum! I took off the harness, handed the Hitachi to suzanne, and just said "Do me!!"
And she did! God, did she. She laid me back on the bed, and between the wand, her dancing fingers and her deft tongue, she had me crying out and thrashing in short order. I wrapped my legs around her head and pulled her face into my pussy and I never wanted to let go! My fingers dug into her hair and my hips moved of their own accord, grinding against her tongue. Finally the climax peaked, and I finally shuddered and lay still, loosening my hold on her and collapsing back against the bed. She crawled up and lay against me with her head resting on my breast.
We stay still for a while, and I think I nearly dozed. Through the fog, I heard suzanne ask in a tiny sweet voice, "Mistress, it's almost time to go. May I please cum, too? I've been a good girl all day."
She had been good. Spectacular even, and I wanted to reward her. I glanced at the clock beside the bed, and saw that I had to hurry. I had wanted to tease and taste and touch her slowly, in a series of growing waves until she couldn't help but explode over the brink, but it wasn't to happen today. I needed to make it a quick release, and I wanted her to write in the diary, too, before the kids got home.
I stood up from the bed and helped her up, too. I started by removing the nipple clamps. I did it gently this time, and then I rolled and kneaded her nipples between my fingers. She groaned in pain and let her head fall back as the sensation came back into them, but I knew there was an element of pleasure to my touch, too. I kissed her as I massaged her breasts, and she kissed me back hard, clinging to me. My hand wandered down her smooth belly and cupped the mound of her pussy. She pressed against me and I slid a finger down over her clitoris and between her labia. She was already wet. I slid two fingers inside and pressed the base of my thumb against her clit while we kissed.
I nibbled her lip, never ceasing the slow, rhythmic motion of my hand between her legs. Looking into her green eyes, and speaking so my lips brushed hers as I spoke, I asked her softly if she wanted to cum.
"Yes! Please!" she moaned.
"How badly do you want to cum, suzanne?" Here I slowed the motion of my fingers, but kept pressure against her clit and pubis.
"Oh, please don't tease me! I need to cum! Please don't stop!!" There was genuine pleading in her voice, and her sweet green eyes looked as if she might cry.
"What are you willing to do for me if I let you cum?"
"I'll do anything for you, Michelle! Anything you ask!"
"Good girl," I murmured against her trembling lips. I don't even think she noticed that she called me Michelle instead of Mistress. I let it go, because secretly I felt a thrill that she was giving herself to me, not just to the role I was playing.
I eased her back onto the bed and spread her legs as wide as they would go, opening her pretty pink flower to me, and I knelt down and fed on her juices. My fingers probed and explored her, and my tongue danced on her clit, and soon she erupted in a quivering, gushing orgasm. Her juices flowed freely, and I lapped them all up.
When she had recovered some composure, we got dressed and I handed her the diary and told her to write about the day's adventures while I made tea. She was just finishing up when the kids burst through the door, hungry for a snack, as always. suzanne handed me the diary and headed next door to tend to her two kids.
That night, after the kids and Jamie were asleep, I got up and went into the kitchen to read the diary. It was eye opening to read suzanne's perspective on things. I had been worried about how much to push her, but it seemed she wanted more. She mentioned especially liking being made to kneel on the hard cement naked and eat my pussy. She liked being used that way. My first impulse was to feel bad, because I didn't want to use my friend! But I realized it was a thrill for her and she didn't mean it in a bad way. A couple other enlightening things came from reading the diary. One, she said she HATES to be denied an orgasm, and she thought I was going to leave her unsatisfied at the end of the day. And two, she had hoped that the group of people at the adult shop were going to gang fuck her - her words! I guess she thought I had pre-arranged something like He had for the two of us.
Unfortunately, I didn't have the connections that He had. I was going to have to improvise. I remembered tucking the shop's business card in my purse, and wondered if the girl who worked there might have some input. I decided to call in the morning.
As I sat and planned, and reread the diary, I found myself rubbing my nipples and pussy through the t-shirt and panties I wore to bed. Finally I just gave in and masturbated right there at the breakfast bar, bringing myself to yet another orgasm. God what a day!
Finally, I was exhausted enough to go back to bed. I crawled back into bed beside Jamie and slept dreamlessly.
The next few days were a whirlwind. I had to work, and I had to keep up with household stuff, but my mind was elsewhere. This was different than the conflicted distraction I had felt when I was under Contract with Him. This was all about redefining my relationship with suzanne, and trying to decide what to do when we had our next lessons together.
One thing I realized is that suzanne and I were quite different in some ways. It took my experience with Him for me to even acknowledge that I had a slutty side. suzanne, on the other hand, seemed to be in touch with her desires. She had just never been in a situation where she was pushed to indulge them. She liked to give someone else control, someone she trusted, but she wanted that person to push her to extremes.
It felt like a big responsibility, especially for someone who was so new to this wilder side of life!
We had agreed to keep things "normal" when we weren't having lessons, but I found that kind of difficult sometimes. I wondered how I could have known her and loved her all these years and not realized I was attracted to her! I mean, I was certainly still attracted to my husband, but this was a whole new sensation for me. Every time I saw her helping the kids into the car or checking the mail, I thrilled to see the collar still around her neck. One night, when Jamie was going down on me, it was suzanne's flaming hair and green eyes I imagined between my legs, and that's who I was picturing as I came.
I managed to get a hold of Kim, the girl who managed the adult shop, and after I described suzanne and I, she remembered who I was. She seemed happy to give the name of a place that might be good for setting up an exciting experience for suzanne. It took me a while to line things up and make sure everything was copacetic, though. It seems like such a seedy world, and I was worried about our safety, to be honest. So, by the time our next lesson came around, I didn't really have anything planned except a day for the two of us. I decided to make the best of my new position of dominance, and spend the time exploring suzanne's body, and see if I could test her limits a little bit. I'm not sure it's what she had in mind when we planned all this, but I realized it was something I wanted to explore. And I was in charge.
The night before our lesson, I texted suzanne, "Make every inch of your body ready for me. You're mine tomorrow. 9:00 sharp."
"OMG! Yes, mistress. Yours." Her return text sent a thrill through me and I was instantly wet.
I couldn't sleep.
When she rang my bell at 9:00 the next morning, I answered dressed in a black skirt that fell mid-thigh, a crisp white button down blouse, and a black blazer. The hem of my skirt just covered the lace tops of my thigh-highs, and shiny black pumps rounded out my look. I remembered the way He always wore a suit, even when I was naked or dressed in some revealing, slutty outfit, and I realized what an important aspect that was to the balance of power. While she was still on the doorstep, I clipped the leash on her collar and led her inside.
I made her undress immediately. Grabbing the leash right where it met the collar, I drew her face to mine. Without a word I kissed her. I put my fingers in her mouth and explored, as if I were probing her pussy. At first she sucked on them, but as I pushed them deeper she relaxed and yielded to my touch. I traced her soft lips with my fingertips, then slid them back into her mouth. I massaged her tongue and slipped my fingertips past the back of her throat. I felt her suppress a gag, and when she didn't try to pull away or close her mouth, I kissed her cheek.
"Good girl," I cooed. Then I took my glistening fingers from her mouth and slid them into her damp pussy. God, I enjoyed holding that leash and fingering her naked body as she stood, helpless and willing!
Except for the hour or so during which we went out for lunch, suzanne spent the whole day nude. True to my word, I explored her luscious body from head to toe.
It would take too long to tell everything we did that day, but some things stand out in my memory.
I had all of the toys we had purchased handy, and we hadn't used either the largest dildo or the We-Vibe previously. I had my doubts about that giant dildo, but I remembered suzanne saying "I'll try," when I asked her if she could take it up her ass.
It took lots of lube, and lots of patience, but I found she could indeed take it! I went slowly, and at first I just held it in my hand and worked the huge head into her anus. Even that took plenty of effort. I remembered the woman at the sex club using her fingers to gently open me up so I would be ready for a big cock, and I did the same for suzanne. I found it incredibly exciting, the way she held her ass up for me, offering herself. Once I knew she could take the girth of that mammoth dong, I got out the strap-on harness and fitted the dildo into it. I had her on her hands and knees, and I fucked her doggystyle, the huge phallus disappearing between her round ass cheeks. Once more, I realized how powerful sight was to the sexual experience. Even though I couldn't feel the tight grip of her anus on the dildo as it penetrated her, the sight of it entering her slim body was amazingly erotic, and I knew why men loved doggystyle.
After ass-fucking her for quite a while, I made her go down on me until I had my first orgasm of the day.
After availing myself of her beautiful ass and having a delicious orgasm, I asked suzanne if she was hungry for some lunch. It was well after noon, and we had been playing non-stop. She said she was hungry, so I picked out some clothes for her to wear. I chose a crop-top tee shirt, despite the cooling weather, and a pair of white denim short-shorts. I clipped the nipple clamps to her nipples so that the chain hung from below the crop-top, and I had her insert the We-Vibe under her clothes. Once I had tested the vibe, we headed out.
I chose a small restaurant that served breakfast and lunch. I loved using the remote control to vary the vibrations of the We-Vibe as suzanne tried to order. Several times, her eyes seemed to glaze over, and it seemed she was about to orgasm. I told her she needed to tell me if she was going to cum, and she nodded, seemingly unable to speak. The remote allowed me to vary the intensity and pattern of the vibrations, and I worked hard to keep her on edge during the meal. Each time the waitress approached, I ramped up the vibrations. After we ate, suzanne leaned across the table and begged me to let her cum. I reminded her to tell me if she was about to cum, and she nodded agreement again. I set the We-Vibe to full strength and chose a surging vibration pattern. I noticed that suzanne's hand disappeared beneath the tablecloth, and I knew she was helping the vibe along. I watched her face carefully, gauging her reactions, and I was sure she was close to orgasm when she whispered, "Now! I'm gonna cum now!
I shut the vibe off and told her we were leaving. She looked at me as if she might cry or throttle me. I kissed her cheek as I helped her from the booth and whispered "Good girl, suzanne." I left the waitress a good tip and we left.
The experience at lunch showed me that I loved being able to control suzanne's orgasms! This whole thing had started because she wanted to experience what I had experienced with Him, but I found I was turned on by being in the dominant role. On the ride home, she told me she was feeling frustrated, and asked if I would let her cum. I told her I would let her cum, but when she came was up to me.
That exchange led us to the afternoon's experience. I can't say for sure what inspired me, but I decided I wanted to tie suzanne to the bed. I wanted her spread-eagled, vulnerable, and under my control. I found some rope in the garage and secured her in place. I used my fingers on her first. I was finding that I absolutely loved the feeling of my fingers inside her, rubbing her g-spot, feeling the soft spongy walls of her pussy, massaging it in tiny circles. At one point I lay between her legs with my head resting on her thigh, my face inches from her beautiful pussy, with it's little landing strip of dark red hair. I spread her lips and, lightly as a feather, I touched her swollen clit with a single fingertip. I didn't go fast, and I didn't press hard. I just barely stimulated it. I did that for probably half an hour, and her reaction was amazing. She whimpered and cried, she swore she loved me, she begged me to fuck her, she bucked and thrashed as much as her restraints would allow, she promised she would do anything I wanted, and she asked me over and over what I was doing to her. I don't think her question was restricted to what I was doing physically.
After that, I left her alone for a few moments. When I came back she said she had to pee, so I untied her and she headed for the bathroom. I asked her if she planned to masturbate while she was there. With an endearing look of surrender, she said "Yes, Mistress." Her honesty was heart-wrenching. I told her not to, and to come right back after she had peed. She did.
When she came back, I had the Hitachi out, and she looked so hopeful it was hard to tell her the wand was for me. One of the things that still seemed dirty and taboo to me was ass play, and I was a bit embarrassed when I told her I wanted her to lick my ass while she made me cum with the wand. I got on my hands and knees at the edge of the bed, and presented my ass to her. She obediently got on her knees, and I felt her spread my cheeks with her hands. I could feel her hot breath on my anus, and even though I was the one in a position of control, I felt incredibly vulnerable. I gasped when I felt the first tentative lick, and then she became more and more sure in her ministrations. Soon her tongue was probing deeply into my sensitive balloon knot, and her fingers played with my clit. I had almost forgotten about the Hitachi wand when I heard it's familiar buzz, and then I orgasmed almost instantly when suzanne pressed it against my clit and held it there. I bucked and cried out in release, and she dropped the wand in order to spread my cheeks wide and lick me as I came.
Afterwards, I drew her up onto the bed and kissed her. It seemed extremely intimate and communal to kiss her after she had been tonguing my ass. It was as though I was honoring her for pleasuring me. And it was just fucking naughty and hot.
Our day was winding down. I had her lie on the bed, and I brought her to the brink over and over with the wand, my mouth, and my fingers. I reminded her to tell me if she was about to cum, and she did, without fail, despite the fact she knew I would stop what I was doing before she orgasmed. Her obedience and her willingness to forego orgasm to do as I asked touched me. There was something going on between us that I didn't fully understand, but it felt powerful and good.
All during that session, I asked her questions. Of course, a recurring one was "Would you like to cum?" to which she always answered "Yes, Mistress!" But I also asked questions that guided me in what to do for our next sessions. I asked her is she liked being used for other peoples' pleasure. I asked her if she liked the thought of strangers fucking her. I asked her if she thought she was a slut, and if she liked being used by a whole group of guys. I asked if she liked it rough. The answer was always yes. Then I asked her if she was the cheerleader who let the whole football team fuck her, and she said no. I smiled at that and said, "But you wish you were, don't you?" and she admitted she did.
Finally, when I knew our time was short, I asked her if she wanted to cum. It was probably the 50th time I'd asked her that day, and this time I let her.
Not only did I let her, I used the wand on her until she begged me to stop! I knew what it felt like to to be hyper-sensitive after an orgasm - that incredible so-good-it-hurts feeling, like a fire that freezes. I don't even know what made me think of it, but when she told me that was enough and tried to squirm away after her climax, I decided not to stop.
I held the buzzing head of the wand hard against her clit, and she pleaded, "Ooohhhh, please stop, Mistress!! It's too much!!" She squirmed and writhed and tried to push the vibrator away, squeezing her legs together while I struggled to keep it pressed against her tender pussy.
I took her wrist in my left hand and scolded her, "suzanne! Hold still! Do I need to tie you back up??"
My sharp tone cut through, and she stopped resisting so hard, but she was still squirming and her legs were clamped together. I told her to spread her legs for me, and she did, though she cried out at the renewed pressure of the Hitachi against her clit. I rubbed her tummy as I vibed her, and I could feel the muscles trembling and rippling. Her mouth hung open and the veins in her neck were pulsing visibly. It was delicious.
"Be a good slut and spread your legs a little wider for me," I cooed, and began playing with her nipples.
"But it hurts, Mistress!" she panted in broken gasps. At the same time her words were protesting, she obeyed me. She put the soles of her feet together and spread her knees wide, opening her hips and thrusting her pelvis up to meet the vibe.
"I know sweetie, but you wanted to cum, and I'm going to make you cum until I decide you've had enough."
And I did. Through an exquisite agony of ecstasy, I made her cum two more times, and the wet spot on my bed told me they weren't just fakes to get me to stop. She screamed and cried out eat time, her body contracted and writhed like she was being electrocuted, and her juices gushed like spilt wine. I never again had to restrain her or remind her open herself for me, despite moans and cries and streaming tears. Her total submission had me soaked and by the time I was finished with her.
After I put the wand aside, I held her naked, trembling body against mine until it was time to get dressed. As we stood and stretched, suzanne kissed my cheek, and in the most heart-wrenching voice thanked me for letting her orgasm.
And that was our second lesson.
The third one didn't fit the regular schedule. It was a much shorter session, and it happened at night. I was finally able to make good on the arrangements I'd made through Kim. We told our husbands we were going to a movie and wouldn't be home until fairly late. I brought along the see-through dress He had given me, along with the string underthings, and we headed for the city.
Of course, as soon as we got out of our neighborhood, I made suzanne get out of the car and undress. I still liked her riding naked.
I was really nervous about this lesson, and I think suzanne picked up on my tension. She kept asking me where we were going and what we were doing, but I only told her she would find out. The truth was, I was trying to make suzanne's fantasies come true, but I still had serious misgivings about it.
I followed the directions I had memorized from the map, and as I had feared, found myself in a seedy, run-down looking part of town. Hookers stood on the street corners and neon signs advertised tittie bars. I parked under a street light, and even let suzanne dress in the car. I clipped on her leash and led her quickly to the number I'd memorized. This wasn't anything like the fancy club He had taken us to. This was an adult video store in a questionable part of town, and I wasn't sure it was smart for two women to be here alone! I was dressed in what I thought of as my power suit, but suzanne was definitely dressed to draw attention. I was thankful for the mace in my purse, but I was still frightened.
We went into the store, and I felt a little bit better. The place was clean and well-lit, despite the neighborhood. The guy at the counter looked surprisingly clean-cut, and when I told him that Kim had helped me make arrangements he seemed to know who we were. He nodded at suzanne and said, "The guys have been hearing there was some ginger hottie supposed to show. Most of the time these ladies flake out! The guys'll love this! You should have a good crowd, once word gets out."
suzanne looked at me in alarm. It's one thing to fantasize and to be paraded around dressed provocatively, but it was clear more was going on here!
I had no idea how these things worked, so I just kind of stood there stupidly, and the guy seemed to remember it was our first time, so he handed me a key and gave me the rundown. A passcode got us into the back, and the key got us into booth #3. He gave me change so I would have plenty of small bills to feed the video machine, and explained that as long as we kept a video playing, the light above the door would stay on and people would know the booth was occupied. Anyone who paid to go back there could visit the booth. The last thing he said was, "Just put your fingers through the hole when we you're ready.
As we walked toward the back of the store, suzanne asked, "What did he mean? Am I putting on a show? Is it a peep show?"
"You'll see, sweetie. You're the entertainment, yes..."
Honestly, I couldn't explain any more than that because I'd never been in a place like this before, myself. The passcode opened the door to a wide, darkened hallway. There were a number of men milling around and they looked up when we came in. The only light was from a dim red bulb, and it was hard to see what they looked like. I found the booth number I was looking for. The key unlocked the door, and we went in, locking the door behind us.
The booth was just big enough for both of us, and there was a video monitor mounted in the wall. About waist height, there was a hole cut in the wall, about 8 inches tall and 4 inches wide.
"Oh my god, Michelle! A gloryhole!"
I nodded yes, and slipped a bill into the video monitor. A cheap porn clip started playing. I heard a door nearby open and close, and I assumed one of the guys from the hallway had stepped into the room next to us.
suzanne suddenly looked frightened and unsure. She looked as though she wanted to run, and I felt a wave of empathy, having been in her shoes. Well, not exactly, but close.
She looked at me and asked, "Do I have to? I mean, is it safe? Do we know who these guys are?"
I answered honestly. "I don't know, suzanne. I've never been in a place like this. I think just anyone can come in, as long as they pay. You don't have to if you don't want to."
Her concerns mirrored my own, and I suddenly regretted arranging this.
She looked at me, big green eyes glistening, and said, "Well, I guess I dreamed of being a slut." She bit her lip, which was trembling. I told again she didn't have to.
"But, I want to," she said. Then she knelt at the hole and stuck her fingers through.
A cock slid through the hole and suzanne timidly took it in her hand, looking back over her shoulder at me. She stroked it a few times, gave a tentative lick, and then started sucking.
And that was the first of many. I wish I had thought to keep count, but they just kept coming into the little room, one after the other. I expected each to be the last, but the supply didn't seem to dry up. Most were just average-sized cocks, some were on the small side, and a couple were huge. There were different races. When the first big black cock poked through the hole, suzanne looked at me and exclaimed "Oh! My! God!" under her breath. She'd never before seen a black penis in person.
After the first couple guys, I suppose suzanne lost her fear of the unknown, because she sucked eagerly and hungrily. It was weird - it was clinical and strange to see only their penises, but it was also exciting to think that we would never know who these guys were. Like, not just their names, but not even what they looked like. They could be people we knew, and we'd never find out. It was at once awful and tremendously thrilling.
I sat and held the leash and fed the video machine. After we'd been there probably two hours, suzanne stopped me when I stood to insert another bill.
"Please, no more," she said quietly. "I think I'm done. And I have to pee." I didn't push her.
We left the booth and headed back out into the store. It seemed blindingly bright after the dim light in back. Every patron in the place looked at us as we came out, me in my suit and suzanne in her revealing dress and collar. I looked around, and wondered which of these guys suzanne had just sucked off. Maybe all of them. Even if they hadn't been back there, they surely knew what went on. I was proud of suzanne, because she smiled and held her head high as we went to the front and gave back the key. The clerk pointed us to the bathroom, and then we were on our way.
On the ride back, the mood was strange. She thanked me for taking her to the gloryhole, but she seemed a little subdued. I handed her the diary from my purse, and she turned on the little light so she could write as I drove. We didn't talk a lot, but I asked her if she was all right. She said she thought so, but that I had finally succeeded. Puzzled, I asked what she meant, and she said that was something she never would have done on her own. She finally felt like a real slut.
I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not, so I asked.
She looked up from the writing, and said that it had excited her a lot, and she enjoyed it, but now she was scared and freaked out. She said it felt really different doing these things in real life, as opposed to fantasizing. I knew exactly what she meant, and assured her that whatever happened, we were in it together. She had been there for me, and though I was now her Mistress, I would be there for her.
In fact, it suddenly dawned on me that BECAUSE I was her Mistress, I would be there for her. No matter what.
It was late when we got back and all the lights were out in both of our houses. I didn't want to risk going in together and waking either of our families, but I wanted to reward suzanne for facing her fears and being so brave. I eased her back onto the warm hood of the car, pushed up the skimpy dress, and I ate her there in the dark driveway. There was no teasing or asking her if she wanted to cum this time. I just wanted to please her. Her moans and whimpers were quiet and tender, and she shook all over as she climaxed. Then she changed back into her own clothes, and padded back across the lawn to her house. In the darkness, I saw her turn and wave before she went inside.
We had one more session planned, and I was wavering about what to do for it. I had an idea that I wasn't sure I could pull off, and I wasn't even sure if it was a good idea, after the night at the gloryhole. Even though we had agreed not to talk about our sessions during our daily, normal life, I felt like I needed to get suzanne's feedback.
One morning before work, we were having coffee, as we often did. I mentioned that we hadn't set a day for the final lesson, and said that I was having trouble deciding what to do. She said she was sure whatever I came up with would be fine. I teased her a bit and asked if she wasn't the least bit curious. She admitted she was, but tried to put it out of her mind. Without giving too much away, I asked if she would rather go out with a big bang or spend the day alone with me.
She answered more quickly than I expected, "Oh, I want a big bang!"
I must have looked a little hurt, because she patted my hand and said, "No offense, sweetie! It's just - this craziness, it can't go on forever, can it? It's like a once in a lifetime thing. You can't take risks like that all the time and live a normal life, you know?"
I nodded. I knew exactly what she meant. Still, I was surprised at how disappointed I was that she chose an adventure over a day with me. I suppose I secretly wanted to be her adventure.
Once again, it seemed suzanne could read my thoughts, because she continued, "The wild stuff with other people, that stuff has to end, you know? But I hope not everything has to end. We've been friends forever, and... and I like serving you." She looked down at her hand on mine before continuing, "I'd really like you keep being my Mistress, at least occasionally. You know, like a friend with benefits?"
My heart raced at the thought! We could explore at leisure the relationship that we had been nurturing. Only the "testing our slut limits" was ending. That thought made me smile.
"Good," I said, "I like that idea. It helps me decide what to do about our next session."
"Oooo, what do you have planned for me next, Mistress?" suzanne cooed, fanning herself like a Southern lass about to faint from the heat.
"You'll find out soon, my dear. If I can make the arrangements I hope to, you'll need to take your vitamins!"
She laughed excitedly. "I had plenty of vitamin C the other night!" She giggled. "I don't think I've swallowed that much cum in my whole life!"
I couldn't help but tease her a little. "I don't believe that for one minute, you little cum slut!" I scolded. She looked stricken until she realized I was playing. I laughed at her and conceded, "OK, so maybe you've never swallowed that much in one night."
I could hardly believe we were sitting in my bright kitchen, two housewives talking about how much cum she had swallowed. It was funny, it was crazy, and it was exciting. It was a shame we had to go to work...
I was going to have to make a trip to the city to see if my idea could be put into action. I had no idea who to call, but I thought I knew where to go. My next day off, I headed into the city to visit a couple of institutions of higher learning. I had to ply the right person with a few beers and a blowjob in the back seat of his car in order to convince him I was for real, but my mission was a success.
I was surprised at myself. Never in all my life had I used sex to get what I wanted or needed. I guess the true slut in me really had been awakened, because I enjoyed every moment of it. I knew I was going to have to be careful if I was going to preserve my marriage, but that was an issue to face another time.
My big challenge at the moment was to figure out how to get suzanne and I away from our families for an overnighter in the city, without raising suspicions. As it turned out, the answer presented itself in the form of a bonus at work. I got a cash bonus as well as I session at a spa in the city. I asked Jamie if he would mind if I took suzanne so we could have a ladies day at the spa, and we could spoil ourselves with an overnight stay in the hotel where it was located. When he agreed, I approached suzanne. I didn't tell her anything about the session I had planned, just that I wanted to take her for a spa weekend. She ran it by her husband and he was OK with it, as well.
I felt bad, duping our husbands in order to do something so raunchy, but it didn't stop me. Once again I felt that dichotomy, the wife and mother vs. the slut, and remembered I would need to be careful. Honestly, I needed to reevaluate many things, but for the moment my commitment to suzanne's session took precedence. I wasn't sure if it was right, but I didn't care. She had submitted to me, and I was responsible to her and for her. I wasn't just fucking around. I remembered Him once saying anyone could have an affair. An affair was nothing, but to do something outstanding was special.
I hoped this would be special.
On the big day, I loaded the car and picked up suzanne. The Saturday traffic was light, and we got to the hotel in good time. We got settled in, had a drink at the bar, and then went in for our spa treatment. It was beautiful! We were massaged, mani/pedied, and facialed. It was so relaxing! We had a nice dinner, and afterwards suzanne asked me if I knew of anyplace to go, or if we were hanging out at the hotel. I tried not to look too excited when I told her I thought I knew a place we could go.
We got in the car and I drove us to a huge house at the edge of the campus of a big university. There were party lights strung along the broad porch, and people were coming and going.
"Where are we?" suzanne asked. "This looks like a frat house or something?"
"Yeah," I answered, "I heard there was a party here."
She looked puzzled, but was catching on to the fact that I had cooked up something. We got out, and I got a bag out of the trunk. Handing it to her, I said "You better put on your party clothes. You're expected. Welcome to your final lesson!"
It was dark among the big trees on campus, but there were a lot of people walking around, and suzanne looked a little uncertain.
"Go ahead," I urged. "They'll be waiting for you."
She dressed quickly, putting on the schoolgirl microskirt He had once made me wear and a white tee shirt that I had cut into a crop top. The ragged cut exposed a lot of underboob, and I had slit the neckline down almost to the bottom. I gave her a pair of white knee-highs and black maryjanes to complete the outfit. I clipped on her leash and led her inside.
We drew a lot of looks from the crowd inside. The place was packed with burly guys and girls wearing college-prep chic. A murmur passed through the crowd as a tall guy approach us.
"Babe, you came!" he called out as he neared. "I never thought for a minute you'd show!" He kissed me, and then looked at suzanne. "Holy shit, Moms, she's even hotter than you said. The boys are gonna love her!" He nodded up the stairs.
suzanne, for her part, looked confused but resolute. Some of the men were looking at her with undisguised lust. Actually, most of them were, but some were trying to hide it from their girlfriends.
One of the girls came up and got in suzanne's face, looking disgusted. "What are you doing here, whore?" she spat angrily.
I got right back in her face, and said, "She's not a whore. She's a slut. And she can fuck your boyfriend better than you can, if you want to watch and learn something." I didn't even know where that came from! I'm not usually confrontational. I was suddenly trembling inside, and I would have scratched this girls eyes out to defend suzanne!
A bunch of the guys laughed, thinking a fight might start, and the girl was furious. The tall guy who greeted us stepped in, though, and said "Billy, you need to get your girl under control or you're both out. She can't treat my guests that way." Billy, who had been trying to appear invisible, took the girl by her arm and lead her away, trying to calm her down.
Turning to suzanne, our rescuer introduced himself. "I'm James. I'm the president of the athletic fraternity, and this is our house. Your friend Moms here arranged for you to be our special guest for tonight's festivities. Welcome." And he kissed her hand in a gentlemanly manner that looked sort of silly, given that she was dressed like a schoolgirl stripper. It was kind of endearing.
He gave me another kiss, and grabbed my ass hard enough to lift me up onto my toes.
"Hope to see YOU later," he purred, and walked away.
All eyes followed as I lead suzanne upstairs. She had remained silent the whole time, but kept glancing nervously at me. I whispered in her ear, "It's OK. I'll stay with you." She swallowed hard.
Upstairs, I found the bathroom James had told me about. I took a marker from my bag and wrote across suzanne's tee shirt "CUM SLUT," and then I wrote on her belly "USE ME."
Her eyes grew huge when I took a pair of handcuffs from my bag, snapping one on her wrist and the other on the leg of sink. I slid my hands under her shirt and tweaked her nipples. Kissing her, I said "Football players, basketball players, wrestlers - I bet there's more testosterone in this house than at the olympics. I told you you'd need your vitamins."
"Michelle!" she exclaimed as I stepped back.
"Mistress, suzanne. Tonight, it's Mistress." I put a big bottle of lube on the edge of the sink and moved to sit on the edge of the tub. I still held the end of her leash in my hand.
It didn't take long for word to spread that the main attraction was open. The first couple guys were happy just to get blowjobs. One even turned and asked me, "Is it OK if I cum in her mouth?" I told him he could whatever he wanted as long as he didn't hurt her. It was funny in a way, seeing this big football player asking permission. Not everyone was as polite. As more guys joined in and others gathered around the door to watch, people got bolder. One big black guy took her by the hair and facefucked her while another fellow fingered her from behind. Once the black guy finished in her mouth, the other guy bent her over the sink and fucked her from behind. Some were pretty rough with her, but as long as it didn't seem they were going to hurt her, I let them do whatever they wanted.
A couple of them asked me if I was "down for some action," which kind of made me laugh, but I just told them I wasn't in the mood at the moment. Strangely enough, they treated me with respect and deference, and didn't press the matter.
I was surprised when a couple came in together. The girl started kissing suzanne and sucking her breasts. The guy moved around behind her and took the bottle of lube from the sink. He poured some on his cock and stroked, getting himself good and hard. He roughly spread suzanne's legs apart, then added some more lube to his cock. He bent at the knees behind her. His girlfriend said "Get ready, baby," and then kissed her again. The guy shoved his cock up suzanne's bottom, and her cry was muffled by the other girl's mouth over hers.
The guy continued to pump into her ass, and suzanne grunted and moaned. The girlfriend dropped to her knees and started to eat suzanne's pussy, which amazed me, because several guys had already cum inside her. She was unfazed, though, and licked away while her boyfriend fucked suzanne's ass. He reached around and squeezed her breasts hard as he neared climax, and suzanne was crying out almost nonstop as he emptied himself deep inside her. He nearly tumbled them all over, yanking suzanne's wrist hard in the cuff. She yelped, and he helped steady her again. When he stepped away, I could see his gooey cum gleaming and dripping from between suzanne's red cheeks, before he dropped the skirt back down. Her shirt was completely torn from him grabbing her breasts.
During a short lull, she looked at me. Her eyes were gleaming and she said, "Please Mistress, can we go? I don't like this anymore. My wrist hurts. I'm tired."
I touched her face, and said, "I'm sorry, sweetie. I promised you to everyone who wants you, through the stroke of midnight."
"Ohhhh, Mistress!" she cried out, but didn't complain any more.
Another guy came in while we were talking. All he said was "Suck my dick," and unzipped his jeans.
Despite his poor manners, suzanne dropped to her knees and sucked him. I stayed and stroked her hair as she blew him. He was really drunk and took forever to cum, but finally he grunted and spurted into her mouth. Then he just zipped up and walked away without another word.
A few more people came in and had their way with her, and somewhere along the way the skirt was ripped off, too, and she wore nothing but the knee-highs and maryjanes. Oh, and her collar, of course!
I saw James walk by outside the door, and I called to him. I went out and asked if there was maybe someplace more comfortable, because suzanne was getting tired. He looked at his watch, a huge gaudy gold affair that probably cost a small fortune, and said, "Yeah, she's got over an hour left. We can put her in the bedroom down here."
I uncuffed her and led her down the hall. The bedroom was surprisingly luxurious, with a big four poster bed with a dark green and brown satin bedspread. suzanne lay back on the bed, her red hair fanned out over the covers, and closed her eyes. She looked beautiful there, despite the circumstances. Her creamy skin was a wonderful contrast to the rich bedspread, and her hair complemented the colors wonderfully.
Her respite was short, though. The next guy who came in was another rough one, and he manhandled her into whatever position he wanted. He had been at her a while, and had her up on her hands and knees, fucking her ass, when he suddenly grabbed her hair and jerked her around. He pulled his erection from her ass and shoved it in her mouth. Before either of us had time to stop him, he had fucked her face hard, violently hard, but thankfully it only took a few strokes before he came. When he did he grabbed he head and shoved himself into her, mashing her face hard against his crotch and holding her there, groaning like beast. I moved to push him away, and he let go of her. She fell away, gasping, face red, with streamers of saliva and cum dripping from her mouth.
"That was too rough!" I scolded him, and he hunched sheepishly out of the room. I made sure suzanne was all right, and wiped her face clean.
"I'm sorry, baby," I murmured to her. "Are you sure you're OK?"
"Yes Mistress," she said. And then she shocked me by saying, "I liked it."
I didn't even know how to respond to that, so I kissed her forehead and moved back to the side of the bed.
Next a pretty, black-haired girl came in. She was very short and petite, and asked, "Can I have a turn, too?"
I nodded yes, and she slipped quickly out of her clothes. She asked suzanne, "Will you eat my pussy? I always wanted to try a woman, but I'm afraid to ask my friends."
suzanne told her yes, and patted the bed beside her. She was so tiny and polite, so different from the guy who had been here just before. suzanne pleased her with mouth and fingers, and kissed the girl's entire body. They ended up with the girl straddling suzanne's face, arching and crooning and swaying as she was brought to peaks of ecstasy.
There were only a few more guys that came in. They started to join in while suzanne was still with the young woman, but I stopped them with a motion of my hand. Once again I was amazed that they obeyed me, but they stood quietly and watched as suzanne brought the tiny slip of a girl to a face-drenching orgasm. I noticed one of the guys waiting was Billy, whose girlfriend had confronted us when we arrived.
When the small black-haired girl had dressed and left, I asked Billy if his girlfriend knew he was here. He knew I was teasing him, but he was drunk and answered earnestly, "I'm so sorry. Rozanne can be such a bitch!"
It didn't exactly answer my question, but I suspected Roxanne and Billy were done for.
It was almost midnight, and the remaining guys all took her at once, not waiting turns.
Just after 12:00, James sauntered into the room. The last of the frat boys was finishing up with suzanne. It was Billy. He had he laying on her back at the edge of the bed. Someone else had just finished fucking her and she was still spreadeagled. The bedspread was rumpled and stained. Her head hung off the edge and he was sliding his substantial cock in and out of her mouth. Billy was the last man standing, I thought giddily. I was tired, and I thought suzanne must be exhausted, but I was amazed to see she was fingering her swollen, battered pussy while Billy finished. He pulled out and erupted hot white cream all over suzanne's face and in her hair.
As he was dressing to leave, he said, "You were right, Moms. She's a way better fuck than Roxanne ever was! She never let me cum on her face, either!" It was a crude comment about both women, but I knew in his drunken frat-boy state, he meant well.
After he left, I sat on the bed beside Rozanne, wiping the goo from her face and petting her. James was the only one still in the room with us.
"That was awesome!" he said. We sold more bracelets and beer than ever! The guys will be talking about this forever! Fucking le-gen-dary!"
His excitement was palpable, and I laughed, kidding that I hoped the legends never got back to our little town.
Finally, he said, "So Moms, can I get a little loving before you go? That last BJ was the bomb." suzanne peeked at me, a knowing look dawning on her tired face.
I took care of James' needs and we left. suzanne's schoolgirl outfit, what remained of it, was nowhere to be found, so I walked her out naked, and we drove back to hotel. She slipped into her own clothes in the hotel parking lot, and we went up to our room.
Once there, we took a bath together in the room's jacuzzi, the sweet-smelling bubbles washing away the smell of fraternity-house sweat and cum. I rubbed lotion into every inch of suzanne's skin, massaging her tired muscles, and we crawled into bed naked. We spooned, with me behind her, and I wrapped her tightly in my arms. The feel of her soft skin against mine was soothing and sweet, and it felt like we were melting together.
We were both spent, but I asked her if she was OK.
"Yeah, I'm OK."
I pressed a little bit, asking if she was really ok with what we had done, and she said she was. She said she liked it, but once was enough.
Looking back over her shoulder at me, she said, "From now on, I only want to be yours, OK?"
My mind raced at the thought, wondering for a moment if she meant she wanted to leave her husband and her family for me. I was sure that wasn't the case. I was sure she just meant she wanted me to be her Mistress and not share her any more, but the brief image of she and I together brought a flood of emotion over me, a flash of fantasy. I sighed and squeezed her against me.
"Of course that's OK," I whispered back. "That's what I want, too."
And we slept.
********
EPILOGUE:
The mid-winter doldrums were hard upon us, school was in full swing, and life rushed forward despite the dreary weather and grey mood. suzanne sat across the breakfast table from me, sipping her coffee. The kids had just been bundled out the door, and we each needed to get to work, but we treasured these brief moments of quiet, sharing one another's company.
After our recent wild adventures, we came to our senses and each got tested for STDs. It was a tense time waiting for the results, and I lived in dread of having to tell my husband I had gonorrhea or chlamydia, or god forbid, something worse.
By some miracle, we were both perfectly clean.
Our relationship has evolved without us having to try too hard. suzanne is a natural submissive, and I've surprised myself by discovering I'm completely comfortable being Dominant. Our families are used to us being close friends and spending time together, so there is no friction or suspicion. They don't need to know what new worlds we explore together on our own time. She still wears the collar I bought her. And surprisingly, it feels totally normal to assume our regular housewife roles when needed.
As we rinsed our cups and prepared to face the workday, I reminded suzanne, "Let's get an early start tomorrow. Kim said the newest We-Vibe has an app so I can run it from my phone!" I hugged her and whispered conspiratorially, even though the house was empty, "I hope you're hungry tomorrow. You're gonna be eating me every chance we get!"
She whispered back, her breath hot on my ear, "Yes Mistress! I'm always hungry for you!" A slight pleading came into her tone as she asked, even more quietly, "Am I going to get to cum, too?"
"We'll see, sweetie. We'll see." I squeezed her nipples hard through her top, kissed her deeply, and with an excited whimper, she headed out for work.