This story took place some time before the massive crime and homeless issues threatened many of our favorite cities.
Kim was always stunning. Actually, even more beautiful as she got a little older. Now at 37, both dressed and naked, her body just never quit. She worked out and stayed fit. She took care of herself and always turned heads wherever we went. Being dressed to kill never hurt either. Actually, I've been accused many time of being a cradle robber with many people wondering why I was with a woman who was so much younger than myself. Kim could easily pass for 25. Good genetics I guess.
Kim and I had many wild adventures but it had been a while since we had a fun get away.
My business was doing very well. We moved and expanded to a 24 hour support operation.
We could afford what many could not.
"Do you miss the old days?" I asked
"The old days? It wasn't THAT long ago. Oh, I don't know. It was fun but, it was CRAZY. I don't need all that drama in my life."
"Kim, why don't we go away. Someone will watch the kids. Let's just go have some fun
"OK" with a note of caution.
"I was thinking we could fly into LA, stay on Sunset Boulevard, spend a few nights eating lavish meals and hitting the clubs and head up the coast to San Francisco and fly home from there. You know, with a couple of night stays along the way."
"That would be really amazing Alex. How much time?"
"Let's do a week. We're sort of on auto pilot over there at the office."
City of Angels
When we landed in LA, I had arranged for a private car to take us to the NIKO. At the time, it was an amazing place to stay, and I had heard a lot about it.
We got to our room and unpacked.
"Let's go have a cocktail. Their lounge looks amazing." Kim said.
Off we went.
When we walked in, all eyes were on Kim as I had come to expect over the years. Of course I could see Kim glowing in the attention.
We sat at the bar and ordered. "Where you from?" Bartender asked.
"Connecticut" Kim replied. The live music was not too loud so you could comfortably converse.
We went to Matsuhisa for dinner. But just sat at the sushi bar. We hadn't made reservations.
It was the first time either of us had cold saki out of a cold bamboo tube. The people at the bar were fun and we had a great time. The more we drank, the looser Kim got with her legs and she stopped trying to adjust her very short dress.
We were getting pretty loud and at one point a group of guys started standing around Kim drinking and trying to talk to her. I could see them looking at her lap occasionally and I couldn't see from their view, but my guess is she was giving them a show without realizing it.
They were young and awkward. Kim was loving the attention. I just sat there and took it all in. She needed this.
"Kim, we've got to go. The show's starting soon."
"Oh really? I'm having such a good time."
"I know" I said. "It'll be worth it. Its a great club.
"I need to change." She said.
"OK let's go,"
The Club
The Comedy Store on the Strip had a number of comedians who were top notch and a guest performer of some repute I was told.
Kim dressed to kill. A little slutty, daring, and a lot sexy. Her top was mostly transparent in the light but it was nighttime so she felt comfortable. Her skirt? Well, it was short. Let's just say it was more like a tube made of leather that hung low on her hips and ended just below her butt cheeks.
"Wow! You look so hot Kim"
"Thank you"
"I have a surprise for you." I said
"Really? What?"
I pulled out a fat joint and her eyes lit up.
"It's been so long" she said
I lit it up took a hit and passed it to Kim. "It supposed to be good," holding it in I said.
I put on some music and we both just stood there smoking and dancing around laughing like a couple of idiots.
We probably only smoked half a joint and agreed we were getting pretty wasted.
Kim asked, "Do you still want to go?"
I nodded yes, "Definitely. Do you?"
Big exaggerated nod yes.
"Let's go get a cab" I said
Struggling with my phone a bit, we got downstairs and the bellman looked at Kim and said,
"Where are you two off to?"
When I told him, he said,"The hotel driver can take you" and called us their limo.
When we got there, there was a line of people to get in. Some guy walked down the line saw Kim and said, "Common, you're in."
We were still pretty high and everyone was looking at us as we walked outside of the ropes to the door where another huge guy opened a rope to let us in.
As we were paying our admission fee, someone walked up to us and said, "Excuse me, would you folks like a seat right up front."
Being so high, Kim blurted out "Really?"
I chuckled and said, "That would be great thanks."
"Follow me." He said
As soon as we were seated, he came to my side and whispered, "Is your wife a good sport?"
I said' "Oh yeah, we know the routine. She's been picked on before."
Kim was looking at us conversing now and I could tell she was curious. I shook my head like it was nothing.
We ordered drinks and the first act was funny and we were enjoying ourselves but nothing to write home about.
The second act came out, more drinks and we were really enjoying ourselves. Kim looked enchanting. I was so happy to be with her.
I ordered another round and the third act guy walked out on stage, stopped short, bent over and starred at Kim. He didn't move. Kim started laughing hysterically blushing and of course so did the entire place.
Must have been a full minute and he said, very low and very loud, "Woowww" and he stood up. Looking at her over his shoulder while he's walking around the stage. "Wow wow wow." He stopped short and looked back again and said, "I mean Va Va Voom...Wow."
Kim was really blushing now.
He told a few raunchy jokes and looked at Kim again and said "Oh, you liked that didn't you?"
Kim nodded and laughed pretty hard. "I could tell" he said looking at her chest.
Kim looked down and people around us were turning around to see and it was pretty obvious her nipples were hard and pressing against the material of her blouse.. The attention immediately made them even harder. She crossed and uncrossed her legs a few times which I knew meant she was getting wet. But she didn't hide those pokies.
It was all good. We were having a great time. We were both....fuzzy around the edges- In a really good place.
He told a few more jokes then starred at Kim again for long enough to get people laughing at how uncomfortable it made her. "He asked her in a very deep and sensual whisper, "Do you have any tattoos?"
"No, but my husband does".
More laughter
He gasped and threw himself on the floor. "YOUR MARRIED??? Still lying there fake crying, "I am definitely going to need therapy"
"I'm sorry" Kim said
"Really, so is there any chance?"
"No" Kim said point blank.
Everyone chuckling
He dragged himself off the floor and said to me, "Sir, you either have a magic horse cock or a lot of money."
More laughter.
"Is your nick name Hoss or Heff?"
Everyone roared.
He stared at Kim again until the laughter died down.
"Honey, I bet eating that thing would be like an adult happy meal."
We were so doubled over, Kim's legs were now uncrossed and she didn't realize the shot she was giving him.
"He looked at her, then down to her lap and back up to her eyes, down to her lap back to her eyes then just starred at her crotch.
Kim looked down and saw what he could see, covered her face with her hand and turned to me laughing hysterically beet ret pulling her knees together.
When he walked off, Kim just said, "Oh my God."
A third drink and we were both pretty loose.
There was a bit of an intermission and Kim and I were looking around the room, laughing at some of the jokes we heard when a guy came up to me and Kim and knelt next to Kim.
"Hi, I'm Graham Loren. Um, I'm doing a hypnotism act next and was wondering if I could use you for my act, of course, if your husband doesn't mind. Have you ever been hypnotized before?"
"No. Never." Kim said. We looked at each other and I shrugged still grinning like a couple of idiots.
Graham said, "Well, I think you could be a good subject just talking with you but I might make you do some things that might be considered a bit...well, lets just say, risqué?
Kim immediately smiled and said, "That's OK."
He looked at me and I was grinning ear to ear and said, "Dude, whatever you want. My wife and I are so free and easy right now, we're game." Kim just nodded in agreement. A couple of idiots drunk and high oblivious to what we just agreed to.
"Just what I wanted to hear" as he stood up. "See you in a bit." As he walked away.
We were just happy. Definitely naïve to the situation. Considering how in control I always am, now in retrospect, I let my guard down. Not that it mattered because in the end it was all fun and a thrill we never forgot.
Out he came. "Good evening everybody." He told us his name and where he was from and how long he had been doing hypnosis.
He then said how he started as a sexual hypnotist and went to performance and was doing erotic hypnotism because it paid better. Talking pretty fast. People chuckled a little. My very dulled radar went up about half mast. Kim and I looked at each other. Kim's eyes got big, she smiled and shrugged. I shrugged.
"Normally, I bring a bunch of people up here, hypnotize them and make them do stupid things. You've all seen that before right?"
Collective grumble and yeah."
"Well, I thought tonight, I would focus on one subject, who I've met, and I think, so have some of you...," with a hand toward Kim, which brought a few more chuckles and applauds, "who I think will be a spectacular subject and has agreed to participate tonight.
Applauds
"Having only one person," he went on, " I can focus more energy and concentration on taking the subject deeper for a more entertaining response. "Miss, will you join me?"
Kim looked at me grinning ear to ear, stepped up on the stage with some applauds as he took her hand and she spun around into the lights, she immediately looked topless. The light shining through her sheer top showed everything. Kim bowed just enjoying the attention oblivious as to why.. The crowd roared and applauded wildly.
There was a chair center stage.
"What's your name?" He asked.
"Kim"
"Kim, before I ask you to sit please tell everyone you are up here of your own free will."
"I am"
"Have we ever met before?"
"Not until just before your act. No, when you asked if I'd be willing."
"Are you willing Kim?"
Giggling, "I am"
"OK, Kim, I want to start by making you comfortable." Turning her to the audience "Kim, Please close your eyes. "Now take a deep breath and relax."
Kim did
"Kim as I speak to you, keep breathing deeply. I want you to focus on your breathing...In and out....deeeep in....then out."
"Very good Kim. Now I want you to imagine yourself in the air. Floating. Just floating...freely... In and Out Kim."
Kim continued deep breathing.
"Good Kim, relax all the tension in your body. Just relax...float.. See yourself floating.... Good. Now I want you to forget everything around you... It's only you floating.. breathing...in and out...There's nothing but you floating and my voice. "
"Kim, you can only hear my voice. Block out everything else. My voice is soothing. You want to hear me speak. It makes you feel good. Your feeling warm inside"
"breathe...Deeper....You want to go deeper now...."
You could have heard a pin drop in the place.
"Let your mind feel free calm and relaxed. When I snap my fingers you will be in a deep sleep. All you can hear is my voice as you float.
Snap!
Kim's head bowed slightly. It's like you are not sure if its real or fake. If it was real, I was as mesmerized as everyone else in the room.
"Now I want you to see yourself stepping into a nice warm bath. Feel the warm water swish and swirl around your toes. Let every muscle in your feet relax. Take a nice deep breath in." He continued
Pause
"Breathe out."
"Feel your whole body relax with every slow breathe. Feel you calves slip into the nice warm bath. This warm bath relaxes every part of you it touches. Going deeper and deeper into the bath. Feel the warm water move up your thighs and to your stomach. Notice every muscle relaxing on its own. You feel great. Now completely relaxed. Free. Floating."
"You like being looked at Kim."
"Yes"
"You want these people to see your body Kim. I want you to focus.....Focus on your breasts... Can you see them?"
Nodding staring out straight
Audience murmur.
".... Such Beautiful Breasts....You love your breasts, don't you.....You want to show them to us... "
Nodding
"You want to touch them Kim...Deeper....You need to touch them"
Nodding and her expression changed to what I knew was desire as she reached up and started playing with one breast through her blouse then unbuttoning her blouse with her other hand. Now I knew this was not fake.
"You love your beautiful breasts so much....deeper... you want to play with both of your nipples.... Play with your nipples....It feels so good"
Kim finished unbuttoning her blouse and let it slip off her shoulders onto the stage. Now she started using both hands to tenderly and very erotically rub and tweak her nipples and she moaned slightly now topless.
Still focusing on his voice.
"Kim I would like you to sit down now."
Kim sat in the chair still rubbing her breasts and gently twisting her nipples.
"You feel peaceful Kim. Relaxed. Breathe...You trust my voice.
"Good Kim....I'm here... Relax...."
Kim relaxed her legs a little and her shoulders seemed to drop a bit.
"Deep...Relax... Float....Free"
Kim relaxed her legs more and her bald pussy came slightly into view. It wasn't hard to see she was commando. For the entire audience now, she was so fully relaxed....exuding sensuality.
The audience was buzzing with the magical tension he was creating manipulating her this way... It was very erotic to see this woman, my wife, up there in a trace, topless and exposed, oblivious to the audience around her.
Graham looked at me I think to see if I was ok with everything. I'm not going to make an excuse of pot and booze. She was hot up there. I was as spellbound as everyone else. I gave no clue he should do anything but continue.
Her legs went wider and she was now on full display as he had her continue to play with her breasts as she emitted sweet little moans.
Graham looked at me again. I looked at Kim and back at Graham and I'm pretty sure I nodded approval as I smiled.
"Kim you are feeling warm all over now. Warm, deep in your belly. Kim you feel a building need in your stomach...Deeper Kim..."
"Tell me what you want Kim"
Nothing
"Kim you need something...badly...your belly is so warm...You can see it.. There's a very handsome man in front of you. The most handsome man you have ever seen. You can't take your eyes off of him. He's naked. You can see he is very hard...and big. He's making you very horny."
You can't take your eyes off this man and his very large cock in front of you. You have a burning need to have it inside of you. It is such a beautiful cock. You need him now. You want him to enter you." Kim spreads her legs wide and slumps down in the chair. Now fully exposed.
"You let him enter you." She raises her mound and begins slowing air humping.
Kim started twitching and rocking her hips on the seat.
The audience started to murmur and Graham said, "Are you enjoying this?"
Everyone cheered "Yea" and were pumping fists.
I was loving it. It was so erotic.
Kim was now seemed to speed up her very sensually air humping some.
"You can feel something building in your stomach...Now lower..."
"You feel that cock in you...deeper...in and out....You need an orgasm...When I snap my fingers you will orgasm. You will have the best orgasm of your life"
Kim started moving around in the seat gyrating as she was touching her tits. Her legs now spread wide gyrating more and more, one hand moved to her pussy now slowly sliding her finger up and down her obviously slick slit.. thrusting in her chair.
And then I noticed it. She had her plug in. I didn't know. Poor thing was probably anticipating a hot fuck when we got back to our room I thought. The surprise was I never even knew she was wearing it.
The audience was fixated and silent in amazement at what was happening.
Breathing more heavily, Kim, now breathing heavier, and moaning more loudly, sunk down in the chair and now humping her fingers in front of the audience.
"You want to cum so bad." he said.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing when Graham snapped his fingers.
"Kim....cum for me"
No sooner did the words come out but she started spasming on that chair like I had never seen. She was in ecstasy.
Snap. "And again"
She was convulsing
It was incredible to see. I can't remember ever seeing anything so hot.
She came on that stage in front of an audience with absolutely no apparent knowledge she was virtually naked in front of an audience. I was so high and drunk, for a moment I forgot it was my wife. With her legs parted and all the air humping her plug was pretty visible and I knew most of the audience knew she had one in her.
The place was murmuring and then applauds. Kim had slid forward, legs spread, one hand on a tit and one on her pussy. She looked spent like she just fucked the football team. Her skirt pulled up, Kim was stroking herself gently now as if alone with a very peaceful smile on her face. Whimpering softly.
Graham held his hand up to shush the audience again. "Kim, why don't you stand and step out of your skirt to be more comfortable"
She immediately stood and deliberately unzipped her skirt, let it drop and stepped out onto the stage. There was my wife standing completely nude on the stage except high heels and a little choker necklace. I had a hard on. She has such a perfect body and her cheeks were flush from having just cum. She was carnal.
"Kim, when I count to three and you are going to wake up, turn around and bow to the audience. Take a deep bow...Kim. You did very well and you deserve it. You will feel refreshed and revitalized and you will go sit down. You won't remember anything that's happened except how good you feel."
Turn around and bow I thought? This guy didn't miss a trick.
"One,.. Two... Three" He clapped his hands and Kim was all grins.
The audience was going wild.
Kim turned her back to the audience bent way over showing her ass revealing her ass plug.
The audience went crazy. Screams and howls. She raised her arms over her head and felt compelled to bow a second time. They howled again. I was mesmerized between the spectacle, the booze and the pot.
"Thank you Kim you were a wonderful subject. You can go sit" Graham said.
As Kim left the stage he handed her her clothing as casually as she was oblivious to being without them.
Kim came bouncing back to her seat grinning ear to ear. Sitting down still nude.
"Wow they loved me!!!" She was shrieking over the standing ovation.
Astonishingly, She stood and bowed again, with her hand on her twat lightly touching herself unaware of anything except the crowd.
I was yelling "Kim, Kim." Trying to get her attention but it was so loud she couldn't hear me.
Now, I was torn. I wanted to help her, but I was also enjoying how hot it was that Kim was nude in front of the room.
She looked at me beaming. I looked down and nodded for her to look down.
She looked down. It took a moment but then realizing her state and her eyes got really big.
Covering herself with her hands and sitting, now beet red, "Oh my God" she said.
Instantly she reaching for her clothing, pulling her skirt on while sitting. She quickly pulled her top over herself, dressing with all I could describe as deep embarrassment. But she was smiling.
The house lights came on and people started heading out and Kim said "I know he made me forget what happened. They always do. He made me do bad things didn't he.
"No baby, you were great. You looked so hot up there. I was so proud of you."
"I can't believe I was naked in front of a room of people."
"You were hot Kim."
Kim was clearly beside herself knowing she was the center of attention again. I think this trumped all things. I knew she was an exhibitionist at heart but never willing to accept it.
When we got back to our room, I thought she would brake my dick. Kim fucked me and sucked me hard to fuck me again 3 times before we fell asleep. In the morning she popped out of bed and ran to shower. I was grateful.
"Can we go to a nude beach today?" She asked.