It had come down in buckets for over an hour already and with the rain came the last of the copper leaves that had stubbornly clung to the branches past Halloween. The front yard would be a blanket of wet gold once it stopped but rather than see the beauty of it, he just saw more work. John sighed and shook his head after he let the curtain drop. He wondered for the hundredth time since Marianne passed if he shouldn't move.
He had argued both sides of the case for a while now and he knew all of the highlights. He had started doing it almost as if she were there to play Devil's advocate. He could see her arms crossed over her chest and he occasionally caught her scowling at him like she would do only once in a very great while. Family holidays were supposed to be in the pro category, shitty weather half the year was in the against. John felt that particular item held far more weight than family time but Marianne wouldn't have agreed. Quite often during the imaginary back and forth, John pictured her unable to resist a giggle. She had always been the cheery half, the better half in countless ways. More often than not she interrupted his soapbox with that little, pink bow of a mouth, puckered into a smile. Then she'd break out into a laugh.
Then he'd laugh.
The house was too quiet and that would have been at the top of the list for "Reasons to Sell". That along with the yard work that he'd grumbled about for going on forty years. The list went on to include this damn climate and the fact that his tricky shoulder was more like an unoiled hinge and the Chicago winter damp would settle into his bones, all the way to his toes and hang on until the middle of May.
When the doorbell rang, John made a face as he peered once more through the curtains. He kept his head down low. There was no need to answer and who the hell would be coming here in the middle of such a deluge? Who indeed, his eyes lingered over the intruder who appeared to be a young woman. Look at her, dressed like that and nothing more than a girl really. She must be a silly girl to be wearing such impossibly tight jeans. The ridiculous girl held a jacket over her head but it was too late, the water dripped from her waist length hair as if she'd just walked out of the shower. She was soaked all the way through. She beat on the door this time, really pounded on the screen door with her fist. "Come on, come on, please," she pleaded and jumped in place.
Dammit, it was nap time, he sighed his annoyance once more. On the other hand, how harmless could one girl be? He knew this would exhaust him as John eased out of the recliner and already wished he had gone to sleep in the bedroom rather than the living room. He pushed his feet into the worn, plaid slippers. "Yeah, yeah, I'm coming," he barked at the next volley of knocks. He shuffled across the wood floor and stopped at the transition to the entryway linoleum. Marianne would have had a rug here, something to soak up water and muddy tracks. Dammit, no one ever prepared him for all the ways that he'd miss her. "What?" he asked in his best gruff, old codger voice after yanking the door open.
The girl was sopping wet. She was wet all the way through her tee shirt and the outline of the see-through fabric stuck to her skin was a shock to the system. John sucked in his breath for a moment as his body jolted at the sight. Her breasts were perfectly rounded on top, bell shaped and heavy on the bottom. They would spill out of his large hands should he cup them and for a split second, he could almost feel the warm flesh between his fingers. The bra that they were strapped into was ruined and sheer from the water as well and John found it impossible to speak as his eyes outlined her form. "Mr. Gregory?" she shrieked and the salutation shook him from his trance. "Mr. Gregory, it's me Ashley. From next door. Can I come in?"
"Sure," he mumbled, although what he actually said was just garbled and really he'd just taken a breath, almost a wheeze. He took a step back and studied his memory. He was fairly certain that he would remember a goddess like this but nothing struck a chord. For years he had avoided the neighbors at all costs though so it made sense that there was no picture of a dark-haired beauty with gorgeous breasts there. Wait, maybe it was Ashley, the little terror with the curly, black hair that was always halfway down the block, just out of reach of one or more parent. Surely it couldn't be that Ashley. Since when had she gotten so much older and what did that say about him? Dammit, he couldn't be expected to keep up with birthdays and all of that crap, could he?
"Come in," he didn't sound welcoming but he waved her into the house anyway. He was half hypnotized by what he'd seen through the window, half annoyed that she was making a mess with those dripping, white tennis shoes. "Take your shoes off," John grumbled and put his hand out. It meant stop right there but it also meant don't take another step because I still haven't finished picturing the swell of your breasts. "Let me get the rug," he muttered as he tried to keep his eyes above her collarbones. Ashley, you don't say? She must have grown up quickly. This was a woman and a voluptuous one at that. She still had a tumble of inky, black curls down her back but that was the only resemblance. "Here, put your shoes on that," John had pushed the rug that Marianne kept in front of the couch toward the girl with the milky, white limbs.
"Thanks Mr. Gregory," Ashley said as she slid out of the dripping tennis shoes. "Holy crap, it's coming down hard," she added as she took the blue jacket off. She held it as it ran droplets of water steadily to the rug as she waited for further instructions.
John jammed his hands into his pants and his fists filled the pockets and made his change jingle. She was the first woman he'd seen in too long to remember. Sure, he saw women every day, at the grocery store, in the park, at the rec center where John still walked every morning. He made himself go, even though people still asked how Marianne was doing if they hadn't heard and it broke his heart just a little each time he had to repeat it. Women were still around, flitting on the edges but hardly noticeable at all.
It wasn't like this, like seeing Ashley.
This was a visual that he felt way down in the center of his body, in a place that had been asleep for far too long and now it was suddenly alive. It hummed with electricity like a piece of equipment that sparked and smoked and backfired occasionally. Noticing her was bringing back the feeling in places that were half dead and John wasn't sure if he shouldn't put her back out on the stoop. "Leave it on the floor," he nodded to her to come closer but stepped back just in case she got too close. "What are you doing out there?"
Ashley wrapped her arms around herself and all that did was press her magnificent, perfectly round breasts together so that John could watch the rain water trickle from her chin and collar bones down her cleavage. "Mom forgot to give me a house key so I'm locked out," she said in a sullen tone that suggested all the things she thought about her mother right now.
John had never been a fan of her mother either but he'd never shared that with anyone but Marianne and he wasn't about to change that. Not now, not with a girl who was a complete stranger. Even if she was stunning like that, covered in goosebumps and rivulets of water that touched her like intrusive fingers. Her nipples were clearly pointed and resembled flower buds about to burst into bloom through the completely see-through tee shirt and brassiere. He was frozen, unable to move from the spot. He could hear the drip as the little streams of her water splashed on the floor and yet he was unable to do one useful thing. "Why aren't you in school?" he mumbled like an idiot.
"I am," she nodded, "I just don't live on campus anymore," Ashley said as she twisted her mouth up. Her chin trembled and even in his state of hazy longing, John knew that those were tears that she was holding back.
He wanted nothing to do with that. Teenage girls, who knew what could set them off? He had always left that kind of stuff up to Marianne, even with their daughters. She'd been so good at it, like she'd been at everything.
Except for this; today, this girl and her budding nipples so front and center and the chill down in his bones had begun to warm to her breath and her white skin and the roundness of her hips. He was fairly certain that even Marianne wouldn't have a clever solution for this one. "You must be cold," he said in a voice from far away. It was somewhere far away where the first body that had cut through the blur of loneliness was something so palpable. It was something to touch, to trace his fingertips softly along the swell of her breasts. She might be cold but the feel of her would be sweltering.
Ashley just shivered and shook her head.
"Sorry, what am I thinking?" John asked himself more than her. She was his granddaughter's age for god's sake; a lovely girl but a girl nonetheless and she'd come here for help. "Come on in the kitchen," he beckoned to her, walking ahead. She'd have to follow because he knew better than to walk behind and watch the sway of her bottom in the skin-tight jeans, "I'll make you some tea."
She followed, her wet feet squeaked with every step. Ashley paused by the refrigerator as John turned on the light over the stove. "How about hot chocolate?" she wondered hopefully. "Mrs. Gregory used to make me hot chocolate with marshmallows when she watched me."
John scratched his head, unsure if he could fulfill her request. Of course she would remember what Marianne used to do. Everyone did and everyone reminded him of it too, how wonderful she was at managing everything. Now he had to remember how to make hot chocolate and at the same time not stare at the shirt that was a translucent second skin. It hugged her little waist, sucked to her hips, clung to her bosom and John just knew that it longed to be peeled up and off and tossed to the floor like the rag that it was. "Let me see," he said as he put his readers on and shuffled to the pantry. He pushed aside some cans to reach the back. The pantry had never had so much canned food before. It was depressing really, the sound of the plop of something congealed and sticky into the saucepan on the stove. It was just one, scraping the same saucepan, the clink of the one bowl, the washing of the one cup. That was why eating straight from the can was better. Then he could pretend that he was a bachelor once more and couldn't be bothered with such trivial things as silverware and dishes instead of in mourning. He liked the game he played with himself but it was never completely convincing. John had been domesticated long ago and there was no going back.
Here was something, a blue box with a cup on the front. "Here, hot chocolate," John declared, as he shook the little packet at the dripping girl, delighted, almost as if he'd found money or something.
Ashley shrugged, "that's cool, I guess. Mrs. Gregory used to make it from scratch." John felt that he must be glaring at her over his glasses because she quickly changed her tune, "but that'll be great Mr. Gregory. Thanks."
John nodded and began the process of measuring out the milk and pouring it into his chili saucepan. After he turned on the burner, he asked her, "why don't you live at school anymore? It can't be that great to move back home."
Ashley shook her head, "no, it really sucks living with old people." She had momentarily forgotten altogether that he was even older than the people who sucked in her household and quickly covered her mouth as if she were trying to push that back in. "I mean, sorry Mr. Gregory, but you know what I mean."
He couldn't help but smile but was fairly certain it would look more like a grimace. John began to stir the milk in a slow, clockwise movement. He did know what she meant, although he'd left home when he was 18 and never came back after four years in the Army. What did these damn kids know about that? His own were all well into their twenties before they flew the coop and one had come back after an unsuccessful takeoff.
What he also knew was that she was standing way too close to him to forget about the translucent, white fabric that was the same color as her skin. Ashley smelled like bubble gum and soap and he bet that the rain hadn't washed that off and if he lifted the tee shirt and peeled it from her ripe body, he'd smell her nakedness and her youth. It would come over him in waves. The clang of the spoon in his pot brought him back to reality. He stammered once more. He could hardly put the words together, "you're really wet." John forgot how stupid the old impulses made him. He wondered if he weren't blushing since his face and neck were both far too warm for such a chilly day.
"Yeah."
"We should put your clothes in the dryer," he offered and laid the spoon on the metal rim around the kitchen sink. John had recently learned how to work the dryer and was now proficient enough with it that even with her rosebud nipples staring at him, burning two little aching places into his chest, he was still sure he could dry her clothes.
He reached overhead for a china cup, one of the cups for company. He definitely wasn't serving her hot chocolate in his chipped, blue cup that was permanently stained on the bottom. Marianne had reminded him to throw it out a hundred times, maybe a thousand and he wasn't going to take a chance and share it now. Once he had the white and pink polka dotted cup in his right hand, he almost dropped it immediately. It was only a split second reaction with the left hand that saved it from shattering. "That would be great," Ashley said brightly and with one small hand, reached for the hem of her see through tee shirt and pulled it up slowly. The fabric clung to her skin and made a thirsty sound as she lifted the shirt from her body, something like the noise his lips would make as they latched on to a puckered nipple. She raised her arms overhead and up came the fabric. She revealed her taut, little waist and the ample weight of her breasts which were still squeezed into the white nylon bra. With another shake, she took the tee shirt off and held it between two, dainty fingers. "Watch out," Ashley cautioned with a nod of her head.
Because he might die right there, in the kitchen, the strain finally too much on his heart, which galloped at a dangerous clip. "What?" John whispered and wondered if her curves would catch his fall and if he died with his face pressed between her full, milk white breasts if it wouldn't be worth it.
"The milk," Ashley said with a grin and John wondered if, even at her young age, if she weren't well accustomed to men acting foolishly around her.
"Oh, oh right," he turned quickly and set down the cup and took the saucepan off the burner just before the milk began to completely boil. He wasn't sure if his hand was steady enough to pour it into the cup and instead, shook the little packet of mix and readied himself to tear the paper. "The milk," he repeated, breathless for no apparent reason.
"This is so nice of you," the girl with the inky, black hair told him with one hand on the button of her wet blue jeans. Jesus, she was going to strip right here in the kitchen. She'd leave two damp footprints on the brown tile and a pile of wet clothes and then he felt it, in his balls. Something stirred there, a heat and a longing that echoed his heartbeat. It was desperate, almost frantic; desire. The zipper made a gritty sound of metallic teeth and every hair on John's neck stood at attention as he realized that it had been years and years since he'd seen a woman in just a bra and panties.
"Wait," he wheezed as he placed a hand on her forearm, he didn't even trust himself there. He removed his fingers as if she were on fire. "Let me get you my bathrobe."
He took one long look. He watched where Ashley's little fingers were, stopped right there, on her crotch. There was the glimpse of underwear through the opening and John forced himself with a "humph" to turn around. All the way to his bedroom, he held one hand over his mouth to keep the perverted noises inside and wondered if she'd still smell like bubblegum and soap as he peeled her panties down over her heart shaped bottom and round hips and the flare of her thick thighs. Shit, he thought to himself as he reached for the old, green plaid bathrobe on the hook behind the door. This was more trouble than he needed. Marianne had always been the Good Samaritan, not him and for good reason.
He reached the kitchen just in time to discover that Ashley's panties were white also. White and full and shiny, the nylon was snug and hugged her bottom. It caressed both cheeks and showed the shadow of her ass crack. It was a line that even without his readers, John could discern quite clearly and he realized as his eyes traveled up the line that he was parched and maybe had been for years now. "Here," he said with a cough as he shuffled toward the girl in underwear, "p-p-put something on," John stuttered like it was the first time he'd seen an almost naked woman.
Ashley took his robe with a dimpled smile and slid one arm into the sleeve like a dance move. With one turn around, coming up on her tiptoes for a second, she was completely covered. "This is nice," Ashley murmured as she tied the robe around her waist in a bow.
John nodded, "don't forget your milk," he reminded her before he bent to pick up her wet things. He wasn't shaking, he was vibrating. He had a tremor but it was everywhere, his whole body. Was he having a stroke? It was as if his battery had been fully charged and something in his gut lurched and revved and threatened to charge. He couldn't possibly be expected to pour milk into a little cup when it was all he could do not to shred the bathrobe he'd just given her and fondle her.
John pictured her bent over the kitchen counter on his way to the dryer. She was lucky that he was a nice man and not a crazy rapist. What was wrong with girls, he wondered with a shake of his head as he came to the bottom of the basement steps and reached for the chain. Why in gods name would she expect to be fine after showing him that much skin?
He answered his own question as he squinted at the dryer. He was an old man, harmless, John was sure that was how she'd describe him. Harmless meant that she could dangle all that beautiful flesh in front of him casually with no worry of a consequence. He wouldn't do anything untoward, he wouldn't hold her down and force her fleshy thighs apart to ravage her up against the stove. Actually, John admitted as he closed the dryer lid, couldn't was more accurate. As alarming as the sight of her curves had been, as quickly as his pulse trembled and as deeply as the waves of need called in his spine, it still hadn't produced an erection.
As he slowly climbed the stairs, John remembered the last time he'd been hard and regretted using it so carelessly. If he'd known, surely he would have done something more spectacular rather than just quickly jerk himself to a nonchalant ending. Then the need just hid itself away, tucked back in his mind, the way he used to hide girly magazines when he was younger. His cock just never made an appearance since.
He rarely even thought of it; until this afternoon anyway.
Ashley was at the kitchen table and blew on her hot chocolate. "Your clothes will be dry in about an hour," John announced as he eased into the chair across from her. It wasn't until she looked up and smiled that he realized that he'd never, ever since she stepped inside, really looked at her face. What an idiot he'd been, John chided himself as he studied her thick, black fringe of lashes. Her lips were full and a delicate shade of pink. She was free of makeup, whatever she'd been wearing had washed off by now. Ashley was more than just a body. Her eyes were crazy, they were dark blue and they sparkled even in the dimly lit kitchen and John could just imagine how they'd twinkle if something actually caught her gaze. What was the reason for the almost tears earlier? "So why don't you live on campus anymore?" he asked.
Ashley's full bottom lip became a stiff, straight line. "My boyfriend, oh I mean ex-boyfriend," she added bitterly, "dumped me." There was the tremble in the voice that went with the glaze of tears, "so I just decided to finish the semester online."
"Why did he dump you?" John knew he shouldn't ask but she'd revealed so much skin that it almost seemed natural that she should tell him all her secrets.
"Because he thinks I'm fat," Ashley only whispered that part.
"Bullshit," John blurted out. It was too late to take the word back but these kids nowadays swore like sailors so he was sure she'd heard worse.
"No, that's really why," she affirmed in a voice that was sharp and prickly, as if she needed to defend herself from another question about the boyfriend.
John let out something that sounded like a growl. What kind of a fucking idiot would say something like that to her? "I mean bullshit, you're not fat. You're stunning," he couldn't really stop there though. There were so many inappropriate words, a hot tamale, a siren, a fox, a fine piece of ass, a fucking beautiful woman and emphasis on the woman. "You are sensuous, I think is a good word for you," John gave her a smile that he felt fairly certain was an actual smile and patted her hand. "If he didn't appreciate how beautiful you are then he definitely wasn't the man for you."
"Well, he definitely appreciated Lisa," Ashley looked glumly at her only warm chocolate now. "She's a stick compared to me."
John leaned back in the kitchen chair. Marianne had starved herself after the first pregnancy. She'd skipped dinners and gave him half a sandwich until what had been fleshy and soft had become a cold bag of sticks. It had taken years to convince her that he wanted the bounce and uncontrollable jiggle back. "He was just a boy, my dear," John said positively as he nodded. John was a grown man and at one point a connoisseur of the voluptuous and the animal inside that had been hibernating all this time could think of nothing but what he'd like to do with all of those delicious bouncing bits. "He couldn't handle a woman like you."
Ashley bit her bottom lip, as if she wasn't sure if she should take that as a compliment. "You don't think I'm fat, Mr. Gregory?" she asked with a gulp. Her voice was just above a whisper and he thought she should be much closer when she talked like that. He should feel her breath on the back of his neck.
These girls, he wanted to throw his hands up, these ridiculous girls who didn't understand that they ran the world. "Absolutely not," he affirmed and crossed his arms over his chest to keep his hands busy. His hands had memorized the journey to the opening of the robe and itched to part it slowly. "You're perfect," he murmured in a voice that only Marianne would have recognized as the beginning of his lovemaking ritual.
The girl twisted in the chair and pushed her drenched black hair over one shoulder. When she finally allowed herself to smile at him, it was with a flutter of her thick lashes and there was the light in her eyes that suggested that under this innocent façade, she might have a little devil in her. "Not like I should care, right? I mean no boyfriend just means no sex and I don't think it's a big deal anyway." She swirled her cup to get the chocolate at the bottom and finished her beverage.
John couldn't hold back the dry chuckle. "Not a big deal?" It was the only big deal. "The only way that sex wouldn't be a big deal was if you weren't doing it properly," he sighed as his imagination went over the image. That body, that alabaster statue of female perfection and not a supplicant worthy of worship. What a complete waste. "I imagine at your age, you'd need to show the young men what you like because they don't have a clue." John laughed as he remembered himself, lanky and awkward and bumbling; all dick and no clue. He repeated himself, "not a clue, trust me. They need all the education they can get."
She gulped once more and John thought he would like to touch her throat and feel the movement. "What if you don't know what you like?" she asked, she sounded embarrassed.
It was also John's turn to be embarrassed now. There was absolutely no other way to say it though. "You mean, you don't make yourself," he scratched his head, nope, no other way to get through it but straight to the point. "You don't make yourself cum when you touch yourself?"
She shook her head a little and sounded wistful when she admitted, "I really don't think so. I would know if I did, right?"
This conversation had taken a turn that left him cornered. Dammit, he thought as he felt the frown furrowed on his face. If he weren't the harmless, old geezer from next door, she wouldn't be telling him her deepest, darkest secrets. She'd be worried about him taking advantage of her in that bathrobe, with the indelible image of her roundness from earlier stamped on his mind. Now he knew that her body was starving. She was blossoming like that, bursting with her juiciness and so very lovely and yet, starving for pleasure. "Well that's not right," was all he could manage to say in a voice that was far away. John was lost somewhere in a place of shadows, where a dark haired girl sighed and his fingers responded.
"Will you show me?" the wet girl asked with a nervous tremor in her voice, as if she was afraid that he'd say no.
John's heart pounded so loudly, the echo of it and the blood rushing with a sudden, hungry purpose made it too loud to be certain and all he could do was ask, "what?"
"Show me?" she almost begged in that little girl voice that really shouldn't be magical on his flesh. It should be wrong but the beast inside had been let out of his cage and he didn't give a good goddamn if it was wrong.
It was happening.
He took her hand. It was soft and delicate and her dainty fingers were curled in his wrinkled, heavy paw. John didn't take time to think. There was no time, there was nothing but this necessary thing that caused waves of heat and longing to run up and down his body. Something had unfurled. The heat was turned up between his legs and John couldn't stop it if he wanted to. Quickly, he brought her to the bedroom, the same place he'd been sleeping for forty years, night after night, curled up on the same side under the same afghan. He dropped Ashley's hand and walked to the nightstand where he turned the knob. She was illuminated in the warm glow. It wasn't bright or intrusive, but just enough so that she could see exactly what he was doing.
They both could.
"Stand here," he guided her to the place, in front of the full length mirror that was to the right of the foot of the bed. He looked up just to make sure that he was almost hidden entirely from the reflection. Good, that was perfect. Only his gray hair and his readers were visible and he had become nothing but a pair of eyes that would take in every movement.
Ashley, on the other hand, was front and center and when John untied the bathrobe, he could feel her take a deep breath. Perhaps she was nervous now. Perhaps the girl suddenly realized what she had asked and her mind might be whirling right now as she contemplated that he might not be so harmless after all.
John removed the robe slowly and watched as it fell open to reveal her see-through underwear. He pulled the sleeves from her arms and tossed it on the bed. He already knew that when he put it on again, the robe would burn on his skin. The fabric would hold the memory of Ashley and he'd never wear it again without feeling her skin on his body.
He let his fingertips wander down the perimeter of her bra. He gently followed it from her collarbones, along her décolletage. "Do you touch your breasts when you play with yourself?" John asked in a voice that should include his hand on his cock. He sounded dirty and depraved like he was jacking off to a girl on the phone.
"A little," she nodded as she blushed beautifully in the mirror.
He slipped his fingers down her round shoulders and followed the straps all the way to the middle of her back. John unhooked her bra and watched Ashley's pendulous breasts move with their new freedom. He peeled the nylon back from her milky, white skin and sighed contentedly as he bared her. He dropped the bra to the floor. How could she be so beautiful? His eyes took in the heavy, pale breasts with her dark pink, tipped nipples. They were two dots of strawberry on a scoop of vanilla ice cream. He smiled as he brought his fingers back to her nipples. Strawberry was one of the best flavors.
Ashley sank her head back as he traced two slow circles around both buds and he felt them crinkle under his touch. "No, darling," he told her in the deep, lustful voice, "watch me as I touch you. I want you to watch me touch you everywhere."
"Yes, Mr. Gregory," she whispered and nodded her obedience. He wasn't sure if it was the sight of her nipples becoming tiny, hard beads in his fingers as he barely scraped them with his nails; or if it was the fact that she still addressed him as Mister. Maybe it was both, but he felt it in his balls. They shifted and his cock rolled to one side, as if waking up and stretching after a long nap.
Her nipples responded to his hands. Ashley's whole body responded. The girl was ripe for plucking and she couldn't stop purring as she watched him knead and graze her hot points. "Your nipples definitely like to be played with," John whispered on her neck. He felt the drumroll of the girl's pulse on his mouth. He watched his tongue as it escaped his lips and licked her like she was a juicy bit of meat. The girl in his arms wiggled, her round hips wound in a circle against his pelvis.
When he closed his mouth and nibbled her throat with the tips of his teeth, she swallowed hard and pushed her marshmallow bottom back into his cock. That's when he felt it, a pulse, an undeniable movement. He held his breath as if he couldn't risk it, he couldn't breathe until he knew for certain. He watched the girl in the mirror and felt her tremble as he made heated little stones of her sensitive nipples and there it was. John growled as he felt his cock flutter in the front of his pants. It had been so long. It was almost forgotten but a rush of relief washed over him like a refreshing splash of cold water on a sweltering, hot day.
His dick worked.
He knew just what would confirm how well it worked too. "Take your panties down for me," John didn't ask her, didn't say please and didn't stop teasing her nipples. He told her, "I want to see how wet you are for me, Ashley." He said it to her reflection and studied her bare, bell-shaped breasts and how they moved when she shifted her hips.
Ashley put her small hands on the waistband. Her cheeks were pink and John loved that she bit her bottom lip again, hesitant, as if she could really stop this now. She was thinking that in just a few seconds she'd be naked with a man that was old enough to be her grandfather, hell, maybe even her great-grandfather. She'd asked him to show her but had she really known how far it would go until that minute? "Yes, Mr. Gregory," she said in a timid tone that made his balls draw up closer.
She pushed the soaking wet, white panties down her hips and they dropped in a puddle at her feet. Ashley moved them with her tiny toes, and this time, it was John's turn to make a sound that could only be an expression of ache.
She was bare. She was bare, without a bit of hair between her legs, bare like the pornography that he'd glimpsed at here and there over the years. Ashley was bare and her pussy lips were demure and the same milky, white color as the rest of her cool, marble body. Small and not quite parted, she had lovely petals that longed to be plucked. Innocent and virginal, tiny and girlish, now that John had seen her sweet perfection, he understood why she didn't know how to pleasure herself. He should feel guilty for this, he thought for a moment. No, guilt was a waste, he told himself. He watched as his right hand clasped her bare mound. She whinnied and shivered in his arms and he knew that she wanted it. God, no, he felt the heat rise in his hand, she needed it.
She was so soft there. Her flesh was hot velvet and he realized that she wasn't bare so much as she was covered in almost white down, like a newly picked peach. Once John clasped her mound in his right hand, he knew that he'd cum to this. He'd cum to her, the sight of her. He'd cum to the smell of her that rose from between her legs; something sweet and fruity mixed with musk and heat. He had to know, "do you use your hand or a toy to play with yourself?"
She couldn't keep still. The dark-haired beauty watched and wiggled in his palm, as if her body was begging for more in spite of her wishes. "Sometimes a toy, but," she panted, "I don't let myself," her eyes met his in the mirror and the passion there made his cock rise to meet her. "Cum," Ashley finished.
He kept his eyes locked on hers as he whispered a promise. "I'm not going to stop until you cum so hard you can't stand," John growled and watched as her thighs parted, as if to dare him to keep his word. Her slick, satin lips trembled as he began, slowly, with just his index finger on his right hand to trace up the curve of one lip and then down and around the other. Once he traced the center line, he felt her shiver. The girl in his arms was simultaneously freezing and on fire. John smiled at the sight of her goosebumps that had rushed down her body. She was so sensitive and he was so enchanted. As his left hand lazily meandered back and forth over her nipples, he parted her quivering lips with the other hand.
She was wet as rain and let out a squeak when his two fingers slithered through her petals and opened her up wide. Ashley looked up at the ceiling and he quickly corrected her. "No, darling, look in the mirror. Look at how perfectly made you are." His hard-on agreed with every word and unceremoniously poked against her back through his jeans now. "So pink and juicy and perfect," he murmured dreamily. "Oh baby," he whispered as he touched the dripping, almost hidden, inner lips. She was even hotter here. They watched together as he opened her darker pink inner lips and Ashley pushed her thighs together and rubbed herself in his hand. "Open up wide for me," he guided her as he stared like a deviant. Her voluminous thighs jiggled as she parted her legs once more and he felt as she held her breath. Her wild eyes were riveted onto his fingers.
Perfect, that's just what he wanted. She was slippery and his fingers began to make a sticky noise as he gently worked them back and forth. He ran them through her sensitive inner labia; from her creamy, little entry all the way to her still halfway hooded clitoris. She let her breath out in a cry of surprise when he kept two fingers there on the pink hood and rocked to and fro as he felt her clit swell inside. "Mr. Gregory," she still managed to be so formal when he was ravishing her luscious pussy, "that feels so good."
"Is this how you touch yourself Ashley?" he needed to know. John wanted the mental image of her masturbating for later.
She whimpered, "yes, but you do it so much better," and on the last word she gasped as they both watched the curtain draw back fully and her ripe clitoris appeared. Shining with her wetness, it was just one more delectable thing about her, John decided and if it weren't so filthy, he'd hang his tongue out while he stared.
"That's beautiful," he told her and watched as her clit pulsed under his fingers. It was the size and shape of a pearl and now that he'd gotten its attention, it grew and swelled and vibrated between his fingers. "You need this, don't you darling?" he asked but he knew the answer already. He knew that most women were aching for a man with patient fingers and were usually startled by how much they needed it once they received the proper attention.
She answered anyway. "God yes," Ashley said with a moan.
John kept up the tempo and the pressure and watched intently as the girl in the mirror began to fuck his hand back. She pumped her round hips and he could feel her voluptuous bottom sway and then push back to meet his throbbing dick as she lost herself in the pleasure of his hand. They were both almost hypnotized at the reflection. It wasn't until he felt her stiffen and heard the sound that came from her belly, the guttural moan of an animal that is nothing but instinct, that he realized that Ashley was going to cum in his hand.
"God," she cried out, she shuddered and pushed into his palm. Ashley rubbed herself on him as if she couldn't possibly have enough, as if he might stop and leave her on the brink. "God, yes," she cried out as she came undone and finally let go. John smiled to his reflection as he watched her orgasm drip down his fingers to the floor.
She'd be nothing more than a puddle when he was finished with her. That was if she allowed him to continue. He had to get closer though. "Good girl," he hissed as he knelt at her feet. He could see his cock flailing to get out of its confinement now. The outline was clear in the front of his pants. A younger man would have been in a hurry to pull it out. John, on the other hand, hadn't seen a hard dick in so long that he was afraid it would never happen again. He wanted to make it last even if that meant blue balls. "You need more, don't you?" he asked and watched her nod in agreement.
Ashley blushed everywhere. Her flesh was the softest shade of pink, almost the same color as her pussy and he grinned. She was beautiful and breathless and dripped with cum for for him. Who knew that he could make a teenage beauty queen climax like never before?
He still had it.
He watched intently as Ashley parted her legs even more for him. Her body made sure that he knew that he had permission for everything, anything. The girl had one finger in her mouth, she bit the tip just a bit, nervous perhaps. It might have been the sight of all that pale, jiggly flesh, open and on display. "You know who you look like?" he asked her while his fingers busied themselves up and down her thighs, making a pathway to the beautiful pink place that he craved. "Venus de Milo; do you know the statue?" John smiled as she dropped the finger and her mouth curled into a little smile.
"Yes, I do," she pushed her still damp black hair back over her shoulder, "she's beautiful."
"Oh darling, so are you," he said reverently, like a prayer. It was a prayer to the dripping place between her legs that was open and needy. Her clit was still engorged and almost red, her inner lips were splayed wide open and begged to be explored. It took all of his self control not to twirl her body around and lap up her milk with his tongue. He wanted to taste her, he was parched for her but he wanted to watch her squirt first. "So beautiful," he added as his right index finger dropped down, from her clitoris to her entry. "You should be worshipped and fucked like this every day," he said as he took his place behind her. He rested his chin on her cushiony bottom and took in the sight of her loveliness.
There was a little gasp as his finger slid inside. Ashley must not be used to feeling quite so full but John would change that. Once she opened for him, she sighed languidly, "oh Mr. Gregory."
"That's perfect, honey," John said to her reflection. His cock watched the sway of her breasts and her hips as they kept perfect time. "Now play with your nipples," this was going to be the hottest fucking thing he'd ever seen, John was sure of it. "Do it the way I showed you."
Ashley obeyed and cried out softly as her tiny digits followed what he had shown her. He watched as she made her buds hot, pink stones once again. She traced her fingertips in slow circles as she opened her legs wider for more. When he inserted his middle finger, there was no squeal this time, just a hum.
God she was hot inside, hot and drenched. John began to fuck her, slow and deep and her pussy gulped. The noises that came from her core were hungry. He watched as his fingertips reached her g spot and the look on her face was pure porn. Gone was that innocent girl who had carelessly undressed right in front of him. This was a woman, this woman had a wanton, heated expression. Her blue eyes were wild and her mouth was open, her body demanded this and John was determined to give it everything it needed.
The two fingers beckoned inside. They touched her most sensitive place and then slid back once more, just to push in even deeper. John reached around with the left hand and kept the tempo of his right on her clit. Her pussy dripped and trickled and gushed and squelched as he kept the tempo, perfect timing as the hum from her center became something else.
It was a mating call.
Ashley's hips followed his lead and her bottom bounced to the rhythm of his hands. Her clit had become enormous. It was so red and full there would be no hiding it under the hood, no tucking it away. He felt the quiver as it ran down the black-haired girl's body and entered his own. The muscles in her thighs clenched as she thrust her round ass back and moaned, "oh fuck."
Her pussy tightened around his fingers. It was so eager. The girl was starving inside and didn't want to release him until her lovely, little cunt drowned in this pleasure. Ashley spit her milky cream, a river of it ran down her thighs and made a puddle at her feet. Another clench and she covered his forearm in her steamy liquid. One more pulse of her hips and her spray spattered the mirror with her glorious cum.
She vibrated there. John watched as her whole body shook, as the waves danced through her, up her spine and raced back down. "What was that?" she whispered, bewildered and unsteady. She was about to lose her balance.
John gently removed his fingers and his sticky hands helped her to the edge of his bed where he was sure she would leave a trail of wetness all down the side of his mattress. Poor girl, couldn't be expected to stand after exploding like that, could she? He answered as he traced the tips of his fingers softly over her pelvis, "that was how you should be taken care of, darling."
Ashley had collapsed but then propped herself with one arm. She looked lazy and lost but the heat in her crazy, blue eyes told him she was far from spent. She had just been awakened to what was possible. Something naughty glimmered there and John's hard-on said yes to it already, if leaving a new precum stain in his underwear could be a sign of agreement. "Your turn," she nodded to him with just her chin. It was kind of a dare.
She had shown him hers, hadn't she? He thought for a moment, his hands were unsure of what to do. A girl her age, how many boys could she have seen naked? Maybe just the one who had broken her heart and regardless of the number, they were all boys. They were slender and toned. They were one long line of chiseled abs and legs, with an erection that came and went with the breeze.
John's body was a man's body and an old man at that. He was scarred and gristly and a paunch hung over his belt and he was covered in wild patches of unruly, gray fur. His dick waved to the girl though. There was that. When would another black-haired beauty be naked in his bed again?
He pulled the worn sweatshirt off over his head and threw it to join her bra and panties. Normally his arthritic fingers would bother him when it came to the belt buckle but he didn't feel anything except the drumroll of his heart beating like mad in his chest. He had begun to think that his impotence didn't matter because there would never be cause for anyone to see anyway. He was delighted to be wrong, at least once. John dropped his corduroy pants to the floor and he was almost overjoyed and maybe even a little bit proud of the weight between his legs.
Off came the briefs and it was his turn to be a little shy when he saw Ashley bite her bottom lip once more in hesitation. Perhaps he was as hideous as he imagined. "It's big," was all she said and his cock nodded and dripped its sticky liquid on her thigh. Why yes, yes he was, thank you for noticing.
"It's big for you," John murmured as he took his girth in hand and squeezed his old friend hello. "Because you're so fucking beautiful," he continued as his right hand worked the full length of his almost red, fully engorged cock. He could feel the veiny shaft, full of boiling, hot blood. She looked even better like this with her hair almost dry. Crazy curls tumbled down her shoulders and back and her hair looked as if she'd been fucked as hard as he wanted to fuck her. Her breasts rested on her belly, her thighs spilled open wide and her lips were no longer little or demure. They were full and red and stretched open wide in a pornographic invitation. Her body demanded cock.
She was in heat. John had started something that he certainly hoped he could finish. "Show me how you touch yourself," Ashley said in a cute, singsong voice that drove him crazy. Just to give him some motivation, she reached one hand to cup her own breast. The flesh overflowed from her small hand and that was an excellent beginning.
How could he say anything but yes? John began to slowly jack himself for her. His feet spread wide apart so that his left hand could cup his aching balls. My god, he was full of cum. Maybe years worth of cum. If she was ripe for the plucking then he was teetering on the brink of an eruption. "You're so beautiful and wet," he muttered as he continued his up and down motion. "Your pussy is amazing," he sounded like a boy her age, all wistful and yearning as he stared and stroked. If he had been just a boy, John was almost positive he'd already have fallen in love with Ashley. He moaned at the pleasure of his hand as much as the thought.
She took the lead now, she had learned so much already. Girls were always ahead he thought to himself when she licked the tip of her finger and bent her leg to give him an even better view of her creamy slit. "You love my pussy, Mr. Gregory?" she wanted to know as she touched her clit for him with the wet finger.
"Love it," he muttered, mesmerized at the sight of her. His breath came faster with every trip back and forth and his balls were much too full to contain. His thighs flexed as he started to move back and forth, as if he were fucking her. As if this beautiful little china doll were completely full of his man sized dick right now and he was about to fill her to the top with cum.
"Fuck, yes," he grunted as he caught a glimpse of his profile in the mirror. It was her lovely white legs and just his cock that seemed to strain to get at her. He was a beast, ready to ravage her. His hand picked up the beat. "I fucking love your pretty, little pussy," he whispered, the electric waves of longing had taken over and he could barely think let alone speak. His precum poured from his slit in a salty river that was a waterfall down her thighs.
She flicked her round bud slowly and told him, "I want to watch you cum, Mr. Gregory."
He hoped she did because there was no holding it back now. John bucked, he spasmed and his balls were completely drawn up. They were hot and tiny and hard and the head of his dick had never been so huge. "Oh my god," he cried out and looked to the right for a moment. It was just a split second but he was just in time to see the creamy arch of his semen spurt and dash down the center of Ashley's curvaceous body. Then another squirt and another and he watched as he covered her tits and chest and belly with his warm, creamy load. She looked as if he'd poured milk down her center and the rivulets rushed down to the sheet beneath her.
It was his turn to lose his footing and he laughed as he crashed down on the bed next to her. John knew that his hand was rough, he really shouldn't be touching her satin skin with it but he couldn't resist running his fingertips through the orgasm that he'd doused her with. He swirled the hot cum and caressed her all at once as the sweet haze of his passion swallowed him down.
It might have been just a minute or two or it might have been days. John had lost track of time and he swore he could see stars as his body melted and the swell of ecstasy came down along with his pulse rate. As he began to notice the room once more, he could hear the patter of the rain on his bedroom windows and the rhythm of Ashley's gentle breath.
He rolled to his right and noticed that she had already curled up. She faced him, calm and quiet and lovely, just a girl once more. Her dark blue eyes were serene and sparkled in the light. Her mouth was a pink bow and had a secret smile, as if she now knew all the wicked secrets about the old guy next door. Her breasts were pressed together and lolled to one side. Her nipples had retreated and were just dollops of strawberry jam once more. "See, you definitely know when you cum," John told her with a chuckle as he used her words from the kitchen.
Ashley giggled and her flesh shivered and John realized that in spite of cumming harder than he could remember, his dick hadn't completely softened. "I see what you mean, Mr. Gregory," she murmured as her dainty fingers meandered to his chest. Could she feel his heart beating there? It was a recently wounded heart that couldn't make sense of the lovely girl beside him. All of the other questions stopped though when she asked, "can we make love now?"
Jesus, John thought to himself, could he? He'd be crazy to say no but after exploding like that, could a man his age even expect to go again? He scratched his head and weighed the pros and cons. "Do you want to?" he asked in a lover's voice as he reached out to touch her cheek. God, she was beautiful, like an angel with a torrent of black hair. The sway of her hips, the bounce of her bottom, every curvy inch of her appeared to be made for sin and yet, at this moment she looked so innocent. She could even be a virgin, looking at him like that.
She nodded. Her blue eyes were puddles, large and clear. "Yes, I think so," she held his hand there on her cheek. "Just go slow," she whispered.
He was fairly certain that if he could get it up again that slow was the only speed he could go. That's right, John reminded himself, Ashley was used to boys that jackhammered away as if a pussy was the same as their hand. "Slow and steady," he promised before he rose to his hands and knees.
What was almost certain to make him hard again, he frowned as he wondered. One look at the mirror and he had the answer; all it took was a little finagling. "Come to the edge," he wrapped his gnarled fingers around the fleshy place right above her knees and pulled so that her little feet touched the floor. Her toenails were painted purple and it made him smile. She was such a girl and yet, completely a woman, at least when she was on the verge of an orgasm. Once Ashley was arranged, John just needed to move the mirror a few inches to the left.
There were her calves. They were white and shiny in the reflection and he nodded to himself as he felt the first grip in his testicles. Yes, it was a yes to her question. He was almost positive that he could make love with her. He sunk to his knees, his face just a few inches from Ashley's bareness and he inhaled. How could he rush this, he wondered, how could anyone when she smelled like flowers and sweet cream?
Ashley should be savored in long, lingering laps with the tip of his tongue. He was here, allowed to worship at the feet of the goddess. John sighed contentedly and settled in with a glance at his reflection. This was the only place he wanted to be.
She shivered as his breath bathed her. His heated sigh tantalized her full lower lips before he whispered, "I want to taste you, darling."
His dark-haired girl was quick to part her legs a little more. John felt it in his dick as it rolled to one side. She wanted him. He would make sure to taste every sticky inch of her like no boy her age had ever done. He'd take his time and feel her orgasm pulse on his tongue. He'd memorize her girlish taste, like new wine. He'd remember her long after he washed his face, of that John was certain.
He kissed her at the top of her down covered lips, right where the line that parted her began. He listened to her sigh. The sound of her pleasure went right to the head of his dick and after the second kiss, his cock drooled down his leg as if he hadn't cum at all. It was as if this was his first time, as if the teenage beauty queen was the one he'd been waiting for all this time. Another kiss and another and her lips curled open once more. They invited John to partake of the divine, dark pink, slickness that he'd only touched before. The flowery scent mixed with her animal scent was something rich and fertile. The essence of her rose up as the girl whispered, "yes Mr. Gregory."
Intoxicating, he thought as he let his tongue begin its dance with the hood of her clit. He could feel just the tip underneath, just a bit of the hardness and the fleshiness of its cover. Ashley tasted like her cum and he'd never tasted anything like it before. Sweet, yes, sweet and creamy and rich and delicate on the tongue; something that only a girl her age could taste like. She tasted of a long, rainy afternoon as two lovers began. She tasted of longing and touching and kissing. She tasted of starry nights spent discovering naked flesh. She tasted new and he was so old that new had a flavor. Maybe if he drank her down, she'd be the fountain of youth.
One look in the mirror and he knew she was. He needed a hand free. "Darling, spread your lips for me," he pleaded with her. John wanted to drown in that sweet spray that she'd baptized the mirror with. "Show me your perfect, little pussy."
"Oh god," she whispered, like a secret that she'd never told before. Her tiny, pale hands spread her velvety, bare lips open. That alone, just the act of opening up wide once more seemed to have been enough to make her little clit peek out. It asked him for more attention.
John lapped her clit softly and watched as the line of his hot saliva puddled on her pink, juicy hood. The wetness worked its way into every nook and cranny. Fuck, he grasped his half hard dick and wondered where it had been all this time as he wetted her some more. He hadn't even known how badly he'd needed this. He would have been afraid to open the door if he'd known what a craving he had for delicious, young flesh.
That was it, what he needed. John was more than half hard and his hand felt good. It was solid and steady, the rhythm he'd known his whole life was perfect. He licked her little bead to the same tempo. Ashley sighed and rocked her hips. She held her labia open wide and her breath came harder with every lash of his tongue. Her clit pulsed to the beat that his tongue set and he growled when he watched it appear. He had turned into an animal, depraved and desperately horny; her juices in his mouth was all he craved.
As John jacked off, he moved down to her tiny entry and licked the rivulet of creaminess that flowed from her there. Her inner thighs jiggled and shook, like it was difficult to keep them apart, like something told her that good girls wouldn't spread her legs like this. Ashley kept them wide though and she bounced her bottom on his bed. She said his name over and over in the breathless, sexy little voice that made the precum come even faster. "Mr. Gregory, oh yes, Mr. Gregory," she whimpered as he lapped from her entry down to her tightly sealed little asshole and then back, all the way up to her bulging clitoris. She sang every time his tongue caressed her there. She cried and moaned and seemed to be utterly surprised that anything could feel like this.
He was determined to taste that sweet, milky splatter that had coated his hands. Fuck, he thought again as he watched himself in the mirror. He lapped and sucked like an animal that had come unhinged. He'd been starving for so long. He began to suck her clitoris, gently, with just his lips firmly in a little O. She responded with a cry. It was a desperate sound. Equally desperate was the little tremor in her "yes." He kept his mouth right there. He sucked to the tempo that her hips begged for.
The perfect pace, the perfect speed, the perfect tempo, she whispered yes a hundred times. It was the beautiful, wet girl's mantra, her release, her total surrender to his mouth. His hand even noticed that her clit pulsed in his mouth. It kept its own time. It counted the strokes until it would burst and flow and give up a mouthful of her teenage cum, fruity and sweet and fresh. Her body and his mouth sealed together. The liquid sound of him as he gulped from her fountain and the cries that came from the wet girl on the bed drowned out the howl that rose from deep inside John's chest. His hand had brought him far too close and he just held cock as it throbbed, close to yet another tremendous orgasm.
She bucked, Ashley shuddered and shook on his mattress and her little fingers curled in his gray hair as she reached her crescendo. "Mr. Gregory," was all she said, and the rest was just a plea. It was a sound that begged him never to stop. It was something from deep in her core, something that made her clit pound like a heartbeat in his mouth.
She was so goddamn delicious. A hot stream of her cream came from her entry and dripped down John's chin. He couldn't gulp her fast enough and he could feel all the juices that his mouth missed as they rained down his chest. They dropped and coated and coating his dick and bathed his whole body with her milky sweetness.
He was on fire, there was no stopping him now. He'd been baptized in orgasmic fluid and he needed to cover his cock with it. John rose to his feet, licked his lips and slurped up a dollop of her wetness left behind. She was an angel. Actually, a porn star and a gorgeous woman and an angel all wrapped into one and he couldn't help but smile at her flush and her heavy lidded, lazy eyes. "Turn over for me, darling," he patted her bottom and sunk his fingers into her doughy, dewy flesh. She was wet everywhere. She'd exploded and what he'd failed to drink had spilled down her backside. "I have to see that gorgeous ass of yours."
Ashley bit her lip once again and if he had to guess, she was probably worried about him seeing her luscious globes and feeling how soft and jiggly she was from behind. She did as she was told though and turned, her breasts shifted, her round hips swiveled, and then she was on her hands and knees. She swept her black hair behind her shoulder and looked behind. She asked with a flutter of her lashes, "like this? Do you like that?"
Jesus, he was in love with that. Her ass was two, round, milky white spheres . Her crack dripped with cum and he was going to watch her jiggle under him while he filled her to the very bottom with his dick. "You have the most beautiful ass I've ever seen," he murmured reverently. With one hand on her bottom and one on his hard on, he guided the dripping head to her pink slit. "Don't worry honey," he said, his eyes glazed over as he worked his dick up and down her center. He coated himself in her little girl cum, sure to be slick when he entered her for the first time. John assured her, "I'll go slow."
He watched intently as his slit pulsed and spit clear liquid inside her. He found himself holding his breath and when he entered her it was with a gasp. Fuck, she was soaking wet and tiny inside. She whimpered as the bulging head of his dick made its way in, another inch and then another. "Darling, you're perfect," he whispered as he thrust almost halfway home. She was, perfectly soft, perfectly silk, perfectly pink and it was almost as if her dripping snatch was made for him.
One glance in the mirror and he growled. He grasped her large, heart shaped bottom with both hands now and pulled her toward his dick. Ashley tossed her hair and turned to face him. Yes, her face and her ass, a magnificent combination. She had that innocent face, those soulful, deep blue wells that drew him in deeper and deeper. Then her juicy butt swayed to the tempo that his cock was setting. "Yes, fuck me Mr. Gregory," she purred in a honeyed voice.
He moaned as he thrust himself all the way in. He was wrapped completely in her heat and her wetness and his thighs slapped against the back of hers. His balls swayed, god, they were full and miraculously heavy. They were hot and overflowing with even more seed as if he'd never spent himself just a little while ago. "Baby," he whispered in a strange voice, almost as if he were choking. It was taking every bit of his self control not to lose himself inside her right this second.
He looked to his reflection and watched as the hairy, gray beast mated with the milky white beauty, her bottom tipped up in surrender. She gave him everything, all of her pussy filled with him. She felt like a virgin, if he could even remember what a virgin felt like. John thought it must be exactly like Ashley, glove tight and slippery, soapy with her juices that ran down her legs. Her thighs quaked under him, hinting at all of the sensation pulsing inside.
He reached around and found her clit with his right hand, god she still wanted more. Her clitoris was a large, hot pulsing stone. One pass of his fingers and the black-haired girl thrust her ass back hard and rubbed herself in his palm. They both said yes again and again, an echo of the other's pleasure. It was part of the crescendo, it built and built. So did the ache in his dick as it sent a jolt of lightning down his spine and John knew there was no turning back.
He was going to cum.
Ashley cried out in the nick of time and he gasped as her virginal entry squeezed even tighter. She shuddered in his hand and on his cock simultaneously. John let go and the first dash of his cum came with such force, he let out a scream. He filled her, and her sweet little cunt guzzled it down, chug after chug, gush after gush. The pleasure wracked his body and John groaned, his sweaty head resting on the girl's heaving back.
When he moved, his softening dick pulled from her juicy entry and he felt the rush of their combined climax run from her upturned pussy. Ashley rolled to her back and he collapsed on his wet, sweat soaked, cum sprayed mattress. His hand sought hers out and wouldn't be satisfied until it had woven its fingers through hers.
All they were was breath and a pulse that was slowly dividing itself once more. Her soft calf brushed his, her hair touched his shoulder. It seemed odd as his heart slowed and the light came back to the room, it seemed odd to think of her as separate.
It was still raining outside. John rolled to his side, still holding her hand as the reality of what had just occurred became suddenly clear. All he had to say was, "wow, it sure is raining."
"Yeah," Ashley agreed with a little smile. "I guess if it didn't rain though, this never would have happened." She meant this, all of this, the most amazing lovemaking that two people could have had. The fuck of the century, at least his.
"True," he nodded and stared into her eyes. John suddenly had a hundred questions and no answers.
Ashley reached with her lips and he was a little shocked. Shocked by the feel of her; her soft, round lips, her warm breath heated his face and his mouth. He was equally shocked that after all of this intimacy, he'd never kissed her. Not even once.
John let go and let his tongue lap along the bottom of her top lip and he hummed into her open mouth. It had been so long, so long since he'd kissed, kissed in this bed. In fact he could remember the last time perfectly.
She came back at that moment and suddenly it was as if she had never left. Marianne with all of the tubes and the machinery that beeped in the background. The memory bubbled up and he let go of the dark haired girl in his bed with a forlorn sound that someone her age couldn't understand.
Ashley made a face, a crinkled up forehead and her luscious mouth became a straight line to match the ones between her eyebrows. He hadn't been with a woman in a long time, but he knew that was annoyed. Fuck, what to say? He couldn't very well tell her that he was being haunted. It sounded bizarre, even to him. John had no experience with the casual lover. The last woman he'd brought to his bed never left; in fact, she'd died in it. He held Ashley's chin with one hand and hoped he could convey it all with his eyes while his mouth said, "I better get your clothes out of the dryer."
Her jeans and tee shirt were warm and dry now, they smelled of fabric softener and John was sure that would be all her mother would smell when Ashley was finally allowed in the house. She'd explain, very curtly, like teenage girls tend to speak to their mothers, that she had to spend the whole stupid afternoon at Mr. Gregory's house thanks to her forgetting that Ashley even lived there. He shook his head, glad that he was past refereeing fights with the children.
He entered the bedroom and realized this was a different Ashley. She had sat up and wound the blue, ruined sheet around her nakedness. She was off limits now. She was hiding once again and John hoped, if nothing else, she'd remember how gorgeous she was after this afternoon. "They're dry," he handed her the clothes, suddenly feeling too bare and too chilly. The cold was back in his fingers and toes and he was sure that it would settle in for the winter. He picked up his worn robe and carefully tied it around his middle. "I'll let you get dressed," he told her with a scowl. He wasn't good at this, how would anyone be?
It didn't take more than a couple of minutes before she was dressed and her hair was even passable. Ashley knelt to slip on the mostly damp shoes and push an arm into her jacket sleeve. "Hey, I see my mom's car in the driveway," Ashley smiled at that. "Um, well," her blue eyes were confused and she didn't seem to want to look at him, "thanks Mr. Gregory," she said with a ridiculous little wave
Then she was gone. Like Marianne came and went, unexpectedly and without rhyme or reason, leaving just a trace of something indescribable behind that he always suspected was just his imagination.
John waited by the window for a minute with the faint hope in his heart that maybe that mean bitch of a mother wasn't really there and Ashley would have to come back. Maybe he'd be able to speak then, maybe he'd get another chance.
After five minutes had passed, he knew that she was home and not coming back, maybe not ever. He shuffled back to the bedroom to look at the chaos that was his bed. It smelled of a young, wet girl in here and the sheets were soaked through with their lovemaking and he decided that if she were never coming back then the least he could do was lie in their dirty sex sheets for as long as possible.
***
April had been unseasonably warm. John was thankful for global warming or whatever it was that had made it possible for him to sleep with the window cracked. He could even bend over without a symphony of cracking joints. The tulips and daffodils that Marianne had planted years ago had burst from the ground and heralded in the certainty that things were changing. Even though, in Chicago, he wouldn't put his snow shovel away until May, but at least they were on the right track.
At lunchtime, it had started to sprinkle. It was a nice, warm spring rain that carried with it the promise of something new and green. John couldn't help it, he looked over at the house next door and his eyes couldn't help but scan for a black-haired girl.
The sheets had long ago lost the wetness of her body. The bathrobe no longer smelled of her neck and breasts and cushiony bottom. John was sure that this was how it was supposed to be but that hadn't made it any less disappointing.
He'd asked himself what would Marianne think of him, making love with a girl that age? He'd come to the conclusion that she would want him to be happy because, after all, she was his better half. Although, truthfully she would have wanted him to be happy with a woman from church, probably someone they knew but not one of her friends. Marianne wouldn't love the idea that his only love interest so far was a freshman in college. She would have looked at him with serious eyes and her hands on her hips, as if ready to scold him. Then she would have twisted her mouth up, which always meant she was thinking. "You be good to that young girl," she would have said, warning him with her eyebrows.
He would be good to her, he'd promised himself, if she ever came back. Now it wasn't just Marianne that made the occasional appearance. John was more often haunted by the dreams of Ashley's moonlit flesh. There were dreams where he felt the weight of her hair and heard the whisper of her girlish voice on his neck. He would wake up and wonder where she was and spend the rest of the night contemplating all the places he needed to touch her still.
His cock had contemplated it as well and had decided to go into hiding the whole winter, pouting as if it were spoiled now.
Shortly after two o'clock, he decided he could take a nap in the recliner with the television on softly in the background. That seemed to be a pleasant enough way to spend a rainy afternoon.
Just as his eyes had gotten comfortable, the doorbell rang. He grumbled to himself and turned his head away and pulled up the blanket. Goddamn Jehovah's Witnesses were relentless, even in this weather.
"Mr. Gregory," she called with a knock on the glass. That could only be a dark-haired girl and he twisted in the recliner immediately and pulled the curtain back to make absolutely certain that his ghosts weren't outside as well. Ashley had a clear umbrella today, so at least she was prepared. She wore a pink sundress that brought the warmth from the change of season into his bones with a rush of blood. His eyes scanned up and down and saw white sandals, bare legs and her inky hair in two long pigtails that reached her waist. John had defrosted completely.
His dick worked.
"I'm coming," he called out to the girl at the door and tucked the recliner in with his feet. He couldn't keep the smile off his face as he opened the door and saw her big blue eyes sparkle. "Did you get locked out again?" he asked with a chuckle as he held the door open for her.
"No," Ashley told him with a giggle that made her breasts bounce in the front of the sundress. "I live on campus again," she said as she set the closed umbrella on the rug. That explained why he never saw her next door. "I'm just home for Spring Break and," she wove her little fingers together and went up on one tiptoe, "well, I thought of you. You know it is a rainy afternoon."
God the things he was going to do to her, John thought, as he pictured his fingers on the delicate pink straps of that ridiculous, short dress. "Yes, it's a rainy afternoon," he repeated. He wondered if she could see his hard-on beckon to her from his khakis.
"Do you think about me sometimes, Mr. Gregory?" Ashley asked in a whisper. Her pink cheeks said that she thought about him with her panties down while her fingers explored every crease and crevice.
He took two steps and closed the gap between them. He smelled her deeply, he inhaled the flowery scent and the bubblegum and yes, maybe even her delicious wetness. John wondered if her bare lips hadn't already bloomed just a bit in the front of her damp panties. He bet that today, her panties were pink, to match. He bet he'd find out in a minute. He took her hand, small and delicate and glittery blue fingernails, which made him smile on the inside. He would lead her to the bedroom so she didn't have to wonder what her old man neighbor thought about.
Out loud, all he said was, "I definitely think of you sometimes, Ashley."