So for all you fans of our stories, you know that most of them are from Haley's perspective but Haley's currently studying for her exams and I thought I'd write about the last adventure we had. In May I had the house to myself for a month so we decided to host a couple or two at my place. To that end, we met two couples for drinks in the city just to have a fund night out and see if we clicked. That's how we met Ron & Erica.
As is usual for when we go out, half the fun is what Haley wears. As you would know, she loves showing her off and I encourage her to do so at every opportunity. I buy her a lot of clothes online and I had recently bought a few bodysuits. Now by bodysuits, I don't mean the lingerie type, but more the one piece that's worn with jeans, shorts or a skirt. This particular bodysuit was quite low cut and very thin. As is usual for Haley, she did not wear a bra and given she has very prominent hard nipples, they were poking out a lot. Since it was quite cold, she had on a nice tight black pair of jeans.
We went out for dinner and then came back to my office for a drink before heading to meet the other couple. It was about quarter past 6 and already starting to get dark. We were alone in my office when Haley started on her first glass of wine. Now Haley is a light weight and gets very amorous when tipsy. It wasn't long before we were kissing very passionately.
My office is located on the 6th floor of an 11 floor building. I work in the city so there are a lot of other multi-storey buildings all around my building. My office also has a large window and directly faces another building with large windows. We could see directly into the other buildings around us so we knew that they could see into my office as well.
We sat facing the window, Haley straddling me, kissing passionately as my hands caressed her back. The bodysuit was low cut at the top and back so she had quite a bit of skin showing. I gently caressed her nipples through her top eliciting a soft moan from her lips. She kissed me harder prompting me to tease her nipples more.
I kissed her neck, slowly moving to her shoulders and moving the thin straps of the bodysuit down past her shoulders. I moved the other strap down so that her top was sitting quite low, barely covering anything, only held in place by her hard nipples. Not able to resist, I slowly, teasingly revealed her beautiful, perky boobs and immediately took her right nipple in my mouth and started licking, sucking and biting her. Haley has the most amazing pair of boobs, incredibly perky with hard nipples that are always rock hard. She's quite petite so her B cup breasts look much larger on her frame. She's often mistake for a D cup. She also has the benefit of having perfecting round boobs that sit up high with a gap between each boob. There's no sag, just a pair of perfectly proportioned tits.
I alternated sucking both nipples until she yanked my head up by the hair and kissed me hard, rubbing my rock hard cock through my jeans.
She pulled my shirt over my head and rubbed her nipples against my chest as she kissed me. Enjoying the fact anyone could be watching, I turned her around so she was now facing the window. She continued drinking her glass of wine as I kissed her neck from behind, massaged her boobs and teased her nipples. As I teased her, she lent back with her eyes closed, grabbed my hands and squeezed her boobs hard. She likes it when I'm rough and I could tell she wanted to be groped, not lovingly teased.
I stood up, spread her legs and stood in front of her. Now I'm quite toned. I work out every day so have the typical chiselled pecs and defined abs which she loves. I let her hands roam my upper body as I pulled her into my chest. She immediately took one of my nipples in her mouth while at the same time, moaning as she rubbed my crotch.
After letting her enjoy my body for a while, I sat back down on the chair and had her straddle me. For the next 20 minutes, we made out very passionately, my hands all over her sexy boobs, down her jeans squeezing and groping her juicy ass. We even enjoyed taking a few sexy snapchat pictures and videos for a mate of mine that has seen Haley naked before. She posed in the boardroom while I took a video of her slowly teasing the straps of her top down to reveal her boobs, shaking them to the camera to tease my mate even more.
Eventually at about 7pm, we headed off to the bar to meet Ron and Erica. The first bar was too small so we moved to a larger one where we soon got a table. They were in their early 20's, both Caucasian and a very attractive couple. Ron was your typical boyish good looks, slim but you could tell her was muscular and lean. Erina was curvy in all the right places. We later found out she was a D and when we met them at our place, found out she had an absolutely killer body (massive natural D cup breasts, a small waist but a huge juicy ass. Ron also had a massive cock!).
It wasn't long before Haley was drinking and feeling no pain. She and Erica hit it off right away. Erica wasn't dressed as sexy as Haley, but they seemed to have a lot in common. Erica also loved showing off and was an exhibitionist at heart. We discovered they loved the idea of the ladies modelling sexy outfits for the guys given Erica's exhibitionist tendencies.
Haley went to get a drink and Erica commented to me that I was a lucky guy and that Haley had beautiful boobs. Haley's low cut top didn't leave much to the imagination, especially given the fact her nipples had been poking out all night.
When Haley came back from getting her drink, I said "Babe, Erina really wants to see your boobs," hoping she would flash. Now I know Haley, it wasn't so much a dare, it was more of an opportunity to flash. Plus she loves when people ask for her to flash. She loves knowing people want to see her. It makes her feel sexy.
"Oh really now, maybe I should show her," she replied.
Without missing a beat and true to her exhibitionist nature, she reached for her top and pulled it to either side, totally exposing her boobs. This was met with initial shock from Erina, and then we all just cracked up laughing. She looked incredibly sexy, a playful smile on her face, her beautifully tanned boobs and rock hard nipples out for all to see. I looked over to Ron who had a huge grin on his face. I was hard already. All it takes is for Haley to enjoy flashing to get me worked up. Every time she flashes and it's clear she's doing it for her enjoyment as much as mine, I realise how lucky I am to be with such an incredibly sexy woman.
Now mind you, this was a Friday night at a popular bar in the city. It was quite crowded. We were sitting next to a table of about 10 people, there was a window on the other side and another 4 people sitting outside having a drink. When Haley flashed, she was facing us but the big group to one side had an unobstructed view as well as the smaller group to the other side. I know for a fact that a few of the group outside saw her flash.
Haley was horny and it wasn't long before she was kissing me in between laughing and flirting with Erica. I could tell these two would have some fun. Not to be outdone, Erica was able to flash us her beautiful all natural D cup boobs. She had on a high cut top so it was a struggle to get those massive boobs out, but she managed it to everyone's viewing pleasure.
Haley went to get another drink and as she got up, I suggested she flash us again. Without thinking about it, she turned around, pulled her boobs out again, gave us a good look for a few seconds and ten happily bounded off to the bar to get another drink. It was there I noticed two men chatting to Haley whilst at the bar.
She came back soon after with a drink in one hand and a smile on her face.
"Two guys wanted to buy me a drink. I said my fiancé was buying mine. They said ok but I heard the one of them say to the other, "look at her jugs".
"You should have asked them to buy us all a round for a flash of your boobs," I commented.
"Damn, you're right, I didn't think about that. That would have been so much fun!".
As we continued chatting away, Erica was leaning on Ron as he was feeling her boobs over her top. Like Haley, she rarely wore a bra or panties. I did the same. Despite being in a crowded bar, Haley offered no resistance as my hand slowly snaked inside her top to tease her nipple.
"Take my boobs out," she whispered. Damn, I thought, she's crazier than me. While I encourage her to get naked in public, to take a boob out in a crowded bar in the city is just not something you see at all in Sydney. I read about it happening at bars in the US or maybe the UK, but in all honesty, I don't think it happens much, or ever in Sydney (though I could be wrong). Wanting to make sure she had a bit more fun before we called it a night, I pulled her top apart enough so to let her nipples peek out. She continued chatting for another 5 minutes with her nipples in full display. I think we both got a kick out of Ron's eyes constantly darting to her boobs savouring the sight of her hard nipples.
Anyway, we soon called it a night and headed home, but not before the two ladies made out without a care in the world. Ron and I just sat there smiling as our beautiful other halves kissed with quite a few eyes on them. We said our goodbyes and made plans to meet at my place in two weeks' time. We later found out that Ron and Erica were so horny after Haley's flashing that they went back to Ron's office and had sex right on the floor.
Not as crazy as our usual adventures but a very fun night had by all. Haley's flashed at swingers' parties, but this was the first time blatantly flashing at a crowded bar. We've planned to meet Ron and Erica again when its warmer, so the outfits are going to be crazier and I hope, the flashing as well!
As usual, we love the feedback and encouragement. Hopefully we'll have a lot more fun this summer and will have some more stories to write. By the way, for all those that have asked, our stories are not fantasies but 100% true.