Part 1 | A gay guy's introduction to CFNM.
As a guy in my thirties, like many people I occasionally considered the direction my career had taken. In hindsight, some of my choices seemed arbitrary and I wondered where I would be in 10 years time. I'd always been interested in various kinds of natural therapies, and had taken several short massage courses purely for my own pleasure. Now it occurred to me that this direction might offer me an option, should I ever choose to change my career path entirely.
This was how I came to be in a class full of women, at a small private college teaching a 2 year Natural Therapies course. We varied in age from 22 to 55. Oddly, out of 20 of us, only 2 were male. The other guy, a very attractive young athlete was friendly enough to me, but from the outset seemed to distance himself instinctively from me. I always assumed he just didn't want to have to team up with a guy who'd enjoy putting his hands all over his toned body. It always gave me a little smile and several times I was able to give him a start by moving in his direction when it came time to team up for the practical session. Of course he was always too fast for me, and frankly I wasn't too bothered. I was there to learn and not be distracted by someone's physiology, no matter how pleasant the distraction might be.
There was really nothing even approaching sexual tension in class anyway. This little memoir is not really about what went on at school in fact, but more a way of setting the scene for what happened some time after. Our group were serious men and women, and there was a simple ground rule during class based on past experience by the school: no nudity. Not that it was an issue. We came to be a close-knit group, and the feeling of trust needed to feel comfortable allowing each other a subtly increasing degree of intimate contact was something that developed naturally over the first few months.
One interesting phenomenon was that apparently, no matter what age a group of people are, once you put them in a classroom together they will to some extent revert to their school-age personalities. There were a lot of silly jokes, pranking and a tendency for people to sit in the same seats and team up with the same partner or group when the time came to practice our techniques. For this reason, I often found myself with Kate, a 29 year old sales rep from the south of the country. Even though I was never sexually attracted to women, I was always able to appreciate the aesthetics of her slim and well toned body while I worked on her. I'd come out to the group during the introductions on day 1 and I think the fact she knew she was in safe hands made her totally relaxed with me, even when my hands were in places a woman would not normally let a man's hands go. I had thought about this issue myself before I enrolled. From other workshops I'd done, I knew there was part of me that got a kick out of undressing in this type of group setting. These previous classes had been with a school whose main clientele was gay men, so to me, stripping down with others standing around watching, even in an educational setting, always had an erotic charge to it. This school had no non-nudity policy either, and I'd always thought wearing underwear during a massage was pretty ridiculous anyway. Of course I also enjoyed being naked for long periods of time, especially when the guy working on me was clothed. For some reason, that particular contrast had always been very erotic to me. Naked, it was hard to hide my enjoyment too. But luckily for me, gay guys generally don't make a problem of this kind of thing.
I was happy to find that my conviction that I wouldn't feel the same sort of inappropriate excitement in this mainstream setting proved to be true. In fact I can only remember a few occasions when my body reacted by itself during one the sessions. Fortunately we were always covered up and I'm sure that my short-lived erections were never noticed. If they were, no one ever let on in any case.
The first year flew by and I was sorry in the way when the summer break rolled around.
On our final day, Kate rushed up to me as I was half way out the door to leave.
"Before you go, I wanted to ask if you felt like putting in a little extra practise during the break," she said in her usual slightly breathless voice.
"Sure," I replied, "what did you have in mind?"
"Michael is away for a week in August for work. Why don't you come and stay for a few days and we can get some real work done? I also have some new stuff I've been researching online. I'd love to try out on you. If you're up for it that is."
That made me a little curious of course, but I was rushing to get my train and so I simply answered "You know me babe, I'm a whore when it comes to massage. You can do anything with me haha."
As I ran out into the sunlight, I caught a glimpse of her smiling at me as the door shut slowly behind me.
The second weekend in August came fast. I'd been working hard and was really looking forward to a weekend away from my office routine. Most of all, I was in need of a nice long session on the table, something we never had time for in the rushed schedule of class. When I arrived, Kate's place turned out to be a 3 storey house in a neat suburban street. I dumped my bag in her guest room and we settled down with a bottle of wine. After gossiping about pretty much everyone in school, and I'd had a little therapeutic whine about work, she grabbed my forearm and said in a sincere voice "How about we go upstairs, get you in the table and give you a nice long working over?"
This was music to my ears. "Seriously?" I asked, not wanting to be selfish.
"Sure," she smiled, "we have all weekend, and you look like you need it."
I sagged back into my chair and nodded pathetically. "Yes I'm a very overworked boy and I need to be taken care of please Misstress Katherine," I said theatrically, making what I hoped was a chivalric bow.
I was going for a laugh, but instead got a reaction I couldn't quite place. At least not at that moment. Her eyes grew far away and her face hardened, but the effect was so momentary I was sure I was mistaken.
Kate had a spare bedroom set up as a therapy room, with the massage table and a good selection off various oils and fluids used during treatments, as well as some basic physio supplies and the all too familiar school binders. Without a second though I began to undress. I had done it tens of times in class over the last year and of course I'd worn the boxers I'd bought specially to wear to school. Black and more utilitarian than what I usually wore the rest of the week, but perfect for hiding any uncooperative bulges that might appear at inappropriate times.
I lay down face down on the table, my head in the support cushion the way as we usually began a longer session. Kate began to tuck a towel into the waistband of my boxers as we'd been taught. Then I heard her sigh, hesitating.
"Andre, can I ask you something?"
"Anything Mistress Katherine," I replied, still trying for that elusive giggle.
Once again it failed to appear, and she rested her hand in the small of my back and asked
"Tell me honestly; is this the kind of boxers you wear all the time?"
"What do you mean?" I asked, puzzled.
"Well, remember the very first practical lesson we had?"
I held my breath for a second, remembering the only genuinely uncomfortable moment I'd ever experienced at school.
"Um, yes, I suppose so. What about it?"
"Well you remember the tutor picked you as his first victim to demonstrate on right?"
I wasn't likely to forget. I had expected the first day to be a round of introductions, some general household information and familiarisation. The school had other ideas and we started our first practical lesson the first afternoon. I had happened to have taken the table right in front of our anatomy tutor, and he pointed at me and asked if I'd mind being the first guinea pig he demoed on. Unsure what this meant, I'd asked him what he needed me to do. 'Just slip off your shirt and jeans and hop up on the table for me' he replied blandly.
I blinked and hesitated for a moment, but I realised there wasn't really any way I could refuse without looking foolish. So I very reluctantly and self consciously stripped off my shirt, undid my belt, and doing my best to turn my back on 20 strangers sitting there watching, slid my jeans off and dropped them over my chair. It had never occurred to me that this might happen, and so I hadn't worn the most suitable pair of underwear I owned. In fact I was wearing a pair of blue striped Calvin Klein briefs which I'd specifically bought because I knew it would accentuate my bulge, especially when aroused. Luckily the tutor took the speed at which I threw myself down on the table for enthusiasm for my task. The real reason was that despite the room being filled with women, the moment I started undoing my belt I could feel the all too familiar stirring in my briefs. It was after that I vowed to wear something that would keep things sufficiently camouflaged if I ever ended up in a similarly embarrassing situation again.
"André, you remember that right?" Kate repeated.
"Oh sure, ah sorry. Oh yes, I remember that," I said quietly.
This was the moment she finally chose to laugh.
"What's so funny?"
"Oh I was just remembering how embarrassed you looked, and how sorry I felt for you having to strip off in front of everyone like that. On the other hand you looked like part of you enjoyed it," she laughed, harder now.
I felt my face starting to glow.
"I heard one of the other girls mention it at the break too. It was no big deal, I think most of us actually thought this was going to be a nice little extra during class. Seeing you and Colin stripped down now and then. Although I've never seen anything interesting appear in the front of his boxers like you, I don't think he's that b-"
I'd grabbed a towel to wipe the sweat off my face. It seemed like the temperature in the room had suddenly shot up.
"Hey, André. I'm sorry. I hope I didn't embarrass you."
I lay there, mind racing. Apparently I hadn't been as subtle as I thought.
"It's fine, really. None of the girls I've ever talked to about it seemed to mind. In fact I always found it a compliment, you being gay and all."
Finally I found the ability to speak again, although I kept my face firmly in the head support so I wouldn't have to look at her.
"Kate, I had no idea, really. I went out and bought the darkest thickest boxers I could because it seemed so in appropriate to get... you know..."
"What? Turned on by stripping in front of a bunch of strange women?"
"Hmm. Well, I wouldn't put it that way."
"Well how would you put it then? It's no big deal. Michael is the same. All I have to do is sit on the sofa, tell him stand in front of me and drop his pants and it's big top time. Men and their penises, I don't know. Some of you just can't seem to help yourselves; you just have to show the world."
I couldn't believe my ears.
"I know you're different André, I'm just teasing you know."
I finally lifted my head to look at her. The heat from the support pressing into my face was unbearable.
"Damn, you're red like a heart patient on steroids. Here, flip over and relax," she said, laughing again. She put a cushion under my head and began to gently massage my shoulders. It felt amazing and I was finally able to slow my breathing a little.
"Now, why did that upset you so much just now?" Her hands were on my chest now, kneading my pectorals gently. "It's just me babe, you can be honest with me," she finished.
"I don't know where to start..."
"Well let me help you then. I think you just get a buzz out of taking your clothes off in front of people. Don't make such a big thing of it. I told you, Michael is the same. Well kind of, he's into something a bit more specific."
"Specific...?"
"Hah. Well yeah, I would say it's very specific."
Her hands were now making slow circles on my chest, and the accidental brushing over my nipples was beginning to do arouse me.
"He has a thing about stripping naked in front of women. But they have to have their clothes on. You know straight guys even have a name for it, it's called-"
"CFNM," I blurted out.
Her hands stopped moving for a moment and she exhaled her surprise.
"How on earth did you know I was going to say that?"
She continued her slow circles, and I could now feel my cock beginning to seriously react to both the turn of conversation and her continual teasing contact with my very sensitive nipples.
"It's just something I find very sexy" I said quietly.
"Because you like seeing guys get naked?"
"Well I'd be lying if I said that wasn't part of it..." I trailed off, trying to put my thoughts straight in my head.
"Go on. I'm intrigued now! What about the women? I don't get that in your case."
Her hands were now moving along my sides, across my stomach, but always returning to my chest. Her fingers made small slow circles around my nipples and now there was no mistaking the fact she was deliberately teasing me. I gasped as she used her fingertips to just graze over them.
"You like that babe?" she asked giggling a little. "No need to answer that."
I lifted my head to look down for a second, and groaned. Even the thick underwear was not able to disguise my now obvious erection.
"Sorry," I said.
"I told you, it's no big deal. Now you were saying."
"It's hard to understand I know. It's not like I think about sex with women or anything, it's just the idea is somehow such a huge turn on for me."
"What do you mean? What idea? Are you telling me you imagine yourself in those silly scenarios? A bunch of strange women making you take your clothes off and amuse themselves with you naked body?"
Her hands had stopped moving up and down my torso and were now concentrating solely on my nipples, circling, grazing. It was driving me crazy, but it was her words that were really making my head hammer.
"Yes. Yes, I do imagine that actually."
It was incredible to actually admit that out loud to my friend.
"Wow," she said quietly, "you are full of surprises aren't you? Is that why you're so excited now?" she asked me teasingly, and suddenly pinching my nipples between her thumbs and forefingers. "Michael's don't work like that, worse luck. But I had an idea yours might."
"How come?" I gasped.
"It's obvious. You don't get one of your nipples pierced unless you like it. Now, to return to my original question before we got into all of this fraught sexual fantasy. Those enormous boxers; I was going to ask you if you'd be comfortable taking them off so I can work without them being in the way all the time." She was giggling again now. "I guess I now know the answer to that, although I don't think comfortable is exactly the word I'd use now!"
"I'm sorry, I just can't seem to help-"
"Sshhhh! I'm only teasing you. I wouldn't be so mean except I'm beginning to think you might like that too now. I don't mind, really. You're my friend and I want you to feel you can tell me your dirty little secrets. Lord knows I have enough of my own. And I can tell you are holding things back from me, but I understand that. So Lets talk about what you want first. It will be a lot easier for me this weekend if I don't have to mess about with covering you up with towels, and working around bits of clothing that only get in the way. So what you need to just admit to me now is that you really don't want to be wearing those silly boxers anymore either, do you?"
I shook my head silently.
"Finally," she sighed. I lay there feeling even hotter than before.
"Well what are you waiting for then? Take them off."
"Are you sure? You're my friend, I'm turned on now. I don't want this to make things weird for us."
"Oh Andre. Here, lift your ass," she said impatiently, Using the back of her hand to smack my stomach. I meekly did as I was told and without ceremony she pulled my boxers down my legs and threw them on the floor.
"Feel better now?" she asked, smiling. I opened my mouth but nothing came out. She stood at the foot of the table and fixed my eye for a moment, before letting her gaze travel down my body. I was acutely aware of my nudity and it both thrilled and horrified me. My erection had not subsided in the least; if anything my arousal was even more complete now that Kate was so openly staring at my naked body.
"Well Andre, there you are. Now I've finally seen you naked. It's fine, really. More than fine in fact. You have a nice body, and if you get a kick out of showing it off you might as well show it off to a friend, right?"
I was watching her face as she spoke, her eyes on mine.
"You really mean that?"
"Yes," she answered without hesitation, "and if there is anything else you ever want from me, I want you to ask. Forget about what friends should and shouldn't do. Just be straight with me. No pun intended," she said, laughing.
"I think I really need to just talk about.... This. It's been in my head for so long and yet I've never had anyone I can actually share it with. And I have a lot of questions."
"I'm sure you do. Just promise me you'll try not to let your embarrassment get in the way."
"I promise, Mistress Katherine," I said, hoping the name would finally raise a smile from her.
"One condition," she said, her laughter fading. "Don't call me that anymore."
"Why not?"
"It's complicated. I don't want to talk about it now. Let me see how I feel later, and maybe you can ask me again. We'll see how things go, OK?"
"Is it Michael?"
"Later André," she said firmly.
"Deal."
"Good. Now, lie back and let me finish."
In the end it was more or less a normal massage. Apart from being naked that is. True to her word there was none of the usual covering with towels either. Usually I'd have been a little cold after lying still for a while, but tonight there was no chance of that. I just closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of her masterful hands as they worked my body from head to toe. I came off the table at least slightly more relaxed than before, although truthfully I was deeply mentally aroused in a way I'd never been before.
----------
When I came down the next morning it was to find Kate sitting in the kitchen reading the paper. She jumped up and kissed me on the cheek.
"Coffee?"
"Please, and I'm starving too."
"No problem. How about some toast and eggs?"
"Perfect."
She set down a cup of coffee in front of me.
"This is a pay as you go restaurant though," she said, setting a small glass of juice beside the coffee cup.
"Sure," I laughed, "how much?"
"Well let's see, for the breakfast special, the price of a coffee is 1 t-shirt."
"Sorry...?"
"The juice is on the house. Now pay up."
She stood over me and held out her hands waiting patiently.
"Don't give me that look. I told you last night to tell me what you wanted. Are you telling me you don't want this now?"
"I'm not sure what I want Kate," I protested.
"Oh I don't think that's true at all Andre. I think you know exactly, but you've been hiding it for so long you don't know how to say it. So I'm helping you. Isn't that what friends do?"
She stood, smiling at me sweetly until I silently pulled my shirt off and handed it to her.
Once again I felt my face turning red, but fortunately she was busy making my toast.
A few minutes later she slid a plate under my nose.
"Ok ,the price of toast today is... well there are 2 pieces, so let's say those sneakers and the socks. Get 'em off big boy."
"Kate, are you sure you really want to do this again?"
"Absolutely. You want something but you're obviously too afraid to ask for it. So I'm giving you a little push. I'm starting to get that is what you need Andre. Maybe even more than a little one," she said, turning to busy herself in the kitchen again.
I ate and drank but I can't say I tasted anything, and before long she was back again with a plate of eggs.
"Two eggs," I said looking at the plate, "what will that cost me I wonder?"
"Well let's start with a down payment," she said, wiggling her eyebrows suggestively. "Obviously those jeans are coming off."
I slid my chair back and began to fumble with my belt.
"No, no, wait. Lets do it properly," she said jauntily, plopping herself down on her chair.
"Stand up and come over here."
I did as I was told, heart pounding.
"Closer André, I'm not going to rape you. Yet." She grabbed my waist and pulled me over until I was standing a foot from her face.
"Kidding! Now let's get this show started." With her delicate fingers she began tugging on my belt until she had it loose.
I could have sworn I actually heard her humming under her breath as she paused for a moment, considering. Then her hands moved to my waist, and with a flick of her hand she popped the button on my jeans, working her way down until they were hanging open. I felt my cock rapidly begin to stiffen as she worked, but she stopped there saying "Ok, that's enough help from me. Take them off André."
Obediently, I slid the jeans off and noticed she couldn't suppress a smile when she saw what I was wearing underneath.
"Oh my God, wait. They're those undies, aren't they?"
I nodded. "Good grief, no wonder you were embarrassed in class, I'd almost forgotten why."
The blue striped briefs did indeed leave little to the imagination. In fact I knew from looking at myself in the mirror countless times exactly what it looked like with my dick as hard as it was now.
"Nice," she said, nodding in the direction of my underwear. "Unlike you, your friend here seems to know exactly what he wants though, doesn't he? But there's still the final payment," she said, snapping the waist band of the underwear playfully.
"Turn around."
I turned slowly until I was facing away from her.
"You have a nice bum you know. Now, take those off."
I took a deep breath, pulled the briefs down and let them drop to the floor.
"Good. Now sit down and we'll discuss what's going to happen the rest of the weekend. Last night, I promised you we'd talk some more. Well, we can discuss your fantasies and I'll answer all your questions as well as I can, but there are a few conditions."
"Ok. Go on."
"One; that you trust me not to do anything that will put you in any real danger."
"I do. What else?"
"Two; that you be totally honest with me. If I ask you a question, don't think about what you think I want to hear, or what might shock me. I will be the same with you."
"I think I can do that. Is there anything else?"
She took a breath. "You show me you meant it when you say you trust me."
"How do I do that?" I asked.
"By doing exactly what I ask, when I ask you, no questions, no hesitation. Think you can do that?"
I nodded, slowly.
"Be sure Andre. That's the fourth condition; once you say yes, there's no going back and I will expect you to keep every one of the promises you've just made me. I mean it."
I looked into her eyes, surprised at how serious her face had become.
"I'm sure I'm going to regret it, but ok. Yes."
"Good boy," she said, as perkily as if she was praising a 12 year old for cleaning his own room.
"Now drop your undies in here," she said, producing a bag from a closet off the kitchen.
"Wait a second, that's my overnight bag. Why are all my things in there? Am I leaving?" I asked, surprised. Obviously sh'd taken it while I was in the shower before breakfast.
"Now what did we just agree on? No questions, no hesitation. Put your other things in here too." I gathered up my jeans, shirt and shoes, and dropped everything into the bag as she told me.
"Great. Did you have anything else with you apart from this one bag?"
"Ah, no, that's every stitch of clothing I have with me."
She nodded, stood up, and walking back to the closet dropped the bag inside. With a click she locked the door and slid the key into her pocket.
"Are you serious?" I asked incredulously.
"Trust me André, if you can run and put on your clothes again anytime you feel like it, it will always be just a game. So for the rest of the weekend, I will decide when you wear clothes, and when you're naked. Which is anytime we are here in the house by the way."
"Well as long as you don't expect me to parade down the street or anything..."
"Don't be an ass," she snorted impatiently. "But I remind you what you just agreed to. I intend to keep my side of the bargain, and I expect you to do the same."
"I'll try, of course. I guess..." I trailed off somewhat lamely.
"See that's exactly the reason I have this," she said, producing the closet key from her pocket. "A little extra leverage for when you give me answers like that. Now finish your breakfast."
We spent the morning relaxing, although I felt very self-conscious walking around the house naked. That feeling only grew stronger when I started to notice how many pictures of her husband there were scattered around. Michael & Kate at their wedding. Michael as volunteer fireman. Michael, smiling at the camera on a white sandy beach in a pair of clingy boxer-style swim trunks. That one warranted a closer look. He was a very attractive guy, with dark hair and a muscular, smooth athletic body. Looking at the front of his trunks I had to wonder if there was some trick of the tropical sun going on, because the shadows made it look as if he was standing there smiling on a beach with an enormous erection, and making no attempt to hide it.
Why on earth would you put a photo like this in a frame in your living room?
"Great photo, right?" I almost dropped the frame as Kate appeared behind me.
"It's a real talking point at dinner parties I'm sure," I said. She giggled at that.
"You could say that. Michael wasn't so happy about it at first either, but he's used to it now."
"Sorry, not happy about what?"
"Well, having that photo here in a frame for everyone to see of course."
"Hmm," I said, taking another look. "I get that, but he has nothing to be ashamed of. He's hot Kate. Wow. Impressive looking bulge there too."
She stood there smiling at me, one eyebrow raised.
"Oh, sorry, that was a little inappropriate."
"It's fine, in fact I will tell him you said so," she said laughing.
"I'm sure he doesn't want to hear that from a guy."
She looked thoughtful. "Well that's what he would say I you asked him. But I know better. He's so vain about his body, that secretly I think he gets off on the compliments no matter who gives them. Anyway, enough about him for now. I've been thinking some more about this weekend. I know we were planning to do some mutual practising, but I think considering all this," and she waved her arm in a circle encompassing me from head to toe. "Well basically, I'm not getting on the table this weekend. There's no point keeping you like this if I strip off too. And having you naked means I can just put you on the table anytime I feel like it. Perfect for me."
"But Kate, I was really looking forward to working on my technique since we never get much chance in class. I really need to do some more - "
"Stop," she said sharply. "You seem to be under the impression this is a discussion. It's not. Ok, I can see we need to get a few things clear before we go on. Let's move over to the sofa."
I dropped myself down beside her.
"What are you doing?" she asked crossly. "You can't sit bare assed on my furniture, stand up!"
"Sorry, I wasn't thinking," I mumbled, jumping up.
"No, you weren't. Stand there," she said, pointing to a spot in front of where she was sitting.
"Better. Now, let's just recap on what we discussed at breakfast. See it as a test in fact.
And for tests we have a special position. Well actually I just made that up, but since I can do that now, here it is. Kneel down André." My heart was starting to race again, but I did as she said, my face now very close to hers.
"Good, now put your hands behind your head as if you've just been arrested. Hmm, I like that idea actually." I complied, feeling both foolish and excited at the same time.
"Now, are you ready for your test?"
I nodded.
"No, not like that. When I ask you a question, you answer me so I can hear you, and you say 'yes Kate' or 'no Kate'. In fact, make it 'Katherine'."
"Yes Katherine," I said shyly.
"Good boy. Now I want you to tell me the 4 things you agreed to earlier."
"Umm...well number one was ahh..." I trailed off, trying to remember exactly what she'd said.
She shook her head, clicking her tongue theatrically.
"Oh dear. Do you always agree to things you can't remember an hour later? You must be very easy to manipulate if that's the case. Not that I'm entirely surprised now I'm getting to know more about what really goes on in that head of yours. Try again."
"Trust," I said finally.
"That's one. What is number two?"
"I'm sorry, I'm having troubles thinking straight," I said quietly.
"Poor little André. Here, let me try to jog your memory," she said with a wicked smile, and without taking her eyes off mine, began to brush her fingertips across the tips of my nipples.
I shuddered, my eyes closing.
"Look at me André," she commanded. "Concentrate. What was rule number 2?"
I looked into her eyes, almost as if I was seeing her for the first time. It was so hard to think, and harder still now she was teasing my nipples in exactly the way that drove me absolutely crazy. Finally I was able to engage my brain long enough to speak.
"Honesty, Katherine."
"Full disclosure, nothing held back. Excellent. Now we come to the most important two. What is the first?"
"To do what you ask me to do Katherine."
"Hmm, close but not quite right." With no warning, the gentle fingertips became 2 pincers, pinching down hard and making me draw breath.
"What I said was, you will do exactly what I tell you to, no questions, no hesitation."
I thought back hard. 'Tell'? Surely she had said 'ask'?. There was a big difference between the two, although I realised it was fairly academic considering I was kneeling naked at her feet while she talked to me like a schoolboy.
"Try again André. And get it right this time."
My face was flushed, and I felt an enormous heat in my belly as I heard myself say
"To do whatever you tell me to Katherine, no questions, no hesitation."
" So basically, you just want to obey me, is that it?" She had stopped the gentle stroking and was now tweaking my nipples softly between her thumb and forefinger. The heat rose up and filled my chest, my throat, my head. Is that what I wanted? To obey her? My friend? A thrill ran down my body as I realised that was exactly what I wanted. Her face was now inches from mine, her eyes both hard and soft in a way I found hard to understand. The only thing to do was to answer her.
"Yes Katherine."
"Yes Katherine what?"
"Yes Katherine, I want to obey you," I said, my voice hoarse and strange.
"I knew it. In fact I think I knew it the day I met you. Well I didn't think it would be me you would be taking orders from, but somehow I just knew you that deep down you were some kind of submissive. Now, what was rule number four?"
"There is no going back Katherine," I answered softly.
"There never is André," she said quietly, letting her hands run over my chest, across my stomach before reaching around to stroke the small of my back. She nodded towards my now fully erect cock.
"You get excited so easily. How often do you wank yourself off anyway?"
I groaned.
"I ...umm, well, it depends really...."
She grabbed my chin in her hand and looked deep into my eyes.
"Remember rule number 2, full disclosure?" I blinked, swallowed and nodded.
"The we will try again. André, how often do you masturbate?"
"Every day Katherine."
"And is this a little twizz with the winkie, or do you go all the way until you cum?"
"I need to cum every day Katherine." Damn, did I really just say that out loud?
"Need?" she asked and I felt her fingertips circling my stomach, just above the base of my still quivering penis.
"Yes Katherine. I need to do that if I don't want to be distracted all day."
"I see. And have you done that today?"
"No Katherine."
"Why not?"
"Damn. Sorry. Well, for one I ah... wanked off last night when I went to bed."
"I know, I heard you."
I looked at her, mortified.
"Oh yes, it was my way of checking we were still on the same page after yesterday. I stood outside your door after you went to bed. That bed you're in used to be Michael's and mine. I know that squeak when I hear it." She looked almost wistful for a moment.
"Now, tell me what you were thinking about while you masturbated."
"Oh, you know, just yesterday and all. Umm, Katherine."
"Not good enough. I was hoping not to have to do this, but I can see it's unavoidable. Come here and kneel beside me."
I shuffled over on my knees until I was kneeling at right angles to her legs. She grabbed me by my hands, which were still folded behind my head, and pushed me down until my chest was resting across her lap. With the flat of her hand, she gave me 3 resounding whacks on my backside. The sting was surprising and almost took my breath away.
"Now,' she said, "go back to your place and answer the question. And don't make me do that again, it hurts my hand."
Somewhat stunned at the turn things had taken in a morning, I slid back to kneel in front of her again, swallowed and tried to tell the truth as best I could.
"I fantasised that you came into the bedroom and caught me masturbating, eh Katherine."
She sniggered. "What a surprise. You might be gay but you're still a man, and my God, you really are all the same, aren't you? So what exactly did I do in this nasty little fantasy of yours?" My heart was pounding now, admitting this to her.
"Well, you came into the bedroom, snapped the light on and told me to get out of bed."
"Predictable. Go on, how was I talking to you then?"
"Like I was a schoolboy Katherine, " I said quietly.
"And how did that feel?"
"It was very humiliating..."
"Oh André, you are a hoot and half aren't you? You and Michael are more alike that I could ever have dreamed." I pricked my ears up at that. Big strapping Michael liked being talked to like a schoolboy? In the midst of my own confused I arousal, I still found space to find that idea very erotic.
"So basically I was talking to you like I am now, then?"
"Yes Katherine." She looked bemused, fixing my eyes with hers before letting them trail down my body.
"I see I'm going to have to go and get a towel to protect my carpet in a minute," she snorted. "Then what did I do?"
I took a deep breath.
"You sat down on the bed and told me to stand in front of you."
"I see. Well you'd better stand up then, hadn't you?" I did as she told me, my erection almost grazing her cheek as I stood.
"Careful there big boy, stand back a bit. You almost poked me in the eye there."
"Sorry, Katherine."
"So I was sitting in front of you, and...?"
"You told me that secret masturbation was not allowed in your house, and that if I wanted to wank off I had to ask permission, and do it under your supervision. Katherine."
"And how did you ask me that exactly?"
"I said, 'Please Miss Katherine, I'm so horny after your wonderful massage. May I please play with my cock?'"
"How sweet. My wonderful massage eh. Ok, permission granted." I looked at her for a moment, not understanding. "Go on then, play with yourself," she added impatiently.
"I lowered my hand to my cock. I don't think I'd ever been this turned on for such a long period of time without touching myself. It was bliss to skin my foreskin back and forward slowly, relishing in the physical arousal which perfectly supplemented the storm of sexual excitement raging in my brain.
"Interesting technique. Play with your nipples too André, I know how you like that."
I did as she told me, pinching and stroking them gently and then harder, the way I liked it.
"I'll make a note of how you do that for next time too," she said, bemused. My breathing was getting shallower, and I'd underestimated just how hugely horny I'd become.
"Don't you cum on my carpet now!" Katherine said sharply. "Lie down on the floor if you can't control yourself." I threw myself down, just in time to catch 3 long hard sprays of cum on my stomach.
I lay there panting, feeling as if I'd just run for my life. I opened my eyes to see Kate sitting on the sofa, smirking at me. I was speechless, and for a moment overwhelmed by the idea that I'd just lain naked on the floor in front of my friend and shamelessly masturbated until I came.
I sat up slowly, barely able to look at her with shame.
"What's this André, you're not one of those guys who go all bashful and sanctimonious after they cum are you?"
"No, Katherine, that is to say..umm, would you mind if I take another shower?"
"Help yourself, you know where it is."
"Thank you, but could I please just get a pair of shorts or something to wear afterwards? I feel like a bit of a fool now."
"Shorts. I see. Let me think about that for a moment. Ummm...no," she said, smiling sweetly. "The weekend is a long way from over yet. Now off you toddle."
I picked myself up and shamefacedly walked up the stairs to the bathroom.
I stood there letting the water wash the sweat and semen from my body and trying to regain some of my inner calm. It wasn't a big success, and so I almost knocked a hole in the wall when the shower curtain was suddenly yanked open.
"Startle you did I?" Kate said, obviously enjoying herself very much. "The curtain stays open at all times, the bathroom door too. House rule, I forgot to mention it before. See you downstairs," she said jauntily before disappearing out the door. I dried off, and not having to dress, was soon heading back downstairs. At that point all kinds of things were running through my mind; forcing the lock on the closet, begging Kate to let me out of what surely was no more than a bad joke gone too far. I'd only just reached the bottom of the stairs when I heard the front door open behind me. With nowhere to hide I ran through the nearest open doorway, right into Kate's arms. She shook her head, and pushed me back out into the hallway, where a tall dark haired man was setting down an overnight bag. He turned, looked at Kate, then to me and finally back to his wife again.
"Kate, why is André naked?" he asked, more calmly than a man in his position should it seemed to me. If anything he was better looking than his pictures, and the muscular body I could see under his clothes made me all the more self conscious of my nudity.
"Because you weren't around darling. And a girl has to do something to pass the time. I expected you an hour ago, where were you?"
"Yeah, sorry. I should have called you I know," he said sheepishly.
"Well I've told you about that before. We will talk about it later. Now, where are your manners?"
"Oh yes, sorry," he said, stepping up and offering his coal shovel sized hand. "Hello André, I'm Michael."