My husband had been dropping hints for several months that he'd like a set of professionally taken boudoir photographs of me for his 40th birthday this summer. He'd show me websites of photographers in the area and offer to pay. Most just seemed sleazy.
I wasn't against the idea per se, we've fooled around plenty in the bedroom (and outdoors too) with a digital camera, my husband probably has upwards of 200 photos of me in varying states of undress. It just seemed a big leap to take, being photographed by a stranger and I wanted something different to a sleazy centrefold legs akimbo type shoot.
But the idea turned me on.
Eventually I acquiesced and agreed that I'd do it. I told him I would research and choose the photographer & studio.
In truth, I'd already seen the studio I was going to choose and it was part of the reason I'd agreed to do it. I work in a major regional city in the UK, just outside the city centre. It's a great area, edgy, post industrial, lots of start up creative businesses living cheek by jowl with auto repair shops, scrapyards and derelict factories.
The studio that interested me was the other side of the road and a bit further out of town to where I work, in a big Victorian former factory that has been turned into startup businesses, studios, retail units, lofts, workshops, you know the sort of thing, with a smattering of ever changing cocktail bars, craft beer tap rooms, restaurants & galleries. I walk past it most days on my lunch break.
The business that interested me was one that promoted itself as a "vintage studio" offering all things 1950's Americana, precisely the look I wanted to go for, think Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's meets Betty Page...but what disconcerted me was that although it offered 1950's makeovers, pin up shoots and burlesque shoots for women, it also housed a male barbers that seemed to be aimed at the current scourge of male beardy hipsters.
I contacted Tiffany, the owner & arranged to meet at her studio then have lunch to discuss my ideas & concerns. Seeing the studio, my main concern was that the whole studio was very open plan, with the male barbershop at one end of the studio and the ladies salon at the other end, with a 1950's diner and kitchen set and a vintage car in between. I explained that it was likely I would want some topless shots and potentially some bottomless ones too. I hadn't seen anything on the website like this & could now see why.
Tiffany was several years older than me, early/mid forties. A tiny, buxom platinum bottle blonde bombshell, just over 5' tall and living her dream, owning her own business that allowed her to wear 1950's vintage wiggle dresses, lots of tattoos and piercings, obviously a lot of foundation underwear and I guessed stockings, with vintage heeled pumps all the time! She reassured me that she did a lot of this type of work but for obvious reasons the sets were not put on her regular website and that she could arrange an evening shoot after everyone had left. We discussed options and prices and we agreed on a bespoke package that included a vintage makeover and allowed me one costume change, and a choice of four photos from the sets which would then by edited and made available to me digitally.
I confided to Tiffany that I was wanting a vintage 1950's classic pinup shoot but was also maybe interested in a Betty Page submissive / fetish angle to the shoot.
We agreed to do the shoot the following Thursday evening at 6.00pm, Tiffany explained that by then, her partner Eric (her partner in business and relationship) who ran the barbershop side would be finishing up whilst she did my hair and makeup and then we'd have the studio to ourselves. It also had the added benefit that my husband was to be away overnight on business that evening so the photos would be a surprise on his birthday. It also gave me the weekend to choose my outfits!
I have a reasonably large collection of replica vintage underwear and seamed stockings, almost exclusively bought for me by my husband Cliff from What Katie Did. They're all his choice but he has always had excellent taste in lingerie and jewellery for me. I have three corsets (two of which are under-bust), a corselette, a Merry Widow, a waspie, several pairs of French knickers, suspender belts, bras, including a replica 1950's bullet bra similar to the one worn on stage by Madonna several years back, and dozens of pairs of seamed stockings, some fully fashioned, silk, fishnet, nylon, black, nutmeg, green, red, blue, sky blue, purple, coffee and opaque. I spent most of the following weekend trying on and posing for Cliff in different lingerie combinations together with different dresses, shoes and boots. Cliff thought he'd died and gone to heaven! I genuinely still think he was that horny he didn't suspect why I was doing it, I cannot count the number of times he fucked me that weekend!
I eventually decided on a purple, floral print button through knee length shirt dress that was fitted at the waist with a matching belt, it looks great with a petticoat underneath, perfect for the look I was after. Also a pair of 3" kitten heeled Fluevog pumps, cinnamon seamed stockings, a black, six strap suspender belt, black silk French knickers, an under-bust waspie corset and a choice of the bullet bra and a cathedral bra. I also chose a matching set of peal earrings, bracelet and necklace and even decided which nipple ring I'd wear! My plan was to have one set of photos taken with the dress on flashing my stockings and looking either cheeky or demure, which I could possibly frame and have on display in our house, then a second naughtier set just in and out of my lingerie, I still hadn't fully decided how naked I wanted to get.
The working week dragged, I was so excited, Thursday couldn't come soon enough! Cliff caught his flight to Germany on the Wednesday evening for his business trip, leaving me free to pack my accoutrements for the shoot. My plan was to wear the dress to work but change into the lingerie in my office after work. I put the extra lingerie in a small overnight bag, together with a butt plug, lube and a pair of smart balls, I'd had a naughty idea that I'd get a thrill out of having my pussy and ass full unknown to Tiffany whilst she was photographing me. In my fantasy, I was going to a fully fledged porn shoot where I'd be gang-banged senseless, instead of a soft core boudoir shoot.
I made it to lunchtime before deciding to change into my lingerie. Off came the boring tights, thong and bra, on went the corset, suspender belt, stockings, French knickers and cathedral bra, the bullet bra was a step too far at work I thought, even then, I had several comments about how narrow my waist was & questions about whether I was wearing stockings or not.
Five o clock couldn't come soon enough but eventually it did. This presented me with a dilemma as I didn't have anything to do for an hour, I'd originally planned to get changed in this time but I'd already done that at lunchtime. I decided I'd go and grab a drink to steady my nerves, I was incredibly excited but also somewhat nervous, the dilemma of whether to bare my breasts to a photographer, let alone potentially my ass and pussy was giving me butterflies in my stomach. Before I headed out in search of stiff drink, I couldn't resist going to the bathroom to douche my ass, all part of the pornshoot fantasy, then inserting my smart balls in my pussy and the butt plug in my ass. I felt sexy and naughty at the same time.
As I left my office and walked through the open plan office, I was buttonholed by an old colleague and friend, Nick, asking if I fancied grabbing a drink or two after work, I replied that I was actually on my way to do exactly that and he was welcome to join me.
We headed to the pub I had in mind that was actually in the same development as the photography studio, it serves real ale, craft beer and cocktails plus it has a killer jukebox and is popular with the alternative / artsy crowd that I like to consider myself a part of...
Nick ordered a pint of some trendy, strong over hopped IPA from a local craft brewery & I went for a Hanky Panky which is gin and red vermouth in equal measures, stirred over ice, I like mine with a dash of orange bitters too, which made the barman raise his eyebrows when I requested it but he nodded in approval when he sampled it. We decided to stay at the bar and I got a thrill as I perched on the barstool as it caused the butt plug and smart balls to readjust themselves.
Nick couldn't hold back for long before he asked why I was wearing stockings to work and how the hell my waist was suddenly so narrow. I spilled the beans about the photo shoot present for Cliff. I enjoyed seeing his jaw drop and him not knowing what to say! Halfway down my cocktail I was beginning to feel very horny. Recovering his composure, Nick bombarded me with questions, most of which I couldn't answer, he said he wished his partner would do the same for him but doubted she would.
A second Hanky Panky was ordered and consumed before it was time for me to cross the lane to the studio. I stood up to go and gave Nick a kiss on the cheek as I left. The cheeky bugger put his hands either side of my cinched in waist then ran them down over my hips, ass and thighs, feeling my corset, suspenders and stocking tops and murmuring "wow" to himself. I was very turned on.
I arrived at the salon / studio five minutes late, which is par for the course for me I'm afraid. Tiffany introduced me to her partner Eric and the two other barbers, Alan and Noel, who were both pretty much what I'd expected them to look like, identikit hipsters, tattoos, bushy beards, severe short back and sides and differing combinations of ear stretchers, tongue and eyebrow piercings, plaid shirts, tall, slim. They seemed nice guys though, as they made their leave, Eric told Tiffany they'd be in the bar I'd just left and for her to either call or join them when we were done.
Once the boys were gone, Tiffany gave me the once over view, enquired about which foundation garments I'd gone for, approved my "look" and said she had some ideas on hair and makeup and got straight down to work. Apparently my package came with a complimentary bottle of Prosecco which I knew I wouldn't get through on my own. I invited Tiffany to share it with me and immediately two glasses appeared. I was getting rather tipsy!
Hair was wetted, setting lotion and curlers applied and under the vintage 1950's hairdryer I went. Very glam'...
Once dry and curlers removed, my hair was bouffant in a late fifties sort of way. Pale foundation and very red lipstick of a colour not currently fashionable was applied together with mascara, looking at myself in the mirror, I felt like a fox.
We started the photo shoot in the kitchen area of the studio with me trying to look like a demure 1950's housewife, all cinched in at the waist, happy smiley face, I didn't feel very convincing despite Tiffany telling me I was a natural and asking if I'd modelled before, I bet she said that to all the girls!
We moved on to the beauty salon area where Tiffany suggested I flash a little leg and stocking top, I was starting to feel more relaxed and sexier but still a bit awkward.
It was time for my change of outfit, off came the dress and with it the corset, I wasn't comfortable being photographed in it. I'm pretty slim for mid thirties but you cant escape a bit of a spare tyre above and below the corset unless you're super skinny! I wanted a more natural, smooth and sexy line, brassiere, French knickers, suspender belt, full length black gloves, stockings and heels were what I wanted.
On removing my corset, there were the most horrendous pink welts on my waist caused by the corset wiring. I was a bit upset but Tiffany reassured me that with a bit of makeup and photo editing they wouldn't be visible. Another glass of Prosecco disappeared whilst makeup was brushed on.
Tiffany got me to pose on a sheepskin rug in the salon area, kneeling, on all fours and on my back with my legs in the air. I was enjoying this and started to feel sexy again.
Next up, Tiffany directed me to sit back on the stool in front of the vintage makeup desk, complete with lightbulbs around the mirror. I was starting to relax, aided by the cocktails and Prosecco, many of the best shots were taken here, with my back in the foreground and my chest reflected in the mirror.
Tiffany told me to remove my brassiere, I thought I detected a more assertive note in her voice but was unsure if I wanted to.
Take off your bra Emily, I insist" Tiffany instructed. I meekly complied.
Again. I had marks on my chest from the underwire on my brassiere, Tiffany again went to work with her makeup brush, commenting and complimenting me on my nipple ring whilst doing so.
Finally, as she was finishing, she tickled each nipple with her makeup brush. I gasped and squirmed, causing my plug and smart balls to move, making me gasp and squirm more. She continued to tickle my left nipple with the makeup brush whilst tugging on my right nipple ring with her free hand. I was in heaven as I heard her tell me we needed to get my nipples erect for the topless shots. My clit and pussy were on fire!
We quickly took several topless shots on the sheepskin rug when Tiffany asked if I wanted to lose my knickers. I don't know why I said no, I wanted to but I declined. I just wasn't comfortable.
I could sense Tiffany's disappointment and I was disappointed in myself, it was still before 8.00pm, I was still up for more but my time was up. I needed to pee.
Tiffany saved the day, or evening by suggesting that I needed to do a similar set, but she had an idea that if I was posing in front of a man, trying to turn him on, doing as she directed, it would be really hot. I kind of agreed with her but told her my time was up. Tiffany replied that if I got dressed again and let her take photos of me trying to turn Eric on by flashing my stockings and trying to get his attention, she'd let me have another two edited photos for free as long as I'd sign a release form on a few of her photos we'd agree on for her website. I needed to pee and agreed without a second thought.
When I went to the bathroom, I took my dress and corset and bullet bra. Emerging ten minutes later and fully dressed, cinched in and with my corset on, bullet bra straining my dress, I was taken aback to see both Eric and Alan in the studio.
Tiffany explained that Eric needed a plot device to keep him busy, i.e. Cutting Alan's hair, whilst I was trying to distract him by flashing my stockings, knickers etc. She said to go with the flow and reveal as little or as much as I was comfortable with before I got Eric's attention. It sounded like a challenge...
Tiffany put some music on, Goldfrapp from memory, told Eric to concentrate on trimming Alan's hair and told me to try and distract him. I started to gyrate my hips...
This was the kind of challenge I liked. I could tell the two guys were trying to ignore me as I lifted my skirt to flash my stockings and knickers, I could see Eric's cock stiffening. I unbuttoned my dress and took it off. Continuing to gyrate to the music I could see Alan's cock tenting his pants. I unsnapped my brassiere and took it off. My breasts were exposed, my nipples were erect. I cupped my breasts, tweaked my nipples. Now I had their attention!
Tiffany told them both to stand up and for me to kneel down between them on the fur rug and look shocked at their erections through their pants. This was easy, it was what I'd imagined, what I'd wanted and hoped for, breasts exposed, in fetish lingerie, caressing two very hard and quite large erections through their pants. Mesmerised, as if in a trance, I found myself unzipping Eric to free his cock. Alan didn't need any help!
So there I was, kneeling on a sheepskin rug, bare breasted with an erect cock in each fist, camera cclicking, salivating. "Lick them Emily, suck them, pump them, cup their balls" I heard Tiffany directing, I eagerly complied.
"I think you've been a naughty girly Emily, I think you need to be spanked" was the next thing I was aware of hearing.
Bizarrely I agreed that I needed a spanking. Eric sat in the barbers chair and I lay across his lap, ass in the air. Swat, swat swat. Click click click went the camera. It felt nice, I was getting turned on but Tiffany wasn't happy.
"Lose her knickers Eric" she demanded. "Spank her hard, I want to photograph her red ass cheeks." I squirmed and protested as Eric unbuttoned the sides of my kickers and peeled them off but I didn't protest too much, I now wanted to be naked on camera. I wanted to be fucked by these two, I wanted to suck them. Off came the knickers. I shrugged them over my heels then waited for the inevitable swat. Then another. My pussy was on fire and very wet when I heard Eric exclaim "well what do we have here Emily?" I'd forgotten about the butt plug...
"Naughty, naughty naughty." Swat, swat, swat. Click, click, click. Close ups of my plugged ass being spanked.
Tiffany told Eric to remove the plug, which he did. "Make her suck it, push it in her mouth" she instructed. I had no choice. It tasted weird but turned me on. I sucked and bit on it like a pacifier. Swat, swat, swat. Click, click, click. Close ups of my face with the plug in my mouth
Swat, swat, swat, my ass was red. The next thing I knew, Alan was stood in front of me, naked, heavily tattooed, a big fat cock in my face. He removed the plug and thrust his cock into my mouth. I gagged...Click...
I was embarrassed, I can take much bigger than him without gagging, I wanted to prove it.
I demanded to be turned over onto my back, instructing Eric to play with my cunt while I swallowed Alan. Oops, I'd forgotten my smart balls! Out they came. "Make her suck them" instructed Tiffany. Eeugh, but I complied. Click click click. Close ups of my face with a set of smart balls protruding from between my lips. I spat them out then swallowed Alan's eight inches with ease. Click, click click...
"Stand her up" instructed Tiffany. "Make her come". Immediately on standing up, I had fingers in my ass, pussy and on my clit, my nipples were being sucked and teased, I was in heaven, wearing heels, stockings, a suspender belt and a corset, a stiff cock in each hand. I needed to come.
Two separate sets of fingers started probing my very wet pussy, fingers diddling and flicking my engorged protruding stiff and very sensitive clit and ooh, a freshly licked finger probing my asshole.
"Do you want to come Emily?" was all I was aware of being asked by Tiffany as she snapped away. Of course I did, what a stupid question.
"Do you want a cock in your pussy Emily?" Stupid fucking question, I'm about to cum.
"Do you want lots of cocks in your cunt Emily?" Yes of course I do, I'm cumming.
Mouths sucking eagerly at my heaving breasts, tongue studs and lip piercings providing extra stimulation for my rock hard, erect nipples.
"Do you want your ass fucked too Emily?" Oh god yes.
"How many cocks do you want Emily?"
The room was filled with the sloppy sounds of fingers thrusting in and out of my very wet pussy and my oohs, aahs, squeaks, gasps and whimpers.
"Lots and lots and lots" I replied.
I came and my legs buckled.
Eric scooped me up and carried me over to one of the vintage barber chairs which he reclined and put my legs one either side of each of the arm rests, pumped it up to it's maximum height and started to licking my exposed pussy. I had never been licked by anyone with a tongue stud. Wowzers!
I pulled my legs wider, grasping my ankles and pulling them high and wide to allow him better access to my cunt and ass, he probed my anus with the tip of his tongue, tickling with the tongue stud. I was so distracted I was only vaguely aware that Tiffany was on the phone, especially as Alan got in on the action, with the barbers chair fully reclined, I could tilt my head back and allow him to feed his cock into my mouth and straight down my throat at exactly the right angle, he was a big long boy. He pinned my feet under his arms, exposing my cunt and ass to Eric even more if that were possible, then playing with my breasts and nipples with his free hands, squeezing and pinching my un-pierced nipple, pulling on my piercing, stretching the nipple obscenely and deliciously.
After only a few minutes, I could feel another orgasm starting to build and break, Eric's studded tongue was amazing, alternating between probing my asshole, plunging deep into my pussy and flicking my clit until he changed technique, sucking on my swollen clit. When aroused, as now, my clit gets very large and very hard, like an erect nipple, Eric sucked on this, the vacuum pulling it deep into his mouth, as he rubbed it hard with his tongue stud as he furiously pumped four fingers rapidly in and out of my sodden cunt and sliding the middle finger of his other hand deep up my ass.
I stopped sucking on Alan and started pumping his cock with both fists. Alan grasped my ankles, pulling them higher and wider, exposing my ass and cunt more than they'd ever been exposed before and granting Eric still deeper access. I released Alan's cock and pinched and pulled on both nipples, stretching them till they hurt. I closed me eyes to let my orgasm wash over me.
I heard myself howling, howling like a She Wolf, I felt, for the first time ever, myself squirt!
As I came round, opening my eyes, still with Alan holding my ankles high and wide above and behind my head, I found myself completely exposed to three new men, all with their erections in hand and Tiffany who stood naked herself apart from heels, seamed stockings and a Merry Widow with her large breasts scooped out of the cups.
One of the new arrivals I didn't recognise, he was very tall, dark haired heavily tattooed and looked like he couldn't make his mind up as to whether he was a greasy biker or a hipster, the other was Noel, the third barber and the last guy was Nick...
I didn't care, I needed cock.
"I thought we needed re-enforcements" Tiffany laughed, "I've had an idea for some more shots, all this is free if you model for me and do as I ask." I growled my agreement and told someone, anyone, to fuck me.
Nick was straight in, slotting his cock in my pussy, telling me how much he'd wanted to do this for years and that he was wanted to try my ass and my mouth too before he decided where to cum, very romantic! He didn't feel very large but the constriction of the corset meant I felt every inch as he slid into me.
"No fucking yet!" Tiffany barked, as she moved Alan out of the way. "First of all, Eric you're going to fuck me right here right now and make me cum, otherwise I'll never concentrate, secondly, I'm going to explain my concept for the rest of the shoot, and lastly, Alan and Noel are going to prep you, aren't you boys?"
As she said this, she bent forward over me to fondle and play with my breasts, in doing so, her full round D cups hung my face, I moved my hands to grab them, grazing my lips with her big, long, erect nipples, taking it in turn to suckle deeply on each one as she did the same to me.
I was unable to see anything but was aware of Nick withdrawing from my pussy and that my ass and cunt were being generously lubed with what I later found out to be a very expensive shaving oil. Girls, I can definitely recommend this. I could also tell from the quivering of her bosom that Tiffany was being vigorously fucked from behind by her boyfriend Eric.
Between grunts, squeaks, groans and sucks on my nipples, Tiff explained her idea, which was to do a shoot based on the same idea as the Stop Making Sense concert movie where I would start off solo then add one instrument (cock) at a time until all five men were playing with me. Ass, cunt and mouth stuffed with cock and one in each hand.
After only a few minutes, Eric announced, to Tiffany's great displeasure that he was cumming. "I need to cum too" she howled. Too late.
To my horror, Tiffany nimbly climbed up onto the chair, straddled my shoulders & as Eric held my head steady, lowered her pussy onto my mouth. "Eat me Emily, make me cum, drink Erics cum". I've only eaten pussy once, after a drunken tryst in my sophomore year at university. It wasn't to my taste and I only finished my girlfriend off through a drunken sense of duty to return the favour after she'd licked me to orgasm.
This was almost as unpleasant, made more bearable by the copious amount of Erics semen gushing from Tiff's pussy. I feasted on Erics cum, smearing it over her labia and clit to disguise her taste, man was she turned on, her lips were swollen, her clit was red and tumescent, as big as the tip of my pinky finger, I sucked and flicked it for all I was worth for a few mercifully short minutes till she wailed she was cumming.
My hair and makeup was a mess.
Tiffany quickly fixed my makeup, primped my hair and then, surprisingly, moving swiftly south, applied rouge to my nipples and pussy lips. Catching a glance of myself in the mirror, I looked deliciously obscene.
"Play with yourself Emily while I photograph you, show these guys how much you want them".
I've never been much of a soloist but being surrounded by 5 men sporting erections of differing sizes ranging from medium to almost monster, all caused by me brought out the inner exhibitionist in me. On the barbers chair still I wiggled and writhed, spreading my ass cheeks, inserting my butt plug, cupping my breasts, asking them which hole they wanted to cum in, pouting...
Tiffany told me to lay on the chair as before with my head tilted back over the end of the chair. It was time for her to introduce the biker /hipster guy. His name, she told me, was Rod, short for Rodney, but his nickname was Piston, she explained she wasn't sure if that was due to the fact he owned & was a mechanic in his own custom motorbike garage nearby or his vigour & stamina during sex!
He was a very big boy. Long, thick, uncut, tattooed. "Try to deep-throat him, I don't think you'll manage him but take him slowly so I can catch you trying" Tiff instructed.
Challenge accepted, Rod guided his tool into my eager mouth, I gripped his hips so I could control his rate of access. Inch by inch he slid down my throat till he was fully swallowed. I held him there for several seconds, his balls resting either side of my nose, to allow Tiffany to shoot from different angles. I wanted him in my pussy.
It was music to my ears when Tiffany told him to pull out and swap ends.
"Just rub your head over her cunt lips, Emily, pull your legs back & grip your ankles like before" I heard Tiff say. "Good, hold it there, now put just your cock-head inside her". Ooh that felt good. Click click click. "Now slowly, slowly push deeper inside her, all the way if she's big enough to take you". I was in heaven as he pushed deeper, although extremely wet, aroused and lubed, it was the first time I'd ever been fucked whilst wearing an extreme corset and with a plug in my ass. It's a strange but rewarding experience. I felt his cock bottom out against my cervix at the same time as I felt his balls nestle against my ass cheeks. I felt full, I squeezed my cunt on his cock which made him groan, I felt his cock throb as if he if it was inflating, as if he was about to cum, I was excited, my cunt gripped his cock even tighter, I relaxed then squeezed again, his eyes bulged, he withdrew half his length as I relaxed then thrust in harder than before and faster, my pussy walls spasmed rapidly and involuntarily squeezed his cock ever tighter, he pulsed and throbbed even more and started to withdraw as I squeezed and started to hyperventilate.
Unaware of the near mishap & Piston not living up to his reputation, Tiffany instructed him to try my ass.
Removing my plug, Rod pushed it into my mouth for me to suck on again as he lined up his head against my asshole, in it slipped, gliding ever deeper and deeper. Tight but comfortable. In and out in and out, building up a rhythm. Fucking my ass, fingering my cunt.
"Now someone fuck her mouth" Tiffany instructed. Eric was there in an instant, I tasted Tiffany's cunt on his cock. "Hold him there Tiffany, just the head between your lips." Click click click. "Now slide it all in Eric, she's good. Click click click. "Now fuck her boys." They built up quite some speed between them, I felt naughty, really naughty, turned on and wanting more, more cocks, more spunk, more orgasms.
"Get onto the rug guys, Rod, on your back, Emily ride him." How could I resist. Piston was laying on the sheepskin, his member upright, stiff and proud. I impaled myself on him and started to grind my clit against his pubic bone. As I did, I felt his cock-head nuzzle against and massage my cervix, without being painful. It was wonderful, his cock fitted my cunt perfectly, like a glove.
"Give me a cock to suck" I growled, Alan's was duly proffered, I inhaled it down to the root, sticking out my tongue and licking his balls too.
"Someone take her ass" instructed Tiffany, I was thankful it was Nick, the smallest of the five who was first to act on the invitation. Even though, the corset made me feel full!
Click click click.
I was being fucked, hard, in my ass, in my cunt and in my mouth, it was wonderful. Without realising, I also had a stiff cock in each hand. Click click click.
I felt my orgasm building then consuming me, I felt my cunt and ass spasm on Rod and Nicks cocks, I let go of the cocks in each hand, pulled off from the one in my mouth and enjoyed the sensation of Nicks cock pumping out large amounts of sperm deep inside my butt as Rod's cock pistoned rhythmically in my vagina.
I told Tiffany I wanted Rod to fuck me senseless on the rug on his own while the others watched, they could all have their fun with me together later.
With Rods cock still buried right to the hilt in my pussy, I raised my knees from the rug, so my entire weight was on his pole, and span round 180 degrees so I was now riding him reverse cowgirl. Tiffany and the other four guys must have got a great view of Rod's rod ramming in and out of my swollen pussy, my clit protruding obscenely from it's hood, my tits bouncing and the look of lust and ecstasy on my face.
I heard myself wailing for someone to lick and suck my clit. The boys were reluctant due to the proximity of Rod's cock and balls, Tiffany was busy with her camera. "Nick, please suck my clit, I'll suck you off at work whenever you want if you do" I pleaded. That did the trick. Not quite up to Eric's standard, it still felt wonderful to have my clit licked and suckled on whilst having the most perfectly sized cock glide all of it's ten inches rhythmically in and out of my quivering quim.
Rod reached up and around and started to flick and tease my incredibly sensitive nipples, causing a high pitched, prolonged but quiet oooooh to escape my lips. Rod then cupped my swollen over stimulated breasts, squeezing them from underneath, making my rouged nipples stick up and out obscenely. Eric and Alan stepped forward and suckled a nipple each deep into their mouths, sucking deeply and with such vacuum my nipples were stretched to almost an inch in length. I groped for their cocks with each hand, getting a thrill of delight when I touched them and realised how hard they were, that it was me causing them to be this hard, that I would soon be getting fucked by these too. I curled my fingers around them and started to caress their lengths then pump them vigorously.
I felt an orgasm that started in both nipples, spread through my breasts, down my belly to my whole vagina. I started to so sob gently, tensed and went limp.
I felt myself being lifted off Rod, flipped over and placed face down on the sheepskin rug. The fur felt very erotic on my sensitive skin. I was then manhandled so my ass was up in the air, on my knees with my face and breasts buried in the rug, ass and cunt exposed. More oil was poured over my asshole and then Rod lined his cockhead against my anus, pushed past my ring and buried his cock in my ass all the way, held it there for a brief moment, gripped my hips with both hands then began pounding my ass harder, faster and deeper than I've ever been ass-fucked before.
He kept this up for well over five minutes as I took everything he gave me, loving the sheer strength and force of his pounding until he withdrew, lined up with my pussy and gave that the same treatment for another five minutes. I was grunting and snorting, swearing obscenely when suddenly he stopped, announced he was going to cum and told me to squeeze his cock with my cunt like I had before. I obliged, flexing my pussy walls, clenching his beautiful male member. As I did so, his cock seemed to throb and expand, I could feel his cock-head pulsing against my cervix. We seemed to settle effortlessly into a very slow rhythm where as I clenched my pussy, he expanded his cock. I felt so full, so stimulated, it was like my pussy was massaging his cock, other than the throbbing, he remained perfectly still inside me.
After several pulses, I reached down and touched my clit, which elicited a long slow breathy moan of "ooooh" from my lips. I'd never felt it so large, protuberant and engorged. As I did this, Rod let out a deep growl and I felt the first jet of sperm spray my cervix from point blank range, followed by a second, third, fourth and fifth, each one seemingly lasting four or five seconds, depositing a huge volume of seed in my hungry womb.
We stayed still for almost a minute as I continued to squeeze his erection, which didn't seem to be softening, I reached further down and caressed his now spent balls, still extremely large.
As soon as Rod withdrew, Nick was in position behind me, sliding his smaller member easily between the slick walls of my still throbbing cunt., quickly building up a fast action.
The next hour or so was the most intense fuck session I've ever experienced. Most of the time I was being shared by three of the men. I'm not sure but I believe every guy came in every hole. Nick certainly did and claims everyone else did too. At the end, Tiffany drank every last drop of sperm from my pussy and lapped me, catlike to a final, gentle orgasm.
The following day at work passed quickly but as I was just considering an early finish, Nick came into my office, closed the door behind him, unzipping his pants as he approached my desk, stood over me and pressed his erect cock to my lips.
A week later, despite my best intentions and resolutions, I found myself walking in my lunch break towards Piston Rod's chopper shop wearing a corset, suspender belt, stockings, a quarter cup bra, button down dress, heeled boots and no panties...