Author's Note: CAUTION. This story will eventually contain some male bi-sexuality. If that disturbs you, then you should probably stop reading and select another story.
################
My wife and I have been married twenty four years, and like most married couples our age, we've learned how to keep our sex life new and exciting.
Beth, my wife, is a beautiful and sensual woman who has been more than willing to use fantasy in our frequent sex play. Plus, over the years, she's become comfortable actually living out a few of our tamer fantasies, and role playing the more kinkier fantasies alone with me in the privacy of our bedroom.
For example, some of Beth's regular fantasies have included being stripped and exposed in front of other men. Over the years, I've had many opportunities to show her off to other guys in safe situations. For example, one special night a few years back, I had her completely naked – on her back with her legs propped open. I used my hands to spread her pussy lips apart and let two guys we met at a hotel bar look at her shaved, pink vagina while they jerked off. That was an amazing night we still talk about to this day.
I spanked her in front of the web cam one night while ten guys watched, taking great care to undress her slowly – making her stand in front of the camera holding her short skirt up as I pulled her panties down to her knees. I made her stand like that for ten minutes while I pushed my lubricated finger in and out of her cute little butt and played with her clit. By the time I positioned her bottom over my knees for her spanking, she was dripping wet and completely agreeable to letting me focus the web cam right at her pussy from behind.
She really gets off seeing naked guys, cocks of all shapes and sizes, and gets extremely turned on seeing guys masturbate. We have three DVDs that have bisexual group scenes, and she loves to watch the parts where two guys suck or stroke each other. She's told me numerous times how much she'd like to see me handle another man's cock, but, up to now, it's just been fantasy talk.
Myself, I have a huge panty fetish which Beth has always been happy to help me with, and panty play is one of the main activities in our sex life. She's never really understood my desire to see her have sex with another guy, but, she's completely fine with my creampie desires and would be thrilled to see me act on my 'off and on' bisexual curiosity.
But neither one of us, either Beth or myself, could have anticipated the series of unexpected events that seemed to logically end with our son's cock embedded deeply into his mother's vagina – and, all with my complete blessing. We didn't necessarily intend for any of this to happen, but, you're not going to hear one once of complaining from me, my wife, and surely not from our son, Charles.
The first thing that happened occurred the week after Charles moved back home from college for the summer. My wife, Beth, was asked to work on Saturday and take a day off during the week. So, I decided I'd help out around the house while she was gone and do some laundry. I'd gathered up all the clothes from the hampers and had sorted everything out on the floor in the laundry room, including a pile of Beth's bras and panties.
I left to go out to the garage for a few minutes, and when I came back I noticed the pile of my wife's lingerie had been rearranged, and, a pair of Beth's panties was gone. I knew they were there before I went out to the garage because I chuckled to myself when I pulled them out of the hamper in our bedroom. They were still wet and slimy with a combination of my wife's vaginal juices and my own sperm - the result of me asking her to leave her panties on when we went to bed late last night. Of course, that was my way of telling her I wanted to make love to her with her panties on, and knowing quite well about my panty fetish and always willing to let me have my fun, she left her panties on and we had a wild night of sucking and fucking while she wore her panties.
I looked in all the other piles of sorted clothes and couldn't find Beth's panties anywhere, so as a last ditch effort to find them, I traced my steps up the stairs and into our master bedroom hoping to find them lying on the floor somewhere along my path. But, to my dismay, I couldn't find them. What I did find, though, was my son's door closed, and as I put my ear against his door, I could hear the subtle, and obvious, 'Slap Slap Slap' sounds - the sounds of my son masturbating.
Now, at this point I have to admit that living with my mom and my sister afforded me the opportunity to snatch their panties and enjoy them in various ways while I masturbated. I don't have any doubts that swiping their panties played a significant role in my life long panty fetish, so, as I stood outside my son's room, it wasn't hard for me to theorize he was probably doing the exact same thing with his mother's panties.
Was I mad? Hell no!
In fact, if anything, it kind of amused me to think he might be holding his mother's panties up to his nose and smelling her pussy smell - doing the same thing I did when I was his age. And okay, maybe not all guys get off on sniffing their mom's or their sister's panties, but I sure wasn't going to make a big deal out of it. I smiled to myself as I crept away from his door, deciding to simply let him have his jollies and let it go at that.
But, I did want to get Beth's lingerie washed before she got home, so after puttering around in the kitchen for a few minutes, I figured I better find a way to get his mother's panties back so they could be washed.
"Charles, I'm running out to the hardware store to get the parts to fix the gate in the back yard." I yelled up the stairs to my son. "If you have anything you want to throw into the washer, do it now because as soon as I get back, I want to start a load of your mom's delicates."
I waited a few seconds for him to reply, but, when I didn't hear one, I shrugged my shoulders, put on my sun glasses and got in the car and left. I was gone for about an hour, and when I got back, I found Beth's worn panties had mysteriously reappeared - stuffed down into the middle of the pile of Beth's delicates.
"At least," I jokingly said to myself, "he had the common sense to put them back in the right pile."
I didn't say anything to Charles, or to Beth, when she got home from work about the missing panty incident. But, all through the day, I couldn't get the thought of our son sniffing his mother's panties out of my mind. When Beth and I finally got into bed that night, I was so worked up thinking about our son jerking himself while he played with his mother's panties, I couldn't keep my hands off her. Beth took full advantage of my overly excited state, riding me frontwards and backwards until she exhausted herself after having several strong orgasms.
The next unexpected thing that happened occurred on Wednesday, just four days later. Beth would normally have gone to work that day, but, because she was asked to work on Saturday, she had the day off. That morning, she got up with me and fixed me a nice breakfast before I went to work and then made the decision to go out and do some weeding in the flower bed in the front yard.
Apparently, Charles must have forgotten his mother was going to be home that day, and around nine o'clock that morning, Beth took a break from her flower bed and came inside the house to see if he was up yet. Seeing that his bedroom door was open, she poked her head around the door frame and was going to ask him if he was ready for breakfast. What she saw, though, made her immediately freeze.
The way Beth explained it to me, our son was on his back, lying on his bed with the sheets kicked all the way off. He was completely naked, his eyes were closed and he was methodically working his cock up and down with slow and deliberate strokes. There was a bottle of lubricant on the bed next to him, and each time his hand slid up and down his shaft, it created a sound that hypnotized my wife into standing there and watching him.
Beth had to stop and take a breath as she described to me what she had seen, and, the initial impression I got as she started to tell me her story was that she was totally captivated by what she saw. She was unable to move, even though she knew she should have probably left our son alone to enjoy him self. But, she couldn't. Something down inside her made her stay and watch.
She had a sparkle in her eye, and she was pulling me close to her and whispering up at me as she related the full details of what she witnessed. Beth blushed when I asked her how long she watched him, telling me it was probably three or four minutes before he opened his eyes and saw her out of the corner of his eye.
Quickly, I thought about how long three or four minutes actually lasted when you're just standing there doing nothing, and it occurred to me if she watched him jacking off that long, she certainly got a pretty good eyeful.
"Did you see him cum?" I asked, beginning to smile down at Beth.
"No!" My wife exclaimed softly, poking me in the ribs with her elbow.
"So, you just stood there watching him jerk off until he opened his eyes and saw you?" I asked.
Beth blushed again and nodded her head, looking up at me with a guilty look on her face.
"Well," I continued as I snickered, prodding her for details, "does he have a big cock?"
The look on my wife's face went blank when I asked her that question. It took her a moment, but, once the shock wore off she answered me straight away.
"I swear," she began to answer, "he looks exactly like you do down there. He's about the same size as you. But his balls....... and I'm not kidding.....his balls are absolutely huge."
"Oh, how sweet." I said sarcastically. "Our son is growing up."
"Oh, he's definitely not a little boy anymore, Sam." Beth replied. "He's as big as you are, but, his poor balls look so full. He probably needs to do that four or five times a day."
"Yeah," I snickered, "I remember those days. So, what happened?"
Beth continued with her story, telling me they exchanged an awkward glance between each other, and she simply reached over and pulled his door shut and went down stairs to the kitchen. I asked her more questions, wrapping my arms around her and hugging her to my chest as we talked. Her heart was thumping hard as we spoke, and for a few minutes she was so excited, I though she might hyperventilate as she told me what happened.
She told me she approached him later that afternoon and told him she was sorry for barging in on him, adding that there was nothing to be embarrassed about. He was silent as she delivered her apology, and she could tell he was unsettled about his own mother walking in on him while he was jerking off.
"I told him not to dwell on it." Beth explained. "I told him masturbation was a totally normal thing to do, and, I told him everyone did it, including you and me."
"You actually said that?" I asked. "You told him we both masturbated?"
"Well, we do." Beth said, defending her statement.
"What else was I going to say?" She added. "Was I supposed to tell him masturbation was a normal activity for everyone except his own parents?"
"Uh, I guess you're right." I replied. "But, did he know you stood there watching him for that long before he saw you?"
"No." Beth answered. "I told him I'd just peeked my head into his room at the second he saw me. I didn't see any reason to give him some kind of shame complex over something like this."
As she explained all this to me, I'd had my arms around her and we'd been trading off, giving each other little hugs. But, that little twinkle in her eye never died. I'm not sure what made me do it, but, I dropped my hand to the waist band of her shorts and shoved my hand down into her panties – and I was both surprised and elated to find her pussy was warm and wet.
"You're wet." I whispered into her ear. "You got all hot and wet watching your son masturbate and you've been wet ever since."
Without saying another word, I took her by the hand and led her into our bedroom and shut the door behind us. Within a matter of seconds, we were all over each other and as we pulled each other's clothes off, I begged her to keep her panties on and sit on my cock.
Breathless, she perched herself over me, pushed the crotch of her panties to the side and slid down on my shaft. As she did, she leaned down and kissed me – smothering my face with kisses as she panted and gasped for breath.
Once she started to move up and down on top of me, I looked up into her eyes and told her to tell me the truth. Then, I asked her if she would have stayed and watched Charles until he came if he hadn't opened his eyes and saw her. Beth bit her lower lip and then nodded her head up and down in answer to my question.
"Maybe you'll get another chance." I whispered up to her. "Maybe he got off on you watching him. Maybe he'll 'accidently on purpose' leave the door open again..... and if he does, I think you should make it a point to stand there and watch him the whole way...... even if he sees you."
Beth's eyes were on fire now, and she was humping my cock like a woman possessed. She was huffing and puffing...... staring at me as she slammed her pussy down on top of my cock.
"You'd like that, wouldn't you?" I asked my wife. "You've always liked watching guys jack off."
Beth didn't answer, but her movements on top of me got more intense as she ground her pussy down against my crotch and wiggled herself back and forth on my hard cock.
"It's okay with me if you want to watch him masturbate." I whispered. "I'm sure he wouldn't turn down the chance to watch you play with yourself if the situation was reversed."
"You sound like you want me to watch him." She said, gasping, as she humped my cock. "So, it's not just me that's excited about this...... it's you, too."
"Oh, I won't deny that, Sweetheart. It turns me on to think about you watching Charles play with his cock....... maybe even cuming in front of you." I replied. "I know you love looking at cocks."
She closed her eyes, propped herself up on my chest with her stiffened arms and began pushing her pelvis into mine. I could see the look of pure pleasure on her face as she fucked me, and I was perfectly happy to let her enjoy herself. After a few minutes, though, I decided to turn the heat up a little more.
"You know," I said to her as I reached up to lightly pinch her nipples, "he's been taking your panties out of the hamper, and I think he's sniffing them while he jerks himself off."
Beth opened her eyes, and nodded down at me. "I know." She replied, not even the slightest bit surprised at what I said. "He's been doing that for several months now. But," she stopped moving on top of me for a second and continued speaking, "I didn't know you knew. Are you mad?"
I reached up to wrap my arms around her shoulders and pulled her face down to mine. I kissed her deeply and when our lips parted, I whispered my answer in her ear.
"No, not at all, Sweetheart." I replied. "And who could blame the boy, Beth. I mean, he's got a cute, sexy mother he absolutely worships and I'd be surprised if he wasn't walking around all day with a hard-on because of you."
That was about all it took, because Beth started to tremble and vibrate on top of me as wave after wave of pleasure swept over her. I've seen Beth have some bodacious orgasms before, but nothing like this. And, when she started to cum, she clamped her pussy down on my cock and that's all I needed to start spurting up into her, filling her warm pussy with my hot sperm.
We rarely orgasm at the same time, so we were both surprised as we shook together and in unison. But, when it was over, she lifted her head off my shoulder and smiled down at me with a satisfied look. That night, we made love two more times with her panties on.
She slept all night in those same panties, not taking them off until the next morning when we both got up to go to work. After her shower, I put the wet, cum soaked panties in the middle of our bedroom floor, shook my finger at her and made her promise not to touch them. I even took a picture of them with my cell phone so I could tell if they were disturbed while we were at work.
I rushed home from work that day so I could get home before she did, and sure enough, Beth's panties had definitely been moved, and I was quick to point that out to Beth when she got home. That night while we were humping, I encouraged her to start leaving her worn panties openly in view so Charles would spot them easily, and I even suggested she let him catch her dressing, or undressing, so he could see her wearing the panties he might later be sniffing.
"You're really getting off on this, aren't you?" My wife asked. "Telling me to leave my panties out for our son and suggesting I let him see me half naked."
"Or completely naked." I answered. "I'm sure he wouldn't mind seeing his sexy mother with no clothes on."
"Sam!" Beth replied. "Are you actually saying I should flash my own son?"
"Well," I answered, "you did see him naked, remember? So, in a way, you kind of owe him that."
Again, that night we fucked like rabbits and I came inside her twice. Before we went to sleep, she gave me a devious smile and asked me if I wanted her to sit on my face so I could lick the fresh creampie out of her pussy. Without even a second of thought, I quickly took her up on her offer. And while I sucked and licked on her freshly fucked pussy, she took great pleasure in throwing out numerous ideas how she might be able to let our son accidently see her in her panties.
The third unexpected thing that happened was probably the most embarrassing moment of my entire life. That is the honest truth, I assure you.
Charles told us he was going out with some of his old high school friends and wouldn't be back until late – at least midnight or maybe later. So, seeing an opportunity to have some nasty fun while he was gone, Beth suggested we should take advantage of Charles being out of the house by giving my pubes a shave and pulling out her strap-on to give me a long, overdue ride with it.
Now, before you say anything, I should probably tell you that the silicone dong she uses in her strap-on is specifically made for a man's pleasure. It's slim and tapered, and has a knob at the end so it massages the prostate gland as it goes in and out. Beth always goes slow and is very gentle as she fucks me with it, and, I'm not ashamed to admit that it provides an amazing type of pleasure most men can't even imagine. It's a huge turn-on for my wife, too, primarily because it's the closest thing to gay or bisexual sex she's ever seen in person.
On top of that, Beth really enjoys taking the time to shave my pubic area, and she's quite good at it. She can shave me, including my balls, using her ladies razor and she never cuts or nicks me. Of course, during the time she's shaving me, I always get hard and she enjoys seeing and holding my hard cock in her hands while she shaves me bare.
So, after she shaved me up and put soothing lotion all over me that night, she led me by the hand to the bed and told me to assume the position for my long awaited fucking. She took her time preparing my ass, generously lubricating me with her fingers and getting her strap-on ready to pleasure me. When she was finally ready, she moved up next to me and gently nudged the end of her silicone dong up to my butt and carefully entered me.
It was wonderful, I can tell you that without any reservation. And as she started to move in and out of my ass, I grabbed my cock and started stroking myself as she looked down on me, carefully watching my every move.
There I was, on the edge of our marital bed with my knees pulled up as Beth was slowly sliding in and out of me. She was talking nasty to me, beckoning me to stroke my cock and cum for her while she fucked me. She began teasing me, starting and stopping, driving me crazy as she pushed the slender dong in and out of my ass. My eyes were closed in delirious pleasure and I was jacking myself, trying to stay in time with her thrusting and the feelings that were flooding over me.
I was just about there, just about ready to come when Beth suddenly stopped fucking me. I waited a few seconds for her to resume, but when she didn't, I opened my eyes to see the look of pure dread in her eyes.
Turning my head, I saw Charles standing just inside the doorway of our bed room – his jaw was open and he was starting directly at us, obviously able to clearly see the strap-on harness his mother was wearing, the dong shoved up inside my ass and my hard cock in my hand.
Charles' eyes were moving back and forth between his mother's naked body, my naked body and the strap-on still poked up my ass. Fortunately though, after a few seconds, he turned and walked out of our room, went across the hall to his own room and shut the door.
I was absolutely distraught that Charles had seen me like that. Obviously, no father wants his son to see him taking a cock shaped dong up his butt, and I was immediately filled with remorse and panic over what he would think. Beth finally calmed me down, convincing me to talk to Charles man-to-man tomorrow and be straight with him about what we were doing, and why.
I didn't fall asleep for a long time that night thinking about what I'd say to Charles the next day. But, when I woke up, I got a terrific brainstorm on how to handle the conversation with my son.
Calling my boss to get the day off, I made a pot of coffee, got Beth off to work and then knocked on Charles' bedroom door.
"Hey Charles." I said through the door as I knocked. "We need to change the oil and work on your car today. I'm going to need your help, so it's time to get up."
By the time I finished speaking, my son was opening the door and rubbing the sleep from his eyes. I was fully prepared to argue with him to get him out of bed, or even get him to face me, but, he didn't seem bothered in the least and I told him to come down to the garage once he was up and ready to work.
About fifteen minutes later, Charles joined me in the garage. If he was having a problem over what he saw the night before, he surely wasn't letting on. For the first thirty minutes I kept wondering if he was going to say anything about seeing me on my back with my legs pulled up and his mom fucking my ass with a strap-on, but, he never mentioned it and there wasn't any conceivable changes in his behavior toward me.
Finally, while I was under the car loosening the drain plug on the oil pan, I decided to say something.
"Charles," I said, "I want to talk to you about what you saw last night...... what your mother and I were doing when you came into our bedroom."
I half expected him to moan or groan in response to my statement, but, instead, he leaned down and rested his arms on the front fender of the car and said, "Okay."
"Look," I began, "whether you realize it or not, married couples have sex, and what your mother and I do in our bedroom is private between us."
"Dad," Charles groaned, "don't you think I know that?"
"Well," I answered, "I was hoping you knew enough to keep it to yourself."
"I know you were probably shocked by what you saw," I added, "but once you get older you'll understand that sometimes you have to try new things to keep the spark going in your marriage."
"I wasn't shocked, Dad." Charles replied to me, calmly. "I thought it was a little kinky, but I wasn't shocked."
I was pulling myself out from under the car as he answered. As I wiped my hands off with a clean rag, I looked up at him and said, "You know, some people might say that sneaking your mother's panties out of her hamper after she's worn them was a little kinky, too."
The look on Charles' face went blank and his eyes grew wide. Quickly, though, I continued speaking, saying, "But, you haven't heard a single word from me about that. And I haven't criticized you in any way, have I?"
Before he could answer, I reached out and patted him on the shoulder and said, "Don't worry, you're not going to get scolded by me for that."
After a moment, I reached over to pick up my oil filter wrench and turned back toward him. "My point is," I continued, "we have to be tolerant and considerate of each other."
"Besides....." I said, chuckling, "maybe one day you'll meet a woman with whom you'll be able to experiment and explore, and then maybe what you saw us doing might not seem so kinky."
As I lie down on my back to slide under the car again, I glanced at Charles' face and I think he understood what I was trying to tell him. I was just getting the oil filter wrench around the oil filter when he finally said something.
"Are you guys mad at me now?" Charles asked. "About the panties?"
"Son," I answered, "believe me, I'm the last person on earth that would chastise you for being attracted to a pair of your mother's panties. And as for your Mom, no, she's not upset at all."
"Wow." I heard him mumble.
"You seem surprised?" I asked.
"Yeah," he replied, "I am. I figured she'd be mad at me for something like that."
"I think I'd characterize her as being flattered." I answered. "You know..... a young guy like you being interested in an older woman more than twice your age. I think it makes her feel young and sexy again."
"Dad," Charles said in a strong tone, "first of all, Mom is not 'old' by any stretch of the imagination, and secondly, she's a total, one hundred percent hottie."
"Oh," I exclaimed from under the car, "you're not going to get any argument from me on that point. She's a beautiful and sexy woman, that's for sure."
We both laughed, and as our laughing subsided I decided to push my luck a little. "Have you ever seen her naked?" I asked Charles.
I could tell my question caught him off guard, but, I kept quiet to see if he'd answer me.
"Just...... uh, you know...." Charles answered cautiously, "the other night..... all I could see was the top half."
I pulled the oil filter out of the engine block and held it out from under the bumper for him to take from me, and as he leaned down to take it out of my hands, I said, "Well, it's okay if you have, or if you want to. It's normal for guys to be interested in the female body and I think your Mom understands that. Honestly, she'd be fine with it."
"What!" Charles snapped.
"Have you bothered to ask her?" I asked.
"Ask her what?" My son answered.
"To see her naked." I replied.
"Of course not." Charles exclaimed.
"Well," I said, chuckling out loud, "you might be surprised if you just ask her."
"Dad, come on.... you know I can't do that." Charles said.
He went on to tell me he'd be afraid to ask her something like that, and when I asked him why, he shook his head for a second and then blurted out because she was so pretty.
"You mean you'd get turned on looking at your mother if she was naked?" I asked.
"Absolutely." Charles answered.
"I see." I replied, laughing. "Can't say I'd blame you for that. I get turned on just thinking about her being naked."
"But maybe there's something I can do to help." I added. "Maybe I can get her to dress more casually around the house...... you know, maybe she'll let you see her in her bra and panties and that might make it easier for you to eventually see her completely undressed."
I stood up next to him and handed him a rag to wipe his hands with. "It goes both ways though, Charles. She's going to feel weird if she's the only one walking around in her underwear, especially if you want to see her naked. We should both do it, too." I said.
"You're kidding, right?" Charles asked, looking over at me.
"Not at all." I answered as seriously as I possibly could. "I think I know your mother well enough to know she'll be much more open to this if we participate, too."
"And you think she'd want to see me in my underwear, or naked?" Charles asked me.
"Why wouldn't she?" I replied. "Girls like to see naked guys as much as guys like to see naked girls. Your mother's no different, Son."
Charles and I spent the rest of the morning working on his car and by the time we were done, we had talked everything through and he was excited about getting to see his Mom in her underwear and possibly naked. I told him not to worry about getting aroused – telling him I was sure it was something she would expect and would definitely take as a compliment.
While we talked, he eventually asked me about the strap-on, what it felt like and if it hurt. I told him the truth – that it felt amazingly wonderful, and how fortunate I was to have a wife that was willing to be open to kinky things. He even asked me why I was shaved, and I told him I did it mostly because it turned his mother on, adding, "I'm sure she'd be glad to shave you, too."
When Beth got home from work, I told her about my morning with Charles. She was initially stunned when I recounted the conversation I had with him, and how I told him I'd ask her to start wearing her bra and panties around the house. I sat her down and for the lack of a better word, I begged her to have an open mind about it. I tried to tell her that being in her bra and panties wasn't any different than being in a bathing suit, but she wasn't buying any of that. However, when I told her how excited Charles became when we were discussing the idea, it was like her whole outlook changed and she seemed to be actually considering it.
"Sweetheart," I pleaded, "you know you want him to see you..... probably just as much as he wants to see you. And I'll admit I want it to."
"Honestly," I said to her as I shifted my position and looked her straight in the eyes, "and please don't get mad at me for saying this....... but, if it was up to me, and if I thought you'd go for it, I'd take you into his room right now, make you stand in front of him and I'd strip you down to your panties. I'd make you play with yourself and then I'd take your panties off you, hand them to him and then I'd pick up all your clothes, leave you naked standing right in front of your son, and close the door behind me as I left."
Beth's eyes never left mine, and as I sat there looking at her, she reached over and put her hand in my crotch and squeezed my cock.
Finally she spoke, saying, "You know, I almost believe you'd really do that."
"I would." I confessed.
"So, when would this start?" Beth asked. "Am I just supposed to start walking around the house in my panties cold turkey?"
Taking a deep breath, I explained to my wife that Charles and I would do it, too – walk around in our underwear if she did. Smiling, she asked me if I'd really thought that part through.
"What if you guys get hard?" She asked. "You're not going to be able to hide that, you know."
"That's absolutely true and I'm sure it's going to happen." I answered.
"And the two of you are okay with that?" Beth asked me in return.
"Absolutely." I replied. "And when it does, you're free to look. Just consider it our way of showing our appreciation..... its a compliment to you."
"A compliment, huh?" Beth said, chuckling, "Okay, we'll try it starting tomorrow."
So, those were the things that started us down the path we were on now. After I had that talk with my wife, I knew it was just a matter of time before I got the two of them naked together. I could tell Beth was interested in seeing more of Charles' cock, and it seemed Charles was just as interested in seeing his mother naked, too. All I had to do was think of a way to get the two of them to go to the next step.
For now, though, I was looking forward to watching my son's reactions to seeing his mother in her bra and panties. I knew it would mean Charles and I would be hard almost constantly, and that was fine with me. Hopefully, Beth would be willing to lend a hand to help us out if we needed some relief – both of us.
To be continued.