"The attic door is still unlocked."
Eric Crowe and Heath Talbot noticed it ajar after three days being open. Honoring Margo's wishes they had passed it by without venturing into her secrets. She was proud of the boys. So proud of them that she felt it was time to reveal the contents. They were drooling at the bit wanting to go up but resisted. That deserved a nudge along.
Stepping in from one of her notorious three-mile wilderness runs, Margo Needy knew she required a shower but finding the boys standing before the door she just couldn't resist their curiosity any longer. "Thank you, boys." She moves behind them and takes turns hugging each, her nipples through a cut off tank top inspired to tease their spines. Eric grinned at her over his shoulder.
"Have a nice run?"
"Yes. You should join me next time."
"One mile in you'd have to carry me out." Eric laughs. "I might be buff, but I'm the last athlete in shape."
"Pussy." Heath slaps Eric's chest from a sideways angle.
"Yeah? Let's see you do it. You're as in shape as I am." Better shape by far.
"Boys! Boys! There is only one pussy in this home. If I can run three miles then turn around and satisfy four strapping young lads, you two should be more than capable. Did you both just realize the attic was open?"
"Nope! I saw it yesterday. Told Eric about it but we agreed not to betray your trust."
"I noticed the other day; I just didn't let on." Eric confessed.
"We didn't tell Brian; he would have been up there like lightning."
"Cabot?"
"Haven't ran into him of late. Working a lot at Hilltop and then his grandmother's going into a nursing home so he's kind of preoccupied."
"Aww! Why didn't he talk to me about her? This is the first I've heard." She creases her brow pouting at his neglect.
"Private, I guess. Afraid to show his emotions maybe." Eric points out.
"I'll text him later. See if there's anything I can do." She frets flinching at her body odor. "I so need a shower. If you boys wish to go into the attic, I'm okay with it now. All I ask is not to touch anything and to keep an open mind. Darryl... had rather strange ideas about how to keep me busy while he was gone."
Looking between each other at the word strange, Eric and Heath faced temptation head on. Subtly they agree together as Heath admits, "We'll wait until after your shower. You should give us a tour. Respect for Darryl and all."
"That is very sweet of you. Give me forty minutes to get beautified. Then, I'm all yours."
"We have you 24/7 MILF." Heath offers a strange stare. What was that about? It gave her goosebumps.
"Yes...you do."
A warm smile later she wiggled away toward her room. Sweaty clothes were coming off before she even reached her bedroom door, offering them one final tease as she winked over her shoulder at them then stepping out of sight. Even under severe perspiration Margo Needy was Goddess level. Both men had to adjust their junk. Trying to get their desires in check the boys nod at each other and take a breath.
"Call of Booty...I mean Duty?" Eric smirked.
"Tank up, Mother Fucker." Heath returned the earlier chest slap then snatched up her tank top from the hallway floor, tanking up indeed. Off to the basement Xbox they went. Something to sniff along the way. Challenge accepted.
With her bedroom and bathroom doors removed they could have easily joined her in the shower, but the boys giving her space meant a lot to her. All of the boys had certain traits that appealed to her desires. Brian being the hardest one to keep in check. Not that she wanted to check him. Still, he often did things that caught her off guard. Eric and Cabot were the easiest going and appeared to respect her more than the other two. Heath was turning out to be the wildcard. It was like, every day they were around each other he appeared to be evolving from a fanboy of her modelling days into something she could not quite peg. She was certain that in the days ahead she would understand him better. She hoped.
"Mmmm! Hot water feels sooo good." She peers directly up into the cascade sealing her eyes and enjoying the downpour. Hands in her hair she wrings the dark brown locks back into a tail before releasing her mane. Obtaining her luffa, she soaps it up and cleanses her body. As she rinses, her thoughts locate her lost love.
"Am I making a mistake sharing our private chambers with the boys Darryl? Elliot was not even privy to the attic." More than she was aware of! She lowers her gaze toward the shower floor watching streams of water pelt the fiberglass from her brow. "I love you very much Darryl. I miss you every waking moment. I'm... just trying to move on in ways I know you would approve of. You expected me to be the best slut I could possibly be. You know that I crave dick like it's going out of style, I'm getting it now. All four boys are satisfying my nympho tendencies. Yet, I'm trying to keep my identity in order to carry on for Elliot, and not lose everything you worked so hard for. Guide me Darryl... so that I can keep our home. Does my Bed & Breakfast idea seem logical? Where will I get the money? I know your friends would help but we both know that without you to keep them civil they would demand much of me. While I'm not opposed to sleeping with any one of them again... I worry they would lure me into a life I would not be happy in. I want my freedom, yet... if the right situation arose, I might offer more."
She sighs heavily and shuts her water off, standing there in her shower lifelessly, her thoughts all over the place. Could she in all reality be capable of running a business? She would most likely require a manager to keep the books. Hiring maids, cooks, possibly other jobs as needed. She knew Cabot was dying to be a chef so maybe he could stay on as her cook. The other boys' groundskeepers, repairs possibly. Still trusting them with a business and dealing with money was a longshot.
"I wonder...if Elena might be interested in moving here and running things should I be financed?" Her old modelling friend Elena Kerrington had worked for a big corporation at one time having gotten a Master's in business. It had been a few years since they had spoken. Of course, back in the day, long before Darryl, she and Elena had been somewhat lovers. Not many knew of that, Darryl did. She had actually had a threesome with she and Darryl in Paris while on a shoot. Being bi left room for two sides of satisfaction. Margo preferred cock, but a sweet pussy was still on the menu. "I don't even know if she has the same number after all this time. I'll hold off a few weeks and see what my banker Jacob tells me after a property appraisal. Maybe he can guide me toward prospective loans, if his bank can't help. He is a smaller banking system so it's hard to say how much he and his board could approve. If at all!"
Opening her shower door, she clutched a towel to her face and went about drying off. "I suppose I should talk about the Bed & Breakfast idea with Elliot. I really need him to skype with me so I can see his true reaction. This place is partly his as much as it is mine." Brushing her teeth quickly, she wonders how school was going for her adopted son. He was being especially quiet these days. She chalked his silence up to meeting new friends and enjoying what Paris had to offer. All of this could wait. Why stress him out when he had so much on his mind.
Blow drying her hair and brushing it out she added the necessary hair products to bring out the luster of her Goddess like mane. Perfume spritzed over every inch of her body she felt alive. Beauty came naturally to Margo Needy. Even on her worst day she was perfection. As always clothing came next. Finding sexy things that the boys had yet to see her in was not much of a challenge. Her wardrobe was massive. Ninety percent of her clothing was seductive in some fashion. Yet, some clothes were still not as revealing as others. The boys had been giving her grief about wearing too much, even when it was already minimal. Sighing heavily, she nodded at their wishes.
"Alright boys...panties only. Let's brighten up your day." She chose a very cute pink G-string with tiny red rose patterns on it. The G-string's straps were so thin she couldn't even call it spaghetti. Angel hair if she did. Eyeing her luscious body in a mirror she shivered. "So sexy."
Slapping her own ass to get moving she headed out into the hallway. Shocked to see the boys waiting on her, obviously tanked out, she danced in a circle showing off. "Approve?" Eric whistled and squeezed his crotch as she blew him a kiss. Heath on the other hand scowled. Shaking his head, he took the few steps in reaching her, and winced into her eyes. Lowering her gaze she realized her error, "You don't like them?"
Heath boldly reached to both of her hips and pinched her straps, without asking he just rolled the G-string down to her toes and made her step out of them. She smiled sheepishly at what he had done. With a growl Heath let her have it, "This is how you should always be."
"I can't be totally nude all the..." Heath palms her mouth then wags an index finger at her with a strict glare. Removing his hand she finishes with... "I'll work on that."
"Lead the way MILF." Heath stepped aside showing her toward the attic door but pocketing her panties. Wiggling past him she caresses his cheek with a beguiling smile. Her heart shaped ass led the way up the stairs. Halfway up she stops and faces the boys trailing behind her.
"Again, I ask for open minds. Darryl... liked his toys."
"Toys?"
"Yes. You will see." She continues her journey, hitting a light switch at the top of the stairs. She also flipped a switch to start up three ceiling fans to whip up a breath of air in the heated attic. While lingering at the switches Eric sneaks up behind her, leaning down to bite her ass. The sudden shock sent her into a Julia Robert's laugh that made her turn red. "OH MY GOD! DON'T DO THAT ERIC."
"I'll do that whenever I feel like it MILF." He winked.
"Okay. You win. Just know I bite back." She shows her teeth as if vicious.
"So what's up... Whoa! do I see a pool table?" Eric eagerly stepped by her in favor of checking out a pristine pool table that was covered by a big sheet. Removing the sheet the green felt looked brand spanking new. Cues on the table with balls already in the triangular frame. "Sweeeeeet!"
"You can come up here and play. Just try not to be rough on it. Believe it or not I'm actually pretty good at pool."
"Challenge accepted." Eric threw an arm around her shoulder, hugging her to his side, his right hand dangling low to squeeze her tit.
"In a bit. Let me show you more." It would be another day.
Heath had gone exploring on his own discovering a support beam above them with a wench, wires connected to it but leading to a wall. Eying the device he turns to Margo, "Bondage stuff?"
"Yes. Darryl used to tie me to it and flog me. Tickling is the worst." She shivers.
"Show us."
"You want me to tie you up?" She giggles.
"No Bitch. Let's tie you up."
"It's been awhile. Can I show you other things first?"
"Sure." Eric beats Heath, who was prepared to say no. Heath instead let it go and followed her to the other end of the full size attic, reaching a huge oak table with four chairs around it, one that appeared to have someone sitting in the chair which was cloaked by a thick sheet.
"Ghost?" Eric smirked.
"Perhaps. This is what I was referring to when I said strange. Darryl had this particular device made for me to use when he was gone on the road for weeks at a time. He made me use it daily and call him while I did. A more intimate moment for both of us. I have not used it since Darryl died however. Not that I didn't want to, but with raising Elliot taking up my time and just the... loss, being so difficult, I wasn't ready."
"What the hell is it?" Heath winced.
Moving to the sheet she looks at them, "Open minds, remember." With an upward tug she removed the large sheet. What was beneath it made both boys bulge their eyes.
"He had a mannequin made of him?" Eric poised his brows high.
Heath shook his head, "Is it a wax figure?"
"Not wax, hard plastic with a fabric that simulates real flesh over his nude body."
"Morbid." Heath looked leery of it.
"Looks just like Darryl."
"It was designed to appear as real as possible. I know it is a lot to take in, I'll cover him back up."
"Wait!" Heath stops her, "What's the purpose of it?"
"I can show you." She reaches beneath the table for a remote control concealed there, and utilizes hydraulics under the mannequin itself, lifting it up to crotch high, as if standing. It was then that the boys realized what it truly was.
"A fucking machine?" Eric spoke first.
"Ole' Darryl has a big dick." Heath chuckled.
"Oh yes. I adored it immensely. It was crafted from Darryl's actual dimensions. That dildo has his girth, crown fullness, and length perfectly balanced as it was in reality. Even the veins are perfect." She fans herself bending over to kiss the crown, then wagging her tongue along its lengthy stalk, before standing to lean her elbow on Darryl's artificial shoulder. She was proud of it.
"Let's see you use it." Heath winks.
"Yeah!" Eric grinned, "Let's see Darryl make you crazy."
"I... I don't know. That was rather personal."
"Get your slut ass up on that table." Heath pointed aggressively, his rising voice made her gather another rash of goosebumps. Eric watching her reaction to Heath's outburst made him worry.
"Fine!" She sits up on the table and uses the remote to draw the mannequin closer. Another button slowly extends the dildo on a metal rod toward her. She slides her body into position then looks to the boys. "Can one of you bring me that pillow over there? This table isn't exactly comfortable." Eric spotting the pillow beneath a throw blanket obtains it, fluffing it up for her and laying it under her lower back. Once comfy she huffs her cheeks and aligns the dildo up between her thin labia then into her pussy. Ready, she activates the arm and the beastly toy penetrates hard and deep, lingering briefly before exercising its reason for existence. Margo instantly yelped and offered an almost terrified look at the boys. As the dildo performed its duty Heath shook his head. Taking the remote from her hand he looked it over.
"Let's turn this bastard on high. If it's been three years ole' Darryl has to make up for lost time." Dialing it up, the toy devastated her full force, her body trembling and rapidly making her inner sensations ready up a brewing gusher. Heath was becoming intrigued by Darryl. "FUCK YOUR SLUT COACH. HIT IT LIKE A FULL COURT PRESS."
Margo hearing Heath's attitude whimpered as she squeezed her dancing breasts. Her dedication toward her husband inspirational, "Fuck me, Darryl. I've missed you so very much. You feel so good inside me." A temperature control feature even warmed the dildo to human body heat. Darryl was the man!
"What's that secondary rod under the dildo?" Eric notes something, contorting in his stance to check it out.
"In a minute." Heath looks, but holds off any deep investigation. Instead he reaches over Margo's thighs and rubs her clit vigorously as the toy competed for her affection. Margo Needy wasted no time in cumming hard, her geyser pooling out on top of the oak table in three separate flash floods. Breathless, she lay there smiling and holding her heaving chest.
"You were magnificent Husband."
Slowing the toy to a stop, she prepared to make her escape until Heath snatched up her right ankle, "You're not done." She shivered at his rough persona, returning to her former position. Heath and Eric both kneel to each side of the device and realize tucked up under it was a second control rod with a smaller penis attached to it. Puckering at each other Heath glances at the remote and propels the torso higher. Curious of their discovery Margo sits up on her palms looking puzzled.
"I've never noticed that before." She winced, "Why would there be a second penis?"
"DP action?" Eric posed the idea.
"Bet." Heath grinned. "Question is... who's penis is this one?"
"I have no idea why Darryl would add another."
"Lay back. I'm gonna line up both of these and take your holes for a test drive."
"As you wish." She took a deep breath and let the boys arrange the machine to her height, so that both could work in unison. "There's a bottle of lube on the small table over there." Pointed out, Eric finds the bottle and lubes her anal cavity and the toys. He looked grossed out rubbing lube into the smaller dildo. He felt like he was playing with whomever modelled for that one.
Devices primed and carefully installed; Heath fired them up. In a seesaw effect the rods took turns taking jabs at her. She lost her mind three minutes into her torture. The boys fist bumped each other as she began screaming out in lust. Stepping to each side of her the boys leaned onto the tabletop and both sucked a nipple. Letting their lips roam more passionately along every contour of her body made her reel in ecstasy. Fingers taunting her clit as before intensified her behavior. She cooed and cried out at the same instant. This time her orgasm was taking its sweet time before dragging her brain under a veil of loss.
"How you like this Momma MILF?" Heath whispered into her ear.
"LOVE IT!" She yelps, her eyelids fluttering at their attentiveness, "I love you boys. Thank you for encouraging me to make love to my husband again."
"And his friend." Heath smirked.
"Yes." She tried to giggle, "His...his...SON OF A BITCH!" Margo Needy had a silencing orgasm right after yelling, her legs rioting a sustained spasm on the tabletop. Heath left the dicks tormenting her, expecting another exploding reservoir. The dam broke faster than predicted.
"Fucking A! Good job Cougar."
"Oh my God!" She gasped for air, "That was incredible." The device ground to a halt and retreated into Darryl's waistline. "You boys need to fuck me now."
"Not yet. Once more to frazzle your circuits. This time with two sets of fingers." Heath moves his right hand in and finger fucks her pussy slowly as he nods to his buddy, "Double digits Bro. Get in here." Eric whistled at Margo's heaving chest glossed over in sweat. Fingering up alongside Heath's already embedded terrible two, both of them together on the count of three finger fucked her so roughly that she found it impossible to remain bodily calm. Thrashing all about screaming at the top of her exceptionally healthy lungs Margo Needy blacked out between orgasms, two in the blink of an eye. The boys certainly knew how to send her on a tour of insanity. Exploding multiple times on their knuckles the young men slowed their rapid insertions. Pulling away messy, they used the old throw blanket on the loveseat to wipe their hands and forearms. A brotherly smugness made them drape arms over their shoulders and pat their backs for a job well done. All Margo could see was shadows and circulating fan blades.
"Rise and shiny Whiney. Get up!" Heath bellowed, "Let's tie your ass up and make you beg for our cocks."
"I can beg now." She giggles fanning her face.
"UP!" Heath goes so far as to grab her damp hair and encourage her from her swimming pool atop the oak table. The blanket gets tossed into the pool to soak up her sweat and leftover joy pond. Responding to his stern guidance she crawls from the table and immediately loses her legs in favor of her knees, Margo had zero motor skills at the moment. Still, she did manage to crawl on all fours in the direction of the bondage arena. Not only was there just that beam with wench and cables, but many other assorted devices. Further beyond the suspension cables at another rafter dangled a hanging leather cocoon. That attracted Heath more. Heath forcing her to follow by tugging her hair led her right up to it. Eric pats her ass cheeks multiple times just for kicks, until they reached the cage. "I've see these in videos." Heath releases her to topple exhaustedly to the floor.
Unzipping the top base he positions it on the floor before her. "Stand your slut ass up Cougar." Weary she complies while Eric attempts to assist her. Heath slugged his arm telling his friend, "She can do it on her own. Stop being a pussy." Hesitant, Eric steps back and watches Margo weakly stand up to step into the leather netting, feet firmly in foot stirrups. Once there Heath kneels and guides the outer netting up over her twitching body until she is entrapped from head to toe, the cage tightly constricting Margo's body within it, literally creasing her flesh in its tightness. Her breasts poking out of Margo's bindings her finest feature, the rest of her body revealed itself in small favors between straps. As she sways to stay standing Heath retrieves the ceiling cable and attaches it to the top hook. Once prepped, Heath follows the cable to the rotary wench with a powered lift mechanism. Button pushed the leather cage tightens up even more under her body weight as she rises three feet off of the floor. There Margo dangled lost in the thoughts of why she was letting them do this to her.
"I do this for you Darryl." She keeps her emotions in check while battling her thoughts, "Who am I kidding? I do this because I adore making the boys feel in control. I was born for this, even if I rarely show this side of me as often as I used to. Do your worst my handsome lovers."
"Damn! She looks smoking hot all trussed up like that." Heath leans an elbow on Eric's shoulder.
"Seems cruel." Eric fidgets, yet agreed with a nod that it was pretty hot. "What now?"
"I say we go make lunch. I'm starving."
"Leave her like this?" Eric bulges his eyes with uncertainty.
Heath steps over to the cocoon and twirls her twice hearing the restraints creak. "She brought us up here for a reason Bro. Isn't that right MILF?"
"I... I hadn't planned on this no." She softly speaks up, "If you feel the need to torture me by leaving me sweat up here while you go eat I'll survive. At least bring me some water when you return."
"I'll think about it." He whirls her once more then takes out his cellphone to snap a picture of her imprisonment. "Smile and say, you're evicted Heath."
"I will smile but, you're not going anywhere my Captor." She beguiles him with a gorgeous grin.
"See Bro? Momma MILF likes how we treat her."
"Is that true Mrs. Needy?"
"Should I lie to you Handsome Eric?"
"Nope."
"I do have a fondness for bondage. Go have lunch. I will await your return."
"Dude!" Eric shakes his head worried for Margo's safety. "What if that cable breaks?"
"She's three feet off the floor."
"It will not break Eric. I am fine. Enjoy your lunch, I will just envision Darryl when we used this last. Of course, we had guests over. That was fun."
"Topic for an hour later MILF. My belly is growling." Heath pushes Eric forward and the two headed down the stairs. Fans and the lights shut off left only gloom and small windows with daylight peeking through. Margo Needy had not counted on Heath's torture going so far. With the heat up here already balmy, no fans would make her sweat very hard. She smiled, knowing the gloss of her tanned flesh would be stunning.
"Yes Darryl... I'll touch myself until they return." Margo found peace in rubbing her clit. When the boys return she wanted them to find a puddle stain on the floor to inform them she was grateful for their genius. "Oh my God! They've made my nerves so sensitive I can hardly rub myself." Under the constriction even that was difficult in reaching her trigger spot. The cocoon was not quite as tight as it could have been. If it were synched tighter there would be no way possible to move at all. It would be a very long hour.
Downstairs Eric followed Heath with a troubled look, "Are we seriously going to be assholes like this?"
"Bro... you saw, you heard. Margo loves this abuse. She wants all of us so badly that she's willing to endure pretty much anything. I personally intend to discover her limit. So far, all I could think of that might really piss her off is if we shit down her throat."
"Never going to happen Buddy. If you ever try that I'll beat you bloody. She's too sexy for that gross crap."
"Relax... I'm only saying that because the limitation has got to be pretty intense or we would have had her yelling at us by now."
"I'm okay with pushing her but there's got to be a limit even for us."
"I hear ya. You have your fun with her, I'll have mine. If I overstep you have my permission to punch my lights out."
"Just don't hurt our Landlady."
"Our House Whore."
"That too."
"Grilled cheese?"
"Sounds good."
It was over an hour before going back up. Eric made sure the dishes were done before hand. If she ended up pissed off at least he could say he did the dishes and cleaned the kitchen. Eric was a neat freak. Grabbing a bottled water from the fridge the boys headed back up to the attic. Leaving the lights off the young men made their journey back to face Margo. On their way they heard moaning. Eyes flaring at the sounds, Heath again pulled out his cell, this time to record her thrashing about upon reaching her. Margo even under her tight quarters had relocated fingers up inside her drenched pussy. The bitch was fucking amazing. They watched her until she gushed another puddle on to the floor, trickles continuously dripping from her legs, obviously a second round as there was already a pool below. Awesome video indeed.
She really was glossy from head to toe in her heat exhaustion. Her hair looked as if she had just showered. "Welcome back." She melted their souls with a soft sensuous tone of voice, "I've missed you. I could not stop thinking of you boys so I managed to keep busy."
"You're fucking incredible Mrs. Needy." Eric smirked.
"No. It should be you're fucking incredible Slut. I am one you know."
"Yes you are." Heath nodded with mad respect. Looking around him Heath notes a tray on a table with a wand vibrator and an assortment of pleasure toys. What attracted him most was a device that appeared like a cattle prod. Examining it he grimaced finding the batteries dead in most everything.
"They have not been used in over two years." She huffs.
"Any batteries laying around?"
"That cabinet over there next to the..." She pauses at something missing, "There used to be a sex swing there. I recall it there after Darryl's passing. No one, not even Elliot should have had access to the attic. I hid the key very well."
Ignoring her, Heath located the cabinet and found batteries. Hopefully they were still good. Switching them out he triggers the device and sparks ignite in a low level sizzle. A cheesy grin led to Eric's notice.
"Dude! Seriously?"
"What say you Slut? Fire in the holes?"
"If you must." She quivers with expectance. She knew with her wringing wet body the shocks would be more intense. She was as prepared as she could ever be.
"Oh, we must." Heath chuckles, "Landlady needs to learn who the bosses are in this house."
"I am. But, I will share that responsibility." She sighs, smiling vividly.
"Wrong answer. That deserves a higher setting." A spark larger and louder made her cringe as he stood in front of her. "Where to begin? How about this cute little belly button? No jewelry today, that's disappointing." He touches the tip of it to the dripping sweat over her abs and jolts her once. Every one of her muscles tensed up as she yelped.
"Was that so bad?"
"No."
"Good girl." He circles her to the rear. "Spread those ass cheeks." In response she fought her arms behind her back under the tight leather, tugging at her flesh. Once achieved she pries her cheeks apart just as Heath had ordered. Now Eric found himself recording his friends actions and her reactions. Right directly over her butt pucker Heath zapped her. She screamed at the top of her lungs and had to hold her breath. "Evicting me?"
"NO!" She retaliated loudly.
Again he hit the same spot and lingered there zapping her until she made the cage dance about in the air. Weeping at the abuse she spoke with a hint of fear, "Heath?"
"Yep?"
"Do your worst, then fuck me harder than you've ever fucked a woman in your life."
"We're coming up here more often you and I."
"Yes Heath. My attic is open to all of you now."
"Our bondage whore." He prided himself, gripping her chin for a shared stare.
"Thank you for tormenting me."
Mind blown, Eric captures her pleading gaze. This led Heath to zap her clit making Margo huff, scream and plead for mercy in the form of "Oh my God." After five more assaults Eric had seen enough. Grabbing Heath's arm he glares his opinion. Heath shrugged, "Enough for today."
"I hope I've passed whatever test you seemed to require. I want you boys, and I will do pretty much anything to make you happy. All I ask is that you protect me and love me like no other."
"Goddess at our disposal."
Heath lowers her cage while Eric unhooks and peels the leather down over her body like a snake shedding its skin. Her body gloss was a thing of beauty. Once out of her prison, Margo dove at Eric throwing her arms around his neck and smothered him in passionate kisses. Moving behind her Heath felt evil and zapped her ass cheek once more. Yelping into Eric's mouth she refused to break her lustful lip lock. Finally, Heath snatched up her hair and drug her away from Eric and into his own feverish kiss. She devoured Heath as if she had not seen him in years.
"Guys? It's fucking 120 degrees up here. Let's take this downstairs." Eric removed his t-shirt just to wipe the sweat off his face and neck. He ended up drinking half of Margo's unopened bottle of water.
Peeling away from Margo's hunger Heath grips her by the throat for a forceful gaze, "Expect many more days of bondage ahead."
"Ready when you are Mister Talbot." She stares without blinking.
"Music to my ears Slut. Get your ass downstairs to your bed and spread those legs wide, pry that fucking cunt so open I could put a fist up you." Whipping her around he nudges her. Margo wasted no time in racing downstairs and diving into her bed. Legs poised high and hole propped wide by trembling fingers she awaited her lover. They took their sweet time. Regardless she challenged herself to remain in that position as long as they deemed to punish her. Ten minutes later Eric Crowe stepped in naked and crawled over her.
"I'm not sure what you were trying to prove Margo, but it was damned sexy."
"Am I not allowed to push my own limits?" She feels his cock penetrate her cunt and pulls him closer. As he fucks her she adds, "Eric?"
"Uh huh?"
"May I request something of you?"
"Sure. What?"
"Stop being so nice. Be like you were the day we all first submitted to no boundaries. I saw greatness in you that day but you've... backed away since."
Studying her grin he knew that she needed more than concern or any friend. The slut needed fucked hard without mercy. Nodding at her request Eric Crowe got rough. Hair pulled, forceful positioning, ass slapped hard, nipples bitten, she loved it all. So did he. Man up! After a good hard orgasm, Eric nutted deep inside her weeping cunt. Heath joined the duo and force fucked her throat as Eric tagged her pussy a second round. Margo Needy was never happier. They needed to do this more often.
"Sweet dreams Darryl."
She would not think of her husband the remainder of the night. When Brian Hancock came home from work he took over. Only Cabot missed out. That sweaty gloss never once dried.
So Hot! So very, very Hot!
In the 140-degree attic... Darryl's mannequin even perspired.
Dildo on a rod dripping.