This is a continuation of "The Boss' Wife" but it's not necessary to read that story to understand this one.
The next day was uneventful, as I left in the morning, ran a few errands in town, grabbed a bite, and eventually arrived back at my apartment in the late evening.
Unfortunately, the storm that had started the night before had continued, causing some power outages in the area, including one in my building! It was so dark as I entered my apartment that I had to feel my way around using the walls just to get to my living room. This sucked!
I tried to remember where I kept the flashlight, but I couldn't. Nor would I have a lot of success finding it in this darkness. So I started thinking about who I knew nearby that I could get some help from.
I had only lived in the building for a year, and didn't know my neighbous very well. I had made some occasional small-talk with my immediate neighbor to the left, who lived there with his girlfriend. I decided to knock on their door in the hopes that they could lend me a flashlight so that I wouldn't be so helpless.
As their door opened, my dark-adjusted eyes were blasted by the blinding light of several massive candles. The perks of having a woman in the home, no doubt!
It was the girlfriend who had opened the door, and she was stunning. Her curly blond hair bobbed as she smiled at me. Her t-shirt hugged her tits perfectly and cut-off before reaching her midriff, revealing a flat stomach and a tight body.
"Oh hey," said her boyfriend as he joined her at the door and told her who I was. "Everything alright?"
"Actually," I replied, "I can't see a thing. I was wondering if I could borrow a flashlight or something."
"Awwww, don't be silly," the girlfriend interjected. "Come in and join us, we'll get through this storm together!"
They introduced themselves as Brianna and Ben, welcomed me into their home, and brought me a beer. We chatted for a few minutes as we got to know each other a little better.
Eventually there was a lull in the conversation, causing me to become aware that I might be interrupting something. The flickering candles created shadowy silhouettes on the walls, and the scent they emitted added to the sensual ambiance.
The last thing they probably wanted was me here, so I should probably gracefully exit so as not to overstay.
I guess I drank the beer they gave me a little too quickly, as my next comment was probably a little too forward: "You guys probably want to get it on, and I should probably get some sleep..."
They laughed it off and told me not to worry.
"Speaking of getting it on though," Ben exclaimed, tilting his head towards the common wall that our apartments shared. "It sure sounds like you're no stranger to that!"
My eyes widened with embarrassment. They could hear me when I brought girls home?!
"Aww, don't be embarrassed!" Brianna asserted, as she admonished her boyfriend for bringing this up. "I think you should be proud...The girls sound very pleased!"
The three of us had a good laugh, before Brianna got serious for a moment and asked me if she could ask a personal question. I nodded.
She said she couldn't remember a single instance of wall-banging that didn't result in a resoundingly loud orgasm from my partner.
"Did they all come from sex?" she wanted to know. "Because I was of the impression that some girls don't come just from vaginal sex."
I told her as far as I knew, all girls did. But I sensed some uneasiness from the couple in front of me now.
"Okay, here's where I'm coming from," she elaborated. "I actually have never come from vaginal sex, only oral, and I thought there were a lot of girls like that."
"Yeah man," Ben piped up. "Tell us your secret man!"
I didn't really know what my secret was. I didn't have any special skills from what I knew. But I was particularly well-endowed. I suggested that was the only thing I could think of.
"A bigger dick," Brianna inquired skeptically. "That's it??"
"Well, girls have told me the upward curve of it along with the size is a real pleaser," I replied. "That's really all I can say."
"Show it to us!" Brianna requested.
"Er, what?" Ben chimed in, perhaps a little jealous that his girlfriend wanted to see another man's cock.
"Oh, don't be such a prude," Brianna rolled her eyes. "It's just a dick! I'm curious if this guy's just yanking our chain, or if there's some secret we should find out so we can improve our own sex life!"
Ben reluctantly seemed to give in to the curiosity, as they both turned to me expectantly. I felt a little bit on the spot, but I also felt like they had been very hospitable and so I owed them something.
"Fine," I said, as I stood up and started unzipping. "But I'm not doing this alone. If I'm getting naked, we all are." I took off my clothes but left my boxers on until I saw that they were willing to comply.
They looked at each other, shrugged, and began to undress. Brianna raised the mini-T up over her head, revealing a beautiful pair of C-cups that suited her body perfectly. Her perfect, light-brown nipples were hard, but I couldn't tell if it was because the electric heating was off or because she was turned on.
Ben removed his shirt and started unbuckling his belt. He was not exactly a gym rat, with a paunch that suggested that he also ate whatever he wanted. He lowered his pants and underwear at the same time revealing a little dong that barely protruded past his untended pubes. The shadow cast by his belly in the candlelight along with his lengthy pubes also made it very difficult to see his balls at all.
Brianna made quick work of her shorts, and was now in the process of lowering her panties. As she bent down I got an amazing look at her cleavage. Her boobs hung low and knocked each other as she stepped out of her panties to reveal a neatly- trimmed bush. I badly wanted to see her ass, but I thought it might be rude to ask her to her around.
"Okay, let's see what you got!" Brianna exclaimed.
I lowered my boxers and stood tall to give them the view they wanted. Brianna gasped. Even Ben was wide-eyed as they stared at my member together. My large dong was slowly swinging from side to side due to my recent movements, in turn alternatively revealing each of my testicles. It didn't hurt the contrast between Ben and I that I kept my pubes neatly trimmed and maintained a 6-pack of abs.
"Oh wow," Brianna yelped. "Okay, that is big."
"It's not that big," Ben insisted, as he recovered and looked at it nonchalantly.
"Oh come on, it's like twice the size of yours," she countered.
"Twice? No way. Besides, I'm a grower, not a show-er. There's no way he's twice me if we were fully erect."
"Okay, let's find out then," Brianna offered.
"Er, what?" Ben stammered.
"Well, yeah," Brianna retorted. "I didn't get all naked and stuff to see some floppy dick. I want to see the curve and size he talked about that gets all these women off."
She had him there. That had been what she had wanted to see.
"But I'll tell you what," she offered, turning to Ben. "If you also get hard, and you show yourself to be more than half his length, I'll blow you and swallow your load right now in front of him. Haven't you been telling me how badly you want me to swallow your cum?"
"But if he is twice your size or more," she continued, "then let me and him have a quick fuck. Let me find out if I can cum from a cock, instead of just a tongue or finger."
Ben considered. I could tell he was enticed by the idea of getting to fire his millions of mini-he's down his girl's throat, but at the same time he had a disturbing chance at some serious humiliation if he didn't measure up.
He hesitated.
"Okay, look," Brianna compromised, worried he would say no. "While he fucks me, I'll blow you the entire time. How about that?"
Finally, he was convinced.
"Deal," he accepted.
"Alright, guys," Brianna enthused. "Harden those cocks for me!"
Ben and I began to fondle ourselves. But it was an awkward situation. Three people, each standing a few feet from each other, two of whom trying to get hard under pressure using our own hands, in a cold room. It wasn't easy for either of us.
"Ugh, okay I'll help," Brianna groaned. "Move in closer." She beckoned us to approach her. The two of us moved in closer but Ben was clearly bothered by the idea.
"I'm not sure I'm comfortable about this," he said as his girl reached for my cock.
"Relax," she chided. "It's not like I haven't felt dicks before. I did have a life before you, you know!"
She put her hand around Ben's dick and balls and began to massage them, shutting him up. I couldn't see them anymore, as the entire package fit neatly into her palm as she continued her circular motion.
Meanwhile, with her other hand she wrapped her fingers around my dick as much as she could and began to stroke it. It hardened to her touch. My cock began to become very erect, very fast.
"Your penis is indeed enormous," she acknowledged, with a smile and a wink. "And yeah, I suspect that curve is very helpful."
She then turned to face Ben whose shrunken member was still on the soft side.
"Looks like we need a little more help on this side," she said, lowering herself to her knees.
She began to stroke his cock with her index finger and thumb, and moved her face in closer. He moaned as she put her lips round his dick and began to move her head up and down. His penis thickened and lengthened as she worked it with her mouth.
"Okay," she slurped. "That should do it! Shall we measure now?"
I took a quick glance at our members to size up the competition. It was going to be close. While Ben's width was maybe only a third of mine, his length had grown significantly thanks to the sucking his girl had just given him, and so I couldn't tell if I was twice as long.
"Hey, not fair!" I exclaimed. "Mine would get bigger too if I got the same treatment he did!"
"You're right," Brianna conceded, before Ben could object. She kept one hand on his groin while she used her other to guide my wand towards her face, and proceeded to put her lips on my manhood.
Whereas she was able to fit his entire erection in her mouth, in my case she struggled just to envelop the head of my dick. She continued stroking Ben as she slowly acclimated to my engorged member by accepting more and more of it into her gaping jaws.
"Maybe that's good enough now?" Ben inquired, as I began to moan.
"Oh, I haven't forgotten about you," Brianna responded, taking her mouth off my cock and putting it back on his. "Don't worry!"
She continued to take turns sucking our cocks, while leaving behind a hand to continue to stroke the rod she wasn't mouthing. I could tell she was enjoying this, even though she pretended she was only helping us out.
Every time she changed which cock she sucked on, she would pull us in an inch or two closer. After a few more turns, our cocks were close enough that she could have rubbed them together.
"I've always wanted to control two cocks at once," she admitted, as she brought them together and began to take them both into her mouth at once.
She flicked her tongue across both of our slits, generating some drops of precum from at least one of us. I couldn't tell who the precum came from, but I could feel the texture of the wetness on my cock change a little bit!
As she continued to slurp on our dongs, I could feel myself approaching the point of no return. Judging from Ben's body language he was in the same place I was, when she abruptly stopped.
"Okay, now are you both ready?" she asked.
Ben and I nodded in agreement as she got up off her knees and went for the measuring tape.
From what I could tell, I had a pretty good chance of winning. My cock looked more than twice as long as his to me. Sure enough, the tape proved this to be the case.
"Wow, impressive!" exclaimed Brianna, as she noted the results. She consoled her boyfriend, who was clearly upset, telling him it was no big deal.
"Alright, let's do this!" she suggested.
She had Ben lie down, and got in between his legs so she could access his groin, and stuck her butt out at me so I could penetrate her garden. Her ass was as sexy as I had imagined: nice and tight and bubbly.
Her pussy was glistening in the candlelight. I could smell her juices, as the activities leading up to this moment had clearly turned her on.
I pressed my erection against her pussy lips, moving it around her slit and clit to tease her as she moaned with pleasure. I saw her begin to suck off her man, as she responded to my vaginal massage by twerking against me.
"Mmmm," she sighed, as I slowly penetrated her tight twat. I now had the head of my snake inside her, and gently pressed forward for more.
She continued to bob her head up and down Ben's pecker, causing him to drop his head back and close his eyes. I grabbed ahold of her hips and pushed my entire sausage into her cavern. Her untested tunnel slowly gave way as she yelped in pain or pleasure or both?
At first, I went slowly as her box got used to my engorged girth. As I felt her beaver relax, I began to speed up. Ben was now grunting as he was ready to cum. Brianna deftly pulled her mouth off of him and turned his dick to the side just as he fired his load, a few drops of semen, out of his pipe.
Brianna was now crying with pleasure as my strokes were fast, deep and furious.
"Ah, ah, ah, ah," she screamed with each thrust. Ben had raised himself up by his elbows and was watching us as she was now completely ignoring him while I pounded her.
"Oh my God, I'm going to come, so harrrrrrrrd", she yelled as I continued to hammer at her muffin. Eventually, her screams reached a crescendo that had me worried about the windows.
Her body began to vibrate as she screeched with pleasure. I pumped as fast as I could, as I felt my balls tighten. I filled her with my syrup, as I felt stream after stream pour out of me as her body went limp.
I felt myself soften inside her, so I pulled it out as she cooed and fell face first into Ben's stomach, startling him.
"Oh sorry, honey," she apologized, patting him. "Did you enjoy that?
"Er, I guess so," he stammered, as his shrinking manhood retreated into its hair-cave. But he explained that he was a little uncomfortable by the fact that I had made his girl cum when he couldn't.
"Awww, don't worry about that," Brianna consoled. She let him know that he could always make her cum with his tongue, and that gave her a lot of pleasure. She suggested that instead of feeling bad about it, he should just make her cum right now.
Before he could object, she slid her groin onto his face and began to slowly gyrate, encouraging him to probe her with his tongue. He dutifully licked her from clit to slit as she began to moan with pleasure.
She didn't forget me though. She beckoned me to stand in front of her, where she could access my dangling cock while her boyfriend licked her pussy.
She started to kiss my stomach while she grabbed my ass cheeks with her hands. Then she lowered her head and started kissing the base of my penis all the way to its tip. She then raised my dick and took turns licking and sucking my balls.
By now I was starting to re-stiffen. I watched her lick my sword now from the tip to the base, all while her man was pleasuring her clam with his tongue. I could see glops of my manjuice start to spill out of her muff and into his open mouth.
She began to stroke my big, hard cock with both her hands while she massaged my tip with her tongue. I reached down and grabbed her breasts and began to gently massage them. She looked up at me and smiled as she caressed my balls with one of her hands.
She started to moan with pleasure as her boyfriend was getting her off. She didn't miss a beat when it came to my meat, however, as she was now clutching it with both hands and stroking it with her mouth. I figured she was able to get almost half my cock in her mouth with each stroke. Combined with the two-handed strokes she was giving me on the other half of my cock, it was an intensely pleasurable experience.
Her sighs and moans became stronger as she got close. She began to speed up her head movements on my cock. I think she was trying to make us cum at the same time. I grabbed her head and slightly pushed my groin forward with each of her strokes.
It wasn't long before I felt my balls tighten for the second time that night. She looked up at me with those beautiful eyes as I fired round after round of my seed down her obliging throat.
She then began to cum herself, as she clutched my hips and moaned with pleasure as her boyfriend peaked her with his tongue.
"Thanks, Ben," she sighed, as she slid off of him and lay down on the sofa. Then, turning to me she said, "I have never, ever come like that before. Thank you!"
"My pleasure," I returned.
In a few minutes, the lights turned back on and I headed back to my place after getting dressed. I fell asleep almost immediately, which was a very good thing considering what happened the next day...