After spending the evening taking care of my girlfriend Lindsay's house and pool, I discovered that she and her husband, Ron had been watching me skinny-dipping via their internet security cameras while they were on vacation in South Carolina. When I got home, I sat down (still nude) in front of my computer and checked my email.
There was one from Lindsay, with a private link to a You Tube video of me at her home, sipping wine on the patio wearing only my panties and bra, going back into the house, stripping off my clothes, going out to the pool area again, and then going for the aforementioned nude swim. My initial thought was, "I look really good naked," and then, "but my backstroke needs some work." I also realized that the video was pure voyeur material with little to no eye contact, obviously because I had no idea I was on camera or where the cameras were. Or that I was being recorded.
Since the weekend was here and I had the next day off, I texted a very close girlfriend from work (her name is Debbie) to see if she wanted to get together for an afternoon barbecue at Lindsay and Ron's house and a dip in their pool. I explained that since my pool was still under renovation and I was house-watching for them, I had their permission to sun, swim, and consume large quantities of wine from their refrigerator. Although Debbie didn't know Lindsay or Ron, she loved to swim and was a huge fan of wine.
With not much else on her agenda - her husband was overseas on a long business trip and they had no children living at home - Debbie enthusiastically agreed to join me. The weather forecast for mid-90-degree temperatures also may have influenced her.
It's worth mentioning that although Debbie is 45 years old and has had a couple of children, she still has a fabulous hourglass figure with dancer's legs, a full bosom, and - I've overheard guys at the office say this - "a really nice ass." I'd never say this out loud but she does have the ass I wish I had! It must have been all that dancing she did at the theme parks when she was younger.
However, since Debbie is also somewhat of a prude, she rarely flaunts any of her attributes, other than occasionally plopping her breasts on the conference room table when she leans forward to listen to what someone is saying. And she always dresses business conservatively.
The next afternoon, Debbie parked her car at my house and we took mine for the short drive over to Lindsay and Ron's. Debbie wore shorts and a tank top and had a bikini on underneath. I was in a T-shirt and shorts with no bra. Debbie probably assumed I kept a swimsuit at Lindsay's because I told Debbie I had been there the night before and had gone for a dip in the pool. I didn't tell her I had dipped fully nude.
As we slowly drove up to the front door, I made a mental note of the two security cameras overlooking the entrance. One had a full view of the front door and the other looked out from the house to where I was about to park my car. I made sure that the car was centered in the camera's field of view.
I picked up the mail, opened the front door, turned off the alarm, and we went inside.
"Wow, it's hot in here," said Debbie.
"They keep the AC on 80 when they're not home," I replied. "We'll be more comfortable sitting outside with the ceiling fans on."
We went into the kitchen where I got a couple of glasses from the cabinet and a bottle of merlot from the fridge. I poured each of us a glass and we toasted sunshine and friendship.
It was then that I told her there were security cameras everywhere, but Ron self-monitored them so it wasn't like the whole world could see us. She didn't seem to mind. In fact, she commented that it made her feel safer.
While I checked around the house to make sure everything was okay, Debbie was busily tossing the nice green salad she had brought for lunch. She had stripped down to her bikini, draping her shirt and shorts over a chair.
"Smile for Ron and Lindsay," I said. "We're on camera."
Debbie laughed.
"It's no big deal. I wear this bikini to the beach and at the Y pool all the time. There's even a few of me in this string on my Facebook page."
"Oh, that's right," I said.
I spotted another one of the cameras under the cabinet above the refrigerator. I'm sure that when Ron viewed the security footage from the kitchen, he would enjoy the sight of Debbie removing her clothes, even if she didn't take everything off.
"Is it always this hot in here when you come over?" asked Debbie. She was visibly perspiring.
"Always," I replied, "But I have a secret to tell you, Debbie."
Debbie took another sip of wine and her ears perked up. She loved secrets.
"What?"
I pulled my T-shirt off over my head and draped it over one of the kitchen chairs. My breasts moved freely now and my nipples were erect. Then, I undid the button on my shorts and slipped them off. I wasn't wearing panties.
"It's always so hot here, I don't wear anything when I come over."
Debbie almost spit up her wine. Her eyes widened and she stammered a bit. "Oh, I...you didn't say...I didn't know that! And you don't care if the owner sees you naked?"
"Ron and Lindsay saw me last night."
Debbie didn't quite know what to make of that. I took another sip of merlot, put my glass on the kitchen table, and winked at the security camera. "If it bothers you, I can cover up with a towel. I don't have a bikini here."
"No, no!" she said, taking a rather long sip of wine from her glass. "You dress - or undress - however you like." She took another sip of wine. "But aren't you afraid their neighbors might see you?"
"Not a chance," I replied. "The house windows are coated with a material that deflects the sun and also makes it impossible to see inside. And they have a 10-foot high wall surrounding the pool and patio area."
"Oh," said Debbie squirming a little on her lounge chair. "So, you will be nude the whole time we're here?"
I smiled. "Only if you don't object."
She didn't.
We cooked a couple of hamburgers on the grill and boiled some corn for lunch, which went nicely with the salad. As the afternoon got hotter, we decided to stay outside on the back porch in a pair of lounge chairs sipping glasses of merlot and chatting about everything under the sun.
By now, we'd both used a lot of sunscreen and consumed a considerable amount of merlot. I was feeling very mellow. I noticed that Debbie staggered a bit when she got up to refill her now-empty wine glass and her bikini bottom stuck to the back of her chair.
"I can see why you'd go around wearing nothing in this heat," said Debbie, slurring some of her words.
"It's worse at night, especially with the humidity," I replied.
Debbie reached up behind her back, pulled the string on her bikini top and let it fall off into her lap.
Stunned that my prudish co-worker was now walking around topless outdoors, I shouted "Debbie!" and pointed to one of the pool area security cameras. It was looking directly at us.
Debbie jiggled her 36C boobs side to side and blew a kiss in the direction of the camera.
When Debbie sat back down with her wine, her boobs bounced noticeably. She took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. She sighed noticeably.
Then, she drank the entire glass of wine I had just poured for her.
"You have to promise not to tell my husband."
Her slurring got worse.
"Promise what?" I asked.
Debbie undid the strings on her bikini bottom, took it off and tossed it and her top into the pool. I never expected her to be completely shaved down there!
"Oopsy!" she said, feigning surprise. "I think I'm drunk and nude outside now."
She jumped into the shallow end of the pool, splashed around a bit, and slowly made her way back out to the lounge chairs.
Then, Debbie pointed her index finger at me. "You have to promise me you won't tell my husband I got drunk and took my bikini off outside, went skinny dipping, and blew a kiss at a security camera being watched by some guy and his wife that I don't even know who."
Debbie's speech and her correct use of grammar were both very slurred right now. Then, she lay back in her lounger and began fingering the nipples of her breasts with one hand while rubbing her clit with the other! I didn't expect her to do that!
"Debbie, you do know you're being watched and recorded," I said, trying to be sure there was no doubt in her mind that she was masturbating on camera.
"Who cares? I don't know them!"
Debbie had three fingers inside herself now.
"My husband has been away so long and this feels sooooo gooood!"
When it's this hot, everyone in the neighborhood keeps their windows closed and their air conditioners running so that their houses stay cool and comfortable. At that moment, I was hoping that no one was sitting outside because in a short while Debbie was moaning very, very loudly, culminating in one of the the loudest orgasms ever recorded.
I have to admit, the whole thing got me very turned on. Debbie, meanwhile, seemed to have exhaust herself. She had passed out on her lounge chair, her fingers still inside her.
A moment later, I got a text message. It was from Lindsay's husband, Ron.
RON: Lindsay took the kids to the play place they have here at the hotel. I'm in the room. Saw the whole thing. I should go clean up. Smiley face. Smiley face. Smiley face. But I have a feeling, the second act is about to start. Smiley face. Smiley face. Smiley face.
I rubbed my clit, took a selfie from the waist down, and texted it to him with a message:
ME: You're so right! Smiley face. Smiley face. Smile face.
Awhile later, Debbie woke up. We both cooled off in the pool, enjoying the spa jets for some hands free play. When it was time to go home, I suggested, just for fun that we drive back to my place naked. Debbie agreed. We both left our clothes at Lindsay and Ron's, enjoyed the naked car ride home, and agreed to come back to my girlfriend's pool the next day for more wine, more sun, and more personal fun!