A mature sexy woman looks for an opportunity to show
NOTICE: Copyright © 2021 - This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This is the continuation of the journey of a man and a woman trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In Part 1, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean a year ago proved life-changing and marriage saving. The flame ignited in that trip began to burn a bit hotter each day since. Now this couple wants to explore new erotic adventures and see where this road takes them...
(This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you. Follow this couple as they explore new erotic adventures and see where this road takes them)
If you haven't read, "An Unmastered Wife's Re-Awakening" or the previous chapter, I suggest that you do so prior to this...
------------------------
The taxi dropped Edward and Susan in front of the Lobby as they arrived at the Resort late morning. It was a high-end, all-inclusive, self-contained resort with many rooms, several restaurants and bars, including bars on the beach, its own theater where they had nightly shows. A disco was on the property as well as shops for clothes, souvenirs, cigars, rum, etc.
The Lobby, as expected, was buzzing with activity, with people coming and going, and others checking in and checking out. Edward looked around taking in how immaculately beautiful the lobby was. He also noticed many ladies moving about dressed in sexy tropical dresses and tiny bikinis. They looked really hot and he could not wait to see his wife in similar attire.
While waiting to check in, they met a couple from New Jersey. Stan worked as a contractor in the construction industry and Janet worked as a teacher's aid. Edward thought they were nice, although a bit uptight. They were not travel savvy and because this was their first time out of the country and first visit at an all-inclusive resort, they had no idea what they should do. Edward gave a few suggestions as they waited for their turn to check in and then helped them through the process.
Before they separated, Susan suggested they meet up later to have a drink together on the beach or at the pool bar.
Check-in went quickly and smoothly and their assigned butler escorted them to their room, which happened to be the room Edward had requested - the same one they had in their very memorable last trip a year ago. The butler dropped their bags and showed them around the room and then left.
Susan turned to Edward and gave him a long kiss. "So here we are..."
********
It had been a year since Susan lit the fuse that re-ignited the passion within their marriage. Since their last trip to Punta Cana to this same resort, they had discussions on how they might expand on their previous holiday at this same resort and they had a lot of the fun in the weeks leading up to this holiday. And talking about the different scenarios, role-playing, and just having fun with their fantasies, Susan became a different woman. And because their sexy time improved, it put a much-needed jolt into their sex life.
Edward was very forthcoming and consistent when role-playing. He was not into bondage, S&M, or anything really kinky. In his fantasy world, his wife was the exhibitionist, and he was the voyeur. His sole fetish was to watch his wife. In his fantasy world, Edward found great pleasure in scenarios exhibiting his wife, and reveling in the 'fantasy' attention she received.
This fantasy allowed him to once again see his wife as a sexy and desirable woman. He also found that his pleasure intensified when his 'fantasy' wife defied conventional thinking and stretched the traditional expectations of marriage bonds and explored certain taboos. He couldn't explain why the edginess of such a scenario thrilled him. Perhaps it was the thought of his wife shedding her uptight conservative ways and becoming a free spirit. Or perhaps he was eroticizing the feelings of jealousy and uncertainty.
But he had to introduce his wife to a whole new way of thinking.
To keep the fire alive and to further his fantasy, he read studies that suggested many people get a mental health boost from wearing nice lingerie in everyday life, boosting confidence and self-esteem, even if no one sees it. So he started by buying Susan new lacy push-up bras and panties. He always loved thigh highs and garters, so he added those as well. Then he purchased a few pieces of tasteful but sexy lingerie.
Although Susan protested at first, believing it 'weird' for a man to purchase clothes for a woman, she appeased her husband by wearing them solely in the bedroom. But Edward was persistent. In addition to role-playing in the friendly confines of the bedroom, he cajoled her into wearing those pieces when they ventured out in the 'real world.' And although Susan sulked, was embarrassed and could barely go through with it, she did acquiesce and on occasion eventually wore some pieces out to dinner or at parties.
Knowing his wife was wearing sexy underthings at gatherings with friends was thrilling for Edward, even if no one else knew. It spurred him further.
He bought her a couple of dresses that were shorter than she would usually wear. He bought her a pair of strappy high heels, a short skirt, and a couple of low cut tops. These pieces were not slutty or trashy, but fashionably sexy. Although Susan objected to her husband trying to force her into clothes she considered too risqué for a woman in her 40's, Edward pressed on.
He wanted his wife to be more adventurous, but Susan's conservative upbringing had not left her and she found it difficult to match his enthusiasm for what she considered too kinky for her comfort. But because she loved him so much, she endeavored to go along with his wishes when she could and reluctantly agreed to wear the new additions to her wardrobe, but only where no one knew her --out of town or on holiday.
And her efforts did not go unnoticed or without gratitude. It turned him on so much watching his cute, shy, reserved wife re-discover her sexy, naughty side.
Wanting to continue the journey that started the previous year, Edward and Susan planned another holiday to the same high-end resort in Punta Cana. It was adults only, so they knew it would be romantic and there would be no families with children to contend with. Both Edward and Susan were very much looking forward to this vacation, both to relax and to continue what was started the year before.
Deep down Susan also wanted to explore her sexuality more. Their lovemaking sessions leading up to their trip included discussions about her going topless, other men watching her, and maybe even pushing the limits a little more. She felt tingles as she role-played and fantasized. She knew they both really got off on the anticipation... and the possibilities of what would happen next. She also thought often about that time in the hot tub.
She asked for Edward's advice of which clothes to pack. Edward loved it as Susan tried on new outfits for him and allowed him to offer suggestions. Susan quickly realized Edward's suggestions had one theme...SEXY!!
The dresses he voted for her to take with her were her sexiest ones. Shorter and lower cut, all either with halter or spaghetti strap tops. She chose to pack her lacy and thong panties and her lacy bras only... no cotton panties and no every day bras.
She bought new strappy high heels that accentuated her long legs and just made her feel sexier.
There was no doubt; Edward and Susan were getting hot thinking of the possibilities that lay ahead on this holiday.
Then Susan thought about her husband's claimed desire to see her tease and flirt with other men. Was he actually being sincere? And really, how far would he 'allow' her to go? Certainly he would object to anything beyond innocent flirting, wouldn't he? Then what was his limit?
And just as important, could she allow herself to devolve into a hussy? And what washerlimit? She couldn't actually flirt with another man right in front of her husband, could she?
The reality was, she was curious to find out his limits, as well as her own.
-----------------------------
After a quick change in their room, they set out for the beach. It was past noon and the beach was quite crowded. Numerous sun loungers were lined up in rows under the shade of palm-thatched palapas on the beach. Fortunately, they found a couple leaving and secured the empty palapa with two sun loungers in the second row -- not the 'prime' spot they hoped, but good considering their later arrival.
Susan felt a small thrill run through her as she readied herself for her unveiling. It had been a year since she shed a lot of her body image issues and wore a bikini for the first time since before kids. And she actually couldn't wait to experience that same euphoric sensations once again.
Edward watched as his wife peeled off her cover-up, defiantly exposing her body clad in her new red bikini. She looked confident and her skin radiated in the afternoon sun. Edward smiled proudly. She had come a long way in a year.
As they set up and got settled into their sun-loungers, Edward looked around and noticed the people around them. Many were reading or chatting in groups. Because it was an adults-only resort, most were couples.
Immediately, his heart dropped because he could not find any ladies sunbathing topless. That was why they were back here. He wanted a repeat of last year, when his wife finally acquiesced to his incessant badgering and removed her top. And he knew that Susan would no doubt be reluctant to remove her top if no one else was sunbathing topless. She just wasn't that kind of woman -- more of a 'follower' than a 'leader.'
He did not say a word, just closed his eyes. It was their first day after all and there would be other opportunities for Susan to hopefully 'surprise' him. Yet, he could not get the fantasy vision out of his head of his wife dramatically reaching around, untying, and throwing her bikini top to him.
Susan looked around. She too scanned the surrounding sun loungers and did not see anyone else topless. She felt a wave of disappointment. Disappointed because she wanted to push her typical boundaries; disappointed because she wanted to re-create the feelings she had the year before; and disappointed because she knew how much Edward was looking forward to a sexy holiday, and she did not want to disappoint him.
She closed her eyes and thought back. It had been a year since she doffed her top and sunbathed topless. Although completely out of character for her, she grudgingly discovered she enjoying being topless. She recalled how liberated and sexy it made her feel. For the first time since her late 20's before kids, she felt confident, sexy and comfortable with her body. She began to believe what Edward had been saying; that other men saw her as a sexy 'mature' woman.
And there was something inside her telling her she needed this. It was intoxicating - she enjoyed the attention, it stoked her ego.
But as much as she wanted to, she simply could not get beyond her discomfort with being the only one who would be topless at the beach.
She hated herself for being so indecisive.
Edward saw her looking around. Knowing her for so many years and sensing her nervousness, Edward attempted to relieve her trepidation.
"Sweetheart, I think I know what you're thinking. I know you feel uncomfortable. We have another five days to enjoy ourselves. Let's just relax and see what happens."
Susan smiled and seemed relieved. She was not a spur-of-the-moment girl and needed time to think. She grabbed a magazine and started to thumb through it.
Secretly, Edward indeed felt disappointment. He came here in the hopes to see his wife topless on a public beach again, and to see how 'experienced' Susan would respond. And he was convinced that Susan would be even more reluctant now, particularly after she had been 'introduced' to other fellow vacationers.
But they were here to relax and re-charge from their professional and work duties and he was not going to let this little moment ruin their vacation. He looked out to the sea. The water was a beautiful turquoise blue-green. The sand, soft and white. This was truly a tropical paradise.
Edward closed his eyes and soaked in the warm sun, gentle breeze, and sound of the waves. In the days leading up to this holiday, the scenario played within his mind. He knew the seed was planted and he just needed to wait for it to take root. He knew his wife; if he pushed harder, trying to convince his wife to go topless, he would have pissed her off. So, he waited...patiently.
They eventually struck up casual conversations with the couples sitting next to them, discussing careers, travel, sports, and a number of other topics. This was typical for them. They loved meeting people from all over the world.
But selfishly, Edward knew the downside to meeting new people would be further reluctance on the part of Susan to repeat last year. He knew Susan only felt comfortable sunbathing topless when she did not know other people.
*********
Edward opened his eyes, his restful slumber interrupted as he found his wife pulling her sun lounger across the sand. It was now late afternoon, and the early travel and flights had taken its toll.
"Hey there...sorry for waking you. I just wanted to get some sun," Susan said. She positioned her chaise into the sun, and put her towel down. Edward watched as she gave a little smirk while reaching around to the back of her bikini. Edward thought this might be the moment              he had been waiting for! As if in slow motion, she began slowly pulling at the string in the back. His mouth fell open, waiting, staring with captivated eyes.
But just as the knot came undone, Susan held her top up until she laid on the chaise facedown. Then she untied the other tie around her neck and tossed it in the beach bag.
"Would you put sunscreen on my back please?"
Edward jumped up and grabbed the sunscreen. He nervously squeezed a large amount into his palm and began spreading it all over her shoulders, arms, and back.
"Mmmmm, THAT feels good!"
Edward continued massaging the cream down her legs and then up along her sides.
"Do you want me to do your front?" Edward asked, as he brushed against her side-boob, hoping she would turn over.
Susan smiled and popped up on her elbows and rolled slightly to her side. "I just want to get some sun on my back," she said teasing Edward with quick peaks of her nipples.
"I like how you are teasing me. Are The Girls coming out to play today?"
Susan knew that Edward wanted her to roll over. She looked around and still did not see any other women nearby sunning topless. The reality was, she wanted to as well - something inside her told her sheneededto show her breasts. She felt intoxicated by the attention and the liberating sensation of blatantly flaunting them was exhilarating.
Could she be the first? She wanted to be THAT sexy woman, but there were little things holding her back. As much as she wanted to leave her mom shell and just be that 'bad girl' again, her conservative upbringing moved to the forefront, and she simply lay back down on the lounger, frustrated and confused.
A few minutes later, a server came over to take a drink order.
As the young man walked to the bar to fill the drink request, Edward looked at his wife who had pulled a five-dollar bill out of her beach bag. She appeared to be deep in thought, nervously biting her lip, and fidgeting. Was she thinking the same dirty thoughts? Was she going to re-create the scene from a year ago?
Although Edward was thrilled with her wearing this bikini and the recently newfound confidence of his wife, Edward remained lusting for something more. And that "something" could be as innocent as an accidental flash, or her flirting with another man at a bar, or even something more.
Edward took a giant step when he confessed some of his fantasies to Susan in the days leading up to their holiday. However, he believed they would remain...just fantasies. Susan would never do such things - she would consider it cheating, or against her moral and/or religious beliefs.
"Go on, go for it. Nobody knows you here!"Susan thought to herself. She had never told Edward, but she had been thinking, no fantasizing, of this moment, kicking it around in her head for weeks. Could she give into temptation now? Should she let her raging thoughts take over? The more she debated this, the more confused and frustrated she got.
And then something happened which cemented her decision and changed the entire course of the day. As she pondered on her feelings, she looked at her husband. She expected him to plead and beg and do anything to force her into something to appease his sordid fantasies. But instead, he merely smiled and winked at her, telling her, "You look absolutely fantastic sweetheart! I love you so much!!"
At that moment, Susan wanted nothing more than to make her husband happy; even if it was something she was uncomfortable with. He was the one who asked her to explore things that most would consider inappropriate or even bordering on the obscene. He seemed consumed by the need to see his wife act naughty. It was the primary reason she had relented on wearing a bikini in the first place. It was the reason she first removed her bikini top on this very beach last year, then handed her husband her bikini top, before parading around the beach topless.
But after all that, he was still allowing her to go at her own pace. He was not forcing her into anything. SHE was in control -- and she found that quite stimulating.
Her thoughts were interrupted as the server returned with the drinks. Spontaneously and without further debate, Susan flipped over."Oh my god, I am actually doing this!"She whispered to herself.
And there she was! Edward sat as if hypnotized. It was so sudden, so unexpected! But there was his beautiful wife; lying sunny-side up, her tits on display for the young man - and for anyone else on this public beach that cared to look!!
Meanwhile, Susan felt euphoric, as if a gallon of endorphins was released into her body. She looked down at her chest. Her nipples pointed outward, proud and strong. Immediately Susan felt both nervous excitement and a sense of accomplishment.
The bad girl' won! No longer was she feeling self-conscious. No longer was she concerned of what others thought. She felt free. She felt liberated. She felt sexy!
As the young man tentatively placed the drinks on the table, Susan could see his eyes darting to her chest. She smiled, handed him the tip and thanked him. The man bowed without saying a word before nervously shuffling to the next palapa.
Susan turned to her husband, winking slyly and suggestively. "You don't think he noticed, do you?"
Edward was in shock that his normally conservative wife had suddenly created eroticism heretofore unexpected. As the only one topless on this beach, he felt ready to explode. It was as if his senses were heightened and they were all focused between his legs. This was truly a fantasy come true for him. He moved his hand down and started to touch himself, tugging and pulling on his board shorts, providing temporary relief for his ever-growing bulge.
Susan looked around feeling somewhat emboldened. Wearing a bikini instead of a one-piece bathing suit on a public beach was a big step for Susan, or for any middle-aged woman. She actually felt rejuvenated wearing it. It not only made her feel good, but it also injected some much-needed self-confidence.
But now, succumbing to her hidden internal desire to remove her bikini top, ironically, her self-confidence soared. Who knew removing her top on a public beach could give her such a feeling of empowerment?
She turned to her husband. "Are you staring at me?"
Edward smiled at her sweet innocent comment, "Couldn't help it, you look gorgeous."
She noticed a man walking along the beach staring at her. As he passed, he nodded and smiled approvingly. A warm feeling overcame her initial reticence. She'd always been too shy to want to be noticed. But having another man once again see parts of her body that would normally be considered indecent, obscene, or risqué sent an unexpected tingle through her body. As much as she tried to deny it, she finally accepted the realization that other guys were appreciative of her body.
And just like last year, Susan felt her arousal coming to the forefront, feeling herself getting wet, and her nipples hardening.
She once again turned to her husband, and sighed in a sexy, suggestive way, "Hey honey, do you mind rubbing some sunscreen on my chest?"
This holiday just got strikingly hotter...
To be continued...