"I'm getting tired of them Allen," I complain as I enter my house "Why do they have to stare?"
He doesn't say much, he just sits there at his desk looking at me. "What happened this time?" his smooth voice says to me.
That voice alone is all I need to soothe me, that and some other things...but, back to the matter at hand. "They were whispering about me again when I walked down the block." I hang my keys up and frown like a spoiled child.
He toys with his cuff-links and I get a peek of those lovely tattooed arms of his, yes my honey has tatted sleeves...so what? He looks away from his computer screen, "Come here" he calls to me, and I willingly oblige. He pats his starched khaki's and I sit like lil' Ms. Muffin herself. "People will always talk about us-everyone isn't ready for us babe. They aren't all approving of this black/white love thing," he cups my chin lovingly and I stare into his warm eyes "you can't let 'em get to you. "
"Did we have to move here?" I whine, "It wasn't like this in San Francisco...."he hates it when I complain. It's one of my more annoying traits.
"Deb, stop it. We only have to be here for four more months, then I promise we can move wherever you like. Now give me a kiss and quit it." He leans in for his kiss and I know I better or else.....
So the next day I'm outside in the garden, planting my bulbs and then they all come out. These stuck up, day glow orange, out of shape skanks. They're sitting on the resident slore-Marissa's-porch and of course I'm their object of interest. They all dislike, I'd even go as far as to say hate me, because I'm hot and I have a sexy husband. When we first moved here I tried to be cordial and all that other stuff to them, but it just wouldn't stick. I hear them talking about my weave (so what, I love to play with my appearance), my butt (it is pretty big and round), I even heard 'em say that I probably don't fuck Allen right....hmmmppphh if they only knew. So you see who the bitches are? Skanks with boring husbands, how is that my fault? Marissa sits on the stairs twirling her bleach-blonde hair, snapping that loud ass gum that she loves so much. Next to her is Amanda, an over-weight crater face, and then there is the midget (she's vertically challenged)-Kay. They're sitting there talking about me, and I swear I even hear a bit of the word "nigger". Now I'm not one to get all violent, but I'm tempted to, who the fuck do they think they are? I am an educated, beautiful, God-fearing woman; I have no time for the low lives! I continue to tend the soil, until I hear my rescue arrive.
It's a lil' before sundown as Allen pulls into the driveway, and comes over kissing me and grabbing my butt at the same time. I can't help but get a lil' wet, and I know those bitches are reeling. Yes!! He helps me up to my full length and then tilts his head to the side, I can't see his eyes behind his aviator shades, but I bet if I could they would be dancing with mischief.
"You trust me?" he says in that hushed tone of his.
I nod my head, "Yes."
"You sure?" he asks this time with a smile forming across his mouth.
Oh boy, I don't know about this one....."Yes, I trust you."
"Let's wash my car, I bet they've never seen the way we wash a car."
My husband hates to wash his car, he always takes it to the car wash or else he'll pay some kids to do it, but him...wash a car? Oh no, this is not making sense, furthermore we've never washed one together.
"The S.U.V.?" I ask making sure.
"No, Deb, the miniature die-cast models I have inside, of course my S.U.V. Now, are you game?" he says as he wipes the sweat from my collarbone, playing with it between his fingertips before licking them. He is so nasty.........
"Mmmhhmmm." I reply. He disappears around the side of the house and I stare at the bitches on the stairs, I stick out my long tongue and then twirl around giving them the weave over the shoulder and a perfect view of my ghetto booty. He returns with the water hose, several buckets, two economy sized sponges and soap. He even has a pair of flip-flops for me, which he bends down on one knee and places on my feet. I steal a glance at the bitches, they're beady eyes are fixed on us. I don't know where he is taking this, but I know that I'm going right there with him.
He presses down on the trigger and begins spraying the car....and me every minute or so. He still has on his shades and I wish I could see his eyes, but I'm betting he is thinking up something. I grab a sponge and dip it into the bucket, wringing the sponge dry when I feel a blast of cold water between my legs. Is he serious? I pop up and look at him.
"You said you trusted me, now play along." He commands.
I feel the water trickling down my legs as I wash the hood of the car in a circular motion. Then I feel another spray of water this time across my chest.
"Guess you gotta' take that off now, don't you?" He says sneakily to me.
My eyes widen in anticipation and fear as I realize what he is up to. Oh my God, I married an exhibitionist! I did say I trusted him though, so I seductively take off my wet baby tee and flaunt my small, but perky b-cup lace clad breasts. I hear them talking above the steady gush of the water. He goes into the car and turns up his sound system.....of all the songs in the world-Brown Sugar by D'Angelo. I am officially in love times 5 with my husband. These skanks were gonna eat grovel when we were through with them. He comes back my way soaking me wet at full force, my hair is dripping, my panties-my everything. He grabs me to him and abandons the water hose somewhere on our driveway. He jerks my cut-off jeans to my ankles and purposefully flings them behind him, probably aiming for Marissa's lawn. I lean back (I have no choice, he pushes me) onto the side door and he lifts me out of my dripping wet panties. Am I really naked in the driveway?
"Still trust me?" he asks behind his shades looking up the length of my body.
I nod shakily, he kisses my thighs open and I hear them again, they're in shock.
"Good, pretend that they aren't there and it's just me and you. Here in the privacy of our home. Fuck 'em." He lifts my leg up and puts it over a shoulder and opens me up for some much needed torture. He licks my wet pussy from top to bottom, alternating between side to side sucking and kissing my clit as loud as he can. I find myself watching the bitches- frozen like statues- while I get my pussy eaten in public.
"Fuck," I exclaim as he puts a finger inside of me, then another, and yet still another. "Owww" I yelp in pleasure when I feel the sweet sting of his index and forefinger smacking down on my swollen clit.
"Louder", he says from between my legs "let 'em wish they were you." He opens me up wider now drawing my entire throbbing pussy into his magical mouth. My hips start gyrating; they're entering the point of no return. Watching him suck the orgasm out of me and still know that we are being watched does amazing things for my climax. I throw my head back, one hand clutching a breast as I ride the stairway to heaven. I float back down and Allen still has on his shades, his lips dripping with my juices. He kisses me, one hand on my hips steadying me from my momentary wobbliness. "More?" he asks.
I drop down to my knees, not touching the gravel, and unbuckle his pants. I need to show them how you really suck a dick. I whip it out with ease, it does belong to me, he wraps a fist around my hair and controls my head. I slurp loudly, sucking on the tip extra hard, even letting him disappear down my throat from time to time. I stare up at him from my place on the floor, he is the man right now; he's still wearing his shades. As the spit falls out the sides of my mouth I wonder briefly: what if they call the cops?
Allen pulls me up and turns me around, pushing me halfway inside of the backseat of the car. "They're enjoying it too much to call the cops babe, now stop thinking so hard. Lemme' do you." With my legs outside the car and my head inside I feel so nasty, so turned on and I feel a victory approaching-they would never bother us ever after this. I feel spit dribbling down my ass crack; did he just eat my ass in front of them? I lose my sense of reason when I feel the large tip of him breach my cunt setting off a mini-orgasm in me. He still pushes in, not stopping until his balls are smacked right against my ass. I hold on and whine back, that's the only thing I can do. I slip my hand between my legs aiming for my clit and meet his hand there at the same time. I wish I could suck his dick again, sometimes I just need a dick in my mouth AND my pussy at the same time.
"Harder", I beg "Fuck me harder. I want it harder." I cry with my head dizzy, and the blood pulsing in my pussy. He zeroes in on me and I feel his dick swelling, spreading my tight, slippery walls apart. I come apart at the seams from the hands on my clit and the sound of his thighs hitting the backs of mine. That crazy wet, sex slapping noise, the sounds that make you feel all tingly inside.
He gets in a couple more strokes before I feel his cum dribbling down my thighs, and then he's leading me out of the car, handing me a towel from inside one of the now discarded buckets. I didn't see that before, he holds my hand in his and zips his pants.
Marissa and her croonies are sitting on the porch dumbfounded, "Now from here on in I would truly appreciate it if you left my wife alone, she's done nothing to you and in due time we will be gone. Now after this evening's free show, why don't you just go fuck yourselves?" They step inside her house, no arguments or anything coming from their direction.
"Thank you for trusting me, now" he asks with his shades off, eyes twinkling with pleasure "Let's go inside and do it again. That was just a test run, let's do it in the living room...with the curtains wide open. I need to make sure that they really get the message."