I'm not insatiable. In fact, I have been satiated on numerous occasions! The issue is that I don't seem to remain satiated for any appreciable length of time.
My husband of five years is well aware of my heightened libido. He knew when we got married that our marriage would have to be a bit outside of normal conventions. We agreed, even while we were dating, that we could both have other sexual partners as long as we were honest with each other. No sneaking around!
In particular, Tommy, my husband, doesn't just want to know about my extramarital activities, if at all possible, he wants to watch!
I love him for this! It gives me the opportunity to express my exhibitionist tendencies and satisfy my craving to be wanted and had by different men, while enabling him to quench his desire to be a voyeur!
A perfect example of how this works for us occurred soon after I passed all four parts of the CPA exam. I had taken a new job with a CPA firm in order to do my two year apprenticeship and become a full-fledged CPA and hopefully, one day, a partner in the firm.
I was so proud of my nice new office on the ground floor. It had three windows looking out onto a peaceful, lightly wooded, park. The large, ornate, oak desk made me feel important and appreciated by the firm's partners, Jack, Paul, and Reece.
Jack and Paul were the senior partners. They were the typical middle-aged businessmen that you would expect to run a CPA firm. While both were friendly enough, their demeanor was very businesslike, and they didn't engage in much small talk.
Having only been made partner a year earlier, Reece, on the other hand, was quite different. He was young, about thirty, and kept in great shape. He had the deepest blue eyes, and when he looked at me, my nether regions would immediately begin to tingle. He was also very friendly and open, always taking the time to chat, if he could.
Being the youngest partner, Reece was given the responsibility to mentor me and make sure that my work was up to the firm's standards. I knew this would be trouble! Since I had joined the firm at the beginning of tax season, there would be many days when we worked late into the evening. Given his good looks and my need for cock, something was bound to happen, and so, it did!
The first incident occurred about a month after I started with the firm. Reece came into my office to update me on which of our clients to prioritize my efforts on for the day. I had been slowly upping the "wow factor" of my attire each day, top a little tighter, neckline a bit deeper, skirt a little tighter and shorter, all in hopes of getting Reece's attention. It worked!
As I leaned forward over my desk to look at the paperwork Reece had presented, I felt my loose blouse fall forward, giving him a perfect view of my C-cup tits contained in a nearly transparent lacy bra.
He stopped speaking in midsentence.
I looked up and saw those beautiful blue eyes staring directly down my blouse and there was a nice pup tent forming in his trousers. I felt my nipples stiffen, adding to his viewing pleasure, and I ached to touch them.
He turned and left abruptly muttering something like "just call my desk if you have any questions."
My work suffered the rest of the day. I couldn't concentrate as my mind kept returning to the encounter we had that morning. I even locked my door and fingered myself to orgasm hoping to get some relief from my out-of-control libido, but to no avail. All I could think about was staring into Reece's blue eyes while he slowly slid his cock into my awaiting pussy.
I didn't see Reece again that day until late in the evening when I returned to my office after taking a short dinner break in the employee lounge. He was sitting at my desk, in my chair, reviewing what I was working on when I left for my break.
"You're doing great work," he stated, "but this letter could be more concise, and still make the client aware of everything that he needs to know", he continued. "Here, let me show you what I mean." He said, grabbing a marker so that we could red line the document.
I came around the desk to join him in reviewing the letter. I leaned over his shoulder and took the marker to begin red lining the statements that he found superfluous. As I leaned over, I felt my mons come in contact with the back of his hand which was resting on the arm of my chair.
I knew he was too embarrassed to remove his hand as this would only bring attention to our awkward position. I decided to take advantage of the situation. I started applying pressure to the back of his hand. Gently, almost imperceptibly, I began rhythmically thrusting my pelvis back and forth.
At first, he seemed to try to ignore this. But I heard his breathing deepen and he stopped what he was doing and looked up at me.
"Turn your hand over." Is all that I said. Then I pulled up the front of my short skirt and pulled the crotch of my panties out the way.
He stared at my glistening bald pussy as he flipped his hand over and extended his middle finger, leaving his hand resting on the arm of my office chair.
I shifted forward until his finger was parting my moist, swollen, pussy lips, and let out a soft groan as my hardened clit rode over the length of his finger.
He didn't move. He just stared, transfixed, as I slowly rode back and forth, back and forth, over his long, extended finger until my body shuddered and I clamped my hand over my mouth to suppress any sound from escaping as I climaxed. I stepped back, leaving his finger and most of his hand coated with my pussy juice.
The room was silent as I took a moment to catch my breath. Then I slid my panties back into place and pulled down my skirt. Turning back to the document I rejoined, "you were saying...,"
"What the fuck?!" Reece exclaimed, smiling. "What are you playing at?!"
"I'm not playing at anything." I retorted. "I just thought we could both use a nice little distraction from work for a couple of minutes." I said with an innocent grin.
"Are you wanting to start an affair with me?" he queried, "because office affairs never end well, I'm sure you know that," he continued.
"An affair? No, I don't want an affair," I stated emphatically. I just want you to fuck me, but not tonight, maybe tomorrow night, how's that sound?"
"It sounds like you're living proof of the accuracy of the Hot Crazy Matrix," Reece said laughing, "and it sounds like I'm going to need about ten minutes of alone time if I'm going to get any more work done tonight," he groaned. With that, he strolled out of my office, once again displaying a nice little pup tent in the front of his trousers.
I couldn't wait to get home and tell Tommy about the day's exploits.
"You just left your poor boss in that state?" he laughed.
"Yeah, that was a bit mean, wasn't it?" I admitted. "But I knew you'd want to watch if I let him fuck me, and I have a plan! I'm on the ground floor and my window faces the park." I started to explain. "You just need to wait until dark and then sneak over to the bushes right outside my window. Nobody will see you there, I'm sure. I will lower the blinds but use a paper clip or something to leave a gap for you." I continued. "He usually comes in to review my day's work around seven, I'm thinking that's when he'll make a move, and if he doesn't, you know I will!" I said, flourishing my most devious smile.
"This is going to be great!" Tommy cheered. "I can't wait!"
The next day I sensed a change in the mood in the office. Reece avoided me all day, and even Jack and Paul were a bit cooler with me than I had come to expect. Did they know what I'd done yesterday? Had Reece told them? Maybe I'd pushed things too far, too soon. I really hoped I hadn't messed things up. I really liked this job and didn't want to lose it!
All of these thoughts plagued my mind the remainder of the day as I sat at my desk doing my assigned work. I was beginning to truly despair as evening was quickly approaching and Reece had not reached out to me all day, for any reason. Then there was a solid knock on my office door.
"Come in!" I called out and smiled as I saw Reece's face appear in the door. My smile faltered as Jack and Paul followed Reece into the room. Paul, being the last, shut the door, and I couldn't help but notice that he engaged the lock.
"Reece here has been keeping us apprised of your progress here at the firm, Chloe," Jack began. "We thought it might be of benefit for all three of the partners to give you a more, uh, thorough evaluation, he continued in his usual businesslike tone. "What do you think?"
I swallowed hard. Is he suggesting what I think he's suggesting?
"That would be fine, sir." I said nervously. "I'm always thrilled to receive input from the partners." I said rather coquettishly, well aware of the double entendre.
"Good, good, then we understand each other," he said smiling. "Why don't you start by showing us some of the skills that you displayed for young Reece here last evening." He stated as he sat on my couch and placed his hand on his knee, palm up, with his middle finger sticking up lewdly.
I glanced over to the window, knowing that Tommy was supposed to be watching from just outside. "I hope you're ready for this," I thought, realizing that he was about to get way more than he had expected. I pulled my skirt up and started to remove my panties.
"Let me help you with that." Reece interjected as he pulled me over in front of where he sat on the couch. Then he reached under my skirt, tugged down my panties, and held them outstretched as I stepped out of them. He placed my panties over his nose, closed his eyes, and inhaled deeply before putting them in his jacket pocket.
I pulled up my skirt, straddled Jack's knee, and lowered my dripping pussy onto his waiting finger. I let out a slight groan of pleasure as my throbbing pussy registered the invasion. I began to rock back and forth as he wiggled his finger inside me, making my juices flow to the extent that a rather large wet spot was forming on his pants leg.
Paul, who had only been a spectator to this point, stood behind me, reached around and started unbuttoning my blouse. Once he had finished unbuttoning, he pulled my lacy bra up over my tits and started mauling them.
I have very sensitive nipples and when Paul repeatedly ran his outstretched fingers over them, rapidly strumming them as they grew ever harder, it set them on fire. This made my pussy ache for more substantive penetration. I ground down hard on Jack's hand while he stroked my throbbing clit with his thumb until I my body shuddered as I had the first, of what I assumed would be many, orgasms that evening.
I stood up and removed what remained of my clothes while smiling over at the window, hoping that Tommy was enjoying the view. I slid all of the paperwork, office supplies, pictures, and such off of my desk and onto the floor with one swift motion. "I've always wanted to do that," I turned to them and said smiling seductively. "Now, why don't you guys get undressed so you can give me some of that "input" we were discussing."
While they disrobed, I positioned myself on my back, longways, atop of my desk, with my ass barely hanging off the narrow edge. Jack and Paul approached me on either side of the desk and placed their fully erect cocks in my tiny hands so I could stroke them.
Meanwhile, Reece had positioned himself at the end of the desk. I spread my legs wide as he began teasing me by sliding the head of his thick cock up and down my swollen pussy lips, spreading my juices all around. He was driving wild with desire as he took his rigid cock in his hand and used it like a club to beat on my distended and very sensitive clit.
My fantasy became reality when Reece said, "look at me Chloe," and then he stared deep into my eyes with his beautiful blue eyes as he shifted forward and slowly began to stretch me open.
"Oh, fuck that's good!" I gasped as he continued his penetration until I felt his cock make contact with my cervix.
Reece slowly retreated until only the tip of his thick cock was still inside of me. Then in one violent thrust he shoved himself back inside me, making me crave the pounding that was sure to ensue.
I continue to stroke Jack and Paul's hard cocks while spreading my legs even wider, as Reece hammered my pussy. Jack and Paul were twisting and pulling my nipples sadistically as I endured Reece's pounding, at first, making me wince in pain, but the sensation soon morphed into pleasure.
I turned my head to stare at the window, imagining Tommy just outside, stroking himself, as he witnessed my defilement. I continued to stare, as if making eye contact with him, as my body began to shake uncontrollably. I felt Reece's molten come splash against my cervix as he erupted deep inside me, and then I came so hard I feared passing out.
"Stand up!" Paul demanded, without allowing me time to recoup my wits. As I obeyed, he leaned back with his ass against my desk. "Finish me with your mouth." He commanded, reaching out to pull my head down on his throbbing cock.
I had just taken Paul into my mouth and was swirling my tongue around the crown of his cock when I felt Jack grab me by my hips and thrust his long cock deep inside me. I was forced to take more and more of Paul's cock down my throat as Jack slammed me forward with increasing ferocity. I felt that familiar tingling start to build in my loins as I thought about Tommy, just outside the window. He had never seen me get spit roasted before, he must be loving this!
Paul grabbed my head and forced me further down on his cock. I relaxed my throat muscles so I could take his full length. He held my head in place and pumped wave after wave of hot spunk directly into my throat. I swallowed rapidly, careful to not spill a single drop!
I continued to massage Paul's flaccid cock with my tongue as Jack reached around and started stroking my extremely sore clit with his finger while he continued pounding me from behind. I looked towards the window one last time as my pussy began contracting on Jack's impaling member and I experienced yet another orgasm. Jack soon followed with his eruption, flooding my pussy with more hot come..
My office was momentarily silent as we all collected our clothes and redressed ourselves. Then Jack turned to me, and returning to his business like demeanor, said, "Your partner evaluation has proved you to be a very valuable asset to this firm, Chloe. I, and the other partners, count on you to continue to serve the firm with the level of competency that you have demonstrated here this evening." Then together they unlocked the door and disappeared down the hallway.
I gathered my belongings and rushed out to my car, I couldn't wait to get home and ask Tommy how much he had been able to witness. But I didn't have to wait. Tommy was standing beside my car in the parking lot, wearing an expression of pure lust!
"That was incredible!" He ejaculated. "I came two times, stroking myself as I watched, I could see everything!" He said with almost too much enthusiasm.
"Only two times?" I retorted.
"Well, it could have been three, but I saved one for you!" he replied. "Meet you at the house," he said as he jumped into his car and raced off.
I contemplated the soreness that I felt in every erogenous zone of my body, sighed, then jumped in my car and took off to catch up with Tommy. As I drove, a thought kept recurring in my head... "well, maybe I am Insatiable!"