Chapter 10 A big small step.
When I woke I could hear Susan in the kitchen so I took a deep breath and went out to admit to what she knew I had done already. There was coffee and toast being put on the table.
'Good Morning honey.'
Well I wasn't in too much trouble, unless she was being sarcastic. Maybe she had poisoned the coffee.
I took a sip and picked up the first piece of toast.
'I am so sorry darling,' she said.
'So am I, but what are you sorry for.'
'I broke the agreement before you did,' she said.
I tried to remember back and suddenly I knew what had happened. 'It was when Elise pulled off his shorts while you were sitting on his knee right?'
'Uhuh. As I sat down it was just there. And well my weight fell on it and it went right in. He didn't come inside me though. Promise. I kept as still as I could so he wouldn't come. It did mean though that he was inside me for maybe half an hour, or even longer. I just couldn't get it out.'
She nervously came towards me so I cuddled her. 'I can't argue. That's more or less what happened to me with Elise. She backed into me after Sam had pulled me out. It just slipped straight in, but like you, I didn't do anything. I didn't try and get her, or myself off. But what do we do now? How do we go forward? If we continue to see that crowd it is going to happen again. Look at Jim and Bryony.'
'Yes,' she said, 'Gordon more or less said that next time, that he and I were going to have more fun. I think that is what he meant.'
I had a long think while I finished a couple of slices of toast and drank the coffee. I had to guess whether Susan felt the same as I did.
'I think we are sort of between a rock and a hard place. Unless we continue to get sexier and sexier we will lose this flat and we cannot afford to buy another one together yet. If we do carry on we might be able to save up enough to do so. If we carry on getting sexier both in and out of the flat, than we are going to be unfaithful to each other. But as I love you, and I think you love me, then ...'
'I do, you know I do.'
'then we are still going to end up together and frankly I think we are both enjoying this sexier action. You enjoy Gordon's...err ... company. Don't you? What am I saying, you enjoyed being fucked by him? I could see it in your eyes. And of course, I am a man, I will always enjoy fucking a different girl.'
She nodded. 'You are right, I did enjoy it and yes I think we can rationalise it by thinking about the flat. But only when we are both there. Not a secret little affair on your own. I don't have to be doing it too, but I have to be there, not necessarily in the same room. I am sure there will be times when we will be separated. What do you think?'
I could see she had tears in her eyes. 'Are you okay, come on let's go back to bed and I will make you feel happier. In fact, am I going to pretend to be Gordon, so when he does fuck you, you can think of me fucking you, pretending to be him.'
It worked. She laughed and hit me.
'You know I will always love you, and think about you. Anyway, come on Gordon, don't be all mouth and no trousers, see if you can take me to bed and make me forget about Alex. I will bet you can't.'
She called me Gordon after I got my cock down her throat and while I fucked her. She called me Alex when we were cuddling afterwards. What a lovely way to spend a Sunday.
I got a call later the next day from a very happy Mark.
'Wow what a Saturday party, you easily picked up the biggest viewing figures from all the other flats. There will be a special bonus for that. How about doing that every Saturday night? Not exactly the same but with similar outcomes?'
'I am not sure, we haven't spoken to the guests yet to see whether they enjoyed it, but I expect they did.'
'I am sure they did,' he said. 'It is just a thought, but it seems an easy way of keeping the viewers happy. That doesn't mean you can go back to your old ways the rest of the week. We really don't see a lot of you exercising Alex. Where is that six-pack?'
He was right I always kept forgetting about it. 'You are right, I will get right on it.'
'Anyway, I only rang up to say well done and that I will post the bonus to you. Keep it up. Love to Susan.'
I told Susan what he had said, but added that we shouldn't just rely on them to spice up the flat, we had to do it ourselves and possibly invite other people like the other flat tenants.
She agreed and added perhaps that we could invite Joanne and Pete over for the evening. 'I want to see her as undressed as I was.' I could see she really did want to get her own back.
'Okay I will ring them. What shall I suggest. The same sort of thing that we did round at their place. We can go out and buy some new underwear and even perhaps some of that stuff from the sex shop. We can have a few drinks and show them off. Perhaps you could talk Joanne into wearing one of your new things from the sex shop. You are both about the same size.'
She agreed. Wow, she really was beginning to get into these sexier games. Rock on.
I rang later and they agreed that they would come round, early evening, a few days later. I told Pete that we would provide a light meal or snacks so all they needed to bring was a bottle or two.
I suggested to Susan that we get her some new clothes and underwear to try on. Perhaps we should ring Gordon and meet up.
'No, she said, 'if I can get Joanne trying on some of my clothes I don't want her looking good in quality underwear. I just would like to see her in cheap stuff, tiny stuff, or nothing, preferably. I thought we could go back to the sex shop and the place with the cheap underwear, Small Things wasn't it?'
'Okay sounds good to me. I am looking forward to going back to the Adult Store and getting your shopping discount.'
She slapped my arm. 'Sleazebag. You just want to see me turning on all those dirty old men.'
'No, I just want to have the same hot sex we had last time we went there. You were so turned on you would have taken on a football team.'
She grinned. 'Yes, I remember that. Come on let us go and get some practice in.'
'Sounds good to me, let me see if I cannot get you hot before I even touch you.'
She looked puzzled
'Come with me.' I walked into the bedroom taking off my shirt and followed it with my trousers. I sat on the bed. 'Here stand in front of me and start stripping for me. Slowly and sexily. In fact, before you start, rummage around in your underwear drawer and put on suspenders and stockings. Something hot. Surprise me. Just doing that in the toilet will warm you up. I will sit here and play with myself to get ready for you.'
She grinned and started looking through a couple of drawers. I sat back on the bed and started massaging my cock through my boxers. I had placed myself under a camera so I was feeling a little subconscious myself. As I lay back gently rubbing my soft cock it began to harden. I wondered whether it was just the manipulation and then realised that I was thinking of all our watchers. I started to feel horny. I knew that Susan hadn't realised that I was positioning myself for the cameras yet. I suspected that once she realised she would get really hot. That made me harder still.
Within ten minutes she was back, still wearing her blouse and soft flowing mini -skirt, like a cheer-leaders skirt but longer. She started dancing for me at the bottom of the bed.
'No, over here next to me.' I swung my legs down to sit on the edge of the bed. 'Come close.'
She was standing rubbing her still-covered breasts onto my nose. She leaned forward and kissed me as she started undoing buttons on her blouse. Within a few seconds she threw the blouse onto the bottom of the bed and started kissing my cock over its covering. She turned and touched her toes, rubbing her arse against my chest Slowly she stood up leaning back into me and then suddenly she froze. 'I am standing right in front of a camera,' she said. 'Get onto the bed so I can get a bit further away from it.'
'No, I want you to stay here and stand right in front of it. I want you to slowly take your clothes off and be really sexy for me. Just me. Think of all those guys looking at you, wanting to touch you. When I lay you down and open your legs and finger you I want them leaning forward, to get nearer to their screen.'
She shuddered at the image and I think had a small cum. She turned back towards me and I could see that her eyes were sort of glazed over. She was still dancing and very sexy but her mind was elsewhere. I should worry, her body was here with me. In contact in fact.
She bent again to kiss my cock and I undid the side clasp on her skirt and watched it slip to the floor. That almost brought her back but watching her butt cheeks I realised that she was wiggling her bottom, just for the camera.
She looked at me and winked. 'You have no idea how horny I am. Already.'
She kissed me, her tongue wrestling with mine, pushing me back onto the bed.
'Take some more clothes off babe,' I whispered and turned her around to face the camera. 'Wiggle that bum for me lover. Show me what I have coming,' I said much louder so that the microphones would pick it up. Not for the viewers benefit of course but merely to make Susan a little hotter.
She was dancing for the camera now but still up close to me. Close enough for me to undo the back of her bra.
She groaned quietly, in her throat and lowered her bum onto my lap so I could put my arms around her. I placed a hand on each breast and pulled the bra cups away from them. This time her groan was loud enough for everyone to hear. I pulled my hands away and let the world, or at least the viewers, see her tits juggling in front of the camera. I cupped them proffering them to her admirers. She was beginning to glaze out again. I knew it would be down to me to expose the rest of her. I just hoped she would continue to get hotter the more I showed.
I checked that her panties were put on over her suspenders so were easily removable. I lowered her down on to the bed beside me, on her back.
I got up, stood to the side and started to pull her panties off. That groan was even louder this time. The last straw for her was when I moved her legs round to line them up with the camera and then pulled them apart. Her black stockings and suspenders framed her naked pussy. I pulled her left leg towards me and was fascinated to watch her move her right one wider of her own accord. She was as exposed to her viewers as she would be to her gynaecologist. I gently played with her labia and she started to breathe quickly, her head rolling and her limbs twitching. I lowered my boxers and just dived in, sinking fully inside her with the first thrust. She continued to cum in rolling bursts for a couple of minutes it seemed. I pumped away before quickly adding my semen to her already soaking pussy. There seemed little point in delaying the pleasure for either of us. She screamed and spasmed a final time as I lay catching my breath inside her. I would have liked to turn the cameras off now and whisper in her ear that it was just the two of us now, but that was not a possibility. I pulled the sheet over us held her close as her noises turned from groans to gentle snores. It was only just past nine but she was gone for the night. We had missed the evening dare again. On reflection, I guessed we hadn't, but that we were both involved in it.