British Secretive Intelligence Service (SIS/MI6) agent James Blonde strode proudly into the P branch of the MI6 headquarters, dressed casually in a baggy tracksuit, carrying a special USB (Universal Serial Bus) drive containing the source code for the secure communications used in the Chinese quantum satellite network. She smiled politely at P as he worked on a speedboat similar in design to those she once used in the Royal Navy's Special Boat Service (SBS). Without a word, she held out the USB drive to P, who took it to a special isolated laptop computer to examine it; curious to see more herself, she followed P to the office and watched intently as he plugged in the USB drive and opened a source code file on it.
"Looks genuine enough. Good job Sixty-Nine Seven!" congratulated P in his native English accent.
"Always a pleasure to help you P," she replied politely in her native North England accent. In truth, she was very proud of her mission success as it was a major intelligence victory for the United Kingdom, which helped put her messy breakup with Tiffany Case behind her.
"You help him pee?" asked a confused voice.
Blonde rolled her eyes but was distracted by a beeping from her smartphone. Pulling it out of her pocket, she noticed that the radio frequency monitoring app had popped a notification on her screen, indicating something in the room was transmitting an ultra-high frequency radio signal. Blonde wondered what this meant for a moment before she realized what was about to happen.
"P!" she shouted as she wrapped herself protectively around her older friend, beginning to push him behind a desk in the process. As they fell, in what seemed like slow motion to her, she noticed an assistant nearby stare at her while heading to the loo. We need a less confusing letter for the Director of Investigation and Research, Blonde thought to herself.
Suddenly, an explosion tore through the wall and the shockwave knocked Blonde and P to the floor. Being a trained spy, Blonde managed to land on her hands and feet, sparing injury, but P had fallen on his back and hit his head on the floor. Her clothes were on fire, she quickly took them off, stamped out the flames, and used them as bandages to stop P's bleeding. She also felt behind his head to confirm he was not bruised nor suffered a broken skull.
Stripped bare to her casual white cotton bra and panty set, she went to the hole in the wall and looked down the river Thames; her eyes darted back and forth, trying to spot anything suspicious. Within a short moment, she found their would-be assassin, standing stupidly out in the open on a speedboat and quickly hiding a rocket launcher. What a fool to so brazenly claim responsibility for attacking the SIS headquarters, Blonde thought to herself. She heard police sirens approaching, upon which she saw the assassin quickly head north along the River Thames.
Blonde wasted no time and opening the garage door first, dashed to the speedboat, then hopped into the boat and sped off directly at the assassin. The controls were very simple, so she naturally adapted and handled them with precision. Just like the good old days, Blonde thought to herself, as she raced north on the River Thames, her speedboat hopping and skipping along the water at high speed to catch her assassin.
As she closed in on the assassin's speedboat, he fired several rounds at her, which she easily steered clear of, and made a zig-zag pattern in the Thames. The bullets hit the water around her harmlessly, splashing it at her and soaking her white cotton bra and panty so that her nipples and unshaven loins were visible. She increased her speed and steered near the shore, where she briefly heard several young lads wolf whistle at her; she managed to veer hard away from them, and the displacement of water was strong enough to splash them.
The assassin foolishly used up the remainder of his ammunition firing into the Thames in a futile attempt to shoot her, allowing Blonde to close in on him and follow him onto the riverfront near the London Eye. They both parked their boats along the riverside and jumped out to continue the chase on foot. She dashed over the shoreline in only her soaked bra and panty; luckily very few people were around otherwise she would have lost sight of her target. When he ran behind a blind corner, she decided to prudently take a wider turn; as she suspected he was lying in wait on the other side.
His ploy discovered, he foolishly attempted to hit her, but without the element of surprise, his punch was futile. Additionally, the extra space she added between them gave her more than enough reaction time to grab his arm and flip him to the ground, his head making contact with the cold wet pavement first. While he was stunned, Blonde quickly locked him into an arm bar with her cold wet legs cruelly wrapped around his neck.
Desperate to escape, he clawed at her legs and arms with his free hand, hoping to tear her skin; however her soaked flesh proved too slippery, but he managed to tear off her panty and bra, exposing her beauty to the few nearby bystanders.
When the police arrived, they were shocked at the sight of the beautiful soaked blonde woman with lean long sexy legs wrapped around the suspect's neck. The sunlight glistened off her creamy white flesh and firm young breasts. For a moment the London bobbies could only stare at her lean and firm athletic body and her perfect face, temporarily forgetting about the incapacitated assassin trapped in her leg lock, which accentuated her calf and thigh muscles nicely.
"The name's Blonde. James Blonde," she said, recovering her breath, then adding "and you can book him now."