Well I got lucky, Danni took the kids for pizza, So I was able to get into the house with nobody seeing me, I look in the mirror and see my hair has dried cum in it, I undress, I feel so grungy, dried saliva and cum everywhere, I get into the shower, "Soap and hot water" Has never felt so good.
I think to myself "WHAT A SLUT" I don't know what come over me, maybe it was all just pent up inside me and needed to come out! I'm wondering what ignited the inner whore in me!
"All I know is that it all felt really good!"
Danni and the kids finally come home, I'm feeling like myself now, nice and squeaky clean, we put the kids to sleep, I asked Danni if she would like to drink some wine, and talk.
Danni is 18, a beautiful sexy young lady, big brown doe eyes, shoulder length brown hair, she has a very sexy body her ass is nice and firm and round, it looks good, in her low cut jeans with her red thong sticking out, and her tits that point straight up nice and firm.
Her mom Liza tells me "She's been sexually active for a couple of years," but now she has a boyfriend Tony who everybody likes, we drank the bottle and were feeling pretty good, she gets up and comes sits close to me, she starts to talk about different boys and sex!
"This girl is wild!"
She tells me "Tony has a big cock," and that they have anal sex when she has her period! I blush and get embarrassed! I tell her I wouldn't know,
"I've never seen a big cock, only in porn movies," And I would never let a man touch my ass!
I couldn't let on that just a couple hours ago, I was a ass fucked, cum drenched whore! well hell, I'm naive aunt Samantha.
I heard enough, I'm tired, I'm wiped out! I tell her "I'm going to sleep."
She says "She is going to watch a movie on our big screen then she's going to leave,"
I go to my bedroom, my dog bull is in his spot at the foot of the bed, I pat him on the head and crawl into bed I'm EXHAUSTED! I doze off.
I wake up like normal it's 5:30 AM, I throw on my bike shorts and sports bra, and I'm out the door running, After about the third mile, all except for my ass being a little sore, "I'm feeling pretty good."
I can't get my mind off how guilt free I feel, Bill is getting his! "Why not me," I can't get the the thought of their cocks and the urgency they both had, was it just horny men, I don't know but it made me feel very sexy and wanted.
I get back to the house the kids are still asleep I go down to the work out room, I stop to look in the mirror, I'm feeling different, but I still look pretty good, my blond hair, and blue eyes, my tits are still nice and firm.
"My ass was a real turn on for them last night."
I love that feeling of want, How they both wanted my body in the worst way! Not bad for 39 years old with two kids
I'm going through my regular sets when I hear something, in the corner of my eye I look up over the wall, I see it's Tony, Danni's boyfriend, he's looking through the split in the wall, I'm thinking it's not that unusual, Danni has a key and they both like to use are gym, But not at 6:30 am!
He's in the hall way, he doesn't realize, all I got to do is look up at the mirror and I can see him, our whole workout room is mirrored, I almost say something to him, but when I look back up, I see he's touching himself through his jeans!
"Man I can't believe this,"
They both know my routine, from coming over in the morning to take care of the kids, if we are going on a business trip, well I'm still horny, I can't get the thought of those guys from last night out of my mind, how I acted, and mostly how I enjoyed it, So I cant see no harm in putting on a little show, if it's a show he wants I'm not gonna disappoint him!
I start doing knee bends, making sure my ass is facing the split, I never been much of a teaser, I get on the treadmill and put a little more jiggle in my run, I glance up and see that he's pulled out his cock, I let out a little moan and
say loud enough "That it's hot in here!"
I move to a spot that he can't see, and take off my bike shorts, I have a white cotton sports thong on, that is very sexy looking and will give him a nice hot view! I move back into his sight, I get on my knees and start doing leg splits, up and down.
"Sticking my ass straight up at him!"
I'm really enjoying this teasing.
"I'm beginning to get turned on."
I glance up at the mirror, he's really working his cock, I can see he has a nice size piece of man meat,
"I feel my pussy getting moist."
I stand up and pose in front of the mirrors,I'm not even 2 feet away from where he's kneeling, I start to cup my breasts, then I slide my hand down slowly into my thong and start rubbing myself nice and sexy like, I say under my breath but loud enough for him to hear
"MAN I'M FEELING HORNY"
I get up and with a very sexy walk, bouncing my ass cheeks I go over to the closet, and grab baby blue which is a little vibrator, I notice a tube of lube on the floor by the washer Danni must have forgotten, it's strawberry tingle joy gel
I grab it and walk back to the gym, I lay down spreading my legs and turn on blue, I'm buzzing my cunt now! I stop to put some lube on my clitoris which is standing straight up, it's all popping and tingling.
"This stuff is really good!"
I pull my thong to the side and start to slide blue back and fourth and in and out!
I turn towards Tony, and slide my thong down to my knees, I pull my meaty pussy lips back and start to buzz my throbbing love button, moving my pussy up and down, moaning, "How good it feels."
I look up and see Tony's on his knees jerking like crazy! I stop and act like the batteries died.
"OH CRAP GOD DAMN BATTERIES!"
I Throw it down, and run out to the hallway, Tony's standing with his back to the wall, cock sticking straight up, with a raging hard on! I act startled! I yell
TONY! "WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE!"
I look down at his cock, "What a beauty it is!"
His cock is swaying and trembling he's ready to blow! What a hot young cock, he's rock hard!
"I feel my pussy starting to stir with excitement."
"Do you get off spying on women!"
I'M SORRY, "No Sam, Danni told me!"
"DANNI TOLD YOU WHAT?"
He's beet red and stuttering!
SHE SAID "YOU NEVER SEEN A BIG COCK BEFORE"
"Oh is that right?"
So you thought you would come over and get lucky, Did you think it would be that easy, did she also tell you, "I'm a married women!"
"OH SAM PLEASE"
His cock is throbbing, his cum is oozing out the tip!
"Have you been watching me this whole time?"
"So you like to watch do you??"
I smile a wicked smile, flashing my big blue eyes at him.
"What if my husband comes home?"
He reaches to touch my hip, I push his hand away
"DON'T TOUCH ME!
"I'm not going to let you touch me,"
"Besides your Danni's boyfriend,"
"Were you watching me play with myself?" Tony,
"Did that turn you on??"
He nods and tells me, "Him and Danni have a open relationship she's too wild."
I grab his jeans and yank them to the floor, then I slide his undies down, my mouth is maybe an inch away, from his throbbing cock, my mouth is watering.
I fight back the urge just to take him in my mouth and suck him off, his cock and balls are clean shaved, it looks delicious, I look up at him and slowly lick my lips.
I turn and start to walk into the gym, twitching my ass cheeks, I turn my head and say,
"I'm going to let you watch me finish what I started,"
He follows me like a little obedient puppy, his hard cock swinging from side to side.
I lean over, on the bench, with my ass sticking straight up, I slowly peel off my thong, exposing both of my yearning holes to him, I look over at him, and with one hand I spread my ass cheek, and let him get a real good look, all this teasing has got my pussy dripping.
I lay down on my bench press, and jam a pillow under my ass so my moist pussy is sticking straight up, my legs hanging over the sides, I pull my lips back with one hand and start to rub myself, "Ooh yea, you see how nice and wet I'm Tony."
Come Tony, "Stand over me,"
I slide down, so his cock is inches from my pussy, "That's it, mmm yea," moving my hips up almost touching his hard meat, "JERK IT TONY!" he spits on his fingers and wraps them tight around his cock.
I'm sliding two fingers in and out of my wet hole, he's jerking away, he makes a move towards me, his cock head touches my opening, I push him back with my hand.
"No no that's for my husband Bill," But just the slight touch of his head against my clit, gets me off,
"Ahhh Tony, Oh yes,Oh yes"
My hips are bouncing up off the bench, I'm rubbing my erect clitoris furiously, it's a long overdue orgasm that's rocking me, oh man, it feels so good, I feel my juices running down onto the bench, I open my eyes, to see the look on Tony's face as if he's in pain.
"OH SAM, PLEASE LET ME PUT IT IN"
I slide back and push him back, and all at once
"Sam I'm coming Arghh"
The first hot spurt skims across my stomach and almost hits my tit, he's jerking himself hard, just inches away from my spent pussy.
"OH FUCK SAM"
He's splattering my stomach and pussy wit his hot come, it's running down the insides of my spread legs, "Man I thought he was never gonna stop," I can feel hot come squirting against my throbbing clitoris.
I look up at him and smile, he still has his hand wrapped tight around his cock, his fingers are covered in come, my belly button is a puddle of come, I scoop up a batch and let it drip through my fingers.
"CAN YOU GET ME A TOWEL OUT OF THE BATHROOM?"
I watch as he walks back his spent cock swaying, looks so good, I have to touch it, I wipe myself off, then I take his cock and wipe him clean, His cock feels so good in my hand, hot young 20 year old cock, and he's huge, about 8 inches, I want him inside me real bad, I loosen my grip and spit in my hand.
I start to stroke him nice and easy, he leans over and tries to kiss me, I move my head and he finds my neck he's wet kissing and drooling on my neck, my pussy is yearning!
I let out a moan, his cock keeps dripping, keeping my hand and his cock well lubed, his hand is at my cunt now, his finger finds it's way to my burning hole, he's playing with my pussy lips, my alarm goes off.
I jump up, Tony, "I'm so sorry, I got to take a conference call, it's very important," Bill is going to be on it but Tony doesn't have to know that, and I got to take the dog out.
I kiss him on the forehead and tell him he could wait or leave whatever he wants, I pray he doesn't leave but I don't want him to know that.
"I'LL BE RIGHT HERE WAITING FOR YOU SAM"
I don't know what to do, I'm sitting here on a call from work, Bill's on, and other people are talking to me, and I can't stop, thinking about Tony's down stairs, I'm talking to my husband and I have my hand down my shorts, rubbing myself, should I just go down stairs and tell him to leave, and what about Danni, why do I have a feeling she knows all about this.
Well finally the call ends and I get Bull out for his walk, I jump in for a quick shower, I put on a pair of loose fitting white cotton shorts, no undies, and my sports bra, the kids don't get up for another hour, it's been awhile I don't even know if he's still downstairs
I open the door and walk down stairs he was just getting ready to leave for work.
"Oh that's to bad Tony, I'm sorry I took so long."
I stop him at the bottom of the stairs, should I just let him go, I mean we really didn't cheat or anything, I mean it wasn't like we fucked, I hardly even touched him, of all things I'm worried about Danni's mom Liza finding out.
I lean against him, and grab onto his cock through his jeans, "Is there anyway I can talk you into calling in late," as I unzip him and pull out his half hard cock.
"OH SAM YOUR ARE ONE HOT LADY"
I drop to my knees, looking up at him the whole time, I start to kiss his round helmet head, I open my mouth and take him in, swirling my tongue
all over him, he must've washed up, I can taste the soap from our bathroom, his man musk and the axe he's wearing has got to me, I slide my hand down in my shorts to rub my erect clitoris.
I can feel him growing hard in my mouth, I try to take in as much as I can, bobbing my head up and down on his hardening shaft, my pussy's throbbing,
and sopping wet, my fingers are working it over, I start to stroke him licking around the rim of his head, he puts his hand on the top of my head.
"Ooh Sam you suck so good" It feels so good.
I stand back up, and start to grind my body against his, his hands slide down into my shorts and lightly grabs my bare ass cheeks, I turn and quickly pull off my shorts, I move my hips against him, his hardness rubbing on my belly, I move his hand down to my aching pussy I'm ready to get off,
He's moving his finger in and out of my wet cunt, I grab him by the back of his neck and start to tongue kiss him, still stroking him, I lean back and part my legs, and pull back my meaty pussy lips.
"LICK ME TONY, SUCK MY CLIT!"
Tony goes right for it,sliding down he's licking my nips running his tongue all over my belly and straight down to my pussy which is on fire, running his tongue in between my swollen lips, then circling my clitoris, just that quick I start to cum
"OH TONY DON'T STOP! I'M COMING, OOH YEA I'M COMING!"
I'm holding, his head and grinding my pussy against his mouth, I look him in the eyes.
I needed that, "Oh man it felt so good!"
I can feel the slut in me is about to take over, I lean back against the wall, His eyes widen, he's a handsome kid 5-10, 20 years old, black hair, nice build.
All at once I snap my sports bra off, my tits fall loose my nips are sticking straight up, he's busy jerking his love muscle, His cock is hitting my stomach leaving cum trails, he's licking circles around my nips, he's really breathing heavy now!
"SAM PLEASE SAM"
I reach down and unbuckle his pants and pull them down to the floor, his cock is beautiful it's shaved, it makes it look even bigger, I'm really turned on by his cock I've never seen a shaved cock before, 20 years old, hard and throbbing, man what a beauty.
I grab him by his cock and bring him into the gym, I'm thinking the mirrors will give us a nice effect, I press my body against his, and guide his hands to my ass, he starts rubbing my ass
I'm on my knees I cup his balls, and take him in my mouth, I'm jerking him and sucking nice and slow, I stop and push him away, and tell him
"NO THIS IS WRONG I'M A MARRIED WOMEN, I'M LYING, WHAT IF BILL COMES HOME"
WHICH I KNOW HE'S NOT.
His cock is swinging in the air, swelled up ready to burst!
"NO SAM PLEASE" He blurts out "Bill is unfaithful"
I grab his cock hard and ask him what he means?
"He always tries to hit on Danni and I know he's fucked Millie"
The cleaning lady who is 25, the daughter of Angie my first cleaning lady, How many women has he fucked I think to myself, I'm in a rage now, this has set me off!
I get back on my knees, and start sucking his cock, fondling his balls! He puts his hand on my head, with the other he grabs the base of his cock, and starts to jerk it, he's jerking it off in my mouth! I see him looking in the mirror.
"OH THAT'S IT SAM YES!"
I reach around and start to tickle his ass, all at once I slide my finger tip into his ass, he jerks forward and he starts spurting down my throat filling my mouth with hot cum, he just keeps blasting, I grab his ass cheeks and hold him in my mouth swallowing all of it, until I get every last drop!
He pulls out and his cock looks even bigger all spent! I cant believe the amount of cum, it seems like he came for a whole two minutes!
My passion for sucking men off in my mouth has really been filled between the guys last night and Tony! Bill my husband Thinks women shouldn't swallow he say "Thats for whores," I should feel guilty sucking off my niece's boyfriend, but why do I got a feeling she had something to do with it.
He sits down on the, gym seat his spent cock just hanging to the side, I get up and walk over to him, he leans forward and puts his arms around me and starts to feel up my ass, I don't want him to go but the kids are upstairs, I have to get them ready, he rubs his two fingers between my pouting pussy lips, I know what he,s thinking I tell him
"Another time, when we have more time, now get up and go to work your gonna be late."
What a way to start a morning, I'm proud of myself holding back, when I wanted to feel that hard young cock of his in me so bad, well there will be other times, I'll make sure of that!!