First client
Nearly a week had passed since Louise's eventful interview at the Crimson rooms, Louise had replayed to John what had happened during the interview, with the photographer and security guy afterwards and then the unforeseen fucking she had received in the garage. It had been a crazy night; however, Louise having passed her interview, was now keen to earn some money and was confident she could handle any clients Nicolai put her way.
John had mixed feelings, this Nicolai character was clearly involved in some dubious business, and what was a senior police officer doing involved in his business. They had both discussed at length the risk, but it seemed Louise was now involved, and it was too late to back out, John also knew on several levels that she had thoroughly enjoyed being used like a whore. He was sure of this as even 2 days later had been soaking wet when she told him further details of the interview, whilst he fucked her.
It was Friday night and John had been job hunting all week with the possibility of an interview in Scotland for a senior position in the next 2 weeks; he was just waiting on confirmation. Having checked his email and not had the dates confirmed yet, he decided to check the anonymous account that they had created for any news of work for Louise. As he opened the account, he saw a new email from Nicolai.
John opened the email; Louise was being asked to meet a client this Saturday night, and to be at the Crimson rooms again in the VIP section of the club at 9pm. The email then explained that she would be expected to offer all services, slightly cryptic but John guessed Nicolai never went into writing on what his real escort business was about. Below this instruction was a link to the Crimson room's website and the login and password for Louise to see her profile pictures.
Louise walked into the living room, "any news in the job front?"
John replied, "not for me, I think probably 2 weeks they said for the interview. However, someone has some work."
Louise felt a butterfly in her stomach, "you mean I have work?"
"Apparently so, I was just checking the account and you are required tomorrow at 9pm in the club, in the VIP section and as ever its cryptic, apparently you are to provide all services!".
"Is that all?"
"Not quite, there is also a link to your portfolio on their website, I was just going to open it shall we take a look together?"
Louise suddenly remembered the photos and wondered just how many of the explicit ones had made it into the portfolio. "Sure, let's take look." She responded nervously.
John clicked on the link and was presented with a webpage that they had not seen before when they had looked at the Crimson room's website, at least Louise's picturess would be hidden from anyone randomly surfing the website.
After typing in the login name and password a new page appeared with a clear face shot of Louise and a full-length clothed body shot in her heels, stockings and dress, there was an extensive list of services. John read them out loud, "O levels, A levels, Penetration, Massage, Humiliation (receiving), Domination (receiving), Girl-girl, Toys, Striptease, Dinner dates, Exhibitionism, Facials, CIM, Parties, Groups, Swallow, Couples, Bareback." "Well sounds like you will be busy!" John laughed.
Louise found herself getting turned on as she realised, she was being advertised as a whore and as John read out the list, she felt herself getting wet at the depravity of the situation she had got herself into.
John hovered over the fully body picture and realised it was a link, he clicked it and a new page launched with another image and an arrow to indicate further images. Louise went quiet as John looked at the image, she was standing with her legs parted in her heels and stockings, her nipples were hard, "very hot, no wonder they liked you." John commented.
He clicked the next icon and a new image appeared, she was now on all fours, Louise remembered the group of men all looking at her as she had pushed her bottom up. John breathed in deeply as he clicked to the next image, she was still on all fours but now reaching between her legs and spreading her pussy lips wide, showing her pink hole and her wet dripping pussy.
He clicked again, the next image appeared, his wife was still on her knees but had moved to a sofa and the waist of a man could clearly be seen and a thick cock was in her hand, there appeared more suited legs either side of the man. Louise was straining forward and running her tongue up the underside of the cock, her eyes full of lust as she looked up at its owner whose face was not in the shot. He had seen that look before she was cock drunk and clearly very aroused.
Louise had told John what had happened at the interview but seeing his wife sucking this total stranger, with other men present was raising conflicts, on one hand he felt protective of her, but on the other seeing her being a whore was a huge turn on, he was getting hard.
John clicked again, further shots showed in explicit detail his wife sucking the man's cock and deep throating him, then the images changed. His wife was no longer sucking she was on her back her legs wide and a tall powerful man was guiding his cock into her pussy, its head already buried in her clearly soaking cunt. Looking closely, he noted there was no condom, John looked up at his wife, she bit her lip, John slid his hand up to the waist band of the gym leggings she was wearing and pulled them down.
Louise knew not to resist, his hand slipped between her legs and confirmed what he had expected, she was already slick, John clicked to the next image as he started to finger her. The screen now showed her sandwiched between 2 men, the angle could only mean one thing she was being fucked in the ass and pussy together, another image, the next and final image showed another man had now joined the threesome as she had yet another cock in her mouth.
Louise moaned as John stood up and without a word pushed her over the table edge, reaching down to free his hard cock and without pretence guided his erection to her wet pussy. His wife moaned as he thrust into her, as they both looked at the image on the screen of her being stuffed with cock he increased his fucking, Louise slipped her hand between her legs and began to frig at her clit as he fucked her. Building his pace, he started to groan as he enjoyed her tight pussy, a few more thrusts and he came hard, it had been a release at the reality of his wife as a whore.
A stream of cum started to drip from Louise as John withdrew his cock, she continued to rub frantically at her clit with her now cum soaked fingers as she mashed her hand into her pussy, moaning as she came.
"Well, that was hot, those pictures are filthy but so horny to see you like that, how do you feel?" John asked.
"Seeing myself like that was scary, those images on a website for men to look at, but it also turns me on seeing and remembering what happened and how vulnerable I was to all those men." Louise replied.
"Well, it all begins again tomorrow, would you like me to drop you off again?"
"Yes, that would be great, it will be dark so you can drop me a little closer, and at least the garage will be shut so I won't be giving any freebies away!" Louise laughed.
Saturday afternoon rolled around quickly, and Louise was busy getting ready for her first evening as a paid escort, after a long bath and thorough shave with particular attention to her pussy ensuring its was completely bare. She dried and moisturised herself before choosing a short silver dress with matching purse, hold up black stockings, one of her tiny sheer thongs that allowed her piercing to be seen clearly and some strappy heels. Some light makeup, and she was ready, a deep breath and she walked downstairs.
John whistled, "wow you look incredible."
"Thanks, are you ok to take me now?" Louise asked.
"Yes, good to go, you ready?" John replied. Louise nodded.
They drove in silence both excited but also nervous as John knew he was driving his wife to an Albanians club to work as a prostitute, this was a crazy situation, but they needed the money. Louise felt the same butterflies she had experienced before as they approached the industrial estate. As the car turned into the last road, she felt her heartbeat increase, John pulled up the car. Without a word, she leaned across and kissed him.
Louise opened the car door and stepped out. "I will be here from midnight, to take you home, ok?" John said. Louise nodded, blew him a kiss and walked towards the club entrance. There was a queue of customers, mainly men but quite a few couples waiting to enter the club as she approached the doors and she felt eyes upon her as she walked past them to the bouncers, she recognised the security guy who had fucked her last time. He grinned as she approached, bent down, and pulled the security rope aside as she entered the club.
The music hit her as she stepped into the foyer, a deep base track was playing, and she could see the dance floor was already full. As she walked into the bar area, heading past the steps she spotted Nicolai, he was talking to a tall silver haired older guy, as she looked at him, he looked up and their eyes connected, he nodded and indicated for her to come over as he moved towards another group.
Louise stepped up two steps into the VIP area where Nicolai was now waiting, there were 6 other men there and 3 girls, she guessed they were also escorts as they wore very little and where evidently fawning over the men. The men were all clearly connected to Nicolai and had the same swarthy eastern European look about them.
Nicolai gestured her to come closer, he was with two men who did not have any women with them. He put his arm around her waist and spoke "Louise, these are my good friends and brothers; Luan and Dardan, I would like you to look after them both tonight, they have just come out of prison and need a little fun."
"Boys, Louise will look after you she is new here but a very good whore."
Louise felt the familiar emotions as she switched from wife to whore as the two men looked her over, eyeing her up and undressing her with their eyes. The younger of the two, Luan was stocky and covered in tattoos up one side of his neck, he looked dangerous with cold eyes. Louise smiled at him but got nothing back he merely continued to leer at her looking at her legs and tits more than her face.
She felt intimidated but turned on by the danger, she was sure Nicolai would not put her in any danger, the older of the two brothers Dardan was also stocky but slightly shorter and overweight, despite his crisp white shirt and suit he looked like a thug trying to look respectable. He broke his gaze from her chest and spoke to Nicolai in Albanian, after a brief exchange Nicolai turned to her, bending forward he spoke into her ear.
"Louise, they want to both use you together and to take you to one of our themed rooms, the black room, don't worry you will be paid well for servicing two together, give them a good service and do anything they want, they pay well." Louise thought to respond and ask what this room was, but Nicolai was already leaving and moving to another group of his clients.
In a thick European accent Luan leaned into Louise's ear and whispered, "you come with us." Not so much a question as an instruction. Louise nodded and followed Luan as he led her towards the stairs to the first floor.
Dardan slunk in behind them and within a few steps she felt him running his hand down her back and under the hem of her dress across her stocking tops and on to her bare ass. He cupped her bottom and groped her further as they moved through the throng of people on the dancefloor that led to the stairs, his fingers groping at the inside of her thighs and across her thong as he sought her pussy.
She noticed a few looks and realised they must look an odd group a lithe blonde with 2 dubious looking eastern European men, though she suspected they all knew what the arrangement was. As they reached the base of the stairs, she noticed the bottom roped off with another bouncer she had not seen before.
He clearly knew the drill as he unhooked the rope and let them through. As they passed the bouncer and he replaced the rope, Luan leant into her once more, "take your dress off here." She thought to complain at his request but then remembered Nicolai's earlier words to do what they wanted.
What the hell she thought, reaching behind herself she undid her dress, let the straps slide off her shoulders and felt the dress slide down her body, leaving her in her heels, stockings, and tiny thong, standing at the bottom of the stairs and with the men behind her hardly anyone could see her. Luan picked up her dress and took her purse as she started to walk up the steps, she felt a strong hand on her arm, Luan grinned and spoke to her, "at the middle of the steps, on the platform stop, turn around and slowly take your thong off."
The men wanted to show her off to the club, fuck it she thought, this was what she was here for, to be a plaything men. She stepped forward and began to slowly climb the stairs, the brothers enjoying the view and staying several steps behind her, so the crowds view was unobstructed.
She could feel the hundreds of eyes on her as she climbed, as more people saw her nakedness and heads turned. As she approached the middle of the steps and the platform, her heart beating hard she heard the first wolf whistles and cheers over the thumping beat.
As she stepped onto the platform, she stopped, parting her legs slightly, the crowd were now all watching with various cheers and shouts of "get them off." She hooked her thumbs into her thong and slowly pulled it down over her bottom, it lingered at her crotch for a second as her wetness stuck to the thong.
Sliding it down to her thighs she bent forward allowing her bottom to part further, allowing her pussy to be clearly seen by everyone below the stairs with her piercing glinting out over the dancefloor. The cheering increased as her thong slipped fully down her legs and fell at her heels. Louise slowly turned around to face the two brothers, who both had wide grins on their faces, no doubt now eager to get their hands on her.
Now fully exposed and from the noise of the crowd concerned she might start a riot if she stuck around much longer. She squatted down onto her heels opening her knees wide to show her pussy fully, whilst keeping her back straight allowing a full view of her tits as she picked up the thong and stood up.
More whistles and cheers followed her as she turned and walked slowly up the steps and out of sight to the first-floor landing, the two brothers now following closely behind her, looking over her shoulder she saw Dardan indicate to her to go to the black door.
She felt her heartbeat increase once more, as they approached the door, black usually intimated something bad or extreme, Luan stepped past her and opened the door indicating for her to follow as Dardan followed behind her.
As they entered the room, she noted the room was larger than she had expected, with a large mirror covering one wall. The room could easily accommodate a dozen people, as she walked, her heels clicked on the dark hardwood floor, the lighting in the room was supplied by two suspended bare bulbs.
This room was clearly themed as a punishment or BDSM room, Louise shivered as she noted the furniture; a St Andrews wooden cross mounted against a wall and in the centre of the room a padded raised obedience bench with steel rings on its sides, presumably so anyone could be restrained in multiple ways as they were positioned either face up or on all fours.
Before she could take in anymore of the room, Dardan pushed her towards the bench his thickly accented voice cutting through her thoughts, "on bench slut."
Louise climbed onto the bench, a padded section under her torso, whilst her breasts remained free with a thin spine of the bench running between them and up to her neck. She was now effectively in a doggy style position, submissive, exposed, and vulnerable to the two men.
She saw movement in the mirror in front of her and watched as Luan collected leather cuffs, soon she felt him attaching them to her ankles and then connecting each cuff with a padlock to the metal eyes on each side of the bench. Dardan was now at her head and connecting cuffs to her wrists, locking her to the padded arms that she was resting on.
Finally, she felt a collar being fitted and connected to the thin spine running up to her neck, she was firmly restrained and completely open to the men, she realised they could now do anything to her and no one else was here, she shivered at the thought.
Looking Into the mirror she could see multiple whips, paddles and tawse hanging on the wall behind her, there also appeared to be a large metal cabinet, perhaps from a hospital with glass shelves and a large selection of implements which she could not make out in her current position. Her view was further obscured as Dardan's crotch appeared in her line of sight, he was clearly keen to play with her as a thick bulge was visible inches from her face.
She watched as he unbuckled his belt unzipping his trousers, pulling them down and pulled his stiffening cock out, it was thick and fat and rapidly rising towards her face as his erection grew. He was talking excitedly to his brother in Albanian, Louise could not see what Luan was doing but felt a cold hard object being traced across her bottom.
Next she felt a cool gel being applied to her asshole, she realised what was coming, a steel tear drop shaped toy was inserted into her bottom, she moaned as Luan pushed it in, her pussy already wet at her predicament and now soaking as the men started to play with her.
Luan's use of her was clearly exciting Dardan as his erection was now rock hard and nudging at her lips. She opened her mouth as he pushed his hips forward, her mouth opening wide to accommodate his girth, she started to lick around his cock head, but he simply grabbed her hair and told her to open her mouth wider. His fat belly resting on her head and pushing her down further onto his cock as she fought not to gag.
He simply wanted to fuck her mouth, he pushed further forward and began to thrust violently into her mouth, edging his cock down her throat, Louise gasped for breath as he pulled back just before he thrust back into her. He held her hair and head stopping her from pulling back as she started to gag on his cock, she was now worried about passing out and could hear the men laughing at her futile attempts to escape.
Tears formed in her eyes as Dardan continued to hold her in place and fuck her mouth, just as she thought she would pass out he pulled out of her allowing her to greedily gulp in Oxygen. As she gasped for breath she felt Luan now enter her, the abusive use by the men was turning her on, her cunt was slick as he pushed the head of his cock into her. Just as she was getting some breath back Dardan pushed his cock back into her mouth and continued his brutal fucking, there was no rhythm he just wanted to use her.
Every 30 seconds he seemed to pull back just enough for Louise to grab a breath, at first she thought this was for her to be able to breathe. But she was mistaken, he only did this so he could bend over her back reach under her and pull on her nipples, tugging on her piercings, the man was an animal, he was not intent with rubbing her gently or lightly pulling on her nipples. He pulled them and twisted them violently between his fingers seeking to inflict pain, whilst further crushing her with his weight as he lay over her, Luan continued to fuck her throughout as his brother abused her.
She realised these two enjoyed inflicting pain on women, she only hoped they would not go too far, for now the abuse had been painful, but her body had betrayed her, as her pussy was wetter than ever at the way she was being used. Dardan was clearly close to coming as his stream of expletives increased and between the stream of Albanian words Louise recognised a few; "cunt, whore, slut."
With little warning Dardan roared, holding her head firm he pushed his cock even further into her throat and began to pulse, directly shooting thick streams of cum down her throat. As he finished he slowly withdrew his cock, pulling her head up he looked into her face grinning and instructed her "tongue, clean."
She did as instructed, and ran her tongue over his cockhead and along his shaft ensuring she removed every last trace of his cum. He released his grip on her head and pulled his trousers up as he pushed his wilting cock back inside. Luan was still fucking her thoroughly and approaching his own orgasm, Louise felt him pulsing inside her as he gripped her hips tightly and buried himself deep inside her, she was starting to feel her own orgasm building just as Luan started to cum inside her.
He was clearly a heavy cummer, as he pumped into her for nearly a full minute, as he pulled out of her she felt his hand go to her pussy, he was cupping her as the cum dribbled into his hand from her cunt. Before she realised his intent he was in front of her and offering her his hand, she had no interest in eating his cum.
However, he was determined, holding her nose she had to open her mouth at which point he forced his cum covered fingers into her mouth, "clean slut" he told her.
Realising she had no option she began to lick and clean his fingers until she had eaten it all, these men clearly enjoyed humiliating and degrading women whilst using them. Despite herself she felt excited by the treatment she was receiving.
As she finished cleaning Luan's hand she saw Dardan was in the medical cabinet, what next she thought? She soon found out as he turned and brough a small black plastic box with him, he crouched by her face grinning excitedly, a look of fear on her face as he opened the box, looking down she saw a series of implements inside.
There appeared to be a selection of implements, clamps with heavy lead weights on them, Dardan selected two of them and connected them to her nipples, she squealed as they pulled hard on her nipples. He let out a laugh clearly pleased with himself, her eyes were then drawn to another series of clamps, these looked like crocodile clips with sharp looking teeth and wires connected to a small electrical unit with a power dial on it to determine the level of current applied.
He held one of the clips up showing her the teeth, just as she worried about him passing electricity across her chest and accidently killing her she realised he had no intention of using it on her breasts as he stood up and moved to between her legs. She could see nothing but felt his fingers as he attempted to grip her outer pussy lips, however they were so slick he could not grip them.
Seeing her watching him in the mirror, he grinned back and squeezed the clips open the metal teeth glinted in the bare bulb light. She then felt a series of sharp pricks like multiple needles as he closed the crocodile clip around her labia, she let out a scream, he laughed.
Luan now appeared in front of her and before she could say anything had put a heavy fabric bag over her head with a drawstring that was pulled around her head, she immediately found it hard to breathe but noticed the padding in the bag acted as a sound barrier. As the next clip was connected to her pussy, she realised the bag had another purpose it heighted her other senses as her sight, sense of smell and hearing were reduced to nearly zero, and any noise she made was absorbed by the liner.
Dardan connected another 5 clips to her pussy, 3 clips biting cruelly into each of her outer labia lips, the initial pain on her lips had been bad but strangely her pussy was continuing to respond and she remained increasingly aroused at the abuse.
She no longer knew what was being done to her or by whom and the not knowing heightened her sense of fear, she was as vulnerable as she had ever been to these two depraved Albanian criminals.
Louise could just make out some muffled conversation as she felt a tingling sensation in her pussy, she then realised they had started the electricity and where rapidly ramping up the current, they were now electrocuting her pussy, a sharp pulse of pain was shooting across her pussy every 5 or 10 seconds, she cried out at each shock and could just hear their laughter each time, she was losing all track of time as they played with her.
Clearly their play with her body was arousing them again as she felt a cock against her head, at least they would have to take the bag of her head if they wanted a blow job she thought. Some shuffling occurred at her head and then she heard a zip, the bag had a small zip just big enough for a cock, she felt the cock being pushed inside the bag towards her mouth and heard one word "suck."
She dared not delay as who knew what they would do if she failed to please them, she took the semi hard cock into her mouth and began to suck and lick at the head, she guessed it must be Luan's as it was not as thick as Dardan's cock. She felt more shuffling behind her and something being moved either side of the bench, she sensed someone above her and felt a pair of legs either side of her.
Dardan was straddling the bench over her body, with a foot on two solid boxes one either side of her, what next she thought? She had forgotten about the plug in her ass but clearly the brothers had not, the plug was pulled out leaving her ass gaping, she felt the heat of his erection as he sunk down into her, her pussy still receiving the sharp shocks as he sunk deeper into her ass, his hand on her back as he slowly began to fuck her ass.
She was now being spit roasted whilst receiving electrical shocks to her pussy, the combination of pain and pleasure was like nothing she had ever experienced. As the brothers used her holes she felt her orgasm building, she was so close as they continued to use her roughly, the jolts to her pussy weirdly now enhancing her pleasure as she revelled in the degradation. Just as she expected Luan to cum, he pulled out of her mouth, delaying her orgasm once more, he perhaps wanted to also use her ass before cumming.
The zip remained open and now without his cock, she could see a small amount of light but not much other than the floor beneath her and her hearing increased. Dardan continued to fuck her ass, he had more stamina having already cum once. As she started to feel her orgasm build once more the door opened, she was shocked as she heard another pair of footstep enter the room. She could make out some muffled noises but not what they were saying, they only stopped when she heard a strange grunting noise.
She had no idea who had entered the room or what else they might do to her, unable to move she felt incredibly vulnerable, it felt like at least 5 minutes had passed since the door had opened and still she did not know what was happening. Her eyes caught movement, below her a pair of boots appeared, swiftly followed by a set of chair legs as a chair was positioned in front of her head. She had no idea what was happening as the bag was suddenly removed from her head, blinded at the seemingly bright light after the darkness of the bag.
Straining her neck up she saw another crotch inches from her face, except instead of yet another cock being offered to her mouth a bare shaved pussy and stockings greeted her. There was a women sitting on a chair directly in front of her, she could not see above the woman's waist but she was, slim and tanned with a nice looking pussy. As she looked at the pussy, the woman shuffled forward raising her legs as the pussy was offered to her mouth.
Acquiescing, she pushed out her tongue to meet the smooth lips as they were pushed towards her, as her tongue traced across the lips she tasted the woman's juice but also cum, this pussy had just been fucked. Louise then realised Luan had fucked this woman after she had come into the room.
"Clean her slut." Dardan shouted, he was clearly enjoying the view and seeing Louise now eating this woman's wet cunt was driving him over the edge, he increased his pace and she could feel him become even harder. She felt like a whore as she licked Luan's cum from her new friends pussy.
Dardan was now fucking her ass hard, he came with a roar as she buried her tongue deeper into the soaking pussy, her own orgasm now hitting her as the woman ground her cunt into Louise's mouth. Thick loads of cum were now being deposited into her ass as Dardan emptied himself inside her.
Dardan climbed off her body, she felt spent, surely her fucking must now be over, however she heard more movement behind her, what where they doing now?
"Make her cum, eat harder." Dardan barked at her, she resumed her licking of the woman, running her tongue up and down her cunt, darting the tip of her tongue over the woman's clitoris before sucking and licking around it, the woman was now moaning deeply and clearly enjoying her licking.
Swish, Louise heard the sound before the impact those bastards had started to whip her, another swish, this one harder and heavier across her thighs, she realised both men must be standing either side of her and taking turns to whip her. There strokes where getting harder, they seemed determined to hurt her, how much could she take, she worried they would scar her.
As she thought this, the door crashed open, she heard shouting the whipping stopped and the woman in front of her screamed, before jumping off the chair and bolting out of the room. Louise's view no longer obscured by pussy she could see what was happening in the mirror, a tall muscular framed man had smashed through the door.
As he shouted at the two brothers, she recognised who it was, Nicolai. Dardan swore at Nicolai in Albanian but did not get to finish his insult as Nicolai's fist shot up and caught Dardan squarely on the jaw he reeled backwards, just as the second punch hit the side of his head, he collapsed out cold, in the corner. Luan stepped forward with the thick leather whip he had been using on Louise, as he struck it down toward Nicolai's face, Nicolai deftly stepped out of its way, grabbing Luan's wrist he pulled him down and slammed his knee up connecting with Luan's face.
The impact was immediate he crumpled onto the floor moaning and swearing, Nicolai kicked him and swore in Albanian at him.
He then spoke in English as he saw the men where no longer a threat, as he spoke he turned to look at Louise making eye contact "are you ok?"
"Yes, just about."
Nicolai turned the electricity off and slowly removed the clips from Louise's pussy, she moaned as the clips came off, the blood rushing back into her tender flesh causing more pain. He then reached underneath her and removed the weighted clips from her nipples, she cried out in pain and relief as they were removed.
Louise shouted to warn Nicolai as she saw Dardan grab a length of chain, Nicolai spun round catching the chain mid air as it swung towards him, pulling Dardan in he brought his elbow up onto Dardans jaw in a heavy blow. Nicolai watched as the man fell back beaten, he moved back to Louise removing the padlock from her neck, and then each wrist, before finally releasing her ankles.
The Brothers were now both sitting at the back of the room mumbling, Nicolai addressed them as Louise climbed off the bench and he supported her.
"You idiots come to my club, I give you my best whore and you disrespect my property by abusing it and pushing your luck."
The two men started to move, "stay there." Nicolai ordered, "you do not treat women, even whores like this, when you beat a woman too badly you lose her."
As he finished speaking, he pulled Louise into him, leaned into her, and kissed her deeply, his tongue slipping into her willing mouth, she responded to his touch and felt herself becoming aroused once more. Nicolai stepped back leading Louise to the side of the bench facing the two men, unzipping his jeans he pulled out his cock, pulling Louise back to him as she felt his cock between her legs.
She reached down found him and guided his rock-hard cock to her pussy, as he began to fuck her he turned her mouth to him and kissed her deeply.
He broke their kiss and turned to the brothers as he fucked Louise in front of them, the pain in her nipples and pussy now forgotten as his thick cock stretched her and filled her, his hardness increasing as he stoked her arousal with long hard strokes.
He held her hips and increased his pace, his own need clear, she pushed back into him as his speed increased and felt her own orgasm break as his began, she felt his thick spurts of spunk hitting the inside of her pussy as she moaned and came herself.
As he slipped out of her, he spoke; "get out of my club, and Dardan, be very clear if you attempt anything, you will pay with your lives, you know I am good for my word, now get out."
The two men got up and limped to the door, avoiding any further eye contact. The door closed, Nicolai turned to Louise, "I am sorry you were treated badly; I cannot afford my women to be damaged, and of course I do not want you hurt, are you ok?"
"Yes, nothing permanent, though I did not know how far they would go, how did you know?"
"All our rooms have discrete cameras for your safety and when I came into the club security room and saw how things where developing, I decided to intervene, and none too soon from what I found."
"Thank you." she felt a sliver of arousal knowing he had seen her used so brutally and exposed so explicitly.
Nicolai turned to the door, "I need to get back to some other clients, thank you for you work tonight and sorry they were idiots, you have earned this."
Louise accepted the thick envelope that he pulled from his jacket, "thanks."
"I will be in touch for more work, you can stay if you like, before you leave and if you want to use the bar please do. Or if you want to sneak out the back without any hassle from further punters, take the blue door at the end, it's a fire escape to the back of the building and a short alley to the main road."
"Another time, I need to get home." Nicolai nodded and left. Louise spotted her dress and purse on a chair in the far corner of the room and quickly dressed, fished out her phone and called John to pick her up, it had been another crazy night and her own appetite for the extreme continued to shock her.
Leaving shutting the black door behind her, Louise stepped into the corridor and spotted the blue door at the end, walking past several other colours she heard the familiar sounds of sex, it was clearly a busy night. She pushed open the door and stepped into the stairwell, hurrying down she soon found herself at the fire door on the ground floor, pushing the lever down she stepped out into the night.
She had not been here before but saw she was at the very back of the club and as Nicolai had mentioned there was a small alleyway that led behind the building and the adjacent garage back to the main road and through a small archway.
Louise looked around and could not see anyone so let the fire door go, it closed with a solid click, as she started to walk along the dark alley a faint light ahead of her as the path joined the main road. As she stepped into the archway, she sensed movement and tall dark figure appeared ahead of her, she turned to walk back in the direction of the club, but felt a strong hand grab her by the wrist.
Before she could say anything, she was pulled into the archway and a hand clamped over her mouth, the man whoever he was very strong, he leaned into her as he pulled her back to his chest and his groin to her bottom. "Hello Louise, you're ok, I won't hurt you, I just want to ask you a few questions."
Louise recognised the voice it was the police inspector who had been at her interview, she felt relieved, but also irritated at how he had scared the hell out of her.
"Oh, you scared the shit out of me, what do you want?"
"Like I said, a few questions." He had not released her and was clearly enjoying the proximity of their bodies as she thought she could feel a large bulge pressing into her.
"So, you have obviously been working, did you see two brothers in the club?"
"Yes, they were in the club."
"Did you see any other men with them, maybe a tall silver haired man in in his 60's?"
"I don't think so the place was busy, hold on, yes there was a man with Nicolai when I first arrived, wearing a dark suit, what do you want this for?"
"That does not matter I just need to know who is about, can you keep an eye out for me, on who is coming and going, and let me know?" "Don't worry I will be in touch I have your email, phone number and home address."
"What the hell? Why should I do this? I don't want to get involved in whatever you are up to."
"That's very cute Louise, but you are a whore working for an Albanian involved in some very dubious activity, I am working on something and believe I can trust you. I believe that; as I happen to know you are discrete professional and only doing this to pay the bills." Louise looked shocked at how much he knew.
He could sense her confusion, "Louise your husband parks 200 yds up the road in an industrial estate late at night, it was not hard to put two and two together when you arrived last time I noted his number plate as he was a new face as where you."
"So, I think you understand you need to help me, otherwise some very interesting security footage of you and several men might become public and I am not so sure that would help you or your husband's reputation."
"You bastard." Louise responded, irritated by his arrogance.
"So, we have a deal, and you will do as told or risk everything."
Louise nodded she knew he was right he had everything on her and John.
"Very good, well since we have a deal we should shake on it, however since you are a whore a blow job seems more appropriate." Without any further discussion he turned Louise around and pushed her down to his crotch.
Louise, squatted onto her heels and reached up to unzip DCI Thornes trousers, she reached inside and pulled out his thick erection, she was aware John would be concerned if she was late so taking him straight into her mouth she began to suck him in earnest. She could feel her arousal building as she pictured what she must look like, a hooker squatting in a dirty alleyway sucking off a Police officer.
She sucked him deeply before alternating to licking his cock head as she gripped the base of his cock and the wanked him into her mouth, running her tongue over his glans and tasting his precum.
He was breathing deeply, and she felt she could make him cum with a few more strokes, however he clearly had other ideas as he pushed her off his cock and pulled her up. Pushing her up against the rough alleyway wall he lifted her dress to her waist, she knew what was required and spread her legs whilst bracing herself against the wall with her head down and bottom pushed out to enable his access.
Thorne gripped her hip with his left hand as he guided his cock into her pussy, her slit already soaking from her arousal enabled him easy entry. Her lips slipped around the head of his cock as he pushed forward, he was urgent now, no finesse, as he started to fuck her roughly. Long deep strokes of his thick erection, he felt as hard as steel as he ploughed into her.
He was close, as he approached his orgasm Louise felt her own building, she started to moan "fuck me like a whore."
"You are a fucking whore, a filthy little fuck toy, now take my cum."
Louise moaned as his expletives continued, he was even harder now, she came just as she felt his own orgasm hit, his cock pulsing and shooting thick spurts of cum deep inside her used pussy. He held her panting as he emptied the last of his load into her cunt. He then pulled out and pulling her dress down wiped his cock on the material.
"Thanks, I will be in touch." With that he zipped up, turned from her, and disappeared back into the alleyway and towards the club. Louise felt the cum already leaking from her used pussy and dribbling down her leg. She checked she was now alone and reached between her legs, scooped the excess cum from her pussy before wiping her hand on her dress.
A short walk later and she emerged from the alleyway and after a quick scan spotted John's car, he had seen her, as he switched on his lights and pulled the car out and over to her side of the road.
She opened the door and climbed into the car, recovering the thick envelope from inside her purse and placing it on the dashboard, there was a towel on the passenger side, she grabbed it wiping between her legs as John watched. "Another successful night by the looks of it?" He commented.
"You could say that." She laughed wondering if this would ever become normal and realised there was no normal as a whore. John put the car in gear and drove home, "well how was it?" He asked.
"I will tell you all about when we get home but right now, I need to rest I am shattered."
"You also need a shower, you stink of sex, but then I guess my wife is a whore so it's expected."
Louise laughed and shut her eyes as they drove home.