It was a humid summer day in Florida. Jeff had just finished a run in the unwavering heat. Upon reaching the refreshing coolness of his air-conditioned home, Jeff stripped off his shirt and sipped a bottle water. Standing at 5'10", Jeff was fit, more lean than muscular, and proud of his body he worked hard to maintain. He had brown hair with equally dark brown eyes and an olive skin complexion.
He glanced over to the living room and saw Mary, his wife, sitting on the couch sipping her coffee. She was sitting cross-legged on the couch wearing one of Jeff's large button-down shirts. It was half undone and Jeff could just see Mary's left nipple peeking out from the loose top. Looking down, Jeff was able to make out Mary's red lace thong that the large shirt partially revealed in her exposed position.
Mary was a natural blonde, only 5'3", and had very small petite B cup breasts. She too worked out regularly and ate healthy to maintain her athletic frame from her younger years. This allowed her to have a plump ass that Jeff's friends always mentioned to him.
"We've got to do something about this heat" Jeff said with sweating beading down his chest. "We haven't been able to go outside for three weeks because of this heat"
"I think we need a beach day!" exclaimed Mary. " If we're going to be in the heat, we might as well embrace it and get some sun.
Although not avid tanners, Mary and Jeff did enjoy the occasional day on the beach with their favorite seltzers.
"It has been a while, hasn't it? I just wish the beaches here weren't so crowded, too many families on vacation with kids running around. It really makes it hard to relax." Jeff complained.
"Why don't we drive down the coast to a more secluded beach? I'm sure we could find something much quieter. Then we can have dinner in the evening and make a day out of it," Mary asked.
Suddenly, alarm bells in Jeff's head began sounding. Jeff was a slight exhibitionist/voyeur and always had the fantasy of taking Mary to a nude beach. Coincidentally, he had done some research and found a nude beach about an hour to the South and always thought it would be a sexy trip for the couple but never brought up out of fear of being shut down.
The idea of himself and Mary nude in front of others made his cock stir. Although Jeff's cock wasn't anything special, 5.5" in length with more girth than the average penis, he didn't mind showing it off with his toned body. He also wanted other men to see Mary's body. She worked very hard to look amazing but Jeff alone wasn't enough to convince her of how amazing her body truly looked. He hoped being looked at with desire by other men might improve her self-confidence. Lastly, although never having had a threesome or ever having thought about opening their relationship to others, Jeff was also turned on by the fact Mary would be able to see other penises, particularly ones bigger than his own.
"Hello?"
...Jeff snapped back to reality.
"That's a great idea, I'll do some research and find us a secluded spot and a romantic place for dinner afterwards."
"Wow, okay mister planner, let's see what you come up with!" Mary challenged.
Typically, Mary had to do the majority of decision making relating to trips, dinner, and general activities for the couple. Little did she know Jeff had a surprise up his sleeve.
For the next week, Jeff scoured forums pertaining to the nude beach. He developed a cover story so Mary wouldn't suspect it was the plan all along. A regular clothed beach was adjacent to the nude beach with a small parking lot shared between the two. There was another overflow parking lot on the far side of the nude beach. He knew the times it was busiest and sneakily decided to be "surprised" upon arrival to see the parking lot more crowded than they expected. He would then lead her further down the road to the overflow lot. Jeff then found a quiet dinner spot in a nearby town not far from the beach.
............
Saturday finally arrived. Jeff attempted to curb his excitement so Mary wouldn't suspect anything. He was up before her, and had the coffee brewing and breakfast finished before Mary rolled out of bed. He wanted to start packing the car, but feared Mary would question why he was so energetic. She always had a knack for catching surprises before they happened.
Following breakfast Mary began packing her bag while Jeff loaded the car. Mary hadn't decided on which bikini she wanted to wear. Jeff walked in the room following his second trip to the car and saw her choosing between two relatively conservative bikinis. Neither were high cut or very sexy in his opinion.
"Babe," Jeff said "Why don't you wear that cheeky bikini I bought for you last year?"
Jeff had purchased Mary a thong bikini last summer in hopes she'd be a little risqué, but she always refused out of fear someone she knows might recognize her at their local beach.
"Cheeky? It's not cheeky, it's a thong!" Mary rolled her eyes and glared back "Fine, this will probably be the only time I'll ever wear it, so consider yourself lucky."
Mary began rummaging through the depths of her bikini drawer until she found the skimpy red thong and matching unpadded triangle top hidden in the back.
"I still can't believe you bought me this thing, everyone and their mother will be able to see my nipples... Not to mention my butt"
Shaking her head in disapproval, she stood up and peeled her night shirt over her head and exposed her completely nude body underneath. Jeff's eyes widened as he noticed her perfectly smooth and hairless pubic area.
"Did you get a wax?" Jeff asked.
"Of course! I can't have loose hairs poking out of my bikini. I had a feeling you'd convince me to wear this one too so I made sure they waxed my ass too."
Mary spun around facing away from Jeff and spread her ass cheeks for him, revealing her perfectly groomed asshole.
Jeff was shocked. Mary was never this upfront sexually, particularly when discussing butt stuff. She winked her asshole at him, released her cheeks, and grabbed her red thong bottoms.
Jeff watched intently as she bent over and pulled up the bottoms. Her ass swallowed the thong and the thin red line of material disappeared between her cheeks. "Wow," Jeff muttered.
Mary noticed the stiffening in Jeff's pants. "You're too much sometimes" she giggled. "Too bad we can't waste precious sunlight. I guess you'll have to wait until tonight" as she playfully slapped her ass and made it jiggle, teasing Jeff.
Mary proceeded to pull a sheer coverup from the drawer and draped it over herself. The outline of her thong-clad ass was easily visible through the translucent fabric. As she passed Jeff to grab her flip flops, a ray of light passing through the window shown on her figure. As the light hit her coverup, it became transparent and her entire ass was on display. Jeff didn't say a word. He knew Mary would change if she was aware how revealing the outfit was.
......
Not long after, the couple was off. They made a brief stop at a local deli to pick up sandwiches and snacks for their long day in the sun. Jeff couldn't help but notice the many glances Mary was receiving from various men throughout the small shop. Jeff wasn't surprised, as her revealing bikini was hidden poorly beneath her sheer coverup. Jeff, once again, was fighting a rising hard on growing in his swim trunks. As she received the bag of sandwiches from the counter and turned to leave, Jeff lingered momentarily. The workers eyes left Mary's as she turned and immediately dropped to her voluptuous ass. His eyes then darted back up to Jeff's and he smiled with a sly grin. Jeff replied with a wink and followed his wife out the door.
........
To be continued