"C'mon Gladys, take the shot!" Simon shouted over the music in the bar, almost directly in my ear. I picked up the over-poured glass of tequila and threw my head back as the fire slid down my throat.
"blaarrghh," I winced and vigorously shook my head in pain. "Oh for fuck sake, is that bottom shelf shit? That was horrid, just horrid!" I danced around exaggerating my disgust.
Simon slapped the bar in front of us and laughed uproariously. "Bitch, its all downhill from here on out, get used to bottom shelf," He signalled the bartender, and before too long a pair of vodka cran graced our presence. I picked mine up and gingerly took the straw to my mouth for relief. I looked over at Simon and saw him turn and lean on the bar to scan the crowd.
"Happy Birthday Sal, 26, it's your night,"
I looked at Simon's preoccupied face before turning to cruise the men on the dance floor. It was indeed my 26th birthday, and unlike the messy drama that accompanied my quarter-life bash, I opted for a night out with my bestie Simon. It was just supposed to be a couple drinks at the bar with no real plan but if I was being completely honest, like most nights I head out with Simon, I was hoping he'd finally take my hand and drag me off to bed.
Sal was short for Salim, and I haven't had the easiest time in the boy department since moving to the city. There were more gays here than where I grew up in the burbs, but - well, I dunno. I could run down a laundry list of things I hated about myself that made me undesirable. I'm too skinny, I'm a bit of a nerd, maybe my full name turns people off, or my skin-tone? My dad was Sri Lankan, my mom Canadian, so my skin was more a light caramel - and frequently the source of fetishization online. Was I Asian, or Hispanic, or a hairless Italian? Every once in awhile, my dick would lead the way and I'd hook up with the least racist guy on the apps, but it never turned into a relationship, or even a reoccurring fuck.
But I guess it wouldn't be growing up gay if you weren't constantly wondering what was wrong with you. Shrug. I mean, I had some things going for me too. I had clear skin, 6ft tall, and I liked my slender frame. My chest was hairless, which made me look younger, but it also made me a little insecure about how hairy my ass was. Because, like - you'd see me naked from the front, and it'd be like a young guy with normal pubes and leg hair, but to turn around, to see that strip of hair cutting between my cheeks, and the fur that covered them, it just seemed imbalanced, if that makes any sense. Hey, my hang ups, right? Whatever they make fun of you for in the gym showers growing up, is your own cross to bear I suppose.
The thing that I was always trying to figure out though, was why Simon never made the move to fuck me. He'd been one of my best friends since moving to the city and I've seen him go out and hook up with just about anyone and anything, so why not me?
Simon was shorter than me, with a sturdy build, and I've seen him shirtless- he's got some visible abs going on underneath those polos he always wore. He had dirty blonde hair kept in a close crop to disguise a little thinning, and a good smile. A standard issue white gay boy approaching his thirties who wasn't pretty and young, or ripped and completely hot. He fucked anything that moved, so why didn't he ever see me doing jumping jacks to get his attention? Gay friendship is weird.
In any case, I was glad I had decided to just hang with him on my birthday, because we were able to hit the dance floor, drink, and flirt with boys without having folks pull us in all these other directions, tending to drama. We had initially planned to bar hop, but were having too much fun to leave Jerry's.
Towards the end of the evening, I was at the bar settling up the tab when I spied Simon kissing a tall young guy near the back room. I was still catching my breath from dancing, when my heart jumped into my throat, and I felt jealousy seep into frame. What did that other guy have that I didn't? The alcohol that had fogged my brain was fuelling the lingering desire and self-doubt, Simon probably never saw me as sexual, maybe that was it. I looked around for someone to make out with, to give Simon a little show, but could only see my terrible ex heading into the bathroom. My eyes widened and alarm bells went off. I darted over to Simon and tapped him on the shoulder.
"Dude, MALCOM is here!" Simon lifted his face from his make-out partner to give me a quizzical look. "You know, MALCOM!" His eyes got big, and he extricated himself from the other boy.
"Oh shit, did you wanna go then?" He turned to guy he'd been kissing. "Sorry, its an ex thing. I've gotta," Simon motioned towards the bar.
"Don't worry, we're paid up," I called to him as I headed towards the side door. Simon gave his boy toy a pert wave before ambling outside into the alley beside me.
"You sure that was him?"
"Yuppp. He grew his hair out, but I still know that stupid forehead, ugh. I hate him so much,"
"Yeah, well..." Simon trailed off as we went deeper into the alley. "Did you have fun tonight up until that point?"
I let out a breath I'd been holding and laughed. "Yesss, omg! I can barely feel my face right now," Simon sidled up to me, putting his arm around my waist. I draped my arm over his shoulder as we stumbled past dumpsters talking about all the different guys we'd hoped to hook up with. My dick started to thicken in my shorts as his arm gripped me. Maybe tonight?
"whoaaaa, hold up, hold up."
Simon stopped dead in his tracks and pulled me from taking another step. He silently nodded his head in the direction we were heading, towards a man who was standing by the fence completely naked.
My eyes nearly fell out of my head, and I had to cover my mouth for fear of busting out in laughter. How fucking drunk were we? Was this a mirage? And I guess in hindsight, how stupid were we to think that by stopping and standing still, that this naked guy wasn't going to notice us there?
He turned to look at us, and with a simple nod of his head, spoke:
"Hey"
The guy just stood there completely casual without a stitch of clothes on, and without making a move to hide. I exchanged glances with Simon who had an open mouthed smile on his face, a bit in awe of the situation. He folded his arms and brought a balled fist to his mouth, pondering what he would say. I looked to the shadows and saw another man sat on the lid of a recycling bin. He was around the same age as all of us, wore jeans, t-shirt and a simple jacket. Like the naked guy, he also had a trimmed beard, but wore a drooping side cut. Our nude friend had his head completely buzzed, a dark stubble topping him off.
But like, what the hell am I talking about hair for? At least the stuff on his head.
Here was a completely naked man standing in an alley with strangers looking at him. What about him??
My eyes darted back and forth between nude guy and Haircut (my names for them now) as it sunk in that they were a pair of some sort, but not understanding what their activities pertained to. Haircut was completely dressed, and didn't seem to be approaching his naked friend for some action. He didn't have his dick out, ready to be blown, nor did he seem too concerned that the naked guy's clothes were strewn about the dirty concrete, or that they had visitors.
"Did uh, we interrupt anything?" Simon spoke up first, trying to come off as chill. To be honest, I was now openly gawking at naked guy, too preoccupied to devise appropriate chit chat for this scenario.
Naked guy just continued to stand there, unmoving with his hands folded behind his back. He was trim, with a defined chest and a smattering of chest hair that trailed all the way down to- well, his balls. Unlike most times I ogled a shirtless guy's body, I was used to stopping the treasure trail journey at the belt line. Not here. He had muscled thighs and bare feet with noticeably long toes. His face was blank, and I marvelled at all the time I had to look at a naked man like this. Typically, nudity begat touching, and touching came with fucking, then it was shower time and clothes then out the door and forgot your name already. It felt odd to be staring at this guys long skinny dick, limply hanging atop his balls out in the open.
I couldn't tell if I found the guy to be hot, or if it was the situation.
Haircut spoke "Ah, we're just out for a walk tonight,"
Simon chuckled "It IS nice out tonight, not too- uh... chilly?" He pressed his hand to his mouth to stifle a laugh at his own remark.
"Well, I like to go out for late night walks with my boy here, and air him out a little, y'know. Show him off. He likes exposing himself,"
Simon and I looked at "boy" for some sort of quiet affirmation. He stood there still, head bowed and grinning. "Uh, yup," Was his only reply.
Now, I must have sounded like a proper idiot with what I said next, but in all honestly- the entire situation was crazy so... "WELL, he looks just FANTASTIC! So why the hell not? Good for him!"
Seriously. "Good for him?" I'm a tool.
Simon let out a laugh and clapped his hands together. "This is awesome," he muttered. "I love this, this is great". Even the "boy" seemed to ease up a little, his face brightening as he looked over at the two of us. Whatever weird little sex game we'd stumbled upon here, it was all good.
"You guys wanna take a picture with him?" haircut offered, his hand out. Simon and I looked at each other like, this is nuts but do you wanna? Neither of us were feeling any pain after the bar earlier. I gave him a shrug, and he fished his phone out of his pocket, hesitantly offering it to Haircut. What was gonna happen if the guy ran off with his iPhone? We keep his naked slave?
I walked over and put my arm around "boy" smiling at him as Simon followed suit. Haircut tapped the screen of the phone and told us to smile. "Dicks!" we shouted out as a stream of photos were taken. "Cool, I think we're good here," Haircut offered as he lowered the phone.
"Hold on, I've got an idea," Simon said, as he leaned around "boy" to whisper to me. "We're gonna moon the camera on the next one!" I rolled my eyes at him.
"Seriously?" I slurred at him, but whatever doubt I had didn't tell my hands, because I was already unbuckling my belt and turning around. Feeling that subconscious worry about my hairy ass through a drunken haze, I just barely dropped trou to reveal the tops of my cheeks. Haircut noticed.
"Aw, come on now, if you're going to do it slim, you really gotta let it all out!"
"no, no," I demurred, pulling my pants up and turning around. "that's good for me,"
As Haircut tried to playfully coax out another shot, Simon interjected.
"He's the birthday boy! Its his night!"
"Well fuck, birthday boy eh? Lets get some pictures of the birthday boy with MY boy here," Simon moved out of frame, taking his place beside Haircut, who kept taking pictures. I started doing all sorts of poses with the naked guy, pretending to look shocked, leaning down like I was going to blow him, arm around his shoulder throwing peace signs, everything. Eventually, Haircut had handed Simon back his phone, and the two of them were taking pictures. Feeling a bit daring, i whispered into the naked guy's ear "Can I touch you... there?" He gave me a simple "sure" and I reached down to cup his cock and balls together in one hand. Simon hooted, and started giving me encouragement.
"Atta boy, your present is already unwrapped, what now??"
Naked guy had turned at my easing and bent over, so I grabbed his hips and pretended to fuck him, making faces to the camera the whole time. Snap, snap, snap. It was funny playing mock porn star, and maybe the teensiest bit hot having my crush Simon taking pictures.
"Maybe you should shake his dick like you're shaking hands," Haircut suggested from behind his phone. I wondered if he was taking pictures or video of all of this.
I had turned to face naked guy, who wasn't much shorter than me, and felt a bit self conscious for some reason. I was clothed, this guy wasn't, and I was about to shake his dick. It felt stupidly formal, yet waaaaay personal. I looked over to our camera people, then back down to my naked friend. I took his penis in my hand, gripping it smartly before facing the camera for a smile and a thumbs up. There was some laughter in the dark, and I giggled a little while holding still for the shot. Haircut called out "perfect" and I looked "the boy" in the face warmly. And then, I heard Simon make a suggestion.
"You should both be shaking each other's dicks... that would be hot,"
I swear to god, my entire body and soul were in upheaval at this suggestion, every sensible part of my brain was like "noooo, no no, no way,", my face flushed even as I was having my picture taken holding a strangers dick- BUT, the notion that Simon, of all people, had said that seeing my dick would be hot - the horny adrenaline that shot up my spine...My meagre protests were betrayed by the nimble little fingers, unbuttoning the front of my shorts.
In all the playfulness, even as I handled a naked guy, my dick had softened, so as I pushed the waistband of my underwear down, and under my balls, I muttered excuses. "lemme just...uh" I offered as i tried to fluff myself up. "Let me..." the naked guy took my cock in his hand and began to resuscitate it. I lifted my shirt and looked down as he massaged me to semi-hardness.
"Looks good to me," Haircut shouted over, breaking our reverie. I looked over as they snapped pics. I remember looking at the jpgs much later and noticing the change in my expression from when things were relatively chaste, and I wasn't showing off my cock. You could see the apprehension in my face. Snap, snap, snap. I took the naked guy's cock in my hand and we began mutually rubbing one another.
"Now you guys should stand together, cocks facing out- same direction," Simon seemed to be getting creative all of a sudden. We disentangled ourselves and shifted position.
"You're blocking him," Haircut waved his hand for me to move to the side. We repositioned for the cameras again, and I looked over for approval. Snap, snap, snap.
The thing that I remember about these shots, was how there was a visible sweat stain under my arm, as I looked into he camera with my semi-erect cock out in the wind. I don't remember it being that hot, and I don't remember being too panicky, but to look at the pictures, I was definitely sweating it.
I wiggled my dick and tried to be cute, unsure of how to compliment the presentation of my naked friend. Snap, snap, snap. I'd heard a noise and whipped my head around to the street where a car drove by. I was starting to get a bit nervous, and ready to shut things down. Naked guy moved in front of me and put his arms around my neck in an embrace.
"This is so hot, do you want me to suck you off for them?" Our cocks mashed together below, and I grew harder at the suggestion, but adamant I wasn't going to...
"I love that," Snap, snap, snap "You should take off your shirt, kid." I don't know how much older Haircut thought he was than me, but it felt kind of odd, to be called "kid". Nonetheless, I shook my head and started to craft my exit strategy as naked guy began to pull my shirt upwards. I gently resisted.
"C'mon Gladys, lose the shirt," I looked over at Simon somewhat shocked. "it'd be an amazing contrast, him so hairy and you so smooth," I gulped as I scanned Simon's face for his usual humour. We'd always gotten along so well, I was used to seeing that mischievous twinkle in his eye when he was playing around- except this time, he seemed... hungry. I was lost in his eyes as the naked guy pulled my shirt up over my head, arms instinctively letting him strip off my top. I felt the cold night air across my back, chilling me to my nipples and making me shiver. Feeling as though I'd done my part losing the shirt, I tried to tuck my erection back into my underwear so I could do up my shorts. A pair of thick, tattooed hands grabbed my wrists and stopped me. Haircut was in my space now, and stopping me from getting back a little modesty.
"Nah man, you were doing so well... c'mon, don't put it away."
I hesitated, then let my arms fall to my sides. I looked straight ahead to the bins and tried not to think about Simon being there for this. Haircut moved his hand up over my stomach then chest as he encircled my neck. He brought his face alongside my ear and I could smell the beer and weed on his breath as my heart raced.
"I'm not going to do it for you... boy... If you want someone to see all of you, then you have to do it yourself."
The wind stilled, and I began to smell my own body odour. Haircut had stepped back but was inches from my face as he locked eyes and waited. I was shirtless in a back alley, with my shorts undone, partially slid off my hips, and the tip of my erect penis stuck crudely from the waistband of my underwear. Somewhere behind me was a man more naked than myself, before me my best friend and a man pulling at my truths. Haircut raised his eyebrows as a challenge, setting me in motion as I hooked thumbs into briefs and bent over, pushing my last bit of clothing downward. Haircut stepped back as I straightened up in weak defiance. My hard on curved upward, throbbing with my pulse.
"Pretty now, isn't she? Take his picture,"
My eyes found Simon as he moved deftly in front of me, taking pictures, video, live streaming- I had no idea what he was doing with his iPhone, but he moved slowly and wore a slight grin on his face. I could see naked guy by the recycling bins now, going through a messenger bag, and realized that I was the only one on display. Simon moved closer with the camera, moving up to my crotch, then my face. I started to shift uncomfortably and quietly begged Simon to wrap things up, but he had other ideas.
"C'mon birthday boy, lets see that ass now," He grabbed my arm and tried to twirl me around, but I fought it and spoke up.
"No Simon, c'mon we're done!"
Simon stepped forward in a quick motion, planting his front foot on my shorts and underwear.
"No we're not Sal," Just as Haircut had done, Simon moved his face close to mine, his lips at my ear. "Step out of these, I want to see you naked buddy, completely naked," He kissed my ear. "Show me everything."
And that was it, I was in.
With his foot on the last of my clothes, I stepped forward, freeing myself completely. I toed off my shoes, and bent down to pull my socks off. The grit of the asphalt told me this was real, and I stood for a moment, on pause to let Simon walk around me and look at my hairy ass. For whatever concerns I'd had, everything was over now. I was entirely bare and open. I felt Simon's presence circle me with the camera, and for whatever reason, when I looked up and saw the naked guy, I felt a kindred spirit. I walked to where he was standing by the bins, grabbing his face in my hands and kissing him deeply. Our bodies slammed together, and I could feel his hands reach down to clench and pull open my ass. The cool raw air on my puckered hole was like fucking heaven, and I bucked my cock into his hip.
Everything from that evening fogged over my reasoning. The booze, Simon's kiss on my ear, the feeling of being exposed, the fucking thrilling freedom just took over, and I was lost.
I pushed my naked friend against the wall, grinding into his body and forcing my tongue down his throat. He brought his hands up to shove my shoulders, spinning me backwards and up against a chainlink fence. The submissive was taking a more forceful role now, moving his body against mine and making me grab the top of the fence for balance. I could tell by the widening grin on his face that I'd just made a defensive mistake. He reached down and hooked the underpart of my knees, making me hang from the fence as he lined up his cock to my asshole.
I readied myself for him, taking deep breaths as his spongy erection poked away between my cheeks trying to find the entrance. I figure he'd felt this was inevitable because he'd gone and lubed his cock for the moment, so in no time, he pushed into me once, and then deeper past my o-ring. It felt huge and incredible, and I squeezed my eyes shut trying to enjoy the moment. He fucked me quickly in that position, and as I felt my arms give out, he squished me against the fence and sped up, like he was racing to cum. I had to break the moment by tapping him on the shoulder, and he withdrew so I could put my legs down and get some footing. By that time, Haircut had drug out a bindle of tied up cardboard, where I was able to lay chest first while spreading my legs and opening myself to another round. Cock went in, and began to steadily pound away at me as Simon and Haircut resumed filming.
They circled the two naked guys as they fucked, camera phones out, most likely on video, every position, every angle, every groaning and moaning facial expression. At some point, Haircut put his phone away and pulled my arms, I guess so I could feel restrained. When he stood up again, he looked to Simon and gestured with his hand, I suppose as an offer. Simon looked at me and smiled, shaking his head and gesturing back. With that, Haircut unzipped his pants and pulled out his uncut cock. He gave it a few strokes, before pulling back the foreskin and walking it over to my face.I glanced up woefully at Simon as the strange dick passed my lips, a new musk and flavour filling my mouth. I locked eyes with my best friend as he held his camera phone steady. It felt like revenge as much as it felt like I was pleasing him.
What started out as a random happenstance event, running into an exhibitionist in a back alley- sure escalated quickly. There I was taking pictures with a naked guy, to getting my dick out and becoming the naked guy, to getting fucked and sucking cock while my crush filmed me, splayed out on garbage.
I was laid on the smooth end of the cardboard bindle, the tops of my thighs and dick rubbing against the ragged cut edges on the side. The cock that slid in and out of my ass was fucking godly, and the way he pounded me, I could feel my ass cheeks jiggle. It was a tough angle to suck cock, but I did my best, holding still while letting Haircut fuck my face. He had a gym worn funk to his piece which was a welcome distraction from the smells of the nearby dumpsters.
And then there was Simon, hovering around with his phone. I'd try to look for him when I could, instinctively pushing my ass back harder trying to perform, to show him just how hard I could take it. I wanted him to see me as a fuckable ass and desperate mouth willing to do anything. I guess there was also part of me that wanted to say "fuck you Simon!" and show him what he was missing. I was giving him and his camera a solid glare as the naked guy hit my prostate at just the right angle. My head dropped and Haircut's cock fell out of my mouth as i growled. This set off my assailant, and he dug his fingers into my hips as he shot spurt after spurt into my guts, shaking and moaning. He withdrew and fell back amongst the trash, I tried to turn over when Simon put his palm on my lower back and told me to stay still. He turned the light on his camera to film my furry ass and bent down. He first tried to spread my cheeks with his spare hand, before instructing me to do it for him. I reached around and grabbed my sweaty hindquarters, closing my eyes and feeling incredibly turned on by the exposure. I could feel cum dribbling from my hole and onto my ball-sack.
"turn over, cmon,"
I lost track of who was talking to me but followed the order, turning and situating myself on top of the cardboard.
"spread your legs and play with your cock," The light on Simon's Camera was blinding up against the night sky. I reached for my hard on desperately needing release. The bodies that hovered over me were an all too eager audience, and I wasn't quite done performing yet. My spare hand found my sore, wet hole and I fingered myself while jerking off. Without warning, a familiar funk hit my face as Haircut hauled out his dick and slapped me with it as he rubbed himself. I was getting close, with my finger up to the knuckle as the first cumshot roped across my face, then another. The salty bleach taste finally took me across the finish line and I bucked my hips, raising my knees to my chest as hot relief glazed my belly.
Simon took his time getting the coverage. Me laid upon trash, exhausted, spent, covered in cum with fingernail scratches along my hips and my hairy asshole matted with leaking jizz.
Happy Birthday to me...
* * * * *
Epilogue:
There's no coming back from an experience like that.
I imagine, if its the kind of scene you work out with your partner or loved one, theres a processing of things, some aftercare. Anything.
With Simon and I - I don't know.
There was enough casual politeness in the moment of cleaning up and getting dressed, of walking one home. Checking in texts a day or two later, then carrying on as if life was normal.
We didn't talk about the pictures or the videos in the weeks after. There were times that I'd see Simon at the bar or a friends event, and I'd see him showing people his phone and laughing. And I was wondering if he was showing me off. Did he keep the images? Are the videos in the cloud somewhere?
In some way, just as I never asked him to fuck me- I didn't want to know the answer. In some ways, I wanted there to be a chance that he was jerking off every night looking at me naked.
Then one night, we both ended up at a mutual friend's dinner party lounging amongst a crowd in the living room. I had stepped out to grab a drink from the porch, and when I came back, one of the hosts was trying to help Simon beam his phone to the TV. I had an out of body experience and nearly dropped my beer the moment Simon glanced over to me with a grin. I was hit with a full body blush, if not meltdown, fearing what was about to happen. Even if he wasn't about to show everyone what kind of depraved cum slut I was, what are the odds something would be accidentally shared. I wanted to run from the room like a man on fire, but my feet were rooted to the spot.
"aww, shit- I don't think he has the right update to share a screen. No vacation photos tonight folks," Our host held up his hands to jokingly shush the crowd of friends. Simon shrugged. I started breathing again.
"You'll just have to trust me, the Amalfi Coast had some hot men, and all my breakfasts were pretty!" Everyone had a good chuckle, and conversations were restarted. I chugged my beer as I made my way through the house. I went upstairs and stole into the master bath, past a pile of coats. I looked in the mirror and took a deep breath. Suddenly jolted by a soft knock.
"Hey Sal, its Simon- can you let me in?"
What the ever living fuck did... I ran my fingers through my hair, turned and unlocked the door. Simon slid in, closing and locking it behind him. We looked at each other for the longest time, unspeaking.
"Did you uh..." His words hung in the air between us, seemingly unsure of how to pose the question. This would be the first time we discussed the photos. Wanting to bridge the gap, I offered to finish his sentence.
"Did I what? Did I think you were gonna broadcast my, uh... sex... tape?" I arched my eyebrows, awaiting his response, trying not to sound mad or accusatory. He looked so cute tonight, well groomed with a tuft of chest hair sticking out from the neck of his polo shirt. He stepped in close, and all I could think of was that kiss on my ear.
"No," His hand reached down, palming the front of my pants and discovering my erection. "I was going to ask... did you get hard thinking I was going to expose you in front of everyone?"
Like I said, there was no coming back from an experience like that. You took what happened, and changed.
I unbuttoned my pants and carefully pulled them down. My cock sprung out, with a string of pre-cum stretching out from the tip. Simon's eyes went from my cock to my face, then back again. I removed my pants and underwear, leaving them in a puddle on the floor.
You may have thought you knew exactly what you wanted, but after things happen, learn you desired something different altogether.
Without prompting I took the hem of my shirt and pulled it off my body, standing inches away from Simon, my crush... my voyeur, naked once more. He smiled and touched my face. My cock throbbed and a gob of pre-cum fell to the tile.
"Show me your hole,"
And I was all in.