Welcome to the battle of the Bernadette vs Penny website series, Episode7!
Bernadette was on the phone with a local TV channel's morning producer.
"Yes, Mrs. Rostenkowski, we..."
"Please, call me Bernie."
"Oh! Yes, of course. Well, uh, Bernie, we took a look at your website, "Bad Bernie". As you may know, one of our competitor's had one of your rivals on as a guest a couple of weeks ago. Were you aware of that?"
She was very aware of Penny's appearance. Bernadette nearly had a stroke while she watched Penny and Leonard fuck, suck, and cum all over the producer and host of the show during their appearance. That show broke every ratings record for the TV station. Now the rival TV channel was calling Bernadette
"Um, I believe I heard about it."
"Well, we'd like to bring you on as a guest of our morning show,Pasadena Morning. Are you familiar with it?"
"Oh, yes, of course. It's a favorite of mine." Actually, the show that Penny was on used to be her favorite. "I'd be happy to be a guest on your show. My website was up and running first, has more views than hers, and is 10 times better than hers. My ratings are going to blow her ratings out of the water!"
"Yes, well, we can only hope. That would be great. Hey, uh, the, uh, 'suits' -- my bosses -- would very much like to 'meet' you, if you know what I mean. Would you be amenable to that?"
"Line 'em up!"
"Oh! Sure. Great. We'll see you then."
A few days later, Bernadette was on the set ofPasadena Morning, along with Raj and Stuart. They were seated around a large, raised table, in front of a long mural of the Pasadena skyline. Seated at one end of the table were the hosts of the show, Randy Rogers, a tall, handsome man who looked like he fell out of the pages of the latest GQ, and the ravishing blonde and former Playboy Playmate Candy Johnson.
The set lights came up and the cameras flicked on, along with the hosts.
"Welcome to anotherPasadena Morning!Thanks for waking up with us! I'm Randy Rogers."
"And I'm Candy Johnson. Today we've got what should be a really interesting show lined up for you. Joining us in the studio are 'Bad' Bernie Peaks (she created a stage name for the show), and two of her co-stars, Raj 'Caramel' Koothrappali, and Stuart 'The Python' Bloom." Unbeknownst to the guys, Candy came up with nicknames after watching the videos on Bernadette's website. The two men looked at either with surprised looks on their faces, then smiled and nodded.
Raj leaned in to Stuart and whispered, "Dude! Your nickname makes you sound like a comic book hero!"
Stuart grinned. "Or like a badass villain."
"Oooooo, dude! A badass villain! That's even betta!"
Randy looked towards Bernadette. His eyes bounced from her incredible breasts that were on full display, to her shimmering eyes. "So, Bernie, you're the owner and star of the "Bad Bernie" website, is that correct?"
Bernadette sat up straight and proud. The studio lights made the sheer white t-shirt she was wearing almost transparent. It was quite obvious she had gone sans bra today. Her dark pink areolas were plain to see, and her gumdrop-sized nipples were practically shredding the light material. Emblazoned across her chest were the words "I banged Bernie!" with her website underneath them.
She smiled into the camera. "That's right, Randy!"
Randy looked into his camera. "Folks, Bernie's website has become a national sensation. And it's based right here in Pasadena! In her numerous sex videos you'll probably recognize some local landmarks."
*****
Penny spit out her cereal. "What the...holy crap on a cracker! Leonard! Get in here! Quick! You've gotta see this!" she chuckled when she saw Bernadette on her TV.
Leonard came racing into the living room from Penny's bedroom. "What?! What's going...holy crap! Is that...what's she doing on there?!"
Penny grinned. "That conniving little bitch! Good for her!"
"Uh, yeah, good for her," Leonard said quite unsure of himself.
She shook her head. "She's gonna have a hard time hiding this from Howard now. Ha!"
"Yeah...Howard..."He's gonna find out about the website! Then he's going to see all of us fucking his wife! This isn't good!
"Look at that shirt she's wearing! Jesus Christ! You can see right through it!"
"Yeahhhhh, look at that. Look at those tits. Wow," he sighed.
Penny shot him a look. "Really?Really?I'm right here. You like those big, fat titties of hers? Huh?"
Leonard snapped out of his gaze at the screen. "Oh! Uh, no. Nooooooo. Who would like those? Ewwwwwww! I mean, it's like a train wreck. I want to look away but I can't."
Penny frowned. "Shut up, Leonard. You're such a terrible liar."
*****
Candy chimed in. "Bernie, why don't you tell us a little bit about yourself."
Bernie went into her life story. Catholic up bringing. Her father is a retired police officer. Her mother smoked while she was pregnant with Bernadette and ran an illegal daycare in the basement of their home. Four younger siblings. Straight A student in her all-girl Catholic high school as well as in college, noting that some of those grades may or may not have been aided with "after class extra credit exercises" that may or may not have involved oral "arguments" and "exams" of her now-famous chest.
"Is it true you weren't allowed to ride a bike as a child because your parents were afraid you would lose your virginity if you hit a bump?" Randy asked.
Bernadette nodded. "Yes, that's true."
"And now you own a pornographic website where you're the star."
"What's your point?" Bernadette asked sharply.
"Between the over bearing cop father, the overly protective mother, and the extreme Catholic upbringing, would you say that's what drove you to rebel and have abnormal amounts of sex with strangers, record your sexual escapades, and place them on the web for the whole world to see?"
Bernadette's eyes narrowed. "What? Are you a shrink or something, Randy? Is this Dr. Phil?" Raj and Stuart both knew that tone of voice. It frightened them. It had the same effect on Randy.
"Oh, uh, well, uh, no. I'm, uh, just, you know..."
Candy stepped in to save her shaken co-host. "And these are two of your co-stars, Raj and Stuart? Isn't that correct, Bernie?"
Bernie shifted her focus away from a cowering Randy. "That's right, Candy. These two really get me going, if you know what I mean," she said with a wink.
"Did you know them before you started having sex with them? Did you hold auditions? How did that work exactly?" Candy asked. She smiled at Raj and Stuart. "How exactly did you meet these very talented, handsome young men?"
Bernadette squirmed in her chair. "Well, uh, I, um, yes, I had met them before, you know..."
Raj nodded and smiled. "I'm her husband's best friend. Ow!" Bernadette kicked him under the table.
"And I'm his bestie," Stuart said, nodding at Raj.
Randy and Candy both looked at Bernadette and asked in unison, "Husband?!"
"Well, uh, you know...husband...ha ha ha...No, uh, no, there's no husband." Bernadette looked into the camera with bedroom eyes. "I'm single as single can get, guys. I'm available for each and every one of you." Bernadette glared at Raj. "He...he...it must be the bright lights. I think the bright lights have him confused."
Raj jumped in his seat. "Ow! Yes, yes, I...I'm confused. I must be thinking of another best friend whose wife and I have wild, crazy sex with on a regular basis," he said without conviction while he reached under the table and rubbed his aching shin.
After an awkward silence, Candy finally said, "Moving right along...Bernie has been kind enough to agree to share with us some tips and tricks on how to be a porn star. Shall we get started?" No one objected. "Okay, great. Randy, would you like to help Bernie demonstrate?"
"Uh, yeah, absolutely." The girls were surprised by the hesitation in his voice.
Randy and Bernadette both climbed off of their elevated chairs. Randy and Bernadette were face-to-face in profile to the cameras.
"First of all, Candy, men want to be the focus of your attention," Bernadette said while she moved in and rubbed against Randy.
"That must be tough when you're getting gang banged by two, three, or even more men as you have," Candy observed.
"Well, it can be, Candy. In all honesty, it's not that hard to make a man feel special when pure, unadulterated sex is involved, even when you're servicing more than one man at a time. As long as they're, you know, thingy is happy, they're pretty happy." She paused. "But I'm sure you know all about that, Candy," Bernadette said snidely while she ran her hands up and down Randy's chiseled chest. The camera caught Candy glaring back at Bernadette. "Most men seem to like naughty talk, too. How nasty can I get?"
Real fucking nasty!Raj thought to himself with a smile.
"Get as nasty as you want, Bernie. We're on a 15 second delay. We'll just bleep out anything inappropriate," Candy assured her.
"Oh-ho-ho, we're gonna keep the censors busy today," Bernadette giggled. "Okay, here we go." She stared into Randy's hazel eyes. "So, Randy, do you like my tits? Hmmmm? Do you like my big, fat tits?" she cooed while she rubbed against him.
"Oh, uh, yeah, mmmmmhmmmm. They're, uh, great," Randy said, quite unsure of himself.
"I'll bet you want to grab them. Don't you want to grab them? I know I want you to." She grabbed his hand and lifted it to her chest. Randy softly, gently caressed the breast the camera could see, then raised the other hand and palmed the flesh out of sight. "Mmmmmm, that's nice. That feels gooooood." She squeaked when he pinched an erect nipple poking through her shirt.
"Oh yeah, they feel awesome," Randy replied.
"So, Bernie, are those real? Or have you had implants? " Candy asked. She could already feel the heat building between her legs.
"These babies are all real," Bernadette said proudly. "How about yours, Miss Centerfold? Are those real or plastic?" she asked with disdain. Just as with Penny, Bernadette quickly viewed the pretty, homecoming queen blonde as her sexual rival.
"Mine are all natural, thank you very much," Candy snapped back.
"Sure they are," Bernadette sarcastically replied before she turned her attention back to Randy who was still fondling her. "So, how 'bout it, Randy? Would you like for me to suck your cock? Hmmmm? Would you like for me to drop to my knees and suck your big, fat cock?" She started to slide down his body.
"Uh, yeah, sure. I mean, who wouldn't, right?"
Bernadette dropped out of sight behind the raised table until all you could see was the very top of her head. The boom mic clearly picked up the sound of a zipper. Randy grunted when she reached inside his pants and gripped him with her small, soft hand.
"Awwww, isn't that cute?" Bernadette whirred while she held his limp noodle. "Are you nervous, Randy?"
Randy went red with embarrassment. "Well, I, uh, I've never, you know, done it with, you know, an audience."
Amateur!Raj chuckled to himself.
*****
"Awww, poor guy," Penny said sympathetically.
"Yeah, poor guy," Leonard said flatly. He didn't feel bad for him at all. Watching a handsome, popular guy fail sexually actually brought him joy.
*****
"Really? Never?" Candy asked with surprise. She also found herself surprisingly disappointed. She suddenly realized she was quite curious to see how big her co-host was.
Randy shook his head. "No, never," he said quietly.
"Well, let's take care of that today," Bernadette purred.
Randy's head snapped backwards when Bernadette took him into her mouth. "Gah!"
Candy looked into the camera. "Let's take a short break. When we come back, we'll talk to Bernie's two co-stars and see if Bernie can get Randy up.Pasadena Morningwill be right back."
Just before the camera shut off, the mic picked up Randy saying, "Fuck you, Candy."
Candy looked at her co-host. "Ha ha ha! Randy can't get it up in front of a national audience! Ha ha ha!"
Randy scowled back at her. "Fuck you, cunt. Not everybody on this set is a fucking slut. When I get up, I'm gonna fuckin' wreck your ass, you can bet on it," he growled.
"Ha ha ha! I can't wait." Candy looked across the desk at Raj and Stuart. "When we come back, I'm going to focus on you two studs. Sound good?" The two men nodded.
"Sounds good," Stuart said agreeably.
Raj winked at her. "Bring it on, baby."
Candy looked at Randy. "I'll bet these two can get it up."
"Already up!" Stuart volunteered.
"Ready and willing," Raj said with dreamy eyes.
Candy nodded at them. "See?"
"Fuck you, Candy," Randy hissed. Bernadette felt him growing quickly in her mouth during all the chatter.
The red light on top of the camera clicked on and focused on Candy.
"Welcome back toPasadena Morning!Randy, how's it going over there?"
The camera switched to Randy. His hands were on the back of Bernadette's bobbing blonde head, which could barely be seen above the raised table top. The mic picked up her slurps clear as day. What it didn't see was her mauling her own chest or her hand stuffed inside her flowery skirt. "Just great! Ol' Bad Bernie here sucks dick like a pro! I see why she's a rising porn star now!"
Stuart nodded his head. "She really does give great blow jobs." Then he frowned and bowed his head. "Not that I have a lot of experience with that."
"She really does!" Raj chipped in excitedly. "Wait until she swallows you! You should get the camera to do a close up of her throat. It...it's amazing!"
Stuart concurred. "It really is mind blowing."
"I'm sure it is," Candy said flatly. "Wow, look at her go!"
"She really does love cock," Raj volunteered.
Randy's head snapped back. "Oh Christ!" Bernadette gagged and gurgled.
Candy's eyebrows raised. "Wow! That really is amazing! Her throat stretched and took on the shape of Randy's cock!"
"We tried to tell you," Stuart reminded her.
Candy turned her attention to the guys. "Uh, well, since Bernie has her mouth full, let's talk to her two studly co-stars. Raj, your day job is what exactly?"
"Oh, yes," Raj said in his thick Indian accent. "I work at Caltech in their Physics Department. Very important work."
"You were named one of People magazine's 30 under 30 people to watch and have been awarded the Newcomb Medal. And you attended Cambridge University, correct?"
Raj puffed out his chest. "Yes, that's correct."
"That sounds very accomplished. And yet, you're doing porn."
"Yes. Well..."
"You're from India, Raj, correct?"
He nodded. "Yes. Yes I am. I come from very humble origins, Candy. I grew up in terrible poverty. It was very tough growing up in my situation."
"Will you stop with that already?" Stuart asked in a disgusted tone.
"What?!"
"C'mon, man. Your dad's a gynecologist, he drives a Bentley, and you had a house full of servants who you may or may not have lost your virginity to."
Raj shrugged his shoulders. "It was still very hard." Stuart buried his head in his hands.
"So your father's a gynecologist? Do you think that's how you developed your fascination with pussy, Raj?"
"Well, I, uh..." Raj stuttered.
Randy removed himself from Bernadette's face with a "pop". "C'mon, bitch, stand up. C'mon, stand up!" Bernadette's hand appeared on the table top as she pulled herself up. Her hair was tousled. Her glasses were askew and she threw them onto the table. "Take 'em off. C'mon, take 'em off," Randy demanded, waving his hand at her short skirt. Bernadette disappeared when she bent over to pull the garments off, then reappeared.
Bernadette turned to face the camera, smiled, and held up the yellow boy panties she had been wearing. "Hey guys, these will be on the website up for auction later today. Bid early and bid often. Who knows? You just might get lucky." She winked at the camera.
*****
"Balls!" Penny shouted. "She's selling shit on her website, too?! Goddammit! I'll bet my thong sold for more than her nasty shit sells for!" The thong that Penny wore on her TV appearance went for $873 autographed.
Leonard nodded. "Oh, yeah, I'm sure." He didn't tell her Howard's the one who won her auction.
*****
Randy grabbed her hips and pulled her back. "Bend the fuck over!" She gripped the edge of the table and bent over while the others watched.
She turned and looked over her shoulder. "Oooooo, are you gonna fuck me with that big, fat cock? Huh? Are you gonna fuck my tight little pussy with that big, fat cock, Randy?" she purred.
He slid between her legs. "I'm gonna tear that shit up," he hissed back at her.
"Oooooo, I can't wai..." Her head flew back and her back arched when his hot knife sliced through her slit like it was butter. "Oh sweet baby Jesus!" she howled.
Randy rested his hips against hers. "Jesus Christ, you weren't kidding! You really do have a tight little pussy! Jesus Christ!"
Raj looked at Candy and nodded. "She really does."
Randy leaned in. "Gimme those fucking tits." He palmed both mounds through her shirt, drew his hips back, and threw them forward. The sound of skin slapping skin echoed throughout the studio.
Bernadette's head flew back again. "Oh dear Lord!"
Randy gave a wicked laugh. "Ha ha!" Then he proceeded to use her fleshy globes as handles while he pummeled her velvety folds.
Candy turned to Stuart while the fire between her legs grew. "So, Stuart, I believe you own a store of some kind right here in Pasadena don't you?"
It was Stuart's turn to puff out his chest. "That's right, Candy! The Comic Center of Pasadena! Pasadena's finest comic book store with the widest selection." He turned to the camera. "And anyone who mentions 'The Python' this week gets an additional 10% off their purchase!"
"Wow! An entrepreneur! You must do quite well for yourself. I'll bet your quite popular with the ladies," Candy said with a sexy smile.
Stuart nodded. "Oh yeah, comic books really make the ladies hot." Raj choked back a laugh. "Okay, that's a lie. It's like having the plague, alright? And I'm broke, okay? I live in the store. I share a can of tuna with a stray cat for dinner. I'm severely depressed most of the time. Look at me. I'm pasty white. I'm sickly. Okay? Yeah, I'm a real catch."
"Awwww, you poor, poor thing," Candy said with genuine concern. "But you're very,verytalented in (ahem) other ways."
"Yeah, well, I do have an art degree," he said, cheering up a little.
Candy shrugged. "Well, sure, there's that. But that's not what I'm referring to." Her mind started to drift to what she was referring to, which was the "talent" between his legs. "So, (ahem), what made you to get into porn, other than, you know, your hidden talents."
Stuart shrugged his shoulders. "Well, the three of us were having sex one day..."
"You mean yourself..."
"Me, Raj, and Bernadette, right. So, anyway..."
"So, you were having sex before the website even started?"
"Well, yeah, I guess." There was a pause. "So, anyway, Bernadette told us she was posting pictures on men's websites..."
"Wait. So she was already involved in porn before?"
"Well, no, I wouldn't say that. Just posting, you know, naughty pictures of herself." Another pause. "So, anyway, after we were, you know, done, we said, hey, you should start your own website."
"How much do you get paid to perform in these videos?"
Stuart shrugged his shoulders. "Paid?" He looked at Raj. They both shrugged their shoulders. "Well, I guess, uh, you could say she pays us by letting us having sex with her."
"Mother Mary and Joseph! You're going to make me cum with that fat cock of yours!" Bernadette announced.
"Jesus Christ! You're squeezing me so hard! I...I...I'm gonna bust a nut!"
"Do it! Do it! I want to feel it! Come on! Give it to me!"
Randy released her tits and dug his fingers into her hips. His thrusts began to stutter. "Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Oh, yeah! Cumming...cumming...gaaaahhhhhfuck!"
Bernadette felt his thick hose release inside her. She could feel every spurt deep inside her each time the hose gushed.
"Oh Lord in Heaven! Yes! Yes! Yaaaaaasssss!" Her body trembled. Her nerve endings were hotter than the bright studio lights.
Candy, Raj, and Stuart watched the two bodies rise and fall in ecstasy. Randy finally backed away. The three watched a long, white strand follow him out until it snapped in half. A stream of white quickly began to run down the back of Bernadette's thighs.
Candy looked off stage. "Okay, Greg, you're next!"
"Next!" Bernadette barked.
A plump, balding man in a suit and tie came bounding onto the set and took Randy's place. It was the general manager of the station. "I've been waiting for this all goddamn morning!" ZIP!
Bernadette looked over her shoulder. "Bring it, big...OH!" She squawked at the sudden intrusion.
"Oh yeah! That's it right there!" Greg said with appreciation.
"We know all about you, Candy," Raj said with a sly grin.
Stuart nodded. "Oh yeah, for sure! Your issue has a place of honor in my, uh...yeah. I've had to actually replace it several times because...uh...yeah..."
"Nobody needs to know that, dude," Raj whispered. Stuart hung his head in shame.
Candy smiled back at him. "Oh, do you now? Do tell."
Raj stared her down as if she was challenging him. "Miss May, 2015. Second runner-up for Playmate of the Year. Born in Pacifica, California, January 14, 1994. Studied Journalism and Communications at USC."
Stuart looked doe-eyed. "38-24-36. Likes: Alaskan Malamutes, cookie dough ice cream, and deep dish pizza. Dislikes: rude men, traffic, and cold weather."
The producer sat in the control booth and stared at his laptop wide eyed whlle he watched his InstaRatings data rapidly rise. "Holy shit!" he exclaimed. "Look at these fucking numbers!"
The director looked over his shoulder. "Holy shit!" He activated his microphone and spoke into Candy's ear piece. "Do what you've gotta do! Don't hold back! The viewers love it!"
Candy couldn't stand it anymore.You don't have to tell me twice!she thought to herself. She climbed off her seat and began to walk around the front of the table. Raj and Stuart's eyes grew wide as she approached, unbuttoning her blouse as she walked.
"Very good, boys." Her voice suddenly oozed sex. "I'm flattered. Do you know what else I like?" She was standing between the two men, with her back leaning against the table facing them. Her blouse was wide open, revealing a lacy white bra that showed plenty of cleavage and did nothing to hold back her pointed nipples. The two men nervously shook their heads while they tried not to stare at her breasts. They both jumped when her hands touched their thighs. "I like big...thick...cocks." She finished just as her hands landed in their bulging crotches. "Which means I think you have exactly what I like," she purred.
Sweat was rolling off of Greg's face, staining his tie and jacket. "I'm done! I'm done! Ohhhhhhh God, I'm done!"
Bernadette pushed back into his thrusts. "Do it! Do it! Come on, give it to me!"
Greg closed his eyes and gritted his teeth. "Done! Done! Gggggggahdone!"
Bernadette felt a fresh rush of warm jizz begin to shoot into her body. Greg huffed and puffed while he threw his hips forward. He looked like he might have a stroke. His shoulders finally slumped and he backed away. "Oh God...oh God...that...that was great," he panted.
"Bring me another one! Make it snappy!" Bernadette screeched. Steve, a handsome man with salt and pepper hair in a dress shirt and slacks, hopped onto the set. She looked over her shoulder as he unzipped. "C'mon, bub! Let's go! Give it to...GAH!" Steve was considerably larger than Greg was. His stab filled her up in one thrust.
"Goddamn," Steve moaned. "She's still fuckin' tight. Goddamn!" He gripped her hips and went to work.
"Oh, yeah! That's it, big boy! Fuck me with that fat cock!"
Candy was fiddling with Raj and Stuart's zippers. "Come on, boys, let's see 'em. I wanna see if they're as big as they look in the videos." In a matter of seconds, both men had their rock hard boners out of their pants. Candy's jaw dropped. "My God!" Both men shuddered when she wrapped her long, thin fingers around their shafts. "They're incredible! They're...they're even bigger than I thought they'd be!" she announced as she began to run her warm hands up and down their beefy muscles.
"That's funny you say that, Candy," Raj said while he watched her hand glide. "I thought the camera added 10 pounds. But, in reality, your, uh, breasts are much larger in person. Which, when you think about it...GAH!" His eyes flew open when she suddenly dove face first into his crotch and wrapped her hot lips around his throbbing tool.
"Wow! I didn't see that coming!" Stuart said, obviously surprised by the sudden turn of events. "That...that looks...wow, look at her go!"
Raj looked at his friend while the playmate's head bobbed in his lap. "Ohmagawd, dude! It...it feels amazing!"
"Yeah, it looks like it would. OH!" Candy quickly switched poles and took Stuart into her face while she stroked Raj.
Bernadette glared at the three heaving bodies to her left while she rocked back and forth.That bitch! Who does she think she is?! This is supposed to be about me!She turned her head and looked into the darkness. "Hey! Bring...bring...mmmmm yeah...bring me two more! C'mon, let's...let's go!" Two men came running onto the set. She nodded her head. "Come...come here!" The two men jumped ahead and leaned on the table, one on each side of her, their backs to the camera. "Let...let...let's see what...grrrrrrrrr...what you've got! C'mon, drop 'em!" In a flash, two pairs of pants hit the floor and she had two poles pointing at her. Both men grunted when she grabbed their shafts. "Oh yeah, that's it!"
The man's head on her left snapped back when she took him down her throat. "Oh shit!" Steve's every thrust drove her face into his stomach.
The man on her right jerked when she switched and swallowed him. "Guh!"
Candy heard the commotion and glanced over her shoulder.Look at that fucking slut! Doesn't she know this is my show?!She stood up straight and stared into Raj and Stuart's souls. "Fellas, I'm about to rock your worlds," she cooed as she peeled off her shirt and unsnapped the clasp of her bra. The straps slid down her arms and she tossed the frilly garment to the side. She cupped and massaged her firm, tan breasts. "These are all natural, boys," she said proudly.
"Wow. They're..they're, uh, awesome," Stuart moaned as he stared at them.
"Kudos to your parents," Raj added.
The light sound of the zipper at the back of her pencil skirt could be heard, followed by the skirt falling around her high heeled feet. It revealed the tiniest of g-strings, while quickly joined the skirt at her ankles. One of her hands ran down her taut stomach, across her thin strip of perfectly trimmed hair, and rubbed her swollen pink lips while the other hand pinched and tweaked her erect nipples. "Not an inch was airbrushed for my centerfold," she smiled.
"No! I...I can, uh, tell," Raj stammered.
Stuart nodded. "Yup. Looks exactly the same!"
Candy gave them a crooked smile and stepped in front of Raj. His eyes followed her every move as she slid towards him and straddled him. He jerked when she gripped his rod and slid forward even farther. He could feel the heat of her breath on his face. It felt like a sauna was hovering over his lap.
"Let's show the viewing audience your skills. What do you say, Raj?" she whispered.
He nodded his head. "Ya! Sure!" She lowered herself down. His bulbous head slipped through her puffy gates. His eyes closed. "Oh yaaaaaaa!"
"Mmmmmmmagggaaahhhhh!" Candy moaned until she landed in his lap. She paused and took a breath. "My God, you're huge!"
"You're...you're amazingly tight!" Raj squawked.
Candy took a breath and looked at Stuart. "Okay, big boy. I've got one hole that hasn't been touched yet. Why don't you fix that?" Her eyes sparkled in the studio lights.
Stuart's eyebrows flew up and he pointed at himself. "Me?! You mean you want...me...to...you know..."
Candy nodded with a crooked grin. "That's right. I want you to stick that big, fat cock in my ass and make me scream."
Stuart jumped off his chair. "Yes, ma'am!"
Candy leaned forward until her chest was smashed into Raj's face and his back was pressed against the back of his chair. Her brown eye sexily winked at Stuart, inviting him in. A chill ran up her spine when he touched the tip of his massive tool to her quivering rosebud. She took a deep breath, then another. Stuart felt her back door open. She gasped when his swollen head poked in. He leaned forward.
"Ohhhhh my fucking God!" she moaned while his veiny shaft slipped through her sphincter. His boney hips finally came to a rest on her tan, toned ass. "Ohmagawd," she panted. She turned her head and looked at Stuart over her shoulder with a devilish look. "That feels so fucking good," she whirred.
"Holy crap! You...you...your...you know...feels amazing!" Stuart declared.
Candy's head turned from Stuart to Raj and back again. "Now I want you boys to fuck me like you own me," she sexily growled.
Raj smiled. His eyes turned to slits. "My pleasure," he said wickedly.
"You got it!" Stuart said excitedly.
Both men threw their hips forward.
Candy's eyebrows nearly flew off her head. "Oh shit!" She began to bounce in the air with each thrust of their hips when she noticed a hand held camera had appeared out of the darkness to her right. She turned her head and gazed into the camera. "To...to the female viewers out...out...fuck! Out there, if you've never ex...ex...grrrrrrrr...been DP'd, I...I highly rec...rec-c-c-ommend it. There's nothing like the...the feeling of...mmmmmm...of two fat cocks b...b...buried inside you! Oh fuck!" She turned her attention back to the boys. "Oh fuck yes! That's it! Mmmmhmmmm! Oh yeah...fuck!"
Stuart peaked around at Raj, who had his face buried in Candy's bouncing chest. "Dude! I...I've got my, you know, my thing in a Playboy Playmate's, you know, back there!"
Raj released an erect nipple from his lips. "I know, dude! And I've got mine shoved up her vajayjay! Is this a great country or what?!"
The two men stared at each other and smiled. In unison they shouted, "Best day ever!"
Even though Bernadette was servicing three cocks of her own, she was aware of the activities going on just a few feet from her.Best day ever?!she thought to herself.Those motherfuckers! I'll rock their fucking worlds in the next video! I'll show those fuckers what their best day really looks like!
Randy Rogers, the co-host of the show, reappeared and took his seat at the opposite end of the table from Raj, Stuart, and Candy. His makeup had been reapplied and he was completely naked.
"Well, folks, looks like we've got a regular hump-a-la-looza going on here." He looked at the four bodies to his left. "So, Steve, you're not looking so good there."
Steve was plowing Bernadette like a mule through a field. Sweat was rolling down his face and falling onto her ass. His body stiffened. His jaw clenched. "Nope! I...I...ggggrrrrrr...I'm done! Gahhhhhh!"
Bernadette felt his pole throb in her slit. Each throb sent a fresh spurt of spunk deep inside her. She felt two thunderbolts racing up her loins. Her tiny body began to tremble. "Mmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmhmmmmm! Mmmmmmmm!" she squealed around the meat stuffed in her throat. The two bolts crashed into her spasming gash and exploded. Her body felt like it was on fire while the three men continued to fill her voids.
The man in her mouth gripped her head and held it steady. "Oh Christ! Oh Christ! Here it comes! Here it comes! Here it....ggggaaaahhhhhh!" Her throat quickly filled with hot, sticky jizz while he threw his hips into her face.
Before he could finish, the man to his left turned. He was stroking himself hard and fast. "Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh yeaaahhhhhh!" His hips stuttered. A thick, white rope shot out and crashed into Bernadette's flushed cheek. The force splattered it across the side of her face and into her hair. He moved in closer. A second and third spurt struck her forehead and ran down the bridge of her nose.
Steve finally pulled out and backed away, allowing Bernadette to pull away from the quickly fading posts in front of her. The camera zoomed in on her face. The right side had a sheen of milky white. Goop was dripping off her chin onto her custom made "I Banged Bernie" t-shirt.
Randy nodded in approval. "Nice job, guys. Very nice. Bernadette, how are you feeling?"
She glanced to her left and saw Candy bouncing with pleasure. She turned back to Randy. "I need some more fucking cock!"
Randy chuckled. "Wel-l-l alrighty then. But, before we do that, I know the viewers at home won't see it, but, Bernie, why don't you give the studio audience here a good look at that awesome rack of yours?"
She stared into the camera. "Abso-fucking-lutely."
She reached down and her hands crossed her body. She grabbed the hem of the thin shirt and tugged. Her massive mounds bounced and her long, blonde hair flew through the air when the top raced past and over them. The small studio audience gasped, then clapped and cheered as she laid the cum-stained shirt on the table.
Randy clapped. "Very nice, Bernadette. Ver-r-ry nice. Fan-fucking-tastic. So, how about it? Ready to show us some more skills? Ready for one more?"
"One more?! Three more! I need three more stiff cocks! C'mon, let's go!" she barked.
A body appeared out of the shadows and stepped onto the set. "Uh, I'm it. I'm the last one. She's done everybody else back here," he moaned.
"No kidding?" Randy said surprised. "Well, uh...oh! How about the studio audience?! Bernadette, how about it?"
Bernadette stared past the cameras. "Get your asses down here!"
"How 'bout it guys? Wait, wait! Don't run! Jesus! Look at that, Bernadette! They can't wait to get a piece of you!"
"Good! Get over here!" She grabbed one young man by the arm and threw him against the table. "You! Here!" She grabbed another audience member. "You! Here!" She snapped her fingers. "C'mon, let's go! Drop 'em!" Two pairs of pants and boxers hit the floor. "Oooooo, yeah, very nice!" The two men gasped when she grabbed and stroked them. She bent at the waist and looked back over her shoulder. "Well? C'mon, bub, what're you waiting for?!"
"Oh! Yeah! Right!" The man slipped between her legs and held himself steady. He touched her hot lips. He jerked his hips forward.
Bernadette's head snapped back. "Christ!"
Her hot oven enveloped him. "Ohmagawd," he groaned. He gripped her hips, drew his own hips back and thrust them forward, then again.
After two grunts, she turned her head back to him. "Isn't anybody going to fuck my ass today?! Isn't somebody going to be a man and fuck my ass today?!"
The man paused. "Really? Seriously? My wife doesn't even let me do, you know, that."
Raj heard her screeching and peaked around Candy. "Ya, dude, she's totally serious. She loves it in the arse!"
Stuart looked over his shoulder. "He's right. She really does love that."
Candy turned her head. "Wreck that bitch!" she hissed.
"O-o-okay," the man stuttered. He pulled out of her dripping snatch and touched his shiny head to her puckered hole. Bernadette braced herself against the table and bit her bottom lip. The man leaned forward. She squeaked when his tip disappeared. He leaned in more until he slipped and fell abruptly into her.
Her head snapped back. "Holy Mother of God!" she howled.
The man apologized profusely. "Sorry! Sorry! Ohmagawd, sorry!"
Bernadette quickly recovered. "Don't apologize! Just fuck me! C'mon! what're you waiting...OH! Oh yeah, that's it!"
"This...this...this is amazing! Oh my God! Her ass is amazing!"
"You bet it is, bub!" She turned her attention back to the two stiffs in front of her face. "Now, as for you two..."
"Uhhhgaaashit!" The man on her left howled when she took him down her throat. "Holy shit! She swallowed the whole fucking thing!"
Randy nodded. "Yup, she's a bona fide cocksucker. How about you, Candy? How you doin' over there?"
"Oh my God! I haven't been...been...ohmagawd! Been fucked this good and...and thissss hard in...in...years! Don't you dare st...st...stop!" she cried out while she rode Raj and Stuart.
"Damn, Randy, you need to try some of this! Her...her vajayjay is incredible!" Raj announced.
"And her, you know, back here...it's like it's trying to suck me in!" Stuart added.
"Well, guys, it looks like she's about ready to launch," Randy said with a grin.
"Ohmagawd, yes! I...I...ohmagawd! You're...you're going to make...make me...oh shit!"
"Do it! Do it, Candy! Show us how a Playboy cunt cums!" Randy chided her.
Candy's body started to visibly tremble. "Ohmagawd! Oh God! Yes! That's it! Fuck...fuck my holessss...with...with those big...fat...cockssss-saaaaahhhhhhh!" Her luscious body spasmed around the boys' thrusting projectiles.
"Holy crap, dude! Her butt's like a clamp! Jesus! It feels like she's going to snap my thing off inside her!" Stuart said almost panicked.
"Ya, dude, me, too! It's incredible!"
Candy's face turned evil. Her bouncing became more aggressive. "Oh yeah? You like that? Huh? You like me clamping down on your big, fat cocks? Huh? Does it make you want to cum? Huh? Do you want to cum all over my tits? Huh? Do you want to cum on a centerfold's tits? Huh? How about it, Stuart? Do you want to cum on my tits for real and not on a sheet of paper? Huh?"
Stuart nodded emphatically. "Hell...hell yeah, I do!"
He backed away and pinched off his hose. Candy leapt out of Raj's lap and dropped to the floor, with Raj jumping off the chair right behind her. She dropped to her knees, cupped the men's ball sacks, and looked up at them with fuck-me eyes while they beat their meat hard and fast.
"Come on, give it to me! Shoot your cum out of those big, fat cocks all over me! I know you want to! I can see them throbbing! Come on, do it!"
Raj's body stuttered. "Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Here it comes! Here it comes, you little white devil! Yah! Yah! Ggggaaaaaahhhhhh!" A thick, white rope shot out of Raj's caramel colored shotgun. It landed with a splat on her left breast and ran up her chest.
"Oh yeah! Oh fuck yeah! Give it to me, baby!"
Stuart's face contorted. His body tensed even more than usual. "Oh, geez! Oh, geez! I'm gonna...I'm gonna...oh geez, I'm gonna do it! Don't die! Don't die! Please don't die! Oh geeeeeeez!" It was like something out of an old porn flick. A gush of jizz fired out of Stuart like it'd been shot out of a cannon. It crashed into her cleavage and shot up and over both breasts.
The force knocked Candy back. "Oh fuck yeah! Yeah, baby, give it all to me!"
"Ohmagawd! Look! I'm doing it again!" Stuart shouted with glee as a second and third volley rang out, coating her chest and throat.
Candy quickly gripped both men's hoses and pulled them close, taking each one into her mouth and sucking them dry.
"Holy shit! That was awesome!" Raj panted while Candy licked the underside of his throbbing hose.
"Yeah it was!" Stuart said with glee just before Raj high-fived him.
The man's face who was plowing Bernadette's was beet red. Sweat poured down his face. He looked like he was about to have a heart attack. "I can't...I can't...I can't go...any...more! Gak!" He pulled out of her ass and shot a watery white stream up Bernadette's back and landed between her shoulder blades. Two more spurts rose up and pooled in the middle of her back. "Ohmagawd...I'm done...I'm done...I'm done..." he panted as he walked off stage.
Bernadette dropped to her knees, pulled away from the cock that was in her throat, and grabbed the two men in front of her. She glared into their faces. "How about you two fat cocked fuckers? You wanna cum on my big, fat titties? Maybe my face? Huh? What's it gonna be, boys?"
The man in her left hand replaced her hand with his own, grabbed a handful of her hair, and yanked her close. "Fuck you, bitch!" A thick glob of milky yellow shot out his pole and landed in the middle of her forehead. Two more spurts splattered her eyebrow and her cheek. Then he yanked her face forward and shove his still throbbing stick back into her throat and threw his hips forward. When he felt like he had emptied his cargo, he pulled her off of him and threw her head backwards. "Fuck you, bitch," he growled and walked off.
She turned her cum splattered face back to the man in her right hand. "How about you, baby? What's it gonna be, stud? Huh? I want it. Give it to me!"
"Tits! Tits! Oh yeah! I wanna...I wanna...I wanna cum on your tits!"
She released him from her grip, wrapped her fleshy mounds around his muscle, and started to bounce up and down. "Oooo yeah, baby! Wanna cum on my big, fat titties? Huh? Yeah, baby, give it to me! I wanna see it!"
The man closed his eyes and gritted his teeth. "Oh God! Oh God! Oh shit! Oh God! Cumming...cumming...cumminggggaaaahhhhh!"
The first shot impressively rose up and splashed under her chin, spreading across the front of her throat.
"Oh yeah, baby!" she cried out.
Another rope rainbowed up and over and crash landed on top of a globe. A third string rose up and turned the opposite way, covering the other globe.
"Ughgaaa!" he yiped when she took him into her mouth and stroked him, coaxing more spunk into her mouth.
She finally pulled back. When the man finally opened his eyes and looked down, he saw Bernadette's smiling face staring back at him. She opened her mouth and revealed a spiderweb of white. She closed her mouth, gulped, opened her mouth back up and stuck out her sexy red tongue.
The man shook his head. "Un-fucking-believable," he moaned.
"Thanks, sweetie."
Not sure what to say to a stranger who just sucked you off on national TV, he simply said "Uh, thank you, too?" before he turned and walked off the stage.
The camera turned to Candy, who was standing up and leaning on the table. Her hair was matted to her sweat covered body. "Well, I think that's about it, folks..."
Randy slid in behind her. "The fuck it is!" He grabbed her hips and pulled her back, bending her at the waist.
She snapped her head around. "Huh?!"
"I told you I was gonna wreck your fuckin' ass, you cunt!" he hissed.
"Huh?" Then it hit her. Earlier in the show, when she was mocking him because he wasn't hard. "Oh! Oh shit!"
He touched his tip to her gaped hole. "I'm gonna split this shit in two!"
"Oh! Oh shit! Wait!" Her head snapped back when his balls slapped against her. "Oh FUCK!"
*****
Back in Penny's apartment, Leonard and Penny were shocked at the fuckfest they had just witnessed.
"Holy shit!" Leonard moaned. "I don't know who the bigger slut is, Bernadette or Candy."
Penny nodded. "Oh, Bernadette. Most definitely, Bernadette. She's such a bitch. Good for her!"
"Yeahhhhhh, good for her," he said half-heartedly.
She looked up at him. "Shut up, Leonard." She turned back to the screen. "Damn! I feel like I need a cigarette!"
*****
The camera turned to Raj, Stuart, and Bernadette, who were seated at the opposite end of the table from where Randy was thoroughly wearing Candy's ass out. Cum dripped off of Bernadette's face onto the table.
Raj stared into the camera. "Well, I think that's all the time we have for today."
Stuart nodded his head. "Right! Come back tomorrow to see if Randy is still wearing Candy's lovely ass out." He looked off camera. "Who are the guests tomorrow?"
Bernadette chimed in. "After today's show, who gives a shit?"
The two men nodded. "True."
The three looked into the camera.
Bernadette smiled. "That's our show for today. I'm Bad Bernie Peaks. Make sure you visit my website, Bad Bernie!
"I'm Stuart 'The Python' Bloom. Make sure you wing by my store, The Comic Center of Pasadena! Pasadena's finest comic book store with the widest selection. Anyone who mentions 'The Python' this week gets an additional 10% off their purchase!"
"And I'm Raj 'Caramel' Koothrappali. Keep reaching for the stars. This has beenPasadena Morning!Thanks for watching!"
The camera switched to a tight shot of Candy's "O" face with Randy behind her as the credits rolled.
"Ohmagawd, yes! I...I...ohmagawd! You're...you're going to make...make me...oh shit!"
"Come on, cunt! Show us how a Playboy cunt cums!" Randy growled.
Candy's body started to visibly tremble again. "Ohmagawd! Oh God! Yes! That's it! Fuck...fuck my ass...with...with that fat...fucking..cock-saaaaahhhhhhh!"
Fade to black...
*****
Penny chuckled. "She's such a bitch."
"Who? The TV host or Bernadette?" Leonard asked.
"Well, her, too. But I was talking about Bernadette."
"Yeahhhhh, such a bitch."
"Shut yup, Leonard."