The Jones's annual Christmas party was already in full swing, the sprawling lower floor of their large Kensington home filled with dozens of party guests, merrily eating, drinking, and enjoying all the traditions of the season. Children ran about the place, chasing each other around the Christmas tree as the adults in attendance did their best to stay out of their way and not spill their drinks of top shelf booze. Sebastian was standing in the corner of the room dressed in his best black suit, an elegant crystal tumbler of whiskey in hand as he took in the scene before him. Melinda was dressed to the nines in a long black ankle length dress with matching heels. Around her neck sat a glimmering gold necklace and a pair of pristine diamond earrings which had been a wedding day gift from Sebastian, worth more than most people's cars. She was flitting around the place and being the consummate gracious host, basking in the attention and praise from her numerous guests. It was a role she had gotten used to over the years after hosting various gatherings, parties and soirees and it was something that she reveled in. Their oldest daughter had grabbed a present and was trying to run away to open it early, much to Sebastian's amusement. "Eleanor, Eleanor, come back here young lady!" Melinda shouted as she chased after her into the sitting room causing Sebastian to chuckle as he took a swig of his drink.
Returning his attention to the partygoers, his eyes met Sylvia's across the room. The family maid was dressed in a cute outfit styled to look like an elf, which more than suited her short posture. She had affixed bells to her slip on black pumps with her slender, supple legs covered by a pair of festive green tights and a cute red ruffled skirt around her waist. The look was completed with a festive t-shirt covered in candy canes and reindeers, a pair of plastic elf ears and a green and red festive hat adorned with a white pom pom at the top. Despite being surrounded by friends, family and business colleagues Sebastian couldn't help but ogle her from across the room as she offered the guests flutes of champagne from an elegant silver tray. She noticed her boss's eyes drilling into her and returned his gaze, blushing softly as she returned her attention to the guest she had been handing a glass to. Once she had been thanked for the beverage, she turned and crossed the room to Sebastian, pausing in places so she could make her way through the happy throng of people, being careful not to spill any of the drinks on her tray.
"Hi Boss," Sylvia said as she stood in front of him, "what do you think of my outfit?" She set the tray down on the side and gave Sebastian a twirl so he could take it in properly, flashing him a cheeky smile once she had finished her rotation.
"It's nice," Sebastian replied stoically, aware that they were surrounded with prying eyes, "did you put it together yourself?"
"Mmhmm," Sylvia responded, nodding excitedly with a childish expression of happiness on her face. Even though it had been several months since their affair had begun, Sebastian still couldn't get over how cute she looked in moments like this, nor could he ignore the subtle throbbing in his trousers. "It was Melinda's idea, she thought it would be cute!"
"Well, she was right," Sebastian replied, "I've got to give it to her, she does have great instincts when it comes to this kind of thing."
"If only she knew her outfit idea had her husband drooling over me right under her nose," Sylvia whispered wickedly, her red hair swaying around her shoulders as she glanced around to make sure no-one was listening. "I still have to give you your Christmas present, you know," she said seductively, twirling the her locks between her fingers, further adding to the cute elven look she was pulling off expertly,
"Is that right?" Sebastian asked huskily, the bass in his voice causing the maids skin to tingle and her heart to flutter.
Sylvia stepped closer to her employer, playing it off like she was tidying up the curtain behind him as she whispered in his ear. "When the light switch-on starts, meet me in your office so you can unwrap me... I mean your present." Sebastian's cock throbbed in his tight suit pants and he had to take a second to regain his composure and think of a witty response. It didn't matter though as before he could reply, Sylvia was already gone, absorbed into the hubbub and bustle of the party. Downing his glass, Sebastian played with his collar uncomfortably, he was suddenly feeling very hot. The perfect moment to slip outside for a cigarette. His affair wasn't the only thing he was hiding from his wife and so he quickly scanned round the room to check Melinda was absent before making his way into the kitchen and out the back door.
The brisk winter air hit Sebastian hard and he breathed in deeply, steam billowing from his mouth thanks to the sub zero temperatures. Reaching into his suit jacket he pulled out an elegant, thin metal container in which he kept his dirty little secrets. Pulling out a cigarette, he placed it between his lips and returned the box to its rightful pocket. Producing a Zippo lighter he flipped the lid open, a flame erupting from the top and Sebastian put the end of the cigarette into the fire, igniting it as he inhaled deeply. Exhaling with a satisfied sigh he took a moment to take in the garden as the noise of the party bled out from the house. It was covered in a thin layer of snow, bushes and flowers seemingly frozen in time and making it look strangely alien, but undeniably beautiful. He stepped out a little further into the icy patio as he took long, lazy drags on his cigarette, blowing out clouds of smoke and watching it drift away from him on the cold winter breeze.
Sylvia was certainly taking a big risk by asking to meet him at a time with so many people around. Ever since that first time in his office they had made sure to only ever be physical when they were alone in the house, but Sebastian couldn't deny the danger of being caught did seem thrilling. Spurring him on further to take the risk was the fact that he hadn't enjoyed intimacy with a woman for a couple of weeks and his urges were on the rise. Melinda had been off work, the children had been off of school and he and Sylvia had no chance to be alone. He had all but given up any hope of sexual activity with Melinda as it now seemed to be only for special occasions and even then, it was not a guarantee. Checking his watch as he took another puff, there were around 15 minutes until Melinda would ferry everyone outside to turn on the lights that covered the front of the house. She certainly loved the attention such a moment would bring, despite the fact she paid a company to put them up, basically taking credit for signing the workmen's check when they finished the job. Sebastian chuckled to himself when he heard the door handle turn and small, quick footsteps moving towards him.
"What are you doing Daddy?"
It was Eleanor, fuck. Turning around to face his eldest child, he hid his hand behind his back, greeting her with a warm, albeit disingenuous, smile. "I'm just getting some fresh air sweetie," he answered, "you should really get back inside to the party, it's very cold out here and we don't want you getting sick!"
Eleanor scowled. "I may be a kid dad, but I'm not stupid," she said in a petulant tone, "what are you hiding behind your back?" she asked, craning her neck to try and see.
There was no point hiding it, he had clearly been caught. Better that his daughter had found out about this dirty little secret and not the one that involved him fucking the family maid he thought to himself. Sebastian brought his arm back in front of him, revealing the cigarette with its cone of ash at the tip falling away to reveal the red, burning embers of tobacco within. He took a drag and exhaled, rubbing his brow as he debated how he was going to get out of this.
"You're smoking?" Eleanor asked, dumbfounded. "Does mummy know?"
"No Eleanor, she doesn't, and I'd prefer if it stayed that way."
"You want me to lie to her?" Eleanor asked, looking confused and a little scared. "You and Mum always say that lying is bad!"
Sebastian bent a knee and knelt on it, bringing himself down to her level. He took her small hand in his and squeezed gently. "Lying is bad sweetie, but, sometimes, lying is the best thing to do."
"Why?"
Damn that word. Any parent will know the power of that one word and the problems it can cause, especially when they're at that stage when it seems to be the only question they know. "Because, sometimes telling the truth would hurt someone and that's worse than lying." Eleanor furrowed her brow as she thought about what her father had said. "Do you understand?"
"I think so," Eleanor replied. She still sounded uncertain and the last thing Sebastian needed right now was an argument with Melinda. Sebastian's mind continued ticking over, before he came up with an idea.
"How about this," he asked, pulling her in for a hug, "you keep this secret for Daddy and after everyone goes home, I'll let you open one of your presents early! How does that sound?"
"REALLY?" Eleanor shouted excitedly, jumping on the spot and wriggling in her dad's arms. Sebastian nodded in response, "Ok Dad, I'll keep it a secret, promise!"
"That's my girl!" He replied proudly, rustling her hair and giving her a kiss on the cheek, "now head back inside before your mother starts looking for you!"
"Ok daddy," she replied cheerily, virtually skipping back into the house as she wondered what present she would get to unwrap later on that night. Sebastian sighed a breath of relief as he watched the door close behind her, taking a final drag on his cigarette before tossing the butt down the drain, ensuring no evidence was left behind. Pulling out a small bottle of cologne from his pocket, he sprayed himself a few times and popped a mint into his mouth. With any trace of his indiscretion concealed, he headed back inside to the party to kill some time, glancing at his watch as he mingled with the guests making small talk, waiting for the fateful moment to arrive.
A short while later the sound of cutlery hitting a glass rang out through the house as Melinda raised her voice above the wall of noise. "Everyone, it's time to switch on the lights so grab your coats and let's head outside!" She clapped her hands happily as she started guiding the guests towards the cloakroom and headed out of the front door like the pied piper leading a group of brainwashed children. This was his cue. Sebastian hung towards the back of the room, waiting for the coast to be clear before making his way up the elegant marble staircase towards his destination. His office was located on the top floor of the house, so even if everyone returned while he and Sylvia were going at it, they'd be none the wiser. Passing the master bedroom, his mind flashed back to the first time he and Sylvia had fucked in his marital bed. He had just gotten back from the office when she had called his name from upstairs and he had found her laying on the bed, totally naked and ready to be taken, her eyes burning with a fiery passion that couldn't be put out. They had spent the next hour rutting like mindless animals, spurred on by the knowledge that just a few hours later Melinda would be sleeping in the exact same spot. The memory made him stiffen in his trousers as he continued his journey, wondering what his lover had in mind for him this time.
Arriving at his closed office door, Sebastian took a moment to straighten his tie and make sure his hair was in place before knocking with three firm raps upon the door. "Come in," came the sound of Sylvia's sweet voice from within, floating through the air and dripping with arousal. Pushing the door open he found her sitting on his desk, legs crossed in her cute little elf outfit, smiling wickedly. From his angle, the Christmas tree he had set up in the room was directly behind her and the twinkling lights upon it shone all around her, giving her an almost heavenly glow, although, based on what they were about to do, fire and brimstone would have probably been more appropriate. Sylvia looked her boss up and down, smiling approvingly before hooking her finger in her top, pulling it down to show off her cleavage. "Ready to open your present?" she asked teasingly, leaning back on the desk, spreading her legs open and pushing out her chest to show off her ample breasts.
Sebastian was by her side in a moment, lips pressed to hers, one hand groping her breast as the other made its way between her legs to rub her through her tights. Sylvia let out a gasp of surprise before moaning in approval as she felt his strong hands on her body, gently grinding her hips against his fingers as he worked her. "I thought... it would be appropriate... to... to do this here..." she explained in between moans, "you still remember our first time?" she asked.
"Of course I do," Sebastian replied hungrily before kissing her neck and pulling her top off over her head to expose more of her flesh. She was wearing a red festive bra with a white fluffy trim and Sebastian buried his face between her voluptuous breasts, licking and sucking at her cleavage as his fingers continued to rub her needy slit. Hooking her fingers into the cups, Sylvia pulled them down to expose her nipples, which he quickly latched onto, feeling her hard little nubs against his tongue as he sucked on her.
"Mmm, someone's hungry," Sylvia whispered breathlessly, "I guess the buffet didn't fill you up sir?"
"No it didn't," Sebastian growled as he moved between breasts, "and you're going to be the one getting filled up in a minute." Sylvia bit her lip and chuckled wickedly to herself, glancing towards the window and imagining Melinda stood outside, basking in all the attention from her party guests while the person she cared about most was upstairs with his head buried in her chest. Sebastian came up for air, kissing Sylvia like a man possessed, sliding his hand down to her bottoms and pulling them off clumsily in the heat of passion. Finally, her shoes, tights and skirt were all scattered across his office, leaving Sylvia sitting on his desk, naked save for her bra which she quickly removed, breasts bouncing and swinging free. She loved the power she felt when he looked at her, the raw, animalistic desire. The kind that would drive a man to cheat on his wife, to risk his marriage, his relationship with his children, his entire world. Fuck, it felt good.
Sebastian stood before his petite maid, pulling off his suit jacket and tossing it across the room, kicking off his shoes and unbuckling his trousers. They were swiftly removed along with his shirt and tie leaving him totally bare, his veiny cock throbbing and bouncing as it pointed directly at Sylvia. "Come here," he said firmly, Sylvia pulling herself from the desk and into his waiting arms. He kissed her slowly and tenderly, moving his hands to her perky ass and lifting her upwards. She wrapped her legs around his waist and felt his prick pressing against her entrance. She knew what was coming next. They had quickly realized that due to their significant size and weight difference Sebastian could pick her up and fuck her while in his arms. It felt amazing for both of them, the angle of entry hitting Sylvia's special spot and giving Sebastian an unmatched feeling of power and control. With her hands wrapped around his neck, Sebastian reached down and angled himself so that he could slide inside of her, feeling that familiar warmth wrapped around him as Sylvia's muscles squeezed him, welcoming him inside her most intimate place.
Once his cock was properly sheathed within his maid Sebastian carried her over to the large window that dominated the east side of his office, pressing her back against the glass to brace her. Sylvia shivered at the sensation of the cold glass meeting her skin, nipples stiffening further as goosebumps spread all over her body. Looking downwards Sebastian could see the party guests gathered outside, presumably listening to his wife talking about the lights or the holiday season or some other nonsense. Looking over her shoulder, Sylvia realized that if anyone looked, they would be able to see them both in all their naked, adulterous glory. "What if someone sees us!" she hissed through her teeth as her walls continued to squeeze and massage the prick buried to the hilt inside her.
"They won't," Sebastian replied dryly, "they'll all be engrossed in Melinda's wretched speech." He slowly withdrew his hips, cock starting to vacate her needy pussy before he spoke again, "but by all means, if you ask me to stop, I will." He looked deep into Sylvia's eyes, pupils narrowing as the two engaged in an impromptu staring contest. Sebastian knew that she needed a good seeing to just as badly as he wanted to give her one and was confident of the outcome. He had always had an excellent poker face, something that had helped him in his business life and personal life in equal measure and he was counting on it paying off once again.
"No, don't stop," Sylvia replied as she wriggled a little, trying to get his cock to slide deeper inside her. "Fuck me... please?" She whispered the last word, an air of desperation in her voice. Sebastian smiled with satisfaction before sinking back into her again, balls slapping against her peachy bum as he bottomed out. "Fuccccck!" Sylvia moaned as she felt herself filled, fingertips buried into Sebastian's skin, legs tightening around his waist as she prepared herself for a pounding. He had held back for long enough and he didn't intend to wait a second longer, hips rocking back and forth in rhythmic perfection, like a piston, plunging into her fertile slit over and over again, feeling her velvety insides stretch with every stroke. Sylvia buried her head into Sebastian's shoulder, biting his soft flesh to try and stifle her moans and whines if pleasure, causing his skin to whiten and indent in the shape of her teeth.
Only encouraged by the pain he pulled her from the window, placing her on the floor and turning her around to face the cold glass. Bending her over, she braced her hands on the window as he took her again, this time from behind as he caressed her smooth, supple back. Grasping her by the hips he enjoyed the sight of his cock disappearing inside her, how her lips dragged along his skin as if trying to cling to him, not wanting to let go, hungry for more. As he massaged and squeezed her cheeks between thrusts, his eyes were drawn to her little pink asshole. It was winking at him with each entry and Sebastian brought a finger to his mouth so that he could coat it in saliva. During their previous romps, he had found out that a little assplay drove her wild and so he pressed his finger to her tight little ring, rubbing softly. Immediately he could feel her body tensing up, her moans deepening as the twin sensations overcame her. He was only teasing her for the moment, but her arousal was going through the roof as her juices started to trickle down her thighs. Looking down, she could see Melinda in the throng of people, talking and gesturing towards the light display. Fortunately it was only the garden and ground floor that had been adorned with festive lights and trinkets and so there was no reason for anyone to look upwards towards where Sylvia's naked body was silhouetted in the window. She had always been turned on knowing that she was sleeping with her friend's husband, but being able to see her while she was doing it was a whole level beyond.
As she looked down at her long time employer and friend with a wicked smile on her face she felt something pushing against her ass. She couldn't quite tell what it was, but she knew from precious experience that it wasn't Sebastian's finger. Turning round to investigate, she saw him holding a long thin rod, adorned with spirals of red white and green. It was pushed inside her, sinking deeper by the second, causing her to bite her lip with lust. The mystery object continued to invade her right little only hole and it was only when he removed his hand that she realized what it was. Currently buried inside her ass was a candy cane from the Christmas tree standing next to them. She would probably have protested if it hadn't of felt so good and at this point, she was lost to pleasure, only caring about her rapidly approaching climax. "Merry Christmas," Sebastian said as he watched the realization dawning on her face. As he resumed his thrusting, Sebastian hooked his finger in the crook of the piece of festive confectionery, using it as a fulcrum so that he could slide it in and out of her. He set a steady but rapid rhythm, shaft glistening with her wetness as he claimed her over and over again, toying with the cane inside her ass, head rolling back as he felt his cock start to pulse and twitch.
Feeling the end approaching, Sebastian let go of the candy cane so that he could wrap Sylvia's hair in one hand and grasp her hip with the other. Slamming into her like his life depended on it, he pulled her hair and fucked her over and over again, a primal display of lust induced need, thighs smacking against her ass repeatedly. Within a matter of seconds Sylvia's legs shook and buckled as she came on his cock, only managing to stay upright thanks to her hands on the window and her boss holding her in place. Her screams of pleasure echoed through the room and she had to squint downwards towards the party guests to make sure that no-one had noticed. Sebastians climax was close behind hers, swollen prick exploding, cum spreading through her as he slowly rode out his orgasm with lazy, slow, sensitive strokes. Sylvia smiled widely as she felt the warmth of his seed inside her, satisfied with a job well done as each twitched and moaned through their orgasms.
Taking a second to compose himself and straighten his hair, Sebastian unsheathed his cock from his maid, taking in the view before him. "Don't move," he instructed as he sat down on his desk chair. His cock rapidly deflated and he caught his breath as he looked over at his handiwork framed like a piece of art in a gallery with her hands pressed against the window frame. Sylvia's toned legs were anchored onto the floor, although still a little shaky, her upper thighs shining with her juices. Her freshly fucked pussy was plump and pink, expanding and contracting as the last remnants of her orgasm rippled through her. Sebastian's cum dripped from her opening, pushed out by her pelvic muscles and forming a pool on the hardwood floor of his office. As he looked on, the candy cane slid out of her ass and fell to the floor as well, making Sylvia moan softly as she felt it leave her body.
Raising himself from the chair, he walked across the room, gently stroking Sylvia's back and helping her stand upright before handing her a pack of baby wipes from his desk. "Thank you," he whispered softly as he kissed her neck, "that was the exact present I was hoping for."
"Mmm, my pleasure," Sylvia replied, shivering slightly as she basked in the afterglow, "same time next year?"
Sebastian chuckled warmly, "sounds like a plan to me." He started to get dressed, once again spraying himself with cologne to cover the scent of his transgressions. Sylvia had slumped down onto the chair, still recovering from the thorough pounding she had received, eyelids fluttering, breath uneven. She would definitely be walking funny for a few days after this, but it had been worth every second. As he straightened out his tie, Sebastian walked to the window to look down below. "Everyone's heading back inside so I better get down there, do you mind cleaning up?"
"Well, it is my job sir," Sylvia replied teasingly, flashing him a wink as he made his way towards the door.
"And you are very good at it, which is why you get paid so well," Sebastian replied in a jovial tone, "especially your 'off the book' services." He grinned widely as he opened the door and stepped through it.
Sylvia's voice slipped through the opening as he shut it behind him, "well let's make sure they stay 'off the book,' shall we sir?" Sebastian chuckled to himself before taking a moment to smooth out his clothes and compose himself. He could hear the guests downstairs and he began his downwards journey to return to the welcoming throng. As the living room came into view he spotted Melinda standing at the bottom of the staircase, hand on her hip, shooting an accusatory look in his direction. Oh god, had somebody seen? Did she know? There was no turning back now and Sebastian got closer to his wife and possibly his doom, step by step.
"Where were you? You missed the switch on!" Her voice was stern at first, but faltered when she mentioned the switch on. It was easy for him to think of such a thing as being trivial, but to her, it meant the world. He sighed internally, it seemed she didn't know after all and he would get away with his dirty dalliance.
"I'm sorry darling," Sebastian said, regret dripping from every word as he extended his hand to place on her hip, "Peter called, so I had to go and speak to him in the office." Melinda rolled her eyes. "You know what CEOs are like, they never switch off, even when it's Christmas!"
"Isn't that the truth," Melinda replied, "I hope you reminded him that he was missing my soiree?" She asked, raising her eyebrow as she awaited Sebastian's response.
"I certainly did and he asked me to extend his sincerest apologies and his hopes that it will be an amazing evening."
Melinda scoffed before turning back towards the guests. "It has been a good night, hasn't it, darling?" she asked, a shred of vulnerability in her voice.
"Best one yet my love!" Sebastian replied warmly, giving her a squeeze, "look at how much fun everyone is having!" Looking around the room, the party was once again in full swing and the couple took a moment to drink in the atmosphere of the room.
"Where is Sylvia?" Melinda asked, "I haven't seen her for a while and it seems like Uncle Jeremy needs a top up."
"I'm here Melinda!" Sylvia's voice rang out cheerily from behind them. Sebastian and Melinda turned to see her walking down the stairs with merry abandon, barely a hair out of place and not a single sign that she had been full of Sebastian's cum just moments earlier. Melinda turned from her as she started giving instructions and as Sylvia looked directly into her employer, friend and lovers eyes she shot him a cheeky, knowing wink as she sucked hungrily on a familiar looking candy cane.