Nigkala Tales Pt. 26: A Magical Vacation
I found a lost city!
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it. I want to hear from you.
= = = = = = = = = =
When the museum exhibit of the Akkadian artifacts arrived, not only was I granted full access, but I was also asked to help set up the displays. I found it quite interesting, as an archaeological find, but it did not pique my interest when I studied it in detail. I was able to correct the identification of a few items, helping to improve the quality of the show. Adding in the likely use, I was able to help set up dioramas illustrating everyday life with the artifacts.
This work did remind me that I had some outstanding ideas I wanted to pursue. One was the African magic Aja used. I used my contacts at the museum to get some contact information of some well-respected language experts. I made some calls to ask about their ability to identify ancient African languages. Some were strictly written-language experts, but of those with the ability to speak them, I asked if they could identify a sound bite I had made. It was of Aja speaking her spell, and only a sentence's worth. Eventually, I was directed to other experts, and finally identified it.
While not definite, indications were that it originated in the land of Punt, an ancient kingdom in what is now Somalia. While that kingdom was a trading partner of Egypt, and their language was affected by it, I could find no Egyptian influence in what Aja spoke. This made me think it predated their trade with their northern neighbor. But where exactly? There were indications it could be Yemen, or northeast Ethiopia. A good contender was Opone, on the coast. It was located near Hafun.
I did some research on the area, and learned that they have lost a lot of forest. That reminded me of the sand Aja blessed. I decided to collect it into a number of pouches, and I put them in storage in my secret magic chamber. If I was going there, I couldn't go by air, given the punishment I was under by An. So I looked into sea travel, which made me think of the adage about gals wearing less on boats. The best cruise I could go on that went near Hafun started in England, and went through the Mediterranean, then the Suez Canal, and finally I could get off at Mogadishu. Getting to England, I found a cruise from Florida to England.
I spoke with Filipe, and he agreed to go with me to England. We would take some time to explore it, and he would return by air. He was worried about the possibility I might encounter pirates on the latter cruise, but I reminded him that I handled the drug cartel before, and I had more capability now. With my grand plan made, it was time to plan the details. The first was to inform my agent.
"Hi Dave. I've decided to splurge on a vacation."
"Oh? Do tell."
"Well, first I will take a cruise to England, then later a cruise through the Mediterranean and Suez Canal. Afterwards, I plan to do some personal research in Somalia. I plan to go off the grid there for a while, at least as far as the public is concerned. But I want a fair bit of publicity on the cruises for my adoring public."
"Curious vacation place, Somalia."
"True, but my vacation will be over by then. I'll be dressing like a local there, and will likely be spending a most of my time away from the city, checking out leads for my research. But the second cruise will have many stops to check out assorted cities along the way. I'm sure you can find a magazine that will want to document that. And maybe another that will document the naughtier encounters."
"That is a thought. Do you have the route planned yet?"
"Yes, but I am open to suggestions. Filipe will be on the first cruise, and then check out England, but not the second cruise. I wouldn't mind checking out England, especially if I can visit my friend John Maxwell. I plan to travel with a large collection of stuff, so I can do some cosplay, as well as photo-shoots. I plan to have Nigkala, Kitty, and Obsidian outfits, perhaps more. I also plan to make local outfits for all the stops, so I can look like the locals, past and present."
"Past and present?"
"Oh yes. Imagine me dressing up as an ancient Grecian lady while visiting Greek cities? Or dressing as an ancient Egyptian royal visiting Egypt? I could also dress in period Spanish while visiting Spain?"
"Oh my! Knowing you, you will go all out. Right?" I just laughed. "Right. Well, let me see what I can do. How much lead time do you need?"
"I think two months will be enough for me to make what I need."
"Okay, I'll get right on it."
"Thanks. I'll send you postcards."
With the call over, I proceeded to plan my outfits, and to send the lot back once I got to Hafun. I also sent word to John, but I also told him what I would be researching, in case he had anything that might help. The advantage of skimpy clothes on the cruise was they took up little space. I decided to make a few risqué additions that were even less concealing, like a bikini that faded to invisibility at the nipple. I also sent a request to the museum for some good pictures of period costumes, including jewelry, for my route.
A month later, I spoke with Playboy about the cruises. They wanted to send a cameraman on both, to follow me around. They also wanted to interview me in Florida and England. A week later, a New Zealand fashion magazine wanted to send someone on the second cruise, who would hook up with local photographers to get me in all the many outfits I would have. Finally, Dave hooked me up with a travel site, and we agreed I would keep a diary to tell of my experiences that they would turn into a story.
We took a private eighteen wheeler to Florida, and we took a week to get there. The older couple driving slept in the fancy cab, while Filipe and I enjoyed the back. We had windows in the side, closed circuit TV to the front and back, air conditioning, an intercom to the cab, and a fancy sound system and lounge area. We even had satellite TV and internet. Meals were at truck stops, and we found a few nice ones along the way. We also had a nice bed all the way up front. It didn't take long for the couple to realize Filipe and I were really enjoying each other in back. We met the Playboy people at a hotel near the port, and I did my interview.
The next day, we boarded the cruise ship. I wore a white, see-through top that shaded, but did not obscure my nipples. The matching miniskirt was opaque, but easily caught any breeze, so I flashed plenty. I used a bit of Inanna's power to go on board without incident. Our cabins were not yet available, so we wandered to one of the buffets on the seaward side. We were among the first to board, so we got a nice table with a good view. While we served ourselves, the staff clearing the empty dishes tended to stare at my breasts in disbelief. One young man took a little too long, so I looked at him and said they were real, and he could feel me up later. Filipe barely contained his laughter at the poor guy's flustered demeanor.
After two hours, and the place filling up, we left to wander. When I saw the sign for a massage room, I whispered a wicked idea to Filipe. He smiled, and we went in. Filipe said, "Do you have a couple's room?"
The attendant answered, "Yes. Would you like a massage?"
"Yes. Can we see a list of choices?" The attendant handed him a sheet. "Oh! Number seven sounds great." He held it up for me, and reading it, I nodded. "Here is our room key card."
She took it, and swiped it. Returning it, she introduced us to a young man and a young lady wearing ship's uniforms. "This is Tony, and Sonya. They will take care of you. Tony, Sonya, take them to room three, for a number seven."
They nodded, and Tony said, "This way, folks." They led us, and held the door open for us to enter first. When he started describing how everything was going to work, I just casually stripped. "Here are some towels to wrap around yourself. We will leave you alone..." Tony realized I was already undressing. "Uh, we will leave for a few minutes, so you can get ready..." by now my top was off, and I was taking the skirt off. At this point, Filipe pulled down his shorts, and with them, his underwear. He timed it to when Sonya was looking at him. She gave a slight gasp, as his ten-incher sprang up, already erect. "Uh..., when you're ready, knock on the door, and we will return...." He fell silent as I stood before him nude.
I'm sure he's seen nude women here before, but I was clearly aroused, with my nipples sticking out two inches, and my vagina already wet. He sputtered a bit, giving Filipe enough time to get naked. Finally, he managed to say, "Uh, we'll leave now." He looked over at Sonya, and it was clear where she was staring. "Psst," he whispered, "Sonya, we gotta go."
I said, "Tony, you don't need to leave. We don't mind." I walked over to him and grabbed a hand, "Come here, and start on my back." With that cue, I heard Filipe ask Sonya to start on his back also. I lay face down, and spread my legs a bit to give him a good view. "Okay, Tony, get out the oil, or whatever, and start your magic. I want your hands all over me now."
"Uh, we have several scents..."
"Pick something that will please others. I want other men to lust after me." I reached out and briefly caressed his hardening dick. "Just like you do." Then I kicked things into high gear. I pushed out Inanna's erotic power, and I could see his dick twitch when he felt it. I knew, without seeing, that Sonya and Filipe were affected. He reached under the table, and opened a jar of pleasant smelling oil. I didn't pay attention to what scent it was, but rather I was focused on being aroused by him.
After twenty minutes of this, he told me to turn over. A few moments later. Sonya had Filipe also turn over. I saw her hungry expression when she realized his dick was standing straight up, obviously quite hard, and with a little pre-cum at the tip. Returning my focus to Tony, he began to oil me up. He paused a little before approaching my lower breasts.
"Don't worry, Tony. They are just breasts, like any other. I just have more than usual." Soon he was rubbing oil onto the lower set.
A few moments of this, and I reached out and placed a hand on his crotch. "This feels quite good. More, please." At first, he froze when he realized I was feeling him up. But then he relaxed, and even started getting playful with my lower nipples. I moaned softly, and then said quietly, "More, please, more."
When he moved on to my upper set, I took my hand briefly off his crotch to undo the opening, and then pulled out his erection. Quietly, I said, "Just as I like, hard." I then started stroking him. Looking past him, I saw Filipe had undone Sonya's shirt, and it was hanging open, with one of his hands fondling a breast. She, however, was massaging with one hand, while the other was stroking his erection. Just then, Tony finished applying oil to my breasts, so I said to him, "You don't need to wear anything while doing me." I put a little of both Inanna's power, and An's power into that.
"Yes, ma'am, whatever you want." He then stripped and resumed the massage. The whole time, I was still stroking him. When he got behind me to do my shoulders, I shifted a little to tilt my head back at the perfect angle. I then grabbed his dick and pulled him to me, aiming for my mouth. As I did this, my other hand started reaching back. When the tip was in my mouth, I used both hands to pull him swiftly to me, causing him to go balls deep into my throat. While he was stunned by this maneuver, I wrapped his erection with my tongue, and started to pulse it, and suddenly, he unloaded. As he did, I whammied him to stay erect, before I came as well.
That was the cue for Filipe to ask Sonya to undress. Again, I pushed Inanna's and An's power, but this time at Sonya. She said, "Fuck it," and then stripped, as well. She applied the oil to her breasts, and from then on, she used her breasts to massage the oil into Filipe. Tony, meanwhile, came down from his orgasm, and realized he was still hard, and still balls deep. He decided my breasts needed more attention, so he went back to doing them, and just pretended everything was ordinary. At least, he tried. After reaching over to massage my breasts a few minutes, he leaned down a bit more, and put a nipple in his mouth. I felt his dick twitch, and soon he was able to blow another load into me. Again, we both had orgasms, but this time, I let him deflate. I milked him dry with my tongue, before letting him pop out.
"You taste good. Come, massage my arms." He released my nipple, but only long enough to oil my arms. Then he leaned down, this time over a lower nipple, and sucked in into his mouth. With his hands, he massaged my arms. Sonya was apparently taking a cue from us, and I spotted her tit-fucking Filipe. When he blew, she quickly stuck it in her mouth, and got the load. After he finished, she milked him dry.
Clearly, she was shocked, as she quietly asked, "How come you're still up?"
Filipe replied, also quietly, "My wife there trained me well. I'm good for three or four more before I wilt, so enjoy yourself." I just knew she stared at me, thinking wife? So did Filipe. "Don't worry, we're swingers, and love telling each other about all our adventures."
Meanwhile, Tony had managed to taste and chew on all four nipples. He finally sighed, and moved to my feet. To encourage him, I said, "When you move up on my feet, rather than do them from the side, why don't you kneel between my legs on the table. That will let you lean down to taste my nectar, if you want." From his expression, I could tell he wanted to very much. I think my feet got less attention than they deserved, as he was kneeling over me rather quickly. As he scooted up, I spread my legs to give him better access. He finally had to give up eating me out when it was time to oil my crotch.
I timed things just so. He was about to get up when I reached down and grabbed his dick. I then scooted down and impaled myself, and said, "I want a happy ending." Then I smiled, and brought his shoulders down, so he could nibble on my nipples again. He immediately took the hint, and began to thrust. "Faster, and harder. I want to be pounded." He upped his tempo, and thrust harder and harder. I whammied him to not come just yet, but to build up a lot more pressure. By this time, I could hear Sonya bouncing on Filipe. He got her to come twice, and with the second one, I released Tony. As expected, he came long and hard. When he came down, he was spent.
I looked over at Sonya, and she was staring at us. I said, "Sonya, why don't you help Tony down, and sit him on a chair?"
She looked at Filipe, and saw that he had softened somewhat, then decided to come over. When she got him settled, she said, "Tony, sit here a bit and rest. I'll take care of things for now."
When she stood up, I said, "You're about to leak. Why don't we sixty-nine each other and clean everything?" she hesitated, but then came over.
"You're so tall. I'm not sure if it'll work."
"Don't worry. I've done this before. Just climb on up." She did, and she hesitantly began. I stuck out my tongue, and easily started licking her. Soon, I had her panting, and I began to play with her sizeable breasts. When she was about to orgasm, I suddenly pulled her back, and sent my tongue deep into her, quickly finding her G-spot. This sent her into orbit, and I kept it up until she finally came back down. This exhausted her, so I gently got out from under her, and left her flat, but facing Filipe.
By this time, his erection was back, so I climbed on top of him, and gave them a show. Ten minutes, and three orgasms later, I let Filipe clean me up. We then got dressed and thanked Tony and Sonya for a nice massage. Stopping by the cashier, it was clear the soundproofing was inadequate. Filipe just calmly handed the cashier our room key-card, and said to give both of them a fifty dollar tip. She just looked at Filipe and me before doing so, in a state of shock. Leaving, I said, "Oh, they might need a little time to clean up the room. It got a bit, um... messy." Filipe and I smiled at each other as I said that. Thus began out vacation with lots of sex.
Soon after, I saw a passing crewman. I asked two things - where was the best place to watch leaving port, and when would it be announced we would leave port. I planned for us to be there before the announcement. It was only a half hour away, so we went there slowly. We were at the rail with another couple when the announcement came. I leaned down to rest my elbows on the rail, as did Filipe. This left my butt sticking out a bit more than his, and my legs spread a bit, but that was the plan. Shortly after we started to move, the breeze kicked up a bit, and my skirt caught it. Quite often, I felt the wind lift it high enough to expose me. I overheard a few quiet comments, and a lot of cameras going off.
That's when I noticed a change in the crowd. Suddenly, there was a bit of quiet, but then I heard someone say this guy's a pro. That's some expensive equipment he's got there. I chose not to react, but internally, I opened my mind to learn who this was. Turns out this was a pro, but not any pro. This was the pro Playboy assigned to take pictures of me. I monitored him, and when he was ready to take a brief movie, I kicked the breeze up a bit more and had it make my skirt lift real high, and leave me exposed for a full twenty seconds. I had whispered to Filipe to not turn around, and he didn't. But I heard quite a few cameras go off.
After the skirt came down, the pro put his stuff back in its case, then came up behind us. "Hello, Ms. Tate. Mr. Tate. Could I speak with you a bit?"
I turned around, and he clearly wasn't expecting four nipples, all aroused. He stared at them for a bit, but as he was about to apologize, I said, "Yes, they're quite real. Don't worry about it, I don't mind. By the way, call me Becky Sue, and this is Filipe, my husband. And you are?"
"I'm Jared Davenport. I'm with Playboy, and I am here to take lots of pictures of you."
"You get a good one of my butt, just now?"
"... Yes. How did you know?"
"The crowd gave you away. They saw a pro, and as a pro, you wouldn't miss such an opportunity."
"Oh, yeah, they did notice me. I kind of tune that out when I'm in the zone."
"That's okay. They clearly think you can do the job, so I'm not worried. I understand the guest rooms will be open in an hour, so why don't you join us for a meal? Afterwards, you can join us in our suite, and we can get the paperwork taken care of."
"Sounds fine. Where to?"
Filipe suggested one deep within the ship as likely being slow about now. He led the way. We made small talk throughout the meal, and even enjoyed a nice apéritif with dessert. Once in our room, I checked that all our stuff that was supposed to be here, was here. "Okay, everything's here."
Filipe said, "Great. I'll start by getting it sorted out."
I stripped, and said, "I'm going to check out the bath. Wanna watch? Maybe fool around a bit?"
"Becky Sue, your husband can hear you."
From the other end of the room came, "She likes it when you play with her long nipples."
"Come, at least watch, while I tell you what we did earlier in the day." While the tub was designed for company, I found it reasonably large enough for me to bathe comfortably. As I soaped up and washed thoroughly, I told him of the sex in the massage studio. When the story was over, I rinsed off, and got out. I dried off, and naked, I led him back to the main room. There I sat down on a couch, and Filipe joined me, leaned in, and placed a hand on my breast to play with it. "Please sit, and tell us about the paperwork."
He was quite ill at ease with Filipe clearly teasing me with his nipple play. Yet, he got through everything, and he gave us a list of the shots he wanted the most, and others he thought would be great if we could get them. The latter was a lot of public sex on the boat.
"I think we can manage that, and more, especially as this is an adult cruise with no kids." With that, he left, but did leave us with his cabin number.
We got up, and finished unpacking. It was a two-week cruise, with no stops, and I wanted to wear something different every day. For this cruise, I chose two kinds of clothing. Elegant clothes for dinner and dancing, and skimpy clothes and tiny bathing suits for the day. For the next cruise, I also packed a lot of cosplay outfits, including the ten I made while waiting for this trip. I planned to wear some of them here, but wasn't sure when I would wear them. If there was a pool table, I was so going to wear the Tina outfit and play all night.
As Filipe and I had sex before going to sleep, we told each other every little detail of our time getting happy endings. Before drifting off to sleep, I said, "By tomorrow, the lower deck staff will all know. Not sure about the officers."
"Knowing you, it won't take long for them to know." We both chuckled, and then fell asleep.
In my dreams that night, Inanna spoke to me kindly, "I am so going to enjoy your 'vacation'." I woke up to Filipe pounding me to an orgasm. He knows I like it when he does that. Before I put on my bikini, I looked at the list Jared gave me. I then left a message for him, so he would know where to look for me. Filipe and I decided to strike out on our own today, rather than stick together.
I stopped by a kiosk and got some suntan lotion. I then used Inanna's power to sense the most amorous place I could get a tan and headed there. Placing my towel on a lounger, I flattened it out before lying face down on it. Pushing a little of her power out soon had a young man offering to apply my lotion. So I handed it to him, and then untied my top to let him access my entire back. When he got frisky, I just moaned in response. When I didn't move when he handled the side of my breasts, he tried going far enough to reach my nipples. I just ignored him, and didn't react to his touch.
Eventually he moved lower, and with his success above, he decided to slip his fingers a little inside my bikini bottom. Given how small they were, he soon was fingering me. I just moved my legs further apart to let him, but otherwise ignored him. After I came, he moved on down to my legs. Maybe ten minutes later, I flipped over. I turned over twice more, with a gentleman applying lotion, before I got up and went for a swim. Several times some guy pushed me against the wall, and pulled my bottoms to the side, so he could have sex with me. Twice, I gave a guy an underwater blowjob. Both times, they were amazed I could stay under long enough to get them to blow.
After an hour in the water, I went back to my lounger, and dried off. Then I put my bikini top back on before heading back to my room to change. I selected a short skirt, a vest, and shoes. I didn't button up the vest, but let it hang over my breasts. Wandering to the front of the ship, there was a breeze coming from the sea, and over the ship. From the corner of my eye, I could see Jared setting up on the side. When he was ready, I caused the breeze to pick up a bit, and be more playful. I also noted other women without underwear, and sent playful breezes to show their choice. My body was revealed from time to time, including all my breasts, and Jared got lots of pictures.
When I felt the time was right, I retreated, and sought out a buffet where my body would be easily visible. I chose a seat where I could sit with my feet a bit apart, to allow my vagina to be seen by many, and I ate slowly. I noticed quite a few guys walked by to check me out. Smiling, I then headed to one of the exercise rooms. I used the treadmill for a few miles, and did some other exercises. When I noted a large group of women were getting ready to head to the locker room, I went there first. By the time they entered the shower area; I was already somewhat lathered up, and was clearly masturbating.
I was also pushing out Inanna's power, and they gathered around me. I opened my eyes, and said, "Oh, hi there. Did you want me?" With that question, I pushed out an extra pulse of power, and I saw several lick their lips.
One asked, "Are they real? I mean all four?"
"Why don't you come over and see for yourself?" she did, and when she hesitated, I reached for a hand and pulled it to my lower breast. "See? Quite real." I then reached for her other hand and placed it on an upper breast. "No difference between upper and lower." I then whammied her to get into it, and soon she was playing with all four breasts. I responded by playing with hers. After a bit, I moved one of her hands from my breast to my vagina. As she started to finger me, I started to moan, and then I began to finger her.
The others stood in shock, but they slowly gathered around. Another asked, "May I feel also?"
I looked at them all, and said, "I don't mind. If you want to see how real my breasts are, please, feel them." Soon, they were all reaching in and feeling me. They remarked on my long nipples, so I told them, "My nipples get this long when I am very aroused. You all are making me feel good. Let me make you feel as good." I then started playing with their breasts, and also fingering them. Twenty minutes later, as several seemed ready to quit, I said, "Let's go over to the benches, and we can eat each other out." Three followed, and as I lay down, one sat on my face, and another put her face between my legs. The third just continued to play with my breasts.
When I stuck my tongue deep in the one on my face, she was quite surprised, but I gave her no chance to react. I found and played with her G-spot hard and fast. This caused her to come hard and fast. We were there for nearly an hour, with them switching positions, before I left them all exhausted and happy. I then rinsed off, dried myself, and put my clothes back on.
Next, I headed for a game room. I found a bar stool, and drank a beer with my legs spread sufficiently for everyone to see I had no underwear. One guy walked over to me and chit-chatted with me. He placed a hand on my leg, and slowly started moving it up. I pretended to not notice, and continued to talk with him. The higher he got, the quieter it got, because they were all looking to see what I would do if he went too far.
I chose not to react when he brushed my vagina. This emboldened him, and soon he was finger-fucking me. My only reaction was some low moaning, but I gave no other sign. He started going faster and harder. I began pausing to breathe quickly, but still made no comment. When his fingers were deep, I decided to orgasm, and really clamp down on his fingers. When I came down, I grabbed my vest and flapped it a bit saying, "It sure seems warm in here." When I let go of my vest, it settled back, but leaving my left nipples fully exposed. I also noticed Jared perfectly positioned and filming the whole thing.
When it was time for dinner, I returned to my room and dressed in the dress Inanna had made for me. I met Filipe in the room, and we went to a dining area where we could dance afterwards. When we danced, Filipe spun me around from time to time, which caused the front of the dress to open, and I flashed the other dancers. We stayed for hours, and I danced with several other men, and Filipe danced with several other women. Eventually, we called it a night and went back to our room, where we fucked before going to sleep.
For the entire week, I found numerous ways to get laid, like 'accidentally' showering in the men's locker room, or letting someone feel me up and get carried away. Jared's list of needs were easily fulfilled, and his wants were happening. The day the ship had traveled halfway, my plan to be called to the bridge to see the captain finally happened. I was dressed provocatively, as usual.
Our captain was a woman, and I had already learned her weakness with some careful mental snooping. She was also stacked, and clearly worked out. I was ushered into her presence by a flunky. "Captain, here's the slut causing the ruckus."
"I see. So, you are some sort of movie star, huh. That doesn't cut any influence with me. While this is an adult cruise, you are going too far." She continued for a solid four minutes. The whole time, I was ramping up Inanna's power. When I sensed the captain was about to finish, I whammied one of the others, standing next to the PA switch, and he turned it on. Inanna's power had them all focused on the captain and I, so no one noticed the PA was broadcasting the conversation.
Finally, she asked, "What do you have to say for yourself?"
That's when I laid it on thick with Inanna's power. "Captain, you are quite right. I do enjoy sex, not just with men, but also women. I like both being submissive, and also dominating strong women, such as yourself." That's when I whammied her to accept my advances. I had already learned she liked being dominated, but it was her secret. "I know having to rule over a crew of so many, requires you to be strong, but that doesn't let you relax."
I moved closer, into her personal space. I made sure to talk loud enough to be heard by the PA. "I, too, have times when I must be strong to help run a movie. And it is so relaxing to let someone else take over the decisions, especially when it is sex. To allow a stranger to place a hand on my breast like so." I placed a hand on her breast. "Then to have them squeeze and move and play, just to make me aroused." She was getting aroused under my ministrations.
"Then my dominatrix sends the other hand to my crotch, first to rub, then to invade." So I put my other hand into her waistband, and slowly moved down. "You see, by that act, I submitted to her control, and became her plaything. I made no more decisions because the dominatrix chose for me." I then slipped beneath her panties and began rubbing. "The dominatrix would tell me to take off my shirt. So why don't you do so, and I'll continue to help you relax."
She started to undo her shirt before she realized it, and I saw the hesitation and fear, so I said, "You have nothing to fear. You don't need to make any decisions, and I will take care of you." I then leaned in and kissed her. This shocked her, and I began to finger her. "Take your shirt off, I want to suck on your nipple."
"Yes, mistress."
I knew I had her now. So I continued, "With the decisions out of your hands, you can relax. You can let your body enjoy the sensations." I then leaned down and licked her nipple. She moaned. "Yes, that's it. Allow your body to enjoy the sensation. Take your hand and bare one of my breasts, and when you see it, lean in and start sucking." Still fingering her, I used the other hand to signal one of the others to help me undress her. "Doesn't this feel so much better, letting someone else make your decisions?" I then started pinching her nipples. She started to moan. I went from fingering her, to pushing several fingers in and out.
I whammied her to get real aroused, and then have an intense orgasm. As she did, she became more vocal. "That's it. Let your body enjoy me. Feel the intensity, and the power of submitting to me." As she came down, I knelt in front of her, and began licking her vagina.
"What are you doing?"
"I'm showing you what you are missing." Then I stuck my tongue in deep and located her G-spot.
"Oh! What the..." She then began moaning, and then started saying things like, "Deeper. Harder. Your tongue feels like a dick. How is that possible." Then more moaning. Then suddenly, she came hard, and cried out, "Yes. Oh, that feels good! More!" When she thought she was done, I went back in and went harder and faster. This immediately sent her into another orgasm. I didn't let her come down for five minutes. When I pulled back, she slowly sank to the floor, clearly exhausted.
I signaled to the others, to get her dressed. Then I did something I had never tried before. I pulled hard on An's power, and projected it to the entire ship as I said, "Everyone, this is our secret. Don't tell anyone about this unless she gives you permission." I then got up, turned off the PA, and walked out.
I went back to the game room where I had been before she summoned me. Everyone looked at me, and I just smiled. "Anyone for a game of pool?" I got a taker, and he let me take first shot. That's when a number of people realized how short my skirt was when I leaned over to shoot. We were going back and forth, when after my fifth shot, someone impaled me from behind. They were considerate enough to not do it until I had taken the shot. I just remained bent over the table until they finished. Then I continued as though it was a normal thing. By the time I lost the game, seven more had impaled me. Yet, no one complained about my blocking the table.
After that, I went to a few more places to show my confidence. I changed and met Filipe for dinner. "I heard the Captain summoned you."
"Yes, just like we planned. You know what this means."
"Yeah. Jared's gonna get the scoop of his life."
"Think he can handle an Inanna-backed public orgy?"
"Well, he is used to taking pictures of naked women, so I think he'll hold out a while, but eventually give in before the day is out."
"Yeah. It'll be fun. Stay close, and I'll send some gals your way."
"You're the best." We went back to the room, stripped, and had sex. Tomorrow was gonna be a full day.
In the morning, I left a message for Jared to bring a lot of film today. Rather than choosing what to wear today, I just went naked. I also projected some of Inanna's power. I went to one of the pools, and lay down. When a guy offered to put lotion on me, I just said no thanks. But he could still do me right there right then. He did. When he left, another came, and soon he was pounding me. When the third guy was doing me, a woman came up and sat on my face, so I proceeded to eat her out. Soon, she was orgasming, and when she left, a man came and offered his dick for my mouth. I reached out with my tongue, wrapped it a bit, and pulled him into my mouth. Then I adjusted my tongue to completely wrap around it, and I began pulsing it to get him going.
There was a lull, when everyone there had me, so I got up, and went to a buffet. I lay down on a table, with my head hanging over, and my legs spread. I subtly whammied people to feed me, even as they had sex with me. While there was no lull, I got up after I was full. I then went to an exercise room, and began to exercise. I did some stuff as explicitly as I could, and gathered a crowd. Then I went into the men's locker room, and asked for assistance in my shower. I got lots of help, including Jared. When he was next to me, I whispered to him, "Don't worry, I won't tell." Then I fondled his erection, and brought it into me.
Throughout the day, and late into the night, I wandered wherever there was a crowd. Everyone did me, passengers, and crew. I, in return, made sure they enjoyed their time with me. It must have been three in the morning when I finally headed to my room. A quick shower and I went to bed. As I fell asleep, I heard Inanna say, "Good work, daughter." I slept with a smile on my face.
In the morning, I dressed in my flying outfit, and wandered all over, looking for those who needed sex. When I found someone, or a group that needed sex, I would pull them aside and help them. I even wandered in the crew quarters from time to time. Word had clearly spread, and now a few did more than watch or look away. That evening, I wore the Tina outfit, and played a lot of pool, so I would lean forward a bit. For the rest of the trip, I continued to wear revealing outfits during the day and fancy provocative outfits in the evening.
The day before we would arrive at our destination, I got a request to come to a particular room in crew country at a particular time in the morning. It indicated an expected duration of up to two hours. It was signed 'I need you'. This piqued my curiosity, so I went. When I knocked, the door opened, and there stood the captain, in a towel.
"Mistress, please come in."
Then, I understood. "I see you are ready for your training." I then walked in. "Close the door, and lose the towel." She left the towel at the door. "Choose today's safe word." I opened my mind to read her desires.
"... Cruise."
"Wise choice. So you enjoyed your first lesson. Show me to your bed."
"Yes, mistress." She quickly did, and I stood at the base.
"Remove my clothing, and fold it nicely before placing it on the dresser." Again, she acknowledged my command, and followed it. When I was naked, I lay down on the bed and opened my legs. "Show me what you learned about eating out a woman. Remember, if you like how something feels, I will likely also enjoy it."
"Thank you, mistress." She climbed between my legs, and leaned her head down. She began licking my vagina, slowly, from the outside. Continuing, she moved to the center and licked across the opening. I moaned to encourage her, and then she stuck her tongue in deep, while using her fingers to pinch my clitoris. Her other hand was on one of my breasts, playing with, and pinching, my nipple. I let her continue for a bit until I had an orgasm.
When I finished, I said, "A good beginning. Let me show you how to do it better. Come sit on my face."
"At once, mistress." She moved and placed her vagina on my mouth. I began to lick her, using my mental touch to learn precisely what she wanted. I built it slowly, and used my hands to caress her breasts and fondle her nipples. Just as she felt she was nearing an orgasm, I backed off, teasing her. Each time I did this, she got wound up tighter, and the pressure became even greater. When I felt she could not last much longer, I let her come. But I was kind, or was it cruel? I continued to lick and caress and fondle, keeping her orgasm going for nearly ten minutes.
Finally, she drooped over me, so I said, "Lay down on me, and I will show you my special ability with my tongue." I helped her lean down, ending with one of my nipples in her mouth. "Yes, suck it while I play." She began to suck, and I started up again on her breasts. Then I began on her vagina. I continued to lick it, but as I did, I slid my tongue further in. As I reached her G-spot, I began to rub there as well, even as I licked her vagina. I then nibbled on her clitoris, as well. Then I began to pound her with my tongue. This got her wound up quickly, and I soon got her to the point of orgasm, but I wouldn't let her come. With the help of a whammy, I was able to drive her even farther. When I did let her come, I continued to wind her up, which kept her in an orgasm for nearly twenty minutes.
I could tell she was wiped out, mentally, and physically. So I read her preference for a shower, and I got up and started it while she lay on the bed. Even as she was almost asleep, I picked her up and brought her to the shower. While I supported her with one hand, I washed her with the other. She soon revived a bit, and was able to stand. At that point, I started washing her with both hands. I did it in a very erotic way, which made her quite aroused, yet not so much that she lost focus. Soon, she responded by washing me as well.
When we finished, we dried each other. "Now dress me." I went into the bedroom, without looking back.
"Yes, mistress." She followed me, and put my clothes on me.
When she finished, "Now dress yourself, and entertain me as you do."
It was clear she had never done this before, so I gave suggestions to assist. Eventually, she was finished. I had earlier noticed a place in the initial entry room where a meeting could be held. So I said, "Come with me, and sit." Once there, I said, "Your time is up. I am now no longer your dominatrix, and you are no longer my submissive. I am just a passenger, and you are the captain. Tell me, did I please you?"
"Yes, miss... sorry, yes ma'am. Until you came, I didn't know how to get past my need to control. I had heard about such, but never believed it to be desirable. You showed me how much joy I could have giving up control."
"As I am sure you suspect, I have a bit of experience, when it comes to sex. I could feel your need, and so I moved to free you."
"You did free me. But now there is the problem of how I get more."
"Everyone under your command should be off limits. As to choosing someone, giving up control requires a lot of trust. My own skills allow me to, well, take control for a bit. That is how we first did it. I try to only use it when I see a need, like I did with you. Another skill is to attract horny people for sex. I made use of that the next day, and you no doubt heard about that. But you are free now. You now have the difficult problem of how to satisfy the urges you had been suppressing. I think some of your staff, while nominally under your command, may actually be contractors that are not under your command. Find one of those for sex, but stay discreet.
"Oh, and if you get any flak for what happened this cruise, blame it on having an entitled Hollywood star as a passenger." I then dug into my purse for my stash of photos, and selected one of Kitty Galore. I autographed it and handed it to her.
"'From one captain to another, remember to play. Helen.' Oh, thank you. I'll treasure this." I stood, and she escorted me to the door. "I'll never forget the gift you have given me."
"It was my pleasure, or more properly, our pleasure." I chuckled, kissed her on the forehead, then left. I heard her chuckling as the door closed.
Spending the rest of the day with Filipe, we had dinner with Jared. We talked, and I told him the next cruise would not have such blatant sex, but more elegance, where I would be showing off my cosplay skills. I suggested he set up a mini studio to take stills of me in the many costumes I brought. When he asked about the two weeks between, we told him we were seeing a few sights, and a friend, but would not be having outrageous sex. While there is no avoiding the paparazzi, we weren't going to be doing much but normal tourist stuff, or in private.
That night, we repacked everything except some suitcases. The larger boxes that held my many outfits would be sent to the storage for the next cruise. This way, we didn't have to worry about hauling it all with us everywhere. It would also be picked up by ship services, so we would not have to deal with it. In the morning, we dressed for the weather (raining) and disembarked. We got on a limo I had reserved, and it took us to John's town, and we stayed at The Tap House since I was familiar with it. The clerk even remembered me. I left a message with John, alerting him we had arrived.
The next day, John met us for lunch at The Golden Stout. We spent two days there, mostly with John. It turns out that he was now engaged to Sally, who I had met before. John had shared with her my desire to track down an ancient language, and she gave me a memory stick with what she could find. She also told me that John had let slip that I was more than I seemed. She had somehow figured out I was a priestess of Inanna. In her report, she asked if I was after a language of magic. The four of us stopped by a nearby sparse forest, and I used a pinch of Aja's blessed sand and cast it upon the ground in her name next to a seedling I had John plant.
The next several days, we visited a few castles, several historical sites, and two museums. One of the museums was the one that sold me the sword. I showed Filipe the assorted items I let the museum show from my time trip. I also showed him the prop sword they showed in place of the one I bought. He was fascinated by its story, especially as I could fill him in on what really happened when it disappeared. Finally, it was time for him to return home, and for me to board the next cruise.
I actually had two days before I shipped out. The first day, I had the second Playboy interview. The second, I had my first photoshoot. I dressed in my first period piece, a Victorian number with a large backside, plenty of embroidery, and a parasol. The dress was nearly floor length, and one of the poses I did 'sexy' by lifting the bottom a little to show a few inches of ankle. I met the lady from Lucire, and she explained that she had a deal with Playboy to get some of the shots they were taking. As they wanted different types of pictures, it worked well for both.
She introduced herself as Amelia Walker, from Lower Hutt, near Wellington. I heard a trace of accent, but I later learned it was affected, and her real accent was quite thick. She had to be quite tired, or tipsy, before it came out.
After the photoshoot, we did some shots about town, and a few shots of me boarding the ship in costume. One of the ship gofers brought my luggage. My larger boxes, with all my cosplay stuff, was taken aboard and would await me in my cabin. Upon boarding, they told us that the schedule was basically a day of travel alternating with a day at port. However, near the Horn of Africa, they would be traveling quickly to avoid problems. I wore the English outfit the rest of the day. Amelia went with me, asking others about the impressions of me and my outfit. Many others also asked me to be in their selfies.
In the morning, I went to the pool early. As this cruise was designed for a more party-like adult atmosphere; many ladies went topless all over the ship, and my heading to the pool naked wasn't a big deal. Amelia was my shadow, and she was in a tiny bikini, and carried a notebook and phone. She used the latter for occasional interviews with me or others. At the pool, some people recognized me from the day before. They were quite surprised to learn I had four breasts, since they saw no sign of them in the outfit. I told them I made my own clothing, and knew how to hide them with various techniques. In the middle of the day, I usually wore a short skirt and went topless on board. For dinner, I dressed up in fancy dress, and Amelia got Jared to take lots of pictures of these outfits.
The first day of travel had a costume-themed party. They rented out costumes, and also had some guests who brought their own. They had such a party once a week and I had some costumes. The first one was Obsidian, of the Mortal Kombat films. When I showed up with a cape, no one realized what I was hiding. They did see I was in armor. When it was my turn, I went on stage and did my reveal. I shed the cloak, then pulled out obvious fake weapons, but struck a pose. Then I did a sequence of hits, and spells that lit up hidden lights for the effect. I got a standing ovation. Afterwards, I mingled and let everyone get up close and personal to check my extra arms out.
Our next port of call was in Spain. After my morning naked swim, I dressed up as a flamenco dancer, with multiple layers of ruffles, and many colors. The outfit even had a bolero hat with fringes. When I went ashore, I was immediately noticed, if not recognized. Amelia followed, asking others questions. I wasn't worried about her keeping up, as I was easily seen from afar, and I usually generated a large buzz as I went by.
As I passed one alley, I stopped and turned back. I heard some good guitar music coming from the alley. Turned out there was a hole-in-the-wall bar just inside the alley. I followed the music, and had to duck to enter. Once inside, though, I was surprised at the high ceiling in most of the room. Beer was just part of this place. It also had tables, and a small dance area. I went to the bar, and got a beer. I asked the bartender, "Does the musician do flamenco style?"
"You're dressed for it. You know how to dance to it?"
"I do. Maybe not great, but I think I do okay."
He looked me up and down, and noted Amelia's presence.
"What about her?"
"She's doing a story on me."
"Hmm... this could be interesting." He turned to the player, and shouted, "Hey, Franco, you up to a challenge?"
He shouted back, "What kind?"
"The lady wants to dance."
Franco looked over at me, and raised his eyebrows. "Woah, you're tall. But you look hot. Too bad about the shoes." He obviously noticed I was wearing flats, but I just placed my bag on the bar, and pulled out a pair of heels. "Nice. Put them on, and come on over."
I swapped shoes, and had Amelia watch my stuff. I hurried, since the customers were all waiting for me. With my heels on, I walked to the musician, and stood straight, looking at him. Now was the time to see if my internet lessons were good enough. At least I had also watched some championships as well to fine tune things. Suddenly, he made a strum, and I moved a foot forward. Then he launched into a fast-paced flamenco song. I cut loose, and managed to do well, according to the shouting of the crowd.
In fact, they asked for another, so I just nodded to Franco. He did another, longer, song. Part way in, several patrons called for me to dance on their table. I looked at the bartender, and he shrugged his shoulders. So I pulled in Everest's power to be light like pumice, and then jumped to the center of the table without help. That's when they realized my heels were also tap shoes. The table made an excellent sounding board, and I used it well to counterpoint the guitar. After a bit, with others calling me over, I hopped over the patrons, and landed on another table, smoothly.
When the song finished, Franco immediately launched into another. We did eight songs total, and for a finale, I jumped from the last table, did a flip, and landed in front of Franco. I then took a bow to thunderous applause. While the place had started with a light crowd to start; now it was overfull.
"Señor Franco, thank you for the music."
"It is a pleasure seeing such exuberance. I could tell you are not a pro, but damn, you did good." His smile got wide when he said that.
I shook his hand, and then headed back to the bar, where Amelia was waiting. I called for a beer, and reclaimed my stuff. "Amelia, I got them worked up. Now it's your turn." She smiled, and then was off interviewing everyone. I finished that beer, and called for another. While waiting, I changed my shoes back. She came back almost an hour later.
I went to pay for our beer, but the barman said, "It's on the house."
"Thank you, but why?"
He pointed to the crowd. "You brought in a very big crowd. That's worth a few beers."
"Oh. Well, it was my pleasure."
"Not just yours." We both smiled.
We left, and went about town some more, and I saw some interesting tourist traps.
"I didn't know you danced flamenco."
"It is amazing what you can learn off the internet. While I don't dance much in the movies I make, I have done some in cosplay events. Then there are the parties I go to. There, variety is considered highly. An actress, by definition, is a jack of all trades, and variety is expected. The party games sometimes have skill challenges, and I have done well in them. How about you? You interviewed a lot of people back there."
"I'll say. They noticed all sorts of things about you, yet only two noticed you had four breasts. Everyone noticed your taps. I also learned that Franco is a professional flamenco player, and you impressed him. He likes to practice here at his brother's bar."
"Oh my! He said I was good, and if he's a pro, then wow."
"I know. But then, you have a reputation for perfection, so I'm not too surprised." I chuckled. "Watching you, however, was a thrill. Seeing the way they accepted you, was a surprise, since you are clearly an outsider."
"I think that is because I don't condescend. I treat them as equals, and as valued people. Everyone responds well to that. Sure, I can do some stuff better than others, but I know there is a lot I do that others do far better."
We continued to chat as we went through the city. I had earlier got the name and location of a good restaurant from the bartender, figuring he would know a nice local place, and it turned out I was right. It was another hole in the wall, and apparently, they knew I was coming, because they seated us right away.
After dinner, the maître d' came to me, and asked, "Ma'am, would you like to join the musicians on stage?"
"I don't play music."
"I know. But Franco said you dance well. They are playing jazz now, but wouldn't mind doing a few flamenco songs. But I would ask you to stay on the stage while dancing. The tables, well, they would not fare well as a dance platform."
I looked at Amelia, then the band, then back to the maître d'. "Very well, but Franco played rather fast. After the meal, I'm not ready for that level of speed."
"Don't worry about that. He was challenging you, and you passed with flying colors, literally and figuratively."
"In that case, I'd be happy to. Should I get out my heels? They have taps, and would likely be loud."
"The heels would be great."
"Okay. Give me a moment." I looked at Amelia, and said, "I can't resist, so you have more interviews ahead."
She chuckled, and said, "Go dance. I'll survive." I changed my shoes, and left my stuff with her. The maître d' took me backstage, and the band took a quick break to meet me. They asked, and I said I did about half an hour of dancing earlier. They told me they would do a set of about twenty minutes.
Leaving me there, they announced a special performance. They motioned, and I came on stage and took a quick bow. I nodded to the band leader, and she started. A moment later, I began to dance. I took all the stage, dancing from one end to another. I also used a bit of Inanna's power to make the audience horny. When the last dance was done, and the band called a break, I got a round of applause. I took my bow, and included the band on a second bow. Then we left the stage, and I got hugs from the band. Amelia gave me my stuff, and began asking questions of the band. Ten minutes later, they went back out, and we returned to our table. I got a subdued applause as I walked back. We decided to wait through another set, so she could get more questions. We went back to the ship after this.
When we arrived in Rome, Italy, I had an outfit as a Roman centurion in full armor, with a crested helmet, cloak, leather boots, and gladius. The sword was blunted, and I made sure the local cops knew it. Otherwise, everything was shiny, and clean. I was a selfie magnet as I wandered through town. Amelia questioned lots of the onlookers and people who had pictures taken. When a scuffle happened nearby, I realized a man had stolen another's wallet, and was fleeing. I just excused myself, and quickstepped to the side, and as the thief ran past me, I reached out and grabbed him one-handed and lifted him off the ground. I held him there a few minutes, until the cops came to get him.
Lots of people took pictures of me holding him off the ground, including Amelia. When the cops came, they asked why, so I told them I was dressed as Roman centurion, and they enforced the law. Besides, I prefer to be on the good side of the law, given how frequent I get their attention.
The next port I had a costume for was Tunis, Tunisia. My outfit was a traditional one, with veil-like pants, a colorful vest, and a flowing wrap of gauze that caught the breeze. Amelia again shadowed me, as I went about some of the more ancient quarters of the city, and she interviewed people about my outfit.
The next port I had a costume for was Athens, Greece, the ancient source of western civilization. I had made a peplos of sheer linen, dyed in an intricate pattern. I wore it open style, which meant you could see from my foot to my shoulder along one side. Holding it together was a strophion (belt) under my breasts, and jeweled fibula at my shoulders. I wore numerous pieces of jewelry, like the ancient women of Greece would do, even a diadem. I probably had five pounds of gold, silver, and various stones on me. Additionally, I had leather sandals that laced up nearly to my knees.
Jared took a few pictures, including from my open side. I had worn it loose, so it wasn't hard to flash him. When it was time to leave the ship, Amelia was worried I was showing too much skin. I just smiled and told her not to worry. As I walked down off the ship, I gathered An's power about me to seem noble, and one to be deferred to. I wanted to see some ruins, and be a little naughty while doing it. The whole day, I used An's power to make small breezes that showed me off. Last night, I had told Inanna my plan, and she promised to find someone to be my partner.
It was at the third ruins that I felt Inanna's presence. It was the ruins of an amphitheater, and there was a group dressed in ancient Grecian outfits. One was actually taller than me, and he had dressed up like a Greek god. My hips swayed as I walked to him, and the breezes started being even more playful, showing more skin than before. He turned around, and our eyes locked on each other. I recognized An. The rest of his group gave us a little room. When I reached him, I untied the strophion, and released the fibula, allowing my clothes to fall off, before saying, "Take me, now." He said nothing, but removed his own exomis.
Like me, he wasn't wearing anything under it. I heard a few gasps when the others saw what he was packing. Apparently, the group had planned a picnic, because even as his huge erection began to go into me, one of the guys grabbed the blanket he carried, and spread it beside us. In my head, I heard An say, "No sparks today, but bring it all on."
In thought, I replied, "Gladly."
We continued chatting in thought, even as our bodies were writhing. One part of the chat was orchestrating our bodies, so that we would be in sync with each other. So when I went to lie down, he came down with me, remaining buried within me the whole time. It was a few seconds before I realized I was not using my hand to keep him from bottoming out, and another few to realize he wasn't bottoming out. Somehow, I knew I could now take him without subterfuge.
To the amazement of everyone else, he was still fully erect after he came. I just continued to let him pound me into another orgasm. When he came the second time, I had my third orgasm. We then flipped, and he was on the bottom. That was when everyone got to see his nipple play, and how he played with all four. I seemed to have two orgasms for each of his. After an hour, in various positions, he decided that was enough for now, and instead spread my legs to eat me out. I came again. Then I returned the favor, but this time he lay down, and I did a handstand and deepthroated him by lowering myself, then raising myself. He came one last time, and I swallowed most of it. I returned to standing, and waited for him to stand. Then I opened my mouth to show I still had some of his semen. I showed everyone, and then swallowed the last of it.
Then in sync, we each reached out, and the onlookers that held our clothing placed it in our hands. We slowly dressed, never looking away from each other. I said, "See you later, stud." Turning away, I just walked back to Amelia, whose mouth was still dropped. I casually pushed it back up, and she looked at me in awe. I smiled, and gestured for her to follow, and we left that ruins.
Finally, she couldn't help herself. "Who was that?"
"A god I know. We've done each other a few times. Sometimes it seems to be a competition, but if it is, we both win."
Try though she might, she wasn't able to get any more information out of me about him. I noticed that when I had refastened my peplos, it was now a bit looser, and exposed a bit more. I also noticed the breeze was playing with it, and I wasn't the one controlling the breeze. That just made me smile. Finally, we returned to the ship. We were both surprised to find one of the onlookers was a fellow passenger. Her name was Sally, and she came to us while we had dinner.
"Oh. My. God! It's you! I was there when you did him. I just about died when I saw how big and long he was. Then I was in shock when you managed to take him. Girl, you are the bomb." She just pulled out a chair and sat down with us.
Amelia finally realized here was someone to interview. She got far more than she expected, as Sally wound up describing An, complete with a description of his huge erection, and also my handstand deepthroat. When she said he was well over twelve inches, I corrected he by saying he was fifteen inches. Both jaws dropped, so I just said we were both larger than normal.
While they continued to chat, I quietly went for another round at the buffet, and came back with a full plate. Neither one noticed. I just enjoyed hearing them talk about me right in front of me. When I finished, they were still going at it, but it seemed they were both discussing how it should be physically impossible to have a dick that long, and also to be able to take one.
I went back to my room, and took a quick shower. Rather than heading straight to bed, I decided to swim in the pool. Not bothering to dress, I just went there and dove in. With the sun down, there weren't many there, and I snagged a float, and relaxed on it with my legs open and over the edges. I caused the breezes to keep be in the center, and then spoke to Inanna.
"Queen Inanna, thank you for today. He was a wonderful surprise for me."
"We both wanted you to know you are not out of favor, and we both look forward to the completion of your punishment. An complimented your ingenuity of travel without planes."
"I do have a question. How is it that I can now take him in full measure?"
"After you became the storm, you reformed your body. His holy symbol was within you, providing the power you channeled into the storm. You took it out of your vagina later. I am not sure as I was focused on other things, but I think when you cleansed your body with the skill you gained with the talismans, you reshaped yourself. The best part is that you can now use two hands to pleasure him rather than one. I know he left happy."
"Then I am happy for him. I think I will go to bed now. Goodnight."
"Goodnight, daughter."
I then got off the float, and swam the length of the pool twice underwater. When I got to the deep end, I dove, then swam up fast, and grabbed the edge to pull myself into a double flip, landing on my feet by the side of the pool. I got some applause from the few people there, and headed to my cabin, letting the breezes dry me before I went below deck. I slept well.
Next stop Alexandria, Egypt. I dressed up as Cleopatra, in an authentic kalasiri, which meant my breasts would be on full display. The pleated tube dress was white, almost transparent, linen. Adorning it, I had numerous pearls, assorted gems, gold and silver pins and such. The thin shoulder straps came up between my breasts before tying behind my neck. I had bracers shaped like snakes on my upper arms and other band-like bracers around my wrists. These, too, were bejeweled. Every finger had a ring or two; my silver earrings had pearls. I also had a six-inch wide flat necklace that flexed and was well bejeweled.
I wore leather sandals, and on my head was a wig styled as she would have styled her hair. Intricate braids, with pearls woven into it, with a bun in back. It had silver hair pins with pearl heads holding the braids, as well as a diadem with a more roman style. This time, I had inquired of Inanna back when I made it how it should all look, to be as accurate as could be. I didn't care if anyone believed it, but just wanted it to be out there. When I put it on in the morning, I also applied heavy makeup to replicate what she would have worn.
When I was ready, I phoned Amelia to come over. She knocked and I opened the door. "Come on in. How do you like it?"
"Woah. You'll get arrested for sure. But damn, you look like the real thing, except for an extra row of breasts."
"Let's let Jared take some pictures, first. Call him to tell him we're coming down, but don't say what I look like. Oh, my legs are a bit restricted, so I'll be walking with a shorter stride today, so we'll go a bit slower."
She did, and we went down. When he opened the door, he just smiled, and said, "Come in, Cleopatra."
After taking a bunch of pictures, he gathered his traveling kit. Amelia asked, "You're coming with us?"
"I wouldn't miss this. A topless legend from the past walking through modern society? That's hot. I just hope to get a better picture than the paparazzi."
I said, "I have to go at a slow speed, so you can easily get ahead of me and settle your tripod."
"Great. Okay, I have what I need. Let's go."
So we headed off ship. I pulled in An's authority, and Inanna's sexuality, and cranked them both. I became a walking zone of silence as everyone turned to stare at me as I went by. After a while, I noticed my nipples were fully erect, as did a lot of other people. Anytime cops came by, I just concentrated a little authority over them, and thanked them for keeping the peace, then walked on by.
Given how bright the sun was, everyone could see everything beneath my kalasiri, and see that I was smooth, just like Cleopatra would have been. We stopped and took pictures many places in the city, but the best was in the museum. It was in there, I allowed the experts close, so they could examine everything. They got so into the examination, they completely forgot I was there as a person, even as I described every aspect of the outfit, including the use of real gems and such. I saw Amelia was recording all of this, and Jared was taking pictures as well. I learned he got several pictures of them touching my bare breasts as they exclaimed how authentic it was to have them bare.
We ate lunch at the museum, and then headed out into the city, this time to let the common people get selfies. I stayed out of the tourist area, and went deep into the city, using Inanna's pull to direct us. Quite often the selfie had the person holding a breast, or sucking on it. I also spoke in ancient Egyptian, but used my mental skill to ensure the ones I spoke to, understood me. We ate dinner, and didn't return until late.
We split up at the ship, and I went back into my cabin, took a shower, and still naked, headed for one of the ship's many buffets to get a late meal. After sitting down, two people approached, and started fondling my breasts, and a third crawled under the table to eat me out. I just opened my legs wider, and continued to eat leisurely. I came several times during the meal, and when someone left, I thanked them quietly, even as another took their place. Eventually, I headed back to bed.
After going through the Suez Canal, we stopped at Port Sudan, Sudan. The two main attractions were diving, and submarine tours. I already knew I was too tall for the submarine. Diving, while interesting, wasn't too appealing, as there was little interaction with the people. So I stayed on board, swam, worked out in the gym, got a massage, and enjoyed the buffets. I did notice there were fewer passengers on the ship that evening. Similarly, in the capital of Djibouti, named the same, there were some palaces to check out, but was otherwise uninteresting. We were alerted that the ship would be leaving very early in the morning, so they could clear the Sea of Aden quickly to get to the capital of Somalia, Mogadishu.
While most people were either watching the other ships, or staying in their cabins, I made use of the large pool to practice my underwater swimming. So when the commotion started, I had just gone underwater and wouldn't be up for two or three minutes. When I did come up, I didn't notice the chaos in my need to breathe quickly before going under again. It was the ship's sudden slowing while I was under, that I noticed. I surfaced and let my breathing settle, and heard some kind of alarm. Thinking back to the ship rules card I found when I got to my cabin, I remembered the small print where they listed all the alarms. This alarm was for pirates. The accompanying announcement just told passengers to return to their cabin.
Curious, I opened my senses to see where everyone was. I learned nearly everyone was inside. While I was checking, the ship came to a stop. My senses indicated there were people alongside the ship, probably in another ship, and were preparing to board. They were between me and my cabin. Thinking about the ship's layout, I remembered a curved area on the other side of the ship from them. I headed there, and on the way, used An's power to dry off. Once there, I used a spell to bring the predator talisman to me.
While I did not use words, exactly, I essentially said, "Predator, other hunters are approaching. I need to see. Fly over them and show me what you see." What happened was a large hawk appeared on my arm, and even as I noticed its claws starting to draw blood, it launched. The hawk flew away from the ship to gain height before circling it. As it did, I was receiving a vision of what it saw. I could not see well about me, but my other senses told me I was still alone. What I did see, when the hawk flew high over the other ship, was nearly fifty people. Over half were well armed, and looked to be lining up to come on board. This was bad. People would die.
I thought about how best to deal with this. I was sure I could avoid them with the tricks I know, but others couldn't. Law enforcement could not get here for quite a while, even if it came. I had to act, but how....
I needed an edge. I could make a sword, but not a gun, with Everest's power. That meant hand-to-hand, but they had guns, big guns. I wanted armor, which reminded me of my Obsidian outfit. It had armor, but designed to handle arrows not bullets. But it might slow bullets down enough that a rock hardened body might withstand. Using the summoning spell repeatedly, I summoned the costume and put it on. First I put on the combs, then the arms, then the clothes, and finally the armor. I left behind the weapons, as they would do nothing. I summoned Everest's talisman, and then my combat mods. Lastly, I summoned a pair of obsidian swords enhanced by the dragon tattoo. I was ready.
I then commanded the predator to find me a path to the pirate ship. I planned to run across the deck, then jump onto the ship and begin to hit with my fists, while using the blades against any weapons drawn against me. When the pathway was clear, I released its vision and sprinted as fast as I could, jumping overboard trusting the predator's view.
While they saw me before I hit their deck, they were shocked that they were under attack. I went full speed martial arts on them, and used a sword on every weapon brought near me. When I got close to the little ship's weapons, I sliced them as well, rendering them useless. The chaos on that ship stopped their boarding operation, and I was slowly knocking the pirates out. With about ten times my usual weight, their ship rocked as I jumped about. Likewise, I hit like a truck, and broke quite a few arms. Once everyone on deck was down, I looked for rope to tie them up. I also searched all the bodies to remove all possible means of escape.
In Arabic, which they had been using, I said with An's authority, "Everyone. Get up here on deck and surrender. If I have to come below, you will be hurt, and maybe die." I used my senses to track everyone, including those looking down from above, and they slowly came up, with raised hands. I searched, and then tied them all up.
I looked up, and called out, "You're next. Fight, and get hurt. Surrender, and avoid getting hurt." Then I changed my weight to pumice, and sprung up their rope ladder. I didn't climb it, but used it to pull myself up. In less than two seconds, I was on the deck next to them, with my tenfold weight. I then struck out at every weapon still held at the ready. Only one dropped his weapon, and while I sliced it to uselessness, I didn't hit him. The rest that were there fell to me. I searched everyone, removing anything they might use against the cruise ship, and threw it onto the deck above. I used a little of An's breezes to ensure they got there.
Locating a ship phone nearby, I called security. I heard someone say, "Stay in your cabin. We have been boarded by pirates. We'll try to get through this."
I interrupted, and said, "I just took down about thirty or forty pirates. But I need help to keep them secure."
"Yeah, tell me another."
Summoning An's authority, I said, "Look at their ship. You will see a large number knocked out and tied up on deck. I have another six here where they boarded. Now get your ass out of your chair and do your job. Get some people here to take the prisoners."
"Yes sir. I mean ma'am."
I heard him barking orders to look at the other ship. Then I heard disbelief, followed by orders to get people here to take my prisoners. Soon I sensed three people headed my way. When they came, they stopped in shock seeing me tower over a bunch of tied up pirates.
"Gentlemen, your duty awaits. I suggest you find an interior room that can hold everyone, so you won't need as many to watch them."
"Who are you?"
"I'm one of the passengers, but I teach martial arts. Call me Obsidian for now. I suggest you get a move on."
One of them grabbed two carts from a nearby buffet, and they put four of them on them. I picked up the last knocked out one, and the one who was still awake was forced to walk. We then headed inside, and they took them to a large storeroom. I asked them why more didn't come. They told me someone was on the bridge holding the crew there hostage. I left them there to get the others from the pirate ship.
Heading up to the bridge, I called the predator back to me, and asked it to enhance my hunt of the pirates on the bridge. Going past assorted barriers to passengers, I eventually got on the roof over the bridge. I then created a small mirror, and used it to peer into the bridge to determine the layout. Moving as silently as I could, I looked in from several vantage points. Then I had an epiphany. But would it work?
I needed a better location that also had a way to see what was going on. Using the mirror to look through the bridge, I saw an outside door with a small window. There was no way to approach it unseen, but if I had the predator manifest as a large creature, and pound on the roof, I would have a brief opening to jump down from the roof to the door. I summed it again, after indicating the need for silence before it began banging. Once it was in place, I jumped down, and signaled for it to pound.
This startled everyone in the bridge, and they all briefly looked to where the sound was coming from. I fell past the window and landed in front of the door. I squatted down, and then had the predator return to the talisman. Using my spare arms, I held up the mirrors to see into the room. I used two to make it easier to see. With my real arms, I began the spell to bring a small object to me, and I focused on the gun he was holding.
It failed. I didn't have much time before someone noticed me, so I tried something else. I looked closer at the weapon, and realized it had a clip. I changed my target to the clip and tried. Success. I slipped it into my armor, and then stood. Looking at the door, I used a sword to make a pair of angled cuts outlining the latch. Suddenly the door was unlocked. I pulled the handle, and entered quickly. As I did, I dismissed the mirrors.
There was a single bullet left in the weapon, and my entry caused the pirate to shoot at me. My speed and height meant he had little time to aim at my head, so he shot at my chest. I felt an impact, but it was low, so I didn't worry about it. I just advanced on him with my bare hands. First, I grabbed the gun and ripped it from him and tossed it behind me. Then I broke both of his arms to keep him from drawing another weapon. Then I went for a stun with a hit to his solar plexus. He dropped. After sheathing my weapons, I searched him, and found another gun, and a dagger. I handed these to the crew. Using some rope I had acquired on the way here, I tied him up.
"Folks, he is neutralized, and hopefully security is collecting the pirates from the ship as we speak. Are you okay? Are there any other areas that need help?"
"Who are you? Where did you come from?"
"Call me Obsidian. I was already on board when they came. Where am I needed?"
"There are some below decks, in Engineering, preventing us from doing much."
"Well, you can now call for help. I don't know how long it will take, but help will come if you call."
The captain said, "Ensign Jones, contact the Somalian navy. Tell them we caught a bunch of pirates in the act and have lots of prisoners." He looked at me and said, "So Obsidian, you're heading below decks, now?"
Using just enough whammie to get the truth, I asked, "You are the captain of this ship?"
"Yes." I could tell he was speaking the truth.
"I plan to, unless you would rather I not. I would appreciate if you could have someone lead me there, as I am not familiar with that part of the ship."
"You want me to put someone in jeopardy just to show you the way?"
"They need not go all the way. Getting me close is good enough, especially if they tell me the path forward."
"Okay... Ensign Smith, show Ms. Obsidian the way."
I left, following Ensign Smith, and he led the way down. I spoke with my mind to have the predator enter me to enhance my hunting skills. As we neared, I signaled, and whispered the pirates were quite close. Smith's eyebrows rose, but I just told him to return. He left quickly and quietly. Then in full hunting mode, I crept forward. I summoned a mirror, and pulled my swords out.
When I got to the closed door, I stopped and listened to it. I heard talking, but not what they said. Hopefully, it was enough to keep them from noticing me opening the door. Going really slowly, I turned the handle, and monitored their emotional state as best as I could. When one changed to a state of alertness, I stopped. I waited until they stopped being alert before continuing. It took nearly five minutes, before I opened the door a crack. Using that opening, and the mirror, I looked in to see what was going on. It took another five minutes to see everyone in the area, and determine who was a pirate and who was a prisoner. All three pirates had holstered guns, but held daggers out. The prisoners were bound.
I summoned An's authority, then loudly opened the door. All eyes were on me. "Gentlemen, surrender now, and I will take you prisoner. Resist, and you will be hurt, and maybe die." I also used a strong, confident voice, and hit the leader of the three with a whammie to surrender. He surrendered, dropping the dagger and raising his hands. The other two, however, pulled out their guns. I summoned a pair of daggers as I swept my hands by my side. Even as they raised their guns, I was throwing the daggers. I managed to plant them deep into their shoulders, causing them to drop their guns.
"I told you that you would get hurt. Last chance. Hands up now, or find out how much pain you can feel." Their hands shot up, although their hurt shoulders meant they couldn't raise them fully. I then searched and removed all their weapons before pulling out the daggers. "Keep your arm up to slow the bleeding. You may use your other arm to help slow the bleeding." I then walked over to one of the prisoners, and sliced their bonds. "Go collect their weapons."
I then continued with the rest, and when they were all free, I asked, "Any other pirates here?"
"No, these got the drop on us, and we don't carry weapons."
"Okay. Someone go fetch a first-aid kit and fix them up." I then picked up some rope and tied up the uninjured one. With another whammie, I told him, "Tell me what you know about this hijacking."
"Our boss said we had a rich prize here, and it would be pretty easy as we had someone on the inside."
"All you know."
"Oh. We have forty men to take the ship, a few more to handle our ship. The boss sent us first to take Engineering, and the next batch was sent to the bridge to secure it. The rest were sent to collect and sort the passengers, as several are good ransom targets."
"How many were sent here to Engineering?"
"Just us three."
"And to secure the bridge?"
"Six."
"Okay. When you are questioned by the cops, tell them all this, as well as all you know about your backers and your customers. Now sit down and don't cause any more trouble and wait for the cops." He did.
One of the engineers spoke up. "Thanks lady. Um... what do we do now?"
"Their plans have been foiled, and they should soon all be locked up on board. Don't worry about the insider. He was caught, and the captain took care of him. I would suggest you check for damage by these guys, and also call the captain to let him know you are now free, and to send someone to collect these three."
"Okay. We will do that."
"It's time for me to go." I turned and left, winding my way back the way I came. When I saw a sign to the public area of the ship, I dismissed my weapons, and used my spell to return my costume back where I stored it. Then I used it once more to get an outfit suitable for going about the ship. I then headed through the door, and found my way to my cabin. There, I undressed, and headed into the shower. I washed and then healed the talon wound the predator gave me, and then I looked all over my body to see if I had any other injuries. I needed to summon a few mirrors, but found nothing.
I finished my shower, dried off, then pulled out my Obsidian outfit to examine it. I found four places showing signs of bullets. The one from the bridge seemed to have almost pierced the armor, but there was no sign of blood on it. Two others were designed to spread out to maximize damage. Well, there was a large area showing where they hit the armor, but it was clear they didn't pierce it. The last one was on the side. My best guess is a scrape as the bullet flew past. I thought about repairing it, but decided to do it later, when I was off the ship. I repacked the costume, and decided to monitor the ship.
I began by doing some katas, and clearing my head. Dropping into a lotus, I began meditating, opening all my senses to get the feel of the ship. I felt a lot of anxiety from the passengers, but the crew seemed to be getting better. When the captain came on the speaker telling everyone that the danger was over, the anxiety went down a lot. He followed it by asking us to stay in our cabins until the crew got all the prisoners secured. Half an hour later, the captain said we were free to go about the ship, except in the roped off area near where the pirate and police ships were.
I dressed, and headed out to my favorite buffet on the other side of the ship. I figured half the passengers were trying to get a look at the pirate ship, and I already saw it better than they ever would. I did make an effort to stay under the radar, and managed to avoid notice. I even got a sensual massage with multiple happy endings. When I went back to my cabin, there was an envelope on my bed. It was from the captain, and he asked me to meet him in the morning. He gave a time and place, and I met him.
While it wasn't an official interrogation, he and the Somalia cop asked a lot of questions. When they learned I taught martial artists, they stopped asking questions about my combat skills. When they learned I was the actress Helen Asher, and the Obsidian costume was my actual film costume, they had lots of questions about how it worked, but not about why I had it in the first place. I reminded the captain about the costume contest at the start of the cruise. He blushed briefly, and then admitted he had forgotten about it, and that I won it. In all, they were satisfied, and finally thanked me for my efforts stopping the pirates.
Very late that evening, we docked in Mogadishu, Somalia. We were told the schedule was going to be delayed a day due to the attack. I had earlier asked the captain to get off anonymously, perhaps with the crew unloading the cargo. I got my wish, and when they came to my cabin in the middle of the night, I picked up my already-packed travel bags. My costumes were packed in their cargo containers, and would be handled by ship's services, later. They took me to a cargo hatch, where I met with a senior customs inspector. He took a quick, yet detailed, look at my carry-on luggage, and quickly cleared me.
As my luggage was being checked, I saw quite a few police taking the pirate prisoners off. Yet, after they left, their leader did not leave. Finishing, the inspector said, "The police would like to ask you a lot of questions. You are not in trouble, as far as I know, and should be treated as a hero. Let me introduce you to the lieutenant." We walked over there, with me carrying my luggage. "Lieutenant Bashir, this is Becky Sue Tate, the hero of the pirate attack." Then he left.
"Ms. Tate, we are in your debt. Pirates are a stain on our coast. We would like you to come in and tell us as much as you can about them. We would like to ensure we do everything we can to eliminate them. As you wish to depart quietly, coming with us would avoid the crowds."
"Thank you, Lieutenant. Lead on." I followed him to a police SUV. We dumped my stuff in back, and I got in front. Fortunately, the SUV had a removable top that was off. We went to the local headquarters, and he ordered the first cop he saw to bring the luggage, and follow us. We then went to a small conference room. My luggage was placed in a corner.
When the cop put the luggage down, the lieutenant said, "Grab a pair of pillows, and a blanket, and bring them here also." The cop left, soon to return. "Ms. Tate, a meeting is scheduled in the morning, when the chief arrives. I work the night shift, but will be staying late to be at the meeting. Two more government types will be attending. I am sorry we can't drop you off at your rental now, but it would be difficult to do it at this time of the night. After the meeting, someone will take you there. In the meantime, you can rest here, where it should be reasonably quiet. There is a bathroom down the hall, and coffee is always on." He pointed in the directions of the bathroom and coffee as he mentioned them. Then he left, closing the door behind him.
I decided to meditate rather than try to sleep. While I closed my eyes, and lay down, my mind was active. My first thought was to see who was here. It was hard, since there were walls, and they were out of sight, but I eventually began to touch other minds. The touch was weak, but I could get surface thoughts. The two most common were cops marking time, and wondering if these pirates would actually get punished, and the pirates being less worried than they should be. Eventually, I got some thoughts from almost everyone close by. I could tell there were some I couldn't read, and that there were others beyond my range yet within the building. By this time, I could feel the place waking up, and light was starting to show at the window. So I got up, and went looking for coffee.
People started arriving as I was nearly finished with my second cup of coffee. It wasn't that good, but it had caffeine. I asked Lieutenant Bashir to record this meeting, as I felt it would be important. Twenty minutes later and the meeting began. Captain Yussef led, and Lieutenant Bashir and two other cops attended. The two from the government were introduced as Mr. Omar, and Mr. Ahmed, from some agency. We talked for a bit, and I told them that I had no foreknowledge of the attack, but I gave a mostly complete walkthrough of my actions once I decided to act. As I spoke, I whammied each person to speak the truth when I asked questions. When we came to a lull, where we were looking for ideas, I spoke up.
"Gentlemen, it is clear these pirates are being helped by corrupt people." Everyone nodded. "Who here is aiding them?" That met with shocked silence, but it was broken as the senior government agent and the police captain both said they were aiding the pirates. "Mr. Omar, please explain in detail your aid to the pirates." There was shocked silence as he did. When he finished, I asked the police captain to explain his part.
The meeting ended in chaos, as those two were arrested and placed into cells. The bus designed to remove the pirate to the government's custody left empty. And everyone else got busy. I pressed one cop to call me a cab, so I could go to my lodging. I quietly left, even as I carried my bulky luggage through the halls.
When I arrived, I paid off the cabbie, and went into the office, where I claimed my apartment and keys. I then went there to unpack. After that, I summoned the predator, and asked it to look about to see how safe this place was. While it was looking, I took a shower, and then went to bed. I partially woke as the predator returned, and settled down next to me.
That afternoon, I went to the nearest college, and located a tutor for the native tongue. I also located a historian. The next day, I met both, and also arranged to send the bulk of my stuff back home. My goals were to speak like a native, and to learn the ancient history of the area. My tutor was surprised at how quickly I picked up the language. In two weeks, he said I now spoke like a native. While doing that, I found two more historians, and talked with all of them.
I also found several people at that college, and in town, that knew the area's ancient languages. I would play a small snippet to them to learn what it was, and where it was from. They all agreed that the area near Hafun was the most likely. My shopping included an off-road vehicle, supplies to make a camp, preserved food, and maps. I set up a local bank account, and used it to pay for everything here, including the ongoing rent.
When I departed, I handed the landlord the keys to hold until I returned. I wanted the place held as long as the rent was paid. I alerted Lieutenant Bashir I was headed to the Hafun area. As I traveled, I made numerous stops at every village, town, or city I came to. I spent some time searching for local historians and ancient language experts. From time to time, I got a tidbit of information. I also went a little out of the way to any area where the forest was endangered, or severely troubled. There, I spent the time to hold a little ceremony, where I placed a pinch of Aja's blessed sand in the ground in her name.
Eventually I arrived, and I got myself a room in a home. I decided to get the locals to like me by offering my strength to aid their repairs and construction. For one farmer, I helped dig a trench to deliver water. For a poor widow living in the village, I repaired the room. These, and other things, got the locals to accept me. When they learned I was seeking ancient secrets, they started helping me out.
I was there over two weeks, before I met the young medicine man. He came to me, and asked, "Woman, you seek ancient knowledge. You have aided the village, which we appreciate, but what makes you worthy of this knowledge?"
"Others have found me worthy, and I hope you will as well. What would you suggest I show or do, for you to think I am worthy?"
"What you have done so far, any seeker could do. You must do something greater."
"Then follow me to the farmlands outside of town."
"What will you do there?"
"I will show you who's favor I have, as well as aid the farmers."
"Then let us take a walk."
"Lead to the poorest farmland, and I will follow."
It took us nearly twenty minutes to get there, and we discussed what I had already done. When we got there, I asked for a few moments. I used the time to open my senses to see where it would be the best place to place the sand. I also called upon Aja's talisman for understanding what was happening to the land. Finishing my survey, I walked to an area of a nearby field that seemed poorest, and performed my ceremony there. The shaman was surprised that I invoked renewal for the many plants and animals by their local names.
Completing the ritual, I turned to him, and said, "In a little while, perhaps a few days, you should see something."
"All that, for a little sand?"
"A little blessed sand." We were silent for a while, then I said, "Let us return to town." He nodded, and we returned.
A few days later, he came by. "You were right. The sand has improved not only that farm, but also most of the farms nearby. Tell me more, how you gained this sand."
I related the story of my sand painting, and how Aja came to me, and chose to bless it. I also told how she used an ancient language, and it was this language I was seeking.
"Can you show me a sand painting?"
"Yes, but it is quite temporary. If you want others to see it, it should be protected from the weather, and from people and animals."
"Hmm, I will look for a place."
"Just let me know, and I can grab my painting kit."
The next day, he came, and led me to the house of an elder, who could barely move. "This wise man has offered the use of his table for your sand painting."
"Thank you, sir. Have you any image you wish me to paint?"
"I would wish to see my wife, but she died years ago."
"Can you describe her?" I opened my mind to listen to his, and even to go into it a bit to see her as he saw her.
He spoke for a few minutes, and I unpacked my freshly made kit. I built up an image in my mind of the woman he saw. When he finished, I examined the table, and determined what portion of the table I should use.
"Thank you for that description. Watch, and see her come to life as art." With that, I began. With the smaller size, it only took an hour. Part way through, I heard the old man draw a quick breath as he saw his late wife. When I finished, I put my kit away. Stepping back, I said, "Behold, the lady as requested."
The elder began to tear up, and the young shaman helped him stand to look at the painting. "You have captured the image of my mother, even her imperfections. Another might paint something similar given the description, but you have captured more than was said. How is this possible?"
"When I listened, I listened to what was said, but also to other subtle clues you both gave. Beyond that, I can feel your essence, and can use that to aid me. As I worked, you both reacted, and I used that as well."
Then the young man surprised me by taking a cell phone out and taking a picture of it. When I looked at him, he said, "Tradition is valued, but there are some new things that can be really useful." I just smiled.
After a bit, I left them and returned to my room.
Throughout the day, various villagers visited the old man, and soon the whole town was talking about it. The next morning, the young shaman came and invited me to share some lessons from his father.
The elder said, "Young lady, you have given us both a gift beyond value. Your manner has shown you to be helpful, and the gift of blessed sand, while showing little yet, appears to be affecting a large area, with more promise. This is a fishing village, with farms for food other than fish, needed for both variety and nutrition. It is clear to us your desire is not for power, but for knowledge.
"You desire to know the ancient language. As a shaman, I am a keeper of such knowledge. My son has learned some, but now is a good time to reinforce his knowledge, so I will teach you both." And so began my training in the ancient tongue.
When it became clear to me that I was pulling ahead of the young shaman, I began to subtly aid him. I also asked about its link to magic. The old man took two days thinking it over, and after consulting his son, decided to include that information. I was listening with my mind as well, and even dipping within his on occasion, when he told me about the magic.
After a month of lessons, they decided that I was learning far too fast for the young shaman to keep up. We continued my lessons, without the son, but at a faster pace. It only took another month before the old man told me he had no more to teach me.
"Elder, I would learn more. Is there another I might see for such knowledge, or someplace I might go to learn?"
He thought a while, then said, "While you might find another shaman, I think too much has been lost to time. But there is a legend of a lost city somewhere in the mountains to the northwest. It is believed to be near the peak of Mount Bahaya. If you find this place, you will learn much that is lost to us. You might even learn what you seek."
Two days later, I left town, on the way to Ufeyn. This was the nearest town on this side of the mountain range. There, I met with a local archeologist, who had responded to the request I sent by way of my friend, John, the archaeologist in England.
He came up to me, asking, "Hello there. Are you Doctor Tate?"
"I am. Who asks?"
"I am Peter Abdul, a graduate student in archaeology from Mogadishu. Your friend contacted my mentor looking for someone interested in finding the lost city near Mount Bahaya. He is too old for such an expedition, but said it would season me, even if we find nothing."
"Did you bring the equipment I sent for?"
"Yes." He lifted a small bag.
"Are you prepared to work hard, sweat, and learn secrets you must keep?"
"I am, but don't you want people to know what we find?"
"I do, but I have secrets also, and I don't want others to know them."
"Oh, I hadn't thought of that. Okay, I will keep your secrets."
"Then let's get our supplies." I bought another vehicle, and a lot of expedition supplies. The equipment he brought was mostly electronic equipment - solar panels, memory cards, satellite phone, hi-res topographic maps, and two GPS trackers. I didn't want the lost city to remain lost if we found it.
We left the next day, and headed off-road to get closer to the mountain. I used the maps to find a way closer, and I chose an open place to stop for the night. At dinner, I brought up the topic of secrets.
"Peter, one of the secrets I will show you is that magic is real."
"Oh? Do you have any proof?"
I smiled, dug the predator's talisman out and said, "This is a lesser talisman. I will be using it each night to ensure our safety in the wild. We will be setting up our tents shortly, and while they give protection from the weather, they will not protect from large predators. Observe." I summoned it, and I thought of the need for protection overnight. I indicated Peter as someone to also protect. It looked at him before trotting off to survey the area.
"What. Is. That?"
"I am not quite sure. It does choose to serve me. Now let us set up camp while it is still light."
We soon had both tents set up, and all the supplies were sealed up for the night. I said goodnight, and went into my large tent. Inside, I undressed, then began to meditate, using all my senses to survey the area. When I got a good sense of the area, I did a second scan, focusing on my rock sense. I was looking for signs of worked stone, which I felt would indicate a potential site. I also used it and the maps to calibrate my range. A few nights later, I decided I could sense out to about ten miles, but the sensitivity I needed only went to about five miles.
The eighth night out, I sensed something. In the morning, I planned our route to get us close. When we stopped, I explained. "Peter, last night, I sensed something near here. Grab your backpack, as I want to hike there and see if it is a true lead. I don't want to waste resources if it is a false lead."
"What about the vehicles? And how did you sense it?"
"I have learned to sense things others cannot, in part as a result of gaining divine patronage. As to the vehicles, watch." I cast a solid illusion of a small hill to cover the vehicles. "Go ahead, check it out."
He walked over, and stopped when he realized he was climbing even though he knew the ground was level. "Impossible. Not even a hologram is solid."
"As I said, magic is real. And this is another secret for you to keep. Any later exposition made, will be larger, and will use mundane means for protection. Now, follow me, and let's see what I sensed." Peter followed in silence, and I stopped every once in a while to locate it precisely.
Finally, we came to where it was. There was little here, just a marker of some kind. Peter was in shock that I went right to it, but also excited at finding it.
"Peter, why don't you show me your site skills, and clean off this stone, so we can examine it."
"Yes, boss." He took off his backpack, and brought out tools and began to carefully uncover it.
I don't think he realized he called me boss. Smiling at that thought, I brought out my phone and recorded a video of him cleaning off part of it. I later took pictures of the cleaned stone. We discussed it, and what it said. Between us, we were able to get a sense of it. Our conclusion was that it was a boundary marker to a city named Ile-Ife.
While Peter was ecstatic at learning this, I was intrigued. My own research into Aja indicated she was an Orisha of the Yoruba, and they are from West Africa. Their origin city is Ile-Ife. Could there be two such ancient cities? What was going on?
Peter wanted to explore more here, but I said there was no worked stone in the area. We recorded the location for reference and headed back. I canceled my illusion over the vehicles, and we continued on our way.
Two days later, we checked out another lead. This turned out to be some kind of simple structure. Peter told me this signified we were near to some important place. So I decided to meditate right then and there. I indicated I sensed something further north. Returning to our vehicles and consulting the maps, I decided it was too far for today, so I called for camp right here.
Due to the nature of the terrain, it actually took two days to get to the area. Towards the end, I was navigating by my rock sense, rather than the map, since it was not detailed enough to show any route. We were eventually able to pull up to some structures. Peter was in awe.
I suggested we camp outside until we found a place solidly built that could protect us from the wildlife. Peter wanted to report it immediately, but I told him we didn't want this place swarmed with amateurs. When we returned we would publish our results before telling others where it was. I mentioned what happened when someone claimed to have found Thinis, the ancient capital of Egypt, a few years ago. He agreed the only good thing about it was the person was arrested for publishing falsified data. Dozens of amateurs died before he was exposed.
In the morning, I sent Peter to do a survey of the area, and get lots of pictures, but I also cautioned him to remain outdoors. I also summoned the predator to scout the area. After he left, I meditated to examine the entire town with my rock sense. I also summoned rock and built up a model of the town, showing both the native land, and all the buildings. I used my phone to photograph the model. I uploaded that to my tablet and converted it to a line drawing, so I could make notes with it. I then dismissed the model. No need to make Peter keep even more secrets.
When the predator came back, it informed me of the significant local threats. I asked it to show me, and it asked me to hold my arm up. I did, and it jumped up, changing as it came into a bird of prey. It landed on my arm, and its claws penetrated my arm and drew blood. I asked why, and it told me that the blood linked us. It then went it aloft, and I saw what it saw. Shortly, I saw where each threat was, and what they were.
After it indicated it was done, I asked if it had found a source of fresh water. It then flew to another location. There was a small stream, a waterfall, and a pool at its base. I used my other senses and found it and noted it on my map. I had it return, and noted the local threats in the map as well. I was not surprised the fresh water was close to several of the threats.
I spent the rest of the time, until Peter came back, monitoring the surrounding life. I was trying to learn where food could be found by studying their movements and their emotional state. I planned on exploring the area to verify and collect fresh food.
When I told Peter of the map, he asked, "How did you make that?"
"What you don't know, you can't lie about. But you can rely on its accuracy. We can use it to note where we find everything. Tonight you can assign each building a tag, so you can annotate picture files, and also make notes of what we found. Please read all I have already added. There are dangerous animals in the area, but also fresh water. I plan of enjoying a swim. I am also working on finding fresh food, so we can save the preserved stuff."
"Let's see what's here... yeah, those are dangerous. You're right, fresh food and water will extend our supplies."
"Can you show me what you found?"
"Sure." He then uploaded the files to his tablet, and gave me a brief description as he showed them. He also suggested where to start. I let him lead, as it was his field of expertise. I did ask him to have a few pictures of each place before we actually went into anything.
Peter went off in the morning to get more pictures. I went out, first to collect fresh water, and later to get fresh food. We had expandable containers for the water, and a pair of backpacks designed to carry them. I took several trips, but filled them all. Fresh food was not as easy, as only some places were actually places of good food. I marked those that I did find, and brought back a fair amount of food.
My next item on today's list was firewood. I had brought some, but I wanted to get enough for several days. Lastly, I thought about meat. I pulled out my hunting bow and arrows, and went hunting. I looked for a prey species, as I expected they would be least affected by a little hunting. Peter returned to a fresh hot meal of local fruits and meat. That night he had a smile on his face from the fresh food.
In the morning, I suggested we go for a swim, and wash up. We got to the pool, and while he was deciding how to proceed, I just undressed and jumped in. I said, "Come on in and play first. We can wash up next to the outflow, so we don't get the pool full of soap. Don't worry, this soap is okay for washing outdoors. It won't hurt the environment."
"I'll keep watch."
"No need. I can do that while swimming. Also, I can handle any trouble. So take off your clothes and join me." I noted him staring at my breasts. "Oh yeah, I have four, enjoy lots of sex, and don't mind being seen. Now, come join me and have some fun." I dived, and swam to the far side before popping up. Then I did the backstroke across to where he was. I signalled with a finger for him to follow, and swam away. Eventually, he undressed and entered. We relaxed for nearly an hour before washing up.
With food and water supplies available, the next thing I searched for was shelter. Peter and I sought out a place we could use as shelter. Finding a place, we set it up as our base. From here we began a search of every place on our map. I insisted we look quickly at each room, so we could prioritize things. Additionally, I searched for magical or divine traces, and found three.
The first one looked to be some kind of work-room. The second one seemed to be a worship place. The last one I found seemed to be a library. Peter wanted to explore this immediately, but I insisted we complete the site survey first. We found four other libraries, and seven other worship places.
At last, the survey was finished. I went with Peter to examine one of the other libraries. I suggested selecting something that was likely to be unimportant, in case something went wrong. He had me working the camera while he pulled out a scroll. I was making a video in case something happened. The scroll came out of the shelf okay, but when he tried to open it, it was stubborn. Finally, it opened.
I suggested not opening it flat, but instead work from the video. Peter decided to see if he could open it a bit more. As I feared, the scroll got damaged. Worse, when he tried to restore it to its closed position, more damage happened.
"Oh, shit. What do I do now?"
"You put it down where it won't be disturbed, and we leave the room. We don't have the tools or the expertise to handle ancient documents."
"There is so much here to learn. We can't leave it undiscovered."
"Nor shall we, but this room is beyond us. What can we learn from other kinds of rooms? Their artwork, their furnishings, and so on?"
He sighed, then said, "Yeah, you're right. We'll go to one of the worship places."
We did this, but not to the one I was interested in. I encouraged Peter to do that one last. I helped him to understand the language, and have informed speculation on other things based on my knowledge of the Yoruba. We took pictures, and I noted the name of the Orisha this place was dedicated to. Later, we learned the art corresponded to the domain of the Orisha.
We completed examinations of all eight worship areas, and then we examined a few work-rooms and other rooms. Eventually, his enthusiasm flagged. I suggested he take a break, and let me examine the places I was interested in.
First, I went to the worship area. One thing that piqued my interest was that this one was dedicated to Aja. I meditated in the room, and also drew on her talisman to understand all the imagery. I was surprised it provided information on things other than animals or plants. There was one curious portion low down that said certain followers gained power in the dreamworld. This sounded familiar, but I couldn't place it.
Not getting much here, I went to the library with the magic. I did not touch any of the scrolls, but focused on the magic. It took a while, but I pinpointed it to a barren stretch of wall. With my rock sense, I discovered a secret storage area. I called Peter to video this. When he came, I worked at the wall, until the secret cache opened. Within were two pieces of amber, and both seemed to be magical, just like mine. I carefully removed them, and placed them in a secure box. I would study these later.
When I examined the workshop, I found a secret door. The revealed room looked to be empty, save for artwork on the walls. It was far better preserved than the art found in other places. Investigating the magic here, I could tell it was some kind of preservation magic, but very weak. Peter had finished taking the video when I said I wanted to try something.
When I saw he was ready, I pushed out some of my chi into the magic, with the intent of refreshing it. It did that, and more. Apparently I had missed the illumination magic, as it had been even weaker. It only lasted a few minutes, but Peter got the images on camera, and I got it on my phone as well.
"What happened?"
I looked at his camera, and he indicated it was off. "I pushed some power into it, but I don't know what in means." At this point, I was at a loss as to what it all meant.
Speaking with Peter, we decided that we had done what we could, and it was time to publish. We collected our stuff, and cleaned up leaving almost no trace. We also had sample artifacts, for study. Leaving in the morning, we got nearly halfway to Ufeyn before stopping to camp. We camped once more rather than arrive late in the evening. In the morning, I reminded him about keeping my secrets, and whammied him to enforce it.
I got us hotel rooms, so we could freshen up. We also sorted everything, and I arranged to ship the expedition equipment to my apartment in Mogadishu. The artifacts remained in my room. The next day we drove back there, taking several days. Peter stayed at my place while we wrote up what we found. I did have him exclude the magic glow from the secret room, and the pieces of amber along with their hiding place.
Aside from that, we put everything in, including the marker and simple structure. We held back the locations, as that would be his ticket to the expedition that would be sent soon. When it was ready, I sent a copy to John to look over before we submitted it for publication. The document went back and forth a few times, until all were satisfied. Peter came with me to a branch of an international bank, and we created an account that I filled with his pay, and bonus.
He submitted the article, and the next day we presented his mentor with a print, along with all the artifacts we had gathered. "You found the lost city? How?"
I said, "That is my secret, and not too germane to the discovery. There will no doubt be an expedition sent to further explore and learn about it. There is much we could not handle, as we had neither the training nor the equipment. Peter can tell you about what all is there, and show you pictures not in the article. Also, we brought you the artifacts to begin your expert work."
"Peter, is this true?"
"Yes, doc. She has her secrets, but they are about her, not the city. And we have the artifacts to prove things."
"Did you learn the name of the city?"
I said, "Show him." Peter then pointed him the article.
He read the summary. "You think it is the same city?"
Peter replied, "It is a possibility. The similarities are there, but more study is needed."
I interrupted. "This is your field of expertise. I will be leaving town, but I will stay in touch."
I expected the expedition would be big news.
But that is another story...