I couldn't stop thinking about the night Martha had pleasured herself in front of the window for the neighbour and the sex we'd had afterwards. I wanted it to happen again, but she shut down every attempt I made. Martha, when noticing that the curtains were open even the slightest of margins, would close them, and when I broached the subject of exhibitionism, shot me down immediately. Months passed, and I started to accept she would not indulge in exhibitionism again even though I knew she liked it more than she'd ever admitted to it, but how far one could push the subject before it became an issue.
On a Saturday afternoon, as usual, I watched a game on the telly when she arrived home from a shopping trip to the mall. She came into the living room, kissed me on the head and told me she was going to have a shower. I looked at her intriguingly, wondering why since she had never had one on a Saturday afternoon. The game was practically over when I heard her calling. Entering the bedroom, I saw her lying on the bed in the semi-dark room as the curtains were fully closed. She was wearing a black lacy nighty, only tied together under her breasts by ribbons, panties, suspenders and stockings, while she donned a pair of black pumps with steel spiky heels on her feet. I noticed she had her face made up in smokey eye style with dark lines and tones while her lips were ruby red.
"Wow! What's going on?"
"Do you like it?"
"I sure do, sexy wife."
"I bought it today, in the spur of the moment, though.., I had some help."
"Well, it is very sexy, Baby. Wait.., did you say you had help?"
"Do you want to know what happened?" she asked with a mischievous smile.
"Yes, of course, I do," I said, sitting on the bed beside her.
"Well.., I was in the lingerie shop wanting to buy a few pairs of stockings as a couple of them had become damaged, and while in there, I was browsing their latest offerings when I heard a man telling me the nightie I was holding was very nice but very conservative. I turned around, and to my surprise, it was Jason. Suddenly all the things we had done flashed through my mind, and my pussy tingled seeing him."
Her words made me smile and gave me hope that she would indulge in exhibitionism again one day, but I did not say anything, only ran my finger across her thigh, feeling the welt of the silky stocking under my touch as she continued.
"I did not expect that, pushed that feeling aside, and after greeting him, I asked what brought him into the lingerie shop. He said he saw me walking in and followed me to say hello as we had not seen each other for so long. I asked him if he was a stalker. He said if he got arrested talking to a beautiful woman like me, he would not care. That made me blush, that he noticed, but he did not mention it. Instead, he said the nightie I was holding was not very sexy. His comment got the better of me, and I asked him what he would suggest for me to wear, thinking he would choose something slutty that suited a twenty-something.
As we walked through the isles and he considered the articles, to my surprise, he selected a couple that were very sexy, and I would have bought them myself. He handed me the lingerie and told me it was time to try them. I had not realised until then we were standing in front of the changing rooms, and the shop assistant told me I could use the first cubicle. She said if I wanted to show the gentleman how I looked, that was fine, and part the curtains to do so as he could not go in. I saw Jason smiling, but I would not do that, although I felt tempted when I saw myself in the mirror, merely to see his reaction."
"Maybe you should have," I said, looking at her with a raised eyebrow.
"Maybe I should have," she said, biting her lower lip for a few seconds, then continued. "After trying them on, I decided to purchase the one I am wearing now. I was paying for my stockings and the lingerie when Jason said he could hardly wait to see me wearing them. I could see the smile on the shop assistant's lips as she said to him, 'She will knock your socks off'."
"Well, she was right. You do look very sexy."
"Thank you, Babe. Outside of the shop, Jason asked me to have coffee with him. I said no at first, but then, after some hesitation and persuasion, I agreed, and we went to the same café as before, sat in the back, away from everyone. I did not feel the same apprehension this time sitting with him. He said he had enjoyed our exhibition very much and was somewhat disappointed he had not seen me since. I told him I was uncomfortable with what we had done, and it made me feel cheap and like I was cheating on you. He had the same argument as you, but that did not make me feel better about it."
"That's a shame," I said with a sad face that made her smile.
"Then he asked if I would do anything for you, naturally within reason, and I said yes. He asked if you wanted to show me off, would I let you, would I trust you enough to do it? I said yes. Then he asked if you wanted to show me off, and I reluctantly admitted yes, you did. He continued telling me if a couple decides to broach sexual activities outside the bedroom as a couple, sharing the moment as one, that is not cheating by either party. When it is a consensual activity, it is part of a loving relationship, and it does not matter what the world thinks. He said, even though I said yes to entertaining your desires, it seemed I was the one to say no to some harmless fun.
I smiled and stood up, saying I had to go. Jason looked up into my eyes and said he would love to see me in my new lingerie, watch me being fucked, adding he would be home in the afternoon. I said bye, and as I walked away, I could feel dampness in my panties. On the way home, I kept thinking about what he'd said, what you had been telling me, and I decided I would put the decision in your hands. I trust you, husband. You will not let me down, will you? You want Jason to watch us, then open the curtains."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, I trust you, Babe. I trust you will not hurt me, and our relationship will not suffer because of the fetish we both harbour."
"Did you just say you have an exhibitionist fetish?"
"Yes, I've always had but suppressed it," she murmured, biting her lower lip.
I leant over and softly kissed her, then walked to the window, pulled the curtains open, looked over to Jason's window and saw him on his bed reading. He noticed me and put his book on the bedside table. I went to sit in the armchair by the corner, watched Jason get off the bed and walk to the window.
"Model your lingerie for him," I said, turning to Martha.
She bit her lower lip, slipped off the bed and walked to the window, eyes focused on Jason. She seemed unsure of what to do, swayed and turned awkwardly at first, but then warmed up and began to sway lecherously, teasing us. She looked at me, biting her lower lip.
"Is this what you want, husband?"
"Yes.., you are so hot, sexy wife."
"Does it turn you on, watching your wife exhibit herself to another man?"
"Yes, Baby."
"Show me, let me see your cock."
I stood up and quickly removed all my clothes, then sat back in the armchair, holding my hard cock in my hand. Our eyes met, and I could see the excitement in Martha's eyes. She turned towards the window and pointed at Jason, who quickly understood what she wanted and removed his clothing. We watched her sway and caress her body as we stroked our cocks.
"Bring me a chair, Babe."
I quickly grabbed the chair from the dressing table, placed it in front of the window for her, and she sat down facing Jason while spreading her legs wide. I sat back in the armchair, rubbing my cock as Martha began to run her hands over her body, squeezing her breasts, seductively running her fingers through her hair, teasing her pussy for several minutes while looking at Jason, who was sitting on the edge of his bed now, stroking his cock.
"Do you like to watch your wife play with herself for another man?" She asked, turning towards me.
"Yes, Baby."
"Are you not jealous seeing me, seeing us masturbate for each other?"
"No, Babe. I am turned on so much I could cum any second."
"Don't touch your cock. I forbid you to cum until your slut wife says so. You like your wife being a slut, don't you?"
"Yes, I do."
"Then watch me cum for Jason. Do you want me to cum for him?"
"Yes.., cum for Jason, hotwife."
She turned towards the window and, whilst looking at Jason, began to massage her pussy while spreading her legs further and rolling her clit with her finger. Slowly, her breathing became rugged, and her soft moans became louder. I glanced over to Jason, who furiously beat his meat, eyes on my wife.
"Make me cum, Jason, oh fuck.., make this slut wife cum," she murmured huskily.
I quickly turned my head towards her, hearing those words and saw her legs trembling uncontrollably, her head flipped back, fingers furiously frigging her cunt. She was a hot, exquisite sight as her orgasm slowly overwhelmed her being. I loved to see her cum, and watch her pleasure rip through her gorgeous body.
"Oh fuck.., I am cumming.., oh, fuck.., Jasoooon!" She squealed, her body shaking on the chair, eyes on Jason.
Watching my wife, I could feel my cock was as hard as ever. I had to grab the armrests not to grab my cock and wank myself into a frenzy. It was the hottest thing I had ever seen.
"Oh fuck..," she said, looking at me with eyes of pure satisfaction. "Did you like that? Did you like your hotwife coming on Jason's cock?"
I wasn't shocked by her words, for I had the same thoughts watching her cum and, aroused to no extent, I could only nod. Her words made me think there were more than just exhibitionist tendencies that she had suppressed, and maybe, she would fuck Jason if.., her words interrupted my thoughts.
"Come here, my cuck husband, and clean my pussy."
I got up and began to walk towards her, thinking she just called me a cuckold when she told me on my hands and knees. Did she want to humiliate me in front of Jason? I did not know that, but I did as she told me. Crawling the last couple of metres, I moved between her legs with my back to Jason, I saw her red, swollen lips protruding through the slit of her panties, and just then, I realised that she was wearing crotchless panties. She smiled and bit her lower lip as our eyes met.
"Do you like my panties? Jason chose these for your hotwife."
"Yes, I love them."
"Eat my pussy, Babe."
I placed my hands on her thighs, leant to her glistening pussy and licked her swollen lips, finding the smell intoxicating, the taste divine. I began to lick her clit rhythmically, the way she loved it, when she put her hands on my head, pushing my face into her crotch.
"Lick my sloppy cunt, husband, and make me cum on your tongue for my voyeur," she murmured.
Holding my head firmly against her pussy, I felt the occasional tremble of her thighs. I was so excited, and this whole experience felt like it was out of this world and in a way, it was, at least for us. All I could think of was making Martha cum at that moment.
"Oh yes, Jason, stroke that beautiful cock, make it hard for me," she murmured while her body writhed uncontrollably.
As her orgasm washed over her once again, I eased back on her clit, teasing it enough to prolong her high. After a while, she pushed me away, walked to the bed, and got on her hands and knees, facing the window.
"Fuck me, husband, fuck my sloppy, used cunt," she said, looking at me kneeling where she'd left me smothered in her juices.
She did not have to say it twice. I moved behind her, slapped her arse cheek hard, which made her yelp, and my cock entered her sloppy cunt. Grabbing her hips, I began to fuck her forcefully, dipping in and out of her just as she loved to be fucked.
"You like to be an exhibitionist slut, being fucked in front of our neighbour, don't you, hotwife?"
I looked at Jason, who sat on his bed watching us with his semi-hard cock in his hand while pulling on it. I didn't know if he had come or how many times, but he did look like someone who had come and watched us in the afterglow of his orgasm.
"Yes.., oh fuck, yes," she howled, "I am an exhibitionist slut."
"Look at him. Look how he is playing with his cock, thinking of you."
I slapped her arse cheek hard, which made her head snap back, and she yelped, turning her head towards Jason. I thought I would push it even further to see how far I could take it before Martha stopped me.
"You are thinking of sucking his cock, aren't you?"
"Yes," she moaned.
"Want him to fuck your cunt?"
"Oh god!"
"Make you cum?"
"Yesss," she hissed.
Fill you with his spunk?"
"Oh fuck.., yes, fuck my sloppy cunt, you cuck," she squealed, looking back at me, and those words were enough for me to know she suppressed more than just exhibitionism.
"You want me to fuck your sloppy cunt filled with his spunk?"
"Oh fucking hell... Yessssss!" she screamed, and her body began to spasm uncontrollably.
Her arms buckled under her, and her head fell onto the bed. I grabbed her by her hair, pulling her head up while ramming my cock into her convulsing cunt.
Watch your lover while I fill your cunt with sloppy seconds," I growled.
"Yesss, give me your sloppy second," she squealed, making me cum in her trembling body.
Soon after, when we calmed down somewhat, collapsing on the bed, we cuddled and kissed lovingly, forgetting about Jason in the afterglow of the events.
"I love you, Martha. I love the 'new' you, sexy vixen."