Simon had a routine now: every day he worked from home he would sit near his window and wait for Lauren to appear. She would dance and strip by her window, and then they would both masturbate until they came. She was getting a little braver too: bending over and spreading her ass and using a dildo. Simon hadn't needed to call or text her even once, she was always in her room ready to show off. So it caught him by surprise when his phone rang with her number one evening, just after he finished work. He picked up straight away.
"Hi Simon"
"Hi, how are you?"
"Okay. I'm making dinner tonight and suggested to my husband you come around for dinner. As long as you don't give anything away it could be fun."
Simon's mind started racing. He was starting to suspect that Lauren's husband didn't know about her daytime activities. He felt guilty, but his cock didn't. "Your husband doesn't know?"
"George. And he doesn't. He's not going to find out. Come around 6:30." She hung up. Simon jumped in the shower and got dressed. He grabbed a bottle of wine and headed over the road to Lauren's.
He knocked on the door and it opened to George. He offered the wine and they shook hands. Simon surprised himself with how easily he smiled and held eye contact with a man who's wife had licked the cum from his cock. He sat opposite him at the dinner table and made small talk as Lauren finished preparing dinner. Soon she joined them, and sat beside her husband. She was wearing a modest outfit for once -- a sweater and jeans. Simon avoided eye contact with her and focused on eating his meal, afraid he would show his guilt.
About halfway through the main course, Simon felt Lauren's leg brush against his, then hold still against his knee. He shifted nervously and glanced at her. She smirked, and started rubbing her leg against his thigh slowly. Simon felt himself blush, and stuttered slightly through his story about work.
After a few minutes of conversation and footsy, the wine was finished and George offered to get another bottle. The moment he left the room Lauren's hand was under the table and crept up his thigh. She made a shush gesture with her other hand, then pulled up her sweater to show him that she wasn't wearing a bra. Simon nearly groaned when her hand reached his crotch and rubbed his bulge. Feeling brave (and horny), Simon decided the no touching rule was already being bent by her hand jerking him off through his jeans, and he started playing with Lauren's boobs. She moaned softly the moment he pinched her nipple, and he groped her slowly until they both heard George's footsteps returning.
Immediately, they both snatched their hands away and she tugged down her sweater. The door opened to them looking completely normal, and George cracked open the second bottle of wine and topped up all three glasses. The dinner continued, neither of them giving anything away. The wine was making all three of them more relaxed, and conversation flowed easily as they finished the meal. Simon felt nervous every time he made eye contact with Lauren, so he focused on George when he could.
They finished the meal and as they finished the last of the wine, Simon made his excuses to leave. George and Lauren both wanted him to stay, offering more wine and a spare room to crash on, but he was worried what she would do if he was sleeping over. He thanked them over and over for their hospitality, but insisted on going home. The couple walked him to the door and he hugged them both before leaving. Lauren's hug was slightly too tight and close, and he felt his cock harden again.
The moment he reached his house, his phone buzzed with a text. It was a picture from Lauren of her in the toilet with her top off and the message: "Stay up, I need to see you when George is asleep". Simon just replied, "Okay, come over the door is open", and sat on his sofa looking out the window, waiting for what she had planned.
Only fifteen minutes later her door opened and Lauren appeared. She was wearing only pyjama bottoms, her tits on display. She nervously jogged across the street to his house. Simon's cock hardened at the risk she was taking. He quickly jumped up and closed his curtains and she ducked through his door and into the living room.
She wasted no time. Immediately Lauren dropped to her knees and started undoing his jeans. Simon stood over her and admired her body as she fumbled with the buttons. He noticed her wedding ring as she finally got them loose, and it made his cock even harder. He had fantasised about this moment so many times, and now at last Lauren was softly licking his bulge through his boxers. She moaned and started slowly pulling them down, "I just want to serve you, make me your slut please." Simon moaned too and his cock sprung free, bouncing against Lauren's face.
She was enjoying herself, taking her time licking up and down his shaft and kissing his balls. She looked up and kept eye contact while she slowly teased her neighbour's cock. Simon was lost, a constant stream of moans and "fuck" was all he could manage. She finally took the head of his cock into her mouth and swirled her tongue across it, making him shudder in pleasure. The wine was helping her confidence, and although she felt a twinge of guilt at sucking the first cock that wasn't her husband's in twenty years, the thrill of it was much greater.
She started slowly sucking his cock, taking in every inch and slowly releasing again with a pop of suction. She felt powerful, making Simon moan with each lick of her tongue. She sped up gradually, bringing him closer. She left his hips buck as he tried to accelerate but she kept her pace. Suddenly he gripped her hair, and tugged her head down onto his cock. She gagged a little and tried to take back control, but he was too strong. She had never been facefucked before, she considered herself too respectable for that, but something about Simon was making her feel submissive. He had a tight grip on her hair, and the slight pain and loss of control was making her pussy drip.
Simon was choosing the pace now, and he was fucking her face fast. Lauren was gagging and tears were welling up in her eyes, and despite herself she loved the sensation. The noisy glugs of her throat turned her on even more. She kept her eyes and throat wide open and let Simon use her for his pleasure. She craved his cum. And she realised she craved his dominance.
Simon couldn't believe it. From the moment she had stripped for him, he had been imagining her on her knees gagging on his cock. And now she was here, letting him face fuck her while her husband slept over the road. He was close to cumming in her mouth, and collected himself enough to speak, "You're my cheating slut now, you're such a good blowjob whore." Lauren could only moan and whimper a yes around his cock, "I'm going to cum, fuck, fuck, swallow it while your husband sleeps, god your throat feels so good, fuck."
He moaned over and over as he got closer, and Lauren enthusiastically tried to fuck her own throat even faster. She let him force his cock deeper and deeper down her throat until she felt him twitching and throbbing as he reached orgasm. She grabbed his thighs and pulled him deep, holding his cock inside her throat as he came, and swallowing everything. He kept hold of her hair and pinned her in place too as each spurt of cum filled her. He finally pulled back and a string of drool hung between her mouth and his cock. She smiled up at him and licked her lips, "That was so hot. I realised I need more than showing off. I need you to own me." Simon was taken aback, but the words clicked somewhere inside him, and he looked down at her,
"I own you, slut. Your mouth is mine from now on, no sucking your husband, only worshipping me."
"Fuck. Yes, of course. My mouth is yours, daddy."