"PSSSSSSST!"
Piper Cherry motioned to Josie McKellen from the hallway as her last class before lunch began departing. Waiting until the class filed out in front of her some of the boys started whistling in passing. Flaring her eyes at her wolves Piper said "Keep that up. Those too." Sly winks at sizeable bulges in their jeans it was certain that they would.
Standing in the doorway Piper shared a devilish grin expecting to find her bestie Josie grouchy. After her run in with her first period festivities, joining Reese Teller in eating Josie out alongside Piper, the rest of her day remained uncertain. All she knew was Josie was not smiling like she had been.
"Step inside and shut the door. We need to talk." Josie frowned acting edgy.
Piper switched expressions to instant worry, "Oh no! What's wrong?" Shutting the door she shuffled barefoot over to Josie.
"Where are your shoes?"
"Carl's holding them captive. He locked me out of our office."
"Insanity!"
"So why the grimace?"
"I feel like I went too far."
"With Buttercup?"
"No, not Reese. I'm so wanting that guy." She holds a palm to her chest affectionately. "Piper? I masturbated in front of my other classes without them knowing. At least I don't think they knew. It wasn't easy not moaning."
"Flash any more Seniors?"
"Those 18 yes. Quietly which only added to my need to touch myself. I know those boys won't rat me out. What have you done to me?"
"Bride of Frankiestein." Piper giggles with a Frankenstein walk toward her. Josie busted up. "I'm not making you do anything, outside of not wearing underwear."
"No fair that you're wearing some."
"Am I?" She lifts her skirt to share in her abandonment. "Roger Dundee has them." She flips her tongue out at her.
"Really? God he's dreamy. I thought about trading Roman in for him."
"Why? There's more than one Hostess HoHo in the pack. I don't mind sharing. I think I have a date with Roger on his houseboat Saturday. Mind babysitting Mace?"
"He doesn't need any babysitter." Josie shivers having seen his monster cock last night, "You told me to stay away from him so I'm going to." She knew she might grow weak in the knees if she truly did spend time with the boy. It was safer that way.
"I know. Maybe the girls can keep him company. With my working now he's going to be spending a lot of time by himself. Rotten doesn't count. Did I tell you he asked to stay with me awhile? He likes it here. I can't wait for my sister Mona to call and ask me to kick him out. With my niece Monet in North Carolina, Mace is all she had."
"I can ask the girls to go watch a movie with him Saturday. I doubt they have any plans. This close to their birthdays Henry and I need to sit down and decide how best to celebrate with them. With their graduation in six months we're saving our money for something nice once we figure out what."
"I can help you plan a party? I do have a pool."
"That's a start." Josie winces, "No male strippers."
"I wouldn't do that. Now for you and I? DEFINITELY!"
Behind them at the door looking in knocked cute Art Teacher Mimi Alexander on her way to lunch. Seeing them she chose to interrupt. Waving her in Mimi joined them smiling. Josie dropped her jaw, "MIMI! You're wearing a dress." Unlike Piper, Josie had not seen the dress before now.
"I am, it's strange." Mimi blushed.
"You study the boys like I told you too?"
"Yes. I was beet red all morning."
"Did they drool?"
"A few...maybe six." She giggled, "I feel ashamed for tempting them."
"DON'T YOU DARE!" Both Piper and Josie blurted as if twin sisters themselves on the same wavelength. Mimi flared her eyes then brightened up.
"Okay, I'll try not to. Are we having lunch together?"
"Triple threat Cutiepie." Piper paused, "Mimi? Would you like to join Josie and I for wine some night this week or next? I have a swimming pool we can lounge around by."
"That sounds fun. Thank you for including me."
"Three Amigas!" Piper playfully batted her eyes, "Does the cafeteria serve tacos?"
"I have your taco." Josie whispered moving to stand beside Piper. "Plenty of salsa too."
"Male stripper go well with our wine?" Piper whispers to Josie then looks slyly at Mimi without her overhearing.
Josie bulged her eyes, "Footsies?"
"Footsies." She would call around even if she had to fly a foot long in.
"FRANKFURTHERS does sell footlongs at their food truck out front." Mimi added hearing that much at least.
"Hot diggity doggy style. Lead the way Mimi Lou." Piper and Josie followed the girl out. Josie sidestepping back to grab her purse. Hot dogs did sound good, especially to Josie. "The food vendors really called Frankfurthers?"
"Thiiiiiiiiiiis long." Josie grinned.
Piper fanned her face, then used her tongue against her cheek while looking as if sucking a big dick. Josie thought of Reese. Piper thought of Roger. Mimi thought of pickle relish.
*********
"I can't believe even Principal Manley didn't tell you to button up your blouse." Andrea Beckett sat with Dakota McKellen outside in the grass. A free zone away from the school devoted to fresh air and relaxation. A large number of students preferred eating their lunches outdoors when weather permitted. A bright sunny day like today was pure bliss. So was Dakota...pure bliss that is.
Looking around her as she sat with Andrea and another close ally Sandy Martin she noticed an awful lot of eyes on her which made her secretively giddy. She wanted to be checked out. After years of hearing her classmates juvenile verses of, "Your mom is so hot." She wanted a moment in the sun for herself. While last Friday wearing camisole's alongside her sister Sable she had turned a few heads. Quite a number of heads even. In some cases two heads on one body. Hopefully Angus Furlong's she thought. Even Mace Belmont admired her opened cleavage with interest earlier before leaving for school. Then there was her Father Henry, was it possible that even he was drooling over her? She wanted to believe that.
"Are you even listening to me Dakota?" Andrea fanned a palm in front of her friend's eyes noting her lost to the world gaze.
"She's long gone." Sandy joined Andi in snapping her own fingers, finally Sandy threw a grape that she was eating at Dakota and it fell down her opened shirt. Even that didn't faze the girl. "That was my last grape too."
"I got it." Andrea moved to her knees in the grass, daring to reach into Dakota's shirt with her hand and search for the juicy oval morsel. Feeling a wrist brush her breast Dakota snapped out of her funk to lower her chin to observe Andi's exploration.
"What are you doing?"
"Graping you...get it? Groping you?" Andi laughed then found the grape to show her, "Fess up! What's really going on with you Miss might as well be topless? Not that I'm complaining, you know I like me some..."
"SHUT UP!" Dakota chuckled, "You're so..."
"Gay? I like both sides of the groin...coin. Heads and tails." Andi was on a roll, Sandy laughing her ass off. "Stop going off into lala land and tell us Bitch."
"I'm just..." She notices her Mother walking with Piper and Mimi Alexander out of the school and crossing the yard via sidewalk. Piper not wearing shoes was dancing about under scalding hot concrete, finally using Josie and Mimi as crutches who could barely support her extra weight, especially tiny Mimi. It was hilarious to some, sexy to others. "That's why." Dakota points out her Mom. "Look at them. They're beautiful and getting away with murder. I can see Piper's butt."
"Mmmm! Me too." Andi bites her lower lip.
"Why is Mimi hanging with them?" Sandy questioned, "Helping her find her cats?"
"I'm pretty sure she's their pet project." Dakota frowned with a cute pawing motion for laughs, "Another few weeks I bet Mimi wears short dresses and no panties too."
"They're not wearing panties?" Sandy winced seeing Piper's cheeks and presumed it to be a certain that she wasn't.
"Niiiiiice! Yep I can see your Mom's butt too." Andi whistled a non existent whistle, merely air flow through puckered lips. She had never mastered whistling.
"Hey! That's my Mom you're blowing at." Dakota swats Andrea. "Don't you guys get it? We're young adults, this is our school, they just teach here. It should be us getting the boys worked up."
"Girls too." Andi giggled, "I'm good that they get them warmed up and we reap the benefits."
"My Mom is 34. Come on she's too old for the boys here."
"I thought she was tapping Coach Crandell."
"What? Nooo! Shit! Is she really?" In her heart she knew but Dakota didn't want to admit it.
"You can't tell me you haven't heard rumors." Andi blasted back.
"I have, but I just never...okay I believed it but tried not to."
"Does your Dad know?" Sandy ventured there.
"They fight a lot so probably. Yes..." Dakota caved knowing she and her Father had at minimally talked about her Mother's antics. She loved her parents and just attempted to hide her thoughts on it being reality. So did her sister Sable. Brooding further she merely clammed up and watched the entire school yard of dining students pant over the Faculty. Was it weird that Dakota thought of the word Cult as part of faCULTy? It was as if Piper was recruiting.
********
"FUCK ME!" Piper belted out hopping in step on the concrete, "Even my ovaries are frying on this sidewalk." Students laughed their asses off at her fun-loving verses. Josie enjoying her friends overly expressive humor, Mimi beet red but hanging in there.
"Where are your shoes?" Mimi hadn't realized until they had made their way outdoors.
"Carl's probably sucking the toes by now."
"Ewww!" Mimi winced, "Why didn't you stop and get them?"
"Proving to Carl I won't interrupt him. If I give him space, he'll do the same. Psychology 101."
"Step in the grass it's cooler." Josie suggested.
"Why? I like hopping about like I'm playing hopscotch. My boobies dance."
"You want the students to see...? Oh my!" Mimi bulged her eyes.
"So should you Squirt." Piper stuck her tongue out at the Art Teacher.
"My boobs are tiny."
"REALLY?" Josie paused, "Same size Biotch. 34B's right? Guys love my girls and I can make them dance too." She began hopping as well, giggling as boys bit their knuckles in awe. Taking her own heels off and carrying them it became an asphalt ballet.
"I love you." Piper hugged Josie for her efforts. "Your turn Artful Dodger."
Mimi blushes then decides that she wanted to be a part of her new friend and lifts one leg after another to claim her own shoes. Once off Mimi realized just how hot the ground was.
"Doesn't the school fountain look inviting?" Piper looked over to see students sitting on the large circular rim of a good sized fountain with the statue of Mister Dexter of Horton-Dexter in the center.
"Don't you even." Josie laughed, "My belly is growling I need a foot long."
"Don't we all." Piper laughed.
"I can never eat more than half when I get one." Mimi fidgeted in her step looking at the ground and trying to keep up.
"Sweetie? Hang with the big dogs and you're gonna get an appetite." Piper laughed stepping back to assist Mimi in keeping up. The bond was growing. Even shaking Mimi refused to grimace. Not that she was exactly sure what Piper meant.
"Line's dimming down at Frank's truck." Josie pointed to two different food franchise trucks. One being the infamous Frank Logarth of the Tennessee Titan's retired now doing what he loved doing, cooking for the masses. The other truck an Asian food truck called, Phillipino's. The majority of the business at Frank's mainly because he was cheaper.
"Phillipino's? Wow!"
"Phillip Ngoho's a sweetheart. He's old but he makes a mean Adobo. Frank and LeAnne are...well...Grandfather and Granddaughter. He's old too. Frank used to be a running back for the Titan's until he just busted up every bone in his body except for the one that counts." Josie relates as they approach Frank's line. A few of the school's football team as well as their basketball team were in line.
"There's Buttercup." Piper leans on Josie who had already noticed.
"God! I can feel my wetness trickling down my leg." She whispered to Piper fearing Mimi being too straight at the moment to cope with their aggressive hormones.
"Get up there Squishy." Piper nudges Josie toward Reese from behind, he being in the tail of the line. Brushing up against Reese he turned to see Josie and smirked.
"Hey Mrs. M!"
"Reese!" She beguiled him with sparkling eyes, "Treat me to something thick and yummy?"
"That's tomorrow." He smirked with ego and turned away. Josie felt jilted until she thought about it. Tapping his shoulder he turned again.
"Sure you wanna wait?"
"Nope! But, you're going to." He was evil. Overhearing her mumble, "Fuck!" He just said, "That's the plan." She wanted to rub her clit so bad it was obvious. Boys all around them saw how agonizing her behavior was. She let it go and pivoted into Piper to mouth the words, "OH MY GOD!" Piper giggled and Mimi just explored the possibilities as to what was going on. She was still unsure but had suspicions.
Football players Antoine Boss and Corey Samson paying for then collecting their food stepped from the line walking directly toward Piper before stopping cold. Both boy's were already holding their footlong hot dogs and seemed to be ever so slowly lifting them as if erections brewing. Piper flared her eyes at them and said, "Are those for me?" Willingly they offered to let her have them until she merely pinched the tips of the dogs between her index fingers and thumbs, winking, "They're soooo BIG!"
Both giants of young men puckered at one another and egotistically unified with a bragging version of, "DAMN STRAIGHT!"
"I don't think I could even take all of that." They grin at her playfulness until interrupted from behind. "Another day Plumper's." The boys chuckled and left, both looking back at Piper's ass seeing lower cheekage, a faint breeze hiking her skirt slightly to reveal more. They nearly tripped walking backwards, both were definitely going to brag to the rest of their team.
"WHAT CAN I GET YOU LADIES?" The proprietor Frank chuckled at Piper's mental seduction, the girls moving up closer to the side of Reese Teller. Josie and Mimi stepping in to order for Piper as well. Looking over at Reese Josie's mouth watered at the huge dog in his hands.
"I think I want what he has." Reese smiled but stepped away leaving her to express a fidget. She wasn't used to being teased back without a quick outcome. Tomorrow would certainly prove interesting.
"Hi LeAnne." Mimi waved at the girl around her age of 25, a cute petite young blond with a button nose and big blue eyes. Chesty even for such a petite young woman.
"Hey Mimi. You're wearing a dress." LeAnne looked shocked then leans over the counter to check out her legs. "Need's to be shorter." Frank building dogs for the ladies frowned at his granddaughter, having already confessed his dissatisfaction for her very short, extremely tight denim shorts. He understood it was hot out but her shorts were distracting.
"That's what I've been telling Squeaky." Piper eases in winking at LeAnne. "See? Even she has your best interest in mind."
"We went to school together." LeAnne points out, "I've been telling her for years to grow up."
"Take your beautiful friend's advice Buttons."
"That's the name of one of my cats." Mimi snickered.
"Of course it is. Try something without buttons for once." Piper looks into the food truck to spot Tennessee Titans t-shirts pinned up. "LeAnne? Can I get 3 of those t-shirts?"
"Sports fan?" Frank opens up as Josie pays for her lunch.
"Atlanta Falcon's." She offers info.
"You look familiar." He winces.
"I get it a lot. I mean I get that a lot. Both actually. You must be Big Frank. Linebacker I hear."
"Used to be. Line cooker now." He laughs.
"Love the name of your business here. FrankFurther's. That's original."
"LeAnne's idea. As in Frank's further adventures."
"So adorable. LeAnne too." The girl blushes at Piper's compliment having grabbed 3 shirts from a box.
"I have all sizes." She admits sharing options.
"Extra large for all 3 of us." She points to Josie, Mimi, then herself.
"Ummm? Why are we getting t-shirts?" Josie winced.
"You'll see. Let's wolf it down girls." After Frank invents two more footlongs Piper pays for her and Mimi's, including all three t-shirts. Josie had just gotten in a hurry. "Change for two hundred? Wait! You know what? Keep it."
"You don't have to tip that big Miss..."
"Cherry. Call me Piper."
"That's why you look familiar. Falcon's..."
"FRANKLY...ANNE! Let's keep that between us. I think you understand what I'm saying." She grits her teeth, "Starting from scratch here."
"Gotcha!" Frank nods, "Tough break."
"Tougher than you know. Tootles Ballpark Frank. Bye LeAnne." She waves then carries her shirts under her arm in order to eat. She was making a mess trying not to get food on her dress, going so far as to lean forward to be certain and condiments missed her cleavage. Her stance alone offered up wolf calls, her ass hanging out more than it had been. Even her boobs were dangling and crushed together due to keeping the shirts clenched under her armpits.
"Let's sit on the fountain. The mist makes it cooler." Josie posed the idea.
"Great behinds think alike. Come on Mimi." They carry their burdens out through the grass and nudge in amongst a number of jocks sitting there chatting. Drooling began at Piper not even bothering to sit on her skirt leaving it to fan about. Josie hadn't realized it or she might have done the same. Mimi? So proper. Shoes in the grass, shirts resting next to them they devoured their lunch. Guys loved watching their every bite, mouths swelling around their thick juicy meat. Strangely even observing Mimi found arousal at their interest.
"Look at the new Counsellor." A jock named Danny Wendt pointed from the back side of the fountain through the gentle cascade of sprinkling water. His buddy Maynard Smooth mumbled a blistering current of, "Whoaaaa!" The breeze picking up on her skirt left nothing hidden, her crack visible with zero coverage about halfway up her cheeks in her seated position. Piper felt the freedom but did nothing to prevent it. Outside of showing off her hot dog sucking skills to some of their fellow athletes.
"So why did you buy those shirts?" Josie chewed and spoke at the same time, dabbing a napkin on her mouth.
"Ever notice Tennessee has the word See in it?"
"Where is this going?"
"TITS in TITanS? As in SEE TITS?"
"Oh crap! What are you planning?" Josie lowered her remaining lunch to her lap, her legs fanning wide a bit allowing boys to see that even she had no panties on. Whispering was a disease suddenly. From a distance Josie's daughter Dakota realized it too. Andi pointing it out for the girl. Dakota rolling her eyes got up and went back inside she just couldn't handle seeing her Mom make a fool of herself. At her age...she thought. Dakota was going to miss out on what would have sent her over the top.
"Mimi dear?" Piper leaned forward to look toward her new friend, her skirt riding higher thanks to the breeze. Guys were to the point of taking cell pictures and holding their groins beneath their jeans. There was going to be a whole lot of screensavers with Piper's moon on them after today.
"Yes?" Mimi looked left.
"I'm going to do something that might embarrass you Sweetie. Just a heads up." There were a whole lot of heads up right now as it were. Bending forward to snatch up a white 2X t-shirt sponsoring Nashville's pride and joy the jocks behind her caught a clam and a sweet lil pucker as her skirt drifted in the breeze. Standing the skirt went back down as Piper stepped up on the brim of the fountain then down into the cool water. Her feet were thankful. So were the beasty boys all about them.
Putting the shirt on over her dress she slithered it down past her hips, keeping her arms within her cocoon. Reaching up to drag her dress straps from her shoulder she slipped her dress off like an escape artist in a straight jacket, doing her best not to get it wet when ready to remove it from her feet. Off she held it up as one arm made its way through the t-shirts short sleeve. That being helpful she reached under her carefully to grab her dress then set about installing her other arm into its sleeve.
Jaws were dropping like they weighed a ton. Pictures being taken from all angles. Even Josie sat her meal down and took a pic. It was just priceless. Mimi got the giggles even though she felt awkward about it all. Whistles from all directions mounted. Free of her dress Piper handed it to Mimi. Looking to Josie, Piper Cherry said, "SUIT UP AND GET IN HERE!"
"Piiiiiiiiiiippppppppeeeeeeerrrrr!" She whined at her expectance. Seeing the fountains spray dampening Piper's shirt it was clearly becoming transparent. That made Josie grit her teeth until she saw Reese take a bold move and kneel to pick up another t-shirt. Stepping to Josie he said, "You're already wet as hell." She shook at his revelation dare.
"Josie?" Mimi winced fretfully at the possibility that Josie McKellen might join Piper.
"Dammit!" Josie huffed then snatched the t-shirt putting it on over her head as Piper had done. Wiggling out of her own dress she found herself performance ready. Handing her dress to Mimi the girl just pouted, fearing they had lost their minds. Possibly their jobs. "I can't believe I'm doing this. Unemployment line here I come." With assistance from Reese and another jock Josie climbed over into the fountain and danced with Piper. In seconds their long white shirts were revealing way too much flesh tone. Nipples easily expressing themselves to far too many eyes. A wall of adults obscured the vision of those unworthy.
"GUYS PLEASE GET OUT!" Mimi found her voice almost crying. She loved her friends but this was going too far.
"Come on in Mimi the water's fine and so are you." Piper called out splashing her with her foot. All around her Senior class jocks were chanting, "MIMI MIMI MIMI!" Her heart was pounding at the thoughts they might truly want to see her in the drink. She froze with eyes that couldn't even find the energy to blink.
"Your adoring fans." Josie pointed out with both fingers and dramatically edgy nipple hard on.
"Come on Mimi. I'll join you." Out of nowhere raced LeAnne Logarth from the food truck now wearing a Titan's t-shirt except in powder blue obviously nothing else beneath, her own nipples already spiking. Reaching Mimi she took the dresses away and handed them to a girl watching with interest, a certain cheerleader named Robin Banks, her bestie Tina clapping giddily at the bravado of their teachers.
Mimi resisted a tug of war with LeAnne but yielded to pulling the shirt on over her regular attire. Terrified to take her dress off under it Mimi just stepped into the water wearing the shirt. LeAnne following her in less afraid of being seen as the water brought her blue t-shirt into molding her as if a second skin.
"YOU GUYS ARE INSANE." LeAnne praised Piper and Josie hopping about in the water.
"SHIT!" Josie reacted, "LUNCH IS ALMOST OVER. WHAT ARE WE DOING?"
Piper grabbed Josie from behind and drug her under the fountain's spray squealing, totally drenching her full frontal until her entire body could be visible. Piper's shirt equally as thin showed off her every asset. Cell photos and video were abused a bit too openly. Frolicking about becoming a giggle fest for all involved had to have consequences right? So why were none of the students complaining? Seeing her friends essentially nude Mimi Alexander called it.
"ENOUGH!! This is wrong." Swatting even LeAnne away she climbed out and ran off crying. Even with students applauding they tried their best to let Mimi know they would not destroy their Teacher's jobs. Seeing Mimi's reaction even Josie found sympathy.
"She's right Piper. We're wrong. I can't lose my career." Pulling away Josie stepped out amidst a serious amount of testosterone checking out her perfect contours. Hunger in their eyes were met with amazement. She knew if she ripped her shirt off and lay in the grass half of these young men would fuck her silly. Finding Reese rubbing his chin smugly she caved, "Fuck it! Get in here." She called a band of adult young men around her waiting until she was fully surrounded before taking her wet t-shirt off. Standing there chilling she wrung it out and playfully acted as if she were going to snap it at them to fend them off. Laughter praised her with a very verbal loyalty. Intervening Robin brought her, her dress and shared a, "I wanna grow up to be just like you." Truth was Robin Banks already had a reputation. Not as a career criminal as her namesake promoted, but one hell of a slut.
Getting dressed while concealed well Josie watched Piper usher herself into the circle smirk and just stood there wet from head to toe. "Hi Robin." She smiled.
"Hey Miss Cherry. You guys are freaking awesome." Every person around them concurred. "We have your backs. As long as nobody blabs we won't. Right people?" She called around. A rash of, "NO WAY'S!" committed to placing the Faculty members under their sworn protection.
"See how easy we are?" Piper brushed against Josie getting her dress wet. "I mean, see how easy that was?" The entourage laughed with her.
"We are not making a habit of this Piper." Josie broke rank to put her shoes on. "I have a class in...", Bell ringing as if on cue she sighed, "Now!" Turning away Josie took her shoes right back off to enable her to run through the grass. She couldn't stop smiling regardless.
Piper claimed her own dress as LeAnne entered the ring to chuckle, "Damn! I haven't had this much fun since college. I think my Gramps is pissed at me though."
"Frankly Anne...I don't give a damn. Neither should you." She laughed with her.
"You're crazy Piper. I love it. I'm just sorry Mimi just can't break out of her shell."
"Give her time. She's just getting started."
"Fuck your tits are amazing."
"Awww!" Piper lifts her soggy coated breasts and winks at the stunning petite blond. "Yours aren't so shabby either." They compared notes squeezing each others titties in front of a few lingering boys and gals. Shivering off their bit of chemistry Piper got dressed using what remained of their circle to hide behind. Once in her dress she made a sweep of her fans by saying, "Shush! Shush! Shush! Shush! Shush!" , then wiggling back toward the school. The Pied Piper had them walking in single file behind her sweet ass.
Robin running ahead to walk with Piper caught up, "See you at Cheerleading practice after school?"
"Is that today?" She slumped her shoulders, "Nobody told me it started today. Not even Coach Ruth."
"We can begin tomorrow. I'll spread the word."
"As long as that word doesn't include what Josie and I just did."
"You have to trust us Piper. You're the best thing to happen to this school in forever. None of us would want you fired." Robin actually stopped Piper in her tracks and forced a hug upon her. Stepping up just as quickly her best friend Tina did too. Then a few boys. She felt really worshipped in their huddle.
"Then let's get this party started."
Piper found their dedication remarkable. Time would tell if it was for naught.
********
Reaching her classroom which was already full and waiting on her, Josie McKellen found them quiet and well mannered. Respectfully they grouped up to say, "Hello Mrs. McKellen."
"Good afternoon. Have a good lunch?" Silent clapping offered her a clue that they knew more than words were saying, yet not one of them said a thing. Settling in her seat she felt her hair still wet and giggled. In her thoughts she said, "Not as wet as other places but I'll live." She taught her class without letting fear ruin it. Horny as hell at some glances of lust she just smiled.
"Oh Roman...I hope you have the strength to destroy my holes after school. I'm soooooo needy." Touching herself on occasion from hiding Josie knew she was already over any worries. Of course, it hadn't occurred to her all the cell pics and video that was taken. That could still bite her in the ass. Enjoyable nibbles at best.
********
Piper Cherry found herself in the ladies room drying herself off under a hand dryer. "Did I take things too far? God I'm feeling numb suddenly. I bet Mimi hates me." After stewing for ten minutes she felt normal again and headed upstairs with a sense of dread. Peering into Josie's door to see her teaching as if nothing had happened she paused there watching her bestie's tutoring talent. Peripherally noticing Piper, Josie looks to her right from her desk and smiles. Turning in her seat Piper saw Josie's fingers rubbing her clit. A sheepish grin Piper lifted her skirt and rubbed her own just to let her know how much she loved her friend. Dropping her skirt Piper pouted and pointed down the hall toward Mimi's classroom then departed. Josie crossed her fingers...the same fingers still rubbing her clit though.
Cautiously Piper ducks her head around the doorway into Mimi's art class and finds Mimi sitting at her own desk. "Whoa! That's my girl." Piper mumbled. Noticing Piper in her doorway Mimi, like Josie had done minutes earlier turned in her seat and shared a remarkable sight. She was wearing her Tennessee Titan's shirt which was barely damp having not spent much time in the shower. What really caught her off guard was the fact Mimi was wearing only the shirt. Easing a desk drawer open next to her Mimi revealed her dress had been stashed inside. Jaw lowered from awe Piper winced and pointed at her mouthing, "You bad girl you." Mimi blushed and tilted her hand side to side as if saying, "Ehhhh!" Looking first at her class drawing at their desks she turned in her seat to show Piper her inner thighs. Underwear still on Mimi mouthed, "Half way there."
"What changed your mind?" Piper continued her silent conversation.
A direct point at Piper she replied with, "You."
A heart symbol between her hands Piper mouthed, "I love you."
Mimi just patted her chest and turned away.
"Okay, maybe not so numb anymore."
Piper went on about her business.
Business was good.