A Hansen Family Chronicles Story
Heather and Jeff go to a strip club. Heather signs up for an amateur contest.
Heather and Jeff had been occupied with work demands and family matters. Both felt like they needed to reconnect.
"How about a date night?" suggested Heather.
"You know that sounds like a lot of fun. We can get dressed up, have dinner and see what kind of trouble we can get into." enthused Jeff.
Heather smiled to herself as she knew that Jeff wanted her to dress in her flash clothes. Deciding on an all-black combo, Heather was ready to go.
On the way to the restaurant, Heather snuggled up to Jeff and asked, "what are we going to do after we eat?"
"Oh, I have something in mind. You'll see?"
Arriving at the eatery, Jeff was the gentleman and opened to door for Heather. He was not disappointed as she exited to the car, allowing her skirt the rise up to the black lace top part of the stockings that she had worn.
Jeff felt his penis lurch at the sight of her long-stemmed legs.
"Still turns me on after all these years," he thought.
After ordering dinner, Jeff said, "Honey, it looks like our waiter likes you. Why don't you pop a button or two and give him something to see."
Heather hesitated for a second and then reached her fingers up and popped two buttons on her blouse. The top part of her breasts surged into view, supported by a Wonderbra.
Returning to the table, the waiter just about spilled their drinks as he gazed on Heather's partially exposed tits.
Jeff whispered to Heather, "I was right. He does like you!"
Heather giggled at Jeff's comment. Flashing a strange man like this was a real turn on for her.
Heather and Jeff ate dinner in silence. They had outstanding service as the busboys were constantly refilling their water, and the waiter was checking with them frequently.
Finishing their dinner, Heather decided to show a bit more and loosened the third button on her blouse. Now most of her breasts could be seen along with connecting strap of her bra.
The waiter returned with their receipt, enjoying the sight of Heather's exposure. All of a sudden, Heather got a panicked look on her face.
"Where is my cell phone?" she cried out. Without thinking, she bent over to see if it had fallen on the seat. Her blouse gaped open, and the waiter could see all of her tits nestled her thin bra. He felt his dick grow at the sight.
Heather looked up catching him staring at her and said,
"Oh, here it is in my purse all this time."
At that moment, the waiter knew that Heather had done all of this on purpose. He just wished that more women were like her.
Returning to their car, Jeff let Heather in. Her skirt slipped up again, this time above her stocking tops. Jeff was happy that she was wearing a garter belt to hold her hosiery up. Just perfect for where they were going.
"Now what?" inquired Heather.
"Ever been to a gentlemen's club?" asked Jeff.
"You mean a strip club."
"Yeah, that's right, but the one I want to take you to is high class. You like to flash strange guys, and this a place that you can do it."
As they pulled up to valet parking, Heather saw signage stating that this was an amateur night. A bolt of excitement flash through Heather.
"He wouldn't, would he? "Yes, he would," as she thought what her husband would want her to do.
After they had settled in and ordered drinks, Heather looked around. The stage was in a horseshoe configuration. There were two or three stripper poles placed for maximum exposure.
The stripper on stage was just finishing up. She had a sheen of sweat layering her petite body.
Shaved clean, her pussy gleamed under the lights of the club.
After leaving the stage, the MC strolled up and made an announcement.
"Any ladies here for the amateur night should sign up with the bouncer. Remember, the first prize is $1000."
Jeff leaned over to Heather and asked, "Do you want a go at the money? You certainly the sexist woman here."
"I don't know. What if some we know is here."
"Not very likely," replied Jeff. We are 50 miles from home, so we should be safe.
Jeff was wrong!
Unknown to them, Jim Allen had decided to check out this club that he had heard about. He sat on the far side of the bar, and Jeff and Heather did not see him.
When they walked in, Jim had spotted them. "Holy shit," he thought. It was Heather Hansen and boy oh boy was she ever dolled up. He felt his big cock stirring. He hoped she might be in the stripping contest.
Jeff was still trying to persuade Heather to enter the contest. "Come on, honey, you know that you love exposing yourself to other men. Look what you did with our waiter tonight."
Heather knew that Jeff was right. Showing her bra covered tits to that kid had excited her. She looked at Jeff and said, "Ok, I will do it. If you want me to get naked in front of a bunch of strangers and not be bothered, that works for me."
Heather walked over to the table where the bouncer was signing up entries.
Jim was beside himself with joy. The hottest MILF he knew was going to strip down and show her breasts and pussy to everyone there. He looked at his phone and wondered if the lighting was good enough to tape her taking her clothes off.
"They said that it be about an hour. Order me a couple of drinks. I am going to need that liquid courage to do this," said Heather.
The contest started. First up was a plump girl with a sweatshirt and jeans on. She did an uninspiring dance and finished even without taking her panties off.
The second girl was of college-age. She had a tight top and a miniskirt on. She removed them by the end of the first song and danced nude for the rest of her session.
Then, it was time for Heather.
The first song started, and Heather danced around, shaking her boobs and pulling up her skirt a bit. Her skirt was short enough that the lacy part of her thighs came into view.
Now, she was into it. As the music thundered, she slowly undid the buttons on her blouse.
Flinging it aside, she danced for a bit with the bra hiding nothing. Her nipples were as hard as diamonds pushing the bra out a bit.
Dancing close to the front of the stage, she got close to a handsome man and asked, "do you want to take my skirt off?"
The guy shook his head yes and started to fuddle with the front part. "The clasp is in the back," said Heather. "Just put your hands around my waist."
He did as ordered. As his hands snaked around Heather's waist, her bare stomach pushed against his face. He didn't waste any time. Out came his tongue and he buried it in her belly button.
His finger found the clasp of the skirt. He loosened it, unzipped it, and tugged down. Heather's skirt floated to the floor. She stepped out of it and backed away.
She wasn't quick enough as the man's hands dropped down and cupped her bare ass for a moment.
Heather smiled at him, shook her figure, and returned to the center of the stage. For a moment, she danced in her underthings. The guys in the audience were transfixed. The black bra, G-string and stockings all contrasted against lily-white skin. There were many hard cocks by now.
The song ended.
There was about a 3 minute rest period between songs. Heather's eyes found Jeff. He had a big smile on his face and he gave her a thumbs up.
As the music started up again, Heather danced around a bit, and she began to hear voices shouting to 'take it off!'
Heather saw an older man sitting back from the crowd in front. She motioned for him to come up onto the stage. As he approached, she said, "you are the lucky one. Would you take off my bra?"
The stranger moved forward. Heather said, "come up behind me. Put your arms around me and unhook. It has a front clasp." He did as ordered. He reached around and cupped her breasts through the bra. "They will feel better once my bra is off," she whispered.
As he was working on her bra, his strong erection compressed against Heather's butt. She wiggled her hips to let him know that she felt him. The bra loosened, dropped, and Heather's tits were bare. The man from the audience cupped them and pinched her nipples lightly.
Topless, Heather heard the song end. She walked her new friend off the stage. She thanked him for his help and said she hoped to see him again sometime soon.
The third song started, and Heather was up and dancing. She looked through the audience and saw a group of college guys. She waved at the DJ to pause the music and motioned for the youngest kid to come up on stage and to bring his chair.
Ben did as ordered. He had just turned eighteen and was out with his friends for a good time.
Placing the chair in the middle of the stage, Ben sat down and wondered what this hot woman was going to do next. Heather danced around him for a moment.
She stopped, and she walked in front of him and said: "take off my thong."
Ben did as ordered. He reached out and tugged it off. Heather's shaved pussy was staring him in the face. Ben didn't hesitate. He pulled Heather into to him, and his lips and tongue found her soaked cunt. For a moment, Heather reveled in sexual arousal.
Then she saw the bouncer frowning and start towards the stage. Heather pushed Ben away, telling him they might get kicked out, and he needed to go back to his table. Ben did as ordered and thought this was the greatest night of his life.
Heather danced around a bit more. For her finale, she laid on her back, opened her legs, and mimicked like she was being fucked.
The crowd went wild. All kinds of cash was tossed on the stage. Heather gathered her clothes, put everything back on except her bra. She walked through the crowd. Hands reached out to touch her. She heard a lot of propositions. She ignored everything. Reaching their table, Heather was about to tell Jeff to take her out to the car and fuck when she saw a familiar face sitting with her husband.
It was Jim Allen.
Jim smiled at Heather and said, "Mrs. Hansen, that was a hell of a performance you did. Every guy in here had a stiff cock, including me."
Heather looked at Jeff but could not read him.
"What do you want, Jim?" asked Jeff.
Jim replied, "I think a lap dance would be nice."
Jeff interjected, "Heather doesn't work here, so a lap dance is not possible."
"How about the big back seat of your caddy."
Jeff was stunned. He had to get control, although there was part of him that would like to see precisely that.
"You know Jim, if you talk about this, no one will believe you."
"Yeah, you are right, except I got some really good footage on my phone."
Jeff was stunned. What could they do?
"Jim, let me talk to Heather alone if you don't mind."
Jeff asked Heather, "what should we do."
Heather had listened to the exchange between Jim and Jeff.
"Honey, I think that there is part of you that wants this.
Heather replied, "I am willing except he can't fuck me if that works for you."
Heather had heard rumors about Jim's endowment and was a chance to find if there were true. They singled him back over, told him that they would do it with exceptions. Those were explained, and he was okay with it.
As they left the club, Jim wondered if Heather was a good cocksucker. He intended to find out.
Arriving at Jeff's and Heather's car, Jim and Heather got into the back seat while Jeff sat upfront.
As she got into the car, Heather's skirt slid up over her stocking tops. Jim put his arm around her and they kissed their tongues wrestling with each other. Heather had never really calmed down from her performance at the club, and she welcomed Jim's advances. His free hand drifted down and encountered her legs. Seeking the bare skin of her thighs above her stocking tops, Jim wiggled his fingers between her legs.
Heather let her legs open, and Jim started to caress her wet opening. His biggest finger penetrated her while a smaller one was massaging her clit. Heather had an orgasm. Resting for a moment, she thought that this happened so fast.
She was worried about Jeff. She needed not to worry as he was watching everything with fascination.
Jim, anxious to move things along, took Heather's hand and put it on his hard erection through his pants.
Heather started to undo Jim's pants. Unzipping him, she took his long phallus out.
"Wow, is he ever big," she thought.
Kissing Jim again, Heather reached down and took his cock between her fingers. Lightly caressing it, it seemed like a grew a bit bigger.
Jim was in heaven. Here was Mrs. sexy Hansen playing with his dick.
He asked Heather to take off her top and skirt.
He wanted to see all of her close up. She complied. He was entranced as her 36d's were bared to his eyes. Taking his fingers from her pussy, he ran them all over her body. Cupping one of her tits, he leaned down and sucked a hard nipple into his mouth.
Jim felt Heather playing with his hard cock.
Feeling an impending release, he pulled her had away.
"Suck my cock,"
Heather complied, loving the way he told her what to do. Leaning her head down, she licked off the pre-cum off the helmet of Jim's erection. She took advantage and licked his shift up and down.
Jim shuttered again. He knew he was about ready to come.
" Suck in my cock and take it down your throat," was Jim's next request.
"I'm not sure if I can take it all in. Yours is the biggest that I have ever seen," said Heather. Her mouth opened and drew his mighty phallus in, her tongue licking it all over.
The end of his prick reached the entrance to Heather's throat. Sliding down her gullet, Jim could feel the tightness of her throat against him. He suppressed to urge to ejaculate wanting to stretch this moment out.
Lifting her head, Heather started a bobbing motion, taking a bit more of his cock deeper into her tight, oral grasp. Heather reached a point where she just couldn't take any more.
Reaching down, Heather was shocked to feel that there was 3"-4" of prick that she hadn't taken in. She started a technique that she had learned many years ago. With his prick buried deep in her throat, Heather made a swallowing motion that rippled along Jim's erection. That is all it took. Pulling his dick out of her throat, Jim let his hot semen bathe Heather's mouth. She loved the taste and swallowed every bit of it.
Falling back from each other, he looked at Heather and asked, "Sure you don't want me to fuck you? I will fill you up as nobody has before."
Heather was conflicted. There was nothing better she would like than to try to take a cock of the length and thickness inside of her, but she had promised Jeff that there would be no fucking.
Whispering into his ear, Heather said, not tonight.
Before leaving the car, Jim looked at the naked, married Heather and her husband, "thank you for a great evening. I will delete the footage on my phone." Pulling out the phone, he brought up the footage of Heather's strip show and deleted it.
Jim smiled to himself as he drove home. What the married couple didn't know was that he had already transmitted the footage to his home computer.
Back in the caddy, Heather crooked her finger at Jeff and said, "get back here and fuck me. You don't know how close I came to letting him have me!"
Jeff complied with eagerness. As he was fucking Heather, he remembered her telling him of strange men she had sucked off over the years, but this was the first time that he had seen it. He was wondering if the time had come to let his wife open her legs to new cocks.