Jonathan and I are naked. Our mom's piss is dripping off our bare flesh. We are holding playing with each other's penises and balls while lying next to each other in a cooling pool of piss, enjoying the warm evening after our parents have all gone to bed.
"Wow...what a night."
"I'll second that," I say. "I never would have known my mom was such a slut! She loves eating your mom out. It's like she can't get enough of those juices."
"Yeah. I can only imagine what it would be like to see our dads fuck each other's ass." Jonathan sighs. "That would be so hot to see."
"Tomorrow is going to be a long day," I sigh.
"Shit...five o' clock in the friggin' morning to get up to get pissed on. Hell."
"On the one hand I am pissed at your dad, excuse the pun. But on the other hand, I am secretly looking forward to it," I say gently squishing Jonathan's balls.
"I know what you mean. The smell in the morning when I take a leak is strong..."
"Yeah. Imagine what that'll be like on us."
"We have two nasty naked set of parents," Jonathan laughs.
"Yep! Who would have guessed?"
"Would you close your eyes?" Jonathan says in a wicked whisper as she squeezes my balls.
"Okay, how could I refuse when you say it like that?"
I can hear and feel Jonathan get up and then feel his soft lips kiss my pissed forehead. Then his wet tongue starts making his way down my face, neck, chest, belly, and finally I feel it touching the tip of my penis head. His warm tongue travels the length of my erection to my balls and I moan. It feels so sensual. He takes a few bites on my inner thigh and then travels back up to lick the bottom edge of my cut penis head.
"oooooohhhh..." I gasp.
Oh my God! He's sucking on my penis! Ohhhhhh...all wetness and warmth...the sensation is heavenly...I can barely stand it...ohhhhhh...he's fingering my balls while my penis is engulfed by his wet warmmouth..."Oohhhhhhhh...Jonathan...ohhhhh God...You're devouring me...Oh Jonathan...I want you in my mouth...please...bring your penis to my mouth and let me taste you."
I can feel him move and I look up and there dangling in front of me is this erect penis, so hard and yet so delicate is his cut head. I open my mouth and he slips it inside my mouth. MMMMM...the solidity of him, the texture of his soft warmth and the supple smoothness of his flesh. I have him and I suck and lick him just as he is doing to me. I feel his want and desire pulsing in his shaft and we buck and build up our needs, each fueling the other, each feeding the other our sex, our desires, our hot hard flesh.
I want to fill him with my cum and I want to drown in his cum. There will be other times for lingering pleasure this is not that time. I buck and rock my hips to...to...fuck? Yes, that's the word. To fuck my friend with my penis as he is fucking my mouth with his. Our mouths are receptacles to be filled with our desire and needs. In and out of his wet willing hole I plunge my penis, as I feel his being rammed in and out of my mouth. I suck on his solid member and flick my tongue at his head trying to coax out of him his cum. I want it. I crave it. He shoves his member deep into my mouth and throat and I gag a bit. But he is lost in his need for sexual pleasure and release and I am glad to be of service to him. We are more frantic in our mutual mouth fucking...building toward our climax...we can feel the heat burning and blazing fill our tool with molten fluid that will shoot deep into the other's wet warm mouth.
Oh God...Oh God...Oh Jonathan...I can feel it...I'm going to and I can feel that you are ready to burst as well...yes! Yes! YES YES.YES.YES.YES!! A final deep plunge we make into the other and then with a throbbing eruption we spurt out our sex...I can feel his massive gushing mess of hot goo filling my mouth as I erupt and release my own hot load into him.
!!
Messy...fluids...trying to spill out..I won't let it...I swallow his seed...I want every last drop...ohhhhhh...my heart is pounding I'm drifting and I collapse into him as he collapses into me...arms wrap around body to hold...
"ooooooooooo...so...good..."
Is that my voice or his? Or both?
"Jonathan..."
"David..."
"That was..."
"Yes...it was."
"Sleep my dear one."
"Sleep my dearest."
We drift off together.
**
A warm stream splashes on my flesh...Powerful stream...insistent and pungent...
"Wake up sleepy heads."
"Rise and shine boys."
I open my eyes to see my Dad and Saul holding their morning erections solid and hard with piss as they empty it out in twin streams of golden heat. I can feel my own hardness and as Jonathan gets untangled from my arms and lies beside me. We take up our engorged hard ons and aim them at our face, and then even as our fathers empty their bladder on us we begin to send forth our own golden nectar to cover ourselves with our own piss.
The smell is strong and potent and the warm piss feels so nice in the coolness of the morning air.
"To do you boys want coffee or tea?" Saul asks as his stream begins to falter.
"Coffee for me." Jonathan replies.
"Black tea with honey for me," I say as I continue to hose myself down with the last of my morning bladder.
As they finish hosing us down, they tell us they'll be back in a bit.
I sit up a bit and see Jill my mom, wonderfully naked and desirable, and the sexy Miriam equally naked approach.
"Ready to receive us?" Miriam asks as she steps into the pool.
"Good morning David, did you sleep well?" Mom asks as she stands over my hips and with a grunt lets loose a golden stream of warm piss onto my belly.
"Damn...I need this..." Miriam says as she urinates on Jonathan.
"Feels so good...the first is the best," Mom says.
I enjoy the sight of my Mom's wide-open legs, spreading apart her moist pussy as her piss shoots forth onto my stomach and flows downward. As she pees she fingers herself, playing with her clit, getting herself off.
Finally, they finish. They say good bye for now and off they go to get some coffee.
"Well, I need to get cleaned up myself," Jonathan says getting up and out of the piss pool. "Can't be all stinky for when the guests come. See you later David."
"Yeah thanks! Abandon me in my hour of need!"
"Oh I'm sure they'll be plenty to take care of your needs!" Jonathan replies. "See here is Jack with a big container of tea."
He's right. Jack approaches with his balls and prick bouncing holding a large quart sport drink container, which I presume is filled with tea, and some bottles of massage oil.
"There is more if you want. Or juice or wine or beer. Today you should be on a liquid diet. I suggest you go and take a shit You'll have company soon. Also, you can pick up a stack of towels for your guests who need to or want to wipe the piss off their feet if they've gotten any on them."
I take his advice, guzzling down my tea and dripping piss as I walk into the house and take care of those bodily needs. As I do so on the toilet, I see Jonathan and Saul in the shower washing and playing with each other. I leave them, refill my sport drink container with orange juice, and start guzzling that down as I go locate the stack of towels and take them to my piss pool just in time. The first of the morning contingent has arrived. Four men wearing sweatshirts and jogger pants, or in sweat pants and tees approach me as I lay down in the pool. They greet me and as I guzzle down the juice they push down their pants, aim their pricks at me, and let loose with their streams of warm golden urine.
"Is it true that you'll suck us off if we want?"
"To confess, I'm looking forward to that."
"Me too, I have never had a blow job."
"My wife gives me lame quick ones and never lets me cum in her mouth."
"Yes, " I say swallowing the last of my juice and enjoying the warmth of their piss streams on my naked body. "That is a service I am told to perform. You may stick it in me, or just unload it on me. Either way I am the designated piss and cum slut."
As they finish peeing on me they mutter, that's great, thanks, such a wonderful service, and so on.
"Hey...I was wondering...can we just hang out?"
"Sure...there is oil if you want it." I point out.
As they begin to oil their penises, another contingent arrives. These men I all recognize as close by neighbors. They've seen me before, at least seen me in clothes, and I've seen them. It is both awkward and a turn on to for them to see me naked covered in piss and me to see them drop their pants to reveal their penises and balls as they approach me to pee.
"Anywhere?"
"Everywhere?"
"Yes to both," I answer.
"The towels are for us afterwards?'
"Yes."
"Good," he says stepping into the pool and straddling my upper chest and aiming for my face.
Another is above my head also aiming for my face. I scoot down a bit more so not to drip onto the grass. It works as demonstrated by the guy who is pissing in my hair. The other pisses at my face. I feel more and more streams of warm piss aimed at my body as more guys come to take their morning piss. Soon I am surrounded by semi-naked men from the waist down all holding onto their penises and sending their streams of warm golden piss onto my body.
Jonathan comes back out all clean and refreshed to check up on me. I hand him my sport drink bottle and ask for a refill, he goes off and gets me something.
"Excuse me," the one pissing at my face whispers. "I was wondering..."
"Yes?" I say getting some of his piss in my mouth.
"Is it too early to get one of your other services? I was told you also suck? Is that true?"
"Yeah. I was wondering about that as well," says the one pissing in my hair. "You see I've never been sucked. Ever, always wanted to have that happen. My wife doesn't quite approve of this. I snuck out. So I was wondering if you could do a quickie for me."
"Me too. My wife just licks me a bit, just to get me hard, then stops and wants me inside her. She never ever wants to swallow or taste my cum. I would really appreciate it if I could cum in your mouth."
"We know it's early but..."
"Would you?"
"Yes, after this group leaves." I say.
I'm asked to roll over onto my back as a few want to piss on my ass. I scoot down into the pool and lay down on the bottom with my face flat side ways so I'm facing them as they piss. The bottom of the pool now has a thin film of piss and I can smell the strong stench of it, which I'm getting used to it. I feel all those streams of warm fluids wash my bare butt and coating it with urine. Finally, they all finish urinating on me and leave, all except the two.
I get up and the first old guy offers me his semi hard penis. It is about 3 inches even at full erection and he has small delicate balls. I wonder how satisfied his wife is with this! I take it all into my mouth and lick and suck. He moans ecstatically and begins to face fuck me. I hold onto his ass and let him fuck me enjoying the ooze of his precum as he leaks in my mouth. The other guy has come around in back of me leaning in on me, his thin hard penis wedged into the crevice of my butt as he reaches around to play with my penis and balls. He is gently rocking his hips, sort of humping me while playing with me. The guy whose small penis is in my mouth is in a state of lust and is thrusting and shaking and groaning and we both know he is about to blow any moment.
He does and fills my mouth with a burst of hot goo that covers my tongue and is quite tasty. He sighs with exhausted satisfaction as his penis quickly goes soft and returns to a small stub of a thing, which slips out of my mouth. I swallow his load and he thanks me profusely.
The guy behind me let's go of my penis and comes around to face me.
"My turn now?" He asks.
His slender four-inch penis is hard as a rock and sticking straight out, hanging underneath is small pair of balls.
"Yup. Bring it to me."
He sticks his penis into my mouth as I grab onto his bare ass. He too begins to face fuck me as I suck on his slender warm erection. I purse my lips like I was giving someone a kiss and let him slide in and out of my mouth sucking on his warm slender meat as he fucks me.
"Ohhhhhh" he moans. "I love being inside a warm mouth and ooooohhhh...she never lets me cum this way...ohhhhhhh...this feels so fucking good...going to fill you with my cream...watch you swallow it...yessss...mmmmmmmm...OH FUCK!"
I feel him let loose, feel him gushing out his cum load. That's when I catch the others who had come earlier to pee. They all are sporting oiled-up erections and they are approaching me. As the penis in my mouth finishes discharging his load, he slips out and thanks me and steps away.
"Can you do that for us?"
"Sure. Stick it in."
He does and I taste his oil hard penis and after a few grunts and fucking motions, he discharges his load into my mouth. "OH FUCK...that was so good!"
"Me next!"
"Then me!"
"Then me! I want to fuck that face of yours so bad."
As one slips out and backs off the other approaches and sticks his throbbing erection into my mouth and again after a few fucking pumps against my mouth he too shoots off his hot cream. I try to swallow to keep up with all these cum loads to make room for them. The same with the last two. My mouth oozes cum as I lick my lips and swallow their deposits.
They all thank me and get dressed to leave.
"Hey friend care to suck on me?" Jonathan asks.