This is a work of pure fiction. All the protagonists are above the age of 18.
**
The garden city has a lovely weather. Young couples love this weather. Newly weds find this weather blissfully erotic. Their raging hormones make them feel restless. Those who have no romantic partners resent this weather. They feel jealous of those who have partners to exchange bodily warmth.
Manu is a young man of twenty five. He is unable to get a girlfriend. He is still a virgin. He learns about an Internet Browsing Parlour called Fantasy located somewhere in the heart of the garden city where a lot of young couples hang around.
The popularity of Fantasy amongst young love-birds seeking privacy is phenomenal. Manu decides to pay a visit to Fantasy one summer morning.
The sun is shining brightly. The birds are chirping merrily. The weather is perfect for sexually charged activities. Manu reaches Fantasy dressed in brown shorts and a blue t-shirt.
He makes an advance payment and books a semi-enclosed cubicle for one hundred minutes. The idea is to surf adult websites and soak in the heady atmosphere full of erotic vibes prevalent inside the four walls of dimly lit and nicely decorated Fantasy.
Fantasy boasts of twenty four semi-enclosed cubicles with one PC each inside on a table. There are four rows with six cubicles each. These cubicles - designed for privacy - jostle for space. You can hear what is going on in the adjoining cubicles behind the closed doors that can be bolted from inside.
Manu is delighted to take his seat on a cushiony chair with arm rests. Next to it there is an ordinary stool. The cubicle is made for couples.
Manu realises how lonesome he is. He wishes for a sexy girl occupying the empty stool next to him. Manu knows that the stool is too uncomfortable to sit for long hours. Instead he would like his partner accompanying him to sit on his lap. He lets out a sigh.
He turns on the computer monitor and begins to browse adult websites. He is acutely aware of the goings on around him. The young couples are occupying all the adjoining cubicles.
After ten minutes of surfing adult websites, Manu starts feeling bored. He regrets his decision to visit this kind of paradise on earth without a partner. He closes his eyes and sits there feeling sorry for himself.
He spends some time like this then decides to return to surfing adult websites. Thirty minutes have already passed. He notices that his white handkerchief has fallen down. He leans to pick it up. His eyes catch some movements inside the opposite cubicle.
Manu realises that if you lower yourself, you can easily see what is going on inside the cubicle opposite yours. Manu's heart skips a beat. He slowly gets to his feet, pushes his chair aside and sits down on the floor. He takes care not to make any noise. His heart beats have gathered pace.
He knows that that particular cubicle is occupied by an extremely beautiful babe and her handsome lover boy. They had arrived in Fantasy just a few minutes before him. And, he was standing behind them waiting for his turn at the registration counter even as they checked themselves into that cubicle opposite him.
That couple is fully turned on. Manu's eyes take a little time to get used to the dimly lit surroundings. He sits there with his eyes wide open. What he sees drives him mad with lust.
The young babe is sitting - without clothes on - on the table with her back against the monitor. Her legs are wide apart. Her lover boy is eating her pussy. Manu notices girl's shirt, pants and panties lying down in a heap on the floor. He is overcome by a strong desire to reach out and steal the white panties. He controls himself and retrains his eyesight at the epicentre of sexual activity.
The bold babe is moaning softly. Her lover boy seems to be an expert at eating pussy. He is using his tongue at all the right places to give maximum pleasure.
After about five minutes, he stops eating her pussy. She kisses his lips and wipes her juice off his lips with her tongue. They thank each other. Then she stands up.
Her pussy comes into view. Her milky white thighs are shapely. Her small pussy has got hair all over it. Her clitoris is pulsating. Manu's dick is trying to break free from his brown shorts. How lucky the lover is. He not only gets to see such a cute pussy but also taste and fuck her. Manu is jealous.
He starts stroking his dick. The nude babe unzips her lover boy's jeans and takes out his dick. She plays with it for some time. With her fingers she pushes the foreskin down and starts kissing the crown of his throbbing cock lustily.
Manu lets out a sigh. His jealousy strikes him like a sickle in the pit of his stomach. He is panting even as that sexy babe's tongue continues to explore the length and breadth of her lover's thick dick.
She then proceeds to suck him while caressing his balls. Her pair of large boobs is hanging like coconuts. The lover boy is now concentrating on her boobs. He is caressing them. He is twisting and turning her nipples. His palms are crushing her boobs in such an erotic fashion that Manu feels earth moving underneath.
This goes on for about five minutes. Manu is stroking and playing with his dick without taking his eyes off the couple in the act before his eyes. He is eager to know whether they will fuck or stop at the oral sex.
The sexy babe who is completely aroused stops giving her lover blow job. The guy slides condom over his huge erection and gets up. The babe takes her position on the table with her back resting against the computer monitor that is switched off.
Manu realises that they are so busy making out that they have not bothered to turn on the system. Once again the girls spreads her legs. Manu leans further down. Now his cheek is resting on the floor. The tiles are feeling cold to the touch. His hand is playing with his hard on.
There is a juicy pussy half a meter from where Manu is. The cock is ready. The pussy is ready. Then what are they waiting for? Even before Manu can blink, the guy has pushed his cock up his horny babe's waiting pussy. The fucking begins. It is slow and rhythmic. It is precise and pleasurable. It is serene and wild at the same time. The lover boy keeps shoving his dick up and down her babe's pussy with consummate ease. He is a seasoned fucker who is well-versed in all the techniques of Kamasutra.
Manu is masturbating now.
They are making love lustily. Manu is masturbating watching them fuck each other. They are having a great time. The love making goes on for about three minutes that seem like an eternity. Then everything comes to sudden halt.
The expert lover boy has come. He has made his babe come. In other words, they have climaxed together. As soon as Manu realises that his love makers have climaxed, he shoots his load off. Much to his dismay some drops of his semen end up on the pile of shirt, panties and pants lying in a heap in the opposite cubicle.
Manu panics. His first impulse is to get up and take to his heels without turning around. He does not want to get caught masturbating while peeping at the lovers fucking each other madly.
He pulls himself together. He steps out of his cubicle and walks up to the water cooler at the registration counter. He drinks water from a plastic cup and waits for the babe to put her clothes back on. A few tense minutes pass. Nothing happens.
Relieved, Manu gingerly walks back into his cubicle and takes his seat. He is so jealous that a part of him wants to murder the lover boy who has just now fucked a beautiful babe royally and brought her to an earth shattering orgasm.
How lucky of them!
Manu knows that he cannot do what his jealous heart wants. He feels helpless and turns on the monitor. What he sees on the computer monitor before him makes him jump out of his chair.
The lovers are sitting huddled together in the opposite cubicle. Post coital bliss is palpable on their young, radiant and wrinkle free faces. The handsome boy is feeding her Cadbury Chocolate. As a token of gratitude for their heavenly love making. They are fully dressed. They are smiling a lot. Manu's jealousy wants him to smash the computer monitor to smithereens before him.
Manu's heart skips a bit when he notices them getting up. Before opening the door, they hug each other tightly. Manu wears the headphones that are lying on top of computer and begins to listen in.
"You are a lovely sex partner." The lover boy says.
"Your cock is amazing. The moment it touched my clit, I came. Thanks for giving me multiple orgasms." The babe says.
"I wish I could go on making love to you. Your tits. Your ass. Your tummy. Your juicy pussy. I am madly in love with your body, sweetheart."
"I am also madly in love with your tongue and cock. Thanks for everything. Let us meet tomorrow. Same time. Same place."
"Sure." The lover boy says, handing her a bunch of red roses along with a gift hamper.
"Thanks again. Bye."
"See you soon, my love."
The door comes open and they step out. An exotic aroma of body spray begins to waft through Manu's nostrils as the freshly fucked couple make their way towards exit leaving a trail of aroma in their wake.
Manu sits there transfixed. He cannot believe what he has seen just now. The cubicle feels eerie. It has got cameras that can capture live action. What has he got himself into? He wants to leave as soon as possible and follow the couple wherever they go. He is curious to find out what they do next.
Suddenly the door opens and the sexy babe who was with her well-built lover boy until a few minutes ago steps in and closes the door behind her. Before Manu can say anything, she says, smiling, "Hello. Peeping Tom. I saw everything. My fuck boy was fucking me hard. But my concentration was on you. I saw your hard dick. It looked impressive. I want to have a relook at it."
Without waiting for Manu's reply, she yanks down his shorts and frees his limp penis. Soon her expert fingers begin to work their magic and Manu's dick becomes hard. The sexy babe runs her tongue all over her swollen lips and begins to kiss virgin Manu's cock.
Manu is unable to comprehend what is going on. He feels as though he were seeing an unreal dream with his eyes wide open. He is too scared to touch the mysterious babe and move a muscle. He closes his eyes and relaxes in the chair.
The bold babe starts giving Manu a blow job. Her tongue knows his erect dick like the back of her palms. She is touching his cock with her tongue at all the right places. Manu feels as if thousand watts electricity were passing through his body. He has never experienced this kind of forbidden pleasure before.
The sexy babe -- oblivious to what Manu is going through -- keeps working on his hard dick with her tongue and makes him come. Manu is fully exhausted. He has ejaculated three times in a span of one hundred minutes.
What a surreal experience behind the closed door of cubicle in Fantasy!
**