My house mate's girl.
Thursday, later that evening.
It's a typical action comedy. Things blow up, quirky lines are said and there are a few sexy women in skimpy clothes to go with the buff guys. The snow is coming down again and it looks like no one's going anywhere on Friday. Heather is laying back into me again. I have my arm draped over her in a casual way but so that I can brush against per tits if I want to. That changed once the movie got started. Heather turned herself on her side and was lying next to and behind me on the couch. This gave her the chance to be able to reach her hand down and grab a hold of me! So far the evenings fun had let me with a partial hard cock. Heather must have decided that a partial is not nearly as fun as a fully and healthy full grown cock and started to slowly stroke me!
Now we mustn't forget Sarah. She had once again shifted so that she can watch us if she wanted to, Mike was fully engaged on the movie and was paying no attention at all to anyone else around him. Sarah had pulled the covers down just enough to expose her large breasts. It didn't take a rocket scientist to see that she was not wearing anything underneath her shirt now. Even in the relative dark of the room, you could see her nipples hard and erect through her shirt! Heather could see that too and I'm fairly certain that is excited her too. Heather's hand was down my shorts and had been mostly resting there since the 2nd movie had started. But now she was slowly stroking life into my cock. The way that Heather was sitting allowed for Sarah to see everything that was going on. Heather was deliberately taking her time, stroking up and then down, slowly pumping blood into my already close to exploding cock.
There was no mistaking what Heather was doing now. While it was slow, you could see that she was holding my cock and stroking it. I looked over at Sarah again and to my surprise, I could see that she was now just starting to touch herself. Being as discrete as I can, I got Heather's attention and pointed this out to her.
"OMG"
Heather whispered to me, but made no move at all to stop what she was doing! Heather was enjoying this, that was a little surprising. As it turned out, Heather was really enjoying it! To where she grabbed my free hand and guided down to her pantie line and pushed it further. As soon as I for far enough down I realized how wet she was again. Her body jumped a little when I first touched her. She squeezed my cock hard and once she got used to me touching her, she started to stroke me faster.
So there we are, four people sitting on a couch. One person watching a movie, one watching other people and two stroking each other, knowing that they are being watched! I was already semi hard and very excited from the first movie and now I was feeling like I was going to explode. Heather could sense it too and she would slow down or stop all together while squeezing my cock hard to stop the pending explosion. Heathers pussy was so wet; it was making little noises as I played with her. I think something happened to Heather then. Knowing that she was being watched finally set her off. I had to hold her down tight as the waves of pleasure washed over her.
By now it was impossible to hide it from Sarah and when she saw Heather's orgasm, it appears that Sarah could not hold back any more. Just as she sat up and started to cum, the movie had a huge sudden explosion that had all of us jumping. The timing was so good that Mike had no clue as to what just happened. He figured that the gasping breathing from the girls was because of the movie. Heather leaned her body into mine and I could feel it still shaking. Her hand was still on my cock, which was very hard and throbbing from desire to release.
"Soon"
She whispered to me and she removed her hand from my cock just in case! I looked over at Sarah and I could see she was still a little breathy. There was something in the look she had as she continued to watch us. It looked as if she had made a decision, but she hadn't shared just what yet.
Things calmed down from there. The movie finished and we turned on the lights again and moved to the kitchen to have a night cap. Mike was excited by the movie and continued to talk about all the little things in it. Neither Sarah or Heather talked much. They had a little snack and once the drinks were done, someone decided it was time for bed. We all shuffled upstairs into our rooms. I did run into Sarah right outside the bathroom. She was coming out from brushing her teeth while I was waiting to do the same. As she tried to pass, I said good night to her and gave her a goodnight hug. Her face lit up and she hugged me back hard, almost desperately before separating herself and turning quickly to go into her room. When I finished I went back to my room. I was semi hard and still very ready to explode.
I walked into my room to find exactly what I was needing. Heather was sitting naked on my bed, waiting for me. Without saying anything, she striped me right there standing in front of her. She leaned forward and stuck out her tongue and licked the underside of my cock's head! I was no longer semi hard after that. As she worked her tongue around the shaft of my cock, it continued to grow and throb. Heather opened her mouth and took the head of my cock into her mouth, licking, sucking and stroking me with real pleasure. I was pulsating now and ready. But Heather stopped right before I could explode.
"Remember", she said, "not in my mouth!"
But she was not unsympathetic. She quickly turned around and on her knees, pushed her wet pussy out at me. I didn't have to be told twice and quickly I was poised to thrust inside of her.
Despite already having two good orgasms and being very wet, her pussy was still tight. I took my cock in hand and stroked her pussy with it, getting everything flowing correctly and thrust inside her. In two strokes, my cock was buried as deep as it would go. I could feel her shaking and squeezing me as her orgasm took her over. I did not last much longer myself and as she squeezed her pussy again, I finally reached my own very powerful orgasm! The first release is pure pleasure; I can feel her pussy filling up with my cum. My cock is so deep in her that it starts to spill out of her and that's just the first release.
I pull her waist back into me and she squeezes me again and I cum over and over. I fill her so much that I eventually get pushed out. But I'm still hard and still cumming so I direct it to cover her even tighter little ass. As I finish cumming I even give her a little push there with my now semi hard cock again. I roll onto my back and Heather lays on me. We like to lay like this after and catch our breath. It's an intimate time. As we lay there in the quiet and dark, I think of the fun we had while watching the movie. Heather must be thinking the same thing as she turns to me and very quietly says,
"I liked having Sarah watch us today."
I did too I tell her. Then Heather drops her voice very small and asks
"Would you maybe let me watch her suck you? It's all I could think of as I was stroking you while she was watch us." A little dumbstruck, all I can say is yes, and with that, Heather laid her head down on me and fell asleep on top of me. I laid there a little longer, enjoying the feeling of her naked body on mine and thinking about what she just said and what that really meant.