The meeting:
It was a cold Sunday night and Jenni was lonely and looking for company. Johnny was out of town on business and the kids were at a sleepover. She gathered her purse and jacket and headed for the local pub for a few drinks and maybe find some sort of amusement.
She sat herself at the bar and it wasn't long before a man sat down next to her and ordered a drink. They exchanged smiles and he went back to watching the game on the television. A woman came and sat next to Jenni on the other side, ordered a drink, and smiled at her. Jenni and the woman exchanged smiles and then continued to watch the television.
A bit of time went by and the woman whispered into Jenni's ear, "How long has it been?"
"How long has it been what?" Jenni replied.
"How long has it been since you have been with another woman?" Jenni was stunned at how abrupt the woman was and scrambled for words to reply to this odd question.
In a quiet, shy whisper she replied "What makes you think that I would ever have been, or be involved with a woman?"
The woman snickered "C'mon honey, I can see it in you, I can tell that you are longing for it." Amazed at the audacity of this woman Jenni took a gulp of her drink and stared at the television.
"Abrupt isn't she. When she sees something that she likes she does not hesitate." Jenni looked in the direction of the deep voice, trying to figure out why this man was talking to her about a private conversation.
"Excuse you?" She replied sarcastically. "I do not believe we were talking to you."
Chuckling, the man responded, "Oh I am sorry, that is my wife. That's Mindy and I am Tom. Pardon my intruding question, but where is your husband tonight?"
"Not that it is any or your business, Tom, but he is on business tonight and I didn't want to be alone."
"Oh, I see. So how long has it been?" he asked.
Jenni blushed "About a year. But I am not sure that this conversation should go any further."
Mindy interjected "Too bad, you are very cute. I think that we could have had a lot of fun together... I am sorry I didn't catch your name."
"I apologize, it's Jenni.I am flattered, really, but he is not home, this not a good idea."
"Oh he doesn't want to play, he wants to watch." Mindy laughed. Jenni glanced over at Tom who was sipping on his Gin and Tonic. He gave her a wicked smile, and winked at Mindy. As tempting as this was, Jenni was hesitant about involving herself in something like this without Johnny there. They had never really played alone, and while it had been fantasized about, it had never been acted upon. As Jenni sat at the bar she could smell Mindy's perfume; it was a sweet smell that made the stale room a little more pleasant.
Her skin was pale and inviting, her hair was brown, and Mindy wore it long and soft. Her body was the same as Jenni's, curvy and full chested, but not repulsive. She really did not know what kind of company she wanted tonight when she set out, but, how often does an opportunity like this come along, and what was the harm in two consensual women having a little bit of voyeuristic fun. She wasn't going to be touching the man, and he was not going to be touching her. Johnny loves the idea of two women together anyways; maybe this could turn into something great and Jenni could satisfy a few fantasies of her own...

Getting Caught
The Intro:
"So what do you think? I promise you, Tom will be in the shadows and nowhere near you. It will be just you and I." Mindy's voice was inquisitive and seductive at the same time. Jenni hesitated to respond, torn between right and want. Reluctantly she asked
"Where do you want this to happen?" If she was going to do this she would rather it be at her own home where she is comfortable and safe.
"Well, we are just a few miles away, but we can go home with you if you like." Mindy said quietly. That ball was in her court now, Jenni had a decision to make, refuse the offer or take them home.
"Tell you what, lets settle the bill, and we can go back to my place, open a bottle of wine and see where it goes from there. But he is strictly in a viewer capacity. For now. And only if my husband is there. Understand?"
"Of course! Trust is the biggest key to all of this. Shall we follow you?" Tom asked.
"Um, yes. I am parked just out front. I must warn you though, I have two German Shepherds in the house. Is that going to be a problem?"
Tom laughed, most likely because he could tell Jenni was trying to scare him into behaving. "Love dogs, we have several ourselves." "Alright, off we go then." Jenni had butterflies in her stomach, not really knowing what she was doing, but strangely excited at the same time. Jenni pulled into the drive and stepped out of the car, Mindy and Tom pulled up in front of the house and followed her to the door.
She fumbled with the lock and could hear the dogs barking on the other side of the door. As she opened the door she shushed them and sent them on their way. "Red or white?" She asked briskly, hoping that alcohol would calm her nerves.
"Either, we are not picky." Tom replied with a gentle smile. Jenni could begin to see that he was a sweet man, an accommodating man.
Mindy perused the endless pictures of family on the walls and finally came to wedding photos. "Who is the handsome man here?" Jenni glanced over her shoulder as she popped the cork off of the bottle.
"Oh, that is Johnny, my husband. Very talented that man." Jenni's cheeks turned pink and she quickly poured the wine. "Here, hope red is okay." She quickly took a sip and sat down on the couch. Mindy followed her lead and sat next to her. Tom took a different approach and sat at the table; turning the chair so that he was facing the girls. For now, it seemed that he really did just want to watch.
Jenni and Mindy made small talk while Tom sipped his wine and pretended to listen to the endless girl chat. Jenni glanced at him from time to time. He would smile and wave his hand at them, as if to say carry on. But his ears began to perk up when the conversation turned to a more sensitive topic. "So, tell me, how long have you been with women Jenni? I can curious, what is your experience?" Jenni swallowed the gulp of wine, and gently liked her lip. She managed to stammer a response, or what passed for one anyways...
"Well, it has been a while, but I have held a few steady relationships with women. Johnny and I have played a few times since we have been together. With other woman that is. But, it has been a while since I have been with another experienced woman."
Intrigued, Mindy wanted to know more, "What are your favorites?"
"Well, 69 is always a must, but I get a lot of pleasure out of using my strap-on in any hole that I can. I love watching a woman go down on my cock." Jenni was mortified at what had just come out of her mouth, she buried her face in her glass, praying that the conversation would take a turn away from her.
"Wow! I must say, have used strap-ons before, but giving head was not a major part of it. Do you use one on Johnny? Does he suck it for you?"
"Oh, yes... he does. I cream myself every time to." Tom was on the edge of his seat now, hanging on every word of their conversation.