It was the fourth move in 8 years. I have seen, Fort Hood...Iraq...Fort Bragg...Afghanistan...Fort Drum...Africa, and now Fort Riley. There has been little time for friends and even less time for that someone special. I have laid with several ladies in the past, but there is only one that keeps me moving day to day, the one from Iraq who wasn't afraid of trying anything... ANYTHING. She may have been about 10 years older than I was at the time but she was a playful kitten in the sac. Whether we were in the bunkers near the hooch or in the shower trailers, the only time we weren't playing anatomy lessons in the dessert was when we were on patrol or saving lives. The only thing she did better than ride was practice medicine. She was probably the best Doc I've ever had the opportunity to work for with all my bias put aside. During the beginning of the Iraq invasion most of the Forward Operating Bases were nothing but Tents, concrete barriers, and sand dunes which were made by the local engineer battalion. These defenses were sub-par in comparison to what they are now.
It was a Tuesday, much like any other. We had the morning brief about the upcoming patrols and the Intel brief from the nerds up top. After the morning brief, we would hit up the gym. Set up in a giant tent with about 10 treadmills, a small basketball court, lifting equipment, and a small room for classes the gym was always the place we would sneak to when we wanted to have some fun. This would be my last memory of her. When going to the gym she would wear her tight yoga pants which fit like a glove over her nice, round, bottom. Her hair was up in a ponytail hanging to the middle of her back. The shirt she chose was always a tank top with a black sports bra underneath. I chose the traditional silk basketball shorts, a grey wife beater, and tennis shoes. On this day, the gym was empty due to the big wigs coming to the base. We took this as an opportunity to utilize all the equipment in partner assisted workouts. We began kissing passionately.
The way lovers kiss after first realizing they are in love. Our tongues united in between our faces as we realized, on this day, we did not have to hide inside a concrete barrier. As the kissing went on I raised her up in my arms and set her on top of me. We both sat on the raised bench machine her pelvis grinding against mine. I could tell by the way her hips were thrusting that she could feel my enlarged cock through the shorts caressing her moist clit as I began to suck on her neck. We lifted her shirt up exposing her sports bra and breasts. Her cold hands managed to slide under my shirt and yank it over my head as her lips connected with my chest. She was twisting her saliva soaked tongue against my chest while her soft hands encircled my penis. She stroked it several times before moving back to lower her shorts. The body of goddess stood in front of me.
She ran her hands and tongue up my chest until she reached my mouth. My hands reached around her backside shoving her down on top of my erection. She again thrusted before sliding it inside her drenched pussy. She let out a moan which she had held in this entire deployment. It was loud enough for others to hear because the next thing we knew the door flung open. But instead of stopping I shoved my cock inside her deeper thrusting my hips up into her. The others stood there unsure if they should enjoy the show or say something. The thrusting continued while she leaned back, "OOOOHHHHHH" we moaned back and forth, until finally I could feel her pussy get so tight it made it difficult to shove my cock inside her. I grabbed a fistful of hair as I exploded inside of her and bit her neck.
"Let's enjoy this for a minute before getting up," I said.
"You are already up" She replied.
"What the fuck is going on here" The commanding officer entered the room. We all stood at attention, those with clothes and without clothes. "Put some god damn clothes on soldiers and come see me ASAP" He screamed as he slammed the door behind him. The rest of the soldiers cheered as Betty and I put on our clothes.
"That's enough, that's enough" I taunted and waved my hands in the air. We both put our clothes on and did the walk of shame past the audience as we headed to the Dining Facility.
On our way to see the CO we stopped at the Dining Facility. It was located near the Gym and had little, if any cover in between the two. The dining facility was in a small tent with makeshift tables scattered about. All the cooks were dripping with sweat over the food and it was about 100 degrees inside the tent. Just about every day they served the same mix of pancakes, overcooked bacon, and watery eggs. She would always take the pancakes, bacon and blueberries and make different faces on her plate. It always made us smile. We finished our breakfast in the Army style shoveling our faces and cracking jokes before we had to suit up for the day's mission and receive our ass chewing from the CO.