Over the last few weeks, before my previous library date, I had been pushing myself to explore my sexuality, my desires and my fantasies.
I'd shown myself and masturbated in public or semi-public places, sometimes with my neighbour, experienced oral sex in the library with a stranger, and lost my virginity publicly in the same place. I shared a mutual masturbation date with not only my neighbour but also his cousin, who he'd 'mistakenly' brought along after he 'misunderstood' a note I'd posted through his door.
It was a daring and exciting time, and I loved it.
Some might consider me a tart or slut, but I didn't care about other people, just exploring my desires. My aunt was the same, a successful businesswoman, who took her pleasure where she pleased, her sexuality empowering her, not holding her back.
By chance, I bumped into the neighbour and his cousin in town. They were a little awkward saying hello, which I found funny considering what we'd been doing.
But then I found there is a power a strong, confident woman has over the shy, slightly socially innocent male, especially when that woman was sexually adventurous and didn't fit the 'norm' of how girls acted around them, as unpopular, 'nerds'.
The weather was mild, but rather than the shorter skirts I'd been favouring, I was dressed pretty conservatively in a mid-thigh, pale blue summer dress that buttoned up the front.
Underneath, I had slightly darker blue panties that just showed through but no bra, my nipples just visible in the right light.
They were going into a bar/restaurant, and as I had no plans, I asked if I could join them, choosing a semi-circular booth, when they enthusiastically said yes, which served the purpose of us sitting together out of sight of the main bar area.
When we had been served our drinks and were seated, with each of them on either side of me, I said directly, 'I saw you two watching me walk about naked in my room again, so did either of you two cum watching me?' They looked at one another, the neighbour nodded yes, a little red, but the cousin made me laugh when he said honestly.
'And when you were fingering yourself on your bed.'
I was taken aback but could only smile as the neighbour nudged the cousin, who looked at him a little annoyed before saying, 'can we ask you about something.'
Intrigued I said 'such as?'
They looked at each other, the neighbour nodding at him in a 'go on sort of way, and then he said. 'Sex things.'
This was getting interesting. 'What do you want to know?' I whispered.
'Do you, you know...' he went red, and the neighbour nudged him again, they'd obviously been talking about me, and he seemed to have been appointed spokesman...' touch yourself every day?'
I smiled, 'pretty much, don't you guys?'
They nodded shyly, and then the neighbour added
'More than once a day?'
They listened intently as I lowered my voice to a whisper and said. 'Twice, sometimes more.'
They were hanging on my every word, and I saw they were shifting a little, maybe getting uncomfortable, excited?'
I carried on. 'Usually when I'm taking my morning shower, then in the evening after my run, you know, when I get spied on.'
They both looked a little sheepish, but I added, 'You know I like that.'
'Do you just do it with your fingers?' he asked.
I smiled, knowing they were getting excited by my' confessions.'
Well depends where I am...' I could see that had them intrigued.' It's usually just my fingers, but I do have a small slim vibrator I like.
'Bet you'd love to see me using that?' I said naughtily.
'What did you mean? It depends where you are.' the cousin said quietly.
'Don't you just masturbate in the house?'
He looked at his cousin, adding, 'apart from, you know, those times outside on the patio.'
Smiling, I lowered my voice to a husky whisper.
'Well, I've done it in the lady's room at college, in a pub toilet in front of a barman, and you know I've done it in the library and on the stairs.'
'And you've probably seen the pictures from the photobooth for your geek friends have.' I said to the neighbour, who went a deeper red.
They were listening, engrossed, so I carried on.
'I have touched myself on the bus, in the cinema and in my car with a stranger watching. Sometimes I don't wear panties. Sometimes, I take them off, and sometimes I just ease them to one side to finger myself, but the most exciting thing is being seen. The chance of being caught is what turns me on most.'
'So You're really into masturbating to show off?' the cousin said.
I sipped my drink, taking my time, letting the tension build as they waited for me to continue.
'Yes, it is hottest when I get off with other people watching or somewhere there's a chance of getting caught.'
'Most people would think that's pretty disgusting for a girl, though.'
'No, it's pretty awesome,' the neighbour said, and they both grinned like naughty schoolboys.
'Even if I tell you I lost my virginity in the middle of a busy library?'
For a moment, they were both dumbstruck, then said, 'really?'
'Yes, really, and it turns out we were spied on because I found a used tissue in the next aisle, and I don't think it was from someone with a cold.'
The neighbour was quiet, thinking for a moment, then he said. 'So you have a boyfriend?'
I laughed.
'No, it was a stranger who I'd had fun with the week before. I don't have boyfriends as I don't think they'd like me being the way I am.'
'I like my freedom to do what I like, with who I like too much.'
'I'm having too much fun. In fact, do you think you could help me cum here in the restaurant?'
Before they could answer, I unbuttoned the bottom of my dress to just above my panties, easing it to one side, so they were on show.
Their answer went unspoken, the look on their faces and the bulge showing against the crotch of their jeans enough as I added.
'Would it turn you on to watch me finger myself in public?'
They both took an audible breath as I slipped a finger inside the leg of my panties and touched my pussy, inserting a finger.
'Do you like watching this?' I asked.
'Yes,' they both said in unison, nervous, checking around to make sure nobody else could see
I took my finger from my panties and sexily sucked it, tasting myself. I thought they were going to explode.
'If I let you touch me, will you take your cocks out and cum with me, right here under the table?'
They didn't answer verbally, but neither stopped me as I reached over, ran a finger over their obvious erections and unzipped them.
They looked less nervous and terrified, but I'd found in our other adventures that the prospect of touching a lady or having a lady promise to masturbate them soon overcame any misgivings.
First, I pulled the cousin's cock through his fly. I'd grabbed some of the thick tissue napkins meant for the restaurant side of the pub when we were getting drinks, having intended on some fun, and I
dropped a napkin in his lap over his cock.
At my instruction and with some guidance, I had the neighbour work my clit, over my panties. I spread my legs a little and whispered to the cousin, 'touch my pussy with a finger.'
He placed it over my panties, but I took it and guided him to touch me under the thin material saying, 'no, here s nicer.'
He gasped as I gripped his cock, feeling it twitch and swell. I knew he wouldn't last long.
His finger slipped back and forth easily as I was so wet, gradually, teasingly, parting my folds as he became more confident and increased pressure until the tip of his index finger eventually entered me.
He paused, but when I didn't object, he pushed it all the way in and began fingering me, his movements a little restricted by my panties.
Even so, the cousin's inexperienced fumblings brought my breath in short gasps. It was so erotic watching them both touch my pussy under the table while I pumped the cousin's cock in public but secretly.
The cousin was obviously very excited because pre-come soaked my fingers each time I stretched the foreskin over the head of his cock. I quickened the pace of my hand on his shaft, and after just a few strokes, he stiffened, a little blob of cum landing on my leg as he pulled his fingers from my panties and grabbed the napkin to cover himself, soaking up the mess as he shot his load.
He panted, biting his lip, doubled over, obviously trying to keep quiet and hide what was happening, finally pushing the napkin in a jacket pocket and tucking himself away with a sheepish look.
He'd cum sooner than I'd expected. Wiping the blob of wetness off my leg, I turned to the neighbour and said your turn, hoping he'd last longer than the cousin, as I still needed to get off.
With some prompting, he carefully reached in his fly and pulled out a very hard cock. He covered it with a napkin, copying what I had done with his cousin. , looking around nervously.
They watched wide-eyed as I raised my bottom off the seat, quickly pulling my panties down and off, then popping them in my bag. Then unbuttoned the top of my dress, the thin material parting slightly, exposing my breasts.
Quietly I asked 'Can you see how hard my nipples are?'
They only sighed in response. I spread my legs again, and with my panties missing, it was easy for the neighbour's hand to access my pussy.
He was incredibly turned on as I guided his hand between my legs.
I moved the napkin from the neighbour's cock, pre-cum dribbled on my fingertips, and I used it to lubricate his shaft in slow, easy strokes, steadily moving his foreskin up and down.
Seeing the virgin geek trembling, dripping pre-come on my fingers as I guided his fingers over my vagina in a public place. While being watched by the other virgin geek, Id just masturbated to climax was beyond risky and exciting.
The neighbour was gaining confidence, fingering me in earnest, pounding just the single finger I'd guided to my pussy in and out, too inexperienced to vary what I'd shown him.
Even so, I could feel my orgasm approaching. Reaching between my legs, I urged him to add another finger. To go deeper and faster, spreading my legs wider as he inexpertly shoved his fingers in as far as they would go.
It pushed me over the edge, and I began to orgasm. At the same time, I worked his cock faster, gripping a little firmer, making him stiffen and grunt as I said, do it, cum for me,'
His cock twitched, and he grabbed the napkins just in time to catch the mess he pumped out over my hand.
When I'd recovered, I buttoned my dress, popped my panties in my bag and visited the toilets to clean up, leaving the guys to do the same.
When I returned, fresh drinks were on the table, bought by two boys with very cheesy grins. Standing by the booth, I picked up my glass, took a sip of my drink, and then said, 'Did you guys like doing that?'
Yes, they both agreed,
Taking a quick look around, I saw a few people leaning against the bar, way off on the far side of the room, waiting for a seat in the restaurant.
We were angled just enough that it would be hard to see where I was standing unless they were really curious.
Sure it was still quiet. I slowly unbuttoned my dress all the way down, letting it drop open. 'Wow, your nipples are so hard,' the cousin whispered. 'I like seeing them.'
Leaning over the table, I said.' touch them then.'
Each took a breast in hand, exploring the hard nub and firm flesh. I reached between my legs and stroked myself, using my fingertips to rub my juices over my sensitive clit until I breathed hard and really close to orgasm. If someone decided to wander this way, they'd surely see my breasts were out, the lads playing with my nipples as I masturbated.
It might have been my inexperience, but I was surprised to see they were both fully hard again. The geeks had both already cum not twenty minutes ago.
'They hardly hesitated as I squeezed between them again and reached for their fly, helping to free their cocks. I knew by the way they stiffened at my touch that I would have to control my pace as I began to steadily masturbate them, being careful to contain their excitement, slowly squeezing just behind the head and stopping a moment. Although they were enjoying the attention, I smiled as I noticed they also took time to look around the room to ensure my public masturbation went unnoticed.
Heart pounding, I decided to make it even more daring.
They were getting beyond excited, and I really wanted them to cum but not get anything on my dress. There was only one solution.
Letting go of them, I quickly stood and shrugged off my dress, fully exposing my naked body as I carefully placed it out of the way on the seat beside the cousin.
There would be no way to quickly retrieve it if anyone came this way, and the thought sent a tremble of excitement through my belly.
Their eyes alternated between my breasts and pussy as I sat back down and spread my legs. 'Finger me' I said as they stared, not moving.
I took hold of them again, and they both ran a hand over my thigh, the cousin and my neighbour both running an index finger over my pussy, the cousin pushing a finger in while the neighbour touched his to my clit, making me suck in a breath as he moved it in little circles.
In moments my thighs were trembling, and I was trying desperately to stifle a cry as their fingers brought me to another orgasm, the cousin adding his middle finger, my pussy clamping on the probing digits, soaking his hand.
Breathing hard, I urged them to finish themselves 'let go, boys, I whispered, 'shoot your cum on my belly, my thighs and my pussy,' I begged, panting from my excitement.
That set them off, they turned towards me, half kneeling on the seat, any worries of being discovered seemingly forgotten as the cousin stiffened first and let out a soft moan as his cock began to spurt the first long string of cum landed just below my exposed breasts.
The neighbour added to the mess as spurts from his jerking cock landed on my lower belly. They both worked their hands frantically while trying to aim between my legs, soaking the neatly trimmed, sparse hair and my soft inner thighs.
After they had calmed down, they wiped with the tissues and rearranged themselves. I cleaned their sperm with wet wipes, then retrieved and partly buttoned my dress. Not bothering with my panties, I luxuriated in being naked under the thin cotton as we walked from the bar into the twilight air. Especially as I'd left the top buttons open, the gap at the top of my dress gave glimpses of my boobs and nipples from the right angle.
I also left the bottom buttons open so that when the breeze lifted a corner of the hem, it flapped loose, exposing my pussy.
I knew I'd be taking my slim friend out of my draw when I got home.
On the way back, the guys chatted excitedly, but I was deep in thought, only half listening. Tonight had been really exciting, but after having sex in the library, I knew I wanted more than mutual masturbation, but it was another week before my next 'date.'
Looking at the two boys, I thought about how easy it was to control what we did and how grateful my neighbour was when I invited him to watch me masturbate. And they both were excited when I finally allowed them to touch me. Smiling, I came to a decision.
When we reached the back gate of my house, I said.
'My aunt is away for another few days, so tomorrow evening, when you see me naked after my shower instead of spying from your bedroom, come over and wait in the living room.
They both grinned excitedly, then froze, staring as I walked away, adding...
'and bring condoms.'