Copyright©2020 - This is an original work by Zeb Carter and protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.Com and any submission to any other site has not been authorized by the Author.
Showing Off The Wife
Tina and I have been married for ten years. We were married right out of college. I was 22 and Tina was 23. Yes, I like older women. My name is Brad. I was born in Chicago. Tina was born in Kentucky but her parents moved to Chicago when she was but a toddler. We both grew up within a mile of each other yet, never met. Even in high school, we never met. She was a year ahead of me. It wasn't until college that we ran into each other, literally. I was hurrying to my next class, as was she when we both rounded a corner in the hall at the same time. I dropped everything I was carrying. I knocked down Tina. The first thing I did was kneel next to her to see if she was all right. She was staring up at me with a grimace on her pretty face.
"I'm so sorry. Are you all right?" I asked.
"Shit, what were you running for... oh god, I'm fine, I think. Help me up, please," she said.
Putting my arm around her waist as she sat up, I help her to stand. I held on to her, just in case. She didn't push me away as she tested out her legs. An arm around her waist and one of her hands in mine, I waited. Nodding, she put all her weight on one leg, then the other.
"I'm all right," she said looking at me.
"I'm glad. I'm so sorry..."
"It was partly my fault. I was in a rush also. Here, let me help you with your things," she said squatting down, starting to gather my things.
"No, no, that's okay, I can get them," I replied squatting down to at least help her.
It only took us a minute to get my things together. She had only had her purse, which she grabbed the first thing. As we stood there, looking at each other I stuck out my hand.
"I'm Brad, Brad Colson," I said.
"I'm Tina Michaels," she replied taking my hand.
"Glad to meet you, Tina," I said, shaking her hand gently.
"Glad to meet you, Brad," she replied.
We stood looking into each other's eyes. I saw curiosity, with a touch of annoyance. I smiled. Then the memory of where I was going hit me.
"Oh, crap," I said letting go of her hand and looking at my watch. "Damn."
"What? Oh! What time is it?" she asked.
"Late enough for me to forget about where I was headed. Four o'clock," I sighed.
"Shoot! Well, I might as well forget about where I was headed also."
"Do you want to get something to drink at the student union?" I asked. "My treat."
"Sure, why not!" she replied nodding.
After that, we started going out on Friday and Saturday nights all through college. After graduation, we moved back to Chicago. I with my parents, Tina with hers. I asked her to marry me. She said yes. We were to be married in July. We both got jobs in our fields. Tina as an office manager for a medical facility. I as a software engineer for a local marketing firm. Neither of them was downtown, so we bought a house in the 'burbs.
For the next ten years, we lived a nice quiet life in the 'burbs and had fun with each other. Our first time was, believe it or not, in the backseat of my old '87 Buick Grand National. I wasn't a virgin, but Tina was, which surprised me. With the way she dressed and acted, I would have thought she had given in to some handsome college athlete at some point. I was lucky I had asked her, just before I started to push into her if she was a virgin. Nodding, she kissed me hard on the lips. Then told me to go slow.
I did. She screamed when I was almost all the way inside her. I pulled out looking down at her vagina. There was blood all over my backseat underneath her. She wasn't crying, just moaning with any pain she felt. I pulled a towel I always kept upfront and cleaned the blood off my seats and gently off of her. I had a blanket in the backseat, so I spread that out under her. She just smiled up at me the entire time, not saying a word. I slowly slipped inside her once again.
Smiling up at me, she grunted with pain, then sighed with relief. Looking up she told me to fuck her. I shook my head and told her I was going to make love to her. Her eyes opened wide and her smile got even bigger. As I pulled out of her, she moaned, throwing her head back. Pushing back in slowly again, Tina growled how good it felt now. For the next half an hour I just slowly fucked her. She was kissing my face softly as I brought her to an orgasm. I didn't know if it was her first and I didn't care, I just loved the look on her face when she came.
After that, we would find a cheap motel and fuck each other's brains out all night Friday and Saturday night. This was before we were married when we were in college living in a dorm with nosy roommates. After we were married, we lived with her parents for just three months. We both got jobs and put our checks in the bank. We made love slow and quietly in our room down the hall from her parent's room and right next door to her younger brother's room. He was only a year and a half young than Tina, hence the keeping quiet.
We found a nice apartment in a nice neighborhood close to both our places of employment. On the day we moved in several of the neighbors stopped by to welcome us to the complex, which we thought was very nice of them. After we moved in and settled down, we were sitting in the living room, watching a little TV when we both got a little amorous. I started to kiss Tina softly. She kissed me back, moaning as she did. Well, before you know it she was naked as I knelt between her legs devouring her sweet, beautiful pussy. She was almost screaming, pulling my mouth against her sex. After a while, she pushed me away. That's when I noticed that the drapes were open and it was getting dark and we had the living room lights on. Looking up at the windows of the other apartments, I could see several faces looking down at us.
They pulled back when they saw me looking up at them. As I gasped, I suddenly found myself extremely turned on. I stood and closed the drapes. Tina was still in the throes of her orgasm so she really didn't notice. I hurriedly stripped off my clothes, squatted down, and slipped my cock into her hot body. She cried out in ecstasy. She orgasmed as I pushed into her overheated body.
"Oh fuck!" she cried out. "Are you as hot as I am, from everyone watching us?"
I was shocked. I just pushed into her as far as I could and groaned. She nodded up at me a sly smile on her face. She closed her eyes and came again. Hard.
"You saw them?" I asked huffing out of breath.
"I did. At first, I was shocked we forgot to close the drapes, but then, I was so turned on knowing people were watching me in all my naked glory. I pushed your head away so they could get a look at my pussy, all wet and shiny with your saliva."
I just groaned as I pushed into her harder.
"You better not come yet. I expect you to fuck the shit out of me now. You have to quench the fire in my pussy."
I nodded slowly pulling out of her body. Leaning down I gently kissed her lips. She sighed as she kissed me back. I slammed into her pussy with all the force I could muster. Tina screamed so loud I was thinking the neighbors could probably hear her. When I bit down gently on her nipples, she screamed again. I kept slamming into her body as fast and as hard as I could. I knew I wasn't going to last long at this rate but I think Tina really didn't care as she was having one orgasm after another. Slamming into her one last time, my cock started to pulse harder than it had ever pulsed before.
"Oh god, I can feel your cum hitting my cervix. You have never cum this hard before. You really liked showing me off?"
I couldn't answer her, my orgasm was taking all my energy to just keep from passing out on top of Tina. I lay atop Tina for some time shivering and shaking with my orgasm. She held me tightly, kissing my face and neck. When I caught my breath, I moved to her side, looking down into her pretty eyes. Running through my mind were all the faces I had seen looking down and over at us... her. I'm pretty sure they weren't looking at me, as I was fully dressed.
"Are you going to answer me?" asked Tina.
I opened my mouth to reply but just couldn't talk.
"Don't worry sweetheart, I won't be angry with you. Honest."
Tina was squeezing her legs together either to keep my cum inside her or because she was coming again at the thought of people watching her.
"Okay, okay. Let me catch my breath. Yes. Yes, I was turned on knowing that people had seen you naked and letting me eat your pussy," I replied.
Tina shivered as she reached over and caressed my face.
"Good."
"What?"
"Good. That means you won't mind if we just happen to forget to close the drapes once in a while. I kind of liked having them watch."
"I see. Would you like to have an audience a little closer?" I asked.
"How do you mean?"
"Would you like them to be in our bedroom watching us have sex?"
"Oh god!" she shouted shaking with an orgasm. "Would they be able to touch me?"
"I don't know. I would have to think about that. Of course, there are clubs where we could go..."
"Strip clubs?" asked Tina.
"Yes them too."
"What kind of clubs?"
"I guess you would call them sex clubs. Couples or singles get up on stage and perform for the audience..."
"Oh fuck!" shouted Tina. "Oh my god! Why... who... oh god!"
Tina was shaking in orgasm once again. She jumped up and ran to the bathroom, she still had a lot of me inside her. I just sat up and waited for her to return. Once she finished, she appeared and walked slowly back to the couch. Sitting beside me, she pulled my lips to hers. We sat there kissing for the longest time. Pulling away, she looked me in the eyes.
"Tell me about these clubs," she demanded. "And how do you know about them?"
Her eyes were squinted down to slits. I just chuckled.
"I have never been to one. Honest. There are several perverts who I work with that have told me about them. There are actually two close by. They both look like regular strip clubs but they only let couples in. And you have to have a recommendation from a member."
"How do you become a member?" asked Tina.
Her eyes were wide and her nose was flaring with every breath she took.
"You have to perform on stage. Once you have done that, then you are a member."
"Do you get paid to perform?"
"Good question. No." I left it at that. Let her ask the questions, is what I thought. I was excited that she was asking.
"How does the club stay in business?"
"They have a liquor license and there is a cover charge."
"How much of a cover charge?" she asked eyebrows raised.
"Ten bucks. But that is waived if you are going to be a performer."
"Do you know a member?"
She asked the big question.
"Yes."
"Have you been to this club?" She didn't sound angry.
"No. I haven't been to a strip club or any other sex club since we started going out. Even before, we were exclusive. Should I get a recommendation?"
Now it was her turn to sit and think. She searched my eyes, looking for her answer by what I was feeling. I just thought about football. Shaking her head, she looked down at herself. She was beautiful, in my eyes, what she thought of herself is what would drive this adventure. She hefted her breasts in her hands. Nodding, she then spread her legs looking at her puffy labia and her juices seeping out of her open vagina. She ran her fingers lightly through her pubic hair and frowned. Then she scrutinized her legs. She had beautiful legs. She nodded.
"What do you think of my ass?" she asked looking up at me once again.
"You have a great ass. Not too small, not too big. Smooth without blemish and oh so kissable," I answered.
"Thank you. But would other people like to look at it as I was being fucked?"
"I'm sure they would. You really don't notice people looking at you when you are out and about?"
"No, not really. I know some guys do. What have you seen?"
"Both guys and girls looking at your ass as you pass them. The guys stare, the women sigh and look back at their asses shaking their heads with disappointment on their faces."
"Really?"
"Yes, really. You are the most beautiful woman I have seen in a long, long, time. Since before we were going out together."
"Who was she?" Tina asked a scowl on her pretty face.
"My cousin."
"Which one?"
"Guess."
"Laura?"
"Yes."
"She is pretty. I like her ass. Is mine better?"
"Yes. Much. Even she said so."
"Have you and she... ever?" Tina asked meekly.
"No. Geez..."
"But you have thought about it, haven't you?"
I put my face in my hands and groaned. How do you tell your wife that you used to fantasize about your cousin? She was a half-year-older than I. She was spectacular looking.
"No need to answer, I got my answer when you covered your face. No, I'm not angry or upset about what you think about Laura. If you want I could feel her out about having sex with you?"
"What? No! God, no!"
"Okay, okay, we'll talk about her later. And thank you for giving me your honest opinion on my body. I think the same thing about you. You are the most handsome man that I know. That first time we met, I was so close to gushing in my panties. Then when you asked me to the Student Union, I did gush. I sat there, with my panties all soaking wet while we talked."
"Why haven't you told me this story before? I too was... well I wasn't gushing but my cock was hard as a rock just sitting across from you. And all I saw were others looking at you with lust in their eyes."
"What? Why is this the first I'm hearing about this?"
We both started laughing. Then Tina was kissing me hard. Her hand was on my cock, squeezing me hard. I groaned as I grabbed a tit and squeezed, not as hard as she was squeezing my cock, but harder than I had in the past. She groaned into my mouth as our tongues caressed each other. She pulled away from me, got up, and went around turning all the lights off but one. Then she opened the drapes. Wide-eyed I looked up at her as she straddled my hips. She was now facing the window.
"I'm going to fuck you and I don't care who sees us," she said sliding down on my hard cock. "Oh god, you are hard and bigger."
I just groaned as her wet pussy slid down my cock. Then she was fucking herself on me. Her head was thrown back, her eyes were closed as she bounced up and down on me. Her head came forward and she was looking down into my eyes.
"Is anyone watching?" I asked.
"I don't know. Should I look?"
"It's up to you."
Nodding she raised her eyes to look. She gasped as she did. She didn't look back down at me. She just stared out the window at whoever was watching.
"How many?" I asked softly.
"Six. Six couples," she gasped. "Oh god, they can see my tits bouncing. They know I'm looking back at them. Oh fuck, I'm coming so hard."
I could feel her pussy grip me in a death grip as she still bounced on my cock. I was almost there.
"I'm almost there, sweetheart," I said.
"Yes," she hissed bouncing even harder. "Me too."
"Fuck!" I yelled as my cock grew with the pulse of orgasm.
"Christ! I'm coming," Tina shouted. "Fill me up sweetheart."
I did. When I was finished, Tina actually stood up, letting my cum stream from her pussy down on to my slowly softening cock. She looked so sexy with me dripping from her body. She then reached over and pulled the drapes closed collapsing down on my cum cover crotch.
"Oh my god, that was so sexy, having all those people watch me fuck you. God! I'm still coming just thinking about them watching."
"Would you want them to fuck you too?" I asked hesitantly.
"No. I only want you to fuck me. No. No."
She shivered with another orgasm. I didn't say a word. We would talk about this later, just as we would talk about my cousin. I wasn't all that turned on thinking about her with a different cock inside her nor was I turned off. She evidently was though. We sat there, her pussy dripping my cum onto me and her kissing me with more passion than she ever had. My cock was soon at its full, fat, length, pushing against her opening. She sighed as it slipped inside her. This was the first time I had ever felt her full of cum. She had always cleaned up after I came inside her. Even if we fucked all night, she would clean up between sessions. I moaned at the feelings shooting through my dick.
"You like me full of cum?" Tina asked.
I looked into her eyes. She wasn't smiling, just looking curiously at me.
"It feels different, but yes, I like the feeling. I don't know how I would feel if it is another man's cum though. That might be a bit much."
"Would you eat me out right now?" she asked shivering.
"Would you like me too?" I shot back at her. I wasn't too thrilled about doing it, but it was my cum. I had tasted it on her lips pretty often after giving me a blowjob.
"Yes or no," she shot back.
"Not really. But, since I love you, I would if you want me to."
She just stared at me panting as she slowly fucked herself on my cock.
"Will, you please, just this once?" she asked.
She just stood up on the couch. Her sloppy pussy was right there in front of my face. I sniffed. I smelled her and me. Slowly moving forward, I touched her labia with my tongue. The taste was bland and salty. I could still taste her. She was always delicious. I pulled her pussy to my face and started to lick her pussy. I didn't swallow any of her or myself. Maybe later that might happen. Tina was shaking with a huge orgasm. Everything was now running down her legs. I just kept licking her pussy. Every time I flipped my tongue across her clit, she grunted deep inside and shivered.
"Enough please stop," she said softly.
I pulled back from her, collapsing on the couch. Tina dropped to her knees, grabbed my head, and kissed me. She licked both our juices off my face. She was still coming, one orgasm after the other. My cock was still hard as a rock. Tina's hips started to jerk and I was inside her once more.
"Oh fuck, yes," she shouted. "God, I love you so much."
"I love you too, sweetheart."
"Even if I wanted you to do that after someone else came in me?" she asked, surprising me.
"That will never happen. I'm okay with sharing you with other's eyes, but no one but me gets to touch your body. Got it?"
"I do. I do."
She was coming again, hard.
"But you would like to get fucked by someone else?" I asked.
"I have only ever fucked you and until you asked that question, I have never, ever thought about anyone else, honest. But now... well, now I can't get it out of my head. Yet I'm glad you made it clear that it would never happen. I will not break my marriage vows for a piece of strange."
I just nodded as she kept fucking me. And it was her fucking me this time. She set the pace and how hard my dick went up into her. She was fucking me fast and hard. I just sat there looking at her wonderful body and enjoying the feelings shooting through my dick. Her pussy was on fire. She would be so sore tomorrow or maybe not with all the lubrication in her.
"So, would you like to do this at the club?"
"Oh fuck! Yes. You?" she replied gasping.
"Yes. Should I get us an invite?"
"Will your perv buddies be there?"
"I wouldn't bet against it," I replied.
She screamed in ecstasy.
"I'll set it up," I said.
She screamed once again.
"When?" she asked pounding her cunt down on my cock.
"Saturday night okay?"
"Yes," she hissed.
She slammed down on my cock one final time as she came and came and came. I was almost there but not quite. She pulled off me kneeling beside me and lowered her mouth to my slimy, cum drenched dick. She moaned as she took me deep. I was almost in her throat. I started to cum as she pulled up so just the tip was in her mouth. Tina swallowing as I filled her mouth. When I stopped coming she pulled off, licking my cock clean. Then she licked my balls clean.
"You taste so good with me mixed in there."
Tina sat there leaking on the couch staring me in the eyes. I just smiled at her.
"What, you didn't like your taste with me mixed in?"
"I love you, sweetheart," I said softly trying to avoid the question.
"I love you too, sweetie," replied Tina nodding.
"I think we will need a new couch," I said as I stood looking down where I had been sitting.
"Looks like," replied Tina.
We took a shower together. It was fun as always. Then we cuddled up in bed and fell asleep.
~~~~ SOTW ~~~~
It was Friday evening just after dinner. Tina and I hadn't talked about tomorrow night or her sudden liking to show herself off or my liking to show her off. As we sat on the couch watching the evening news, Tina cuddled up to me. She sighed as she grabbed my arm, pressing it against her breast.
"So, did you get us a..." she started.
"I did. I talked to... well, I talked to the man who is a member of the club we will be going to tomorrow."
"What else did you find out?"
Tina knew me so well. Charlie and I had a long talk on Thursday evening as we sat in the bar across the street from work. I wanted to know everything. I found out more than I really wanted to.
"A lot," I said. Tina was looking at me expectantly. I guess she wanted to know what I knew. "We, you, don't have to perform on our first night unless you want to. You may also perform alone if you wish. You can also perform with any established member you would like, male or female. But you know my feelings about males."
"Does that mean you would let me perform with a female member?" Tina asked looking at me strangely.
"I don't know. I have never thought about you with another woman. I will have to think about that."
"Anything else?" she asked.
"The guy I work with and his wife will be there Saturday. As they are vouching for us, they kind of have too. You don't really know them but they know what you look like from the picture on my desk. Gail, his wife, is in the office a lot, as she works two floors up for a different company and Charlie brought her over to introduce her. She thought you were beautiful. I think she has the hots for you."
"What does she looking like?"
"She is about your age, maybe a year or two older. Blonde hair, blue eyes, pretty face, nice body."
"You looked at her body?" Tina asked giggling.
"I did, she was standing right in front of me," I replied smiling.
"Anything else?"
"No, just that Charlie expressed a desire to, you know, if I would let him be up on stage with you, performing."
"Oh my god," she replied.
"He also said his wife had the desire to perform with you."
"Oh god," Tina said softly choking a little.
She didn't look disgusted by the thought of having sex with another woman, just surprise to hear another woman would want her that way. She looked away from me, staring at the TV not really seeing what was on. I watched her as her hand slowly moved down to her crotch. I watched her cup her vulva. She looked over at me and quickly pulled her hand away from her sex. I just smiled at her.
"I need you," she croaked grabbing my hand as she rose from the couch.
"Okay, okay. Here in front of everyone or in our bedroom?"
She groaned and shook, almost falling to the ground. She looked up at me shaking her head.
"Bedroom! I want you to do things to me that you have never done before and for the first time I want it just for us," Tina said trying to drag me to the bedroom.
I went with her, willingly, wondering what she wanted me to do that we hadn't attempted yet. There were a couple of things that came to mind that we hadn't tried yet. Anal for one. She had said that she wasn't a virgin back there, but that her memories are that it was painful. She also hadn't tried deep throating me. I didn't want to hurt my wife but if she wanted to be able to do the entire nine yards, then I would take her through the fundamentals.
"Okay, my dear. Just what do you have in mind, sweetheart?" I asked.
"Anal, deep throat, and some light bondage," she said as she led me down the hall to our bedroom.
I was surprised by that last one, but I could see how that might be a turn-on for the audience. We arrived in the bedroom. Tina actually tore her pajamas off her body, leaving marks where she had to really pull on them to tear them. I just looked at her. She picked up the PJs and tossed them to me.
"Tie me up in such a way that I can't stop you from doing whatever you want to me. Also, gag me."
"Do you want a safe word?"
"No. I will give myself to you to do whatever you want. The only condition is that you don't kill me."
"So, if I want to take a knife and carve my name in your skin, you're okay with that?"
"If that's what you want. I am yours to do with as you see fit. Without worry about what happens afterward as I have given you my permission. So, if you want to mark me so everyone knows I am yours and only yours, go right ahead. I will accept that and try to enjoy the pain you will inflict on me."
I just stared at her. Suddenly, I couldn't reconcile whom this woman standing in front of me was. Had someone abused her at some point in her short life? Someone she loved? Someone she thought who loved her?
"Come here, sit beside me," I said.
She quickly came and sat beside me. I put my arm around her shoulder. She shivered as she put her arm around my waist.
"Who abused you?" I asked softly.
"No one..."
"Tina?" I interrupted her.
"Fine. Oh god. I had a boyfriend in my freshman year of college. When I told him he couldn't fuck me, he raped my ass and mouth. He tied me up and told me the only way I could keep my cherry was to let him fuck me in the ass and mouth. After that first night, I told him I never wanted to see him again. My brother had to beat the shit out of him before he would leave me alone."
"What was his name?" I asked.
"Peter Hall," she replied.
"I know that asshole. I see him a couple of times a year at conferences. Next time I see him I'm going to beat the snot out of him."
"NO! I don't want you going to jail because of him."
"Oh, I won't. He won't even know it's me."
"Then what good does that do?
"Maybe it will make him think of all the women he has done something like too and wonder how many more times he will be beaten up."
"That's a thought," Tina replied nodding and raising her eyebrows.
"Okay, what do you really want me to do to you in front of others?" I asked.
"I guess just tie me up so I can't stop you from fucking me wherever you want."
"Do you like anal sex?"
"I don't know. It was just that one time and it really hurt. I know from talking to friends that it doesn't have to."
"It shouldn't. Okay, I will go slow and easy tonight and any night until you are familiar with what happens and how to keep it from hurting. Now, the deep throat?"
"The only time was with Peter and he forced his dick into my throat. It really didn't hurt, much, it just made me throw up, which made him mad at me. I puked on his shoes." Tina giggled at that.
"Okay, nice and slow with that too. If we perform tomorrow, we will keep to normal sex. I will fuck you and you will fuck me. We will suck on each other but you don't have to deep throat me."
Tina shivered at the mention of what we could be doing in front of a room crowded with strangers. It turned me on thinking about her being naked in front of them. Tina moved to the middle of the bed and put her arms up and spread her legs. Smiling I moved, putting my face above her pussy. She sighed as I licked her from asshole to clit.
"Oh god," she groaned.
"Turn over," I ordered.
She looked at me but turned over. I pulled her butt cheeks apart. I quickly put my face between them and licked her asshole. She cried out in shock but didn't say a word. I continued to lick her asshole. After a second or so, she was moaning with pleasure. I pushed my tongue against her hole. She jerked as it slipped in a little but didn't pull away.
"That's actually quite nice," she said pressing her ass up into my face.
Her ass was now extremely wet from my slobbering on it. I pressed my tongue into her farther, as far as I could. She groaned with pleasure. I pulled away and licked my middle finger getting it nice and wet. When I pressed it against her asshole, she grunted. I don't think it was a grunt of pain, just shock. Her ass was so wet now that my finger slipped right past her first sphincter. She moaned as it did.
"That's not so bad," she said not moving.
I press into her slow and easy and soon had my entire finger inside her. She was moaning with pleasure as I wiggled it inside her ass. Slowly, I pulled it out of her, then just as slowly pushed back inside her. She moaned as I did. I was smiling now. Pulling back, I licked my ring finger. Then slowly, I pushed two fingers into her.
"Just relax, sweetheart," I said just as both fingers popped inside her.
"Oh god. Just a little pain as you stretched me there."
I stopped pushing. She sighed and I could feel her ass relax. I resumed pushing into her slow and easy. When I had both fingers inside her to the hilt, she growled.
"I'm coming. Oh, god I'm coming from you finger fucking my ass. Oh, god," she cried out.
I pulled out slowly. Then pushed in just as slowly. After a short while, I sped up my fucking her asshole. She started to cum again on the third push into her. Soon I was slamming both fingers inside her.
"Oh fucking hell," she almost screamed. "If I had only known it could be this good with you."
I spit in my free hand and lubed up my hard pulsing cock. When it was dripping with my saliva, I pulled my finger out and pressed my cock against her asshole. She turned her head looking up at me.
"Do it. But take it nice and slow please," she ordered.
Slowly and as gentle, as I could I pressed my cock against her asshole. When it popped into her, she cried out.
"A little pain there," she said. "But keep going."
I pushed gently. I slipped in a little farther. She grunted a little. Then I was past the second sphincter. Yipping a little, but she was nodding her head for me to continue. Pushing slowly, I stopped when I was just inside her. She sighed then.
"Okay. Wait, just a minute, okay?" she asked.
"Everything is up to you. So I will wait until you tell me to continue," I replied.
"Press into me more, please," she said.
I press against her only going another quarter inch or so. She sighed.
"That feels good. Pull out slowly."
I pulled out, slowly. She groaned the entire length of my cock. I didn't pull all the way out. Just until I was almost out.
"Okay, fuck me. Fuck me hard," she shouted.
I could see her shiver and shudder as she told me. I pushed into her a little faster this time. She shook even more.
"No! Fuck me," she almost shouted.
So, I did. I slammed into her asshole as fast and as hard as I could. She screamed. I didn't know if it was in pain or pleasure or both.
"Keep going," she said shuddering under me.
I slammed into her over and over. She was slamming her ass back up at me as I fucked her.
"Oh fuck that feels so good. Keep going, darling," she shouted.
For the next fifteen minutes or so I slammed into her asshole fast and hard. She was now having one orgasm after the other. I was finally there and slammed into her one last time. My cock pulsed as my semen shot up my cock to coat her insides.
"Holy shit! You are stretching me out so good. That feels wonderful. Fill me up with you hot cum, baby."
When I finished filling her ass, I rolled to her side. She was face down with her head turned my way.
"I love you," she said softly.
"I love you, too," I replied.
"If only I had known."
"Why didn't you ask?" I asked.
"I don't know. I'm so sorry."
"Why are you sorry? I have enjoyed your pussy a lot over the year. I really didn't need to fuck your ass until you wanted me to."
"Oh my god, you are the best husband in the entire world. I have to go," she said jumping up and heading for the bathroom.
I got up also so I could clean my cock. We finished in a few minutes and were once again lying next to each other. We were looking into each other's eyes, both of us smiling.
"That was really exciting. Will it be like that every time?" Tina asked.
"That depends. It should be, yet the first time it hurts may put you off of doing it again," I said.
"Really? I don't think it will ever hurt again unless you get careless or are in a rush."
"I will never be in a rush or careless with you. I don't want to hurt you, ever."
"But you will tie me up?" she asked.
"If you want me to."
"But will you get excited doing it?"
"I don't know. We will have to try it some night when we have the time."
"We don't have the time now?"
"Not really and I think we better hold off on teaching you to deep throat until after tomorrow night." I winked at her.
She shivered at the mention of tomorrow. Her eyes closed at the thought of being naked and having sex in a room full of strangers.
"All right, I will forego any more of your teaching me. But, I really want to learn how to deep throat you. I love you and from what I understand men love when a woman can take them down their throat."
"And where did you hear that?" I asked not really caring, just wondering.
"From other women. Young women. It seems that most women lose the desire for sex, as they get older. I really hope that I don't. I love having sex with you."
"I see. Okay, next week we will work on me fucking your throat and tying you up so you can't stop me from doing anything I want. Okay?"
"Yes," Tina hissed. "And don't worry, I trust you."
"I know you do, but we will have a safe word, just in case you get frightened about what is going on."
"Okay. You know I love you."
"I do and I love you, too. Now let's get some sleep.
"Goodnight, dear," said Tina.
"Goodnight, my love," I replied as we cuddled up.
We were asleep within minutes.
~~~~ SOTW ~~~~
It was Saturday. We were waiting at the club in the foyer for Charlie and his wife. They were already here and one of the people up front went to find them. After about five minutes, Charlie and his wife came into the foyer. His wife was beautiful. Not as beautiful as my Tina, but she was a looker and I wondered how Charlie had won her heart. None of my business, but I wondered.
"Hey, Brad," he yelled when he saw me. "You made it."
"Of course I did. You had doubts?" I replied.
"I always have doubts until I'm proven wrong. Life is so much easier that way. For me. Let me introduce my wife Gail. Gail, Brad, and his wife..."
"Tina. Nice to see you again, Gail."
"Yes, very nice to meet you, Gail," Tina said her voice shaking a little.
"Oh my, you are a very beautiful woman, Tina. Nice to me you. I look forward to seeing more of both of you," Gail said.
Gail pulled Tina into her arms, giving her a gentle hug. Charlie and I shook hands.
"Well, let's go inside and I will explain what will be happening tonight," Charlie said grabbing Tina's hand. Gail took mine and pulled me after them.
Charlie led us to a small alcove in what looked like a regular club somewhere downtown. There was no stage or place for us to perform. As we all finished getting situated, Charlie raised his hand. A waitress appeared at our table. She took our drink orders and left. We made small talk until she brought them to us.
"I'll get this round buddy," Charlie said handing the waitress a ten-dollar bill.
I could feel Tina shivering next to me. Gail reached out and placed her hand on Tina's.
"The first time you will feel that it is the worst thing in the world, yet you will feel so excited that you will faint at least twice while you and Brad perform on stage. After that, it will be the most exciting thing you can ever do and you will want to do it over and over."
"Oh god," croaked Tina.
"Okay, here is how this works. The stage is in another room. Once you go in there, you must disrobe. There is a huge bed in the middle, its round. The seats in there gradually rise so everyone has a good view of you or the TV screens..."
"Oh god," said Tina.
"The entire thing will be videoed... not to worry, it will never be released on the internet. It is only for viewing here, at the club. There are rooms around the outside of the theater where you can watch any video made here. Oh, one other thing, no cell phones or cameras allowed in the theater. You will have to place them in a lockbox at the entrances. There are sensors in the theater that can see them. Also, cell phone jammers in there too. Cameras, if you get caught with one it will be confiscated before they cancel your membership. Clear."
"Yes," I croaked.
"Nervous?" Gail asked.
"God, yes," Tina almost shouted.
"Yes," I replied softly.
"Have you ever been watched before?" Gail asked.
"Yes. A week ago, we forgot to close the drapes and everyone watched Brad strip me naked and eat me out. I looked up, saw the drapes open, and had one of the biggest orgasms of my life. Later that night I opened the drapes and fucked Brad on the couch, where everyone that wanted to could watch. I counted six couples watching. We live in an apartment."
"And since then?" asked Gail.
"No. We have been waiting for tonight so once we start we won't care who is watching. Although I will watch the watchers, watch me," said Tina giggling.
"You will do just fine my dear," Gail said laughing.
Then there was a woman at our table. She was very pretty.
"Excuse me, Brad, Tina?" she asked.
"Oh, dear. Yes," Tina answered.
"If you would come with me, we have a few forms to fill out before the entertainment starts tonight," she said smiling. "By the way, I'm Betty.
"Okay, Betty," Tina said rising from her seat.
I rose also and took Tina's hand as Betty led us to an office in the back. Once seated she took a file folder and handed it to Tina.
"Please, read what is inside and sign where indicated. I will give you a synopsis of what is in there. The first form deals with you agreeing to perform for us and that you are doing it of your own free will. The next one is that you will not hold the club for damages unless there was a lapse in security or some accident that was caused by negligence. Standard stuff. The next form is granting us the right to video you while you perform. The next is that you will allow us to run the videos only on the premises. The next is that if they ever get out on the internet that we will be responsible and do everything in our power to have them removed. The last is that you promise to never release them on the internet unless you have our permission to do so."
Tina handed me the forms and I started to read. Tina just watched as I did. I found no 'gotchas' in them, so I signed where I should. Tina then took them back and signed also. She handed them back to Betty. Betty smiled.
"Would you like to see the theater?" asked Betty.
"Yes," Tina croaked. I just nodded my head.
Betty stood, turned around, and opened some drapes behind her. She waved us over. Tina gasped when she saw how many seats there were. I just grunted at the scope of what I was looking at. It was a theater in the round.
"The stage does rotate, so everyone will get a good look at your two," said Betty. "The place used to be a theater in the round that failed. We were very lucky to get it before it fell in to disrepair."
Tina moaned as she stood there shivering looking out at the theater. I just grunted at what I saw. Looking up I saw an abundance of cameras. And TV screens.
"Will we get a copy of those forms before we go on stage?" I asked.
"Oh yes. You don't go on for a while. I will come find you when it's time," replied Betty smiling.
"I really need a drink, dear," said Tina.
~~~~ SOTW ~~~~
We were both at the bar. I was sipping a club soda as I popped a little blue pill in my mouth.
"What's that dear?" Tina asked.
"It's a Viagra, just in case my nerves get the better of me. Charlie slipped one to me in the bathroom."
"Oh! Are you having second thoughts?"
"No dear. But doing it here on that stage will be completely different than on our couch at home with the drapes open."
"I guess you're right. I sure wish there was a pill like that for women," replied Tina.
"There is. That scotch you're sucking down will do it if you don't overdo it."
"I guess I better slow down a little then, huh?"
"Maybe. But, you are still the best looking woman in this room," I told her to boost her courage.
"You're just saying that because we're married."
"Nope, Charlie told me he thought so too. Several other men also told me how lucking I was having such a beautiful wife when you were in the bathroom."
"Really?" she asked.
"Really. I will never lie to you as long as you never lie to me."
"Oh, I won't lie to you. I have never lied to you... except..."
"Except?"
"Well, there was a time, before we were married, that I danced one night at a strip club."
"Not telling about something before you we were married is not a lie unless I asked. Did I ask?"
"Not that I remember," Tina said giggling.
"Excuse me," Betty said. "It's time for you to go get ready. I'll show you where and how to get on the stage from there."
"So we will start out naked on the stage?" Tina asked.
"No, not if you don't want to. If you brought some other clothes to start in or you just want to start out with what you are wearing, is just fine. Follow me so you know next time, okay?" said Betty.
My nerves shot up to supercritical as we headed out. My cock was at super attention as I watched Betty's ass sway in front of me. Not that I would seek her out, but it was the Viagra and thought of my wife and me fucking each other's brains out in front of a crowded theater. Holy shit! Tina looked just as nervous as I felt. Betty showed us to a locker handed us a combination lock.
"The combination is in the envelope. Put your valuables and anything in your pockets that might get in the way or your clothes if you choose. This will be your locker after tonight so remember the number and the combination. A bell will chime to let you know when to go through that door over there that says stage on it. Just follow the tunnel and you will wind up on the stage. After that, you're on your own," said Betty smiling at us.
She handed me the lock, turned, and walked back the way we had come. I emptied my pockets putting everything in the locker. Tina just set her purse on the bottom. She smiled at me as I closed the door and slipped the lock through the handle on the locker. I clicked it closed, then put the envelope in my pocket. Tina nodded at me as we went to the stage door and waited for the bell to ring.
"I am so nervous, yet so excited my panties are already wet. How about you?" Tina asked.
"I'm nervous, yet my cock is so hard I can't wait to slam it into you."
"That's the Viagra talking," she quipped.
"Partly. But I am always ready to pound my cock into you. Anytime, anyplace it seems now."
I chuckled. She giggled.
"I hope they have lube out there?" Tina asked.
"I saw a bedside table with bottles on it, so I think they do."
"Good. I want you in my ass. I lovd when you fuck my ass last night."
"Good to know," I said smiling at her.
The bell rang. We both jumped at the distinct and soft sound. Reaching out I pulled the door open, letting Tina go first. As we, both walked to the circular bed in the middle of the stage there was soft applause. When Tina got to the stage, she turned, giving each section a bow. I just nodded, as I knew it was her most were here to see. As she bows to the last section, she pressed herself to me, arms around my neck as she pressed her hot lips to mine. And so we started, with a make-out session. I was soon feeling her up, squeezing her in one of my hands. She shivered and moaned as I did.
Reaching around her, I unzipped her dress. She moaned as I did. She was shaking, in anticipation now. I was just bursting with an excitement I had never felt before. I was about to put my wife on display to a crowd of people I didn't know, nor did she. When the zipped was as far down as it could go, Tina stepped back from me lowering her arms. The dress slid off her body slowly. I caught on her hard nipples. She smiled up at me as she just shook her shoulders causing the dress to float down to her ankles. She was naked now, except for a pair of black thigh highs. She looked gorgeous. The crowd gasped softly as she displayed herself for them.
Stooping down she picked up her dress, placing it at my feet. Kneeling on the dress in front of me, she unbuttoned my pants then pulled the zipper down. My pants dropped to my ankles. I was commando so my cock popped up almost hitting her in the chin. She giggled as she grabbed me.
"Kick your pants off," she ordered.
Smiling down at her I carefully pushed my shoes off, then stepped out of my pants. I pushed them to the side as Tina slipped off one sock then the other. She reached out and grabbed my hard cock.
"Oh my god, it's longer than I have ever seen you. You have to get some more of those blue pills, dear," she said smiling just before she slid my cock into her mouth.
My head went back as I groaned loudly. I was shaking like a racehorse in the starting gate.
"Oh god!" I shouted.
Tina sucked me all the harder and deeper when I yelled. I was now entering her throat as she fucked me with her mouth.
"I'm coming, dear," I said softly.
She slammed her mouth down on my cock so I was in her throat. She started to swallow as stream after stream of semen shot out of my cock. She pushed me away when she felt me stop. She was gasping for breath. I looked down at her in amazement.
"When did you learn that?" I asked.
"Just now. I love you so much, I wanted to be able to do that for you."
"Well, damn. It was just perfect."
I grabbed her hand and pulled her up to me. We kissed again. Pulling back from me Tina looked into my eyes.
"You ready to fuck the shit out of me?" she asked smiling.
"I am."
I was still hard as a rock. Tina turned and crawled up on the bed. She got in the middle, with her legs spread, arms out. I crawled to her.
"Do you want me to eat you pussy?" I asked.
"No, just fuck me. You can eat it later if you don't mind?"
"Sure, no problem," I replied crawling over her.
Reaching down she grabbed me, squeezing me hard. I moaned as she placed me at her entrance. I pushed into her. She let go as I slipped inside her wonderful body. Her head went back pushing against the mattress, her eyes rolled up into her head as a sorrowful moan escaped her throat. Holding myself up on my outstretched arms, I looked down at my wonderful, beautiful wife. I pressed against her pelvis, squishing her clit between us. My cock was pushing against her cervix, yet she wasn't trying to keep me from doing that.
"Oh, my, god, you are in me farther than you ever have been. Please move your cock so it's not pressing so hard against my cervix, it's starting to hurt a little."
Slipping myself up just a little, my cock popped off her cervix and pressed to the bottom of her vagina.
"Yes," she hissed as I pressed inside her all the way. "Now fuck me, hard and fast."
"Your wish is my command."
I pulled out about halfway, then slammed into her hard and fast. She screamed her pleasure to the auditorium. We both shook with pleasure. Then the bed moved. We both laughed. Pulling back, I slammed into her over and over. I had my head down watching her beautiful tits shaking on her chest. When I looked at her face she was looking up and back at the crowd around us.
"Oh fuck," she cried with her first orgasm.
"You really do like being watched?" I whispered in her ear.
"Yes," she hissed. "It turns me on so much having people look at me. Whether I'm just naked or having sex with you."
I shivered at her words.
"So, I guess you wouldn't mind if our next vacation is at a nudist resort of some kind?"
"Oh fuck!" she shouted. "Yes, I would love that so much."
"Good. I have become addicted to showing you off."
"Oh my god!"
Tina was having one orgasm after the other as I slammed into her. I was almost there, yet didn't want to come just yet. I slowed down so I was now making love to her.
"Oh god, no!" she shouted.
She pulled my lips to hers. We kissed for a long time. Pulling away from me a little, she looked deep into my eyes.
"Roll to your right, I want to be on top," she demanded.
"Sure, honey," I replied rolling.
She followed me, never letting my dick slip from her pussy. She sat up straight as she settled herself down on my cock. Her head went back, her eyes closed, and she moaned loudly as she started to jerk her hips slowly to and fro. I was just watching her face and eyes. As she calmed down just a little, her head came forward, her eyes opened. She screamed in orgasm as she saw all the people looking at her intently. I played with her nipples as she fucked herself on my cock. She was coming about every two minutes or so. Sweat was running down her face, down her chest, dripping on my stomach.
"Oh my god!" she said leaning back, hands on my legs.
Now everyone could see her pussy sliding up and down my cock. She was now going crazy with orgasm after orgasm. She finally just collapsed backward, my cock popping out of her pussy. Getting up I went to her to see if she was all right. She smiled up at me as she pulled me down on top of her.
"I want you in my ass now," she whispered.
Nodding, I reached for the tube of lube on the nightstand. Opening it, I turned back to Tina. She was now on her knees, head down, back arched. I pressed the open end of lube to her asshole and squeezed. She jumped at the touch of the tube, then shivered as the lube was squirted inside her ass. I hoped that I had squeezed enough in there so she was well lubed. I then squeezed some on my dick stroking it as I did to get it well lubed. I put the lube back on the nightstand, then moved up closer to Tina. We both heard comments from the audience... 'he's going to fuck her in the ass.' We both chuckled at them.
Pressing the head of my cock to her tiny brown hole, I slowly pressed against her. She moaned as I did nodding, which I assumed was an okay for me to continue. If it wasn't then we would have to work on our communication skills. It took a while, but the head of my cock slipped into her. She yelped as it did, yet kept nodding. It took a while, but I was soon into her ass to the hilt. It was very, very tight. It felt wonderful. I sighed as my pubic hair pressed against her ass and my balls bounced on her labia as we adjusted ourselves to start fucking.
"Okay, honey, I'm ready. Fuck the shit out of me as hard and fast as you can. Oh, god, I'm coming already."
Smiling, I pulled slowly out of her ass. She groaned the entire way.
"Here it comes, baby. Hard and fast."
"Oh god," she replied.
I slammed into her. It was the hardest I had ever slammed my dick into her. I was still stiff as a steel rod, thanks to Viagra. I slammed into her over and over as fast as I could. Tina was going crazy with lust and orgasm. She was looking up at the audience as the bed turned giving everyone a great view of her. I looked up every once in a while too but soon looked back down at my lovely wife as she was crying out in orgasm. As I pounded into her, I wondered how many she has had. Next time I would need to bring a counter so I could keep track. I think it would be hot to know how many she had.
"I'm going to cum, sweetheart," I shouted.
"Go, go, go. Fill me up, babe," she shouted back.
Slamming into her one last time, I let loose. Stream after stream of my semen left the end of my dick. It actually hurt as it forced its way out. Tina was shaking her head, hair flying, screaming her passion to the room. I pulled out of her slowly. She was crying with joy as she flopped onto her back, legs spread obscenely.
"Eat me now," she ordered.
I could see my cum seeping out of her vagina. I knew she really liked me to eat her when I had cum inside her. I pushed my face against her sex. She tasted delicious as I pressed my tongue inside her pussy. I ate and ate and ate her. I was in no hurry to stop or to finish this night of amazing sex.
"Enough, dear, it's starting to hurt," she said softly.
I pulled my face away from her sex, climbed up next to her, and lay beside her. She sighed, looking into my eyes.
"Thank you, darling," she said pressing her lips to mine.
We both jumped at the applause that started as the bed stopped. We both sat up looking around at the faces in the theater. They were all smiling. Some of them were even naked as their partner played with them. I was still so hard though that it was starting to hurt. But I had a couple of hours before it would become serious enough to go to the hospital. Tina leaned over and cleaned my cock off with her mouth. Another cheer rose from the audience.
Betty was then standing beside the bed, her clothing was a little rumpled and she had a huge smile on her face.
"Gather your clothes and I'll show you to the showers and such," she said.
Tina and I got out of bed and picked up our clothing and shoes. Betty winked at us heading to the door we came through. She showed us to the showers. Tina and I showered. I washed her. She washed me. Smiling we dried off and got dressed. I didn't know about Tina, but I needed a drink.
"Come on let's go get a drink, a nice strong one," said Tina.
I just nodded at her as we went out into the club proper. Charlie and his wife were waiting for us as we came out the door.
"That was the most exciting thing I have ever seen," said Charlie.
"Now dear, don't exaggerate just because he is your friend," Gail said winking at Tina and me.
"I'm not. Of course, we have never seen ourselves up there, now have we?"
Gail giggled. Tina did too. I just smiled at Gail.
"Can't wait to watch you two up there," I said winking at Gail.
"Oh my. Next weekend, Saturday, at ten o'clock, be here. I would love to have you watch," Gail said shyly, turning a bright red.
I just chuckled. Tina giggled.
"We will," replied Tina.
For the rest of the night, Charlie introduced us to a multitude of people none of which we knew. At about midnight, Tina asked if we could go home, she was exhausted. I nodded. Said good night to Charlie and his wife and drove us home. Tina made a beeline for the bedroom while I checked all the doors and windows. When I got in the bedroom, Tina was on her side of the bed sound asleep. Nodding I quietly undressed and climbed into bed. I turned out my bedside light and lay my head on my pillow. I was asleep quickly. Just before I slipped into the darkness, I noticed that my cock was no longer hard.
~~~~ SOTW ~~~~
The next morning we were both in the kitchen sipping our coffee. Tina was watching me intently. I was just reliving the night before. I just couldn't believe we did what we had done. A shiver went up my spine as I looked up at my beautiful wife. She just happened to be sitting there naked in all her glory. The very first thing I notice was the sparkle in her eyes. And how could I miss the two hard nubs of flesh on her breasts? I couldn't. They were bigger than they usually were.
"What were you thinking about?" she asked.
"Last night. You?"
"What a wonderful husband I have, to let me do that in front of all those strangers."
"Yes, that kind of amazed me, too."
"Want to do me right here on the table so Old Man Richardson could see us? He's been looking over here for about half an hour."
"Yes, but no."
"Ah..."
"We need to talk about what we did last night, dear," I said.
"Okay. But will we be able to without fucking each other's brains out?" Tina asked giggling.
"I would hope so. I gather that you really enjoyed what we did?"
"I did. A lot. Did you?"
"I really did, while we were doing it. Afterward, I was surprised that I did."
"You didn't think that you would enjoy me last night?" asked Tina
"No, no, I knew I would enjoy you, just maybe not the situation."
"I see. And did you?"
"I kind of did. I kept my eyes on you most of the time. The few times I looked up, I saw things I wouldn't have believed if I didn't see them with my own eyes."
"Like what?"
"Well, there was a couple fucking in their seats. Then another where the man was eating out his partner. Things like that."
"Oh, yes, I saw them too. I really enjoyed watching them while they watched us."
"Me too."
There was a silence that hung in the air. The next question, we both knew what it would be. We were both anticipating the other to ask. When neither of us did, we both started laughing. Tina got up walk around to where I sat and plopped down on my lap when I pushed my chair back. She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me hard. I pulled her in close, kissing her back.
"So, when do you want to do it again?" Tina asked pulled her lips from mine.
"I don't know. You?" I replied.
"Gee, leaving it up to me are you?"
"Well, you are the one that really likes to be watched."
"That's true. I guess in a couple of weeks."
"That long?"
"Why, do you want to do it sooner?"
"No, I'm okay with your answer. But why don't we go next weekend and just watch? Maybe I'll eat you while you watch."
"So, you don't want to watch?"
"Of course I do. I'm a male, I love to watch people having sex."
I winked at her making her giggle. I did like watching attractive people having sex. I also wondered what we looked like having sex. I nodded my head as I got up carrying Tina to the bedroom. I set her down on the bed, looking down at her. I then went to my closet and got the camera bag.
"What are you going to do?" Tina asked harshly.
"I'm going to set up the video camera to film us have sex. I was wondering what we looked like. The only problem I see is that the bed doesn't turn like at the club."
"And what will you do with the video?"
"Watch it, what do you think I would do with it?" I asked looking at her.
Tina was rubbing her pussy hard. She didn't look like she liked my answer.
"What do you want me to do with it?" I asked.
"Put it on the internet," she growled rubbing herself faster and harder.
"You would let me do that?"
I was very surprised at what she said. My cock was instantly hard as I thought about all the people watching her getting fucked.
"I would," she croaked jamming three-finger into herself. "Oh fuck!"
She was coming hard.
"But what happens if your co-workers see it?" I asked.
She shook even harder then, jamming her three fingers into herself harder.
"I don't care... right now. Ask me again afterward."
Nodding I set up the camera. Made sure that she was in the frame. I watched as she plunged her finger in and out of her soaking wet pussy. I stared at her, wondering what kind of a monster I had created. We spent the next two hours just fucking and playing with each other's sex. Tina was still shaking with orgasm after orgasm as I went to the camera and pressed the stop button.
"Hook it up to the TV I want to see myself," Tina demanded.
Smiling at her, I did what she asked. I started the video. Tina gasped, as she appeared on our 40" flat screen, big as life. Looking at her, she was jamming three-finger into herself once more. I went and lay down next to her. I was hard as I watch her play with herself on-screen and next to me. Then I walked into the frame. I knelt between her legs watching her. She was looking up at me as I stroked my cock. She was so beautiful I couldn't help myself.
"Put it in," she said on the screen.
I watched myself move forward and slip my cock into her wet pussy. She closed her eyes and groaned on the screen. I groaned. Then I slowly move in and out of her. She moved her right leg so the camera could see my cock move in and out of her pussy. Now I'm not huge, but my cock is thick and long enough to push against her cervix. I watched her pussy cling to my cock on the outstroke. I was amazed the so much of her pussy would come out still holding onto me.
"OH MY GOD!" Tina shouted. "Look at what your cock does to me."
I just nodded as I watched the screen. Eventually, I was slamming into her body as hard as I could. Tina was almost screaming in ecstasy on the screen. She was screaming as she had almost her entire hand shoved up inside her vagina.
"Don't hurt yourself," I said kissing her cheek.
"This doesn't hurt."
"It might afterward."
"Fuck," she cried pulling her hand from herself.
Reaching over she grabbed me with her slippery, wet, hand. I groaned as I looked back at the screen. On-screen Tina was moving onto her knees. I was guiding her so the camera would be able to see my dick slip into her. We both moaned on screen and in bed. On-screen, Tina was egging me on to slam my cock into her hard and fast. I watched it as I did. Again, her vagina was holding onto my cock on the outstroke. Next to me, Tina groaned.
"Holy shit, you almost rip my cunt out of me," she said.
I gasped, as I had never heard her use that word before.
"Potty mouth," I said laughing.
Tina looked at me and then giggled.
"I guess I was. Shit, I love watching your cock turn me inside out. Look at that. No wonder you feel so good inside me."
I just nodded as I watched us on the screen. For the rest of the video, Tina just held on to my cock, bucking her hips. I could feel her orgasm each time as she squeezed my cock harder. I just watched us on the screen. We changed position several times. We ended up in the missionary position when I came inside her. When I flopped to the side, I stopped the video with the remote.
"Next time, pull out and cum on my face. I would love to watch that. In fact, next time at the club, every time you cum, I want it on my face," Tina said shaking with another orgasm.
I rolled between her legs and slammed my cock into her. She growled with passion as I hit bottom.
"Wait, set the camera up again..."
"No more sd cards."
"Shit. Okay. God, you feel so good inside me. Just press into me. Also, when you are ready to cum, cum on my face. I want to feel your cum on my face. Oh fuck," Tina shouted.
I was fucking her hard and fast. In my mind, I could see her cunt turning inside out. I was ready to come in next to no time. I pulled out and kneeling over my beautiful wife started to cum, on her face. She started to orgasm the minute my semen hit her skin.
"OH FUCK!" she yelled.
When I was finished, I squeezed the last drop out of my cock into her open mouth. She shook violently with an orgasm. Flopping down next to her, I kissed her ear.
"I love you, never forget that, Tina," I whispered.
"I won't if you don't," she said gasping for breath.
Reaching up, I smeared my semen all over her face. She shook with another orgasm as I did.
"You are kind of kinky," I said.
"Only since that night on the couch. Before that, I would have never let you do this to me. So, it's your fault for leaving the drapes open."
I chuckled as I looked into her eyes.
"I kinda like what I have turned you into."
"And what have you turned me into?" asked Tina.
"Well, let's see... an exhibitionist, cum loving..."
"Cum loving what?"
"Slut?" I asked.
"I'm okay with that, just don't expect me to go around fucking other men, you are enough for me."
"Okay. And I wasn't thinking that that's why I hesitated."
"I love you," said Tina.
"I love you too," I replied.
And so became our life together. Every third weekend we would spend fucking each other at the club in front of a larger and larger crowd. We videoed ourselves whenever the urge hit us, which was quite often. Tina kept egging me on to post a video of her on the net. I asked if she wanted her face to show. She looked at me for a long time. Shook with an orgasm and told me not for the first few. I nodded and we set about selecting which one to do first. She just said the first one we ever made. As it was my favorite, I edited it so as not to show her face or mine for that matter and posted it at xhamster. It was an overnight sensation.
Eventually, I set up a website to post her pictures to, with a private section that showed her face. When she saw what I had done, she actually stood next to me and shook in orgasm. Fully clothed, without touching herself. We charged an annual fee of $25USD. That first year we made a mint. We made so much money, I was able to buy our own server, so none of her private vids would leave the apartment. To this day, she is still out there on the web.
# # # The End # # #