this chapter is an experiment for me, with more exploration to come.
(All characters are 18+)
note: all chapters have been updated! nothing critical, but hopefully little fixes here and there that make everything flow better.
-Aed-
"One, two, three, push!"
We slam our shoulders into the metal door, but even with the strength of five, able bodied Mentors, it doesn't so much as rattle the hinges. One of us--Maverick, I realize as I turn to look at my crew in the semi-dark--swears under his breath. I can understand his frustration. We all can. No food, no water, and no way out. With every hour that passes, our strength continues to dwindle, as does our hope of escape. It's only a matter of time before we grow too weak to do anything at all.
With the most obvious strategy crossed off the list, we're forced to try a different approach.
"We'll conserve our energy for now," I suggest, grateful for the darkness obscuring my face. "Spread out, look for anything that might help us."
Not that we haven't already attempted that once already. But knowing the route of brute force won't work, we have no other choice. We'll just have to look harder the second time around.
My orders temporarily stabilize their confidence. The sounds of scuffling and scraping fan out in an arc around me, each Mentor taking to their corners without complaint. I wonder how long that will last as I search my end, hands patting down the floor and walls. Morale will hold until someone breaks discipline. And once they do, others will follow suit, each infraction triggering a hairline crack, spidering out until all of our hard earned solidarity crumbles to pieces. I just need to come up with a plan before that happens. Whatever we end up doing, we must do it together.
Minutes crawl by as we search every inch of the cell. With so little light to work with, the floor and walls blend into a uniform grey that makes it hard to tell where one begins and the other ends. By the time we reconvene at the center, we don't need extra visibility to know the look on everyone's faces.
"Nothing," Orla reports. The others echo her one after another, ending with me.
I breathe deep and exhale slow. "So what we have so far is a door that won't budge and walls with no weaknesses. No dents, no scratches, no windows or vents."
"Yet there is light," Vinca interjects from beside Orla. "Minimal, but it must have a source. With how smooth these walls are and the way they're angled, I'm willing to bet they're meant to be reflective."
She's right, of course. Based on what we've gathered, the room is definitely rectangular in shape, but the walls seem to tilt just a few degrees away from the center. It's a common enough method used within the city proper. Since sunlight is often weakened, our interior spaces are engineered to be as reflective as possible, optimizing daylight to cut down on neon costs. It also helps fight the usual assortment of deficits caused by lack of sun exposure. Seasonal depression is a real problem for Neonians.
I feel hope rekindling as the seed of Vinca's idea takes root. Rubbing my chin, I add, "And since we know that even the smallest hint of sun can light up a well designed room..."
We all look up at the same time. There's only one place we haven't searched yet.
"Who wants to be the lobby?" pipes Emeris, the fifth and final member of our crew. Without even looking, I already can picture that cheeky grin of theirs beaming in the dimness.
The question, of course, may as well be rhetorical. When it comes to height and strength, it isn't much of a contest.
I make my way over to the nearest wall, my hand outstretched. Once I feel my palm connect with the cool, smooth surface, I turn to brace my back against it and assume boosting position. In every single simulation of this high-rise maneuver, I have always been stuck with lobby duty.
"Alright, Vinca, you're up."
A shadowy figure, tall and graceful, rises from the group of crouching Mentors. Out of the entire crew, Vinca reminds me most of Jezia. Aside from being similar in height and build, there's also an edge to her demeanor, every word or action she chooses to express loaded with conviction. As she strolls nearer, I can just make out the curious set of her gaze, her skin a shade or two darker than mine.
Vinca is one of two Mentors here I've never shared a bed with. Mystery shrouds her as much as the darkness, her voice barely a whisper as she confides, "I don't care much for men, but Orla has told me so many intriguing things that I think I might enjoy teasing you."
And then she's placing her hands on my shoulders, her knee pressed against my chest and her right foot in my palms. She easily towers over me as I squat in position. What's worse, we're all wearing our Mentor uniforms and underarmour, so little is left to the imagination, even in low light. I swear she's nudging me harder than necessary with her knee, pushing me into the wall. A little smile tugs the corners of her face.
"Up I go then, big boy."
Heat crawls up my neck as I help hoist her up. I can feel her warm, firm curves smooshing against me as she climbs, her more intimate assets lingering suspiciously close to my face. Once her feet are squarely on my shoulders, I carefully straighten out and take a step forward, trusting she will use her arms to prop us against the wall, much like an old fashioned ladder. I inhale sharply as she bounces once atop my shoulders to test her balance. She shifts her weight a few times before announcing that she's ready. Her voice is somewhat muffled from facing the wall, her backward stance offering extra stability.
And to think this is just the beginning of what will surely be a long and mildly sadistic process.
It doesn't surprise me how eager my crew is to climb me like a tree and make me regret it every step of the way. I've kept them in the dark for half a year, dodging their questions and advances, and I can practically feel their puckish energy radiating towards me. There is a reckoning to be had. I suppose now is as good a time as any.
Not that I have much of a choice.
"Mav and Em, you're next."
Mav's lithe shadow rises and slinks up to me first, pausing long enough to plant his hands on either hip. He stares up slyly, his slim frame and ginger freckles obscured in the half dark.
"I guess this is finally my chance to be on top, for once," he teases, impish as ever.
Emeris comes up behind him and chuckles, "Naughty, naughty Aed, neglecting his friends and leaving them in such a tizzy." Then they kneel and offer Mav his first boost. "You can top us both, love, if it pleases you."
Simpering, Mav turns to run a slender hand down one side of Emeris's face. I remember how tender that hand can be, and I don't blame Em for shivering in pleasure. It's no secret that the two of them are smitten with one another, but Em's lack of interest in sex means that Mav must turn elsewhere for satisfaction. That being said, it doesn't stop the two of them from occasionally being in the same room as Mav gets his fill. Em seems to enjoy watching their lover's ecstasy unfold. They're an interesting pair, to say the least, and none of us can even claim it doesn't do something for us in return, the thrills of watching and being watched.
Em and Mav exchange what I can only assume to be an intense, passionate gaze, and then Em is lifting Mav up to my level. The agile redhead hops onto my hands with all the poise of an acrobat, and it forces me to remember how light and malleable he is between the sheets, able to bend in several, interesting shapes as we fuck away.
I ignore the heat intensifying in my face and propel him upward again, this time high enough to surpass Vinca's head. As he starts to fall back down, Vinca and I both brace ourselves for impact. Light as Mav is, he still causes both of us to grunt with effort when he latches onto Vinca's back. My knees buckle just a hair, but I keep us upright as Mav climbs up onto Vinca's shoulders.
"Can you see or feel anything up there, Mav?" I call out, the strain starting to reveal itself in my voice. Holding up two full grown Mentors is no walk in the Academy park.
There's a moment of silence, and then, "No, I can't feel anything. We'll need another."
Orla is already standing between me and Em, ready to be the fourth rung in our human ladder. Ruffling Em's sandy hair affectionately, she purrs, "I'm good, kiddo, no need for a boost. I've got plenty of practice climbing this tall glass of neon."
Even in the semi-dark, I can tell Em is making a face. "Gross," they hiss. "Don't ever tell me that kind of stuff again, sis."
I can't help grinning at their sibling antics, but Orla is quick to cut my mirth short. She gets close enough for her ample bust to crush up against me, blue eyes burrowing into mine. Being the oldest yet second shortest of the group, her nearness forces me to look straight down as she whispers, "And don't take me for an idiot, Aed. I know what's going on between you and that saucy little Outsider. We took bets on day one. The others are less happy about the outcome, but I've spent my winnings on a nice, new mattress, so I'll have to thank her personally when we get out of this shithole."
She tilts her head, her ponytail swaying. "I can understand you getting involved. What I can't understand is why you decided not to tell us."
Leaving me with that thought to chew on, she grips my shoulders and hauls herself up. The scent of her fills my nose, reminding me of all the moments of warmth and compassion we've shared throughout the years. Her lack of anger bewilders me, even as I hold up my palms on either side of my head, letting her plant her feet on them before lifting her higher. We've practiced these moves enough times that most of us could do it blindfolded. Which is convenient, given our current predicament.
Orla, ever the sage, wisest of us all. I used to wonder why she wasn't made leader instead. Now I know it's because she would do a better job keeping the group together, should something happen to me.
Eventually, I have to commit my remaining focus toward staying balanced. My breathing grows labored as Orla carefully climbs up Vinca next, then Mav last. I assume that the others are as wary as I am of something happening to Orla. It's dark enough that if she were to slip and fall, we might not be able to catch her in time.
It's a minor relief when Orla gives the signal that she's securely at the top, though we're far from being in the clear. For the next few seconds, the three of us concentrate on staying as still as possible while she feels around.
"The ceiling, I can feel it!" she relays, excitement bristling beneath the hushed tone of her voice. A surge of hope blooms in my chest. I can hear the sound of her hands smacking against the same, smooth surface over and over, until finally the metallic ring of a different surface blesses our ears.
"I think these are handles," Orla whispers. As she struggles to get a good grip on one of them, the rest of us groan with the force of her efforts bearing down on us. "Can't..." she gasps, her arms floundering. "Too far."
I nod to Emeris. "You're up, kid."
They nod back before turning around to walk away, creating the necessary distance.
As the others hear this, they brace themselves once more. I can sense Orla has grown still at the top, presumably readying herself to catch her sibling.
For a moment, all of Em's details fade from my vision, until they're just a shadowed figure in the dimness. And then they're zooming back into view as they barrel down on us at full speed. About six feet before impact, they tumble into a front handspring, somersaulting through the air and landing on my outstretched palms. I strain with the effort of holding their weight before launching them upward with all of my strength. I can tell that's the last stunt I'll be pulling off for a while; my arms and thighs are already shaking with fatigue. Thankfully, Em sails well past Vinca and up towards Mav and Orla. There's a heart stopping stretch of silence as I wait to find out if the others catch them. My confirmation comes in the form of weight crashing back down on me, as well as Orla wheezing, "Godsdammit Ems you need to lay off the scones."
I can hear Mav and Orla hauling Em up to the very top. While Mav may be the most dexterous amongst us, Em's strongsuit has always been endurance. Just as suddenly as the pressure of their weight slams down on our shoulders, it lifts again as Em's bare hands successfully latch onto the metal handles.
"Be careful," Orla whispers.
I listen with bated breath to the clink of palms against metal traveling steadily toward the center of the ceiling. I can just make out Em's compact form inching along, fingers and feet taking turns hooking into the handles. It doesn't occur to me until then just how large the room truly is.
The sooner Em comes back down, the better. I don't know how much longer I can hold up three Mentors, nor do I trust that once we dissolve our formation we can reassemble ourselves again without Em's help. So we stay put, our muscles weakening by the second. The fact that we haven't had anything to eat or drink for an indeterminate number of hours since blacking out does us no favors. I find myself urging Emeris to hurry up under my breath, the burn of exertion a painful reminder of the one time I pushed myself too far.
"Hey..." we hear Em mumble from above, "I think...I think this is some kind of door!"
Orla's breath catches as Mav and Vinca quietly cheer them on. "Can you find a way to open it?" I half-whisper, half-shout.
There's a series of light thumps and rattles before Em answers back, "It's heavy, but I don't think it's locked. Maybe if I can use my full weight..."
All four of us cry out for Em to hold, but it's too late. They've already loosened their feet to hang from their arms, swinging back and forth to pick up momentum. Everything happens too fast. Em is using the force of their body to build up power before slamming their feet into the trap door. One, two, three slams, each louder than the last. Then all of a sudden, the door is flying open and hands are grabbing Em into the light. We can hear them shouting and struggling before they disappear from view altogether.
"Em!" Orla screams, all subtlety abandoned. "Aed, we have to do something!"
I swear, but before I can answer her, another voice cuts through, echoing in the spacious chamber. It's at once sultry and terrible, the ring of danger slithering beneath it all too familiar. When I look up, I can just make out the silhouette of someone's voluminous hair blocking the light from the open hatch.
"Sweet baby brother," a woman calls down with a twinkle of laughter. "I wouldn't bother if I were you."
My voice dies in my throat. It can't be...it's not possible...
"....Amira?"
-Sebastien-
Dimension 1, Neonian. A Study in Grey, year unknown. Dirt on Dust.
The last stretch of walking is so dull I've resorted to amusing myself by cataloging our dismal surroundings. Jez has affectionately named it Purgatory. So far, I've come up with six different titles and mediums using the art gallery approach. I think I'll try zoology next.
There's a forced introspectiveness that comes with being surrounded by nothing. Granted, I could look at Jez instead, but if I even think of doing so I burn ten degrees hotter. So I don't.
Emotions roil within me. Every time I'm convinced I might have one figured out, another comes flooding in, painting a fresh layer of confusion. It doesn't help that beside me, Jez walks on as if utterly unfazed. I still can't decide if that's a good or bad thing. Knowing her, it's probably both.
After the first thirty minutes of internal struggle, I take a page from her book and decide that wrestling with my feelings clearly isn't getting me anywhere. So, I take to applying myself in the way I know best: studying. I stare at the fog, the sky, the faint trail of Fred's wheels indenting the dirt--anything to get my mind off of what transpired between us. If only the scenery wasn't so abominably devoid of distractions.
All it takes is a momentary lapse between comparing one shade of grey to another. And then my head is filling with memories of her crooked smile again, the sight of her as she straddles me before jamming the leather in my mouth, her warm, wet lips enveloping me as I lay helpless...
Lutum et pulvis...dirt and dust...of an ashy color...cinereus, cinerei, cinereo, cinerium, cinereo, cineree--
...or how she starts deep throating me into oblivion, until I can't help but explode in her mouth. And the way she swallows every last drop...
Seven gods in seven hells, talk about an exercise in futility.
By the time we reach our first mark, I don't think I've ever been happier to see the plain, mundane shape of a discporter lodged in the ground.
Standing side by side, we look down at the metal disc. Memories resurface of the one and only other time we traveled this way together. I remember her so clearly on that day. Long hair, strange clothes, an expression of complete, abject denial on her face. I knew the moment I saw her what she was. I just could not have imagined, even in my wildest dreams, how irrevocably she would alter the course of my future.
There has always been a plan laid out before me. A map of my entire life, from start to finish. Mother leaving, however, was the first deviation. Meddling with Aed, the second. But Father was able to course correct both times, shuttering me away behind mountains of academia as he bent the world around us to his will. He respun the narrative of his wife's absence, then pulled enough strings to yank Aed away from my grasp. If only he could see us now, a Scholar and an Outsider, working together to save a Mentor.
Jezia: the third and final deviation Father could not control. Should word of this ever get out, I hope he chokes on his morning coffee.
I look to Jez, the thrill of conspiracy buzzing through my body as we take our final step toward Xtown. "You know the drill," I grin at her, offering my hand. "Hold tight and keep still. We wouldn't want you missing an elbow by the time we get there."
Jez returns my gaze with a mischievous glint of her own. It makes my heart race, sharing this moment with her. I'm beginning to understand why Mentorship has always appealed to Aed. This feeling of being a part of something greater than just yourself, at the risk of losing not only life as you knew it, but the old you altogether, is terrifying, yet also intoxicating. And the best part? No matter what happens, you're not alone. Every obstacle, every threat that gets in our way, we face it together.
Jez's hand wraps around mine as she steps up onto the discporter. Her grip has changed over the years, as has mine. We hold each other with a conviction we lacked the first time around. It is a difference of intention, and of something greater that I don't yet dare name.
I push down and hold the center of the disc with the tip of my foot, until all three rings glow one after another with neon effervescence. As the mechanisms below us whir to life and blue light swallows us whole, I take one last look at Fred's solitary form against the grey landscape. If we make it back, I hope I have the privilege of hearing more of his jokes. I make a mental note to ask him to share some on our walk back to the city.
Then our atoms pull apart to blend with the light, until everything and everyone is just a bright white blaze.
We're coming, Aed. Don't do anything stupid,I plead silently before Jez and I dissipate into light itself.
-Jez-
Holy mother of shanty towns.
As the blue haze of neon fades from my vision, I am struck with the sight of such ordinary hustle and bustle that I'm convinced for half a second I'm back home. There are no robots on the streets, no hover cars, no high rises or the click-clack of self important Neonians and their shiny boots. Just people of all shapes and sizes walking around, going about their days. None of the buildings seem to be taller than two stories and every unit is painted a different color.
To me, it almost looks like a jam packed street of mismatching, overpriced apartment complexes in Los Angeles, tottering along the edges of crumbling sidewalks. Only here, cars aren't lined up so close that it's practically a one way street. Instead, the roads are flanked by tents, awnings, and vendors hawking their wares. It is the weirdest mashup of modern, urban living and something straight out of a Renaissance fair that I've ever seen.
Something about this incongruity evokes a deep sense of nostalgia within me. If I think hard enough, I can summon fragments of another time, another life. I was only six years old when I moved to the states, but the images of street markets packed with fish heads, leeks, and caged chickens still occupy a corner of my mind like so many colorful pieces of litter. I remember the sun blazing over my head, making the humid air so hot and sticky that my shirt always stuck to my skin. We walked a lot back in Thailand. There was always someone shouting, food sizzling, mopeds honking as they zoomed by. I often complained that it was too hot and begged Yai to pay for a bus ride, but she never gave in. She just told me to get tougher, because the world sure as hell wasn't going to cut me any slack.
Then one day, she surprised me by taking my hand and leading me to a bus stop. I almost couldn't believe my luck when she paid for our fare and let me keep the tickets. I spent that whole bus ride in heaven, enjoying the feeling of the air conditioning hitting my skin. When we got off, she hugged me tight and handed me my suitcase.
And then I never saw her again.
Brushing away the sting of ancient history, I focus my attention on the present. Of course, the biggest difference between Xtown and most cities back in my own dimension is the complete lack of transportation, public or otherwise. Aside from the occasional cart or wagon, I don't see anything that even uses wheels, let alone an engine.
The deeper we travel into the town, the more the absence of cars feels as unnatural as we must look to the locals, who are all wearing loose and colorful clothing. Sebs and I stick out like sore thumbs with our prim and proper city clothes. Though, I remind myself, they aren't nearly as attention grabbing as, say, underamour worn exclusively by Neonian Mentors. I pull at the sleeves of my lilac sweater, feeling self conscious in a way that I haven't in years.
No one outright harasses us, but the hawkers seem more enthusiastic when we draw near and dozens of eyes follow us wherever we go. I feel like a tourist abroad, my ability to pay double what I should as obvious as the opportunistic greed in their eyes.
I do my best to act natural.
As we meander past colorful stalls, Sebs catches me ogling some of the denizens and their wares. I feel a jolt of surprise as he gently holds my chin between his fingers. He pushes my mouth closed, then steers my head back to forward position. The warmth of his touch lingers, causing me to fight back an ocean of feelings.
"Keep staring like that and you'll find yourself attracting the wrong kind of attention," he warns, deadly serious.
I squint up at him. "This is my first time seeing real, live extraterrestrials, in the flesh. And you expect me not to stare a little?" I nudge my head towards one of the vendors we're walking by and whisper, "That guy has three eyes!"
Sebs clears his throat, suppressing a mixture of discomfort and amusement. "That guy is actually a woman, and with excellent lip reading skills no less, courtesy of her Orathien lineage. You'd do best not to offend the good lady."
Mortified, I try to turn around to apologize, but Sebs places a hand on my shoulder and pushes me onward. As always, he is firm yet gentle, his touch meant to guide rather than force.
"Don't look back or engage. She'll think you're making a spectacle of her and challenge you to a Snule to protect her honor."
I wait till we're well out of eyeshot of the three eyed Orathien before I hiss back, "What the fuck is a snool?"
He shakes his head. "Better if you don't know. That way if you do get challenged, you can claim ignorance and be shown a virgin's mercy." Noticing my glare intensifying, he goes on to explain, "It's a crass name for a basic courtesy upheld in most inter-galactic spaces. With so many people coming into contact with alien cultures for the first time, you can imagine how often accidental insults and taboos will occur. Hence, a free pass for first time offenders. Just don't offend a second time after the transgression has been made clear."
I don't need him to outline the rest. I'm not keen on finding out what an Orathien's idea of punishment would entail.
It's hard not to keep gawking at all the new sights, sounds, and smells, but with Sebs at my side explaining the foreignness as we go, it gets easier to hide my inexperience. Most of the inhabitants of Xtown seem human enough, but every now and then a gleam of iridescent skin or flicker of a tail catches my attention. I do my best not to make eye contact again with any more non-human species.
For a while, we wander the streets, finding our bearings. It almost starts to feel like a leisurely outing, until we notice that the sun is beginning to set. Vendors begin making quick work of packing up their stalls or securing their booths. It seems no one is eager to hang around once it gets dark, which is a good indication we should find somewhere safe to spend the night.
Sebastien tries to engage some of the vendors in polite conversation. "My wife and I just arrived in town and need a place to stay," he half-lies to a sour looking fellow with greasy skin and an unpleasant smile. "Do you know where we could find room and board?"
The man--or masculine looking person, as I am learning not to judge a book by its cover--looks us up and down, pauses on me, and then barks with laughter. A third eye flies open as he does, and I silently swear. Orathien. He jabs a finger in my direction and shakes his head. "Naicora ekoom," he jeers.
I glower at Sebs in confusion. Avoiding my eyes, he clears his throat instead, addressing the merchant once more.
"Be that as it may, we would very much appreciate your help." Sebs pulls out what appears to be a small, white square. I blink hard, unsure when or where he could have retrieved such a thing from his person.
Smiling amiably, he offers it to the stall keeper. It's barely bigger than a Cheez-it. "For your troubles, if you would be kind enough to show us the way."
The Orathien's demeanor changes instantly. He growls an order to a young assistant working in his stall, then gives Sebs a strange look before pocketing the white square. Stepping out from beneath his awning, he motions for us to follow. We oblige, of course, but not without a healthy amount of wariness. I hang behind them just a few steps, keeping an eye out for anything even remotely suspicious.
To the oily Orathien's credit, he doesn't lead us down any shady alleyways or shake us down for extra payment. Whatever the hell Sebs gave him seems to be more than enough compensation.
By the time we arrive at a lively looking establishment with a plank above the door that reads "The Bar," I'm hungry enough to eat a horse. Sebs and I peek inside to confirm it is, in fact, a bar, but when we turn around to thank the Orathien, he's nowhere to be found. Shrugging, I duck into the dimly lit building and Sebs follows close behind.
As soon as we're inside, the din of people chatting, eating, and singing drunkenly hits us like a sack of bricks. It's been so long since I've witnessed such a messy gathering of souls. It is chaos, reeking of unwashed bodies and lord knows what else, and it is utterly glorious.
Back home, I hated crowded places. But after years of suffering Neon's upper crust, with their hushed conversations and polite clinking of glasses, this dump is a breath of fresh air.
Sebs notices the considerable change in my mood. "What's got you in such fine spirits?" he asks, one eyebrow raised.
I leer at the seedy looking cluster of ne'er-do-wells and pints of what I sincerely hope to be ale. "The possibility of unhealthy food and terrible alcohol," I reply giddily.
He shakes his head, uncomprehending. "I can secure a room for us if you want to find an empty table." Giving the den a quick scan, he adds, "Or maybe just an empty-ish corner...whatever is possible."
I'm already waltzing out of earshot, squeezing past patrons and bartenders of varying species. It takes me a while, but I manage to push my way into a pocket of emptiness. It's just a small, rickety table flanked by a couple of stools, but it's good enough for two people who have been walking for hours almost nonstop. With a sigh of relief, I sink down onto one of the stools, wedging my backpack between my feet as I keep an eye out for Sebs. The sheer density of bodies has me overheating in my sweater, but I don't dare to take it off quite yet.
I feel strangely calm, all things considered. Maybe it's the crush of noise and strangers, allowing me to be the eye of the storm. Or maybe it's because I've expended so much of my rage and grief that there's no more emotion left to give. I just sit there, enjoying being still, taking in the seemingly endless wealth of diversity around me. So many kinds of garb, skin colors, and anatomical oddities--people watching has never been this rewarding. I marvel at how much this entire town is bursting with vitality. Nothing matches, at all, and something new lurks around every corner. Such a stark contrast to life in Neon, which is practically sterile in comparison. There are pros and cons, of course, to either. But for now, I simply relish the change in scenery, soaking up all the differentness around me.
In the midst of my idle musing, I think about Sebastien. He's standing by a burly individual with a great big mop of hair, evidently bargaining our quarters for the night. In hindsight, I realize that I never once balked at him lying about our marital status, or deciding on the more practical route of paying for just one room. I don't even know what kind of currency is accepted here. I can only assume not more of those white squares, or Neonian credit.
It surprises me how much I trust him...and how much I've come to rely on him again in less than a day. It feels so natural to work together, more or less like we have all these years at the Academy, that I no longer even question our camaraderie. It's second nature by now. Like breathing, or eating. He's just always been there, a constant fixture in my alternate life, ever steadfast and reliable. I suppose I took him for granted for a long time, lost as I was in my anger and loneliness. I was so convinced that I was nothing more to him than a useful commodity. It feels odd knowing that everything he did, he did because he cared.
And then, more unwillingly, I think about Aed.
My hands curl into fists of their own volition. I don't even notice until I feel the sharp sting of my nails digging into my palms. When I unfurl my fingers and look down, I see little half moon indents running across my skin.
I know that at the end of the day, his feathers will stay unruffled. I can feel it in my gut, as clearly as I sense something terrible is going to happen to him, assuming it hasn't already. It's less an emotion than it is a coalescing of a thousand shards of knowledge and experience, pulled together to form a blurry snapshot. I don't always know how or why, but I know what will or will not come to pass. Hewillnot succeed at his mission as easily as he had planned. And should we manage to track him down, hewillfind some insufferably level headed, wholesome way to move past my dalliance with Sebs. Knowing him, he may even welcome Sebs back into the fold because of it, or bring up the subject of his neglected Mentor orgies. My brain pretty much blanks beyond that. I haven't enough energy left to drum up even a half assed fantasy.
And I know what I will do. I will hunt him down, where ever the fuck he is, and I will chew him out from here to hell and back again. And then I will carry on loving him, because everything is better when he's around, and everything is thrice gone to shit when he's not.
Dammit all, that bastard better still be alive.
I'm so lost in my own thoughts that I don't even notice someone sliding onto the stool opposite of me. They cough, jarring me out of my reverie.
I know right away it's not Sebs. For one, this stranger is at most maybe three feet tall. For another, they're wearing a pointy hat and sporting a neat, white beard. I'm leery of assuming its race, but a rush of manic delight overcomes me. I know it's not possible. That my lifelong obsession wouldn't--couldn't--just magically manifest itself before me, and in some dingy dive bar, no less. But my god, if the creature sitting across the table doesn't lookexactlylike a garden gnome.
I stare at him while he stares at me. The silence grows painfully awkward. Sebastien's words of caution ring in my head, but eye contact has already been heavily made and the gnome shows no sign of leaving anytime soon. I open my mouth, only to shut it again several times before I manage to stutter, "H-Hello there...um, can I help you?"
At this, the gnome perks up. He stands to full height on the stool and leans forward, giving me a once over. His hair and beard are so thick I can only see his nose, which is round and bulbous, and rather than the colorful hues of its statuary counterparts, this gnome's leather clothing is a simple, unassuming brown. Honestly, he looks more like something out of a fifth edition DnD campaign than a Walmart catalog.
I lean backward in response, unsettled but also unwilling to offend another alien and use up my virgin's mercy. So I suffer through whatever analysis he's making, praying that Sebs finishes with his business sooner rather than later.
The gnome continues to say nothing. He just huffs once, ruffling the hairs of his mustache and beard. And then he starts to reach into one of his many pockets. Surely, I think to myself, he won't try to stab me in public, and to my immense relief he doesn't. Instead, he offers me something completely unexpected.
A chili pepper.
My jaw goes slack. Held between his stubby digits is one whole, perfectly formed pepper. Its slender body is about as a finger long and slightly curved, plucked at perfect ripeness and skin a bright, waxy red.
My mouth waters at the very sight. I'm hit with a barrage of memories, from my mother's tom yum full of kaffir leaves and galanga and lemongrass, to Yai's spare ribs dipped in limey, spicy fish sauce. I swear that it looks just like prik chi fa, the green and red varieties most often used in Thai food, but that would be a coincidence of astronomical rarity. How could he possibly know? Are gnomes in this dimension not only real, but mind reading chili pepper connoisseurs as well?
Whatever the case may be, I must have lied about the state of my emotions, because I can feel my eyes welling up again.
My voice hoarse with awe, I ask, "Is...is that for me?"
The gnome nods his head and nudges the pepper closer. Overcome with gratitude, I cup both my hands and accept it as if it were made entirely of gold. "Thank you," I whisper, sniffling as I admire it up close.
I'm mentally halfway through a list of recipes I could use the pepper for when I feel something wet and warm slide against my cheek. Stunned, I look up to find that the gnome is fully on top of the table. He's so close to my face that I can see the pores on his nose. And he justlicked me.
I'm reeling back when Sebs bursts forth from the throng of patrons. His hands are in the air as a clear message of cease and desist, his expression one of horror.
"No, no, no," he pants, getting in between me and the gnome, who has backed away in confusion. "Sir, this is--I'm so sorry, she had no idea. Also she's, uh, my wife...so...I'm afraid she cannot return with you to your collective as your mate."
My stomach drops when he says this. Mate?!
How does onefuck a gnome?
Against all odds, the gnome isn't angry or offended. He just looks at us for a moment, then breaks into a grin. "Ah, ah," he grunts, nodding his head. He points to Sebs and makes some weird gesture by pounding his fist into an open palm. Even though I have no idea what the fuck is going on, I don't like what he's suggesting one bit.
Sebs looks mortified, but before he can explain anything, the gnome turns to me. He grunts a few more times as he bows, seeming almost apologetic, and motions at the pepper.
"He wants you to keep it," Sebs translates. "It's his way of saying sorry."
"Sorry for what?" I blurt. "How do you even know that's what he's saying?"
Meanwhile, the gnome salutes us and then scoots himself off of the stool, tottering away into the crowd.
"Oh gods, Jez, there's no time to explain any of that," Sebs replies, pulling me up and away from the table. I barely have time to slip the pepper in my pocket and grab my pack before he's dragging me through the bar and up a flight of stairs.
"What the hell is going on?" I shout as I stumble behind him. I never see Sebs panic, and his panic is making me panic.
The second story hallway is like a never ending maze. By the time we get to what I assume is our assigned room, I'm starting to feel slightly buzzed. Only I never got around to ordering any booze...or did I? I'm having a hard time remembering.
I hear the click of a key and latch, right before my vision blurs and I feel myself careening backwards.
"Oh no, oh no no no," Sebs stammers, catching me as I slump against him. "Hold on Jez, stay awake. Stay with me. I'll get you help, just--shit."
I don't know why he's freaking out so badly, because I feel amazing. My sudden tipsiness has turned into a kaleidoscope of colors and sensations. I can feel his fingers against my skin, so warm and pleasant they give me goosebumps, as I watch the lights dance in front of me like a parade of fairies. I giggle at the thought of being surrounded by tiny, winged people.
"Come on, up you get," he encourages through clenched teeth. He's half pulling, half propping me up as we shamble through the door. We barely manage to fit past the frame.
"We're almost there. Just need you to lie down so your heart rate slows."
But then, as quickly as the high hits me, it disappears. And what's left in its wake is a terrible, burning need.
I'm gasping for air. I can't make sense of the fire that is consuming my body. It feels like every inch of my being is being roasted from the inside out. It's suddenly too hot, much too hot. I start pawing at my clothes.
"Wait here, I'm going to get help!" Sebs shouts before rushing out of the room again.
Hardly able to hear him through the roar of fire consuming me, I toss and turn for as long as I can stand before I decide I can't take it anymore. I don't know when he managed to get me on a bed and I don't care. I just focus on tearing off all my clothes, starting with the sweater and khaki pants. By the time I get to my underamour, I have enough wherewithal to peel it off carefully, but only just. I'm about halfway through shucking off my bottoms when Sebs barges back in.
"Oh gods," he sighs and runs toward me, "you need to keep that on, Jez."
"I'm suffocating!" I cry, struggling against him as he yanks the underamour back up to cover my underwear and hips. They're stretchy like leggings but infinitely more skintight, and it takes him considerable effort to pull them all the way up to my waist.
As soon as he's done, however, we both freeze. I've fallen onto the bed and he's in between my legs, arms on either side of me as we struggle to catch our breath.
I feel the intensity of the burning sensation double, pooling at my center.
"Sebs," I moan, "what's happening to me...?"
It seems to take him an eternity to respond. "The dwarf," he finally answers as he gazes down at me, winded from more than just his sprint up and down the stairs and wrestling my clothes back on. "His saliva...it's meant for one of his kind, but on a human it's ten times stronger. And you haven't eaten in the last hour, which means it hit your bloodstream even faster."
There's a huge thunk behind him, then an awful scraping sound. We scramble to rearrange our limbs into a less suggestive position.
"Will that be all for you, sir?" asks a tired looking individual. They look human enough, and between them and a second, even more exhausted looking human, sits a large metal tub full of ice. Neither helper seems eager to stick around for what's about to unfold.
"No, thank you, that will be all," Sebs replies, turning just enough so that I can admire his elegant profile against the amber lamplight. "Please don't disturb us for the rest of the night."
Something about the way he says this makes me shiver.
The motion brings Sebastien's focus back on me, even as the door slams shut behind him. I can see the torment in his pale eyes, though with every passing moment I am growing fuzzier and fuzzier as to why that is the case.
Without another word, he picks me up and carries me over to the tub. I cling to him as he lowers me ever so gently, easing my body into the ice. It's cold bite makes me gasp in shock, but with how hot my body has been running, the shock quickly turns into relief. I sink into the ice, no longer wanting to claw my own skin off.
"What happens now?" I ask him blearily. I know as well as he does that this can't be a permanent solution. I have all of maybe ten minutes before I need to leave the tub. I've learned as much about cryotherapy from my training with Aed.
Sebs looks at me for a moment, his expression unreadable. It doesn't occur to me why until his next words.
"I don't know," he answers, reluctantly but truthfully.
In all my years of knowing him, I've never seen this Scholar at a loss for a solution. He has always been hopelessly optimistic that way, a bit of trivia or insight forever up his sleeve. But now, for the first time ever, I am witnessing Sebs being totally stumped. Needless to say this does not bode well for my future.
I swallow, and then I ask, "Am I going to die?"
I can tell he wants to be honest. It burns in his eyes, his natural inclination to tell only the truth. But then something flickers in his gaze, and his demeanor changes. His voice hardens with resolve as he replies, "No."
As hazy as I feel, I still recognize that tone. It's the same level of assurance he offered me the first day we met. The confidence that I would survive, and that he would be there every step of the way to make sure I do.
Once ten minutes are up, he helps lift me out of the tub and back onto the bed. Bits of ice and water cling to me, slowly dampening the sheets. I still feel all woozy and tingly, and a part of me very much wishes for Sebs not to let go, but for the moment the threat of becoming a human bonfire is held at bay.
Up until now, I've been so preoccupied with Sebs and the tub and gnome saliva that I almost fail to notice a third person in the room. I hear them before I actually see them, their voice distinctly feminine. My eyes struggle to pinpoint where exactly they're hiding in the dimly lit space.
"Poor little bird," the newcomer coos.
I'm so afraid of overheating again that I suppress a knee jerk reaction to sit upright and scream. Instead I squint, barely able to make out the dark shape of someone seated in a shadowy corner. I glance to Sebs to gauge his reaction. He just looks vexed, maybe even a little ashamed.
"All drugged up on Swarven spit. So helpless, so vulnerable. So desperately in need of a cure."
As the figure rises and starts walking toward me, I feel myself tense. After the events of today, I'm expecting someone with too many eyes or ears. Or worse, a Neonian. Sebs sounded panicked enough to use his personal code for emergency assistance. And really, I wouldn't blame him if he did. Determined as I am to find Aed, I'm not sure it's worth dying in some random, shanty town tavern, and from being licked by a gnome no less.
As luck would have it, the day has not yet run out of curveballs. Because as soon as the stranger steps into the glow of lamplight beside me, I'm struck by their incredible, distinctly human beauty.
Standing at the edge of the light is a woman so lovely that it makes my chest hurt just to look at her. Waves of long, glossy midnight hair fall down to her waist, framing feline eyes, full lips, and deep, caramel skin. As she strolls nearer, I find myself mesmerized by the sway of her hips, her hourglass figure accentuated by the belt cinching her waist. She's wearing a dark blue workman's jumpsuit, but its plainness does nothing to diminish her divinity. She materializes into sight like some kind of Egyptian goddess, beautiful enough to inspire awe, ominous enough to strike fear. I don't know why, but I get the instant impression that she is not someone to be crossed.
The woman sees the look on my face and laughs, the sound low and seductive. Much to my own dread, I feel myself begin to heat up again.
"Oh, Sebastien, what a fortuitous day this is shaping up to be," she sighs wistfully. "So many birds with so few stones. I am a lucky, lucky woman, to have so many treasures fall right into my lap."
She stops at the edge of the bed. My skin prickles with her so near, close enough to touch. And god, do I want to touch. I am seized by the desire to run my fingers through her thick hair. To grab a fistful and yank her head back as I taste her luscious mouth first, then the smooth skin of her neck second. I want to find what's hiding beneath the drab fabric of her jumper. I want to fill my hands and mouth with her full, soft breasts, and then sink myself between her shapely thighs. A part of me senses the danger in the unfiltered potency of my urges, but it is fading rapidly into the background, usurped by blind, limitless hunger. Fire licks its way back up my limbs and I am increasingly too lost to care.
"Mmm," she hums softly, brushing the side of my face with her fingers. The simple gesture feels so good that I moan, desperate for her to touch me more. "What an exquisite thing you are, wasted on the likes of unimaginative Neonians."
She leans in, and I can smell the subtle, delicious scent of her perfume. "I'm going to enjoy curing you, little bird."
Sebs is suddenly at her side, pulling her back with more desperation than force. "Amira, stop. You're making her worse," he accuses, noting my labored breathing and slow, anguished writhing. "How can you possibly be sure this will work?"
Amira, aka beauty incarnate, simply cocks her head to one side and smirks. It is the loveliest, sexiest smirk I have ever seen in my life. "Because, dearest Sebastien, in low enough doses, Swarven saliva makes for a fantastic recreational drug. Sells for quite the pretty penny, too. The stuff accounts for at least a third of my profits every year."
I would be more upset if I wasn't so utterly turned on by the sound of her sultry voice. I feel like I'm an over tuned instrument, strings wound up dangerously tight, and everything she or Sebs does plucks a note of raging desire in me.
Thankfully, Sebs is upset enough for the both of us. "Don't tell me you're responsible for...for this!" he seethes, dropping his hand from her arm and shoving it in my direction. I've never seen Sebs so angry. It turns me on even more. Christ almighty, this needs to stop. Or does it? I have to admit I don't hate how I feel, only the fact that I might die...
"Me? Impossible," Amira scoffs. "I'd never use such a ludicrous amount when only a fraction would suffice. And I certainly don't need some smelly little Swarf to get it done."
She looks at me again with that sharp, appraising gaze of hers. "But I can see why he chose her. All of that potential, with none of the bullshit."
Sebs is about to ask her what any of that means when she bends over me, curtain of hair cascading down to block the light. She cups my chin in her hand. I barely have time to admire how long her eyelashes are before her mouth smothers mine. My breath is stolen by the scorching heat of her kiss. Like she said, no bullshit. Her tongue finds mine in less than a heartbeat, and I'm melting, melting, melting away. I become clay in her hands, hers to shape and mold and play with however she pleases. But when she starts to pull away for air, I rise up to deepen our kiss with a hunger that feels impossible to satiate. I don't want her to go. I wantmore.
It's her turn to be thrown off balance, even if only for a second. She tears herself away and gasps for air. A knowingness glitters in her golden brown eyes, and for a moment she looks disturbingly familiar.
"Can you please explain why you think this will help," Sebs asks with an impressive level of calm. I don't know if he spends much of his time watching women deep throat each other with their tongues, but I have the sudden, irrational idea that either he should join us or get the fuck out. My eyes never leave Amira's.
"I don't think, I know," she answers as she pushes me back down onto the bed. I yelp, more from being startled than anything else. "Most drugs can be excreted through piss or sweat after being metabolized, but not this one. You need two completely different types of fluids for top shelf stuff like this to leave the body." She looks meaningfully between my legs, then shoots Sebs a coy glance as she slinks onto the bed to straddle me. "Of course, with the amount her skin has absorbed, and so fresh from its source, I'd give her, oh..." She's pulling down the zipper to my top as she continues explaining. I feel like I'm breathing underwater. "...maybe an hour or two before her brain goes offline and her heart gives out."
Is it bad that the thought of dying no longer scares me? If it happens while I'm sharing a bed with the likes of Amira, I don't think I overly mind.
Before she can finish, however, she suddenly throws her head back and moans. Sebs and I stare at her, and I suspect for entirely the same reasons. The way she's posed has the swell of her breasts straining against her jumper and her throat illuminated by amber light, a glowing column of smooth, delicious vulnerability. I squirm beneath her, knees rubbing together and fingers twisting into the sheets. When she lowers her head again, her pupils are so dilated they almost swallow her irises whole. She smiles wickedly down at me, causing me to shudder in anticipation.
"Good gods, you've dosed yourself," Sebs breathes. "It's in her system, and now it's in yours." I assume he's doing what he always does: connecting the dots, fleshing each one out with scientific know how. I wish him luck with that. I, on the other hand, am sweating at the very idea of finding out what Amira looks like with no clothes on.
She's undulating her hips against mine, reminding me in every way of a cat, all fluid grace and predatory hunger. I'm completely at her mercy. The heat of her sex seeps through our clothes and sends another jolt of arousal through me. "Don't worry your pretty little head, Sebs," she purrs, leaning down to nuzzle my neck as she picks up where she left off with the zipper. "It's diluted in me, obviously. And I've done this a thousand times. "
My head lulls to one side, my breathing labored. I stare at Sebs through a fog of desire as Amira undresses me inch by excruciating inch. I wonder distantly if it's for her benefit or for his, or both, because it's certainly not for mine. I'm being tormented by how slow she's going. She's trailing behind the slider as it travels lower, her lips planting tiny, languid kisses down my chest. I try to raise my arms to touch her, but she pins them on either side of me. For a second, I wonder how she's going to do anything else, now that neither of us have use of our hands. But then she catches the tab between her teeth and pulls, grinning all the way down.
The black fabric parts, stopping just shy of the tips of my nipples. They don't need more than a light touch to fall away, but Amira leaves them in place, choosing instead to lap slowly and sensually along the underside of my breasts.
She's driving me crazy. I'm fighting to wrench my arms from underneath her, but she's disturbingly strong, weighing down my body in all the right places. Every time I even try to buck or writhe, she just finds a new spot to nuzzle, sending me into another spiral of bliss. There's a flash of doubt in my mind as I consider how she's a complete stranger. Aside from being on a first name basis with Sebs and drop dead gorgeous, I know nothing about her. I have no idea what her motives are or what she's capable of.
But then she's pushing aside the fabric with her lips, grazing my hardened tips, and all my doubts go flying out the window.
Sebastien makes a pained sound and averts his gaze. I can tell his face is flushed tomato red, but he's determined as always to maintain some measure of dignity.
I've left all of mine at the foot of Amira's altar.
"Ahem...should I...do you think I should leave? I think I should leave..."
Amira stops teasing me for a moment to give him a level look. I mewl beneath her in vain. "No," she counters. "Your friend absorbed a lethal amount and I may not be able to extract it all on my own. You need to stay as back up." A devious twinkle lights her eyes. "Or, you could join us now and save yourself the wait. Up to you."
Sebs stares back as though he's experiencing a fresh new layer of hell. I know why he wants to give in, and I also know why he doesn't. The aphrodisiac coursing in my veins yearns for him to join, but in the end he shakes his head and hangs back, pulling a book out of his pack and plopping down into a chair to read. Leave it to Sebs to find this situation a tolerable reading environment.
Shrugging, Amira turns her attention back on me. "Your loss."
Then she dips her head to suckle me in earnest, filling her mouth with one of my tits and her hand with the other. She massages me slowly, hips grinding against mine, toying with my nipple between her fingers while her tongue swirls and flicks across my sensitive skin. I squirm beneath her and moan uncontrollably. Somewhere in the corner, Sebs brings his book closer to his face, his pretense at studious concentration fooling no one.
Her second hand manages to snake down into the hem of my underarmour's bottom half, fingers stroking against the dampness of my panties, and the thrill of her invasion electrifies me. I gasp, my hands flying up to grab her by the shoulders. I barely register my newfound freedom when she starts to rub me in lazy circles, her face still buried in my breasts as her tongue and fingers work together to create a symphony of sensations. My back arches and my hips move in rhythm with her hand. I'm begging her to please,pleaseput her fingers inside of me, but she refuses.
"Not yet, kitten," she whispers, her breath hot against my skin. "We have to start simple and work our way up. Who knows how many times we're going to have to make you come?"
Her use of the plural is not lost on me. Poor Sebastien, sitting over there like he has any choice in the matter. Whatever scheme Amira has concocted in her mind, I'm sure it is every bit as manipulative and conniving as I'm imagining it to be. Not that I'm complaining. My thoughts are rapidly being funneled onto one, single track and my body is screaming with insatiable need. I want someone, anyone to fuck me, and I'm not choosy about who does it first.
"Simple?" I echo, confused.
Amira smiles and draws back. "Oh, don't look so glum," she chuckles, "we're just getting started. Good things come to those who wait."
I'm about to protest her lack of touching and fondling when she pushes my knees together and grabs the edges of my remaining underamour. "Now be a good girl and help me get this ridiculous thing off."
Obediently, I lift my ass so that she can peel the fabric downward. She somehow manages to pull the tights off of my legs in a single, steady motion, putting both Aed and Sebs to absolute shame. I can't decide whether it's due to feminine prowess or lots of practice, but seeing as how it should be impossible for her to achieve the latter, I give up on the question altogether and spread my bare legs instead.
"Please..." I beg again. It's terrifying being this vulnerable, but I crave both her touch and my own release so badly that I can't bring myself to care.
Amira purrs with approval and plants herself between my thighs, spreading me wider with her silky hands. "Such a sweet little pet you'd make," she smiles slyly as she runs her fingers up and down my thighs. She throws Sebastien a backwards glance. "Are you sure I can't keep her?"
I look over to see that Sebs is no longer reading and instead has the book face down on his lap. "That's not up to me," he answers neutrally, his eyes staring off to the side. I know him too well, however, to miss the white of his knuckles as his hands grip the arm rests, or the odd tilt of the book in his lap.
Amira gives me a sly look. "Well then, I guess I'll just have to convince her that my hand feeds better." She brings one of her thighs to press flush against my aching vulva. I'm still wearing my panties, but they're completely soaked through at this point. "Now all that's left is for you to come. Do you think you could do that for me?"
I nod my head, groaning as she leans forward to add pressure against my clit. "Y-Yes," I pant, "fuck,yes."
She's rocking back and forth, eliciting all kinds of delicious pleasure without using anything but her leg. Finally unrestrained, I push back, building a rhythm with her. I'm no stranger to dry humping, but I've never had help and certainly never performed anything on myself with this level of finesse. Amira knows exactly where and when and how much to push, creating just the right friction to build up my pleasure.
And of course, she's got an absolutely filthy mouth to match.
"Does that feel good?" she murmurs, and when I emphatically, breathlessly answeryes, she adds, "Yeah? It does? What a good little slut. Just imagine how much better it's going to feel when I fuck you with my fingers."
As she says this, she pushes harder, causing me to arch and gasp. Her hot mouth brushes against my ear. "You must be so wet down there, your tight little cunt aching to be filled. I can't wait to taste your pussy before I stretch you wide, one finger at a time. How many do you think you can take? Three? Four? Or..."
She peeks over at Sebs, who has abandoned all semblance of indifference. He's watching us with naked terror and fascination, the book having slid off to reveal his raging hard on.
"Or," Amira continues, picking up the pace and pressure, "would you prefer something else fill you up instead? Something hard, and thick..."
She leans in extra close, and with a rough shove of her leg, she adds, "Would you like for Sebs to fuck that sweet little pussy of yours? Fill you up with his big, hard cock?"
"Fuck."
I can't hold on any longer. The thought of him taking me, sliding into me for the first time while Amira watches, is too much. Stars explode beneath my eyelids as I come quietly but violently against Amira's thigh. I'm convulsing under her, mouth parted in a silent cry as the force of my climax robs me of all breath. As the final wave of pleasure crashes over me, I moan once and go limp, my chest heaving as I gasp for air.
"Good girl."
I watch, dazed, as Amira admires the giant wet spot on her leg. "Not bad for the first round," she assesses. Then she slides off the bed and starts undoing the front buttons of her jumpsuit.
"Now, for the real fun to begin."
Five buttons later, her clothes drop straight to the ground. Beneath it, she is clad in matching, dark blue lingerie, the cut simple and devoid of frills, yet no less alluring.
My imagination clearly failed to do her justice. She is exquisite in every possible sense, her slim waist flaring into generously round hips and firm, shapely thighs, her breasts so full they jiggle with even the slightest movement. I am entranced as she casually flips back her hair, the motion causing her curves to ripple most distractingly. My mouth waters at the thought of tasting her.
Amira steps over her crumpled jumpsuit and reaches for my arm. She pulls me up to stand before her, and then slowly, salaciously, starts to shed me of the last of my clothing. My shaky legs barely hold me up. The first thing to go is the upper half of my underarmour. She slides that off of my shoulders and arms with ease, but not without tracing one of my breasts with her hand, squeezing it before bringing it to her mouth for a teasing taste.
I moan, already feeling myself stir again at her touch despite having come so recently.
The second to go is my drenched underwear, which she rolls down just far enough to rest on my hips, barely covering my sex. This time when she kisses me, I reciprocate in full. My hands tangle themselves in her luxurious hair, my mouth devouring hers as our bodies crush against each other. She feels so good on me, her curves melting against mine and her skin velvet soft. I'm at least a few inches taller, but she's clearly stronger, her hands trailing down to grab my ass and squeeze. I groan into her mouth as she presses me into the edge of the bed, grinding against me.
The next time we break for air, she seems a bit more wild-eyed and out of breath. With a note of impatience, she hooks her fingers into my panties again and pulls them all the way down. The air is cool against my slick, naked skin. I step out of the soggy fabric and kick it aside, ever eager to resume kissing her. But to my annoyance, she stops me as I lean in.
"Sit," she orders, pointing at one of the vacant arm chairs.
Obediently, I sink into the cushions, gazing up at her with open longing and curiosity.
Her smile widens, showing the sharp ends of her canines. "Spread."
Heart racing, I do as I'm told, leaning back into the chair and spreading myself wide. She's standing between me and Sebs, blocking my most intimate parts from his view, and looks down with diabolical glee. I don't know how much gnome spit is coursing through her veins right now, but the lust in her eyes is borderline demonic. It sets my skin on absolute, nuclear fire.
Bending down with one hand on an armrest, Amira breathes into my ear, "Be a good pet and prove to me just how badly you want me."
I cry out as her fingers unexpectedly penetrate me, slipping in and out of my dripping pussy with deliberate slowness. I shudder and buck as she fucks me, her thumb brushing against my clit to stimulate me more.
"You're going to play with yourself while I get Sebs ready. And you won't come until I say so. Understood?"
I whimper as she pulls out, her fingers coated with a shining layer of my arousal. "Yes," I nod, staring up at her helplessly. "Then you'll come back?"
Her expression softens for a moment. "Where else would I go?" she laughs, then rubs my pussy gently to gather more wetness. I moan softly at her touch. "Besides, I still need to find out whether you taste as sweet as you look. In fact..."
Inspired, she turns to saunter over to Sebs, slickened hand glimmering in the light. He looks like a deer in headlights, too terrified and intrigued at the same time to move a muscle. I watch, completely transfixed, as she swats the book onto the ground, eases herself into his lap, and feels up his chest with her unsullied hand. Her backside is almost as enticing as her front, the silky thong disappearing between her voluptuous ass. It looks so firm and round that I swear I could eat off of it.
"I think we should let dear Sebby here have the first taste. Don't you agree, kitten?"
Before either of us can answer, Amira grabs Sebastien's face, forces his jaw open, and then dips her coated fingers in his mouth. He makes a strangled noise and tries to resist, but she has him pinned in place. Her hips are rolling ever so subtly, grinding against his hardness. My hands fly to my throbbing pussy and start rubbing without hesitation. I've never seen anything so hot. I grow impossibly wet as she pulls her fingers out and smears the rest across his mouth.
Meanwhile, her free hand is undoing his belt and pants with such ease that I feel a stab of envy. They come apart like water in her hands, obeying her will with no resistance whatsoever. In a matter of seconds, she has his cock free, her hand stroking him up and down as he throws his head back in ecstasy. I can tell when the gnome saliva hits. One minute he's still fighting against completely giving in, holding back his sounds of pleasure. The next he's moaning with far less inhibition, his fingers grabbing either side of Amira's beautiful ass and sinking into her flesh. Across the tiny room, my fingers have already slipped inside my drenched, aching cunt, pumping in and out with wild need.
At some point Amira rises from his lap, kicks open his legs with her knee, and sinks down until she's face to face with his cock. I can't make out much beyond her wavy hair, but lucky for me I already know what she's seeing and tasting. I picture the pinkness of his engorged tip while she teases him with her tongue, imagine the musky scent and rigid firmness. He swears when her mouth envelopes him, her head bobbing up and down as she sucks him with expert attention, and my hand pumps ever faster.
I have to stop several times, feeling my climax nearing and struggling to keep it at bay. I want Amira to come back. I want to know what she'll do to me next. So I obey, even though it costs me every ounce of self control to do so.
Within minutes, Sebs is panting for his life and I'm squeezing my legs together, tortured by my inability to find release. We make eye contact at some point, which is a mistake. I can't tell who is more embarrassed and turned on at the same time, but the desperation between us is a disaster waiting to happen, and we both know it. Yet, there's no avoiding it. Not if Amira is to be believed.
Sensing we're both reaching some kind of existential threshold, Amira releases his cock from her mouth and glances back with approval. My hand is still clamped between my thighs as I squirm, but I haven't come, as promised.
Her lips are swollen from pleasuring Sebs, gleaming with saliva and precum. I want to taste them so badly I almost weep. Grinning, Amira rises, dragging Sebs with her. He stumbles behind like a newborn lamb, until she grabs him by the collar and shoves him onto the bed. He lands with anoof, and she takes advantage of his disoriented state by tearing off his pants, briefs, and anything else in the way of her reign of terror. By the time she gets to his shirt, she doesn't even bother with the buttons. She just rips it open with one hand, buttons flying every which way, laying bare the paleness of his flat, toned chest.
Good god, I think she's just about the most incredible thing I've ever witnessed.
"Come here, kitten," she says to me, barely winded and with one finger crooked. I comply without question. I'm crawling onto the bed in a matter of seconds, unable to tear myself away from her heated gaze.
She pulls me over Sebastien's mostly naked body, and I have only a moment to trail my hand over his stomach, admiring his effortless beauty, before she's nuzzling my neck so hard she'll leave bruises come morning. To my disappointment, she doesn't kiss me again when she comes up for air, but she does something even better. Taking my hands, she guides me towards where her hips meet Sebastien's and whispers, "Put him in me."
I glance back to find that Sebs is staring up at us with unfiltered longing, oblivious to Amira's intentions, my bare ass inches from his face. Sucking in a breath, I meet her gaze again, then lean forward to reach for Sebastien's iron hard cock. He moans as soon as I touch him, hips jerking against me. With my other hand, I push aside the thin, delicate fabric of Amira's silky thong. I take the opportunity to stroke her lightly as I do, enjoying how wet she is. She shudders at my touch, her hands exploring my back and hips, and I push my fingers against her slick lips to encourage her to move higher. Her eyes are locked on mine as I guide her over his swollen head. I use two fingers to spread her lips and slide his tip up and down her soaking pussy, lathering them both up.
I give them maybe a second or two before I move a hand to grab one of her ass cheeks. And then I push her downward as I hold Sebastien's cock, aiming it straight into her slit.
Both of them cry out in surprise and pleasure, and I can hear Sebs swearing as I let go of him to cup Amira's ass in both hands, squeezing her flesh as I push her down all the way. Her hands are on my shoulders now, lips parted as her breaths come out in short bursts. Then I'm pulling her up again, and then back down, creating a rhythm that steadily begins to pick up in pace. I shiver upon hearing the squelching of his cock sliding in and out of her slick cunt. Her ass feels amazing in my hands.
Once she starts riding him in earnest and no longer needs my help, I move my hands to her front and start tugging at the upper folds of her bra. It takes me a few tries as she bounces away, but eventually I manage to pull the fabric down to free one of her breasts. It pops forward with a jiggle, so gloriously round and full that I have to take a moment to admire it before cupping it in my hand and putting her nipple in my mouth. I lap her up with complete abandon, my head bobbing to match her rhythm. It's her turn to moan uncontrollably, pleasure overwhelming her senses, as Sebs also starts to thrust back.
We carry on like this for a while, until Amira decides to regain control of the situation. She grips my shoulders and shoves me back, hips still bouncing on Sebastien's cock. She keeps pushing, forcing me to scooch backwards, until my pussy is right above his mouth.
I gasp as Sebs flicks his tongue across my slit. His lack of hesitation shocks me more than anything, until his mouth starts fully lapping me up, his lack of inexperience made evident in a single, rapturous moment. His mouth is hot as it covers my pussy. I'm moaning with Amira now, our hips gyrating in unison as his cock pumps into hers and his tongue dips into mine.
I'm shaking, the sheer pressure of the climax building up in me threatening to explode any moment. But I hold. Amira still hasn't given me permission, and I beg her with my eyes, which have become completely glazed with pleasure.
She grabs me by the chin, her breathing growing uneven as she rides Sebs harder and faster. The sounds of wet slapping intensify and I can see the creaminess of her arousal leaking down his shaft. At the same time, I can feel the vibrations of his moaning through my pussy, which drives me even crazier.
"Come for me, love," she commands, breathless with desire.
And I do. I obey her with every fiber of my being, and the orgasm that hits me is unlike anything I've ever experienced. I'm screaming as I convulse, ecstasy crashing down on me like a thunderstorm, flooding me with electric warmth. Amira clutches my face the entire time, forcing me to look at her as I lose my mind to bliss. Moments later, I can feel Sebs tense beneath me, my climax evidently a catalyst for his. His cries are muffled as his hips jerk against Amira, filling her with stream after stream of gooey, hot cum. I watch as it oozes out of her, trickling in tiny rivulets of white.
As soon as the last tremor of my orgasm fades, I collapse to one side, rolling off of Sebs into a limp heap. Beside me, he seems equally spent, one arm falling on top of my stomach with boneless exhaustion. The only one left standing, apparently, is Amira.
And oh, how far she is from being done with us.
My mind rails against the impossibility of her stamina. She's lifting herself off of Sebs, his half-limp cock slipping out of her in a mess of cum, and creeping up his body. Stopping once she's right above his face, she leans down to kiss him deeply. Sebs groans, powerless to stop her. I don't realize her true intentions until she's breaking the kiss to lick all along his mouth and chin, lapping up my juices.
"Mm," she purrs, sliding her gaze to meet mine. "Youaresweet."
I stare at her with nothing short of fear as she grins and crawls over to me next.
"My turn."
She unclasps her bra and shrugs it off, tossing it away without a second thought. Even in my drained state, I can't help but be spellbound. Her tits are absolutely magnificent, their fullness swaying with the motion of her body, nipples hardened to compact points. She moves to slip off her thong next, but Sebs catches us both off guard by coming up behind her, hands trailing down her sides.
"Allow me," he murmurs into the crook of her neck. With a firm grip of the fabric, he pulls it up extra tight, making Amira squirm in a most tantalizing way as it digs into her slit. There's a fleeting moment of bewilderment on her face. And then he yanks apart her thong with both hands, shredding the delicate fabric. His lean muscles tense and flex as he tears the clothing from her body.
Fucking hell, how much Swarf saliva did he eat from my pussy?
I watch, amazed, as Amira melts against him, arms traveling up his neck and through his hair as he rubs her clit with his long, elegant fingers. Drawn by an invisible string, I get back up on my knees and add myself to the mix, pressing my breasts against hers as I leave a trail of kisses down her lovely neck.
The three of us luxuriate in our passionate embrace, Amira sandwiched in the middle as Sebs fucks her with his fingers and I lather her with my mouth and tongue, tasting her toffee skin. I push her full, fleshy breasts to lay on top of mine, teasing her nipples with my tongue while my hands sneak behind to feel up Sebastien's body. I explore the muscles of his arms, how they ripple across his shoulders and back as he pumps his fingers in and out of Amira's cunt. The mix of sensations is impossibly delicious, her softness and his hardness swirling together like heady perfumes.
Then my hands find the steely surface of his cock, and our collective lust intensifies yet again. I hear him moan my name as I stroke him lovingly, feeling every inch of him from shaft to tip. Between us, Amira's cries grow louder, his fingers picking up speed to match my pace.
She has one arm around Sebs and another around me. We become one single, undulating entity, lost in a merry-go-round of pleasing and being pleased.
Just when I think they both might come, however, Sebs extracts himself from us. The outrage on Amira's face is immediate. But then she's being shoved forward and the two of us crash back down onto the bed, her body smothering mine. I give a little shout of surprise as she topples into me.
"Ohfuck," she gasps as he slams her from behind, his cock sliding in with zero resistance.
I am captivated by this version of Sebs. Any of his usual, careful reservation has been cast aside, replaced by an almost animalistic fervor. His aristocratic beauty has taken on a savage edge. I feel the impact of him pounding Amira's pussy ruthlessly, his ecstasy as uninhibited as hers as they grunt and moan together with reckless abandon. His fair, broad features are a stunning contrast to her caramel tones and sensuous curves. Meanwhile, her face has become a masterpiece of pleasure, lips parted and eyes half closed in rapture. He has a fistful of her hair as he yanks her head back. I feel my arousal return ten times hotter, my mouth catching any part of Amira within reach as she is fucked senseless. By now the Swarven saliva has made several rounds amongst the three of us, diluted but still very much in circulation, hitting each of us with a new burst of chemicals as our fluids continue to be exchanged.
With Amira between my legs and Sebs between hers, the room is quickly filled with the scent of our love making. I spare a second to feel sorry for our neighbors, should the walls be paper thin and they are able to hear the slapping of flesh, punctuated consistently with cries of pleasure. But then Sebs increases his pace, drilling into Amira savagely, and I forget about our neighbors as I catch her flouncing tits in my hands and suck.
"Ahh...nngg..f-fuck, I'm...I'm g-gonna c-c-co--FUCK!"
My god, she's bucking so hard against me, her entire body shaking with the force of her climax. I hold her and moan as she spews insensible gibberish into the air. Above us, Sebs is crying out through another orgasm, his fingers digging into Amira's ass as he jerks against her, emptying his load into her womb a second time. Through it all, I can feel every spasm and tremor, as well as the dripping of warm, sticky liquid on my naked thighs.
Finally, it's over,I think to myself, reluctant for the pleasure to end but relieved nonetheless. I am just about at my physical, mental, and emotional limits of how much sexual intensity I can handle in one day, even with the aid of what can only be described as Viagra on roids.
But then Amira is being gently pushed off of me to reveal that Sebs is, in fact, still completely hard.
Shit.
He doesn't grab or toss me around like I half expect him to. Instead, he leans over me, his storm grey eyes ardent and sincere. "This is, without a doubt, a place more to my liking," he says with complete earnestness. "If you'll have me, that is..."
I gaze at him, chest flooding with warmth. I open my legs and wrap them around him, pulling him closer, and reply, "I'll take everything you want to give."
And then he's kissing me, slow and sweet, neither of us thinking anymore about how much higher it'll make him. Beside us, Amira is still recovering, but at the sound of us renewing our passion she begins to stir.
My fingers slither up his face and through his light brown curls, my pussy aching with how badly it wants to be filled. The tip of his cock is grazing ever so lightly against my swollen lips, circling my entrance, frustrating me to the point of madness.
"Oh, hell, we haven't got all night," Amira sighs. And then I feel him pushing into me, his thick, iron cock stretching me wider and wider as he sinks into my throbbing folds.
We moan together as Amira guides him deeper. She's kneeling behind him, forcing his hips with her own, humping him into me. I'm panting as I take every inch of him. Then Amira jerks forward and so does he. His tip hits so deep inside of me that my eyes roll back.
It doesn't take long for Sebs to start sliding in and out on his own, with Amira holding onto him from behind, fucking me vicariously. I'm lost in a haze of pleasure as he slams into me repeatedly, and every time he does the force of him and Amira combined hits my clit with unbelievable accuracy. It makes me clench with bliss, my walls unable to help tightening and squeezing his cock with a vise-like grip.
"Gods fucking dammit, Jez," he groans, "you're so fucking tight..."
I try to respond and fail, my words unstrung into incoherent noises as my mind is fractured by inconceivable euphoria.
We go on like this for god knows how long. At some point he flips me onto my hands and knees to fuck me from behind, drilling me into the mattress. My face and hair are mashed against the bed, hands gripping the sheets as I moan so hard I drool. I didn't even know it would be possible for me to come a third time, but here I am, feeling the pressure grow and grow, until I find myself teetering on that precarious edge again. I can no longer fathom how hard I'm going to come, only that when I do it will probably be the last thing I remember.
"Uh-uh-uhnn..nng..S-Sebs...I'm..I'm gonna--"
He wraps his hand around my neck, pulling me back so that my face presses against his, and fucks me even harder. I can feel him tensing as he nears his limits as well. In a mirror across the room, I see for the first time what we look like as we fuck. Sebastien's face is flushed and twisted in a beautiful snarl, his loose curls draped over his eyes while he pounds ruthlessly into me. Meanwhile, my expression is one of helpless subjugation, neck caught in his possessive grip. Behind us, Amira bites her bottom lip and grinds against his ass. It dawns on me, in that moment, the one thing she's missing. And once I imagine it, what she would do if she had a strap on right now...
It sends me right over the edge. The two of us scream into one another as we're hit with powerful, earth shattering orgasms. He's digging his fingers into my hips as he impales me with one last, violent thrust. Amira has her hand between us both, cupping his balls while her fingers graze my slicked up clit. In an instant, the room is filled with our cries and moans. He's shooting stream after stream of scorching hot cum inside of me as I clamp down on him, squeezing out every last drop he has to offer. He fills me up so thoroughly that even after he pulls out and his cum oozes out of me, I can still feel more trickling onto the bed, sticking to my thighs.
By the time all three of us collapse in an exhausted, sticky, musky heap, none of us have the energy left to move. We lay on top of one another until dawn, a tangle of naked limbs and breathless panting.
*******
When I wake, it's with a paper dry mouth and sand for eyes. Every inch of my body hurts. My head pounds with the pain of a thousand hangovers. It takes me a while to get my eyes to open, but once I finally do I see that I'm alone in an unfamiliar room.
As I take stock of my surroundings, the events of last night come trickling back piece by piece. My cheeks flush as I recall the steamier bits. It feels almost like a fever dream, especially in contrast to my current sobriety and spartan environment. The room is mostly slate grey. Other than me and the bed I'm lying on, it contains nothing but a single white table and chair. With a few winces, I manage to peek under the white covers to find that I've been cleaned and dressed in a simple grey shirt and pants. I get the uncomfortable impression that I'm a patient in a hospital ward.
I'm just starting to contemplate the possibility of having been kidnapped when the metal door to the room opens. I hope it's either Sebastien or Amira, or both, who walks through. I could really use an explanation right about now. My ignorance and isolation are making my imagination go off the rails.
But as it turns out, my visitor is neither of them. Instead, the first face to appear at the doorway is the only one I've been wanting to punch for two whole days.
Traitorous tears well up in my eyes. My voice quakes as I utter his name, not quite believing that he's really here.
"Aed."