Another Cum...
It was our second time. You met me at the door of the bedroom and told me to come in. You had just showered and your hair was damp, leaving a light mist on your bare shoulders. You wore blue jeans and heels but nothing from the waist up. Beautiful. One of the looks that excites me the most. Your bare, succulent breasts, open to me, to the world outside with the shades pulled back; and wanting to taste your ripe nipples, fully erect in my presence.
You order me to take off my clothes and I obey, down to my underwear. My cock is hard and bulging, trapped in the sheer cloth surrounding it. You move your eyes down to my cock, my underwear soaked in pre-cum at its tip, anticipating this moment in time with you. Your dark cat-eyes are hungry. In an instant you're on your knees swallowing as much of my cock as possible through my underwear, sucking up the sweet taste of my pre-cum. I can hardly stand it, so I pull your head away from my cock and pull you up to your feet and kiss you hard, darting my tongue into your mouth and catching a taste of the sweet nectar still on your lips.
Your nipples come into contact with mine as you push your breasts purposely against them and I'm brushed with ecstasy. I turn you away from me and pull your bare back close to my chest, exposing your breasts to the world again and pushing you against the plate glass window. The cold glass stimulating your already hard nips. You see a couple across the way from our 4th floor hotel room. They're in their own room at the same level in the same hotel and they see us. She's sitting in front of him on his lap. Nude. Riding his cock. His hands fondling her breasts. It's driving you wild to know that they're watching us and fucking.
I pull your hair to the right and kiss the left side of your neck, biting and sucking down to your shoulder, feeling the goosebumps on your bare shoulders. I can't get enough of your flesh and reaching around your front, I grab your breasts with both of my hands and squeeze them, rubbing your nipples between my fingers and thumbs, kneading them endlessly. They are so beautiful and feel so wonderful in my hands, perfectly shaped. But you want more, and you cup my hands with yours, squeezing, forcing me to squeeze your soft flesh harder and harder as you moan in pleasure. She's on her knees now, sucking his cock into her mouth.
After a while, I pull my hands down to your crotch and grab the buttons and pull open the bindings and reach my right hand down to your pussy under your panties. They're dark purple laced silkies and wet from your pussy. My favorite color. You're so, so wet and you've soaked your panties so much that your juices have leaked through to your jeans! I pull them down to your hips, right hand still pushing in between your pussy lips, and now the left hand down your backside inside your jeans, palm against your sweet ass. I bite the back of your left shoulder and run my wet tongue to your vertebrae and move my tongue down your back to the top of your tailbone. I'm on my knees now. I pull your pants and panties down to your ankles and help you step out of them. She's facing us, on her knees, and he's behind her, fucking her from behind. Your stare meets hers.
I kiss the point where your crease begins and run my tongue slowly down, pulling your sculpted cheeks apart and touch my tongue to the outer rim of your ass. I push the tip of my tongue softly in, probing inwardly there and hear you gasp as you instinctively bend forward and raise your ass up, allowing more room to push in a bit deeper. My right hand moves back to your pussy as I push my fingers gently between your lips down there. You moan more and more, but then I move around to your front and bury my tongue into your pussy. Finally I taste your sweet juices and they're intoxicating. I move up to your breasts and suck your nipples, areolas and flesh as far into my mouth as they will go, one at a time. You can't tell if he's fucking her pussy or her ass; all you know is its mesmerizing. You feel my hardness against your cunt then and half fall, half sit on the side of the bed. You pull off my briefs and finally release my hard cock from its bonds. My balls in one hand, my member in the other, you tongue the head of my cock, lapping up the clear nectar dripping from it and swallow it down. You fuck the small opening with the tip of your tongue, then slowly suck my cock into your mouth, drawing it in all the way deep into your throat and hold it there for what seems like an eternity and push your fingers into my ass, pushing gently at my opening.
I've lost my senses, drunk on pleasure. I could cum so hard, but I push your head away. You slap my ass roughly for denying you the sweet milk from my cock. "Do it again and see what happens", I say sternly. You oblige and slap my ass even harder, stinging the flesh, looking up at me defiantly with a sexy, hot, mischievous smile. I take a half-step back and with my right hand I carefully slap your left breast on its side, sending a wave of pain and a unique pleasure through the fleshy mound. I catch your right hand just as it connects with my cock as you return the strike, and I shove you to the bed. And pinning your hands above your head on the bed, I rub my cock forcefully against the folds of your pussy, back and forth over your clit, building your pleasure once again. You turn your head slightly and see him fucking her against the window now, as he holds her up to his hips, her legs wrapped around his ass as he pounds her with his cock and you see him looking over her shoulder at us. Your eyes meet his...
You cry out as you cum and the ache of emptiness makes you beg me to fill your void with my cock. I push the head of my cock between your labia and with one hand begin strumming your clit; I hold my cock and rapidly move it back and forth across your clit. Then you cum hard, crying out in pleasure, and spray juice from your pussy on me, letting loose with cries of passion; and just then I impale you with my manhood, shoving my rock hard cock in all the way to its hilt and you arch your back, shoving your hips into mine and cry out again, waves upon waves of pleasure crashing in your pussy and rippling throughout your body. I turn at an angle and scissor your pussy. You have full access to my ass with your right hand and lube it up, and reach up to my crease, pushing your fingers into it and pushing your middle finger into my ass. You finger fuck my ass and massage my prostate. I squeeze you breasts with my left hand while the 45 degree angle from which I scissor your pussy rubs my pubic bone against your clit causing you to cum hard. You cry out as you cum and yell out my name saying, "Fuck me, Keith, fuck me, cum inside my pussy, please let me feel you cum!" You squeeze my cock as hard as you can with your pussy, and I can't hold back any more; I'm completely overtaken by your pussy and your breasts and your mouth and eyes and body! And I erupt inside you, yelling out with moans of intense pleasure, my cum shooting out of my cock and filling your pussy! I'm fucking you with every ounce of my body, fucking your pussy with my cock, your mouth with my tongue, your body with my body! Until I collapse over you, both of us completely spent, our bodies shaking from the tamed volcano deep inside us.
After a while, I roll off of you and make my way down to your pussy; with the last remnants of my energy, I dive my tongue into your pussy and suck up the mixture of our cum. I taste it all, the sweet spice of my cum with the juice of your pussy and swallow it. You moan with what's left of your voice and your heart, and you shudder softly with orgasmic rhythms, cumming again, but softly, with barely a conscious feeling.
I turn my body so we're yin and yang, lingam and yoni. My cock at your lips, you take it into your mouth, sucking away the wetness from your pussy, and feel it begin to soften. I moan with the pleasure, the eroticism of what you're doing. And then you feel me sucking your inner left thigh, high up near your cunt. Three distinct times I suck the flesh of your upper thigh in three directions, forming a "K" in three small straight lines of hickeys that intersect. There, I've branded you, marked you; claiming my territory for others to see should their eyes venture to your cunt whenever your silky smooth thighs are exposed. The first letter of my name, imprinted upon your skin from the blood drawn up below. In dreamy, half-asleep visions we drift off to another realm. The other two have collapsed upon each other...
The next morning, at breakfast in the hotel restaurant, the waitress brings us two glasses of champagne. "Compliments of the other table", she gestures to the side and there's the couple who were fucking across the way from us. They raise glasses of their own in toast. We look at each other with "of course!" and invite them to our table...