Club Eros is a special club for adults who love exhibitionism. Each night ten couples enter. Each couple has fifteen minutes to live out a fantasy of their own making.
The next number is ready to be called...
Chet's bulge was obvious. Rose loved staring at it. She watched it grow like a tent being raised in his pants as they sat in the booth enjoying "performances" by two other couples.
Rose hoped they were next. She knew the longer the wait, the more likely Chet would lose his nerve. She loved dominating him. At home she often tied him up, or made him wear very slinky, sexy clothes, or forced him to work naked as he did housework, or otherwise controlled him for her pleasure.
When she learned about Club Eros she decided she would bring his submission to a new, very public, level.
She grinned when the number the host called was theirs. "Let's go!" she said. It wasn't a request. She grabbed his balls through his pants and squeezed.
Chet gulped and stood.
They walked to the stage. They were a good looking couple. He was 37, 5'10", with light brown eyes and big muscles from the weightlifting she made him do at least three times a week. She was 35, 5'5", with curly brunette hair and a firm, curvaceous figure that drew the eyes of men. He wore the required dress pants and sports jacket. She had on a pretty dress, cut low to show off her nice CC tits.
Once on stage, she grabbed his face with both hands and stared deeply into his eyes. "You know what I expect from you," she whispered. "You said you would do it. Now you must follow through, right?"
He gulped again and shook his head in affirmation.
She grinned, slid over an armchair that was in the corner of the stage and sat down. She would sit comfortably as he performed.
She checked the other couples in the room and felt her heart race. She wanted them to see a man serving the desires of a woman. She couldn't wait to have her fantasy come true.
"Take off your coat and shirt!" " she commanded.
Chet pulled off his coat and neatly laid it on the back of a chair. She enjoyed the fact that his hands quivered as he worked the buttons of his shirt. He got it off and laid it next to his coat.
He had a sexy chest and rippled abs. His work at the gym was pleasing to her eyes, as well as to her mind. It was visible evidence to her of his compliance. She felt her pussy getting moist.
"Off with the shoes and pants!"
"Go girl!" one of the audience members yelled.
She looked at the woman in the audience and winked at her.
He slid off his shoes, socks and moved his hands to his belt.
"Face the others," she said.
He turned towards them as he unzipped his pants. They dropped to the floor. What was revealed caused delighted gasps from a few of the women. Chet was wearing a special leather brief that she had bought just for tonight. It had a removable velcroed mesh patch where his cock lay. In the leather there were two holes through which his balls hung exposed.
"Nice!" said one of the ladies.
"Would anyone like to feel his balls?" she asked.
Two of the women from the booths came up to him and took turns squeezing his balls.
His cock grew much larger and the mesh and velcro barely held on.
""Put your hands on your head and turn around!" Rose told him.
He did so. The brief was thong style. His tight, round ass cheeks were visible. Just a thin piece of leather covered his butt crack. A few of the ladies sitting in the booths whistled.
Rose came over and slapped his cheeks a few times. Who is the boss?" Rose asked, between slaps.
"You are my boss!" Chet exclaimed. His ass was bright red.
She told the other two women near the stage to do the same. He groaned after each slap.
"Who do you please?" Rose demanded, as the two women slapped away.
"You and any woman you order me to please," he said.
"Good boy!" she said.
After more slaps, she had him turn around to again face the audience. She moved behind him, with his hands still on his head, and she ripped off the mesh piece that held his stiff cock shaft. The shaft shot out of its cage and bobbed in the air for a few moments, before settling, projecting straight out. It was huge and stiff and nicely framed by the remainder of the leather brief.
From behind him, with his hands still on his head, she stroked him. She loved how it felt both hard and soft at the same time. But more than that, she loved seeing the looks of the audience. The eyes of the women were big and hungry. The eyes of the men were small and uncertain.
"Care to join in? she asked the two ladies who had grabbed his balls. They didn't need to be asked twice. One of them again grabbed his balls, though this time more gently, and she proceeded to massage them.
The other woman used both hands on his shaft.
Chet moaned. "Ohhhh! Uhhhhh!"
Rose moved to his side. She could see his face tensing. A drip of precum escaped from his tip. She didn't want him to come just yet. She had to jump in. "Ok ladies." They both pouted, but let go.
Chet turned to Rose. "Please!"
How wonderful to be in complete control of this handsome man, with his hands on his head, wearing nothing but a thong she had made him wear, hard as a rock, begging her for relief, dripping precum in front of a room of female and male strangers. She was dizzy with the thrill of it.
She licked her lips, just another way to affect him. "No. You may not come yet!"
He writhed and moaned.
"But you may now drop your hands to your side."
With a sigh, he brought down his hands.
She sat down in the soft chair. "You have to earn your right to come. You will now do a sexy dance for all the ladies." She looked beyond the two ladies near the stage. "If any other ladies want a closer look, feel free to come up." A few others did so.
She nodded to the host and hard driving rock music poured from speakers.
The five ladies were just a couple feet away from him as he performed. They clapped, encouraging him. He twisted and turned, his rigid member bouncing about, sometimes slapping his thigh.
The women loved it.
"Take it all off!" a few called.
He was in a rhythm, his hips thrusting forward and back, then side to side. He slowly pulled down the thong, until it fell to the floor. He was now fully naked.
Rose told him to come closer.
"Who wants a lap dance?" she asked the other women. A few raised their hands. She picked one and gave the woman her chair.
He moved up to the lucky woman, turned and lowered his bare ass onto her lap, gently grinding his balls into her. She grabbed his ass with both hands. He kept grinding.
Then he turned and faced her, thrusting his cock at her mouth, then moving it back, thrusting it, pulling back.
Another woman came up behind him, reached around and grabbed his cock. She pushed him from behind and guided him into the seated woman's waiting mouth.
Rose was wet with excitement at watching him naked, being enjoyed by multiple women.
But she still wasn't ready for him to come. She had the seated woman trade places with one of the others. He did another lap dance. There were ten female hands all over him as he gyrated.
Finally, Rose just couldn't wait anymore-she wanted to see him made to blow in front of everyone.
She told all of the women to go grab their drinks. They looked at each other, confused. She winked and said, "I want to sweeten those drinks for you."
They complied. She had them line up, sideways to the audience, so all could see.
"Put your hands on your head!" she ordered Chet. He did so. She had the women move within a few inches of his throbbing, engorged cock, glistening at the tip with precum.
With a wide grin, she stood at his side, grabbed his ass with one hand and with the other stroked his huge erection.
Chet moaned. "Ohhhhh!!"
She reveled in the scene, as did the other women.
She kept stroking, paying attention to the pulsing cock. After a minute, she knew he was close.
"Be ready for your treat," she told the others onstage.
Finally, it was time. She directed the end of his cock at one glass as she continued to jerk him off. His hips suddenly bucked and he shot a huge load into the first glass. She quickly twisted him so with each stroke she shot some cum into another glass.
When all of the glasses had been "sweetened," she finished by dropping to her knees and sucking out the last bits of cum.
When she was done, she stood and slapped his ass. She had him wait, hands still on his head, exhausted and bleary eyed, as she told the women to drink. They all swished the cum around into their drinks, then they drank, with relish.
Only after they finished, did she let him drop his arms. She kissed him on the cheek. " Thanks. You were great!"
She would never forget this night.
The host stepped up to the stage. "Thank you. We will now call the next number."