Work of fiction, all characters are 18+.
Might not be everyone's cup of tea.
~~~~~~~~
Hey, My name is Hailey.
I wanted to tell you about when my life turned upside down only because I couldn't control myself.
I am a very adventurous and sexual girl, I just make sure it is not widely known.
I have had enough sexual partners to know what I want and like.
Let me tell you about myself so that you fantasize about me.
As you already know my name is Hailey. I am 18 years old.
About 5 feet and 5 inches tall. Dark brown hair I usually wear in a ponytail.
I always saw myself as a second Laura Croft, only with slightly larger boobs and ass.
This is the story of how I threw away my ambitions to become a slut.
It was the second trimester of my first college year.
After I had dinner with a good friend of mine, we had a good time and the wine was flowing.
She told me about something naughty and excited she had done.
I was quite intrigued, we were both similarly tasted in sexual adventure.
She told me she had sold a pair of worn panties.
This surprised me in a good way and quickly I became quite aroused.
A pair of panties wearing them for the day and then instead of washing them sell them to strangers.
It was absurd and hot at the same time.
The rest of the evening I was asking every question I could think of regarding it.
That night I lay in bed, slowly fingering my soaking wet pussy.
In my other hand, I held my drenched panties up to my face.
I'm just studying it.
Wondering about what drives men to want dirty panties.
The pair in my hand was wet and soft but I knew that would dry up and harden.
I did not like the idea of hardened dry panties.
Closing in on my imminent orgasm I shoved my wet panty in my face and licked my juices. They tasted good, very sweet.
I came hard, the best orgasm from masturbation I ever received.
I decided to sell my panties but to do it differently than she did.
I would sell my panties when they were still wet.
**
I did not take that long after that faithful night to sell my first pair of panties.
Through my friend, I had gotten access to an anonymous group chat for sellers and buyers.
I felt like a drug dealer, the secrecy about it made me very nervous.
The group chat had about 40-50 people in it.
They were categorized into sellers and buyers.
I assumed the sellers were girls and the buyers were men, but to be honest I had no clue.
There were 4 sellers in the chat when I joined, I would be number 5.
The demand for used panties was way higher than the supply.
I looked through their posts and saw they did it maybe like once a month.
The prices ranged from $20 to $50, It was based on the type of underwear.
Simple cotton panties were cheap, sexy lingerie was more expensive.
I did not see the girls selling other options with the panties.
Maybe I was more dirty-minded but I had several naughty ideas.
Like not only selling worn panties but also panties I orgasmed in.
Buying underwear that they wanted. Custom orders.
Together with prices and pictures of my underwear I compiled this all in a message and sent it out in the group chat.
It did not take long at all for my inbox to flood with messages.
A few were not interesting and I felt like they were jerking more than willing to buy.
About an hour later I got a detailed message from someone willing to buy some worn underwear. He had some additional wishes which he wanted to talk about.
In his message he talked about all the things he liked and if any of it was possible in the future.
The first thing he wanted to buy were panties that were creamed with my girl's juices. He picked out a very nice blue thong that I included in the pictures.
He was willing to pay $75 if I wore them and masturbated for a solid hour.
Further in his message he talked about the dirty things he was hopeful about transacting in the future.
These were things like:
Going to the gym and doing the sweatiest work imaginable.
He talked about cumming in my underwear while I was wearing it.
This was immediately a step further than I anticipated. I had thought that for the first sale, I could just pick a thong from my hamper.
But I was also turned on. Very turned on.
I sent him back that I just started and wanted to take small steps before acting out his wishes. I told him that as soon as he paid the $75, I would act his purchase out.
I was in the middle of changing out into something more comfortable when my phone dinged.
It was a message from the bank.
A $75 deposit.
"Wow, that was quick." I thought to myself.
I was halfway done changing so I got rid of my bra and put on an oversized shirt.
I had not gotten to the lower half yet.
"No time like the present," I said out loud.
I was already horny thinking about it.
Standing in front of the mirror looking at myself, I started undressing.
My boobs sprung free as I pulled the shirt over my head.
I fucking loved looking at myself.
I stared at my boobs, both my nipples were pierced with a barbell.
Resulting in permanent stiff and sensitive nipples.
My eyes moved down towards my flat stomach.
Meanwhile, my hands moved into the waistband of my pants and I pulled down.
In one big swoop both my pants and underwear were on the floor.
Now fully naked I was gazing at my pussy.
It was glistering wet, slightly puffy.
Ready for action.
"I wish I could clone myself." I sighted, it is a big fantasy of mine to have a clone of myself to play with.
I picked the blue thong from my dresser and slid it up across my legs nice and tight against my pussy.
I could feel it slowly getting wet, even without me touching it.
I was so turned on, my chest going up and down with my heavy breathing.
Purposefully I was soiling a very sexy nice thong for a stranger.
And even better that stranger was paying me for it.
My whole body was ready, I was ready.
"This is going to be good," I thought as I took my best vibrator and plugged it into the socket.
I lay down on my bed. Set the vibrator on the lowest setting and began teasing my body.
Starting at my breasts slowly working around my nipples.
I felt a fire go throughout my whole body. I could not take it anymore and lowered the vibrator from my nipples to my pussy.
With my free hand, I pulled my thong as far up against my ass and pussy as I could.
I felt so nasty doing it, doing private intimate actions solely for a stranger.
And even worse, only because he was paying me.
I held the vibrator against my clit. Immediately I had a mini orgasm. I was so ready for this.
I have done this before just pleasuring myself for hours, laying on my bed, and letting the pleasure take me.
I kept going for hours completely soaking my thong every time I came.
Until everything cramped up so badly that I physically could not move anymore.
While barely moving and slowly recovering in bed I texted the buyer that I had his order ready.
He responded immediately where he needed to pick it up.
I panicked because it was pretty late and kinda forgot that I agreed to give him the panties when they were still wet.
I looked at my alarm clock, it said 10:30 PM.
I knew I would not have to leave campus for the dropoff point but where would it be?
*Bzzzz*
A new text from the buyer, again asking me for the dropoff point and time.
Our campus had a big library normally open until 9;30PM but since the finals were coming up they will be open until 11 PM.
I knew that the third-floor female bathroom was rarely used and had a bit of a reputation that it was being used for "Inappropriate manners".
Alright Location picked I could be there in a few minutes, so I told the buyer that he could pick it up at 10:50 PM library female bathroom on the third floor.
Getting back on my feet felt unsteady as the cramps just had been gone.
I pulled up my favorite black yoga pants, the ones all the college girls wear.
I did not bother with a bra as it was dark outside. I just put on a white crop top and slipped on some sneakers.
No jacket was needed since the early days of June had treated us with some nice weather.
Walking past the fountain on the main square I realised I made a huge mistake.
First I thought I had forgotten to bring the panties.
But... I had brought them...
I was still wearing them.
"Fuck!" I muttered to myself.
"Really, Hailey..."
I was glad my yoga pants were black because I was 100% sure that I would be showing a wet spot.
I was getting turned on again, the feeling was great.
The soaking wet soft fabric was pressed tightly against my pussy because of the yoga pants.
With every step I took, I got more and more aroused.
"Okay, get there as quick as you can."
"If you are quick enough you can get out again before he shows up."
I could feel my cheeks get red while walking towards the library.
It was from both excitement and embarrassment.
Quickly I slipped into the building without being spotted, the entree hallway was luckily empty.
I began running up the stairs after a couple of steps I sank to my knees as I moaned loudly in the stairwell.
The friction on my pussy was incredible from running up the stairs.
Quickly I got up and began walking, slow this time.
I looked at my phone and saw it said 10:47 PM.
"FUuuck," I said out loud.
I had no choice, It was running up the stairs or being late.
Running it is.
Biting on my lip trying not to give in to the feelings I reached the top of the stairs.
My face was now fully red and I had a light shimmer of sweat on my face.
The bathroom was close by, I quickly looked left and right.
There were maybe 5 people on this floor.
Most of them were packing their things to go to their rooms.
I think without being spotted I entered the bathroom and ran to the back stall.
Quickly jumped out of my sneakers and pulled my yoga pants and thong down.
It made a proper sucking sound when the fabric disconnected from my pussy.
A big string of grool tried its best to stay connected to the thong but it lost and landed on my thigh.
The thong was completely drenched.
Instead of the original deep blue color of my thong, it was now very dark blue, almost black.
But the inside was white. Not from the original color but from all my juices.
Stepping out of my yoga pants and thong, I picked up the thong.
It was heavy, and it smelled delicious.
The sweet but penetrating smell of my pussy was oozing from it.
"Focus Hailey!" I thought to myself.
I looked at my phone.
10:53 PM
I had a plan.
Without putting my yoga pants back on I unlocked the stall door.
Peeking out the coast was still clear.
I took 3 big steps and arrived at the sink and placed my thong.
I immediately turned around and ran back into the stall.
My heart was pounding in my head.
My whole body felt on fire.
I needed to calm down.
Quickly I reached down to pull up my pants when I heard the bathroom door open.
I froze.
Bent over holding my pants in my hands, barely having my feet in them.
I heard slow loud steps.
This bathroom had 5 stalls and 3 sinks.
I was currently in the fifth stall and I put my thong on the third sink.
I could just feel that the person that walked in knew I was in there.
The steps had stopped, I think they were in the middle of the bathroom.
"What is he doing, just standing there!" I thought to myself.
Then I heard more steps coming closer to the end of the bathroom.
They stopped again.
Suddenly there were quick footsteps. It scared the shit out of me, but they were going to the opposite side of me.
The person was now standing at the sink that had my completely soaked and creamed thong on it.
I heard nothing for a little while when I heard a big sniff.
"Is he sniffing my thong?" That was not that crazy but out here?
Then he took another sniff and I heard him moan.
"Fuuucckk," he said softly.
He began walking towards the door when he stopped.
"What is he doing?? Please leave!" I was begging him in my head.
*BBBZZZZZZZ* My phone got a message but because I put it on the toilet its vibration made a lot of noise.
"FUCK!" I yelled in surprise followed by me slamming my hands against my mouth.
"Thank you very much for your product, I have never seen it in such a good condition." The man at the bathroom door spoke to me.
"I have sent you a token of my appreciation, Good night."
"I would leave quickly if I were you, They have been checking this bathroom at closing time. Everyone that was in here got reprimanded."
Before I fully registered what he said I heard the bathroom door close.
It took me 20 seconds before I could move again.
Immediately pulling up my yoga pants.
The wet patch at my crotch meeting with my still dripping wet pussy again.
I shoved my feet into my sneakers, grabbed my phone, and exited the stall.
I glanced in the mirror when I walked past.
My face was fiery red and shining.
The face people get when they have a really good workout.
You know which face I'm talking about.
I thought about quickly splashing my face with water but I needed to get out of here.
I opened the bathroom door and walked towards the stairs.
When I saw the security guy coming from the left I began to run.
"HEY!, STOP!" He yelled.
I had seen him a couple of times. I was pretty sure he did not get a good enough look to recognise me so I kept running.
The security guard was a nice guy but a bit overweight so I knew he was not going to catch me.
Running out of the library I met the cool almost summer-like breeze.
It was refreshing, to say the least.
I stopped running but walked fast towards my dorm.
Reaching my room I just let myself fall into the bed.
All the excitement and hornyness had transformed into tiredness.
I almost fell asleep before I reached the bed.
The sun shining on my face made me wake from my slumber.
I had gotten rid of my shoes during the night but I was still wearing my yoga pants and crop top.
Realising my boobs had gotten out I was not wearing my crop top but it was still on my body.
I looked at my phone to see what the time was.
8:00 AM.
I did not have my first class of the day until 10:30 AM so I had time to slowly wake up.
I replied to the texts I had not yet read until I came across a bank notification.
A new deposit had come through.
Yesterday at 10:56 PM.
$450.
"$450!" "Who gave me $450?"
Then I realized I knew exactly who gave me that money.
I started the special chat app and saw I had some new messages.
But also a new message from the man of yesterday.
"Thank you again for the panties.
I have never seen one of such high quality as yours.
Most girls use their underwear to wipe after they pee and then sell them.
But yours is truly amazing.
If you are open to doing this again, I am willing to pay the same $500 per pair of panties.
Kind regards,
M."
I was in awe, the whole experience felt extremely aroused but the ending did not feel too good and left me with a bit of a negative experience.
This M did not feel this way at all.
I was intrigued, this was serious money. I would earn more than I do at my waitressing job.
This started my relationship with "M".
We did several more transactions like this before any changes happened.
There was only one change, I only sold to "M".
All transactions happen similarly.
He picked out the panties.
I vigorously masturbated in them.
Wore them to the dropoff point at the library.
The transaction happened.
The first couple of times I would leave after dropping my panties off.
But the last few times I stayed in the stall.
I began fingering myself as soon as he came into the bathroom.
I did not dare to speak but you could hear the wet sounds and my whimpering moans through the bathroom.
He would leave and I kept masturbating until I came.
It felt like the perfect solution.
It gave me such highs that I masturbated less, I made good money doing it.
After a while I got curious about this "M", who was he and how did he get all this money?
I was certain about a few things.
He goes to the same college and lives in a dorm on campus.
He was 18-23 years old.
And he had money. A lot of money.
I had done an add-up from everything I received from him and it was close to 4000 dollars.
We had only been doing this for close to a month, that is a lot of money for someone who goes to college full-time.
I decided to send him a message.
"Hey M,
I have been really curious to learn more about you.
We have this ongoing transaction which I am very pleased with, but I keep wondering who the receiving party is.
Kind regards,
H."
I kept the message short and kinda formal as he always did.
I signed the message with my first letter.
This was the first time I gave him any information about me.
But it was only my first letter and he did as well.
It did not take long to receive an answer from him.
"Dear H,
I would like to make a different kind of proposal to you.
In one of the earliest messages I sent you, I mentioned some ideas to take things a step further.
If you wish to know more about me, It is time to take it to the next level.
I will give you 2 options, you can pick which one you want.
Option 1:
Upon delivery, you stay in the bathroom stall.
Keep the panties with you.
When I enter the stall next to you, you will hand me the panties.
I will do my thing and give them back to you.
I know you masturbate during our transactions.
I want you to put the panties back on and then masturbate until orgasm.
After that, I will answer 3 questions you have.
But I will answer these questions with 1 word.
Option 2:
For every piece of information you give about yourself I will return the favor.
If you tell me your name, I will tell you my name.
You get the drill.
To make it exciting we will properly meet in public and have a coffee together.
Kind regards,
M."
Option 1 turned me on. Our transactions always did and this was expanding on it.
I was not a fan of option 2, This felt like a coffee date and I was not ready to just meet him for the first time in public.
It was a very easy decision.
It was going to be option 1.
We came quickly to an agreement.
The very next day I was in the stall waiting for him.
The weather was getting better so I wore a skirt and a sexy long-sleeved shirt that has a boob window to show cleavage.
This time the underwear of choice was another very sexy thong.
It was properly soaked as always, I was a bit early so I decided I could probably orgasm before he arrived.
I closed the toilet lid and lay on my back.
I lifted my feet and put them against the stall door.
I was so fucking horny, I immediately pulled the thong to the side and shoved 2 fingers directly into my pussy.
I was gushing, I don't think I have ever been so wet.
The sopping sound was amazing.
Before I could finish someone opened the bathroom and walked in.
I immediately knew this was not "M", this was a girl and she was talking on the phone about some boy she liked.
Slowly I put my thong back on my pussy but started playing with it again.
Hoping that the fabric would smother the sounds.
It did, partly. I was too close to orgasm to care.
When reaching my orgasm I could not contain myself.
I moaned loudly and even squirted through the thong onto the floor.
It sounded like a tiny waterfall falling into the cold tiles. Together with my loud moan, it was 100% clear what happened.
I instantly froze and kept quiet but the damage was done.
"OMG, some slut just squirted in the bathroom."
She quickly left.
Not even 10 seconds later the bathroom door opened again.
I could not tell who this was, but they took the stall next to me.
I heard the person knocking 3 times on the wall.
"I guess this is M." I thought to myself as I knocked back.
I saw a hand appear beneath the wall between the stalls.
A male hand.
I stepped out of my thong, dripping with my cum.
I dropped it into his hand.
The hand disappeared.
I heard a big sniff and even slurping sounds.
"He was sucking my panties!?." I don't know why but I was surprised.
Next, I heard a zipper and believed he dropped his pants.
"Was he going to masturbate next to me? He was going to do his thing so I assumed so."
His soft moaning confirmed my suspicions.
It did not take long before I heard him orgasm.
He moaned a lot, I liked it.
It sounded extremely sexy and sensual.
Then his hand appeared again holding my thong.
I took it from him, immediately realizing it was coated with cum.
Naively surprised, but I knew the next step.
I had to put it back on and achieve orgasm.
Then I could ask my three questions.
My hands were shaking as I pulled the thong up my legs.
It was warm and wet as I was used to, but still, it felt different.
The thong was filled with hot sticky cum and that was now all pushed against my pussy.
I LOVED the feeling, it was so hot.
I could not contain myself and quickly began masturbating again.
Within a minute I had achieved orgasm, this time the moan was a long cry.
"You came?" I heard coming from the other stall.
His voice echoed through the bathroom.
"Yes..." I almost cried as everything I was feeling almost became too much.
"Lovely, What are your questions?" His voice was nice, a bit deep but fit perfectly with all the anonymity.
I had to try to compose myself again after all these orgasms.
My body wanted me to continue but I sat upright.
Subconsciously when I sat upright I had licked my fingers clean as I usually do.
Never realizing they were coated in his cum.
I was too busy thinking about the questions because I had far too many and almost none of them were answerable in 1 word.
"Yes, My first question is."
"What is your name?"
"My name is Mike."
Mike, that explained the M of course.
"How old are you"
"I am 22."
22, He is 4 years older than me.
I liked older boys.
"How do you...."
Then suddenly *BAM* something fell on the floor.
I looked under the wall between us and could barely see him grabbing something black little box off the floor.
"What was that?" I asked him.
He replied "My Phone."
Then he stood up and left the stall.
"Wait! Where are you going?" I yelled at him.
Trying to get myself presentable but when I looked down I realized that from my bellybutton to close to my knees I was covered in cum.
He said calmly.
"I answered your three questions, now I must take my leave."
He left the bathroom.
My skirt was too short to cover it.
I decided "Fuck it" and left the stall after him, but it was too late.
Running after him proved infertile as he was long gone.
The only thing that did happen was that a girl was about to enter the bathroom when I came out. She saw my red face and since my skirt was short my cum covered shiny thighs were visible.
She immediately turned red and I quickly left before anything could happen.
As the cum had dried up while walking towards my room, I first took a shower to wash it all away.
I took the showerhead off its handle and washed the cum away.
While washing the cum off my pussy I got all tingling again.
My mind was a whirlwind of different emotions that were extremely difficult to control.
My pussy was giving me clear instructions, MORE.
It needed more now, washing turned into masturbation.
But it needed more of today.
Doing nasty things, taking a stranger's cum, and knowingly rubbing it on my pussy.
I loved having a wet pussy, the nastier the better.
And having experienced it now, cum filled underwear was amazing.
The warm sticky goo, I could feel it sticking together between my lips.
Even accidentally exposing myself to the girl turned me on, she knew I had been doing nasty things in there.
I needed to get off now!
Luckily I had my 8" dildo close within easy reaching distance.
I placed the suction cup on the wall behind me, I slightly bent over and stuck it in.
My pussy just sucked it all in, I had never felt like this.
I understood the term when someone was in heat.
I was in heat right now and it did not matter who saw or heard.
My mind was gone, my body fully on autopilot.
I did not hear my moans, if my roommate or neighbors were home they would have.
With every thrust I threw myself on the dildo, making sure it went as deep as possible.
Meanwhile, with my other hand, I still held the showerhead and aimed it at my clit.
My moaning turned into screaming as I had the biggest orgasm I ever had.
Not being able to stand as my legs began to shake, losing all strength I began tumbling down.
The suction cup stood no change as my pussy was gripping the dildo with all the strength it had.
I landed on my right knee first, and this shot me forward with my head right into the wall.
Then it all went black.
Thinking back at it, I still can't remember much the week after.
My roommate had come to my rescue, she had heard everything.
She could already hear me moaning loudly, when I began screaming everyone heard that.
But when the screaming followed a heave *THUD* and then silence she immediately got up and helped me.
Me and my roommates had a special spare key rule.
We all had a key to each other's rooms. Only for emergencies.
This was because of an old roommate, she once had a seizure in the shower and hit her head pretty bad.
Since then we have had this rule.
It also works out when you orgasm so hard you knock yourself out.
I had a small concussion, which made me bedridden for a week.
I had a black eye, but otherwise, I was fine.
The only thing I could not get rid of after this was the new nickname my roommates gave me.
"The bombshell knockout."
But it was something I could easily live with.
And most people when they hear it think of something other than what had happened.
It was a few weeks later when I had contact again with Mike.
I did not need the money but my body was craving another sexual adventure.
I had not realized at the time, but in the last meeting we had we never talked about money so I never received money.
I had done the most nasty sexual activity of my life for free.
Saying it like that did not sound weird at all. feeling like I had been scammed or he owed me money.
I sent him a message, This time he did not respond for a few days.
I send a new message.
No reaction for another week.
I did not want to feel like some crazy girl that could not handle rejection but my body screamed for attention.
I wanted another sexual unknown adventure.
I sent him a new message and went to the library bathroom.
It was now high summer so I only wore a sexy summer dress that was a tiny bit seethrough.
No bra as I now more often did, but I still wore a thong but pulled up as high as I could. Giving myself a massive wedgie and having the actual fabric up my pussy and ass.
It was only 11 a.m. on a Saturday so it was very quiet in the library, almost no one was there.
Walking into the bathroom I found the last stall locked.
I was a bit surprised, No one was in the library but my stall was locked.
I went to the stall next to it and took a seat.
No sound came from the stall and when I looked underneath the wall I saw no feet.
Making up my mind, I stood up on the toilet to have a peek in the next stall because my gut was telling me it was empty.
Very slowly I peeked into the stall and made a huge sigh of relief as it was empty.
But why was it locked?
I immediately spotted a letter on the toiled lid saying "H".
It was for me!
It must be from Mike, who else could it be?
Not being able to control myself I franticly began looking for something to open the door.
I found a coin on the third sink I could force the lock with.
With a couple of tries the door unlocked.
I quickly went in and locked it again.
With shaking hands, I took the letter and read it.
"Dear H,
I know you must be almost unable to stop yourself.
I hope you are as horny as you have ever been.
To continue our relationship I want to take it to the next level.
The reason I paid insane amounts of money for your underwear was very simple.
It was never solely about the underwear.
I was seeking someone to play with.
I seek someone as adventurous as me and willing to play this game with me.
The game I like to call for now is "The Task Game".
It is very simple, I give you a sexual task, you do the task and show proof.
If you don't want to partake in this, then I'm very sorry, but this will be the end of our relationship.
If you do want to partake I want you to do the following.
I want you to start masturbating but you are not allowed to come.
To orgasm and also start the game, we need some stakes.
How can it be a game about completing tasks, If you have no incentive to complete said tasks?
I want you to willingly make a little blackmail video for me.
Video yourself now in the bathroom stall.
I want to see you fully nude face and all, playing with yourself.
Film until you reach orgasm.
But before you orgasm I want you to say the following.
Tell me:
- Your name, first and last.
- Age
- College you attend.
- The name of your parents.
- Agree to willingly make this blackmail video to be spread around if you fail the tasks.
When you send the video to me, you may orgasm.
Know that if we go through with this we will go further than your wildest fantasy.
I promise you will be safe.
And don't forget to do your tasks.
Much Love,
Mike."
*********