I was shocked. She didn't have her panties on either!
Ally kicked off her shoes, pulled back the covers, jumped into bed, turned onto her back, and opened her arms and legs as in welcome. Looking at me standing at the end of the bed still dressed she hissed, "Get your clothes off and get over here!"
I threw off my clothes and jumped in as well giving her a big kiss. I could tell she was hot, but I needed some answers before I would be able to do my best for her. When I drew back after the kiss and looked at her, with her brows drawn together, she seemed like she didn't understand what was happening.
"Hey, hey, let's just slow down a minute," I tried to reason. It wasn't helping that she had grabbed my cock and was tugging on it like she was milking a cow, pulling me between her legs. "You were going to tell me how it went as soon as we got home. We're home now."
She rolled her eyes like a spoiled child. "Oh come on honey! I'm so wet I'm sure there is already a spot neither of us will want to sleep on! Tonight got me so hot!"
"Not until you at least tell me a little bit. I wasn't there. I thought we were doing this together for both of us," I tried to reason. It was getting more difficult because now I had a raging hard-on with her hand on me. I had been more than ready to go since I left the club the first time. The only reason I hadn't jerked off was because I knew we would have time together right after I picked her up. "At least tell me what happened to your bra and panties!"
At that she let me go and her lower lip came out in a pout. "OK," she said with resignation. We were still face to face and now that she had let me go my cock was laying across her cunt, pubes to pubes, and I couldn't help but rub her with it. As it scraped across her opening I'm sure it was rubbing her clit because the way she squirmed and humped against it was as if she were trying to get me inside without either of us using our hands. She reached down and grabbed my ass to keep me in place as she humped me.
"When I first got there you didn't have your bra," I managed to get out, "Did you leave it in the locker?" That had been the only explanation I could think of while I had been on my own waiting. Maybe Barbara had told her it would be better without?
"Noooo" she said in frustration, "Someone took it during my first dance."
That surprised me so much I became still. "What?"
Ally gritted her teeth, rolled her eyes again and said, "I didn't know that you should leave the clothes you take off in a pile over by the steps leading to the stage. By the time Barbara got my attention during the second song it was too late, someone had grabbed it and stuck it in their pocket I guess."
As she was saying this she still had my ass in her hands and was grinding herself against me. I lay still, my cock hard against her.
"And the panties too?" I wondered.
She looked back in my eyes with the evil look she can get when she's being real nasty. "No, I sold those to a guy at the end of the last dance. For fifty dollars! They were so wet by then! As soon as I gave them to him he put them up to his nose and smelled them, then he let his buddy next to him do the same. While I was buttoning my dress back up I saw him take them back from his buddy and then lick the crotch. I almost came right then! Enough for now?" She almost yelled this last part and I instantly remembered Pete in the other room. I nodded just to keep her quiet, then by pulling back slightly, maneuvered my hard as nails cock into her opening, slamming fully into her-hard. She let out a happy squeal and we were off.
After holding off as long as I could, making sure Ally had at least one orgasm, It was hard to tell how many orgasms she had. Never been so wild. Cumming into her, we lay on our backs. Both of us were sweaty. Neither of us was ready to sleep yet.
When I caught my breath I asked, "And so how did the rest of the night go?"
I looked over to Ally and she looked at me with a big, big smile on her face. When Ally smiles big she has dimples on both sides. They were the deepest I had ever seen to that point.
"When I first came in the door I was really scared," Ally admitted, "I was excited too, but I had never been in such a place before, so at first I was more scared."
I immediately thought what a fool I had been to just drop her off and drive away and was about to apologise to her for the misstep but she went right along before I could say anything.
"Then I saw Barbara. She was standing at one of the first tables to the right as you come in the door." She glanced my way to see if I knew where she was talking about and must have seen something in my face. "What's wrong? Are you not ready to hear this?" Her face was suddenly full of worry.
"No, no," I tried to quickly reassure her, "I was just thinking how stupid I was to just leave you there. I should have known."
"What? No. Honey, you did nothing wrong. It wasn't any different than the time at the fair when we walked into that fun house. Remember?"
I had to grin at that. I did remember and had teased her about it for months. I was glad she was able to tease herself about it now. I knew all was forgiven and it did put this situation in perspective. "I'll never forget!" I said with a grin.
She grinned back and continued, "I took a step or two in Barbara's direction and she looked up and saw me. She just leaned down quickly to whomever she was chatting with at the table and came over to me. As you know we could hardly hear each other so she pulled me back along the wall to where the door was to the changing rooms. It's a lot quieter in there. Still loud but it's quiet enough to at least talk normally."
We had both laid back onto the pillows holding hands but looking vacantly at the ceiling. Ally was in story mode and I was her listener.
"She explained to me the general rules and how things worked. There were some forms I had to sign and she opened her locker for me to put things inside as she took the signed forms to the office."
"What kind of rules?" I asked.
"You know, like the one not to really kiss you while we were visible to customers. There were a couple others about when we weren't dancing but she said to just stick with her in between sets and follow what she did. She suggested I take breaks when she's dancing if I didn't feel comfortable being alone. I did for the first couple hours but by the end I was fine." She looked over at me. "Is this OK? I don't know how much you want right now. It is getting late. This isn't very sexy."
"This is fine," I said, "I'm still pretty keyed up. Remember I was here alone for hours and all I could do is imagine what you were doing." Turning to her and after giving her a tongue sucking kiss I pulled back and said, "I know you are just a teasing little minx, but we have weeks to go over the whole night. Maybe get to the good stuff, if there is any good stuff."
She giggled and set back taking a huge breath. It made her chest swell under the covers and I felt myself getting slightly stiff again. I lay back again to listen.
"OK, so, the dancing part. I should have written down music I like to dance to. Of course the regular girls bring their own or the DJ's know and have it but I just used Barbara's suggestions on her list. I knew all her songs but one but when it gets down to it, there's not a lot of real dancing that goes on. Barbara said they used to be able to dance right up to the edge of the stage and even step over onto the small bar in front of the guys sitting around the stage but regulations stopped that last year. Now there is a red line drawn a couple of feet back from the edge of the stage that the girls are not supposed to touch, much less go over. Keeping track of where that line is is very distracting if you're not used to it. She said the authorities are wanting to bring the line even further away from the edge. The authorities want the girls to actually dance but pretty soon all the girls will be able to do is wiggle in the middle of a small area if it gets much tighter." This last was said in a way I know was a quote from Barbara and I knew Ally was reliving the night as she saw it in her own mind. This was good. I knew she'd get to being heated up just as she was in the club when she got to 'the good parts.'
"After we went back out Barbara went over to the manager and introduced me. He was the first guy to stand in front of me and look me up and down without trying to hide what he was doing. I felt like I was being auditioned or auctioned, either way it seemed to make me wet right off. All he did was point to the DJ and nod to Barbara in that direction. I glanced back over my shoulder as we went that way and noticed he was looking at my ass or legs as I walked away. He caught my eye and smiled. It sort of gave me the chills but I also felt like I had passed some test. When I turned around I looked at my arms and I did have bumps. Weird, huh?" I glanced at Ally and saw it was a rhetorical question since she didn't look my way. She continued. "The girl dancing right then was at the end of her set and there was another waiting so the DJ put me on right after her. Barbara would have gone on then but she said it might be best to get it over with since it looked like I was 'jumpy,' in her words. We hadn't talked about the tip money yet, neither of us had thought of it. So I did my dances, Barbara did her's and we were just going to put my tips in her locker when you showed up." She sat up and turned to look at me with an impish smile. "That's about it!" She giggled.
I knew a tease when I heard one so I grabbed her laughing and said, "No that is not! Details girl! Details!"
Now looking each other in the eye as we lay back onto the pillows she went back to her story.
"Nobody uses their real names there so I was Rosey for the night." This was new, I had never even thought of that. "When I heard them announce Rosy to the club I wasn't sure if I'd be able to get up the three stairs onto the stage. You know I'm comfortable with my body. You can't be in front of hundreds of people in a skin tight leotard and not get used to it, but this was different. I wasn't going to have even that barrier by the time I was done. Having so much positive reaction helped. Lots of the guys were already throwing money by the time I was half way through the first song. That really gave me a charge. I think that's why I lost my bra. I don't even know where I was on stage when I took it off. I just knew the song was coming to an end and Barbara had told me it was expected that I would be topless after the first song. My nipples were so hard by then they almost hurt!"
As I had thought, I could see in her eyes she was reliving the moment. I slowly started to move my fingers lightly down her flat stomach, over her hip and onto her thigh, lightly caressing her up and down as she continued.
I could feel her skin get bumps when she said, "By the middle of the second song I knew I would take my panties off. I loved the way guys looked at me with such devotion, hunger, surprise, lots of different looks from so many men. I felt I didn't want to let them down, and I didn't want to just be a tease. After all that's what they were there for, full nude bar. I did tease with just my panties on the last song. You know how sheer that pair is? Er, was?" She gave out a throaty giggle. "I pulled them up tight front and back and leaned over with my butt in the face of a guy who had thrown out a five dollar bill. That got some cheers. Then I pulled them down to just show the top of my pubes and the crack of my ass and danced for a minute like that. At what I figured was about a minute left I pulled them off completely and made sure they were by my dress where Ally had motioned me to put my clothes after the first dance. By then I had already noticed my bra had disappeared. When I continued to dance nude I noticed a couple guys who were holding up fives so I danced over to them and gave them a good look like I had with the first guy with a five. Only now there was nothing between me and their eyes. Oh, my god!"
I had been keeping up my caresses and went to the inside of her thigh about the time she said she was down to her panties. When she said she had bent over and showed the 'guys with the fives' her cunt I had pushed my finger into her. She was sopping wet. And not just from our previous lovemaking. This tale had taken her back to the moments when she was, by her words, 'a slut.' She had shown men she didn't know, would never know, had no intention of knowing, every part of her body including a look at the spot where, by cultural standards, no one but her husband and gynecologist would ever see! That is the nastiness that pushed my girl's button.
Between what she had told me and seeing how turned on she was it pushed my buttons too. I was again hard as a rock. I rolled onto her and my cock followed where my fingers had just been. Once I was fully inside I pulled back the covers and turned us over so Ally could take a ride. She did not disappoint. I ended up putting my hand over her mouth since she had continued to try to tell me how she felt at that time while at this time slamming herself so hard up and down on me her breasts slamming down like she was on the gym floor.
"They looked into me!" She almost shouted. "They could see every part of me! They wanted to fuck me! I know they did!" These were just a few of the things she said over and over as she came like I'd never seen before. I was unable to hold back anymore myself and felt like I lost some of my intestines shooting up my cock as I came inside her. She collapsed into my arms, both of us sweaty and wet, telling each other how much we loved each other. Assurance from both sides.
When all was done and we lay curled in each other's arms, Ally said right before we drifted off to sleep, "I think maybe we should do this again next month."