The weekend with another couple started as innocently teasing my husband and actually I never thought it would lead to more than flirting and teasing.
Maybe I should start at the beginning. My husband and I have been married most of our lives. We were farm kids and grew up neighbors and best friends who spent every free minute together. I think we had decided way before we knew what sex was, we wanted to be husband and wife.
I didn't realize I was an exhibitionist. Skinny dipping in the farm pond seemed innocent enough. As we matured, I loved doing the unexpected things like taking off my top when we were fishing by the river, knowing full well some lucky fisherman might see. I realized not only did things like that excite my husband but turned me on too. I discovered I loved being naked outdoors.
There was an occasion when quite unplanned and unexpected another guy was involved. We hadn't been married very long. It didn't change our lives, but it definitely broadened our experiences in sex. I guess I realized that day that my husband was not the jealous type.
So fast forward 25 years. My husband's friend John lived close. John was nearly like a clone of my husband. Their looks and build were close enough for them to pass as twins. Both were 6' tall 160#. They have dark blonde hair and blue eyes. They both had great tans. Their actions were close to identical, but John seemed way shyer. That was probably my fault because I corrupted my husband over the years.
John's wife Jane was the complete opposite of me. I am the outdoors adventurous type and maybe, no I am definitely an exhibitionist. Jane was like my grandmother. She always dressed old and preferred craft shows and flea markets over hunting, shooting, kayaks, water skiing, scuba diving, white water rafting and sex, that my husband and I loved doing. John loved tagging along for some of our adventures.
I can't say for sure what Jane's figure was like because she kept it covered from her neck to her ankles. Even her feet were always covered in granny shoes.
As for myself, I'm no super model but, I certainly didn't hide myself. I am 5'5" tall, 120#, I have blonde hair with a red tint, strawberry blonde if you will! I have fair skin that gets a golden tan when I spend a lot of time in the sun. My eyes are blue. I'm no "Bond Girl" but I think my 34 26 36 body isn't so bad.
Since we live on a lake, a small bikini or cut off jean shorts work out well on hot days and somehow seems to make cool days warmer.
One weekend the four of us went to a concert. We drove in separate cars. I know it probably makes me seem old school, but it was the Oak Ridge Boys. We had separate rooms, but we had plans to spend lots of time together as couples. So, the first night things went kind of sideways. We met when we were checking in and soon the conversation turned to what we were wearing for dinner.
Jane said casually, "I never wear a dress that doesn't go to my ankles because John always wants his hands under it if it's not."
I'm thinking," I thought that was the purpose of a shorter dress!" I'm pretty sure the guys and Jane, noticed my expression to her comment, especially when I rolled my eyes.
We went to our rooms and of course I wanted a quickie before we dressed. It was awesome, by the way. So, a fast shower after sex and I picked a denim dress that buttoned up the front and hit just above my knee. The bottom two buttons were left undone. I thought it was respectful and kind of sexy at the same time. I decided like nearly always to forget the bra but put on a pair of skimpy black string bikini panties. I gave one last look in the mirror before presenting myself to my husband and noticed that the outline of those panties was a little visible through the dress.
My husband approved of my attire. He actually asked if we had time for another quick romp. Sadly, we didn't. I think a hotel brings out the need for sex in both of us. Wait, I made that sound like that was something different. We or maybe I always want sex!
It all started really going wrong when as soon as John saw me, he let out a not so quiet, "oh wow!" That pretty much set Jane's mood for the evening.
To be fair it set my mood too. I loved his reaction. So did my husband. I actually think most women as well as their husbands appreciate another man thinking she's attractive. Especially when they're 40 something!
After a brief tense exchange of not necessarily pleasant glares from Jane we walked to the in-house hotel restaurant.
I think we were all surprised that the wait was already nearly an hour. Jane was grumpy like always and offered," great now we get to listen to the guy's gripe about the long wait."
I found myself thinking, "Jane was the only one complaining so far! "I excused myself to go to the little girl's room. I actually didn't have to go that bad I just didn't want to try to talk Jane for an hour.
Ok do you remember I said I was an exhibitionist. I also love teasing my husband. It's a fun game I've played for years! Well, that naughty little voice inside my head whispered, "Take your panties off!"
The other voice in my head seldom tries to argue because it knows it's a lost cause.
The panties were soon off, and I was headed back to try to make the wait more fun. I will admit there was a cool breeze going up my dress was hitting my damp bottom.
I was a little surprised when Jane was still standing but the guys were gone. Jane just pointed across the room. I motioned for Jane to follow me and went to join the guys who had scored two seats.
Both guys seemed to be watching me get closer. John had this blank stare on his face. I tried to position myself so John couldn't see, then leaned and whispered to my husband, "Will you hold these for me?" His eyes got big as I slipped my panties in his hand. Then I turned and sat on his lap with my knees facing John.
It was soon obvious that my teasing was working. I could feel my husband's cock growing.
By now my dress had ridden up my legs. It was getting dangerously close to my bare bottom. My husband was very uncharacteristically quiet. John was talking constantly. I think he was trying to hide his excitement. I couldn't help but notice he kept looking at my lap as my dress was exposing maybe a little too much leg.
"Maybe unbuttoning the third button wasn't such a good idea," I silently thought to myself.
I'm not sure I was actually hearing everything he said. Then suddenly he said," I never get sex anymore!" I certainly heard that and so did my husband. I felt his cock twitch under me.
I have to say I was enjoying feeling my husband's almost hard male body part under my panties less bottom. I thought I would twist the knife that was digging at his male hormones as I squirmed on his lap and said, "You sure are a lumpy seat."
Okay seriously, I never meant to be rude to Jane, but she refused to be part of the group. I guess the three of us were having so much fun that Jane had to walk across the room and tell us they were calling our name for a table. "OOOPS!" Well, I guess you all can imagine that by now Jane was pretty pissed off at all three of us, but she seemed angrier at me than the guys.
As we walked to our table, I glanced back at my husband to see how visible the bulge in his pants actually was. I was a little bit shocked to see a pretty sizable very damp spot right on the lump. I casually ran my hand around my back side only to find an even bigger wet place on my dress. I was relieved to be seated and hopping our clothes dried before we had to stand again.
Jane's attitude didn't improve as we got to our table. I scooted into the booth first and my husband after. My husband certainly didn't miss the fact that as I slid into my seat my dress flashed my bare bottom. Jane seemed to want to distance herself from me and let John slide in on their side first.
I tried to make small talk with Jane, but it was obvious I was not her favorite person. John on the other hand was still talking, a lot. My husband was still quiet, but I was truly impressed by his table manners. He only had one arm above the table and no elbows at all. You can probably guess where his other hand was. Yup it was on my lap.
I knew my husband had very agile fingers because for years he could unfasten my bra with one hand. It took a few seconds to realize he was slowly unbuttoning my dress. I suppose that's why he was so quiet. It required his total concentration.
It got even more difficult to listen to John ramble on, when I felt my dress fall off both sides of my lap. Thankfully my husband's hand soon was keeping my very delicate pussy warm. Did I say warm? Maybe it was wet and close to hot!
I was a little concerned that because the booth was elevated one short step that the waiter might get a free show. If he did, he didn't seem to mind and hey, we had great service!
When there was finally a break in John's rambling I actually tried to talk to Jane. I started by asking about her son and his two sons. Her answers were short and maybe a little blunt as if saying they were none of my business. I thought I might try one more time and asked, "What songs that the Oak's do you like?"
There was frown on her face as she answered, "I really don't care for any of them!" That made it pretty clear she didn't want to be anywhere close to me and certainly didn't want small talk!
That actually was ok because suddenly I was a bit distracted by the cool air suddenly hitting my belly button. I leaned back and glanced down to find my dress unfastened one button above my navel. I had a realization that there were now at least 6 buttons unfastened leaving just about half the 17 of the buttons to keep my dress from exposing my braless boobs and bare bottom!
I gave my husband "THE LOOK", to let him know that maybe, just maybe this wasn't a good time for me to be nearly naked.
I loved the sparkle in his eyes as he smiled that crooked smile I love and said," You started it!" I guess he was right but still!
The waiter stopped by the table to say our order should be out soon. Jane was her typical self and made a rude comment about the service. The young man apologized and asked if we wanted refills on our drinks.
Soon the meal was delivered and again John was doing most of the talking and like before I for one wasn't actually listening. Jane seemed more agitated by the minute.
The waiter stopped again and asked if we wanted desert. Jane of course was the first to answer with a "NO!"
" I'll have a large Vanilla milk shake," I said.
The young waiter asked, "Do you want whipped cream?"
"Yes, please and could you add a cherry, please," I said with a smile. My dirty mind was wondering, who was whipping the cream?
That caused the other two to follow along which once more seemed to piss Jane off.
The shakes didn't seem to take long. Really people I was not trying to cause trouble with Jane, but that little voice again was soon whispering instructions about the bright red cherry that came in my shake.
I smiled as I held the cherry up to my husband saying," Would you like to have my cherry?"
My sweet loving husband answered, "I already had yours, but I will take that one too." Three of us laughed. You can guess which three!
John should have just stayed silent, but he hadn't since we got to the restaurant. "I wish I had gotten a cherry," he said smiling.
What happened next wasn't exactly pretty. Jane became the angry wife from a bad horror movie. She ranted on about John was her first and made it clear she wasn't amused but his remark. She ended the rant by standing and leaving!
John at first thought he might just stay at the table, but we insisted he go see if he could calm her down. Besides we were now being scrutinized by everyone present in the entire restaurant. I actually felt a little uneasy about my dress being nearly off. We decided to finish or shakes quickly and go also.
We got to the elevator and my husband pushed the button to call the elevator.
It wasn't really late but no one seemed to be out and about. Maybe they had retreated from Hurricane Jane! Once inside and the door closed my husband pushed the second-floor button and immediately backed me into to corner and started at the buttons on my dress again.
I have to say he was also pushing all my buttons at the same time. Within seconds my dress was open, and he had his hands wrapped around my breasts. He started kissing my nipples. I loved it as his teeth threatened to bite.
That's just about when the door to our floor opened and much to our surprise, and I'm guessing it surprised them too, there stood four young men. They looked to be college age. Oh, and I might add they were cute too!
It was obvious that we had to exit the elevator and that meant walking past those young men. I casually pulled my dress closed as much as was possible since it was completely undone, and my husband and I walked out right by the wide-eyed young guys.
I think they were so busy gawking that they didn't realize they nearly had the door blocked. I just smiled as I brushed against one of them. As we walked down the hallway I looked back over my shoulder and saw all four guys standing and watching.
I had to smile as the elevator door closed leaving them. "You missed the elevator," I said almost laughing. I can't imagine what distracted them.
Our room wasn't far and as my husband unlocked the door, I stood facing him with my back to those guys.
My husband opened the door just a little but stopped, holding it open with his foot. He moved his hands to my dress. I moved my hands away letting it open exposing my entire front. His hands slowly pushed it off my shoulders as I looked into his sexy blue eyes, letting it fall around my feet. It took my breath knowing my naked backside was totally on display to 4 young guys we didn't know. My husband held the door open as I quickly stepped inside.
Do you remember I said I was an exhibitionist? I stepped back out the door to get my dress that was in a crumpled heap on the hallway floor. I held my left arm across my chest nearly hiding my left breast as my hand cupped my right one. I stooped down and got my dress. I looked the short distance to the guys, and they were still a very attentive audience.
Once again that little voice inside my head that has over the years caused many naughty adventures was whispering, "give them a show."
I let go of my breast and dropped my arm as I casually turned two slow circles as I pretended to do a little dance before I slipped back inside our room! Of course, my husband was in attack mode and was quickly guiding me to the king size bed in the room.
It took nearly an insurmountable amount of self-determination to disappoint him as I put the brakes on. "I want a shower first!" I insisted. I had planned for weeks this moment. I had purchased new sexy lingerie just for this occasion. Obviously, I had not planned on teasing John or the boys in the hallway. That was a special bonus, I suppose.
I adjusted the water and started my shower. As the hot water ran over my head it dawned on me, I should have worn an ugly shower cap, so I didn't have to dry my hair. The hot water felt nice running over my already excited body. I know it wasn't nice, but I was actually enjoying keeping my husband waiting.
As I started to use the crappy hotel hair dryer, I thought I heard my husband knock on the bathroom door and say something. I guess I should have listened, but I laughed thinking to myself he was getting impatient. I left my hair a little damp and just ran my fingers through it. I knew that's how my husband liked it best.
I applied my "Tabu" bath powder generously in all those special places I hoped he would explore. Then I dressed in my new plum color PJ set. The bottoms were very loose boy shorts of sorts. The top was a barely there open on each side loose fitting thing that barely reached the bottoms. The outfit was so see-through that it didn't hide much but it did give what was underneath a sexy tone. I smiled as I wondered how long it would take for it to be on the floor next to the bed!
I opened the door and walked out ready to see my husband's reaction. I turned the corner to enter the bedroom portion of the room and much to my surprise, there was John sitting on the couch while my husband was sitting on the bed.
I know I probably looked a lot like a deer caught in headlights and started to do a fast retreat. My husband was quick to get on his feet and as he reached to hold my arm saying," hold on let us look at you. Oh, my I love that."
We kissed as he ran his hands over my new PJs caressing my body through the thin material. "Wow, you absolutely look beautiful," He said.
I was a little surprised that my husband seemed to want to expose me to our friend. I looked into his eyes as he started to slowly turn me in a complete circle as he looked me over from head to toe and exposed my nearly naked body to our friend John. His next move was both shocking and totally sexy. He lifted my top over my breasts. He kissed each nipple then lifted the top higher. I didn't resist I just lifted my arms and let him take it off. I glanced at the top as he tossed it on the bed.
I had a silly thought," It took less than a minute, at least it wasn't on the floor!"
John was still in the same clothes he wore to dinner. My husband was in just a sexy pair of black silk boxers. Obviously, he had not dressed for company either!
Not long after the top landed on the bed my husband turned me again, to face John. I knew John was getting a good look at my not so big but totally pink and perky breasts.
I leaned back into my husband, turning my head for another sexy kiss. I expected his hands to grope my boobs but instead he slid his fingers in the top of those loose bottoms and slid them down over my hips. When they settled around my feet, I simply stepped out of them.
John seemed excited as he saw for the first time not only my naked body, but he discovered I had red pubic hair. Yup, the drapes don't match the carpet. My eyes met John's and I loved the look of lust on his face. I also noticed the bulge in his pants.
He moved me closer to John. Our friend almost looked afraid as stood directly in front of him totally naked and on display.
Dan was behind me. My back side was pressed against him. His arms were around me trapping my arms at my side as his fingers explored my pussy.
I took a deep breath as his talented fingers drew small circles on my clit. The unmistakable aroma of sex filled the air.
Slowly John's hand raised and let it settle on my hip. He was looking into my eyes as if asking for permission to touch. My tongue licked my upper lip as a nodded my permission.
That was all it took for him to start exploring my body. Soon he was cupping both breasts as my husband continued his assault on my clit.
I think I forgot to breathe as John spent a little time kissing and nursing both nipples. I actually thought I might pass out.
Dan must have realized I was struggling as the attention from two handsome men was making it difficult just to find the strength to stand.
He moved me to the recliner. Omg, soon one of my legs was over the arm of the chair. My other foot was in the chair my knee was up and leaned over against the arm of the chair. I was spread wide, and my very wet pussy was on display.
My husband soon was on his knees He slid his hands under my ass and pulled me closer to the front. His face soon was between my legs as his talented tongue worked on my slit. John moved to one side and had one hand holding the barefoot that was dangling over the chair, the other hand was gently pinching my nipples.
When I realized he was still dressed, I reached for John's belt. He seemed to take the hint and was soon undressed to his boxers.
John leaned for a kiss, but I turned my head and softly said, "No!"
It wasn't that I wouldn't have enjoyed the kiss but in my own mind that made it more than just sex.
Just about then is when my husband slipped what seemed like two fingers inside me as his mouth was teasing my clit. After all the years we have been making love, those fingers knew exactly where to find just the perfect spot to set me off. Add to that John was kissing my breasts and I got an amazing orgasm. I needed to pull my legs together, but Dan was still right between them.
Just as I started to breathe again Dan slid up my body kissing every inch as he went. He kissed me so hard and long as he shared my juices from his messy face with me.
As the kiss ended, he moved aside. He motioned for John. John didn't need any more encouragement. I saw his rock-hard cock as he freed it from those boxers. The tip was almost purple, and it seriously looked like it was about to explode.
I was only trying to be helpful when I reached to guide him inside me. I had a great view of his hard cock as it was inches away from my pussy. Just as I touched it, he groaned and shot spurt after spurt of his cum. The first shot was a nearly perfect hit on my slit. The second hit my clit but went higher and left a trail of thick white cum on my red pubic hair and ending at my belly button. The third squirt landed mostly between my breasts, but a little bit hit my chin. He was so embarrassed.
"Omg John, that was the sexiest thing ever," I said as my fingers felt his man juice on my bottom. It was an amazing feeling as I pushed two cum covered fingers inside my wet pussy.
Dan didn't waste time and just replaced John between my legs. His cock felt so incredibly wonderful as it slid slowly inside. I couldn't resist running my fingers through the mess john had made on my body. I don't think it went unnoticed by my husband as I smeared it on his cock as it slid in an out of me. The thought of John's cum in me was mind boggling. He just kept increasing speed until he was pounding my insides as his balls slapped my ass.
It wasn't long until he pushed deeper, and I could feel his cock pulsing as it unloaded. His body pressed against mine while we kissed.
The feeling of him inside and knowing he was smearing John's man juice between us and deeper inside set off another orgasm.
I guess we were a little preoccupied because we didn't realize John was dressing until he left!
I guess after his orgasm his mind started thinking about how mad Jane was. After all that's why he had come to our room anyway.
Our night wasn't over, we just moved to the bed! It was just Friday night and the beginning of the weekend!
Maybe the rest of the weekend is another story