This is part 3 of a continuing story. It can be read from here but it will make more sense if you start with the first two installments.
... continuing on ...
Clare laughed and hit me in the ribs playfully. I winced and hugged her closer as we wrestled. Across the room Janine was cuddling with Stan while sitting in his lap. Her long legs were folded up and she leaned against his chest with one hand idly caressing his chest inside the robe. They looked very happy together.
Clare yawned as we cuddled together and it was contagious. "Damn, girl," I said with a grin. "You should warn us before doing that." She smiled back at me.
"I'm not afraid to admit I'm tired," she said. "You three wore me out very nicely, thank you." She yawned again with a grin.
Across the room Stan and Janine fought to hide their own yawns and smiled sheepishly. I grinned at them.
"Yeah, me too," I said. "Time for bed then," I asked? There seemed to be general agreement and we got up to shut things off and moved towards the stairs.
I did a play-sulky face and said, "Guess this means I don't get anything tonight then – you being tired and all."
Clare laughed at me, digging an elbow into my ribs.
"You pervert," she said. "Aren't two girls enough for you for one night?" Stan and Janine laughed with her as we moved up the stairs. Janine went first and I watched her backside swaying from side to side as she climbed, making it obvious what I was doing. Stan just grinned at me and stopped to watch too. Clare glared at us and Janine stopped to see why no one was following her.
As she looked back down the stairs at us I put on my best innocent look and pointed at Clare. "Hey, she was ogling you, too." I pointed out. Stan just laughed at us.
Janine smiled back at us and said sweetly, "Why then you need something to ogle, don't you." She had been undoing the belt around her waist and opened the robe. Holding it back she struck a pose and said,
"See anything you like, boys and girls?" Her lean body showed the shadow of muscles and highlighted the domes of her breasts. Her nipples pointed out and swayed as she moved from one leg to another. She dropped the robe completely off her body and threw it down the stairs at us before spinning around and running up the last few steps naked.
"If you can catch me you can have me," she taunted and disappeared around the bannister towards their bedroom. Stan laughed and jumped up the stairs ahead of me following her to the bedroom. I heard the door open and close then squeals from Janine.
I looked down at Clare who was still snuggled into my arm and said quietly, "I've got all I need to catch right here." I bent down to kiss her as she melted into my side. I know, it was sappy but I meant it and she knew I meant, too.
I moved to let her up the stairs before me. Her hands undid her robe and she slipped it down her body while looking at me over her shoulder. Stopping she threw it over one shoulder like a jacket and looked me in the eyes. Her expression was soft and inviting as she slowly turned back to walk up the stairs. I followed watching her backside as she deliberately took each step in turn. At the top she turned towards our bedroom and paused for me to catch up.
I smiled at her. "Good," I said. "For a moment there I thought you might want to chase her down too."
She grinned at me. "Be good or I can always walk across the landing, mate," she warned.
We walked into the bedroom and I carefully closed the door behind me. Clare laughed and hopped into bed – the room was cool and she snuggled down until barely her eyes could be seen.
I walked around the bed to get in on her right side. She turned to face me as I pulled the covers back and slid in beside her. I reached out and put an arm under her neck as she turned to lie against me. I felt her breath against my skin as she quietly breathed. The heat of her breasts warmed my side and chest and she rested a leg across my thighs.
She felt wonderful. I held her close and caressed her back as we enjoyed the simple pleasure of being naked together. She ran her hand across my stomach and played with my belly button looking up with a very satisfied smile.
"You seemed to enjoy yourself," she offered. I smiled back at her.
"And you didn't?" She grinned back,
"I didn't say that, now did I," she countered. She sighed.
"To be truthful, if that's what sex with our friends would be like all the time I'd almost hope she doesn't catch very soon so we can do this a lot." She bit at her lower lip as if nervous to admit it. I smiled down at her and reached across to play with a breast.
"Yeah, it was pretty intense." I felt her nipple respond and hugged her closer. "As much fun as it was it still isn't the same as making love with you," I continued. "Not that I will complain if we want to do this with other couples. "Janine was fun to play with and I really, really liked watching Stan fuck you," I admitted. It was true, watching those two together had been a visual treat; something I looked forward to seeing again soon.
"God he felt good," she giggled. She looked back up at me, "and she tasted fantastic. I didn't realize how good another girl could taste. Did you like watching me with her?"
I nodded. "Of course I did. You were incredibly sexy using your mouths like that."
Clare continued, "That's the thing, though. I don't think I'd just want to go for a girl without a bloke involved. It wasn't her – it was both of you I was enjoying." She licked her lips as if remembering the taste. "And you know I like my own taste you pervy bastard – how many times have I cleaned your cock after you've had me?" We giggled together – countless times would be the answer.
She looked at me wistfully. "Maybe one of these days I'll get you to return the favor, eh?" It was true – as exciting as she was and as much as I enjoyed eating her, once I'd cum in her all my desire to do oral left me.
"I know," I responded. "It's a double standard and it's not fair." Old discussion we'd had from time to time.
Her hand had strayed lower on my stomach as we chatted. She ran it through my curls and held my cock softly in her hand. It stirred as she caressed me slowly.
She snorted and lifted the covers to peer down at me as blood started to get me hard again. Looking up in disbelief she said,
"Seriously? You haven't had enough?" She was smiling while she teased me about the automatic response. Through the walls we suddenly heard the unmistakable sounds of the bed springs complaining in a steady rhythm from the other bedroom. We laughed quietly together at the situation. Normally after two rounds of sex like that we'd both be passed out in exhaustion.
I made a disappointed face down at her, quivering my bottom lip.
"You mean you don't want me," I asked? My hardening cock kept rising in her hand as she stroked me slowly.
"I should make you beg for it, pervert," she threatened. "I heard that fiend crack you made."
I laughed at her comments. The noise level from the other room went up a bit and we heard the odd passionate voice.
"I bet if I checked I'm not the only one who's ready for a bit more," I said moving her so I could run my hand down between her legs. She laughed and squealed at me as she rolled onto her back. She continued to pull me over on top of her and quickly aimed my cock at her opening. My head slid in easily and she laughed some more.
"No, I'm not ready you randy bastard," she asserted. "You're just taking advantage of my delicate state," she said and quickly thrust her hips upward impaling herself on my cock. She was tight and wet as she urged me to move in her. Her legs came up around my ass and she used her hands to pull me down against her. I don't believe we're doing this again.
Opening her eyes she continued, "Stan was nice – the whole evening was nice – but right now I'd like a nice comfortable fuck from my man so I can go to sleep feeling you inside me. Do you think you can cum again?"
It was possible. Generally I'd say I was fucked out and this erection wouldn't last long enough to let me climax again. But I looked down into her eyes and saw the love of my life. With this feeling I felt my cock grow as I slid inside her. I nodded and stroked steadily between her legs.
Leaning down I kissed her gently on the lips and as she opened her mouth I let my tongue explore her. Our breath came a bit faster and I moved so I could suckle on her breasts. My hands caressed her skin and I moved each breast to my mouth where I suckled on her nipples in turn. The hard round nubs stood out proud from her and I gently nipped each one in turn. She groaned at the sharp pain and clutched me harder.
Moving up on hands and knees I looked down at our bodies. Whenever I bottomed out her entire body shook from the impact. She bent her arms up inside my embrace and placed her palms against my chest. Her hands flexed fingers in time with my thrusts and her nails started to dig into me.
Her head moved from side to side and she started moaning from deep inside. Her legs still pulled me into each thrust as she actively worked my body for her pleasure. I grabbed at her hands and pulled her arms over her head, stretching her out under me. She pulled in mock battle but seemed content to let me move her.
I moved my knees closer and she gasped at the sudden change of angle. This time I wasn't going to work her through a climax first. Knowing I was tired I was working to find release for myself and I could see her realizing this was a one run romp. She lay helplessly under me as I drove my body in and out of hers. Our bed moved and banged against the wall as I moved us steadily to climax.
She started talking – begging really, "I want to move ... let me move ... please." Interspersed with grunts as I drove the air from her came more begging. I knew she didn't really want to move – she just wanted to talk, to feel helpless. We had played this game many times before.
"No," I replied. "You can move when I'm done." She moaned at my response still trying to free her hands. I continued to talk as I worked myself inside her.
"You said you wanted a nice comfortable fuck with your man – here – how's this feel – comfortable are you?" I pushed home extra hard to make her groan.
"You've been a bad girl, darling. I saw you playing with Stan and using him to get off." Her eyes flew open at this – I knew she had a little kernel of guilt way deep inside from what we had done earlier.
"Well this is what you get when you use other men for your pleasure. You get used – hard – by me. How's it feel to have me using you to get myself off? Does it feel good? You better keep up because when I'm done, that's it. If you don't get off you can sleep like that all night. Come one – you know you want to. Feel me swelling? That's how close I am to just exploding."
I taunted her as I drove us closer to climaxes. She was quivering around my cock at these words. Her excitement level was so high her hands were clutching air and driving her fingernails into her palms. I could see her on the tipping point of another big climax and I was right there with her.
"Here, this is what you deserve" – I slid home hard and ground my cock into her. She started jerking and wordless noises erupted as her cunt clenched at me. She was shaking her head in denial as I suddenly released her arms to slide each arm around the back of her legs rolling her up onto her shoulders.
I caught her hands again and hammered my cock into her pulsating body. One more stroke and I am there. I feel my body preparing to blast into hers.
"Look at me," I commanded. Her eyes opened and she looked up as I suddenly released her hands and legs. She gasped at the sudden change and as we slid back down face to face my body exploded. I cried out and buried my head in her neck as I felt each throb of my cock inside her. Her arms clutched at me and I felt her nails draw blood in my back as she raked them across my shoulders. Her teeth bit into my shoulder hard as she stifled hers screams against my body.
She gasped and cried as we lay together, each twitching in the aftershocks. I lifted my head and kissed her mouth with all the love I felt saying, "I love you. I'll always love you no matter what you do."
She kissed me back and we softly touched each other in mutual assurance. We'd come to the end of another day – still in love – and still together. I tried to move off her but she held me with quiet noises.
"Stay, stay my love," she crooned. "Let me feel your weight. I want to fall asleep with you in me and on me. Stay."
I succumbed to her embrace and felt the wave of sleep stop my thoughts as my eyes closed for the night.
God how I love this woman!
Saturday Morning.
I woke up to bladder pressure while it was still dark. Looking at the clock I could see it was close to my usual wakeup time and silently groaned. We had shifted and Clare was cuddled against my left side with her arm across my chest. There was no denying my need to get up, though. I shifted to the right in preparation for sliding out quietly. She stirred and sleepily opened an eye.
"Bathroom," I said quietly, kissing her on the forehead. She smiled and settled back down as I managed to extricate myself. She hugged my pillow to her and seemed to return to sleep.
The air was cool in the room and I quickly found the robe I dropped last night. I padded barefoot to the door and opened it quietly so as not to disturb her more. Easing it closed I stepped down the stairs quickly as the cool air made the bathroom a higher priority.
Closing the door to the bathroom I flipped on the light and stood at the bowl getting rid of used wine. I shook my head experimentally and was happy to feel no bad effects from the drinking. I felt surprisingly alert and rested for the short hours of sleep. I decided to take a shower knowing I wouldn't be able to go back to sleep.
The water ran hot and I stepped under the stream letting it wash the remaining sleep from my eyes. As the water ran down my back I felt a sudden twinge of pain and I remembered Clare's nails. Opening the shower door I turned my back so I could look at it in the mirror. There were several tracks of red across my back but my left shoulder had two open scratches that had scabbed over during the night. My right shoulder showed a bruise where her teeth had tried to meet but she hadn't broken the skin.
Yeah, that was some good sex. Hope she felt the same way this morning.
I washed my back carefully and rinsed my body. Drying off I grabbed the robe and tied it back around me. All my clean clothes were upstairs and those could wait until later.
The house was cold and I moved to the fireplace to build a new fire. We had plenty of kindling and coal ready so it only took a few minutes work. This fireplace also heated the upstairs with vents leading into the bedrooms.
Fire started I went to the kitchen to start some coffee. Outside the darkness lightened in preparation for a surprisingly clear dawn. I waited impatiently for the brewer to finish – this was a morning for coffee. I poked at the fire as it started to warm the house. I heard a door open and close upstairs followed by light footsteps down the stair. Turning I saw Clare appear at the bottom.
"Potty," she said quickly and disappeared into the bathroom. Looked she was on the same mission. After a couple of minutes I heard the shower start. I went to the kitchen and got 2 cups of coffee ready for us. Unlike others I had known she wouldn't take more than a couple of minutes to freshen up. I carried the coffees to the eastern window to watch the sky brightening. Clare joined me shortly.
Taking the second cup from me she leaned in to kiss me. "Morning, luv," she said.
"Good morning," I replied. We sipped our coffees in companionable silence.
"You want to grab a blanket and watch outside," I offered? She nodded and I grabbed one from the couch to take outside.
The air was cold and we quickly settled onto the love seat by the window. I draped the blanket around us and Clare leaned against my shoulder as we watched the sun start to rise. Mists covered the ground ahead of us and mixed with the woods on one side to create darkly mysterious place. The sun continued the climb and rays of light speared ahead creating shadowed areas.
"Perfect," she murmured and I agreed with her. Mornings like this were rare and special on this island.
"How are you this morning," I asked with a grin?
She smiled back. "Do you mean, am I consumed with jealousy for your fornicating with our friend," she teased? "Or am I wracked with guilt for having fucked her boyfriend while you watched? Or am I ready to swear off sex completely and join a nunnery because I liked the taste of a girl? Is that what you mean?"
I laughed at her extravagant comments.
"Um, none of those, actually. I thought you might be a bit sore this morning, is all," I teased her back.
"Pervy bastard," she said. "You knew which buttons to hit last night didn't you. How's your back this morning?" She turned her hands out in inspection. "Nope, didn't lose any nails; must be losing my touch."
We smiled together – our morning banter a sure sign neither one had any problems with the previous night's activities. The sun shown down brightly sending warmth across our legs.
"Wonder what's on the agenda for today," I wondered aloud.
She thought about it for a moment and then said brightly, "Sex, probably more sex. Hope you got your rest." She giggled at us and snuggled back in to my side.
"You'll probably want me to distract him again, too; no rest for the wicked, eh?" She gave a wicked little laugh and hid her face in my side.
"Taken your pill yet?" I asked her. I knew she had. That was as automatic as yawning for her. "They asked us for one baby, not sure they're ready for twins."
"Pig!" she exclaimed digging me in the ribs. Laughing she continued, "You'd like that, wouldn't you. Knock us both up at the same time – let you feel like king of the barnyard."
I laughed back at her. "Just because she can't get pregnant by Stan doesn't mean you can't, minx."
"Oh no," she laughed. "I'm not ready for kids."
I heard noises from inside and looked around to see the other two back in the kitchen. "Looks like our partners in crime are awake," I said. "Want to get some more coffee?"
We walked back inside and joined Stan and Janine.
Good mornings were exchanged and the girls hugged as they usually would. So far everything looked comfortable for us. We took our coffees to the table and sat down as a silence descended on the room. I could see Clare sizing up the mood and waited for her to get things started. She took a final sip and placed the cup firmly down.
"I hereby call this meeting of Tarts-are-us to order and ask for any new business," she said seriously. Stan and Janine snorted their coffee as we laughed at her gambit. She smiled back at us.
"Right then," she continued, "now we've got that out of the way has anybody got any problems with last night? I sure don't – that was pretty damn good for me." A series of shaking heads answered her question.
No," said Stan. "We are both fine – had a great time too and no regrets." Janine nodded in agreement and looked up at me.
"Aside from being a teensy bit sore this morning I'm wonderful," Janine said.
"I'm not surprised," I said. "We heard that animal attacking you again, you poor defenseless girl."
Stan grinned back as the girls giggled, "Yeah, same here, Mick. That bed of yours sounded like it went through the wall. She attacked you, right?" He said that with a serious look.
"Cheeky bugger," Clare said, throwing a dish towel at him with a smile. "It was you two that set him off!" She shook a finger at him in warning, "Watch it or I'll decide I'm too sore for anything – you'll just be watching instead."
She looked back at Janine with a suddenly serious look, "Assuming you want to again, hun." She reached across the table and took Janine's hands in hers. "There won't be any pressure from us at all."
"No, I'm fine, really." Janine reassured her. They smiled at each other and leaned across to share a chaste kiss.
"Do you mind if we at least have breakfast first," I asked plaintively? That had predictable results.
We ate and decided to walk to the beach on what promised to be a beautiful day. Jeans and t-shirts were the best choice and we strolled along the deserted shoreline. There wasn't any discussion but we turned towards the village and spent the morning playing in tide pools and the old beach defenses. By the time we reached the village we had raised an appetite and voted for a pub lunch. The local was a free house run by a retired army NCO named George. He kept a good beer and managed to avoid being swallowed up by the big breweries with good food, great barmaids and a little tourist trade.
We ordered our meals and settled in with drinks to wait. Service was quick and attractive with one of the local girls as the barmaid. We knew her slightly from visiting here and she lived in a bungalow not far from our place. She had the red hair, pale skin and freckles of the Irish and a soft brogue when speaking. As usual she was in a tight peasant top without a bra and wearing a matching skirt. It was the type of look guaranteed to get better tips since it exposed a lot of her breasts when she bent over or got the light behind her. After she left the girls kidded us about enjoying the show which we staunchly denied to no avail.
The village was about three miles from the house so after lunch we walked back along the shore again since it was the shorter path. The tide was on the rise and new bits of flotsam were delivered with each wave. The afternoon sun was much hotter than the morning and we soon got rid of our footwear to walk in the surf. Stan and I rolled our pants legs up to keep our clothes dry and soon came out of our shirts. The girls had worse luck since their pants fit tighter than ours and wouldn't stay rolled up very far. It wasn't long before one wave soaked them up to their knees generating complaints. I suggested they just take their pants off and walk along in their panties and t-shirts. They giggled at the suggestion and I asked what was so funny considering we hadn't seen a single person on the walk in either direction.
"The thing is," Clare confessed, "neither of us is wearing any today."
"No bras or knickers? Watch out, Stan," I warned him. "I think we've fallen in with wild company today."
He nodded with a grin and the girls threw seaweed at me in retaliation while laughing. I pointedly looked up and down the deserted coast again and said,
"Who exactly is going to see you," I asked? "There isn't another house anywhere along here and you'll be able to see anyone walking long before they get close enough to see anything."
"Walking along with just a shirt on?" Janine asked. "That would feel weird."
"Well then drop the shirt, too," Stan suggested. "Easy enough to roll it all up and carry along."
The girls laughed and I could see them exchanging opinions with their eyes as they considered the idea. The heat and discomfort of the wet clothes were obviously winning this battle. Clare shrugged and lifted her shirt up over her head exposing her pale breasts to the sun. She tossed it to me and unbuttoned her pants quickly wiggling them down off each leg. She folded the pants and I handed her the top back which she quickly rolled up with her shoes inside the pants. Tucking it under one arm she looked expectantly at us.
"That feels better," she said. She took a couple of steps and twirled around in a dancer's move before looking back. "Come on you lot. Get them off – you two guys, too. If we're going starker's you can drop your pants and give us something to look at."
She had a point. Well, she had two points really – one on each breast as her nipples had tightened. I didn't think another minute but undid my pants and stepped out of them along with my underwear. Stan was doing the same thing and when I looked up again we were all dressed alike – in a smile. The sun felt great and the breeze across my cock and balls was stimulating. I took advantage of the moment to appreciate our companions who barely had a tan line between them except at the necks and upper arms. British weather didn't encourage a lot of sunbathing especially this early in the year.
We set off down the beach playing in the water and splashing each other until we reached the deeper channel of a creek that drained the marshes. With the flowing tide its channel provided deeper water and I dropped my clothes in a dry place to wade in until I was waist deep. The others joined me and we swam around in the chill water for a while.
"Brrrr," complained Clare. "I've got to get back in the sun before I turn into an icicle." I knew what she meant – cold water and guys rarely go together well. By general agreement we scurried back out where the cold's effects on my manhood were obvious. Stan was in the same condition.
"Yikes," exclaimed Janine. "Look at the boys," she said in mock horror. "We've lost our toys."
Clare laughed and moved close to hold my balls in her hand. "Oh, are the boys cold," she asked with mock seriousness. "Do they need warming up?"
She dropped to her knees and easily put all my cock in her mouth. Looking up at me she mumbled around the mouthful, "Where's the rest of it?"
I laughed down at her and replied, "Keep sucking – you'll find the rest any minute now." I could feel the effects of her mouth stimulating me to grow. Beside us I could see Janine and Stan in the same position – she was working his cock in and out of her mouth and he had recovered enough to require both her hands.
Janine glanced over at Clare and said without taking him out of her mouth, "I found mine. Do you need some help?" That came out very distorted but you could tell what she said.
Clare glared back at her as they kidded each other. No, she didn't need any help at all as I was coming to full length.
Clare removed me from her mouth looking at Janine. "Wanna make a bet"" she asked?
"What kind of bet? Janine asked.
"Bet I can make mine cum before you can," Clare challenged with a grin. Janine took Stan from her mouth and stroked him while she considered the challenge.
"Can't swallow until we see the evidence," she countered. Her nipples suddenly got hard.
Clare continued, "And just to keep it fair we swap guys," she ended with a grin.
Janine giggled and held out her hand in agreement. "Agreed, but only if we make them get back in the water first so we both start with a cold cock." They laughed together as they ramped up the conditions.
"What's the forfeit, ladies," Stan asked. They stopped, obviously not considering what the loser would do.
"What's this cold water thing, too?" I said.
Janine looked at me with a smoldering look. "I'm going to give you a blow job – swallow - and you're complaining about a little cold water," she asked.
"Umm, no." I reconsidered. Clare laughed at my sudden reversal.
"There's going to be two losers," she said. "So what do we agree they both do?"
"Finish the walk naked?" Stan suggested. There were two bungalows left to pass but not very close to the path.
"What if we meet someone," Janine asked?
"Guess they'll get an eyeful then, won't they," laughed Clare. Stan looked a bit nervous as he realized he might be on display.
"Don't worry, Stan," she said. "I'll let you hide behind me." The girls laughed at our reluctance.
"Alright guys, whoever wants a blowjob get in the water," ordered Clare. I shrugged and waded back in with my cock bobbing around in front of me. The cold quickly started to shrink me back down to the size of a cherub. Stan was quick to follow me. The girls continued to add conditions to the bet until I wondered if they were playing to lose. They decided it had to be by their mouths only – no one could use their hands and we couldn't touch them at all. Listening to this slowed my shrinkage but the cold soon overwhelmed me.
"You two ready yet," Janine enquired. "Stand up and let's have a look."
I stood up and exposed my shrunken manhood to their gazes. Stan hadn't quite subsided to their required condition so we were ordered to immerse ourselves again. The water was cold and flowing harder as the tide started to peak.
"Okay, how about now?" asked Clare with a grin. I was almost blue from the cold and I had shriveled to virtually nothing. Fortunately Stan was in the same condition.
"Come and sit up here," Clare directed us. We settled down in the sand feeling the warm breeze across our skin.
"Ready, then?" Clare asked Janine and they settled down in front of us. "No touching, boys," she reminded us. The girls took a last look at each other and opened their mouths to suck us in.
Janine looked up at me and said, "I don't fancy walking the whole way back starkers so don't hold back, okay?" I nodded.
Clare looked over at me and threatened, "You better let me win or you won't get lucky for a week, mate!"
Janine objected, "Hey, that's cheating. I could say the same thing to Stan." Clare relented but threw another item into the loser's bucket.
"Losers have to serve the winners dinner, too," she said. Janine thought for hardly a second before she agreed.
Smiling Janine opened her mouth and sucked me inside. I could feel her tongue moving around my head and she quickly got me hard enough to start bobbing up and down. As I warmed up my cock grew inside her mouth until she could feel me bumping the back of her mouth. I felt her trying to swallow a couple of times but she gagged instead and went back to sucking as she moved me in and out of her mouth. Looking over I could see Clare working Stan's cock and he had risen to his full length. Clare caught me looking at her and gave me a saucy wink. She was moving her head quickly and I could see her cheeks caving in as she applied suction to him. He shifted on the sand and let out a sigh.
Janine picked up the pace on me covering her teeth with her lips to run them along my cock. She leaned forward to put her hands in the sand on both sides of my hips. Leaning forward so I could see her breasts swaying to her movements she worked me through her lips sucking at my cock. I could feel myself responding to this concerted attack. Watching these two work on us was incredibly erotic and their self-imposed competition just added to the excitement.
Janine worked me deeper again pushing at the back of her mouth. This time when she swallowed I could feel myself sliding past her gag point and entering her throat. She kept swallowing as she moved her head back and forward which massaged me with firm pressure. I could feel myself getting closer and moaned my excitement.
I heard Stan gasping and looked over to see him jerking his hips back into Clare's mouth. He looked close too and I wondered who would be losing. At this point I didn't care. I could feel pre-cum moving through me and Janine was moaning as she licked and sucked me dry. This was incredible – beautiful weather, outside on a beach and two gorgeous naked girls competing to see who could win a blowjob bet. My hips moved in response to her efforts and I watched her body moving in front of me. As good as it felt I knew I had time to enjoy this – it would take more than her mouth to get me off very quickly. I settled back on my elbows with a satisfied sigh, content to be the loser.
Janine looked up to see me watching her. I could see her realize I was in no hurry to finish and she was most likely spending the rest of the day in her birthday suit. Beside us Stan was being vocal and moving his hips in response to Clare's mouth. I heard Clare humming while she sucked him and moved his cock between her lips.
Janine released me to say, "Lie down, Mick." I complied and she reversed her position to put a knee on either side of me. Her breasts settled against me and she moved to take me back into her mouth. Looking up I could see her cunt hovering bare inches above my mouth. It wasn't dry.
"Hey, we said they couldn't touch us," Clare objected.
"He's not going to touch me," Janine said. "I just wanted to change position."
She ducked her head to look at me underneath her – arching her back so her breasts lifted clear and spoke between them. "You heard her, no touching, right?" She grinned at me and lowered her body so the nipples raked across my skin as she massaged me with her breasts. She sucked me back into her mouth and settled down so her weight lay the length of my torso.
Oh God. I could feel the heat of her cunt and her scent surrounded me. I wanted to reach up with my tongue to taste what was so tantalizingly close. My excitement rose as she continued to wiggle her body on me. This was a serious turn-on and I felt my body responding. The sight of her cunt so close to me was a terrible temptation. Janine sucked my cock harder as I felt my excitement start to climax. Gasping for air I groaned in imminent release.
Unbidden and unable to stop myself my head lifted up and I slid my tongue along her slit. She hummed around my cock and jumped as I tasted her. I had just cheated and didn't give a damn what the penalty would be as I felt myself seconds away from climax.
Suddenly I heard Stan cry out. Janine let me drop from her mouth and quietly said, "Damn, he came."
She lifted herself from my body to sit beside me saying, "Let's see the proof then." I could see Stan panting heavily and his skin was flushed. Clare's mouth was still around his cock but she had more cum than she could handle and the overflow was dribbling from her lips.
Clare released his cock to sit up. Her eyes were bright and Stan's cum leaked from her lips down across her chin where it dropped in long strings to hit the flushed skin of her breasts. She smiled with lust opening her mouth to show the proof stirring the pool with her tongue. She leaned toward Janine grabbing her head by the hair. They kissed and Janine trembled as she tasted her boyfriend in Clare's mouth. I could see them swallowing together as their tongues danced inside their mouths.
When they pulled back Janine followed the drops of cum on Clare's chin with her tongue as Clare smiled. "You missed a drop," she said pointing to what had landed on her breast. Janine smiled back and leaned down to suck it from her skin.
Clare grinned at me over her head and blew me a kiss as Janine licked her breasts. This was all sexy as hell but I hadn't cum and the unreleased tension was a torment. Clare raised an eyebrow at my condition as she said,
"You do realize you get to walk back with that, right?"
"What?" I exclaimed. "Oh come on luv, I can't walk like this," I laughed at her. Janine looked over her shoulder at my erection which was pulsating in the breeze.
"Rules are rules," she grinned.
"I don't remember hearing that one," I protested.
"You didn't, I just made it up," Clare said with a grin. She moved over to sniff my face and pulled back with an accusation. "I knew you were trying to cheat. Who's that on your lips?"
Oh, yeah; she caught me there. My inadvertent taste of Janine was going to cost me dearly, it would seem.
Stan grinned over at me. "Sorry, Mick, but when I saw her reverse on you it sent me over the edge."
Looks like I will be pointing the way back. I walked over to get my clothes looking like a whipped pup but Clare got to them before me. "You won't need those," she said.
A sudden shadow passed over us and I looked up to see clouds building to the west. We'd been concentrating on each other so much we'd missed the changing weather and it looked like a small shower was on the way. Typical British weather. Clare and Stan pulled their clothes back on quickly then gathered our things and started down the beach.
My cock was bouncing along in front of me as Janine and I followed along. I might have subsided but watching her firm body sway and bounce was also arousing. With each step her breasts jiggled and moved from side to side. My guy was bouncing around all over the place and Janine giggled to see me suffering. Clare stopped to look around and said with a grin,
"Maybe she should hold on to that so it doesn't get hurt."
Janine moved closer beside me and held my cock in her hand as we walked along. I flashed Clare and Stan a grin as we passed them."
"Woof," I said. "Woof, woof. Better than a leash I suppose."
Janine's hand around me was stimulating and whatever firmness I had lost I quickly regained. I could feel her body rubbing against mine as we walked in unison. To be honest, there are worse ways to take a walk.
We were less than half a mile from the small path that lead through the shore marshes back to the farmhouse. The sun was still playing with us but it had stayed warm and pleasant. The conversation had remained warm and the ribald comments (along with Janine's hand) had kept me up as well. I noticed Janine's nipples had stayed firm and stood out at the tips of her breasts. I had coated her hand in pre-cum from the constant stimulation.
Turning to her I said, "I'm thinking you're enjoying this, aren't you."
She smiled back and answered, "First time I've taken a bloke for a walk by his cock. Bet Stan will enjoy this too," she smirked, "and, yes, this is fun." We laughed together as we passed by the last of the rolling dunes to turn up our path. Behind us Clare and Stan were still cracking jokes at our expense.
A sudden shower of sand from the trail over small hill to our left announced a visitor. We stopped, shocked, as a woman appeared from around the bushes to confront us. She stopped in her tracks as she saw us standing there and no one said a word. It was the barmaid from the pub.
... to be continued