(For those who appreciate erotica and those who enjoy a nice story...even if there's a little mistake hidden somewhere I forgot to look...)
Two WrongsDOmake a right
Kelly Richmond was having averybad day.
It had been about 20 minutes since she had hung up the phone and she was still in shock. Jennifer, her girlfriend for the last 9 months, had ended their relationship with a phone call! Not only that, but Jennifer had admitted that she had been having an affair with aman! And, to rub a little more salt into the open wound, the man she had been seeing behind Kelly's back was there with her while she was on the phone, laughing quietly in the background! Finally, the last part of bad news was that Kelly actually knew who the man was, in fact, she knew himverywell.
It was Josh, herbrother!
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Kelly had first met Jennifer a little under a year ago when, at 20 years old, Kelly was still struggling with her sexuality. She had 'come out' when she was 18 and immediately wished she hadn't, her parents weren't supportive of her and fully expected her to grow out of thisphase. However, to their disappointment, it wasn't simply a phase she was going through.
Kelly had become shy and withdrawn after that, her parents never treated her the same way and her younger brother tormented her about it. She hadn't wanted Josh to know about it but her parentskindlyfilled him in, much to his amusement. He's only a year younger than Kelly but sometimes he acted like a child. Two years after telling her parents about it she decided to move in with her long time friend Ariel. Kelly was as excited to be moving in with her best friend as she was to be getting away from her family!
Because of her family's reaction to her sexuality Kelly hadn't been able to meet anyone, her only friend in the world was Ariel and, unfortunately, she was straight. Ariel had been the very first person Kelly had told when she realized than she was 'different' and, in stark contrast to her family, she had simply accepted her friend's preference. In fact they became even closer to each other, Ariel had told her, jokingly, that she felt closer to Kelly because she wouldn't have to 'compete' with her to get the attention of guys and, of course, no man would ever be able to come between them.
Ariel had been very frustrated with Kelly's family when she learned about their reaction and as time went on, Kelly became more and more of a recluse; she wore drab outfits and never accompanied her best friend to clubs or even just to go around the shops. The reason, Kelly admitted to her after a while, was that she felt ashamed. Ashamed of herself and embarrassed by the way her body reacted around women, as well as the way itdidn'treact around men. Of course, Ariel had known the moment Kelly mentioned it that it was because of her parents, they had made her feel like something was wrong with her and convinced her that she shouldn't eventhinkabout being intimate with another woman.
Kelly's whole attitude towards herself had slowly begun to improve after she got away from the family house and moved in with Ariel. She rarely spoke to her mother at all and her brother totally ignored her anyway. No great loss, that's what Ariel had said. That was the start of a new life for Kelly; she could be the person she wanted to be and didn't have to hide anything anymore. When it was just her and Ariel in the house she felt great, but when people came to the house she still got pretty shy and despite her new freedom she still couldn't find it in herself to get out be around people. That changed the day Jennifer came into her life.
That morning Ariel had gone out with her boyfriend leaving Kelly on her own, it took all her willpower to stop herself going back to bed. Instead she went to the bathroom and cleaned her teeth, still half asleep she decided to have a cool shower. It was a hot day, the kind of day that made you uncomfortable all the time and Kelly thought a nice shower would make her feel much better, first she opened all the windows hoping the house would be cooler by the time she finished her shower. In the bathroom she stripped out of her clothes but before getting into the shower she caught sight of herself in the full length mirror.
Kelly's confidence had slowly come back to her since moving in with Ariel who told her, many times, that she was a beautiful woman and she should start believing in herself. For a long time Kelly refused to believe her friend, convincing herself that Ariel was just being friendly but, over time, she gradually starting thinking that maybe shewasgood looking. What had also helped was that, at Ariel's insistence, Kelly had uploaded a picture of herself to a dating website and the response she got was very encouraging! Unfortunately all the responses were from men and, of course, there wasn't much point answering them, she had decided it wasn't fair to keep her picture on there because it was for straight people.
So today, while looking at her naked image in the mirror, Kelly smiled and looked at herself a little more favourably than usual. At 5 feet 6 inches tall she didn't think of herself as petite, her blonde hair came down to her small breasts. While gently caressing them in her hands she decided they were about the right size for her frame, a good handful anyway. In the right kind of bra or top she could still get a satisfying amount of cleavage. She had a flat stomach which was a result of her involvement in the school's running team; she had ran in the 800 and 1200 metre teams for 2 years and at the time her stomach and legs got quite muscular. That was a few years ago now and she had lost the muscle definition she used to have, in a way she was pleased because her 'abs' had been a little too prominent but now it looked much more natural.
Kelly turned to the side so she could see her naked rear, thanks again to the exercise she'd got from running so much her buttocks were nicely rounded but not too 'cuddly.' Next she examined her legs which, in Ariel's opinion, were her best feature. They were proportionately long compared to her small frame and gentle curves had replaced the hard muscle, they were very shapely from her thighs right down to her calves and ankles. It was plainly obvious that she had taken good care of herself and she didn't look a day older than her 20 years.
After her brief naked modelling show Kelly turned her back on the mirror and entered the shower leaving the door open so she'd be able to hear the phone if someone called. After being hot and muggy all day the cool shower felt great, the powerful jets of water massaged her neck and back instantly relaxing the young woman. She put on a pair of exfoliating gloves and began rubbing all over her body, Kelly loved how soft her skin felt after using the gloves. After doing the top half of her body she lifted her right leg so she could rub her thigh and shins then did the same with her left leg, as she brought her hands up to her face she accidentally caught her right nipple with the rough glove which caused her to gasp out loud, both nipples were erect due to the coolness of the water which made them quite sensitive and, despite the roughness of the contact, she enjoyed the brief sensation. Kelly had used the gloves on her pussy before, dragging the rough material gently over her virgin lips had felt pretty amazing and had inspired her to take her gloves off and finger herself to orgasm; she never penetrated herself while wearing the gloves because of the sensitivity down there. The memory of that day in the shower made her feel hot and before she realized it one hand had found its way to her shaven groin. She allowed herself a few strokes but stopped before goingtoofar, even though she was horny she just didn't have the energy.
Kelly got out of the shower a few minutes later and dried herself on a soft towel and got dressed, it was still hot so she selected her outfit based on the weather. Most of her clothes were baggy trousers and jeans so she borrowed some of Ariel's instead; she picked out a short denim skirt and a thin white top and pulled them on. Because she was alone, and because of the weather, she didn't bother with underwear. Before going back downstairs she once again caught sight of herself in the mirror. At that moment, with her long damp hair, thin top and mini skirt, she looked like an advertisement for sex! Kelly realized that she hadneverdressed this way before; the little skirt showed off her legs right up to her upper thigh and the top clung to her breasts with her nipples poking through the thin fabric.
Kelly smiled at her reflection and ran her hands over her breasts and down to the hemline of the top and slipped her hands beneath it and felt the soft skin on her stomach. She took hold of the skirt's waistband and slowly eased it up, raising the hemline higher and revealing more and more of her sexy soft legs. She kept pulling until the hemline was only a few centimetres below her bare rear; the waistband had gone over her navel so she rolled it down until it sat against her lower stomach. While she had been playing with her clothing she noticed her nipples were sticking out even more! Kelly had surprised herself; she never realized wearing clothes like this could make her feel sosexual.She decided to leave her clothes the way they were as no one could see her and walked downstairs, swaying her hips to and fro playfully.
When she got downstairs Kelly sat on the sofa, when she did her skirt raised itself up even further but she resisted the urge to cover herself up again, instead she sat back and lifted her feet onto the sofa. With her knees apart her pubic area was fully exposed, she lowered her eyes and looked at herself. The short skirt that had been made even shorter looked more like a thick belt and only covered a thin section of her lower stomach, the sight of herself like this again made her feel excited. She put her hands on her knees and slowly stroked her legs from there to her beautifully exposed thighs, the soft touch of her hands ran over the soft skin of her inner thighs. Not since the few first times she'd touched herself intimately in her bedroom, when she had sat on her bed as a teenager, had she caressed her skin in such a slow and deliberate way. Feeling out every curve of her soft skin she seductively ran her hands over every inch of her inner thighs, exploring herself.
She took one hand away from her thigh and ran it up underneath the delicate material of her thin top, doing so caused the fabric to move across her fully erect and sensitive nipples making her gasp. She gently caressed her left breast under the top and, unable to wait any longer, dragged her other hand between her legs. Kelly, using the pads of her forefinger and middle finger, stroked the sweet and silky lips of her damp pussy. Swapping from one to the other, she gently kneaded the flesh of her breasts, her breathing got shallower as her arousal grew and soon she started feeling the urge to penetrate herself. Her juices continued to flow, lubricating the entrance to her young body. Then, just as her fingers began to sink into herself, she was suddenly brought back down to earth when the sound of four or five bangs filled the room. It took a moment for her to realize that someone was knocking on the door, shedesperatelywanted to ignore the noise and continue pleasuring herself but she knew it might be something important so reluctantly she stood up, vowing to finish what she had started later.
Now Kelly had some problems; her nipples stood erect and proud and were pushing against the thin top she wore and her skirt was around her waist. She quickly tried to arrange herself to look slightly less slutty. There was no time to get changed or to even find some underwear! She would have to just poke her head around the door and try not to show the visitor anything. She arranged her skirt to cover herself and tried to stop panicking (she was in such a rush that she totally forgot the reason why her skirt seemed so small was due to her own modification.) Kelly straightened her hair and hurried towards the front door, her breasts moved inside her top as she walked causing her nipples to rub against the fabric which kept them erect. Despite the rush and panic shestillfelt turned on and, when she opened the door and poked her head outside, her arousal didn't subside, in fact, it just got worse.
"Hi, I'm Jennifer," said one of the most beautiful women that Kelly hadeverseen.
It was obvious that, like her, Jennifer had dressed for the hot weather. She was a little taller than Kelly and a few years older, her long wavy blonde hair almost came to her backside. She was wearing a pair of denim shorts that were more like hot pants, the curve of her buttocks were clearly visible and she had a small black top that just barely covered her breasts. It was her breasts that most caught Kelly's attention, they were huge! At least, in comparison to Kelly's small B cup breasts they were. And aside from a pair of sandals that's all this gorgeous woman had covering her body, compared to her, Kelly felt like a prude, she still only poked her head around the door because, despite Jennifer's state of dress, Kelly still only wore a tiny skirt, thin top and no underwear and, to top it off, her pussy still felt damp and her nipples poked through the thin top.
"Are you ok?" Jennifer asked.
"Yeah, sorry," Kelly responded, embarrassed she had been caught staring. "What can I do for you?"
"I'm here to see Ariel Calver, is she here?" she asked.
"No, sorry, she's gone out with her boyfriend somewhere." Kelly answered
"Oh right, do you know when she'll be back?"
"I don't know, it could be anytime, I could give her a call and see if she knows how long she'll be," Kelly offered, secretly hoping the blonde bombshell would stay a while longer.
"Yeah that would be great," Jennifer smiled.
"Ok, you can come in if you like and I'll try her phone." Kelly was quick to present the solution but suddenly her shyness reasserted itself and she was more aware of her appearance than before.
"Sounds good," Jennifer replied and walked into the house and her eyes lit up when she saw Kelly's young body.
"I'll just be a moment," Kelly said as she closed the door and quickly hurried through to the living room where the house phone was.
Jennifer nodded and smiled as she watched the seductive young woman almostrunaway from her. The second she had stepped through the door she knew that shehadto have her! Jennifer was pretty sure; from the way she had been ogled by her on the doorstep, that Kelly would like a taste of her pussy. Jennifer wasn't a shy person and never had been, she was beautiful and sheknewit. She was also supremely confident in herself and her body, she knew that when she 'dressed to impress' she was almost impossible to resist. Still smiling she slipped a hand into her shorts and felt the warm moisture seeping from her lips, Jennifer had already decided what would happen this afternoon and, with no feeling of shame at all, she unbuttoned her shorts and let them slide down her smooth legs onto the floor. Then she lifted her shirt over her head and dropped it to the floor on top of her discarded shorts and, totally naked except for her sandals, she followed the young woman into the living room.
Kelly had her back to the living room entrance and never saw the naked woman approaching her; she was still dialling the long mobile phone number when, suddenly she felt hands on her hips followed by cool air on her rear. Kelly's skirt was on the floor before she even knew what was happening, she started to turn around, dropping the phone onto its hook as she did, but then there were fingers inside her thin shirt tugging it to try and force it off. Instinctively she crossed her arms over her breasts to try and keep her clothing on but there was no denying the invasive hands, the shirt ripped and was torn away from her body, leaving shy Kelly Richmond completely bare and at the mercy of the stranger behind her.
"Don't struggle baby, I saw it in your eyes, Iknowthis is what you want."
Logic should have told Kelly that her 'attacker' could only be the person she'd let into the house moments ago, but she was still moderately surprised to hear a female voice behind her. She felt bare breasts being pushed into her back as the woman's arms wrapped around her body and her hands each found a breast to hold. Kelly cried out as Jennifer squeezed her small breasts in her hands, she wasn't sure if it was pain or pleasure. Then, as a counter to the rough treatment she had received so far, the next thing Kelly felt were soft kisses on her shoulder, the lips travelled up her neck then she felt teeth gently pulling the lobe of her ear.
"Do you want me to stop? Tell me to stop if youreallywant," Jennifer's lips were right next to Kelly's ear and after she whispered the offer to stop she resumed her soft kisses around the girl's neck.
"Well?"
"Don't stop," Kelly forced the words out. Jennifer, now she knew she could have her way with the young woman, released the small breasts from her firm grip and spun her around so they were face to face and planted her lips firmly on Kelly's mouth, her tongue separated the girl's lips and, for the first time in her life, Kelly tasted the soft kiss of a woman.
Kelly had fantasized about her first time, had thought about it alot. Her fantasies would always include a slow seduction followed by gentle love making, after all, she thought, women don'tfuck.However this wasn't gentle or seductive, it was raw passion and raging sexuality, two women exploring and, in Jennifer's case, conquering.
Jennifer was asserting her dominance over the younger woman, her large breasts pushed into Kelly's small bust as she forced herself onto her. She'd been given the all clear and now she greedily enveloped the smaller woman, her tongue thrashed around inside Kelly's warm mouth and her hands ran up and down her back before reaching down to grope her succulent rear.
Kelly felt her young body being grabbed and squeezed making the experience less like making love and more like rawfucking! Jennifer's hands were all over her, first they'd be stroking her back, then they were in her hair raking, stroking and even pulling her blonde hair snapping her head back and then they were on her buttocks, squeezing and even lifting her off the floor for a few seconds, she was being dominated by the older, taller andmuchmore confident woman.
At last Jennifer took her tongue out of Kelly's mouth allowing her to catch her breath. However the separation didn't last long and in a few seconds Jennifer resumed her conquest, she moved her hands back up to Kelly's blonde hair and tugged it back causing Kelly to cry out as her head snapped back again, then Jennifer's lips were back in the action. She kissed and licked the girl's neck and throat leaving a wet trail along her soft skin; she released Kelly's hair but continued to taste her sweet body.
Kelly's heart raced and her scalp hurt from Jennifer's rough treatment but she was turned on, she was certain she could feel her pussy juice leaking out from between her legs and running down her thighs. Despite the brief pain she was enjoying being kissed, licked and explored, she feltdesiredwhich was something she'd never felt before, and it felt good.Really good! Jennifer's tongue was moving again, she felt hot wetness moving along her jaw line and up over her chin, then it was back on her lips, the woman eagerly licked around her lips before forcing her tongue back in to Kelly's accepting mouth.
They kissed a little slower this time and then, all too soon in Kelly's opinion, Jennifer stepped back and stood in front of her, grinning at her work so far. Now Kelly saw the slightly older woman in all her naked glory she suddenly felt like a little girl. Jennifer was proportionately bigger than Kelly in every way, her legs were longer as was her hair, she was taller, her features were more prominent and her breasts were not only bigger but they were more rounded as well. However, Jennifer wasn't overweight, she wasn't even chubby, she just looked curvier. This, Kelly thought, was arealwoman and, in comparison to this woman, Kelly felt like a schoolgirl again!
Jennifer stared at her and suddenly Kelly felt like she was waiting for something, although what that might be eluded her. She felt the need to explain herself to the grinning vixen.
"I...I'm a..." Kelly stammered, she felt her cheeks burning and knew she must be blushing
"Well Kelly, what are you trying to say?"
Kelly couldn't remember telling her what her name is; she must've let it slip out. Kelly suspected Jennifer already knew what she was going to say; maybe it would give the woman a weird kind of thrill to hear her say it out loud.
"I'm...a virgin," Now Kelly wascertainshe was blushing.
"Not for much longer," said Jennifer, her smile becoming a wicked grin. Then she began moving forward towards Kelly. But then she stopped and looked into the younger woman's eyes.
"I guess that means you've never tasted another woman's pussy," she said it as a statement rather than a question. Kelly just shook her head to say no.
"How about your own?" she enquired.
"No," Kelly answered. She felt more and more like an inexperienced girl with each passing second, even though, in the back of her mind a little voice reminded her of what friends said about her; an attractive 20 year old woman.
Jennifer took a step back and slowly raised her left leg, then she brought her hand down to her pussy. Kelly watched in some kind of fascination as Jennifer inserted one, then two fingers inside herself, gently moaning as she did so. She worked her fingers in and out of her body, enjoying having the awestruck girl watching her. Then she stopped and pulled her fingers back out of her pussy, she briefly examined her now glistening fingers and lowered her leg before advancing on Kelly again.
"Open wide," said Jennifer, lifting her wet fingers to Kelly's lips. The little blonde did as she was told but before Jennifer gave her a taste of her juice she traced her wet forefinger around Kelly's lips, then slowly leant forward and licked her own moisture of the girl's lips.
Kelly left her mouth open while Jennifer tasted herself, and then the glistening fingers were in her mouth. She closed her lips around the invading digits and gently sucked the wetness from them. It was a taste unlike anything she'd tried before, she thought it was sweet at first but couldn't be sure, it wasn't the taste that turned her on though, these fingers had just beeninsideJennifer's body, she'd watched them slide in and out of her pussy and now the same fingers were in her mouth and she was tasting another woman.
Jennifer smiled again as she withdrew her fingers, delighted to be Kelly's first experience of lesbian lust. This would mean she would have to be the giver rather than the receiver for now; she would have to be patient. However this opened a whole realm of possibilities for them, she thought that if she asked the young woman to do something she would most likely do it, and having a sweet girl doing her bidding was an incredibly alluring idea but first Jennifer would have to show her how it's done.
Kelly wanted to kiss some more, she wanted to go slowly and gently, to be erotic and sensual; however, Jennifer had other ideas. It was as if the older woman was in a hurry or simply impatient, her movements were fast and she seemed to be running on impulse, eager to satisfy and to be satisfied. Kelly decided to just enjoy the experience, it didn't really matter that it wasn't happening in her ideal way but at least itwashappening.
With the taste of the curvy blonde's juice still on her tongue Kelly tried to make the next move, she moved forward towards Jennifer's pretty lips intending to passionately kiss her but as she approached Jennifer stopped her, placing a finger on her lips as if she was a teacher or a parent attempting to 'shush' a child. Instead of kissing again, Jennifer put her hands on the smaller girl's shoulders and gently pushed down on them, indicating that she wanted Kelly to lie on the floor. Kelly eased herself down but then Jennifer's impatience shone through again and she shoved the young blonde to the floor. Kelly was already close to floor and the carpet was soft but she still felt a bit winded, it was becoming more obvious that Jennifer wasn't the sort of woman who would enjoy slow sex but, again, Kelly reminded herself that she should enjoy herself and to let Jennifer do as she wished.
Kelly was on her back and Jennifer stood over her for a moment, she expected the larger woman to follow her down but instead she stared down her.
"Bend your knees and open your legs Kelly," said Jennifer, sounding like a teacher which, Kelly realized, was precisely what she was at this moment in time and without hesitation Kelly did as she was told.
"Good girl, now I want you to rub your pussy," Jennifer ordered.
"Huh?" was all Kelly managed.
"I want to see you touch yourself, I want to watch youfuckyourself, then I'm going to make you cum, I'll make youscreamout loud. I'm going to suck your tits and lick your cunt!" Jennifer explained calmly. She probably spoke in that tone of voice when reading out a shopping list! She didn't sound particularly excited by her plans for the young blonde but, in truth, she felt hotter, wetter and hornier every moment as she stared down at Kelly.
So, with her eyes fixated on Jennifer's naked body, Kelly put her hand between her legs and, like she had been doing a short while before Jennifer arrived, ran her index finger up and down her sopping wet slit. Jennifer watched every move she made and mimicked the girl's movements by trailing her finger over her own wet pussy.
"Are you nice and wet?" Jennifer asked.
"Yes, it's really wet now," Kelly answered, enjoying the dirty talking.
"Good, now put a finger in there," Jennifer urged. Yet again Kelly did as she was told; her moist finger found its way to her opening and eased inside her body. It slid inside easily thanks to the amount of lubrication down there. Then she looked up and saw that Jennifer was copying her again with her own finger pumping inside her.
"Good girl, put your middle finger in there as well," Jennifer ordered. For the first time her voice quivered, making it obvious that she was losing control and soon she'd need to be fulfilled. Kelly slipped her middle finger inside herself alongside her index finger as requested, her two fingers still slipped in and out of her quite easily although the extra friction against her inner walls, as well as her ever more sensitive lips, served to make her gasp with pleasure. Slowly, shy little Kelly Richmond masturbated for the naked onlooker.
"Now stop," said Jennifer. "Take your fingers out of your pussy baby."
Kelly nodded and withdrew her wet fingers, as they slipped out of her body she could just hear a slurping sound, she was wetter than she'd ever been before.
"Now I want you to taste yourself, suck your juice off of your fingers baby, I want you to know what you taste like." Before today, Kelly never even thought of licking her own moisture from her fingers, it wasn't because she thought it was dirty, she just wasn't that curious. Jennifer, however, seemed to enjoy the tasting and obviously got some kind of kick from watching Kelly do these things, so, obedient as always, she brought her fingers to her lips and plunged them in. The taste was different to Jennifer's; it seemed morefamiliar,although she'd never tried it before.

Jennifer had had enough of watching; now she wanted to get involved again. She sank to her knees and leant forward; she brought her head down in between Kelly's soft thighs and planted her lips on her foaming pussy. Kelly cried out again, this time, however, it was purely out of pleasure. She felt Jennifer's warm breath on her wetness and her long blonde hair as it rubbed against her thighs. She squirmed and moaned aloud as Jennifer's expert tongue ran up and down her sensitive slit. Her heart was pounding and her breasts raised and lowered rapidly as she panted for breath, she knew she couldn't last much longer.
Jennifer sensed Kelly's impending orgasm and sped up her assault on the virgin pussy. She had been stroking the girl's thighs but now she brought her hand in between Kelly's legs and roughly inserted two digits inside the sweet entrance to her young body. Jennifer's fingers were obviously bigger than Kelly's and their sudden penetration caused her to shout out in pain at first, but the shout became a long moan of arousal. Her voice rose again when she felt Jennifer tongue flicking over her erect clitoris, the sensation of this stimulation, the penetrationandthe thought of a woman's pretty face buried between her thighs caused her to go crashing into the most amazing, violent and satisfying orgasm of her life.
When she'd had orgasms before, after a lot of masturbation and fantasizing, they often started slowly, a warm rush through her body followed by a few seconds of climax. Today though, with a woman's tongue on her clitoris and her fingers inside her, the warm gentle wave became a white hot pulse that tore through her body. Her pussy felt like it was throbbing with heat; it ran from her clitoris right through to her arms and legs, then her fingers and toes. Her body quivered as her senses overloaded, the waves still swept through her body causing little spasms in all her muscles followed by a warm sensation from in between her legs. Finally, the waves began to subside and, at last, she knew her virginity was gone forever, taken away by this blonde woman who had ripped off her clothes and awakened her to what her young body was capable of. Kelly opened her eyes to see Jennifer watching her with that grin still on her lips, those lips glistened with her juices, Kelly guessed what was coming next, Jennifer seemed to have some kind of fetish when it came to pussy tasting. Sure enough, the beautiful woman lowered herself onto her small body and they kissed, sharing the tastes of each other once again.
"Did you like that baby?" Jennifer asked after they shared the wet kiss.
"Yeah...I did, thank you," Kelly managed to reply. She still fought to catch her breath.
"Good, do you think you'll be able to do it?" she asked.
"I...I think so," Kelly suddenly felt very inexperienced again.
Jennifer rolled onto her side with her head propped up on her hand.
"I think you'll do fine, besides, I'll help," Jennifer sat up with her back against the sofa and her knees bent and legs apart. She stretched her arms towards the nervous young woman, resting her elbows on her knees, and beckoned her forward.
"Come here baby, get on your hands and knees and crawl to me," Jennifer's even tone was back and, apparently, so was her naughty side. Kelly rolled onto her stomach and pushed herself up, she slowly crawled to the waiting woman like she had been told, not daring to disobey. Not because she was scared of getting physically hurt, it was because she didn't want to disappoint the sexy blonde vixen, she felt like sheowedher.
"That's right sweetie, crawl to me," Jennifer encouraged. "I want you to come here and suck on these," she said, her hands cupped her large breasts to show the inexperienced girl what she meant.
Jennifer watched Kelly nod as she advanced on her waiting body, her hair hung down the sides of her face and her small breasts gently rocked to and fro. Kelly hesitated when she was close to the large bosoms, she was worried about doing it wrong and, of course, there was no way she'd be able to get her mouth right around them. Jennifer saw that Kelly was nervous; her trembling hands gave a clear indication of it.
"It's ok baby," Jennifer said. She softly stroked the girl's hair to encourage her onwards but, it seemed, she would need more precise instructions. "I want you to lick my nipple," she said softly and cupped her left breast, offering it to Kelly.
Kelly obliged and slowly used her tongue to trace circles around the pink nipple, as she did she noticed that it began to get harder. This was a minor breakthrough for Kelly, she'd thought of sex and of things she'd like to experience but, she never thought about what kind of affectshecould have on someone. At this moment, as the pink bud stiffened, she realized the she was turning this woman on, making her wet, making her groan and shiver and all this was accomplished simply by licking a small part of her body! Now she had a bit of confidence she took some initiative and closed her lips around the areola and stiff nipple, drawing on it and continuing to let her tongue dance around the sensitive area inside her mouth.
"Mmmmm Kelly, you're really good at this, do the same to my other one," Jennifer was pleasantly surprised by Kelly's natural ability.
Kelly swapped breasts and took the right nipple in her mouth while twiddling the erect left nipple between her fingers and thumbs. She knew she was doing well, not only because Jennifer had told her she was good at it, but because herbodyreacted so sensually. With the soft skin in her mouth Kelly listened to the noises Jennifer made, she moaned aloud and, sometimes, said Kelly's name out loud, which made her even more confident.
"Kelly stop, I don't want to cum yet, kiss me," Jennifer pleaded. Kelly removed her lips from the woman's breast and knelt up; she was in between Jennifer's open legs with one bent knee either side of her. Doing as she was asked, Kelly brought her lips to Jennifer's mouth and they kissed, still feeling confident, Kelly stroked her gorgeous curvy thighs making the older woman moan, her voice muffled by the younger woman's lips.
"Ok," Jennifer said, leaning out of the kiss. "Do you think you're ready to lick my pussy? I want you to do what I did for you, fuck my hole with your fingers and suck my clitoris, lick me out baby, will you do it?"
"I'll do it, I mean...I'll try my best," Kelly replied.
"Good, good girl," Jennifer said with an excited smile. She stood up and walked over to where Kelly had been before and laid down, knees bent and open again, inviting the young blonde to come and play.
Kelly crawled towards the open legs and tried to remember all the movements that Jennifer had used, she had felt pretty confident until she actually was facing the glistening wet pussy. Surprised by her own willingness she leant forward and planted a kiss right next to her pussy, just a tiny distance away from the plump lips. Then, she decided, it was time to go for it, she stuck out her tongue and dragged it from the perineum right up the centre of her soaking lips, she dipped inside and felt the entrance to Jennifer's quivering body. Kelly teased for a moment, licking around the wet hole, and then she stabbed her tongue inside as far as she could. She could feel the inner walls on the tip of her tongue but couldn't get in any further, so she withdrew and replaced her tongue with 2 fingers, ramming them inside the dripping hole as far as she could reach, her finger tips moved around inside before being pulled out and pushed in again, getting deeper with each thrust.
"Ohhh GOD!! Kelly, wow! Don't stop...Mmmmm FUCK ME!! Kelly, suck my clit, please...oh please let me cum! I NEED it! I NEE..."
Jennifer didn't finish her pleading because Kelly, with three fingers deep inside her, had taken her advice and wrapped her lips around her erect clitoris; she sucked it into her mouth and her tongue played with it, each time her tongue touched the ultra sensitive area Jennifer shivered and moaned.
"KELLY I'M.....OHHH GOD I'M CUMMING!"
Kelly watched the climax with a very satisfied smile, knowing thatshehad caused all of her pleasure. The beautiful blonde who had knocked on her door thrashed around on the floor, her hips rose to meet Kelly's invading fingers, then she was limp, she laid flat on the floor and breathed heavily. Kelly finally removed her fingers from Jennifer's pussy; instead of wiping the juice off them she remembered Jennifer's love of tasting her pussy. So Kelly laid down beside the spent woman and offered her soaking digits to her. Jennifer simply opened her mouth and licked and sucked her moisture into her mouth. Then the two women kissed and embraced.
That was how it began.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Afterwards they talked, Kelly told Jennifer about her family and her difficulty coping with her sexuality. Jennifer listened and said all the right things, the things Kelly wanted to hear. Kelly didn't learn much about Jennifer; she was single, 25 years old and lived with a group of friends in a house-share arrangement. She had come to the house looking for Ariel because they were old friends from school, Jennifer was a couple of years above Ariel and they hadn't seen much of each other since. Now Jennifer had moved closer she wanted to pick up the friendship where it left off.
That was when Jennifer invited Kelly out and, as a natural progression, they became lovers. Ariel seemed happy for her friends although she was going through a rough patch, she suffered with depression and it was hard on her. Later on she told Kelly that the day she'd spent with her boyfriend, when Jennifer first came to the house, was actually the last they shared, they'd split up while her best friend lost her virginity. It was like they switched roles; Kelly got more outgoing and Ariel became depressive and, in time, an introvert.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Unfortunately, as the months rolled on, Ariel became more withdrawn, sometimes, when Jennifer came to visit, she went to her room saying she couldn't cope with a crowd, even though there was only the three of them.
In a very short time Kelly realized exactly what Jennifer was like; she was highly sexual and very possessive. She took Kelly to meet her two sisters once, Amy and Bianca, and she'd asked her new girlfriend what she thought of them. Kelly had said they seemed nice and they were cute, it turned out to be the wrong answer and Jennifer became certain that Kelly desired her sisters! Bianca was only 18 and Amy was 19, the thought never (well...maybe a couple of times) occurred to her. It had taken a long time to convince her and, unsurprisingly, Kelly wasn't taken to see the sisters anymore. It was a shame because Kelly got on really well with them and it would've been nice to have a couple of new friends. But Jennifer said no and, Kelly learned, what Jennifer decided wasfinal.
Kelly also discovered that Jennifer was a bit of an exhibitionist; she always wore tight fitting clothes and had her legs on display. Sometimes that wasn't enough and once, about 3 months into their relationship, she lured Kelly to a restaurant, Jennifer told her to dress sexy and, as usual, Kelly obeyed. She had worn a tight top with a bra that shoved her breasts up, and a flimsy white skirt that came to her knees. She thought she looked sexy enough but Jennifer wasn't impressed, she was wearing a tight blue top with no bra, her breasts were barely contained and threatened to pop out at any moment. Her midriff was bare from just below her breasts to the top or her skirt that hung low on her hips. Her mini skirt wassoshort; the hemline was around her thighs, barely covering her rear! Kelly wondered how she'd managed to get here without being molested, then she noticed the long overcoat behind her chair, the kind that goes right down to your feet, obviously she'd worn it to the meeting place. At leastsomesense!
Jennifer had stood up to greet her but she was clearly disappointed, she slumped down in her chair and crossed her legs, showing off her long legs, when she sat down her skirt rode up further so she was almost sat on her bare behind! All the men had noticed her, and she loved the attention.
"Oh my god, Jennifer whatareyou wearing?!" Kelly was gob smacked by her lover's behaviour.
"Well at leastImade an effort," she replied. Kelly was astonished.
"I tried, you said to dress sexy, I didn't realize you meant it likethat," Kelly kept her voice low as she sat down. Her foot nudged a bag under the table, "I thought I looked nice."
"You do looknice, but I wanted to have some fun, I actually guessed this might happen so I bought you some clothes on my way here," she gestured towards the bag at Kelly's feet.
"Oh right, what kind?" Kelly asked, suddenly very nervous.
"My kind," Jennifer said with a wink. "Go to the bathroom and get changed."
"But, all these people will see," Kelly stammered.
"They wont see you when you sit here, we're right at the back and the tablecloth will cover you," Jennifer knew she'd get what she wanted and her playful grin never left her lips. "Go to the bathroom with the bag and get changed, but, you can only wear what's in the bag."
"I'm really not sure," Kelly said, her shyness coming back to haunt her.
"Look, I thought youlovedme, you said you'd doanythingfor me, so why can't you do this?" Jennifer looked hurt but, even though Kelly knew it was fake emotion, she didn't want to lose her first real girlfriend. So Kelly stood up and picked up the bag, dreading what might, or might not, be in there.
"Remember, only wear what's in the bag, put your clothes in the bag when you're done," Jennifer instructed, her hurt feelings seemed to be miraculously subsiding. Kelly nodded and walked to the bathroom, she briefly looked back to see Jennifer smiling at her, she opened her legs to show Kelly what she had on beneath the skirt, which was nothing at all!
Kelly entered one of the small cubicles to get changed, her hands shook as she removed her top and bra, then she pushed the skirt down her ankles leaving her wearing only her panties. She opened the bag and saw two pieces of material; they were purple with specks of glitter on them. Kelly pulled the 'clothing' out to examine it closer. The top was little more than a bikini top; it wrapped around her breasts and fastened at the back with a loop at the top which went around her neck. It took a while to arrange it so her breast didn't fall out, it didn't offer much cleavage at the top but the hem line of it stopped right below her breasts, she had to be careful because it was clearly too small for her and if she tossed her head back the loop around her neck would pull the loose fabric up and her breasts could easily pop out of the bottom. She finally got it to a point where the bottoms of her breasts were just out of sight, the strap that went around the back held it fairly steady.
Next, Kelly pulled out the glittering skirt, she couldn't bring herself to remove her panties, she hoped that maybe Jennifer wouldn't notice, and then she pulled the skirt up her smooth legs, over her shins, calves, knees, mid thigh and upper thigh. It was just as short as Jennifer's skirt and just barely covered her rear. She had to pull it down so it sat low on her hips, just above the crack of her arse, in order to cover herself. Kelly was in no doubt, she looked like a slut, no question about it, she wanted to put her own clothes on but she knew how disappointed her girlfriend would be, they'd only been seeing each other for three months and she didn't want to lose whatever it was they had. So, she took a deep breath, which was a mistake because her right tit fell out of the top, told herself to stop being childish, after all she was a grown up woman, why shouldn't she have a bit of fun. She opened the cubicle door and saw herself in the long mirror, but shy little Kelly Richmond didn't look at herself for long, or she would've backed out. She opened the bathroom door and strode into the restaurant. The first thing she saw was Jennifer, smiling wider than Kelly had ever seen.
As Kelly walked towards their table at back she noticed some men would look at her then look away quickly, but it wasn't just men with girlfriends that looked away sharply, men on their own would refuse to look a second time. Of course, the problem was that Kelly looked young, her small breasts made her look even younger and, she figured, if they thought she was underage they would do their best to avoid looking, probably in case she screamed or something like some girls do.
Kelly arrived at the table and put the bag of clothes on the floor again. She sat down trying to stop the mini skirt riding up but it was a useless battle, she felt the cushion on the lower part of her buttocks and crossed her legs, now it washerturn to show off, whether she wanted to or not!
As she attempted to get comfy without showing off too much a waiter approached them, he offered them a menu while clearly leering at both women, Jennifer was loving the attention she was getting, even if it was from a man, Kelly just felt embarrassed and dearly wanted to get out of this place.
"Jennifer, can we go? Please," Kelly asked.
"I thought you might enjoy it, you're always saying you're not confident in your body, but look around. Every man, and probably most of the women are justdieingto fuck you," she said with a wicked grin, as if this was something she'd done for her girlfriend and not herself. "I dressed this way so you wouldn't feel like you're on your own when we go back home."
"You want me to wear thisoutside!?" Kelly stammered. "We'll be attacked!"
"Don't be silly, the bus stop is a 5 minute walk away and it stops at the end of my road, I want you to realize how beautiful you are and the best way to prove it is to see how people react around you." She did her best to sound sincere. "So how about it? A quick drink here, we'll be able to see the bus pull in from this window, when it does we'll just get straight on."
"Can't I at least put my skirt back on?" She asked, hoping to compromise.
"Is it in the bag?" Jennifer asked, reaching for it under the table.
"Yeah, there was nowhere else to put it, why?" Kelly asked. Jennifer retrieved the bag and looked inside, then Kelly heard a sound that made her heart sink, Jennifer was ripping something in the bag.
"Oh Jennifer no, please don't," Kelly whined.
"Listen Kelly, Iwilltake care of you, I swear! Just trust me; I'm trying to help you. I love you, let me do this for you baby," Jennifer was almost crying. Maybe, Kelly thought, she was genuinely trying to help and suddenly felt incredibly guilty.
"I'm sorry, I didn't know," Kelly said softly although she wasn't actually surewhyshe was apologising, a feeling she'd gotten used to over the last few months. When Jennifer wanted something from her, she'd take it, the more it happened, the more Kelly felt like some kind ofsex toy. An object to be used by this woman, but Kellylovedher; she had been her first, and heronlylover. Jennifer had introduced her to so many new things. When she thought about these things later she realized that, once again, the new experiences had mainly been for Jennifer's benefit, not hers. Jennifer had been the one to break her hymen too, she'd worn a strap on dildo and gently fucked her and, while squeezing her hand to brace for the pain, she pushed through the little barrier. Kelly had cried out as it bled but, at last, she'd got it over with.
At the time Kelly thought Jennifer had done something very kind for her, but as time went by it became more obvious that she wanted to use dildos and vibrators on her pussy. Despite all these things, that may have sent a stronger person leaving the relationship, she stayed. Her loyalty was shaken at times but Jennifer would always win her over again.
Kelly budged up on her seat so she sat right next to Jennifer; she stroked her long hair while the older woman 'gathered' herself. Soon though, after another miraculous emotional recovery, the two women started talking to each other and for a little while Kelly forgot about her appearance. That, however, worked against her because when she reached up to stroke her lover's hair one her breasts began to poke out beneath the tiny top she wore.
Jennifer giggled and pulled her top down to cover it, when Kelly realized what had happened she tried to see the funny side and forced a giggle.
"See, it's not so bad, we're just two gorgeous women having a laugh, dressing up and giggling, it's what girls aremeantto do," Jennifer said. When she smiled Kelly couldn't resist smiling back.
"Ok," said Kelly. "I wish you hadn't ripped my skirt though."
"I'm sorry sweetheart, really I am, I wasn't thinking straight. Forgive me?" Jennifer's apology seemed genuine.
"Yeah, but you owe me a pretty skirt," Kelly said playfully.
"Deal," said Jennifer as she leant forward towards Kelly. She wanted a kiss, but Kelly shyly backed off, Jennifer looked so disappointed that, guilt ridden again, Kelly leant back towards her and their lips gently touched. While they were kissing, Kelly felt Jennifer's hand running up her bare thigh. It made her jump and she quickly pulled her lips away from Jennifer's so she could look around to see if anyone was watching.
"Shh it's ok baby," Jennifer whispered, her lips right next to Kelly's ear. She gently rubbed her soft thigh, "No one can see what we're doing, the table is in the way after all...wait, are those panties?" Jennifer's hand had gone up Kelly's skirt and felt the silky fabric that covered her pussy lips.
"Umm, sorry," Kelly said sheepishly. "I ran out of confidence." Jennifer wasn't upset, in fact she giggled a little.
"Well they'll have to come off, my panties are in a bin somewhere, and if I can do it I'm sure you can, for me."
"Ok," Kelly didn't want to see Jennifer get emotional again, real or fake, so she started to stand up.
"Where are you going?" Jennifer asked.
"To the bathroom, you want me to take them off right?"
"You can do it here, I told you; the table is in the way." They were sat behind a wooden table but the cloth didn't reach to the bottom so if anyone looked closely enough they'd get quite an eyeful!
Reluctantly, Kelly uncrossed her legs and raised herself off the seat; she ran her hands up and underneath her skirt and hooked her thumbs around the waistband of her panties. She looked up before pulling them down and was mortified to see two men staring at her from the other side of the restaurant, there was no way that they could see much from there but, Kelly thought, they probably guessed what she was doing. What was worse however was that a couple of tables away, an oldish couple were sat with their meal, she could only see the back of the woman but on the chair opposite the man could see everything! She was about to sit back down and forget the whole thing but Jennifer, impatient as always, decided to 'help' her. Her hand ran right underneath the young woman's skirt and yanked the panties down! When they slid down to her knees she quickly sat back down, after pulling them off her ankles she crossed her legs to hide her bare pussy from everyone's invasive eyes.
Both of the girls were laughing, Kelly's laughter was forced out but eventually she did see the funny side and joined in with her girlfriend's giggles.
"Well? Do you feelsexyyet?" Jennifer asked.
"I guess, I don't know, I feel soexposed, I've never worn anything like this, not outdoors anyway," Kelly admitted. She felt like a slut, she looked like a prostitute and she was aware that if a group of men raped them people would say 'well, going around in tiny skirts and no underwear, what do they expect?!'
She was scared, the two men still stared at them and she was frightened to look at them too much, in case they took it as an invitation to come and speak to them. Jennifer, however, seemed totally oblivious to the potential danger and was perfectly happy to be looked at; her attention was focused on Kelly for now though.
"I going to be honest with you Kelly, last night I had a fantasy. We were in a public place like this and wearing these kinds of clothes and, well, I ate your pussy under the table." Jennifer said with no anxiety in her voice at all!
"So this, all of this was about fulfilling a fantasy? You should have told me, I would have been prepared!" Kelly wasn't surprised, she was just angry at being kept in the dark.
"You would've said 'no' and, Ireallywanted to share my fantasy with you," said Jennifer.
"So what happens now?" Kelly asked.
"Now," she said while casually stroking Kelly's thigh, "now I'm going to make love to you." Her wicked grin came back to her soft lips. Despite her fear, Kelly couldn't deny that she was turned on! Her pussy was moistening as fresh air touched her bare lips. Kelly wanted it to happen; she uncrossed her legs and slightly parted her thighs, allowing easier access for Jennifer's probing fingers.
Thrilled by her girlfriend's willingness, Jennifer moved even closer to Kelly, their body's rubbed together and Jennifer slid her hand further up the sweet blonde's leg. With no silky barrier to halt her progress this time, her fingertips found their way up to Kelly's moist centre. Jennifer didn't care if anyone saw her; she only cared about one thing: satisfaction.
Kelly leant back and closed her eyes, her top pulled up so the curves of her little breasts were visible beneath the thin and flimsy material. She didn't dare open her eyes in case there was an audience! She felt Jennifer's lips close to hers and opened her mouth, and then she felt Jennifer's soft tongue slide between her lips. The women kissed slowly; there was a soft passion as their lips met each other which sent shivers through Kelly's body.
Jennifer ran her fingertips along her moist lips; it took a great effort for Kelly to resist vocalising her pleasure, she knew that theyhadto be quiet if they were to have any chance of remaining undetected. She gently moaned but it was muffled my Jennifer's tender kiss. Jennifer pulled away from Kelly's lips and ran her hands over her exposed midriff.
Kelly's eyes were still closed, she allowed Jennifer to do whatever she wished, determined to enjoy the experience. Jennifer had taken her hand away from her aching pussy and now she felt soft hands on her stomach. Kelly almost cried out when she felt Jennifer's lips on the exposed flesh of her breast. The bottom half of her breast was visible but, thankfully, her nipple was covered. Jennifer didn't expose her girlfriend's tits; she just kissed the soft mounds until she saw the nipple poking through the fabric.
Kelly felt her nipples harden, the sensitive flesh rubbed against the thin material and, once again, she had to suppress her pleasure. Jennifer leant further down and kissed her stomach, her tongue danced around her navel.
"Are you ready for this?" Jennifer asked as she gently eased Kelly's knees apart.
"I...I don't know," Kelly allowed Jennifer to open her legs further.
"I want to lick your pussy baby, just like in my fantasy, please let me live my fantasy," Jennifer pleaded. Kelly finally opened her eyes and scanned the room, no one seemed to have noticed, the old guy had his head bowed which mad Kelly wonder if his wife, assuming the elderly womanwashis wife, had found out what he was looking at over her shoulder and gave him a telling off! Then she looked down at Jennifer and nodded, giving her permission to live out her fantasy and leant back again with her eyes closed again, when she leant back her top slid up again but, this time, it rose over her nipples and exposed her breasts to anyone who cared to look. Kelly didn't notice until she felt Jennifer's mouth close around her left breast.
Jennifer sucked on Kelly's tit briefly but the pulled the material back over them; she had other things to do. She moved in front of Kelly and knelt on the floor between the girl's knees. She put her hands on her thighs and pushed the little skirt up; Kelly lifted her rear off the seat so Jennifer could push it right up around her waist. Kelly wasn't too concerned about her pussy being exposed because Jennifer's body would be blocking out the view. Jennifer looked at the inviting and moist pussy in front of her, this 20 year old girl had 'given herself'to her, just like her dream last night. She was in a squatting position now instead kneeling, if made her own little skirt bunch up around her hips but she didn't care if anyone saw her naked arse. Jennifer was using one hand to stroke Kelly's inner thigh, and she used her other hand to rub her own wet lips.
Kelly felt Jennifer's warm breath on her bald pussy and braced herself; Jennifer parted her girlfriend's beautiful and moist lips with her fingers and softly kissed the little pink clitoris that was proudly standing erect. Meanwhile her other hand was busy rubbing her own pussy, not wanting to waste time, she plunged two fingers inside herself, rhythmically pounding her pussy. She felt like she was in heaven! Her tongue danced around Kelly's clitoris, and then she eased a finger inside her hole, hoping the girl wouldn't cry out.
Kellyreallywanted to scream as Jennifer's finger penetrated her body, she was going to have an orgasm in arestaurant! She fought to contain herself as she squirmed on the seat; her top had totally ridden up over her breasts and rather than pulling the fabric back down she brought her hands down and cupped and massaged them, her arousal grew as she closed in on her climax. Jennifer was close to breaking point too, she fiercely pounded her dripping wet pussy with her fingers, leaving little droplets on the posh carpet beneath the table. Today, in the restaurant, Jennifer was only interested in eating pussy. Then she added a second finger inside Kelly's little cunt, fucking her as hard as she was fucking herself.
It was that second finger that pushed little Kelly Richmond over the edge, her desperate attempts to lessen the size of her orgasm failed, and her body started to tingle and spasm. The wave of warm energy hadn't been this intense since the very first time they'd had sex. As Kelly was reaching her apex, Jennifer was also at the point of no return, her body needed release its energy, she needed something more, more than her pounding fingers, more than having her tongue inside a woman's dripping pussy. As Kelly rode the huge orgasmic wave that pulsed out, Jennifer suddenly got off the floor and straddled Kelly's left leg! She rubbed her pussy up and down, humping the young woman's leg like a horny dog, and finally she leant over Kelly's body and grabbed her right breast and covered the girl's mouth with her own and, while passionately kissing, the had their mind numbing orgasms together.
Jennifer's pussy released its fluids on to Kelly's thigh, and eventually both women settled down, as Jennifer removed herself from Kelly's leg, the younger woman dreaded opening her eyes, who could be watching? Was the elderly couple there? Were the two men that eyed them up waiting for their turn?
She slowly opened her eyes and...nothing, the elderly couple had left and the men who were looking at them before were nowhere to be seen, scanning the room it seemed none of the patrons had noticed their antics. She caught sight of a group of men outside and her heart sank, five men, all between 20 and 30 were watching them through a window, she hadn't noticed the window before! If she'd seen it she would have insisted they go somewhere else! Kelly and Jennifer sorted their clothes out so they were no longer flashing their pussy and tits. They both looked out the window again and saw the men, they wereclapping! The men had watched them all the way through and now they were applauding them. It was so unexpected that Kelly and Jennifer burst out laughing, Jennifer even waved at them!
A few moments later a man in a suit was walking towards them, and he didn't look happy at all.
"Excuse me ladies, I'm here to ask you to leave. You've disturbed some of our guests with your...inappropriate behaviour."
They didn't argue, however Kelly convince Jennifer to call a taxi to take them home, the men outside were still there and she didn't feel like being molested! The manager allowed them to wait until the taxi arrived and then escorted them to the car. He was about 6 feet and 6 inches tall so the men who had waited for them outside were left disappointed. They each kissed each other goodnight in the taxi and went to their separate homes; Kelly had never actually spent afullnight with Jennifer, in fact, Kelly had never evenseenher bed, all their 'encounters' were either at Kelly and Ariel's place or, like this time, outdoors.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
After the first seven months of their relationship it was obvious to Kelly, and Ariel, that she had become something of a plaything, something to be toyed with or simplyusedfor Jennifer's sexual needs. Unfortunately, Kelly still loved her, she was still her first and only love and the thought of being without her was terrifying! She'd be alone again. It wasn't the sex that kept her from ending it, she was happiest when they justtalkedor watched a movie together, although that happened quite rarely by now. It was that she knew, without Jennifer, she'd have no one to love her. Of course there was Ariel, but that was a different kind of love.
The so-called adventures that Kelly and Jennifer 'shared' over the remaining weeks of their relationship were always more about Jennifer than Kelly. It would always be Kelly who was knelt on the floor pleasuring Jennifer, and it became something of a novelty when Kellydidget some attention or gratification. Despite the treatment she was given, Kelly had become confident in herself and her body, she knew she was desirable to other people, especially men, unfortunately, but she wasn't really interested in showing off or becoming a 'prick teaser.' The only person she wanted to impress was Jennifer.
Maybe it was female intuition, or a premonition, either way Kelly began to have a strong feeling that their relationship was close to an end.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
After the phone call from Jennifer that day, 9 months after they got together, Kelly's feelings were justified and, according to Jennifer, it was allKelly'sfault!
The strange thing was that it was all coincidental. Kelly had been walking around town with Ariel a few days ago, hoping that getting her out the house might perk her up. It worked perfectly and, in the sunshine, they looked in different shops, tried things on that they couldn't afford, just the normal things that best friends do. Ariel had suggested going to get a coffee, there was a nice place on the second floor of the market hall that they used to visit a lot in the past, before Ariel's emotional problems began just under a year ago, around the time she split up with her boyfriend.
On the way there they walked past a clothes shop as two girls came through the door onto the street, much to Kelly's surprise, it was Bianca and Amy, Jennifer's two younger sisters. Bianca would soon be 19 and Amy's 21stbirthday had been about a week ago. Kelly had wanted to say hello on her birthday but, as usual, Jennifer had said 'no,' afraid she might be more attracted to her sisters than she was to Jennifer herself! In the brief time they had all met each other, a couple of months into their relationship, Kelly had got the impression that Jennifer was as possessive with her sisters as she was with Kelly herself.
Jennifer seemed to see herself as more of a mother to the two younger girls than a sister. Their mother had died around 3 years ago and, even though the girls were old enough to understand and, after a long time, cope with the loss, Jennifer immediately jumped into the role as mother. The loss was, of course, hugely difficult to move on from, especially as there was no father, but with Jennifer and Amy being over 18, they were allowed to be responsible for 16 year old Bianca. It was 18 year old Amy who had taken the loss hardest, although their mother had given birth to all three of them; Amy had a different father from the others, the result of a one night stand. So with their mother gone, Amy felt like the odd one out, she'd felt like this before but her mother, and Bianca, had triedveryhard to make her feel part of the family. Bianca always referred to Amy as her sister, unlike Jennifer, who would introduce her as ahalfsister.
About three weeks ago Jennifer told Kelly that her sister,and half sister, had decided to move away, they found a small one bedroom rental apartment and moved in within a week of finding it. It seemed to Kelly, although she never mentioned it to Jennifer, that they couldn't wait to get away from her! Kelly had no idea, and no way to ask the sisters, what their lives were actuallylikeafter their mother died and Jennifer took over.
It was plainly obvious to see how close the two sisters were as they walked arm in arm out of the shop, they looked like total opposites which, Kelly pondered, was only to be expected with different fathers. Amy was around 5 feet 7 inches tall and very slim, almost skinny, but she didn't look unhealthy or anorexic or anything. She had gorgeous dark red hair which reached down to just above the middle of her back; she was wearing a black pleated short skirt which showed off her long legs as it was quite warm that day, and a baggy grey t-shirt that had some kind of picture on it, like a skull with snakes crawling out of it. Kelly would describe her as a rock chick; Jennifer had mentioned that Amy had been through a 'phase' of wearing black lacy clothes, a 'gothic' look according to herhalfsister. The only times Jennifer ever mentioned her sisters, which wasveryrare, was to mock them.
Amy had some dark eye shadow on but she looked much brighter than Jennifer described, her pale skin was a stark contrast to the dark skirt and grey t-shirt but, whatever herhalfsister might think, she was beautiful and, with her red hair, dark clothes, blood red lips and dagger shaped earrings, she looked quite naughty!
Bianca, however, who had her arm looped through Amy's arm, wassodifferent you would never guess they were related. At around 5 feet and 2 inches, Bianca looked tiny in comparison to herhalfsister. Although she was smaller than Amy, Bianca looked shapelier; through the tight jeans she was wearing it was easy to see the shape of her legs, curves in all the right places. The gentle curves from her thighs and rear came together giving her a gorgeous figure. Unlike her big sister, Jennifer, Bianca had small breasts, but, like her sister she had long blonde hair that easily reached her bottom, today it was in a long pony tail that dangled behind her. Kelly had never met their mother but she was certain that she had to have been some kind ofsupermodel. Jennifer and Bianca were, obviously, more alike than Amy, but all of them were blessed with great beauty and, when chatting to Ariel one day, Kelly assured her that she didn't, not for one single moment, feel a pang of jealousy. Not much anyway.
"Kelly? Is that you?" Bianca called.
"Bianca! Amy! Heya guys, how are you? I heard you moved out?" Kelly responded, genuinely happy to see some friends, even if they wereforbidden
"Yeah we did," Amy confirmed. "We had to get away from...her."
"You mean Jennifer?" Kelly asked, already knowing that was exactly who she was talking about.
"Yeah, she...well, she wasn't very nice," said Bianca.
"That's putting it mildly," added Amy.
"Oh right, well this is Ariel," said Kelly putting her arm around her best friend. "And Ariel these are Jennifer's sisters, Amy and Bianca."
"Hi," said Ariel nervously, briefly squeezing Kelly's hand.
"Hi," said Bianca.
"Hi," said Amy.
"Hi," said Kelly, all the girls giggled for a moment.
"Are we done with the hellos?" Kelly said still giggling.
"I think so," said Ariel, feeling a little more at ease after the laughter.
"What are you two doing today?" Kelly asked.
"Just looking around, sister stuff," said Amy, looking at Bianca and smiling. There was something else in that smile, a warm loving kind of smile rarely seen between sisters. "How about you?" she asked.
"We were just gonna get some coffee, do you want to come with us?" Kelly offered.
"Sure, that would be cool, we have some catching up to do anyway," said Amy. Bianca smiled and nodded to confirm she would like that too. "It seems likeagessince we last saw each other, thanks to ourlovelysister."
Kelly raised her eyebrows, surprised that Amy and Bianca knew Jennifer didn't want them being friendly, or even civil, with each other.
"She never told us why," Bianca explained. "Just that she didn't want us seeing you at all, and what Jennifer decides isfinal, or she'd shout and scream at us." So she wasn't just manipulative with me, Kelly thought.
"Sorry, I know you two are...seeing each other," said Amy. "It's just hard to be nice after so long y'know?"
"Yeah, I know, she can be a handful but..." Kelly was interrupted
"She can be a real bitch!" Ariel spoke up with venom in her voice. Kelly had seen Ariel depressed, happy, tearful and jovial but hardly everthisupset and irritated. Ariel quickly composed herself and put her arm around Kelly's waist.
"I'm sorry," Ariel said meekly. "It kinda slipped out."
"Its ok babe, I know you're looking out for me," said Kelly. "Well, let's get some coffee!"
They made their way to the second floor of the building and sat down around a table, Bianca and Amy on one side, and Kelly with Ariel on the other side. They talked about a lot of things and, surprisingly, no one mentioned Jennifer throughout their conversations. Bianca informed them that her 19thbirthday would soon be coming around and, despite whatanyonesaid; Kelly and Ariel were welcome to come to the little party, which would be a few friends at a local bar.
"Will there be cake?" Kelly asked in a serious voice.
"Yes, yes there will be cake," Bianca replied. She tried to copy Kelly's serious tone but instead she burst out laughing, a wide and pretty smile played on her lips. "Amy promised to make me one," she explained.
"I've never baked in my life," said Amy, eager to lower everyone's expectations.
"It'll be fine," said Bianca, still with her pretty smile on her young looking face.
"What if I mess it up?" Amy asked, wondering if there was a way to get out of it without upsetting her sister.
"Then I'll eat it anyway," said Bianca. "As long as it's made by you, I don't care."
Both sisters smiled and, for a moment, Kelly thought they were going to kiss each other!
"You're both really sweet," said Ariel. "I wish I had a pretty sister to bake things for me!"
Their banter continued for a couple of hours and many cups of coffee, Kelly and Ariel enjoyed the company of their new friends, oroldfriends in Kelly's case. They eventually said goodbye and everyone hugged each other; even Ariel hugged the two sisters, much to Kelly's surprise after seeing Ariel so depressed and withdrawn for such a long time. It made her smile, Ariel was so beautiful, such a lovely smile and figure, from her dark brown hair to her tight little arse, but she was so much more than just a cute 5 foot 5 inch woman. She was clever, funny and caring, all the things you'd associate with a perfect girlfriend! She found it really hard to meet men, the internet was her only means of meeting people as she hardly ever went out, she reminded Kelly of the way sheherselfhad been for a long time back when she lived with her family.
They exchanged numbers and went off on their way, Kelly and Ariel caught the bus home and the sisters made their way to Amy's car. They offered the girls a lift but they politely declined, they only lived a few stops away and no longer had the energy to walk across town to get to the car park.
It was three days later when Kelly received the phone call. Jennifer told her that she had seen all four of them hugging and kissing in the middle of town, she was going to the bank when she spotted them. Jennifer had already called Amy and Bianca to tell them to stay away, or she'd do something to spoil their 'fancy' new life. Then she had gone to Kelly's parents' house and according to Jennifer, Josh, Kelly's brother, was there on his own. Within 20 minutes, she boasted, she was swallowing his cum! Joshmusthave known he was being used, but getting one over on his sister was too good of an opportunity to turn down, so it seemed.
Kelly was disgusted at her behaviour but also heartbroken because she hadlovedher, she was the only woman she'd been intimate with, the only woman she'd evenkissed! After standing with the phone in her hand for what seemed like hours, she gently placed the receiver down and sank to her knees.
Shy little Kelly Richmond sobbed andwailed,her tears became floods and her head was spinning as she crumpled down on the floor and cried.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Ariel walked slowly through town, uninterested in the world around her; she walked directly towards the bus stop. She felt a little depressed today, although her emotions were often unpredictable these days. She had spent the last hour speaking to a professional psychologist about her depression as well as her lack of self confidence. Every Friday at 4pm, Ariel came into the town centre to go to the mental health clinic at the hospital to talk about her problems and about ways to combat her issues. Ariel knew what the main causes of her problems were, in fact, she'd known for a long time, but simply knowing the cause didn't make treating the symptoms any better.
She noticed men looking at her sometimes but, although she had been assured by Kelly and her other friends that she was areallyattractive person, she assumed they were secretly mocking her or she became convinced that as soon as she passed them on the street they would burst into laughter! She never turned around to see if they really were laughing, just in case she was right. As Ariel walked past the crowds of people outside shops and restaurants she couldn't help feeling inferior. She was wearing a simple white t-shirt with a floral pattern and a pair of jeans, an outfit she liked, but it felt stupid and out of touch out here, amongst people. At 5 feet and 5 inches tall, Ariel wasn'tultratiny, she had a petite frame, small breasts and a lovely figure, her bottom was pert and her legs were in good proportion to her torso. Sometimes, if she caught sight of herself in a mirror at home she'd think, 'hey I don't lookthatbad,' but, every time she saw a leggy blonde in a mini skirt or a 'fiery' redhead, Ariel Calver felt tiny and, most of all, plain and insignificant..
As Ariel opened the door she heard someone crying loudly, she knew it could only be Kelly and rushed inside, slamming the door behind her.
"KELLY!" Ariel shouted, "Where ARE you?"
"Ariel?"Kelly's reply came from her bedroom, her voice quivering. Ariel rushed upstairs and wrenched the bedroom door open.
"Oh...Kelly," was all Ariel managed to say. The sweet blonde girl was lying on her bed, curled up into a ball with her knees squeezed to her chin. Her beautiful long hair was ragged, like it had been pulled and rubbed. It was her face that caused Ariel to stutter, her cheeks were red and looked very sore, her eyes were tired, puffy and also very red, no doubt they had been rubbed a lot with the back of her hand. Ariel didn't say anything else; she asked no questions yet because this wasn't a time for talking. Instead, she rushed to the bed and entered Kelly's waiting arms, the two best friends embraced for what seemed like hours.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
After a while, Kelly wiped her tears away and suggested the sit in the living room with a glass of wine or two, (or three.) Ariel got the drinks and set them on the coffee table and the two friends sat together and talked.
"What an absolute fucking bitch," said Ariel. She'd just heard everything that had been said on the phone and, beyond that, Kelly had admitted things about their relationship that Ariel never knew, including what happened at the restaurant. Kelly had explained that she kept certain parts of the relationship a secret from her best friend. Sometimes it was out of shame; Kelly simply didn't want Ariel to think of her as a whore! Also, Kelly had continued, with Ariel's problems, she hadn't wanted to burden her. Most of all, Kelly realized, she didn't want to tell Ariel about the more extreme things in case Ariel made her realize she was beingused.
Everything was out in the open now and they promised, theyswore, there would be no more secrets. Ariel knew she couldn't tell her about the main cause of her angst, not yet at least, but everything else was fine by her. Kelly even admitted that it was Jennifer who ripped her white top nine months ago and had not, as Kelly had suggested at the time, been thrown away accidentally! Kelly had stopped feeling sad, thanks mostly to her friend, now she felt nothing but anger towards the woman who hadspoiledher, made her into an object; to be used whenever she pleased. Kelly didn't feel anything about her brother; truthfully, she'd stopped caring about him the day she got away from him and his childish taunting.
"They weresoright," Ariel continued. "Bianca and Amy, no wonder they got out as fast as they could! I wonder what they think about being told to stay away."
Kelly was still numb, but the sadness and despair had left her to be replaced by anger. She had never felt this angry towards anyone before, sure she'd been frustrated at her family and at times with the world in general, but this, was a much morefocusedfeeling. She wanted to get back at her, to show her that she wasn't some plaything to be toyed with and then discarded. But how could she? What could she do? It wasn't until Ariel mentioned the two sisters that an idea formed in her head. Bianca's 19thbirthday would take place tomorrow and she was invited. Logic told her that Jennifer wouldn't show up if she had a problem with her siblings, considering the kind of person Kelly knew her to be, she probably wouldn't have gone anyway, after all, the attention would be on someone else andnoton her.
The way Jennifer reacted when she and Kelly evenspokeabout her two sisters made it obvious that the one thing she'd hate most would be someone overlooking her and going for one of them. That's most likely why Jennifer kept them hidden away, to make sure no one ever got the chance. If Kelly was going to try to seduce one of the sisters in would have to be Bianca, Amy was very beautiful but she was Jennifer'shalfsister, so being with Bianca would likely piss her off more.
"Kelly? Are you ok?" Ariel asked.
"Yeah, sorry, I was miles away," said Kelly. She decided not to tell Ariel her plan, if she did Ariel might try to talk her out of it and, most of all, she didn't want Ariel to think less of her.
"How do you feel now?" Ariel persisted.
"I'm ok," she lied, "I just feel angry at her and upset that's all. I'll be ok, promise."
It was about 6pm now and they continued their chatting and drinking until Kelly finally got rid of the numbness and felt more like herself, they laughed together as the alcohol had the desired effect. After an hour or so she decided to call Bianca and Amy, to see if they were ok and, critically for Kelly's ideas, if they were still invited to her birthday get-together. After the 5thring it was Amy who answered the phone.
"Hello"
"Amy? It's Kelly," She said, trying not to sound drunk. "Are you ok?"
"Oh hiya! I'm ok, how are you? Jennifer called earlier to tell us what happened...and why, we wondered if you would be upset with us. Sorry but we had no idea she'd evenseenus," Amy's words were rushed, like a naughty child who's mother had caught her stealing a sweetie.
"No, of course not," Kelly assured her. "There's only one person I blame and it'sher, not you."
"Good," said Amy audibly relieved. Kelly smiled when she heard Amy explaining that she wasn't upset with them to Bianca in the background. She faintly heard Bianca saying something to her sister before Amy came back on the phone. "Are you still going to come out tomorrow?"
"Yeah, sure," said Kelly. "I actually wondered if we were still invited."
"Of course, we were going to call tomorrow anyway because we decided not to go to the pub we mentioned, there's a club in town that opened last month called Rapture. Do you know it?" Amy asked.
"Yeah I know it, how many people will be there?" Kelly asked.
"Four or five others, we'll meet up outside at about 7pm, we could swing by and pick you up if you like?" She offered.
"That would be great, thank you," said Kelly. She told her the full address then, after chatting for a few minutes, she hung up and returned to Ariel and filled her in on the details of the conversation. They spent the evening talking and watched a couple of DVDs, for once Ariel enjoyed a nice night in with her best friend. That night, while tucked up in bed, Kelly ran through all the possibilities that could happen tomorrow evening.
The next morning she awoke with quite a few doubts, unsure of whether to go through with it or not, after all, Bianca had done nothing to her. Besides, she didn't even know if Bianca was gay or straight! Then she thought of Jennifer, she had said on the phone that within 20 minutes of her brother answering the door, she was swallowing his cum! Then she thought about her brother's voice in the background of the phone call, laughing faintly. Finally, it was the mental image she had in her mind of the two of them fucking each other and laughing at her that convinced her to go through with it, this anger motivated her onward through the entire day.
Because the venue had changed from a quiet pub to a noisy club, Kelly would be able to dress up in a more revealing way, as a lot of girls do in hot clubs, and she had the perfect outfit for it. Ironically, Jennifer had bought it for her but, for once, Kelly had refused to wear it and it ended up in the wardrobe and forgotten, until now. It was a slinky white and silver sequin mini dress with long cut out sleeves. The silver sequins made up the main part of the dress so it sparkled in the light; the straps that went over her shoulders were just plain silver. The cuffs of the sleeves were also silver and the sleeves themselves were white. The sleeves were actually thin pieces of material that made it look like they had been torn open so her bare arms would actually be mostly visible. The neck line sat across her breasts, showing a small bit of cleavage but it wasn't a plunging neck line by any means. It wasn't the upper part of the dress that got her attention when she tried it on in front of the mirror however, the dress wasreallyshort, at first she didn't think it would cover her arse but after straightening it a bit it just sat below her buttocks. The hemline was a few centimetres below the curves of her rear, originally she was going to go out with no underwear on, so she could show off to the birthday girl, but if she did that she'd end up either getting raped or arrested! Instead she found a nice silver thong and decided to wear a long coat to keep her from freezing to death.
Ariel walked into the room as Kelly admired her long curvy legs in the mirror.
"Wow, you're going to wearthat," she said in amazement.
"Do you like it?" Kelly asked as she brushed her hair from her face.
"It's nice but, are you going to wear trousers or something with it?"
"No," Kelly replied. "Just a coat to cover up from the cold, what are you going to wear?"
"I don't know, honestly, I'm not sure if Iwantto go," said Ariel.
"Oh? Why not? I thought it would be fun for us to get out," said Kelly.
"I know, it's just, I don't think I'll cope well around all those people and if I start panicking I'll spoil it for everyone, you'll be fine though. You'll have Bianca and Amy taking you there right?" It wasn't the real reason Ariel didn't want to go but it was a good enough excuse.
"Well they'll be in a taxi, they're going to get it to stop here on the way to the club, are you sure you don't want to come?" She asked.
"I'm sure, sorry." Ariel said with her eyes lowered.
"Its ok honey," said Kelly. She walked over to her friend and they hugged for a while, then Ariel went downstairs and Kelly continued to get ready. She found some nice heeled shoes to go with her outfit, she thought about high heels but she didn't like how uncomfortable they could be, especially while dancing. She found some earrings with fake diamonds in them, despite not being the real thing they still looked nice and sparkled in the light. She took another look at herself in the mirror and briefly thought about how all those months ago she had stood here an examined herself; she had worn a little denim skirt and a thin white top. Before that day she'd never dressed so provocatively before, how she had changed since that fateful day.
Kelly waited by the window downstairs, periodically glancing into the street to see if the two sisters were on their way. Her heart was beating loudly in her chest and she guessed that she must look quite pale; she was nervous about seeing them both but she was also quite aware of how revealing her little dress was, but she wasn't going to seduce anyone by wearing baggy jeans and a hoodie! Despite her nerves about what she was wearing, shedidfeel sexy and alluring which inspired her self confidence to rise against her jitters. At last a pair of headlights drew close and the horn sounded; through the window she could see both Amy and Bianca in the back of the car. She waved to let them know she was on her way and grabbed her coat; she decided to carry a wallet in her coat pocket so she didn't need to take a bag.
"I'll see you later, have a good time," said Ariel half-heartedly.
"Thanks babe," said Kelly, oblivious to the slightly 'off' tone that Ariel used. "I'll see you later, don't wait up." She pulled the door open and stepped into the chilly night, pulling her coat on and fastening the front as she walked toward the waiting taxi. It would've made more sense for one of the girls to get in the front, but Kelly saw that Bianca would be sandwiched between Amy's and her own body which seemedmuchmore appealing!
"Hi you two," said Kelly as she opened the car's rear door. As she climbed in the two girls moved up to allow her more space, she noticed that they both wore similar coats to her which hid their clothing, she'd have to wait until they arrived at the club to see what was hiding their young and slim bodies. She did notice, however, that both girls had bare legs which seemed like a good start!
"Heya Kelly," they said in unison.
"Happy Birthday honey," said Kelly, leaning towards Bianca for a quick kiss. Bianca may have expected a peck on the cheek but Kelly decided to take a risk straight away, she put a hand on Bianca's bare knee and very quickly kissed her on the lips. She didn't try to use her tongue; she just pressed her lips against Bianca's for a moment and leaned away.
"And where's mine?" Amy asked with a playful smile.
"I'm sorry," said Kelly giggling, her hand was still on Bianca's knee but, as she leant towards Amy, she slid her hand a little further up her leg. Bianca didn't flinch at all, which, Kelly thought, was a good sign. Amy leant forward to meet her and they quickly pressed their lips together directly in front of Bianca, as the taxi pulled away she moved her hand away, she didn't want to try too much too soon unless she came on too strong and scared her away. The three girls talked and giggled during the journey, according to the sisters they would be met inside the club by a couple of former school friends who they kept in touch with, both of whom were women of Amy's age which pleased Kelly. No men was just what she wanted to hear, the last thing she needed was to be fighting off the advances of some guy she'd never met before, so far, everything was going well.
They arrived at the club about 10 minutes later; there was very little traffic on the roads which made them all wonder if the club would be emptier than they anticipated. After Amy paid the driver all three of them got out of the car, Amy's door was closest to the curb so they all got out the same way and, as Bianca climbed out, Kelly watched as her coat rode up slightly, showing off a little more of the birthday girl's sexy thighs. Once they were all out they made their way to the door, still chatting and giggling, there wasn't a queue outside the door which confirmed their suspicion that the club wouldn't be packed, the doorman smiled at the three women and waved them in, taking a good look at all three of their sweet arses as they walked past him.
Despite the lack of a queue outside there were still a lot of people in there, the music had a beat to it that shook them right to the bone and, evidently, it had the same effect on most of the patrons as they danced with their hands in the air and moved to the beat. Bianca saw the two girls they were meant to be meeting sat at a large table, they stood up when they saw the sisters and immediately embraced them, exchanging greetings, smiles and pecks on the cheeks. Kelly was introduced as a good friend of both sisters, which made her feel more at ease. The two girls weren't as good looking as Kelly had expected, in fact, they were downright ugly! One was overweight and the other, while much slimmer than her friend, had a really goofy looking face, she had a large overbite and greasy skin. A real pair of lookers, Kelly thought sarcastically as she shook their hands rather than embracing them, she doubted her arms would get all the way around the large girl anyway, besides, she'd struggle to get close enough to actually embrace her given the protrusion of the massive tits that stuck out before her, only a top engineer with a degree in booby science would be able to fashion a bra strong enough to hold those mammas in place. Kelly was being cruel and she knew it, in truth she just didn't want to be fighting for the newly 19 year old blonde's attention!
It was hot in the club and both of the sisters removed their coats, giving Kelly her first real look at her prey. Amy was wearing a little black skirt that hugged her tightly showing off the curves of her rear, it came to her upper thigh showing off her gorgeous slim legs. She had a simple black 'crop top' on that tightly hugged her breasts, making them seem larger than they were and pushed them up to show her cleavage, the hemline came to a couple of inches below her breasts which left her flat stomach bare. She had been wearing her hair up in a pony tail but now she took out the bobble and shook her dark red hair out, it fell around her face and shoulders suddenly transforming her from a normal beautiful woman to a rebellious young rock chick.
Next it was Bianca, a small floral coloured dress. On top, the neck line was very revealing, Bianca only had small breasts but what shedidhave was out on display. It was shaped more like a night shirt or lingerie than a 'going-out' dress, the neck was 'U' shaped, and the bottom of the 'U' sat below the centre of her breasts and curved up to where it met the thin straps that held the little dress up on her shoulders. Kelly could see the definition of each small mound of flesh and guessed that not much more than the young girl's nipples were covered by the ever thinning material. At the bottom, the hem line sat around her upper thighs with a small slit cut out of it over her left leg so, when she sat down and crossed her left leg over her right, the slit widened preventing the thin material from tearing. Even while she was standing the slit hung open against her thigh, showing even more of her soft skin.
However, the prize for the shortest hem line went to Kelly herself! When she discarded her coat both Amy and Bianca looked her up and down for a while, the silver sequined dress showing the maximum amount of leg possible while hiding her arse. So Bianca almost had her tits out, Amy's body from below her breasts to her hips was bare to the world and Kelly's own rear, as well as her pussy, was covered by mere centimetres! The moment all three women dropped their coats they became, for a while, the focus of many people's attention!
They all complimented each other on their outfits which made all of them feel even more confident, Bianca sat on a large seat that ran the length of the room against the wall and Kelly squeezed in beside her so that their bare thighs touched each other, Kelly made sure they continued touching, she wanted to see if Bianca would pull away or if she'd stay. When they had their drinks and were all laughing with each other, Kelly, just occasionally, touched Bianca's arm, other times she casually laid her hand on her knee or thigh. All the time she went a little bit further than before, rather than quickly touching Bianca's leg, she let her hand linger, enjoying the feel of the girl's soft skin, then she lightly stroked her thigh while they talked. No matter what she did, Bianca seemed perfectly happy to let her, however, what Kelly had been hoping for was some reciprocation, she wanted Bianca to touchher. As time went on it became less likely to happen and, it seemed, Bianca was simply dismissing her touch as friendly interaction. After an hour and a half, and several drinks, Kelly decided to give it one more go.
"Shall we have a dance?" Kelly asked.
"I'm awful at dancing," said Bianca with a giggle, the alcohol was swimming through her small body and, no doubt, in her head as well.
"So am I," Kelly assured her, "but we don't have to."
"Go on then, let's go and make ourselves look stupid," said Bianca with a smile. They got to their feet and made their way to the dance floor, Amy was talking to the other girls but she smiled at Bianca as she led Kelly by her hand into the crowd. At first then danced quickly with their hands in the air, laughing as they tried to keep to the beat. Suddenly the lights went down and a soft rhythm took the place of the hardcore beating. Kelly parted her arms, inviting the young woman to dance with her. Bianca, still smiling, stepped into her arms and they softly embraced. They moved their feet slowly and seemed to glide across the floor; Bianca rested her head on Kelly breast as they danced. Their legs touched as they moved, rubbing their soft thighs together, Kelly let her hand fall to Bianca's lower back, gently cradling the smaller woman. Bianca slowly lifted her head from Kelly's breast and looked up into her eyes. For a second that felt like an hour their gaze met, Kelly knew it would be now or never, she slowly brought her head in close to Bianca's, her lips quivered in excitement as they got ever closer, Bianca tipped her head back, offering her lips to the oncoming woman, their lips weresoclose, Kelly closed in, and felt Bianca's lips lightly touch hers. Then the lights rose again and the beat suddenly thudded into life, both women were startled and withdrew from each other. Realising what had just happened they couldn't help smiling at each other, and then they were laughing. That was when Amy had interrupted them, the other girls were leaving and wanted to say goodbye to the birthday girl.
Back at the table they said their goodbyes to the two women and soon they were left alone. Kelly felt highly aroused after what hadalmosthappened; she wanted to try again, to taste the younger girl's lips. Once again her hand was resting on Bianca's leg, she didn't move it away like before, it was obvious by now that Bianca was aware of her intention and, crucially, shehadn'trecoiled from her. Now, surely, theyhadto seal it, to kiss and make love, that's all she wanted now.
"Shall we get off home too?" Bianca asked, much to Kelly's disappointment.
"Yeah, do you want to come back home with us Kelly?" Amy asked. "We can have another drink or whatever and you're welcome to the sofa."
"Sure," said Kelly, trying not to soundtooeager, "sounds like fun."
"Cool," said Bianca, "I'm going to call the taxi." As she stood up she put her hand on Kelly's inner thigh and squeezed the soft flesh, causing Kelly to gasp in shock as well as excitement. She watched the young woman walk away, her long blonde hair danced across her back and the hem line of her short dress raised and lowered as she walked, almost showing the sweet curves of her buttocks but always dropping back into place before too much flesh showed. While she used the small phone booth, Kelly sat with Amy and suddenly felt a little selfish; after all she'd hardly spoken to the stunning red haired temptress all night. She hadn't ignored her on purpose of course, she had been so focused on Bianca that most other things became simple background noise. She couldn't even remember the names of the other two girls who had joined them this evening!
"Are you ok honey?" Amy asked in an affectionate way, "you seem to be a little quiet now, I didn't mean to put you 'on the spot' when I asked you to come home with us, we won't be upset if you'd rather go home!"
"No, of course not, I'd love to spend the evening with you," said Kelly earnestly, it had been so long since she had such caring friends, aside from Ariel of course, and Amy's concern was quite touching. "It'll be nice to have a change of scenery; I never actually spent a night away from my house when I was seeing your sister."
"Half-sister," Amy corrected her.
"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't think," Kelly apologised.
"It's alright, every time Jennifer mentioned me shealwaysreminded people that I was the odd one out, so now when people associate me withher, I make sure they know that now it's her turn to be the odd one out," said Amy, smiling triumphantly, like a victim who, after years of abuse, finally gets the beating of a school bully.
"Good for you," said Kelly, she had experienced life as a 'black sheep' in her family and knew it to be an awful way to grow up, feeling lonely although surrounded by people whoshouldaccept you as you are.
"I would've gone mad if it wasn't for Bianca," she said with a wide smile. "I love her so much, she's always been there for me, even though I'm her older sister and she's the baby of the family. Sheneverintroduced me as her half-sister, when anyone asked she always told them that we are proper family"
"She seems like a very special person," said Kelly, eyeing the girl over Amy's shoulder.
Bianca came back to tell them the taxi would be there in a few minutes so all three of them put their coats on, much to the disappointment of several onlookers who had enjoyed ogling the young and beautiful trio. It was totally dark and quite cold outside now, a chilly breeze assaulted them, lifting their coats and skirts at times, a group of about five young men were enjoying the show. Mercifully the taxi arrived, as promised, within a few minutes and the three of them wasted no time piling into the back of the car, this time it was Kelly who sat in between the two sisters. As they sat and chatted to each other Kelly, once again, intended to explore the younger of the sisters, she was slightly less concerned about rejection now though because, in the club, she and Bianca had come sopainfullyclose to finally kissing, in a way Kelly felt as though she'd already been accepted. However, she wasn't convinced that they would experience any more intimacy tonight because, with Amy there, it would be almost impossible for them to have time to themselves. Besides, she owed Amy some attention too after focusing on Bianca all night. With that in mind she decided to keep her hands to herself.
While they talked and giggled Kelly suddenly became aware of a hand on her own thigh, it casually stroked her just as she had done earlier tonight, what shocked her more than anything was that the hand in question belonged to Amy and not Bianca! After putting all her effort into seducing one sister, and almost succeeding, Kelly found herself panicking, she couldn't brush Amy away but, if she had feelings for her, there was no way she could continue trying to get with Bianca. What she wanted originally was to get back at Jennifer, to do theexactthing that Jennifer guarded against! She didn't want to come between the two loving sisters though, after all, they had shown her nothing but kindness since they saw each other in town that day.
It wasn't long until they arrived at the girls' house, and pretty soon they were out of the taxi and hurrying to the front door, eager to get out of the cold night and into the warm house. Amy told Kelly that they had left the central heating system running on a low setting so it should be nice and warm indoors, as they entered the house the wave of heat hit them, making them suddenly feel very hot! In short order they took off their coats and shoes, then Amy turned the kettle on to make some coffee, soon after all three of them were warmed up and sat in the living room, Kelly sat on one end of the little sofa with Bianca beside her, Amy was slumped in a comfy looking chair directly opposite them. Now that it was just the three of them, they didn't worry as much about their clothes as Amy demonstrated when she rested her feet on the chair, bending her knees so they were close to her chest giving both her little sister and Kelly an unobstructed view of her pretty black panties. Bianca also had her feet up on the sofa, her elbow rested on the arm of the sofa which helped her hand support her head, her knees were drawn underneath her and her arse pointed towards Kelly.
As they were sat Kelly could easily see up Bianca's dress and on a few occasions found herself either staring at the thin material that covered the girl's pussy and her firm rear that was fully on show, or staring at the other sisters exposed legs, thighs and underwear, all the while Kelly got more and more excited, enjoying having the young women to stare at. She was certain that either of them could see up her own dress, her knees had drifted apart and her dress had ridden up when she sat down anyway. What a sight they must be! Kelly thought to herself, she was certain that her pussy was moistening, after the sisters left her to the sofa for the night she intended to give herself a little treat before bedtime!
"So, Kelly," said Bianca with a slight nervousness in her tone. "We...well; we have a small confession to make." She sounded worried and when Kelly turned to face her she avoided her glare, looking towards Amy instead.
"It's nothingbad," Amy said quickly. She considered her words carefully before proceeding; she put her feet back on the floor and leant towards Kelly. "We like you, and now Jennifer is out of the picture it means we're free to be...friendly."
"Ok," said Kelly, trying her best to understand exactly what the sisters were getting at.
"Which is great," said Bianca, "I mean being friendly is...good." She, like her sister, had put her feet back on the floor and leant in towards Kelly, making no effort to cover herself up. "The thing is...there was a reason Jennifer was worried about the three of us being friendly, because..."
"Look," Amy said firmly. "I'm just going to tell her, or we'll be here for hours dancing around it, Kelly. Bianca and I aren'tjustsisters, we are..."
"In love," Bianca finished for her.
"With...each other?" Kelly asked, stunned.
"Yes," Amy confirmed. "Please keep our secret; please don't tellanyone, we don't needthatkind of attention from people."
"Does Jennifer know about it?" Kelly asked them, still fully expecting them to start laughing and saying it was all a joke.
"Yeah, she found out, why?" Bianca asked.
"Something she said over the phone when she...dumped me, she said that if you didn't stay away from me she'd do something to spoil yourfancy new life," said Kelly, surprised and a little annoyed at the pang of pain that ran through her when she recalled the phone call that ended her first real relationship.
"She said it to us as well, take no notice of her, she can't prove anything, all that matters is; we love each other, it's not just illicit sex or a fling or something. We're serious, do you understand Kelly?" asked Amy, she spoke of her love soemotionallythat Kelly could have cried for her.
"I understand, the heart wants what it wants," she said in a 'matter of fact' way. "I don't think it's sick or anything."
"Thank you so much," said Bianca. She moved towards Kelly and sat right beside her, and then she leant forward and hugged Kelly. They held each other for a moment; Kelly breathed in the scent of the young woman and had to restrain herself from kissing her bare neck.
"Is this what you meant earlier? You said you had a confession to make," asked Kelly.
"Well, that waspartof it," said Bianca, letting go of her. She laid her left hand on Kelly's knee and stroked her soft skin. "When Amy said we like you, we meant..."
"Wereallylike you," Amy finished. To illustrate her point she got out of her chair and sat on the arm of the sofa. Kelly was in-between both sisters, Bianca was sat close to her on her right side, still gently stroking her leg. Amy was on her left on the raised arm of the sofa; Kelly's head was about level with her breasts. From her raised position, Amy began stroking Kelly's long blonde hair, enjoying the feeling of the beautiful woman. At last, Kelly understood, all night she'd been trying to seduce Bianca, at the same time both AmyandBianca were attempting to piqueherinterest, to tempt her to come back to their house where they would reveal their secrets. Now it wastheywho wanted to seduce her, to share the beautiful woman who had been so cruelly treated by their sister. To comfort her while they, in turn, comforted each other.
Kelly looked up at Amy, the rock chick red hair and blood red lipstick, her face was so beautiful, her lips were pouted and, in this bizarre moment, Kelly desperately wanted those luscious lips pressed against her own. Amy saw the desperation in Kelly's eyes, the blonde was silent but her stare screamed to her without moving a muscle, Kelly was able to convey her need, herlust, with a simple look. Amy slowly lowered her head, the fierce apprehension bolted through her but she resisted the urge to 'dive in.' Amy enjoyed the look of anticipation on Kelly's face, her lips parted and her tongue rose ever so slightly towards Amy's oncoming mouth. For a few agonising seconds, Amy made her wait, she wasjustout of reach, but then, after what seemed like hours, Amy covered Kelly's open mouth with her own. Their kiss was soft, sensual and erotic all at the same time. Kelly closed her eyes as their tongues danced with each other, neither of the women wanting to come up for air. However, the person who most enjoyed the moment was Bianca; she watched her sister's tongue probe Kelly's mouth and watched their lips kiss as they savoured each others taste. It would be her turn soon, but for now the watching was just fine.
For the last 9 months, while Kelly was seeing Jennifer, she had felt used. She'd felt no more important than an inflatable sex doll, her needs often went unfulfilled and sometimes they were flat out ignored. She had longed to make love, she had never experiencedreallove making, the erotic and sensual pleasure that two women can give each other. Here and now, Amy was kissing her in a way she had dreamt about, no hard pressure, no violent thrusts or rawfucking! This was gentle, slow, soft, intense, beautiful and sensuous in the most erotic way. On top of all that, there was a beautiful 19 year old girl watching them, it sent a voyeuristic thrill through Kelly, soon she would need to sample the sweet lips of the younger sister.
Amy broke the kiss and moved away, she had been stroking Kelly's hair but now she gentle pushed her head to one side. Kelly realized that Amy was guiding her towards her little sister. Kelly looked dreamily at the sweet and smiling expression on the birthday girl's face, Bianca swung her right leg over Kelly's left leg, placing her knee on the sofa in-between Kelly's bare thighs. After positioning her small body in such a way that she straddled Kelly's left leg, she leant forward and parted her lips, unlike Amy, Bianca didn't tease or make her wait, because she simply wasn't patient enough. She pressed her pale pink lips against Kelly's mouth, relishing the taste of the sexy woman. Kelly noticed the similarity in Bianca's taste; it wasn't exactly the same as kissing Amy, but not far off.
Kelly started to relax and enjoy herself, she went from sister to sister, deeply kissing Amy and then switching to Bianca, and back again. Kelly had moved to the centre of the little sofa so there was room for each sister to sit either side of her, she had one hand on Amy's thigh and one hand on Bianca's and they, in turn, their hands explored her exposed flesh. Then the sisters looked at each other and smiled, they leant in towards each other and, directly in front Kelly, they kissed each other. This was no peck on the cheek, they kissed deeply, stroked each other's hair and closed their eyes, it was one of the most erotic scenes she had ever seen; the gorgeous blonde with hair down to her lower back, and the beautiful red haired girl with plump red lips and long pale legs, both kissing passionately, knowing they weresistersmade it feel even sexier to Kelly, maybe because it's taboo...or flat outillegal!
Kelly found herself wondering how long they had been doing this, what a beautiful discovery it must be to realize someone so very close to you already was in fact your soul mate as well as a sister. As she watched the girls kissing she couldn't help feeling a little envious.
"Is this ok with you?" Amy asked cautiously, pulling away from her younger sister's lips, "not too weird?"
"No, it isn't weird, I was just thinking how nice it must be," said Kelly, trying not to be patronising. "I actually feel a bit jealous of you both."
"That's sweet of you," said Amy. "I'm glad it's not putting you off. We've been looking forward to sharing you," she giggled.
"Really?" Kelly asked, surprised that she could be the object of two people's desire.
"Absolutely," Bianca confirmed with a naughty smile, like a schoolgirl admitting she has a crush on someone. "Especially when we saw what you were wearing tonight, very tasty," she continued.
"Jennifer bought it for me," admitted Kelly, "the underwear as well!"
"Oh right," said Bianca, quickly regretting her compliments of the dress.
"She wanted to fuck me with a dildo on the bus," Kelly recalled.
"God," said Amy. "Did you do it?"
"No, of course not," she replied. "I stood up for myself for once."
"Good for you," said Bianca. She and Amy knew how hard it was to say no to her domineering sister, she'd just keep pushing until you gave in.
"After tonight I'll throw it away or tear it up, maybe cut in to little bits with scissors," said Kelly, giggling all the time.
"Can we help?" Bianca asked, grinning in that naughty way again.
"Sure," said Kelly.
"Hmmm, go and get the kitchen scissors Bianca," said Amy, smiling in the same way as her sister.
"Oh, I didn't meannow, I'll have nothing to wear when I go home!" Kelly said, panicking.
"It's ok, I'll lend you something," said Amy as Bianca skipped into the kitchen. A moment later she returned with a large pair of scissors and sat back down where she had been before, sandwiching Kelly between the two sisters.
"Where shall we start?" Bianca asked playfully.
"A little snip to start off and we'll tear it off her," said Amy.
"I thought I was going to take it off first!" Kelly said, surprised.
"More fun this way," said Amy. "Cut here," she said, pointing in between Kelly's breasts. Grinning widely, Bianca angled the scissors downward and snipped a little slit into the top.
"Do I get to tear your clothes off?" Kelly asked.
"You won't need to babe," replied Amy. After another snip, Bianca withdrew the scissors and pulled at the tear, it was tough material and would need both sisters' strength.
"Stand up, Kelly," said Bianca, pulling at her arm. Amy stood as well and took hold of a flap of torn dress. "You ready?" Bianca asked her sister.
"Yeah, on three. One...two...THREE!!!" Both sisters pulled as hard as they could, tearing the little dress open as far down as Kelly's navel. Kelly gasped as, quite suddenly, her upper body was revealed to these two girls. They hadn't finished yet, each of them took hold of the dress further down and, at the count of three again, they tore the pretty dress totally of their beautiful blonde guest. Even as the dress lay ruined at Kelly's feet, the sisters still had more to do. Amy retrieved the large scissors and stoop up in front of Kelly.
"You said ourbitchof a sister bought your underwear too?" Amy asked.
"Y...yeah, she did," Kelly stammered, still a little shocked at her state of undress.
"Shhh...it's ok, we're having fun. Remember?" Amy said softly, stroking the older girl's hair gently. Kelly nodded and Amy smiled at her, a big, wide and beautifully seductive smile that made Kelly's heart skip a beat. "Let us take good care of you tonight; you don't have to worry aboutanything, right Bianca?"
"Yeah, of course," the youngest of the three girls agreed. She was squatted down at Kelly's side with her small hands holding on to her thigh. She lightly kissed her knee at first; and then she moved around behind Kelly and kissed the hollow recess behind her knee. Bianca wanted to enjoy Kelly's entire body, she planted soft kisses up the back of her thigh, then her cute buttocks, and finally she got to the base of Kelly's spine. Kelly shivered as she felt the young woman drag her tongue right up her spine as far as the shorter girl could reach.
"Ready for more?" Amy asked, sliding the cold scissors down Kelly's throat towards her bra.
"I think she is," said Bianca, walking around to stand in front of Kelly again, eager to see more of the stunning woman's body. Despite Amy and Bianca's soft encouragement, Kelly still felt apprehensive about being naked in front of these two girls, however the excitement was too tempting and she gently nodded in agreement. Amy smiled again and positioned the scissors directly between her cute breasts, trapping the middle of her bra between the two sharp blades. Then, after a little snip, Kelly's breasts were out in the open.
"Wow," said Bianca. "They're beautiful." She cleared away the remnants of the broken bra so she and Amy had an unobstructed view of the two sweet mounds. Wasting no time, Bianca cupped Kelly's right breast. She caressed the soft skin and ran her thumb ever so gently across the raised nipple, making Kelly shudder and tingle with pleasure. Amy took a hold of her left breast, caressing it in a similar way to Bianca. When both sisters were massaging her breasts, Kelly sighed and the tingling grew more intense, however, when the sisters simultaneously brushed her erect nipples she couldn't help gasping and sighing loudly. Her pussy tingled in a similar way to her breasts; it was demanding attention and took every last piece of self control she had to keep her hands by her side rather than rubbing the sweet flesh inside her panties.
Bianca and Amy smiled at each other when they heard, and felt, Kelly's reaction to their touch. It had been Amy's idea to coerce Kelly into this, Bianca wasn't sure at first but the more she'd thought about it, the more it piqued her interest. She had then suggested attempting to lure Kelly's friend, Ariel, into their plans but she hadn't arrived at the party. The night before the party they had talked about having both of them, Kelly and Ariel, at the same time, each sister having one of the friends for a while and swapping over. They reworked the plan earlier tonight while they were at the club and decided to simply share Kelly rather than take turns. Amy said it would be fun to explore the beautiful blonde's body together and, so far, all was going to plan.
"You like this, baby?" Amy asked Kelly.
"Mmmmm..." was all she could manage vocally so she just nodded her head in reply.
"Good, good girl..." Amy's voice was soft and full of lust but something caught Kelly's attention. Jennifer had always called her 'baby' when they had sex and, for just a moment, Kelly thought of the woman who had ripped out her heart. Despite her feelings of revulsion at the temptress, a smile crept along her lips; after all she now had Jennifer's two sisters pleasuring her. At this point, Kelly thought to herself, revenge was a dish best served hot and wet!
"Ready for the last part?" Bianca asked, holding the scissors again.
"Let's do it," Amy answered. Kelly didn't say anything, she was shaking again. Embarrassment was part of it, she was fairly sure it would be wet down there, but mainly because only Jennifer had seen her down there and now she was going to be totally naked in front of these two seductive sisters! Amy moved behind Kelly and rested her chin on her shoulder, briefly kissing her neck before sliding her hands around her slim waist. Hugging her from behind, her chest pushing into Kelly's back, Amy dragged her hands along the soft skin of Kelly's abdomen before bringing them up to her bare breasts, caressing them both so gently that it made the blonde's head fall back onto Amy's shoulder. Kelly was so focused on Amy's expert stimulation that she didn't even notice the cold metal on her thigh, and it wasn't until Bianca cut through the thin waistband of her panties which was followed by the feeling of the ruined silky material sliding down her legs and gathering around her feet, that she realized she was naked. Her clothes were ruined and she had no way of covering herself up but Kelly wassoturned on that she didn't care about anything other than the amazing sensations the two sisters gave her.
"So," Kelly said breathlessly, "when do I get to seeyounaked?"
"Well we bought our own clothes so there's no need to ruin them," said Amy, still with her hands on Kelly's bare breasts. Bianca stood in front of them and smiled, clearly excited by what she saw; her beautiful sister fondling the naked blonde's breasts was an extremely erotic scene. Unable to stay away from the action, Bianca walked towards the two women; before she was in touching distance of the naked girl she suddenly stopped herself and stepped back.
"What is it?" Kelly asked.
"You wanna see me naked?" Bianca asked.
"Yeah, of course she does," said Amy, squeezing Kelly's breasts lightly, causing her to moan aloud. Bianca giggled at Kelly's obvious arousal and took another step back; she crouched down first and put her hands up her dress and pulled her panties down before standing up and tossing them aside, still giggling, Bianca slowly pulled the left strap of her dress down over her shoulder and slid her arm out of it, holding the dress in place with her left hand, she repeated the process with her right arm. Kelly silently begged her to drop the dress but Bianca made her wait, enjoying the look of pure lust on Kelly's face, Amy also watched her little sister's performance with growing desire, even though she'd seen her naked many times before. Finally, Bianca released her grip and the little dress tumbled to the floor and gathered around her feet, she stepped back and kicked it away, then stood before Kelly and Amy with her hands on her hips.
"See anything you like?" Bianca asked.
"Absolutely," said Kelly. She looked at the naked body of the 19 year old beauty, her eyes moving up and down, following the sweet curves of her delicate form. Everything about her body was equally small and sexy, like her small breasts that sat proudly on her petite frame and the sweeping curve of her legs and hips, her body looked like it had been built for pleasure. Inevitably, Kelly's eyes were drawn to the area between Bianca's sexy legs, and her heart skipped a beat at the sight of the hairless lips. Amy was also enjoying the show, she released Kelly's breasts and watched the two blondes embrace, their naked bodies pressed against each other as they kissed. Amy took this opportunity to undress herself; she wasn't as much of a show off as her little sister and preferred to quickly remove her clothes rather than seductively strip.
While Kelly was enjoying the taste of Bianca's lips as well as the feel of her naked body pressed against her own, she suddenly felt another pair of bare breasts push against her back. Then she felt a pair of hands running down her sides and over her buttocks, then her buttocks were being pulled apart and a finger pressed against her anus. Powerless to break the kiss she shared with Bianca, Kelly had no choice but to let the foxy rock chick do as she pleased. However the finger soon departed and she felt Amy move away.
"Take her to the bedroom, babe," instructed Amy. "I'll be with you in a minute, I need to fetch something." Bianca did as she was asked and led Kelly by the hand towards the bedroom she shared with her sister. Once inside, Bianca crawled onto the big double bed, giving Kelly a good look at her arse and pussy, then she laid back on the silky sheets and looked up at Kelly.
"Don't be shy," said Bianca, patting the bed and smiling. Kelly didn't need to be asked twice and she followed the young blonde, crawling after her along the gold sheets. Bianca turned to her side and leant on her elbow. "Now, lay down on your back with your head on the pillow."
"Ok," said Kelly uncertainly, she hadn't expected their love making would be quite sostructured.
"It's ok," said Bianca. "Like we said before, you don't have to do a thing, let me and my sister, take care of you." Kelly laid on her back like she'd been told and rested her head back upon the soft pillow. While Kelly got comfy, Bianca reached into a drawer beside the bed and withdrew a small and silky piece of material; it looked like a red cravat except for the patches of Velcro on each end. She rolled back to Kelly's side and leant over her, dangling the little strip of silk in front of her.
"What's this for?" Kelly asked.
"It's for you," said Bianca with a sly smile. She rolled on top of Kelly, straddling her, and lowered it horizontally over her eyes. "Lift your head so I can fasten it on."
"A blindfold!?" Kelly asked uncomfortably.
"Yes a blindfold, and these," Bianca slid her hand under Kelly's pillow and retrieved a pair of furry handcuffs. "I'm going to put the blindfold on first, then roll onto your stomach so I can put your hands behind your back," she spoke softly and stroked Kelly's cheek.
"Seriously?" Kelly asked, shocked at the young woman's request. "You want to tie my hands behind my back and blindfold me?"
"It'll be fun," urged Bianca. "You trust us don't you?"
"I...I do trust you," stammered Kelly, "I've just never, y'know, never eventhoughtabout doing it."
"Look, we're not gonna hurt you or do anything that will upset you," said Bianca earnestly. "I mean, c'mon, the idea of being tied up and blindfolded in the nude at the mercy of two sexy sisters must appeal to your 'inner slut' right?" Kelly blushed and despite the crude way Bianca spoke, she couldn't help giggling.
"Well I never thought of it likethat," said Kelly. "I guess it could be fun to try something different."
"Good!" Bianca beamed a seductive smile and clapped her hands together. "Right, lift up your head baby." Kelly complied and a moment later she was blinded. Bianca climbed off of her and knelt at her side.
"Now roll onto your stomach and put your hands behind your back," Bianca instructed. Kelly obeyed and soon felt the soft fur around her wrists followed by the click of the clasp on the handcuffs. "Now, lie on your back again, the bed's soft so your arms shouldn't hurt or anything." Kelly rolled back to where she started with her head on the soft pillow, bound and blind she was indeed, as Bianca had put it, at the mercy of the sisters. An overwhelming sense of powerlessness washed over her, she felt vulnerable and a little scared. Of course she knew the sisters wouldn't harm her, nevertheless she still held a fearful gaze behind the silky barrier. Her apprehension was lifted when she felt Bianca's lips on her own, the young woman's tongue slipped into her mouth and suddenly Kelly was turned on and ready for whatever the coming experiences would be.
Bianca felt empowered, the gorgeous blonde was defenceless and she could do anything she wanted. She ran her right hand over Kelly's slim body, touching, stroking and groping wherever she liked. Each time she touched a part of her body Bianca reminded herself that even if Kelly didn'twantto be touched, she was the one in total control. Bianca had told the truth when she promised not to do anything the older girl wouldn't like, that was a promise she would never break, but just knowing that shecouldgave her a real feeling of dominance which added an extra layer of perverse excitement for her.
While she waited for her sister to arrive, Bianca toyed with Kelly. She touched, kissed and licked random parts of her body, enjoying each shiver and moan the beautiful woman let slip. Kelly never knew which part of her body would receive the next piece of stimulation; would it be her breast, nipple, thigh, lips or even her pussy next? Each time she was surprised and thrilled, never disappointed by Bianca's touch. They weren't getting into any serious lovemaking yet but the playful foreplay was adequate entertainment while they awaited Amy's return.
Kelly heard the bedroom door open followed by girlish giggles from both sisters, as she lay naked and bound Kelly couldn't help feeling self conscious and for a moment she worried the girls may be laughing at her. Bianca had stopped kissing various parts of her body, now her small hand rested on Kelly's taught stomach as Amy entered the room and made her way to the bed.
"Well look at you two," said Amy, looking first at her naked sister and then Kelly. "Two naked blonde girls on my bed, what on earth shall I do?"
"I can think of a few things, and a few of them are illegal," laughed Bianca. "You can start by giving your little sister a birthday kiss!" Kelly felt the bed sink down next to her as Amy climbed on followed by the smooching sound of the sisters kissing. Suddenly, Kelly felt a mouth close over her own, the lips were slightly bigger than before which told her that it was Amy who kissed her.
"You're so sexy," Amy whispered between kisses. Her left hand stroked Kelly's hair and ran up and down her cheek.
"Hey Amy," said Bianca, "you ought to try one of these, they're great!" Again they both laughed, Kelly had no idea what Bianca was referring to as Amy's mouth moved away from her own, and then she felt both sisters shuffle down the bed, one on each side of her body. Kelly waited, then she realized what Bianca had meant, both sisters closed their lips around each of Kelly's nipples with Bianca on the right, and Amy on the left. The feeling of one mouth on her breast was sweet enough, but having both of them sucked at the same time was nothing short of scintillating! Kelly moaned, shivered and moved her head from side to side. Normally at this point Kelly would immediately bring her hand between her legs and massage her intimate area; instead she rubbed her thighs together attempting to rub the lips of her pussy together.
Kelly hadn't felt this sexually charged for a long time and the sexy siblings were only just getting started. Amy removed her mouth from Kelly's breast and moved further down the bed, she gently parted the blonde's shapely legs and position herself between them. While Bianca continued the assault on the erect nipples, Amy started kissing her way from Kelly's stomach down to the top of her juicy pussy; however she didn't intend to lick down there. Amy ran her fingers up and down the moist slit at first, and then she gently eased one finger, then two, inside Kelly's body. Before long Amy's hand was sopping wet, and then, as she smiled at Bianca, she placed the tip of her strap on dildo at the entrance of Kelly's slightly widened hole.
Bianca had giggled a few minutes ago when Amy first entered the bedroom wearing the strap-on, even more so as her sister posed and stroked the 7 inch penis. This was the main reason they decided to blindfold Kelly, they wanted her to be surprised when the faux-cock filled her up. Neither sister had any desire to hurt her and if Kelly protested they would certainly stop immediately, this wasn't the first time the two women had 'shared' a woman though and in the past they found that if their 'guest' saw the dildo first they tended to be put off by it, reluctant to be screwed with anything resembling a man's equipment. In their opinion, this was something that needed to be tried at least once and not just dismissed, and some women would dismiss it, fearing they would be beingunfaithfulto their choice of sexuality.
Kelly wasn't certain what was pushing against her pussy at first, the last thing she expected tonight waspenetrationafter all, only when the head of the cylinder shaped object eased into her did she realize what was happening.
"W...what...?" Kelly stammered, her sentence was cut short and her question was unasked as Amy, the beautiful redheaded sister, thrust her hips forward, burying the thick cock inside the blonde's body, about 4 inches of the shaft penetrated her pussy.
"Ohhh...fuck! Oh my GOD!!" Kelly cried out. "Mmmmm." Her words lost their form and meaning, instead they became long and drawn out groans of pleasurable fucking. Amy slowly withdrew the shaft, bringing all but an inch of it out before once again thrusting forward, this time it slide in further than before and just as she had done a moment ago, Kelly cried out.
Both sisters were aware of how risky this was, they had no way of knowing if Kelly would evenenjoythis type of sex, they didn't even know if Kelly's hymen and been broken yet! For this reason both Amy and Bianca were relieved that no blood appeared when the dildo was pulled out of her body for a second time. Of course, what they didn't know that it was actually this type of sex that had broken Kelly's hymen several months ago, when their other sister, Jennifer, had convinced her to accept a thick dildo inside herself.
After pulling out the second time, Amy didn't immediately push the cock inside Kelly's pussy like she did before.
"Is this ok? Are you enjoying it? We will stop if you don't like it," it was Bianca who spoke. She cringed as she waited for the blonde's reply, hoping they would receive a positive response.
"It's ok," Kelly replied as she struggled to get her breath back. "I...I wasn't expecting it, no way, I had no idea," she admitted.
"Good," said Amy. Both sisters glanced at each other, they were relived that Kelly actuallylikedit and they smiled at each other. Before another word was uttered by any of the three girls, Amy thrust the dildo, harder than ever, deep inside Kelly's throbbing pussy. Now there was no stopping her as she gleefully fucked the sexy blonde while her gorgeous sister watched.
Kelly almost screamed when Amy drove the full length of the cock inside her, she then withdrew it all the way out before driving it home again. 7 inches of fake cock, in and out, in and out. Every thrust was met with a screech from the blindfolded beauty. Bianca watched the dildo slide in and out of Kelly's pussy, she was totally mesmerised by the sight of it pounding into her sweet body! Leaning in close, her head resting on Kelly's lower stomach only inches away from the penetration, she just watched and watched.
"Wanna taste her sis? See if she's as sweet as she looks?" Amy asked.
"Sure, gimme," Bianca replied. She didn't move, just opened her mouth. Amy withdrew the cock from Kelly's pussy and guided it gently into her sister's mouth. Bianca closed her lips around the shaft as it entered her, tasting Kelly's body on her sister's strap on. Just thinking about it made her giggle inside, after all, she thought, it's hard to get much more illicit than this!
"Mmmmm, Kelly! You taste lovely," said Bianca after she let the shaft move away from her lips. "Every part of you is tasty, if I was a cannibal I would eat you up!"
"Have you had enough of 'Mr Cock' for now? Or do you want some more," Amy asked.
"I'd like to be able to see first," said Kelly, breathless after the assault on her pussy.
"Hmmm, ok," said Bianca. "I think that sounds fair." Bianca carefully tore the Velcro of the blindfold apart and lifted it from Kelly's face. After being in darkness for a while, Kelly squinted at the light. Squeezing her eyes closed again she meant to put her hands on her face but, of course, they were still bound behind her.
"Do you think I could have my hands back now? Pretty please" Kelly asked, doing her best schoolgirl voice, as if she was asking a maths teacher if she could use a calculator for a particularly difficult equation.
"Hmmm," Bianca, again, mused aloud. "Not just yet, soon though, I promise. For now I think I'll lie on my back and let Amy fuck me, while she's busy with that I want your pussy on my face. After all, I'm the birthday girl right?"
With that, Bianca laid back and opened her legs, inviting Amy to fuck her little hole. Obeying, as usual, Kelly managed to sit up and put her leg over the tiny blonde's sexy body, she shuffled forward on her knees until Bianca's beautiful face was directly between her thighs and her ravaged, dripping wet pussy hovered over her lips. Amy was in position; she spread Bianca's legs as wide as she could to accommodate the thick cock.
"You ready baby?" Amy asked as she wiggled the head of the cock into her sweet little pussy. Unlike with Kelly, Amy hadn't already penetrated Bianca with her fingers to open up her pussy ready for the long shaft. However, as the sisters had discovered a while ago, Bianca enjoyed much harder orgasms when pain was mixed with pleasure.
Amy had been surprised at first when one night while having sex, Bianca had asked to be slapped across the face. After she saw how much her little sister enjoyed it, Amy began to enjoy doing things to make the young blonde cum harder and harder. Their sex wasn'talwaysviolent by any means, but the sisters enjoyed the extra dimension that came with it, Amy as the aggressor and Bianca as the 'victim.' Bianca even asked Amy torapeher, which was the reason they had bought the big strap-on in the first place, Bianca had also bought a tight dress, several sizes too small and very revealing. That night, Amy, while wearing the large dildo, hadthrownBianca around their living room before dragging her by the hair into the bedroom where she tore the clothes off her sister and drove the entire length of the dildo inside her, actually lifting her off her feet! Bianca had cum harder than she ever had done before, squirting her juices out of her pussy and writhing around in the throws of several high powered climaxes.
With their past encounters in mind, Amy didn't worry about the minimal amount of lubricant on the dildo as she positioned it between Bianca's sweet lips.
"Yes, yes I'm ready baby," said Bianca, her voice was full of arousal and anticipation. "Mmmmm Kelly, your pussy looks nice and tasty, give it to me. Fuck my face baby, cum in my mouth!" As requested, Kelly lowered her hips until she felt Bianca's face touch her pussy.
"Ahhhh, yeahhhh," it was Kelly's turn to be vocal. With more encouragement from Bianca she started to rock her hips back and forth, dragging her pussy over her face. Kelly was getting more and more excited, she could tell her juices were flowing again by the slick sound her pussy made as she ground it against the young blonde.
"Mmmmm, that's good," encouraged Bianca, her voice was somewhat muffled. "Very nice baby, very ni...OHHH GOD!!" Bianca screamed as every inch of that thick cock forced its way into her body, she felt Amy bang against her groin which confirmed that 7 inches of cock was now inside her!
"OHHHH!!! Amy! Amy!!" Kelly thought that Bianca seemed to be pleading with her sister to stop. If indeed thatwasthe case, Amy showed that she had no intention of stopping! She pulled her hips away from her sister, pulling the entire shaft out, only to crash inside her again. She was slow at first but soon she was powering in and out of her little sister! "OHHHH GOD!! PLEASE AMY!! OHH YESSS MMMMM, I LOVE YOU AMY DON'T STOP......FUCK ME!!!" Kelly didn't stop grinding away, she was nearing her own climax and, despite Bianca's passionate screams, she continued licking, kissing and nibbling at Kelly's wet pussy. She breathed hard and shivers ran through her body as she leaked into Bianca's open mouth, soon she was crashing into an orgasm of her own!
After 10 minutes of hard and passionate sex, Kelly was lying atop Bianca, her arms were still locked behind her back but Amy soon removed the 'cuffs. Both blondes were breathless and spent from their huge orgasms, Amy had cum while she was screwing her sister and now, with the dildo discarded, she laid alongside the two women. They all swapped kisses and hugs, then, naked and entangled in each other's arms, they each lost their separate battles against fatigue and slept.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
Kelly got a taxi home the following day, dressed in the same black top and mini skirt that Amy had worn the previous night. On the way home she thought about the events of last night, she didn't have any underwear so occasionally she slipped her hand up the skirt and stroked herself, she was pretty certain the driver couldn't see and, as he would be dropping her off at her doorstep, she didn't have to worry about being seen in the minimal outfit she wore. Her coat was on the seat beside her and as they turned onto her street she went through the pockets to retrieve her purse, she paid the driver and stepped out of the car. Kelly was pretty sure the driver was staring at her as she walked towards the front door and it wasn't until she pulled it open that he put the car in gear and drove away.
Ariel was sat on the sofa watching the TV; she was wearing a pair of shorts and a simple t-shirt and was hugging her bare knees to her chest when Kelly came through the door. Ariel's eyes widened at the sight of her best friend as she breezed through the door, the little skirt had ridden so far up that Ariel could almost see Kelly's pussy!
"What happened to your dress?!" Ariel asked.
"It got a little torn," Kelly giggled. "Are you alright?"
"Yeah," Ariel lied. "How was your night? Have fun?"
"Yeah, lots," said Kelly, smiling wickedly.
"Oh, right, who was the lucky girl?" Ariel didn't really want to know but she asked anyway.
"I'll tell you about it in a bit, I need a shower," said Kelly, turning away and heading up the stairs before Ariel could say anything.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
In the small shower cubicle, with warm water streaming on to her body, Kelly leant against the wall and, despite how turned on she'd been that morning since waking up in-between the sisters and during the taxi ride home, she was no longer smiling.
Since waking up she had felt on top of the world! The three of them hadn't been intimate again aside from a few kisses and hugs, in fact, if anyone had visited the house they would never have known about the passion and lust that had surrounded them the previous night. Despite all that passion, Kelly had a strange feeling that something just didn'tfeelright. Amy had donated her outfit to Kelly; after all it was she and Bianca who had destroyed the pretty silver dress! Kelly had asked for underwear but, amidst girlish giggles, the sisters declined and suggested that it would be fun to go 'commando' beneath the tiny skirt. Maybe it was paranoia, but she couldn't help thinking that they were mocking her! In the taxi she had briefly enjoyed the attention she got while wearing the outfit and had casually touched herself, but the feeling had fizzled away.
Now, in the shower, that feeling was back again. She hesitated to admit it to herself for a while but, eventually, she realized what it was. The way Kelly felt now wasexactlythe same way she had felt after she came home from the restaurant, when she and Jennifer had 'made love' in public. It was also the same way she had felt after Jennifer had burst through her hymen with a dildo, not too different from the one Amy had used the previous night. In fact, this was the same way she had felt after almostallher sexual encounters with Jennifer: used.
After Kelly finished with the shower she dried herself off on a soft towel and slid into her comfortable white robe, she always loved to wear this robe after a shower; the soft fabric against her equally soft skin was heavenly. She was just about to head downstairs when she heard the front door open.
"Kelly! I'm going to see my mum for a bit," Ariel shouted.
"Oh, ok...see you la..." the door swung shut before Kelly finished her sentence. Bemused, Kelly came downstairs and went to the kitchen to find something to eat; wondering what could be the matter with Ariel.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
After a few hours, Ariel returned to the house. She had been crying but the tear marks were hard to make out after scrubbing her face with warm water and soap while she had been at her mother's house. She could tell the shower was switched on, she could hear the water flowing out of the shower head from the bottom of the stairs. Before leaving the house, Ariel had quickly pulled a pair of jeans over her shorts; her lack of self confidence didn't allow her to leave the house with bare legs. Now that she was at home she pulled the jeans off again and tossed them into a clothes basket, her small shorts were wrinkled but she smoothed the material out as best she could and headed into the living room.
Kelly had heard the door open and close from the bathroom, she had realized that, this morning, she had forgotten to wash her hair, and she had used that as an excuse to jump in the shower again. When she heard Ariel return she turned the water off and, again, dried herself before wearing her dressing gown and exiting the bathroom.
Downstairs, she found Ariel in the living room again. She was on the sofa with her legs crossed; the shorts were showing off a pleasant amount of her slim legs.
"Hi," said Kelly, cautiously.
"Hey," Ariel replied, offering a forced smile.
"Is everything ok? You seemed in a hurry to get going after I came back," Kelly asked as she sat on the chair opposite to the sofa. She crossed her own legs, aware that she too was showing off a lot her own shapely legs. When standing the robe reached just over her thighs, it wasn't much longer that than the little mini skirt she'd arrived home in, it was only her and Ariel in the house though, so she didn't worry about being revealing.
"Yeah I'm fine," Ariel lied again. "I just needed to see my parents; that's all."
"Ok, if you're sure," said Kelly, unconvinced.
"So what happened to your dress?" Ariel asked.
"It got torn off," Kelly replied, "by Amy and Bianca!"
"You mean...you had sex with them?" Ariel asked, amazed. "Both of them? At the same time?"
"Yeah, it was pretty wild," Kelly confirmed. At Ariel's request, Kelly went on to tell her what had happened, how she had wanted to get revenge on Jennifer at first but later decided she didn't want to come between the two loving sisters, then how she had been surprised at their amazing confession followed by the sex. She didn't go into detail with the actual sex; partly because she was embarrassed by it and partly because Ariel really didn't seem interested in the gory details.
"Wow," was all Ariel managed. She appeared to be thinking about it a while and then, to Kelly's amazement, a single tear ran down her cheek. Quickly, Ariel rubbed at her face with the palm of her hand but she knew it was too late, Kelly had seen it.
"What is it? What's wrong? Please tell me Ariel, maybe I can help," Kelly pleaded.
"No, no, it's nothing," she stammered while wiping another tear from her eye and quickly turning away. "Just in a...a funny mood that's all, you know what I'm like, sometimes anything can set me off." Thinking quickly, she stood up and headed towards the stairs, intending to go to her bedroom.
"No, no Ariel, that won't work this time. You've beenfunnywith me since yesterday, when I was getting ready to go to the club for Bianca's birthday drink," said Kelly. Her words had come out a little more harshly then she intended.
"You...you just make me so...soupsetsometimes!" Ariel's reply was every bit as harshly as Kelly. "Why do you do it? Why are youdeterminedto be with people that treat you badly?! You stayed with Jennifer for so long, even though youknewyou were being used for sex, like some sort of blow up doll! Then, as soon as you're freed from her you immediately rush out to find someone else for sex rather than looking for someone who might actuallyloveyou! Why? I don't understand you anymore." Ariel was shaking as she forced her words out, words that she'd kept to herself for a long, long time. The part about going out to find sex was new, but up to that point she had recited these words to herself so many times!
"I...I don't know, Ariel why are you saying this? You're hurting me," Kelly was forcing her words out as well. She was stunned by her friend's emotional and heartfelt outburst, she had no idea that Ariel was evencapableof this kind of tone!
"Because...I...I," Ariel struggled to force this sentence out.
"Why," Kelly insisted. "Why would you say it's me who is upsetting you? I've never done anything to upset you like this!"
"Because I," Ariel took a breath, "because I FUCKING LOVE YOU!!"
"I love you too Ariel," said Kelly, taken aback by loud proclamation of love. "That's why I wouldn't ever hurt you."
"No, you're not listening," Ariel persisted, staring at the floor, suddenly scared to look at her friend. "IREALLYlove you, not just as a friend. I mean Iwantyou, like a lover would want you." Ariel had held on to this secret for such a long time that, by letting it go, she felt as relieved as she might have felt if she'd spent several hours holding a 20 kilogram weight over her head and, at last, had been able to drop it.
"But, but you're not a...a," it was Kelly's turn to struggle. "Like me! You not into girls." She was clearly shocked by this revelation of her friend's sexuality, but hearing that Ariel actually had 'special' feelings for her was mind blowing.
"I know, I mean I didn't used to but after you moved in I started feeling...different, and I wasn't sure but soon I started to see women differently, especially you." Now that she had revealed her 'big secret' Ariel found herself talking much steadier.
"But," Kelly still struggled to comprehend that she was the object of her best friend's desires, "but why didn't you tell me when you first realized? Why wait until now?"
"I wanted to, I mean, I was going to but...but Jennifer spoiled it, she spoiled everything and she did it on purpose." Ariel was on a roll now and the secrets kept coming, "let me tell you everything. Sit with me?" Ariel sat back down on the sofa and Kelly joined her.
"So, what happened?" Kelly asked.
"Well, Jennifer told you that we hadn't seen or spoke to each other since school, right?" Ariel asked. Kelly nodded to say yes. "Well, that was a lie, we had been in contact for a while after school, and we talked on the internet and sometimes on the phone. It was Jennifer I first told about my...my sexuality, and I told her about you, and how I felt about you."
"She never mentioned that to me," Kelly assured her.
"I know," Ariel continued. "I eventually decided to tell you, but I was still with my boyfriend at the time and Jennifer said that I should split up with him first, so I would have a 'clear conscience' when I told you about it. So, that day, I came up with a plan and later on I told it to Jennifer, I would arrange to meet him the following day and end our relationship. Then, when I got home, I'd take a deep breath and tell you everything. Jennifer got me to tell her what time I'd be going out and how long it'd be before I came home. She said she wanted to know so she'd know what times to 'think of me' as she put it." Ariel looked down and called herself 'stupid' under her breath.
"Anyway," said Ariel, "You know the rest, while I was splitting up with my boyfriend, Jennifer came to pay you a visit and that was that. You can imagine my surprise when I came home and discovered what had happened."
"I had no idea," said Kelly, thinking back to that day, "how awful it must have been for you, and...oh of course! That's how she knew my name! She called me by my name before I'd even told it to her. I thought I'd told her and forgotten but now it makes sense, but why? Why did she do it to you if you were friends?"
"She did it to punish me for...well," she looked up at Kelly, "do you remember, when we were at school and that guy...that guy tried to rape me?"
"Of course I remember," said Kelly. "I could never forget something like that, if it wasn't for that teacher..." Ariel had only been 14 years old; the man had pretended to be a supply teacher and had lured her into an empty classroom. Luckily a teacher happened to walk by and heard her screams just in time; he burst into the classroom before the rapist could do anything. With the teachers witness statement the rapist was easily convicted.
"Well, it turns out that he was Jennifer's boyfriend," Ariel grimly revealed. "She blamed me for everything, said it must have been me who came on to him! I had no idea it was her boyfriend until she told me, she waited all this time to...break my heart. She told me everything while you were in the bathroom later that day."
"So that's why you could never stay in the same room as her," said Kelly. Everything was making sense now; no doubt this was the cause of Ariel's depression and self confidence problems! "Still, you should have said something! I can't imagine what you went through, but you really should've told me."
"I was scared," said Ariel, lowering her eyes to the floor.
"Scared? Scared of Jennifer?"
"No, I was scared that if I told you everything, absolutely everything, you might not believe me or...or you might reject me and stay with her." That was it, everything. Ariel had held on to these secrets for so long and now she didn't have to, now it was time to face the music, she would either be rejected or accepted. Truthfully, she had no idea which way it would go.
"I wouldneverhave rejected you," Kelly said it firmly so there were no mistakes. "Never. And I'm not going to reject you now." Kelly moved up and sat next to Ariel who still couldn't look away from the floor. She put a finger beneath Ariel's chin and gently raised it until they were face to face.
"Never," Kelly repeated as they looked into each other's eyes. Ariel's heart pounded inside her chest because, finally, it was going to happen! She had imagined this momentthousandsof times and now her fantasy was being realized. Kelly didn't make her wait any longer; she leaned towards her best friend and kissed her sweet lips. Kelly's heart was pounding as much as Ariel's, last night she had watched Bianca and Amy kiss and felt envious of them, two sisters falling in love after years of being close to each other. This, Kelly thought, was the equivalent to their incestuous affair and, with this in mind, she pulled Ariel closer.
Their kissing embrace was full of emotion and passion, and tears flowed from both girls as they held each other. Kelly realized that it was this kind of moment that she had waited for, she had waited for month after month for Jennifer to hold her with this kind of love and affection rather than just raw lust but, obviously, it never happened. Of course it hadn't escaped the attention of either of them that Kelly had nothing on beneath her bathrobe and Ariel was showing off a fair amount of her legs. For now though, the girls just enjoyed the closeness that they were sharing, their gentle embrace and soft kissing was more than enough to keep them occupied.
They parted after a few minutes, although their lips no longer kissed they remained close, and Kelly gently stroked Ariel's face with the palm of her hand.
"I sure wasn't expecting this half an hour ago," said Kelly with a smile.
"Neither was I, but I hoped," Ariel admitted. She smiled at Kelly as another tear rolled down her cheek, this time Kelly wiped it away.
"I love you," Kelly whispered. These three little words caused Ariel to inhale sharply, even after months of fantasies and daydreams about hearing Kelly say these words to her, she was still unprepared for the wave that hit her when she did.
"I love you too," Ariel responded after getting her breath back.
They kissed and cried, embraced and stroked, never frantic and never rushed, they made the moment last as long as possible.
"Ariel I want to..." Kelly's voice trailed off, suddenly she felt embarrassed.
"What?" Ariel asked.
"I...I mean, will you let me make love to you?" Kelly felt foolish but it seemed right to ask rather than demand.
"Oh," Ariel's heart skipped several beats and she was suddenly excited and extremely nervous, she'd never actually made love to a woman before, just fantasized a lot. "I want to; it's just that I don't want to disappoint you."
"Oh Ariel, you couldn't disappoint me, even if you tried. Have you been with a girl before?" Kelly asked.
"No," said Ariel. "I only ever thought of being with you, I found other girls attractive and had a few fantasies but, I thought that being with another girl would be like giving up on you!" Kelly's heart fluttered at Ariel's admission, it was thrilling to hear she was desired in such a powerful way by someone so close to her.
"Did you fantasize about me much?" Kelly asked playfully.
"Lots," Ariel admitted. "I fantasized about this mostly, being close together and kissing."
"Did you ever...y'know...get yourselfoffwhen you thought about me?" Kelly couldn't resist asking.
"Of course, you're hot!" Ariel replied with a big smile. Her smile changed her whole face; it made her even more beautiful than before and lit up her eyes.
"Well don't worry; I'll take good care of you," Kelly assured her. Again she planted her lips on Ariel's but this time their kiss was different. For the first time during their first 'lesbian encounter' Kelly slipped her tongue between Ariel's lips and into her mouth. Ariel accepted the probing tongue into her mouth, eager to taste the woman she had been fantasizing about for so long.
Even though both girls were about the same age, Ariel looked a few years younger than Kelly; her features were a little more youthful and she was shorter, as well as a little slimmer, than Kelly. Ariel ran her fingers through Kelly's damp hair and thought about all the things she'd be able to do now, she could touch her, hold her hand and kiss her lips, Ariel's heart raced as she thought of all the possibilities. She would even be able to see Kellynaked! Ariel had seen her naked before a couple of times; like when she spied on her having a shower once, but now Kelly's whole body was her playground! Ariel was getting more and more aroused, her most intimate area moistened and her nipples stood erect, she had longed for Kelly's touch for so long and soon, very soon, her wait would be over. As if she had read Ariel's mind, Kelly put her hand on her bare knee and gently stroked her soft skin.
Kelly leaned back and withdrew her tongue from her mouth and, without saying a word, she moved her head to the side and gently kissed Ariel's neck, making the sweet girl shiver and quietly moan under her breath. Ariel had never experienced this kind of tenderness before, like Kelly she had wanted to be touched and kissed in this way many times but often her needs came second to those of her partner, now she knew it had been worth the wait.
"Sure you want to do this? I won't be upset if you'd rather just talk or whatever you want," Kelly asked.
"I want you," said Ariel, "I don't want to stop now."
Smiling, Kelly took hold of Ariel's trembling hands and got to her feet, pulling Ariel up with her. They walked hand in hand up the stairs and into Kelly's bedroom, the reality of what they were about to do really hit Ariel as they approached the bed, this was it! She was really going to do this, to have sex with a woman, her best friend who she'd loved and lusted for, would this ruin their friendship? Or would this cement a new relationship? Were they an 'item' now, or was this just a one night stand or worse; was this going to be the biggest mistake she ever made? Or the most amazing thing she'd ever ...
"Ariel? Are you ok?" Kelly's voice snapped Ariel out of her trance.
"Oh, yeah I'm ok, sorry, my mind ran away with me for a moment," Ariel admitted, still a little shaky. Kelly took hold of Ariel's hands again and led her forward towards the bed. Now standing between Ariel and the bed, Kelly lifted her shaky hands to her lips and kissed along her knuckles and fingers.
"I'm going to take care of you, you don't have to worry about a thing, you can trust me, I love you," Kelly's assurances reminded her of last night, when Bianca had said the same kind of thing to her. Before she was blindfolded, handcuffed and screwed with a huge dildo. As she looked into Ariel's worried eyes and held her hands to her lips, Kelly felt somehow responsible for all of her pain. Of course there was no way she could've known what Jennifer had done, and while Jennifer happily fucked her in her bedroom, poor Ariel was on her bed with her hands over her ears and tears in her eyes. How on earth had she coped? To fall in love with someone and then have them taken away from you and to see themflauntedby some awful person, Kelly could see that torture in Ariel's eyes tonight. But this was a new chapter, a fresh start, and when Kelly told Ariel that she would look after her she hadn't meant just for tonight, she meant for every single minute of every day, starting now.
"Ok," said Ariel. "I trust you." Kelly released her hands and combed her fingers through Ariel's and pressed her lips against her forehead. Then, stepping back, Kelly sat down on the bed and rolled over to the other side, her robe fell open to reveal a large part of Kelly's left breast, she didn't bother to cover it up again, instead she winked at Ariel and patted the bed.
Ariel looked at the beautiful blonde for a moment, her damp hair was brushed back but a few strands hung over her face, she was lying on her left side and resting her weight on her elbow. She looked over the rest of her body for a moment, the smooth skin of her chest and...her breast! Her breast was out in full sight! Having been friends for so long she resisted the urge to point, laugh and tell her to cover up before she catches a cold. Instead she just examined the curve of her breast, her nipple was erect and having witnessed this, her own nipples were standing to attention! Kelly was smiling up at her and patting the bed, she looked so seductive that Ariel could've happily dropped her shorts and masturbated her way to orgasm. Slowly, tentatively, Ariel put her knee onto the bed and crawled onto the sheets, stretching her body out in much the same way as Kelly she laid on her right side and looked at her face, suddenly quite ashamed of ogling her best friend.
Kelly shuffled forward, closing the gap between them until they were within kissing range. After a brief kiss, Kelly moved back and urged Ariel to get in the middle of the bed with her head resting comfortably on a fluffy pink pillow. From her position, Ariel could no longer look down at Kelly's body; she would have to wait for a while until her next opportunity to ogle her presented itself which, no doubt, it would.
With Ariel on her back Kelly considered lying above her, but she wanted to take things nice and slow, for once in her life Kelly was actually an active participant and not just a fuck puppet in the background. She ran her right palm over Ariel's thin stomach; she was still wearing that rather unflattering t-shirt that was a few sizes too big, but she found the hemline and slowly lifted the t-shirt up, she raised it up as far as her breasts but didn't uncover them just yet, instead she leant down and kissed her shapely torso.
Ariel wanted to giggle when she felt Kelly's soft lips on her stomach, even more so when she felt her warm tongue in her navel, this all felt so new and exciting. If someone had told her that being kissed on your stomach could make you feel horny she would've laughed so hard! All she could see was the top of Kelly's head while she kissed her down there; she felt the lips move to her lower stomach, just above the waistband of her shorts! Breathing heavily now, Ariel was expecting her shorts to be pulled down, revealing her barely used pussy! No one had ever 'gone down' on her before; when she'd had sex with her boyfriend he never got his facethatclose and the thought of being closely observed down there was equally as terrifying as it was thrilling. However, Kelly had other ideas; she kissed and licked her way from the waistband of her shorts up towards her breasts. When she got to where the t-shirt had been bunched up around Ariel's breasts, Kelly slipped her hand inside and smiled when she realized that Ariel wasn't wearing a bra!
Ariel had been enjoying Kelly's kisses, it was so gloriously erotic to have someone treat her so delicately, and every kiss and caress was sent a tingle through her body. When she felt Kelly's hand slip beneath her t-shirt she thought she was prepared for what was going to happen.
"Mmmmmm," Ariel couldn't help it, her breast was being touched by a beautiful girl, a girl she loved, and the feeling of her hand on her breast was so amazing that she just had to vocalize her pleasure. Instantly embarrassed, Ariel looked down at Kelly, hoping she hadn't heard the soft moan that escaped her.
Looking up at Ariel, Kelly could see she was embarrassed, colour had rushed to her cheeks and she even looked a little worried.
"It's ok," said Kelly in a soft tone. "Don't worry; you should hear me when I get going!" Ariel smiled and instantly felt relieved, she could moan as much as she liked, it was all ok...
Kelly put her right leg over Ariel's body and lowered her rear onto her pelvis; most of her weight was on her knees so Ariel wasn't squashed beneath her. As she looked down at her sweet lover, Kelly decided to have a little fun. Ariel couldn't take her eyes off the beautiful girl who straddled her, and she stared even more intently when Kelly began untying the cord that held her bathrobe together.
Kelly made a show of removing her robe; she ran her finger down the exposed skin in between her breasts, down further to her stomach and finally to the cord itself. She slid the cord apart and opened the robe a little further, Ariel watched as more skin became visible, she was still on her back with her head on the pillow so she couldn't see anything below Kelly's stomach. Finally, with a shake of her shoulders, the robe fell away; she gathered it up and tossed it across the room. Ariel took a deep breath as Kelly revealed herself, her flat stomach and gorgeous breasts, Kelly didn't give her too much time to stare, instead she fell forward and planted a wet kiss on Ariel's quivering lips. As she descended onto her new lover's body, Kelly slipped her hands beneath the t-shirt again, this time she held and massaged both of the little mounds of flesh. Ariel wanted to scream with pleasure but only managed a few muffled sighs beneath Kelly's firm lips and invading tongue.
Kelly's naked body, slim and sexy, pressed down on Ariel, she wasn't a heavy person but she had enough weight to make Ariel feel pinned down. In a way; the closeness of their bodies made her feel secure. When she'd had sex with her ex boyfriend, Ariel had found herself in this position, his body pushing down on her petite frame while fondling her tits, she had felt trapped and, at times, worried. There was no way she'd be able to gather the strength need to push him away, some women may like that kind of domination but Ariel hated to be trapped my another person. This was different though; she completely trusted Kelly and knew that she would never hurt her, underneath her naked body she felt comfortable, safe and evenloved.
Kelly lifted herself away from Ariel's sweet lips, which no longer quivered, and returned to her sitting position. Reaching down, Kelly pulled Ariel up by her shoulders until her back was no longer touching the soft bed. She took hold of the baggy t-shirt by the hem and slowly raised it up. Ariel's heart throbbed again as Kelly lifted her t-shirt up, she was about to be topless in front of another woman! Somehow, the thought of actually being naked with Kelly hadn't occurred to her and now that realization swept through her. Despite her obvious nerves she raised her arms above her head and allowed her t-shirt to be pulled up, over her breasts and then 'oh god', she thought to herself, 'my shirt's gone! She can see my breasts!' Instinctively, Ariel lowered her arms and crossed them across her chest, her cheeks burned with embarrassment.
"Hey," Kelly said softly. "What's wrong?"
"N...Nothing, it's just...y'know, I'm not used to getting my tits out in front of girls, I mean...in front of women, feels a bit weird," Ariel babbled, talking so fast that Kelly had to replay the sentence in her head to make sense of it.
"Shhhhh, honey it's ok to be nervous," Kelly spoke in her soft voice again. She put her hands on Ariel's cheeks and looked into her eyes. "Listen, we love each other, don't we?" Ariel nodded, "and we both want to make love, to show how much we mean to each other," another nod, "I want you for more than tonight, I want to bewithyou from this moment on...is that what you want as well?"
"Yes! Of course, that's exactly what I want!" Ariel beamed her amazing smile and, briefly forgetting her topless-ness she uncrossed her arms and threw them around Kelly. "I've wanted to hear that for so long! I won't be embarrassed anymore; I'm going to be theperfectgirlfriend!" For the first time that evening it was Ariel who instigated their kiss. Now it was settled, they were partners and lovers and now they could 'seal the deal.'
Kelly put her hands on Ariel's shoulders and guided her back down to the pillow; she was smiling in that special way that made Kelly want to melt in her arms. With her finger tip she traced a line down Ariel's body; from her throat to the soft skin between her breast and down to the waist band of those little sexy shorts. Before venturing further south, Kelly wanted to concentrate on her new girlfriend's beautiful chest; she had to shuffle down Ariel's body to be able to bend down to taste those sweet nipples. She positioned herself over Ariel's thigh and lowered herself until she felt the soft and firm skin between her legs, her moist pussy touched down on Ariel's thigh, instantly sending a thrill right through Kelly's body, she contemplated rubbing herself along Ariel's leg to get herself off but, she decided, that would be selfish (the kind of thing Jennifer would do.) Instead, she simply rested herself on Ariel's thigh and bowed her head towards the topless girl beneath her.
"Ohhhhh, wow, jeeeez," that was Ariel's reaction when Kelly closed her lips over her erect and extremely sensitive nipple. Never in her life had she had her tits sucked and now she knew what she'd been missing!
"Mmmmmm, that's so good, I love it!" Ariel was managing whole sentences now and her encouragement made Kelly smile as she worked on her cute breasts. She opened her mouth and covered as much of the breast as she could and gently flicked her tongue over the erect nipple. She knew from experience that having someone go over the top with the sucking and licking at 90 miles an hour was neither erotic nor sexy! It's a delicate place and should be treated properly, each time her hot tongue circled around the erect bud; she felt Ariel's body quiver and shake, usually with some muffle moans and sighs. While she expertly stimulated Ariel's breast, Kelly's left hand found its way to the other sexy mound of flesh, taking the nipple between her thumb and forefinger she delicately stroked it, and then she swapped sides and gave Ariel's other breast the same treatment as she had given its twin.
Ariel's lips were open and her mouth was dry, she'd closed her eyes when she felt Kelly's lips on her breast, she tried to stifle her natural reactions but didn't have much success, every lick, every kiss, every touch and every sweet caress brought the young woman to a level of arousal that, until now, she didn't knowexisted! Her body twitched by itself, her sighs of contentment were also involuntary; she was just a passenger now, her body knew what to do, as did Kelly, all she needed to do was lay back and enjoy herself!
Ariel's breathing became more ragged when Kelly slid further down the bed, her pussy grazed against her skinny leg until it reached her knee. Kelly released her grip on Ariel's breasts and kissed her way down her body, her soft, wet lips travelled down the girl's body, over her stomach and down further until the rough material of Ariel's little shorts halted her progress. This time, that barrier wouldnotstop Kelly's exploration, she hopped off of Ariel's knee and hooked her fingers into the waistband and gently began to pull them down. Ariel was wearing panties under the shorts but Kelly pulled at them too.
Ariel's heart pounded as she felt the last pieces of her clothing being removed, Kelly pulled at them so slowly and gently, as if she were opening a special gift which contained something fragile inside and removing the packaging too quickly might damage the contents.
Kelly had her lips close to the waistband, she'd pull at it to reveal a new piece of flesh and dutifully kiss and taste Ariel's sweet skin. Until, at last, the top of Ariel's slit was revealed. Kelly's heart leapt as more and more of her sweet vagina was uncovered, she'd made Ariel wait long enough so she firmly pulled the shorts, and panties, down over her cute rear and past her thighs and knees until, at last, Ariel was laid bare before her. Kelly's arousal and adrenaline did not allow her to waste time admiring the young woman before her; instead she ducked between her former best friend/new girlfriend's legs and brought her lips down to that sweet, hairless and inviting cunt.
As her shorts were being removed, Ariel was in a state of panic and excitement, embarrassment and exhilaration, lust and love, a whole host of emotions flooded into her until her mind became numb, the only thing she could focus on was the feeling of soft lips moving further and further down her body, then a brief pause before Kelly tugged them off entirely and tossed them aside. She suddenly opened her eyes and looked down at herself,naked!She was about to open her mouth and say something, anything, but the feeling of slightly damp hair on her thighs and the sight of the top of Kelly's head moving towards her private area and finally the feeling of warm breath on her sensitive lips robbed her of words. A moment later she found her voice as a warm tongue entered the folds of her pussy.
"Kelly! Oh god......what are you?....Mmmmmm," Ariel got no answer or explanation. The tongue was on the move, it glided up the length of her sweet lips, not dipping inside just yet.
"Mmmmmmmmmmmm! OOOhhhhhhh, that's so......god it's..., Kelly I..." Ariel's voice trailed off, she stopped looking at Kelly's bobbing head and threw herself back, her head hitting the pillow with a moderate amount of force. Her body was taking over again; her back arched up and her hands rubbed her torso before grasping hold of her breasts, adding her own stimulation to the experience.
"OOOOHHhhhhh! FUCK!!!"
Kelly loved listening to her lover's wild shouts of pleasure; every sound she made drove her forward. While running her fingers down Ariel's slit, Kelly slightly spread the moist lips to reveal the beautiful pink flesh inside...
"OOOhhhhh Mmmmmm!"
Opening her up a little wider revealed the entrance to Ariel's sweet little body, it looked tight and Kelly didn't want to force her fingers inside straight away, this was lovemaking after all and the thought of actuallyhurtingher was as painful to Kelly as it would be to Ariel. Kelly lined her fingertip up and gently pushed into the little hole...
"Jeeeezzzz, FUCK!!"
Her middle finger was inside the hole, up to her knuckle. Kelly withdrew it and lubricated her finger by putting it in her mouth, her first taste of Ariel's pussy, and not her last! This time her middle finger slid in more and, after a little pushing and pulling, Kelly got her whole finger in and was able to slowly finger fuck the little hole, as a bonus for her new lover, Kelly brushed her lips over Ariel's clitoris that was standing up straight and proud....
"OH GOD...Kelly, KEL..."
Kelly had pushed a second finger inside Ariel's body which cut off her voice for a moment, but, as Kelly gently inserted and withdrew, pushed and pulled...
"OH my GOD, I love...Kelly, MMMmmmmm."
From the amount of fluid that now coated Kelly's hand she realized that Ariel was close to her orgasm, her back arched more and she matched Kelly's thrusts by lifting her hips towards the invading digits. It was time to tip her over the edge, and Kelly knew exactly how to do it. She thrust her fingers as deep as they could go inside of Ariel's pussy, then, while still inside her, Kelly took Ariel's clitoris into her mouth, sucking and licking in much the same way as she treated her nipples. Thrashing her tongue over the little bud and opening her finger inside her body did exactly what Kelly intended. She shuddered as white hot spasms shot through her little body, Kelly didn't let up, as fluid gushed out of Ariel she still kept her lips on that most sensitive of areas...
"OOOhhhhh Kelly!!!! Mmmmmmm," Ariel cried out as the fiercest orgasm of her life tore through her body. Her pussy and especially her clitoris felt like they were burning hot! She shuddered and cried out more and more but her voice was fading, her mouth was open but no more sound came.
Kelly's free hand had found its way between her own legs, rubbing her increasingly moist lips faster and faster, her arousal grew with every sound and every movement Ariel made. Her tongue and right hand service her wonderful new lover while her left hand toyed with her own wetness, only women can multi task like this. Her fingers dipped inside herself; copying the rhythmic thrusting she used on Ariel. As her right hand tickled, teased and penetrated her young lover, so did her left hand on her own sensitive opening. Kelly opened her mouth but, like Ariel, the arousal and outright pleasure of the experience took her voice away. She felt her orgasm coming but this was different to the others, it was intense in a way she hadn't felt before, even in the restaurant with Jennifer and her exploits last night with the two sisters hadn't beenthispowerful! Maybe because this time she truly loved her partner, or more likely; she knew her partner truly loved her! She had given this wonderful experience to Ariel, she alone had made the girl she loved climax and, with the help of her own fingers inside herself, it had been enough to send her pleasure further than ever. Kelly's head lolled to the side and rested on Ariel's thigh, the fluid on her left hand and the fatigue in her body confirmed that she was spent, her whole body throbbed with energy and excitement, and at last she no longer felt like an inexperienced little girl, now she truly feltpartof someone's life, she felt like shematteredto someone.
Ariel's muscles tensed and finally, with a huge sigh and massive sexual release, they relaxed which allowed yet more of her juices to spill out of her body. Kelly's own climax had subsided and now she kneeled on the bed and watched the last of the orgasmic energy filter out of her lover's body. Ariel opened her eyes and saw Kelly watching her; with that special smile she opened her arms towards her girlfriend. Kelly didn't need a second invitation; she fell into Ariel's outstretched arms and embraced her. There was no need for words now; their love for each other was beyond anything either of them had felt before. They hugged and kissed, neither of them wanted to let go, this moment in their lives needed to be cherished for as long as possible.
"I love you," Kelly whispered.
"I love you too," Ariel replied.
Neither of the girls could stop smiling, they rested, slept and lived, happily ever....
"Ready to go again? I'm still horny!"
The End.



(I hope you enjoyed the story, comments, feedback and votes are appreciated so please, if you liked it, be kind...)

P.J