We had no more appointments booked and, if this month were to follow the pattern of the previous two, I wouldn't see Victoria and His Lordship for another few weeks. With some clients I would probably make contact with them if I hadn't heard anything for a few days, but I knew with these two that they'd be in touch when they wanted me. And after last night, I very much hoped they wanted me. I was certain that Victoria did at least.
Nearly three weeks passed and still I heard nothing. An offer to work at a party near Edinburgh came up and I couldn't turn it down, especially since the client was another semi-regular. The parties he hosted weren't exactly sex parties, but there was usually me and another escort invited along as part of a mixed group, and if we added some spice to the occasion then so be it. There was no attempt to pass us off as anything but hired girls and so we were expected to be risqué, as long as the guests appeared comfortable with it. At the last party I think we'd both ended up in only our underwear and stockings. Or at least, I think I kept my underwear: the host is rather more insistent that we join in with the alcohol consumption than most and, since I don't need to be on my guard with that group, it makes it an easy decision to go along with his suggestions.
This time I believe I'll be working alone, though, as he'd asked me if there was anyone I could suggest to work alongside me. I came up blank and I hadn't heard anything that led me to believe that he'd found a replacement for the previous girl, although I had no idea why she wasn't going to be there again. Maybe she had insisted on keeping her underwear? I genuinely couldn't remember.
But, of course, no sooner had I accepted the offer than my phone buzzed on the table and a text message from Victoria arrived.
"In Somerset," it said, "Can you come tomorrow?"
I rolled my eyes: why did she have to wait until the last minute? I ran the logistics through my head: drive down to Somerset tomorrow morning, one night there, back to London, then the train to Edinburgh the next. It was going to be busy, but I could keep everyone happy as long as the trains didn't let me down. But Victoria would be out of luck if she expected to monopolise my time for the next four days as she usually did.
"Sounds great!" I replied, "Send me the details."
Victoria knew what to send: a hotel address was all I'd need. She would already have everything booked and ready for me on the assumption that I would accept.
"Somerset" turned out to be "Bristol", and the city name is I think how anybody except the upper classes would refer to it. Instead of driving I decided to take the train and packed myself an overnight bag with a selection of dresses and matching underwear. I had no idea what kind of social situation they'd put me in so I had to be prepared for anything from a casual drink to a formal dinner.
Once I arrived in Bristol I took a taxi to the hotel, which was on the outskirts of the city. After I'd checked into my room and hung my clothes up I sent Victoria a message.
"I'm here. It's a lovely hotel! Thank you."
I had found that showing appreciation to my clients went a long way. Even if it was expected that they would pay for everything, they liked to hear gratitude.
The reply came quickly: "Great! Meet in the lobby at 6? I have a restaurant booked."
It was safe to assume that the restaurant would be pretty exclusive so I picked out a red cocktail dress with short sleeves and, since the weather wasn't quite as good as the past month, stockings beneath. It was almost a golden rule in the escort business that a girl wears stockings, not tights... Lingerie instead of underwear... panties instead of knickers... you get the idea. I always double-checked that the stockings weren't obvious from a casual glance, though, and most of my dresses were chosen to be just about long enough, but still short enough that I could let the client catch a glimpse if I wanted to. Although I had a couple of very short skirts for when I had a client who liked to see that kind of thing, and liked that other people saw that kind of thing too.
The dress was one of my least revealing, but it fitted my slim figure exceptionally well, and stockings always helped to make an outfit feel sexy. I slipped on a pair of tall, black heels and made my way down to reception at ten minutes to six. I wanted to make sure that I didn't keep Victoria waiting as she was usually very punctual.
At a minute to six I heard footsteps coming down the staircase and Victoria walked down, taking each step carefully and deliberately as if making a grand entrance. She wore a light blue wrap skirt and matching jacket with a white blouse that was buttoned up to the collar. The skirt came just below the knee and, although the evening was still warm enough for bare legs, the ever-shy Victoria wore tights beneath. Or at least I presumed she wasn't wearing stockings; I doubted she even owned a pair. On her feet she wore tall white high heels, although not as high as the ones I had chosen for her the last time we had met. In fact, it was one of the most conservative outfits I had seen her in.
She looked more like she was going to a wedding than out for a night on the town. What a change this was from the last time I had seen her, standing in her husband's arms in only a pair of high heels, and I wondered if she had taken a step backwards in the intervening three weeks. Nonetheless, I grinned at her and was ready with the compliments.
"Wow! You look amazing!" I told her. "I'm going to be well and truly outshone tonight." She grinned at the compliment. "Is Mr– on his way down as well?"
"Oh!" she said, "I thought we'd told you. He's had to go away on business."
Ah, I thought, that changes things. I was certain that she hadn't mentioned any such thing. I felt that there was some scheming going on in Victoria's mind.
"Still," she said, as if she was making the best of it, "we can enjoy a night out together. Just us girls."
I smiled: in truth, it didn't matter who was here and who wasn't. I was being paid for a job and I was going to do it. But it was amusing that Victoria thought she had "trick" me into being alone with her when every single minute of our time together was because she was paying me for it.
"We can indeed," I said with a smile. Victoria and George may have been my first (and still only) married couple that I had accompanied as a professional escort, but she certainly wasn't my first girl-only night out. "What do you have planned for us?"
Her eyes sparkled at the open-ended question. "I've booked the restaurant," she said, "But they have a bar so if we turn up a little early we can have a drink. Sound good?"
"Sounds perfect," I said with the most enthusiasm I could gather.
The reception called a taxi to take us to the restaurant and, as I suspected, it was a very exclusive establishment. We took a seat at the bar and the waiter mixed our cocktails. I had a Margarita and Victoria ordered a Negroni.
"You liked the Negroni, then?" I asked, referring to the drink I had introduced to the couple only a few weeks before.
"I did indeed," she said, "Although this one isn't as good as yours." Her eyes sparkled again and she looked me up and down. I realised that in Victoria's mind she was flirting with me.
"It tastes okay," she continued, "But I liked the way the other one was served better."
I giggled, as was expected of me. I wasn't in the least bit embarrassed by what had happened, and I was sure it wouldn't be the last time that I'd become a naked cocktail waitress.
I try not to drink too much when I'm working, but when you have a large cocktail in front of you it's quite hard not to drink it without appearing rude. And it was better to be a tiny bit inebriated than to appear rude to a client. By the time our table was ready Victoria was on her second Negroni while I had just finished my first Margarita.
We were led through the restaurant to a quiet area at the back and sat at a table inside a semi-private booth. There we talked as we worked our way through seven very small but perfectly crafted courses. It always amazes me that such food can make one feel full when the quantities appear miniscule.
The bottle of white wine we had started with was almost finished, which was mostly down to Victoria's consumption, I might add, and I was starting to wonder what else she intended for us that evening. She was the client, and a very good one at that, so there wasn't much that I would refuse, but her relationship with her husband was on my mind.
Victoria looked suddenly thoughtful.
"Do you enjoy your work, Camilla?"
I smiled. "I do, most of the time," I replied. But I had to say that to a client, didn't I? It was mostly true, though. "Obviously sometimes I enjoy it more than other times," I added, hoping that the hint that she was a "special" client wouldn't pass her by.
"You're very good at it," she said. I wasn't sure how exactly she could know, since she'd seen such a small part of my world; unless they'd tried escorts before, of course, although their nervousness made me think probably not.
"Thank you," I said in reply. "Girls who aren't good at it... tend not to last long." She grinned.
"And are most of your clients men?" she asked with an interrogative look. It was strange that she was suddenly so interested in what I did.
"Mostly," I said, not wanting her to feel uncomfortable with the truth that, at the moment, all of my other clients were men. I had had female clients in the past, very rarely, but just none right now. Except for Victoria.
"But what does your boyfriend think of it all," she asked. It wasn't a surprising question from a client, but it was a surprising question from Victoria.
"I don't have a boyfriend," I said with a smile. Sometimes, if it was a client I knew I would never agree to sleep with, I would lie and say that I did. But so few men wanted to know me for who I was rather than how I looked, and those few that did were put off when they found out what I had to do for my work, that I had just given up on it for now. Many would claim they'd be fine with it, but they were usually exactly the wrong type of men in the first place. It was an impossible situation.
"Girlfriend?" she asked, suddenly looking embarrassed about the questioning. I shook my head.
"No-one," I said, "It's easier not to." I think she understood as much as she could.
She paused for a second and I could tell there was more to come. I took a sip from my wine glass. "Do you think I could do it?" she asked.
I nearly spat my wine across the table at the question.
"You want to be my girlfriend?"
She giggled and turned a bright shade of red.
"No, silly... do your job."
"Become an es-... do what I do?" I asked incredulously.
"Yes!" she said, "Don't you think I could?" She seemed indignant. It was odd, this wealthy woman of position and breeding who needed for nothing, yet she was wondering if she had the skills necessary to become what many people viewed as prostitution.
"Well," I said, not wanting to get on her bad side, "You've certainly got the looks for it... and the conversation skills. And I know a lot of men who would love the idea of someone so... refined... lavishing attention on them." I paused and winked at her. "Posh totty," I ventured and she laughed.
"I'm 'posh totty', am I?" she asked. I nodded and laughed too.
"Without equal," I said, and I meant it: if ever there was going to be a poster girl for the beautiful, well-bred upper class woman, then Victoria would be it.
"But?" she probed.
"But," I said, "There are a lot of compromises." She waited for me to continue. "You may not like your client, but you can never show it. You can never let your guard down or relax and show how you really feel."
"Don't you relax around me?" she asked, offended again.
"Some clients... people are different," I said and I put my hand on hers to reassure her, knowing that she responded well to touch. Even when I was being honest I had to calculate the impact of my words and actions; I couldn't see how she could understand the need to act like that.
"It would be fun to be able to give it a try," she said. A few of the women who knew what I did had said the same, but I don't think they really knew what they were saying. The fantasy might sound fun, but the reality was very different.
"Well," I said, "If ever someone calls me up and I can't make it I'll be sure to pass them on."
We both giggled because the very idea of Victoria as an escort was preposterous. But I hoped the joke was a good way to close the matter. It seemed to work.
"Oh," she said, moving on to a new subject, "I wondered if you would like to come on a boat trip with me tomorrow?"
As always, the question wasn't really "would I like to come" but "I want you to come". I wasn't free to suggest an alternative, but then I remembered I had yet to break the bad news.
"Ah," I said, "There's a bit of a problem... I have another appointment." I couldn't think of how else to phrase it. I wanted her to know that I really couldn't get out of it; that I would cancel anything if I could. If it was a personal engagement I would have dropped it, as I had in the past, which was probably why I had so few personal engagements nowadays: nobody thought it worth inviting me.
"Oh," she mouthed, "Another client?"
I nodded. "The night after tomorrow, up in Edinburgh."
"Anything you can tell me about?" she probed again.
I shook my head. "Not really," I said, "But it's nobody you know, I don't think." She seemed relieved at that, as if sharing me with strangers was somehow better than sharing me with friends. "It's a party and I provide some of the... entertainment."
I felt uncomfortable being so explicit with a client, but I felt that if she saw that it wasn't personal then she may be able to dismiss it. Some clients hate the idea of sharing me with anyone, preferring to think that the relationship I have with them is the only one that matters to me.
"Oh well," she said and I took another sip of wine. She was lost in thought for a second. "Can I come with you?" she asked.
For the second time in five minutes I nearly spat my wine across the table.
"Victoria!" I said, far too informally.
"What!" I had an inkling that she actually meant it as a serious question. "I said it might be fun and... well, I'm not doing anything else, and if you're there to look after me... and your client gets two sparkling conversationalists for the price of one." She tried to look coy. "And more 'posh totty' around."
I rolled my eyes: she really did think it was all conversation and charm, that you just had to "be yourself" and it would all be fine? I couldn't imagine what it would be like having to babysit her for the evening whilst trying to work. In fact, I could see it being such a disaster that I would lose the client and a night's pay at the same time.
"I'm sorry," I said, "But I really can't. Trust me: you wouldn't like it."
"You can't know that," she said argumentatively, "I can flirt with the best of them when I have to. How do you think I got my husband in the first place?" I had wondered that, given that she didn't seem particularly attracted to him, or even to men in general. "Why don't you ask your client? No names, of course."
"Of course," I said. I know what my client would say: he'd say "bring her". He'd wanted two girls anyway and he'd be over the moon when he saw Victoria, but maybe not so enthused when she said "no" to some of his more.... idiosyncratic requests. I shook my head.
"Give me one good reason why you don't think I could do it," Victoria asked.
I thought for a second. "Because you need to be able to follow instructions," I told her truthfully, "Often, to do things that you find distasteful. And you have to pretend to enjoy it."
She bristled as what I said sunk in. "Is this so distasteful?" she asked, looking around at the restaurant surroundings.
I smiled to placate her. "Not like this," I said softly, "But not all clients are like you." I realised I had just committed an error I'd promised myself I'd never make: I'd called her a client. Luckily, she ignored it.
"Like what kinds of things?" I asked.
"Like..." What had I done at the last party for this client? "Like stand on a table in the middle of the room and strip naked." I said. Had I actually stripped naked? Again: I really couldn't remember.
She looked shocked. "You did that?" she asked. I nodded, sure that I probably had; if not at this party then at one of them.
"You see?" I said. She'd made my point for me.
"But maybe I could do that, if the money was right," she joked with a wink. I laughed at the thought of Victoria needing the money.
"Maybe you could," I said, "But I'd hope not."
"Take me along and perhaps you'll see a different side to me, eh?" She wasn't giving this up, but I had an idea.
"Okay," I said, "I have an idea: for the next hour, I'm the client and you're me. If you can last an hour... I'll think about it."
"You'll think about it? That's not much of a promise."
"Take it or leave it."
"Okay, mistress." She rested her chin in her hands and stared into my eyes. "What does my mistress command me to do?"
I rolled my eyes but laughed at the same time, also feeling a little flattered at the sudden attention. It wasn't that I'd not believed Victoria when she said she could flirt, but the sudden change was surprising. And as I'd said: she certainly had the looks, and the charm, for the job, but there was more to it than that. I wanted to tell her that just because she had finally had sex with her husband in the drawing room rather than the bedroom that it didn't exactly mean she was ready to be an escort.
"And when have I ever called you 'mistress' or asked you what you wanted me to do?" I said. Being an escort was as much about anticipating what the client wanted as being prepared to do it.
"You're right!" she said and sat upright in the seat as if in shock, "I want my money back!"
I laughed: this was another side to Victoria that I hadn't seen before.
"Well, seriously," she said, "Give me some tips."
"Okay," I said, "The trick is to give the client what they want before they even know themselves what they want."
"Sure," she said confidently, "I can do that."
"Can you?" I questioned, "What do you think I want?"
"I don't kn-" She stopped herself before she finished the sentence. "Sex later?" She giggled, but this time I didn't join in.
"It's not just about sex," I said. Although I wanted her to keep in mind that it often was about sex by the end of the night. "Or rather, it's not just about having sex. It's about the idea of having sex, and having that idea hanging there for a whole evening."
Victoria mouthed a silient "oh". I glanced down at her outfit and her eyes followed mine.
"And my outfit isn't exactly... sexy, is it?" she said. I shook my head. It was very pretty, but far from sexy.
"Well," she said and, with a look around the room (which was pointless because nobody could see into our little booth) she began to unbutton the top of her blouse. She unfastened three of the buttons and I caught the smallest hint of cleavage. It was nothing that a client would get excited about, but it gave me an idea.
"Shall I tell you a secret," I said, and I leant forwards into the table as if I was sharing something that I didn't want anyone to overhear. Victoria leant forwards and nodded.
"I've always had this fantasy," I said, "That I was having dinner with someone, and they were very smartly dressed." Victoria nodded enthusiastically. "But they let slip during the meal that..." It was my turn to look around theatrically. I leant forward a little more and lowered my voice again. Victoria was on tenterhooks. "...That beneath their smart clothes, they weren't wearing anything at all!"
I sat back and smiled, thinking that this was going to be an easy opportunity for Victoria to fail as a make-believe escort. She looked to one side as if in thought, and then she mouthed an "oh" at me. I nodded: yes, you understand me correctly.
"Just a second," she said, "I need to take a trip to the bathroom."
She stood, picked up her bag, and walked towards the ladies bathroom. Alone, I snorted in disbelief, and then convinced myself that she hadn't really understood what I meant at all. Or if she had, she'd have second thoughts while she was in there.
A few minutes later I heard her return and I looked around ready to be dismissive of her efforts.
My mouth fell open as I saw from her bare calves that she was no longer wearing her tights. My eyes scanned her skirt, her jacket and, yes, there was a large triangle of bare skin formed by the collar where before there had been a white blouse. Had she actually taken her blouse off? I craned my neck to try and see more, to see if she really had removed it or had just unbuttoned it a little more and parted it beneath the jacket.
"It was getting a little hot in here," she said as she sat down, and she flapped at her jacket collar as if for air. But in reality it was to show a flash of bare skin. And my mouth fell open again as I realised she was no longer wearing her bra either. And I have to admit that I suddenly felt a little turned on by the tease.
Her sense of satisfaction at having surprised me was overwhelming.
"Can I let you in on a secret?" Victoria said quietly as she leant towards me. She put her elbows on the table and her jacket crumpled up around her, exposing even more of her breast. I leant forwards to mirror her body language and I know she saw as I glanced down at her chest. "I'm not wearing any underwear," she whispered.
She giggled. I picked up my glass and raised it to her as if in a toast: she had genuinely surprised me.
"None at all?" I asked. She shook her head. I hadn't expected that, but I wasn't about to ask for proof by looking in her bag. I had no reason to doubt her now.
Still, although she had gone along with my little game, I wasn't going to give in to her idea of coming with me to Scotland.
The waiter appeared before us. I saw his eyes flash towards Victoria's chest, and then to a spot a few inches above her head. I doubt if he knew that anything had changed, but he was certainly wondering how he hadn't noticed my client's bare skin before. I felt somewhat disappointed that he paid me almost no attention at all.
"Would you like anything?" he asked, glancing at our near-empty bottle of wine.
I looked at my watch: I had told Victoria she had to last an hour, and that was only fifteen minutes ago. I had forty-five minutes to fill.
"Do you have any amaretto?" I said, and he turned to look at me.
"Yes, of course."
"Two amaretti then, please," I said. I wasn't even going to ask Victoria. This would give her a taste of what my world was like: at best the escort hat the illusion of choice, but often it was no choice at all.
"And could you order taxi for us?" I added. An idea had suddenly struck me. "For thirty minutes time?"
He looked at his watch. "Of course," he replied, "Two amaretti, and a taxi for ten thirty pm."
"Half an hour?" Victoria said and leant forwards again to rest her chin on her hand. And again, her jacket crumpled against the edge of the table. I couldn't resist glancing down, wondering if I had caught a half-sight of a nipple or not. She smiled knowingly at me and I wasn't sure I liked this reversal of roles.
"I thought we could leave sooner," she continued, "And I can get out of this jacket." She sat back, satisfied with herself at her flirting. "It rubs a little on my nipples."
"Why wait until we get back?" I said, and I stared at her, daring her to understand my meaning.
Her chest rose and her eyes went as wide as saucers. Just then the waiter returned and put our glasses onto the table. I thanked him and he left.
"Cheers," I said as I picked up my glass and held it towards Victoria, "Here's to a brief rendezvous." We tapped our glasses together. "It's a shame I have to leave tomorrow."
I knew she would follow my meaning: I had pushed her to something that she was not prepared to do, and I had shown her that my world was not as straightforward as she had believed.
She put her glass down, sat back against her chair and crossed her arms in a huff. I tried to soften the moment with a smile, not wanting to make a big deal out of her defeat: it was the best outcome for both of us, after all.
"I won't need to leave until later in the day," I said, "If you want to meet for brunch."
"So there's still time for me to get a train ticket, you mean?" Victoria said with a stern voice. And then the surreal evening became even more impossible as Victoria uncrossed her arms and, without saying another word, she unfastened the three buttons of her jacket. It fell open and I looked at the line of bare skin that ran from her beautiful, smooth neck down until the edge of the table concealed it. My mouth fell open again.
The waiter reappeared beside the table.
"The taxi-" he stopped mid-sentence as he stared at the gaping opening in Victoria's jacket. There really wasn't much on display, just the pale skin on the underside of one smooth breast, but just the thought that, if her jacket were to open perhaps another few inches... "The taxi will be here in twenty minutes," he continued, still looking at Victoria.
I nodded. "Thank you," I said by way of dismissal.
Victoria's eyes were burning a hole in mine and I was forced to avert my gaze.
I looked back as she leant forwards and, with a pull of first one sleeve and then the other, she shrugged her jacket down her arms and placed it on the chair beside her.
I stared incredulously at her perfect, bare breasts.
"You know," she said, "It might take me a while, at first." Her hands moved beneath the table? "But eventually I can work out what someone really wants."
Her hand re-emerged and I saw it was holding a fold of her blue wrap skirt. She unfurled it from across her thigh, lifted herself a fraction off of her seat and pulled at the fabric. She had been unfastening it out of sight and now she pulled it out from under her and draped it over the top of her jacket.
I couldn't believe what I was witnessing. It can't just have been the wine and the amaretto, but somehow I was sitting at a restaurant table with Victoria entirely nude save for the white stilettos on her feet (assuming she hadn't kicked those off already). The woman who usually blushed at the first mention of sex was sitting across from me naked and defiant.
"Can you buy my train ticket for me in the morning?" Victoria asked, suddenly in charge of the situation.
"I-" I mumbled, but then I looked at my watch. "I can," I said, "Although our deal was that I was in charge for one hour." She nodded. "There are still twenty-five minutes left." Twenty-five minutes to get her to back away from this stupid idea.
Victoria picked up her glass and took a sip. "Fine," she said, and sat back in her chair. Could she really last twenty five minutes sitting there naked?
I joined her by picking up my glass and sipping at my amaretto.
"I'm impressed," I admitted, "I'm genuinely impressed." And for once I was lost for words too.
She smiled and accepted the praise, but I still had one more surprise for her. It shouldn't really have been a surprise for her, not if she had been keeping track of time, but I guessed that, what with the alcohol, and being naked, she probably wasn't thinking all that clearly.
We sat quietly for a minute, nursing the remains of our strong liqueurs and making occasional eye contact. Victoria was squirming much less than I would have expected, but as she had more time to contemplate what she had just done – that she was sitting naked in a restaurant - I could tell she was becoming more uncomfortable the longer the silence lasted. Good.
I gave it another minute before I spoke: "The cab will be here in a couple of minutes."
She smiled in relief. "I had better get dressed, then."
I smiled back and gave a pointed look at my watch. "We said one hour," I told her, "That was fifty minutes ago."
"Oh, Camillia, don't be silly," she replied, "I don't think I have anything left to prove." She sat back in her chair with her arms folded across her breasts.
"A deal is a deal." I finished the last of my amaretto and Victoria's face began to glow. "It's one thing to be able to sit naked in a private booth, and quite another..."
As if by magic, the waiter made my point for me as he appeared from behind Victoria. He was about to speak when his eyes fell on her naked body and his chin fell to the floor. Victoria's palms pressed on her breasts to cover her nipples and her shoulders tensed. I smiled and kept my eyes on the waiter until he recovered his composure.
"Your, uh, taxi is outside," he finally said, still staring at Victoria.
"Thank you," I said, "Can I give you this to settle the bill?" I handed him my credit card, forcing him to look in my direction. The evening would all be charged back to Victoria, of course, but if I was pretending to be the client I thought I should also pretend that I was paying.
"Just a moment," he replied, and he left to find the card reader machine.
"This is silly, Camilla!" Victoria hissed across at me, "It's silly, and you can't make me to it."
"You're right," I said, and I stood from my seat, "It's up to you to decide just what you're prepared to go through with." The threat was clear: back out now and don't bother me with ideas of joining in with my professional life again.
Victoria scrunched her face up like a spoilt child and sat back in her chair and I walked over to where the waiter stood by the till. He would have brought the card machine to our table, but now I was leaving Victoria with a big decision to make: if she gave up now, then everything I had put her through would be for nothing. But the alternative...
"Is your friend..." the waiter began to ask. I have no idea how he was planning to finish that sentence and I doubt he did either.
"Oh, yes," I said casually, "It was just a hot flush. I think she's fine now." But at least you'll have a fun story to tell your friends, I thought.
I added a healthy tip onto the bill and tapped my number into the credit card machine. The waiter took it back and it whirred as it printed a pair of receipts. He handed me one of them and I tucked it into my purse.
Victoria should just be shuffling into her underwear by now. I glanced back at our booth and I could see her head moving. She was fidgeting in her seat, so that must be the underwear safely back on. Her clothes had all been tucked into her bag so they must take a bit of unravelling.
I turned back to the waiter and thanked him, as much to kill the time before Victoria emerged as anything. I looked back just as Victoria was leaving the booth, and you could have knocked me over with a feather: she walking across the restaurant completely, entirely, one-hundred percent naked; as long you don't count her white stilettos and the expensive bag slung over her shoulder. Her jacket was tucked through the handles of her bag and her clothes were overflowing the small bag.
The waiter stood motionless by my side and a hush fell over the restaurant. There were probably ten or twelve people left, all at various stages of dessert, coffee or liqueur, and every single one of them was staring at Victoria.
Her steps were unsteady and I guessed her head was spinning. I know mine was. Was this really Victoria walking towards me? Her long legs crossed carefully one in front of the other as she took slow, careful steps across the tiled floor. Victoria, who could trace her family line back to Queen Elizabeth, was naked in the middle of a provincial restaurant?
She stopped beside me. "Our cab will be waiting," she managed to say. Her eyes were barely focussing and I smirked as I looked her up and down.
"Indeed," I said to her, and then turned back to the waiter, "Thank you again for a very pleasant evening." He was like a rabbit in headlights.
"And thank you," he said, and then turned to Victoria, "Both of you." His eyes were intense as he tried to catch Victoria's attention, but she seemed oblivious to everything.
I put my hand in the small of her back and gave a slight push towards the door to set her in motion. Slowly we walked side-by-side. Her eyes were fixed on the exit, mine were looking around and lapping up the attention from our fellow diners. So, this was what it felt like? I had experienced it from the other side so I knew exactly what Victoria felt, but I liked it this way too.
I opened the restaurant door and Victoria stepped out into the street. As I followed her the cab driver looked around, did a double-take, and then leapt out of his car. It was purely to get a better look at Victoria who, bless her, wasn't about to step into a car without the driver opening the door for her.
There was a chill in the air and Victoria crossed her arms over her chest. I glanced up and down the street and heads began to turn.
"Cab for Camilla?" the driver asked Victoria.
I lifted my hand. "That's me," I said. Victoria stood on the kerbside by the car and the driver finally worked out why. He ran around the front of the car and opened the door.
Victoria had many years of practice of getting in and out of cars with her knees together lest any paparazzi try to capture an undignified photo, but I presume she had never done it naked before. Still, the principle was the same, and as she ducked her head the driver followed every movement of her body.
She slid across the back seat and I followed her into the car. Victoria sat motionless, her arms crossed beneath her breasts, and I saw the effect the cool evening air was having on her body from the goosebumps on her arms and her nipples that were pointing straight forwards.
I looked at my watch. "Time's up," I told Victoria. There were still a few minutes of the hour left, but I figured I'd give her time to dress before we reached the hotel.
Victoria remained still, staring out of the window, the night lights of Bristol painting colours on her face as the cab began to move. She had gotten what she had asked for, but had was it what she really wanted? The escort business may have its rewards, but it had a high price of admission and I wondered if Victoria had already seen enough. I had faith that the cold light of day would make her mind up for her.