One of the perks in my otherwise dull job is that twice a year I get to see dozens of the local high school boys in their underwear. Spring and fall is physical exam time and I work as a nurse practitioner for Dr. Richard P. Thornberry, a much beloved elderly doctor in our small town. Dr. Thornberry gives the boys their physical exams so they can be cleared for sports, just as he probably did for their fathers years before. As his nurse, I get to tell each boy to strip down to his shorts to be weighed and then watch as they slowly do a strip tease for me, though of course that's not how they would look at it. If you want to watch a boy lose his masculine bravado pretty quickly, order him to drop his pants. Its amazing how threatened they get.
I grew up in awe of these athletic boys when I was high school - I, the bookish girl with few dates, with constant crushes on the unattainable captain of the swim team. As a result, seeing these specimens of athletic boyhood parading before me twice a year is about as close as I've come to "having" one of these perfect boys. That is, until quite recently.
It was the middle of last winter when Dr. Thornberry, a bit more agitated than usual, said, "I'll have to cancel my appointments today," as he was needed at the hospital for some complications regarding a pregnancy he recently handled. I looked at the appointment book and said, "You only have one, a Mr. Truesdale."
"Oh yes," he said. "Bryan Trousdale. A sports physical."
"Now?" I said.
"Yes," he said. "Bryan has been home schooled, but now he wants to enroll in the local high school to play sports." He looked at his calendar. "You'll have to find a time to reschedule him."
I hated to let this unexpected opportunity pass, so I took a chance. "Doctor, if its just a routine physical, there is really no reason I can't handle it."
The good doctor pondered this for a moment. "That would be a help," he said. "Let me call his parents."
He went into his office for a few minutes and then came out and announced, "everything is set. I spoke to Bryan's mother and explained the situation. She actually seemed grateful that we could do the exam right away."
The gentle old doctor patted my arm and thanked me. "His parents are a bit ... well ... religious and old fashioned. He's never gone to a regular school - always been schooled at home. I doubt he's ever had a comprehensive physical examination," Dr. Thornberry said, "so I think you should be thorough."
About an hour later, when I saw this handsome 18-year-old boy peddle up to the clinic in his bike, I felt like thanking Dr. Thornberry.
Bryan entered the clinic and looked around cluelessly. "I'm looking for Dr. Thornberry."
Evidently, his mother hadn't told him about the change in plans.
I introduced myself. "I'm Alyson, Dr. Thornberry's nurse. The doctor was called away for an emergency, so I'll be doing your exam today."
He had no reaction to this.
"We've talked to your mom."
"OK," he said. His lack of reaction told me he had never been through a physical exam before. Teenaged boys usually resent getting a exam from someone of the opposite sex.
I led him into the examination room and told him to hang up his jacket. Under the jacket, he was wearing a T-shirt advertising a baseball team, jeans, white socks, and track shoes. Typical teenage guy clothes. I spent about 10 minutes chatting with him, putting him at ease. He seemed wary at first, a boy of few words, but loosened up a bit. His hair was brown-blonde, but his eyebrows were dark. He had blue eyes and a light complexion. His shoulders narrowed to about a 28 inch waist.
I started the exam by looking into his eyes and ears, down his throat, taking his pressure. He seemed uneasy being felt up, but was extremely compliant, clearly a boy who did exactly what he was told. He confirmed what I already suspected: that he had not been seen by a doctor since he was a small boy.
Time to push the envelope a bit. "OK, Bryan, I have to weigh you now, so strip down to your underwear."
He did a brief double take. "What, here?"
"Yes," I said without looking up. "I have to weigh you."
So I watched him very deliberately slip his T-shirt over his head, revealing his thin but developing upper body. Then he removed his shoes and socks, revealing clean soft feet with perfectly trimmed toenails. Then turning around modestly, he lowered his pants. When he turned back around he had on nothing but white briefs, undoubtedly bought by his mom.
I see a lot of teen boys in their underwear. Most look uncomfortable. Bryan looked almost in pain. Its funny what you notice when you have a nearly naked boy in front of you. He had a tiny piece of lint in his belly button. He had a couple of spots of acne on his back. He had a band aid on his slightly hairy ankle. Other than that, he was pretty perfect looking.
He was 5'9" and weighed 139 pounds. He had signs of hair on his lower legs and a little trail around his belly button. Again I labored to put him at ease as I tested his reflexes and palpated his stomach. Most of my questions were responded to with a quick "yes" or "no."
It was pretty obvious that Bryan was so deferential to authority that he would allow me to do whatever I wanted. I just needed to make sure I restrained myself, that I didn't go too far and raise flags. Fortunately, I had the mandate to make the exam "thorough."
"OK, Bryan, everything checks out so far."
He eased for a second, then I hit with the bomb.
"Now I'll need you take off your shorts."
He reddened at once. "Um...Miss..."
"Alyson."
"Yes, Alyson ... I mean ... do I have to?" Then probably thinking that sounded too childish, he tried, "Can we like work around that?"
I smiled. "It's a physical exam, honey. You have to be completely undressed, so I can examine you."
His head down, he said, "But its embarrassing."
"I know honey," I lied, "but I've seen a lot of boys naked. You're not the first."
Somehow this actually seemed to give him some comfort.
He stood there for a moment, took a breath, and then stepped out of his shorts. He stood before me totally naked, both hands held in front of him in an effort to preserve what little modesty he had left.
This is exactly how I wanted to see my hot young teenage athlete - naked and vulnerable, waiting for my orders.
"Let's take a look at your genitals."
His cheeks flushed, he put his hands down and gave me access to his boyhood. I fingered his balls and had him turn and cough. He was fine. I examined his cut teenage penis and pronounced it "well developed." It twitched and lengthened a bit as I examined it. As I was studying his dick I made it a point to ask him a series of embarrassing questions about his sex life (a virgin), his masturbatory habits (he never masturbates, well, maybe once in a while), and his bowel habits (he takes a shit every day).
I stepped back and scanned the naked boy in front of me. What a sight. I didn't want it to end.
"Bryan, I'll need to examine you rectally now."
"Rec- rectally?"
"Nothing to worry about honey," I said to the naked boy. "Just hop on the examining table and get on your knees."
Dutifully, he did as he was told and I had a very clean teenaged ass facing me as I put on my white gloves. His head was down in shame, hands on his elbows, ass in the air, penis and testicles hanging down. Oh to have a picture.
"Pretend like you're having a bowel movement," I said as I penetrated his hole. After penetration, I gave him a tissue to wipe his ass.
That part of the exam over, he turned very slowly to face me again, this time with his penis fully erect and curving upward. "I'm sorry," he said softly.
"For what, Bryan? Your erection?"
He closed his eyes, hearing the word and involuntary tried to cover it up.
"That's very normal," I said, "Most boys develop erections during exams. It's a natural reaction to the stimulation."
"Oh."
"At your age, you must get erections all the time, right?"
"Yes..how did you know?"
"Again, perfectly normal, Bryan. You're full of hormones."
"I thought there was something wrong with me," he said, "Cause I get them all the time, like every day."
"Just proves your penis is in good working order," I said, looking again at his beautiful erection, now profusely leaking with precum.
"Unfortunately, I'm going to need you to lose the erection soon." I produced a large beaker. "Your last assignment - I need a sample of your urine."
He took the beaker and looked around the room. "You mean, you want me to ... pee ... in front of you?"
"Yes, the rules make it clear that the urine sample has to be observed, you know because of drugs."
He looked helplessly around, but he understood the word "rules."
"I don't think I can," he said.
"Of course you can. Just relax."
His erection had subsided a bit, probably due to his anxiety - it was now pointed out instead of up, looking like a big pink missile ready to be launched.
Bryan stood there, holding the beaker under his diminishing erection. He had been put through so many indignities, what was one more? To be honest, if I thought I could get away with it, I'd make him take a dump in front of me too, why not? He'd look cute, squatting on the toilet, but that would be going too far.
Awkwardly, Bryan stood at attention, naked, his dick hanging down over the beaker which he held with one hand, the other arm hanging limply by his side. His eyes were closed, undoubtedly thinking of waterfalls and fountains. Once in a while he shot a glance at me, then looked down again.
"Its coming," he said softly.
First a dribble, then he relaxed and a stream of pee came, splashing loudly in the beaker. It was fascinating watching the pee stream coming out of this hot boy. He filled up a third of the beaker, then the pee stream lessened to a trickle. A couple of times he flexed his penis to get the last few spurts out, then shook the last drops off.
He handed me the beaker proudly.
I suppose you could say I took a bit of a risk - the examination was probably a bit more thorough than old doc Thornberry wanted. But I knew that Bryan would be too mortified to tell anyone about his experience.
I ran into Bryan and his mom last week at the food mart. I stopped to introduce myself to her, Bryan standing red-faced and embarrassed, knowing that his mom was chatting with a woman who knows exactly what he looks like - his penis, balls, asshole - and knowing about how he pisses and how often he masturbates. And I knew he knew.