I walked the guys in to the lounge, the click of my high heels echoing around the expansive room. Still holding the hard cocks, I looked over at James who was holding a digital camera.
Holding the two cocks, draped in my leather look Waspie and black seamed stockings, I definitely looked the archetypal slut.
"Look at these cocks James. They're going to pleasure me more than I've ever been pleasured!" I purred teasing and tormenting my husband.
"I'm going to be such a slut for these cocks that I will let them do anything they want to me!" I continued "How can I resist these perfect cocks? It will be awesome to get fucked by real men!" I taunted.
Dave cupped my breasts as he stood behind me. Bending me over he nudged his hard cock at the wet slit of my pussy. Squeezing my breasts, he slid his impressive weapon inside my tight wet pussy. I moaned sexually and panted.
"Oh fuck this cock is huge!"
Dave looked over at James and sniggered.
"Your slut wife loves the cock doesn't she?" He smiled, humiliating my husband with his alpha male abruptness.
Sliding his cock in and out of me I looked over at my husband all flushed and squirming.
"Face it James we're gonna come round and fuck this slut anytime we want!" Dave finished as I came, panting loudly as his cock pleasured me.
I could tell that James was thriving on Dave's hurtful and wounding words. The cuckold and voyeur tendencies of my husband were now very strong and it was incredibly erotic to watch my husband nod in agreement to Dave's taunting threat. The idea of these cocks coming round to fuck me whenever they felt like, was incredibly arousing to both myself and my husband.
"We might even kick you out of your marital bed when we come round to fuck this slut!" Mike chirped in, stepping up the torment a notch.
"You can probably lie on the floor, listening to your slut wife getting pumped full of another mans spunk!" Dave snarled aggressively.
I was squirming wildly on his cock, as he squeezed my tits sternly.
"Oh James he is fucking me much deeper and harder than you ever could!" I panted "Fuck me Dave! Fuck me!" I implored "Can I suck your cock please?" I smiled at Mike as he stepped forward with his proud erect cock in his hand, stroking the magnificent length majestically.
"I'll even let you suck it just after I've emptied my spunk in your ass!" He grinned "Then James can come and kiss you, tasting my spunk and your ass!"
I came instantly as he finished his debauched sentence. James was stroking his cock and audibly moaning his sexual approval of everything that was underway.
"I want both cocks inside me!" I screamed "Dave keep fucking my pussy and Mike you fuck my ass just like we simulated at the Barbecue!"
Here I was, only seconds away from my ultimate fantasy of being double penetrated by two huge cocks. My eyes were glazed over with pure lust as Dave removed his cock from my pussy and guided me over to my sofa. Sitting on the sofa, he encouraged me straddle his lap with my black stockinged legs. His huge cock slid inside my cunt effortlessly, stretching my pussy divinely. Mike positioned himself behind me, holding his erect cock, when he did the thing which sealed my ultimate slut requirement. He spat directly onto my exposed asshole, sending the most delightful tremors of subservient lust coursing through my body.
My heart was beating frantically as every nerve in my body was placed on red alert, awaiting Mike to slide his cock inside my asshole and fulfil my double penetration fantasy. I was in a lust crazed frenzy as I felt Mikes cock nudged at my puckered ring. Slowly his cock eased forward into my asshole, past my sphincter, easily sliding in my tight hole and begin to fuck me nastily.
My pussy was being stretched magnificently and now my asshole was experiencing the same sort of treatment. Mike began a steady rhythm of long slow thrusts, which made my mouth open and my head point upwards to the heavens. I was heading in the direction of a multiple orgasm, such was the intense physical pleasure my body was experiencing. My eyes were rolling in my head as the first wave of multiple orgasm swept through me.
"James I'll need to be fucked by more than one cock more often! This must be repeated!" I panted hoarsely as my orgasm continued and increased with intensity.
"We'll be around to fuck you a lot more" Dave growled "Mike and I will be spun king in and on you more often now that you're our married cheating fuck slut!"
His derogatory words were like honey to my ears. My sensational orgasm had not subsided yet as I looked over at my husband stroking his red raw cock, spunk dribbling out the end of it, with a delectable subservient flush emblazoned across his astonished face.
"We'll just turn up and you'll have three minutes to put on one of your slut stripper outfits, do a quick striptease for us then we'll fuck all of your holes till we're satisfied!" Dave snarled "You're our slut now and that's how we will treat you!"
My hot lips grazed Dave's, as our tongues swirled into action.
I was oblivious to the existence of my husband at this point. My focus of attention was to be fucked into sexual submission. Mike's cock was becoming more forceful with each thrust as Dave slowly slid his magnificent cock in and out of my pussy, causing me to pant and utter the most obscene profanities.
"Fuck me guys. Fuck your slut!" I screamed with unbelievable pleasure "Show my husband how real men fuck and own a slut!"
Mike slapped my buttocks harshly, creating a clapping sound and a stinging bite.
"Just take these cocks slut!" Mike growled, pulling my ass cheeks apart and spitting forcefully between my buttocks. I had never felt so used and abused and I loved every single second of it.
His hand slapped my stinging buttock once more, the tingling pain and sensational pleasure had my eyes rolling with delight as another orgasm surged through me. James was in a state of shock at this point watching his slut wife being taken to heights of pleasure he never thought possible.
I was beyond thriving on the cocks in my ass and pussy. A new word would need to be devised to explain the sensational pleasure my ass and pussy were experiencing. This is what my pussy and ass were made for!
"James your slut wife just loves cock doesn't she?" Dave snarled.
James and I nodded in unison.
"The dirty cheating slut is taking two big cocks at once! One in her married cunt and the other in her cheating unfaithful ass!" Dave continued, knowing how to press the sexual buttons of both James and I.
"Fuck me!" I squirmed "Give me your spunk! I'm your cheating whore to do with as you wish!" I screamed in a blaze of lust and unequaled passion.
Mike unplugged his cock from my ass and slapped the hard beast in my face. I opened my mouth and took his cock inside straight from my ass.
"Swallow my spunk you dirty whore!" Mike growled, his spunk pumping into my mouth as I groaned with delight at his sexual mistreatment of me.
Every drop of his hot spicy spunk slid down my throat, not a single drop spilled over. My tongue was swirling around his flagging cock, keeping in a state of semi erect. Dave smiled watching the close up oral sex show and chirped in.
"Your going to suck and swallow my load now!" He snarled aggressively. Lifting me off his cock, he pulled my hair, guiding my head to his huge hard cock as my lips slid over the purple bulbous head of his rampant cock.
My lips had just covered his glans when he erupted a forceful barrage of hot creamy spunk straight to the back of my throat. I sucked and swallowed rapidly ensuring every drop of his alpha male semen would be sliding down my throat erotically.
James watched as the second huge cock emptied an expansive load of hot creamy jism down his unfaithful wife's throat. I sucker and licked Dave's cock like a demented whore. My tongue was swirling all around his prominent Bell end while James stared exasperated.
I smiled at James and held his rock hard cock. The second I placed a gloved finger on my husbands cock it exploding, spraying vast quantities of spunk all over my smooth shaved pussy.
I looked at James scornfully and said in a stern voice.
"You lick that up! These guys have come here to fuck a slut, not some back street hooker. Clean it up with your tongue then you can taste the guys cocks and spunk on my breath" I said, tormenting James but arousing him expertly.
James nodded his head subserviently and flicked his tongue all over the smooth flesh of my cum drenched pussy. The power shift felt sensational as James lapped at my pussy, cleaning his sperm from my pussy and providing me with a nice little orgasm as a thank you. I tapped his head and indicated he should bring his head level with my face.
James moved up my body, passed my huge firm breasts and moved all the way until our lips were level with each other's. I could smell the spunk on my husbands breath as his lips covered mine. I knew he could taste the guys cocks and the deposits of spunk they unleashed in my mouth. Both of us were moaning with delight at the debauched scene, tongues slithering over each other's wildly as the guys watched on smirking.
James had now passed in to the cuckold phase and I had definitely earned my honorary degree as a slut stripper wife.
The fucking didn't end there. It continued well into the night, with both guys fucking me, then taking turns in doing me in my marital bed.
I ended up fucking and sleeping with Dave whilst James lay on the floor listening to his cheating wife take Dave's cock in all of her holes as she delivered a running commentary. I awoke Dave in the morning with a long slow blowjob, topped off with Mike behind me, taking turns in fucking my pussy and ass. I had slept in my sexy lingerie so I was dressed as a slut when the guys woke up. By mid morning both guys had no more spunk to give and headed off to use our shower. James sat on the bed next to me and kissed my spunk drenched face, licking little drops of Mike and Dave's spunk off my cheek.
"Once the guys leave I'm going to fuck all of your cheating holes!" James smiled "I'm so glad we had that Barbecue.