I figured the easiest and cheapest way to try social/public nudism would be a nude beach.
I was on holiday by myself on sort of a break from work and everything and thought as part of my time I would try something I had wanted to try for ages but never had the chance. I would check and find out if there were any nudist beaches nearby where I was staying in Dorset. A brief internet search later and I was presented by what seemed to be the best option: Studland beach near Swanage. It does have a designated nudist section which was good as I did not want to accidentally end up on the wrong side of the law, particularly on my first time.
I figured I wouldn't need to take that much with me, considering I was going to a nudist beach so I packed a towel and a few essentials and set of, feeling slightly nervous at what I was about to do.
It was easy enough to find following a sat nav, and cost £6 for a day's parking in the National Trust car park which seemed a fairly good deal. It was about 20 minutes walking from the car park to the nudist area. I was walking along the top of the dunes with my heart in my mouth. I felt as if everyone I passed was judging me and knew where I was going even though I was fully clothed at this point. I'm not sure why I had this feeling, but I put it down to nerves and continued.
I eventually came upon the reason I had come: a sign marking the edge of the nudist area. I took a breath and stepped passed the sign, now officially on the nudist beach. I carried on walking, looking for a good place to settle down and do this thing. I passed a couple of naked older couples and a single man and it finally felt real. I relaxed quite a bit on seeing other nudists, mainly confirming that I was in the right place. I found a spot near the base of the dunes and lay out my towel.
I had reached the moment of truth. It was time to strip off. I was a little concerned about the textiles walking past closer to the water, but I figured that they would not be going anywhere in a hurry and I wouldn't be the first naked person they had seen that day. I took my shirt off. Nothing big in that really. I took my shorts off. Now I was sitting on my towel in my underwear.
It was at this point things started to change. I started to feel out of place and quite comical, sitting there in underwear on a nudist beach. I gripped the edge of my underwear and in a single movement, removed it, exposing my penis and balls to the world. It felt brilliant. The sun fell on parts of me that had not seen sunlight properly in years. The second everything was out, I felt much calmer and relaxed than I had been before. I couldn't quite believe it. There I was, naked, outside, with others around (and not all of them being nudists), my dick and balls on show for anyone to see. I felt very liberated.
I was fully expecting the most dreaded thing of a first-time male nudist: a throbbing erection. There was some slight enlargement as a reaction to being exposed to the sun, wind and passing strangers and I understood what I had read about erections not being that common in social nudist settings. However, just as this crossed my mind, a chap descended the dunes about 5 feet to my right, sporting a large, curved boner, so clearly, they do happen, just don't make a big song and dance about it.
I settled back to enjoy the rest of the day with a book and to watch the world go by. As the afternoon passed, I got an erection. I figured the best way to deal with it would be to just let nature take its course. As I was positioned with my feet towards the sea, my knees bent, the only people who could really have seen the aroused state of my dick would have been anyone passing above me on the dunes or directly in front of me. I found the latter kind of exciting. People would have been looking at me deliberately to see properly, so they really couldn't complain about what they saw.
Coming up to early evening, I felt I should have a look around a bit. I gathered up my stuff and set off, semi engorged penis swinging happily in front of me. I passed a few other nudist couples sunning themselves and the occasional nudist walking the other way. It was great. Everyone I passed returned a smile and nobody made any comment of my body or genitals or the fact I was a single male. Even though no words were exchanged, the atmosphere was very friendly.
I chose to sit up on the dunes for the rest of the day. Now, I have since discovered some nudist beaches have unofficial "areas": a standard nudist area where there is a family friendly area, a mainly gay area where there is a chance to see something sexual and more erections and a final area (usually farthest from the non-nudist area) where there can be swinging and casual encounters of all sexualities and that most of this activity takes place in the dunes towards the evening. I'm not sure if Studland is one of these, but on that day, something happened I was not expecting.
I was laying on my back, spread eagled to the world and anyone who wanted a look and I started to feel a flow of blood rushing to my crotch. "Fuck it", I thought to myself. I had been there all day and was feeling really comfortable with my nudity. I stopped fighting the urge and let my penis swell. This was to become a much stronger erection than the previous one. I was expecting a "casual" erection, but my penis kept growing until my foreskin started to retreat and the tip of my cock emerged, glistening in the sunlight. The sun beating down made everything feel even better. I was loving this; laying outside, erection sticking straight up in the air, everything exposed to anyone who wanted to look.
It turned out someone did want a closer look. An older gentleman approached. My erection had subsided slightly by this point and was no longer sticking straight up in the air but was laying on my stomach, pointing at my chest with my foreskin still retracted. We exchanged a greeting and he sat down. This was fine. His exposed genitals were no further than 2 feet away from my face. I thought it would be rude to not at least check out what had been parked so close my face, so I had a look at his dick and balls. I was not expecting however for him to reach over and gently grasp my enlarged member. I would say more out of shock than anything, I said that I wasn't into that, and he quickly withdrew his hand. He apologised for being so forward, which was appreciated. In retrospect, I feel I should have let events happen, as it is through experiences that we grow and learn. We continued to make small talk about nudism in general until we shook hands and departed.
I was laying there with an erection, talking to a complete stranger who was also completely naked, like it was a perfectly normal thing. As this thought crossed my mind, my penis started to grow again. I kind of felt a bit bad for the chap who had just left and was missing the show, but I couldn't help myself. I took a firm grasp of my shaft and started to stroke up and down, not really caring anymore if anyone saw, as aroused as I was. The head of my penis was swollen and purple, with precum oozing from the tip. I had never felt anything like it. I started to massage my whole penis and ball sack. I spat on my hand to use as lube and started to rub the tip firmly with my palm. It was almost too much. I felt my balls tighten and my throbbing dick tremble as my back arched and a load of cum flew from the tip of my penis, splattering myself and the nearby sand.
I lay there in a moment of orgasmic bliss, breathing deeply, not concerned about anyone who had seen the show. The events of the last few minutes were running through my mind: I've been displaying an erection to compete strangers, in public. I had a conversation with a complete stranger who was also naked, while sporting an erection. I had just masturbated, to orgasm, openly, in public, with little regard as to who could see.
I stood up, my penis still semi erect. I headed down to the sea to wash off. On my way, I crossed the path of a couple of middle aged ladies (fully clothed) who were walking their dog. Earlier in the day, I had tried to avoid people on my trips to the sea, but now I think I had unlocked an exhibitionist part of me. The latter part of the day had consisted of little else but shamelessly sporting an erection (even accidental) for everyone to see. At this point I thought little of walking past these ladies with my semi erect penis bobbing in front of me and just continued on my way. I offered a friendly smile as I passed, which I was pleased to see was returned (along with a look at my dick) and I headed into the sea to wash off before collecting my stuff and heading back to the car.
I walked back to my stuff to collect it and instead of putting my clothes back on then, I chose to walk as long as possible while still naked. A jogger came past me, his erection sticking straight out in front of him. He smiled at me, I smiled back. I eventually reached the sign that indicated I had reached the end of the nudist beach. I sighed as I dragged my clothes out of my bag and pulled them back on. They felt tight and restricting after my day of freedom and I resolved at that moment to be naked whenever I got the practical chance.
I hope you had the patience to read to the end of this, as I think my one-day experience at the beach taught me a lot: erections are normal (on a beach at least) and as long as you don't make a big song and dance about it, nobody really pays attention. Nudism in itself is not inherently sexual, as the first half of my day shows, but like any situation can be turned that way by the right stimulus. In this case, it seems to have been the interest in my erection (which I could be to blame for as I did not conceal it as more traditional naturists believe I should have done) which escalated things or the fact that I was kind of enjoying being so exposed to strangers. However, I didn't go to the nudist beach looking for any kind of sexual interaction, it just kind of came and found me.