This is a prelude to a bit of a series. More public nudity content will appear. More of what was established in here will appear. Hope you enjoy give feedback if you got it.
******
I'd always dreamed of being permanently naked. It sounded so nice, and free. Nothing up against my body making me feel cramped or stiff. And I was being given a chance to live that dream. Never wear clothes again. There was a condition but I wouldn't call it a catch. I would work for at least one year, in a female gloryhole room. Where my ass is sticking out a hole and my tits are sticking through a couple holes. And I would be released from those holes at the end of the day. I was promised that the longest I would be in those would be twelve hours at a time. Some days only the ass hole, other days only the tits. They also had a hole that was for the mouth exclusively. A guard would hold my mouth open and I could be orally fucked while there. But that hole was a choice that most girls didn't use most days. The patrons regularly cum in your mouth, and it's too hard to swallow, as I've been told.
Once the day was done and I was let out of the holes I would be allowed one hour to roam the campus, which consisted of a gym, cafeteria, lobby, and washroom. The washroom was communal, with no stalls and only cold water. After that hour was up I would be escorted back to my room, which is also where my ports are, and would rest until woken for the next day's use.
After a year of this servitude I would be granted a chip implant that shows I have earned the right to be naked at all times in all spaces. This was a very back end way of earning that right, and there are probably many more easy ways to do so however...
"I accept the offer, may I request the address I should go to tomorrow for the start of my year?" I asked the beautiful woman, Jenni, standing in front of me. She was naked, as I wished I could be. Had gorgeous 36C breasts, long tan legs that showed some toning, and absolutely amazing auburn hair that ran all the way down to the top of her ass. I would eat her out in a second.
"Oh that's actually unnecessary, just come with me I'm heading back now. I work there still but as a receptionist and host. And if you would like we can actually stop somewhere and you can get naked." Jenni replied to me. Giving me a shock as I wasn't expecting to be allowed nudity in public for at least another year.
"Yes please. I would love to. But I have my identification and house keys on me."
"Oh you don't need to worry about those. Just leave your clothes wherever you remove them, and carry your effects. We'll hold onto them in a locker until you're finished with the year." Jenni instructed me, quickly taking my upper arm and guiding me into a nearby store. Once inside she inquired as to where their changing room is. She rushed me over to it and shoved me in. Quickly shutting the door behind herself.
Once I saw that she had locked the door I lifted my arms to take off my tube top. Jenni had rushed for my leggings, pulling harshly down and taking them off before I had my top above my head. She pushed me backwards and down onto the floor with her right hand. Spreading my legs with her left hand. When my legs were spread far enough apart she stuck her head in eagerly. I was already wet when she began to lick my pussy. I looked over at my discarded leggings to see a wet spot. Showing off my horniness to Jenni well before I was naked. And because I don't wear underwear it took her one step less to get in.
After only a couple of minutes I was on the edge of orgasm. One of my hands holding Jenni's head in between my legs, the other fondling my breasts. Jenni started to slow down as I started to quiver. Licking her lips as she pulled away. Taking her left hand and giving one last teasing stroke along my pussy up my stomach and breast. She put her hand close to my mouth then a couple fingers in my mouth. I sucked on her fingers tasting my own juices, and moving my hips and legs to try to reach my orgasm.
"You liked that honey?" Jenni asked me in a sweet seductive voice. A mischievous grin flashed across her face.
I nodded still too horny to speak, still wanting my orgasm desperately. She stood up and beckoned for me to follow her as she left the changing room. It took me a minute to collect myself and calm down enough to stand. When I did, I found Jenni in high heels section of the store. She was eyeing a pair of strappy black heels. Commented on how hot I would look in them and nothing else. Before I could respond she thrust them into my arms and moved onto another area of the store. This time I found her at the necklace and jewelry counter. She had picked a couple of bangles and a choker for me. As well as dangling earrings to wear. Then she ran off again, to the ribbon shelf. Pulling out a soft black silky ribbon and putting it around each of my breast like a bow, then at the end of my braid.
"We better be going sweetheart. You still have to meet the master." She said aloud.
"Are you sure all this adornment is necessary?" I asked.
She nodded and took me by the wrist. Guiding me back through the store and into the streets again. She had a more hurried step this time than before we went into the store. She pushed me into a couple alleyways when passing the government officials. I don't know why, she said so long as she was with me it was safe to be naked on the way to the sex rooms.
After a twenty minutes walk, across cobbled streets, in strappy four inch stiletto heels. We made it to what appeared to be an apartment building. Jenni pulled out a key and ushered me into one of what I would guess is a larger apartment in the building. She sat me down in a very plush lounge chair, spreading my legs as she walked away from me. Giving me a teasing and seductive glance over her shoulder. She came back into the room wearing a strapon and carrying a rather large ball gag.
"Did you really think I was going to take you straight to the sex rooms? That was rather silly of you hun. And I didn't bother to remember your name, which makes it that much easier for me to give you a new one." She said while putting the gag in my mouth. "You will respond to the slut, cunt, toy, not that it will make a difference. You don't respond to anyone at the sex rooms. And you're going to be on a leash until we get there in a couple days. Then I will only see you on breaks, or if I decide to visit you."
She finished talking and grabbed my right tit very roughly. Pulling me closer to her while driving her strapon into me. She only had to fuck me for a couple minutes before I came for the first time. She let go of my breast dropping me back into the chair. Jenni pulled out of my pussy and lead me to her bed room. She laid me down on the bed, arranging my arms behind my head and spreading my legs. And proceeding to bring me to another two orgasms before leaving the room for the night.
Leaving me tired from two orgasms, and wanting more. I lay there for what felt like hours, not wanting to move my body. Or masturbate, but wanting Jenni to come back and fuck me. I fell asleep still horny, hot, and wet. Woke up to Jenni sitting on my chest. A smile spreading across her face as I slowly woke up.
"Hello slut, guess what you get to do today?" I couldn't answer, I didn't know what to guess, and by the time I thought of something. Well it helps that she was also stradling my head by that point, her beautiful pussy over my lips. "Make me cum five times. And you can go on a walk around the park. And tomorrow we'll go to the rooms."