Note: This is a new story that will incorporate a good amount of things from my other stories for these new characters. I will start off with more of an introductory story here then have subsequent chapters be about the adventures of these new characters, each one about a different kink one of them has in a different category or something like that. I will hopefully get back to other stories soon for those of you that care, but had this one bouncing around my head for a bit. I hope some of you enjoy reading my stuff as much as I do writing it. I have never written anything in my life outside of school except for this site and apologize if my stories are redundant and not perfectly written. I just use this as an outlet. With that said I hope you enjoy!
My name is Zack. I am thirty three years old and single. I don't have any kids as I realized from a young age that I very much dislike them and didn't always want them around. I also don't want to commit my life to raising them and want to do so many other things. I haven't dated a ton, but had girlfriends back in high school and college. After college the only sex I have had was with a longtime friend that turned into a friends with benefits situation after a drunken night. Because I had known her a long time I knew she wanted marriage, kids, and that whole deal and was very up front that I did not and would never change my mind. If she was ok with that then adding sex in could work for as long as we wanted it to. She said yes at that time as she was single, wanted sex, and felt comfortable with me.
From the get we said it would be purely sexual and either of us could date if they wanted. She actually did here and there for most of it, but never found someone she wanted to go further with. We agreed if either one of us found something they really wanted to pursue with someone else we'd end our thing and would be happy for the other, and would never let it affect our long term friendship. We promised to each other that when it ended we would go back to being friends with that very enjoyable part of our lives to always remember.
Our friends thought we were naïve and that it wouldn't work, that we would ruin our friendship and make things awkward in the larger group. We had amazing sex and it was great. We explored all kinds of things and helped each other learn what we really liked. Like all good things though, it had to come to an end. After about a year I told her it's probably best for us to stop and that it wasn't because I wasn't enjoying our time together. It was because I didn't want her changing for me and felt like I was holding her back and providing a safety net. I wanted her to have everything she wanted in life and could not give it to her.
She was sad at first, but realized it was for the best. Not only did we never have issues and make anything awkward for our friend group, but we also stayed friends after it ended and proved all of our other friends wrong. Over time we grew apart naturally as she moved away to another state, but we still keep in contact here and there to this day. I still consider her a very close friend and am happy she found a guy that treats her right. I honestly believe we helped each other in a lot of ways and I am glad we had that experience.
That ended about five years ago and I haven't dated or had sex since. I was never one to need someone around and wasn't the kind of guy that had the sole mission of getting laid. I am generally a homebody and like to be alone most of the time, but at the same time I do enjoy traveling to different countries. Watching porn is enough for me. I watch a ton of it and am pretty much addicted to it. It's the first thing I look at when I wake up, something I think about often during the day, and I very much enjoy long masturbation sessions with a fleshlight where I edge for hours. I do this probably a couple of times per week.
I think what helps keep me pretty horny all the time is that not long ago I discovered a company that sells crotchless boxer briefs. They have a hole in front that my dick and balls fit through perfectly, providing a little snugness around the base so I always know that I am hanging out of them. Other than that they are just regular boxer briefs. I go commando a good amount as well, but sometimes worry about things like someone noticing or my pants ripping in public. These crotchless boxer briefs allow me to enjoy the feeling of my dick against the inside of my pants while out and about, while at the same time showing that I have underwear on to anyone who happens to see.
I'm either wearing the crotchless briefs or nothing at all. Because of this my dick is always visible and touchable when lounging around at home, where I am most of the time. I also love using butt plugs and have been experimenting with longer term use so I have one in a lot of the time. I've been using them on and off for many years and am now using them a lot more. Having a plug in my ass and my dick hanging out of my boxers so often keeps me horny quite a bit.
Not long ago I got the idea to try out a popular dating app to see what was out there. I don't need sex, but it had been a while and I do enjoy it. If I didn't find anyone then no biggie and I could go back to what I knew I enjoyed. After a few matches and messages that led nowhere I gave up. I edited my profile to say if anyone should see it I think the app is probably a lot of fake users or robots trying to get me to pay money and that I was done with it. If anyone was interested in meeting I would be at this certain dive bar the next four Thursday nights and giving the final date.
On top of listing non-sex interests of mine (travel but mainly a homebody, watching sports, movies/TV shows, techy stuff) I said I am pretty kinky and not just looking for sex, but rather a girl that is very open, has no hang ups with sex, doesn't judge, and wants to explore things together. I added that I wanted to be honest from the start and am hoping to find someone that doesn't want a traditional relationship where sex is just part of it, and more and more over time it is not, but rather someone who wants to base a relationship around it being at the forefront and wants to find out everything about themselves. I also mentioned that I have no kids and don't want them. If someone came to meet me I knew we would have a lot of potential wasted time out of the way.
Even though I was done with the app I kept it active by liking a few profiles here and there so mine would hopefully remain viewable to others. I even begrudgingly paid for something that said it would give my profile more views and made sure it was one-time only and wouldn't continue past that one payment.
The first Thursday comes and I head to the bar. I sit down and order, chatting with the bartender and others around. I have a good time and leave with no one coming up to me. The same goes for the second Thursday. On the third Thursday I am talking to the bartender and ready to call it a night when one of the most attractive women I have ever seen walks in. She is tall, maybe close to six feet (I am 6'4), has straight blonde hair in a ponytail, perfectly tanned skin, tits on the smaller side, which I prefer, light features, and an overall thin frame. She has a stereotypical all-American girl next door look going on. She is wearing a white sundress with green flowers on it that goes to the middle of her thighs and a pair of Chuck Taylors with no socks -- a kink I didn't know I had until that point. She sits at the bar a couple seats down from me. The bartender asks her what she will have and she replies nicely that she needs a minute.
She buries her head in her phone and when the bartender approaches her again she says she is sorry, but actually has to go. She gets up and leaves. I am sad that she wasn't there for me as she was so beautiful. The bartender and I share a glance that tells the other we thought she was hot. I am about to close my tab and leave when the same girl walks back in and sits right next to me. I am kind of in shock and am pretty sure she saw my profile.
I look over at her and we share eye contact and a smile. She has the nicest green eyes, another thing that I love. After our shared glance she looks back to her phone. I decide to say nothing. If she wants to talk to me she will when she's ready. After what seems like hours, when it was probably not even two minutes, I am looking at my phone when I hear "I liked your dating profile." I want to jump up and throw my fist into the air in celebration, but instead use every fiber of my being to remain calm and normal.
"Yeah?"
"Yeah. I also think apps are pretty much a scam. All I get is weirdos or matches that either never send me a message or don't reply when I do. I mean, to match that means they liked what they saw right? Why would they not message me or reply when I message them?"
"Right," I exclaim in a questioning manner.
"It was refreshing to see someone say what you did and be completely honest like that."
"Zack," I say while extending my hand out with a smile.
She shakes it. "Emily."
"It's very nice to meet you, Emily. I am glad you saw my profile and that you decided to come."
"When I first came in I was so nervous and backed out. I got back to my car and thought to myself why not take a chance? What do you have to lose? It's not really different than if we had matched and decided to meet. If nothing happens then nothing happens. So here I am."
"Here you are. What can I get you to drink?"
"Honestly, a nice cold beer sounds great right now. It's so hot out." Wow, she's hot as hell and likes beer. Good start.
I catch the bartender's attention and he walks over to us. "My friend Emily here will have..."
"A Jai Alai sounds good," she says. The bartender looks at me with an approving nod.
"Two Jai Alais, please."
"Coming right up."
As he goes to grab our beers I tell her I was impressed with the drink selection.
"I've never been a fancy drink girl. I grew up with two brothers and watched a lot of sports. Beers were always around."
Right after we get them and take our first sip I speak up. "Is it ok if we skip the whole what do you do for work, where did you go to school, talk about your family thing?"
"Oh my god, yes please. I'm so sick of that stuff."
"I figure if we hang out and talk more that stuff will come up naturally anyways. I want to know about you and your wants. I haven't been on any kind of meet up or date in many years as I mainly had long term things and it's been a while for even that so I don't have any game at all."
"I don't want game," she replies. "I just want to talk to someone that, from the limited amount I know of them, I find interesting and would like to know more about."
"Well, look at us. Who woulda thought?"
"Please tell me that was a Paul Rudd reference," she says with a smile. I cannot believe she got what I was going for. Hot, drinking a beer in a dive bar, knows movie quotes. This couldn't have got off to a better start and I am going to try my best to not fuck it up.
"It was. It's awesome that you got it."
"Well, he's awesome and I'm a big movie quote person. Probably a little too much."
"You're kidding, right?"
"No. I love movies and quoting them. My friends tell me it can get annoying, but whatever."
"Well, I do not find it annoying. Quite the opposite actually. I am also very big into movies, as you might have seen in my profile, and quoting them." She smiles and takes another sip of her beer.
I decide to go for it. "Since you're here I'm guessing you are into what I wrote about in my profile?"
"Yes," she replies as she quickly looks at me then back to her glass, seemingly a little nervous.
I wait, wanting to know what she will say next. I hope she is comfortable enough to speak up without being asked a question.
"I can't believe I'm going to be this direct with someone I met just a few minutes ago, but fuck it. I'm here, we both know why, and we're both adults so let's not beat around the bush."
"I completely agree."
"I've dated and had all kinds of experiences, but each ended in disappointment. I saw your profile and liked it, but since I didn't get a match I figured you weren't lying about being done with it and my only chance would be to come here if I did want to meet you and see if there was something."
"Yeah, I haven't opened it much since I wrote that other than to like a random profile here and there to keep mine active. I would have definitely liked yours if I came across it. If no one came by next week I would be done with this little experiment and would go back to not trying much. I am done with any kind of apps."
"I was honestly a little taken aback by what you wrote. It said a lot of what I want for my life. Worst case you wouldn't be here and all that was wasted was a little time. I am also sick of the apps and thought if this were real that maybe it could be something and I wouldn't have to use them anymore."
"I'm hoping for that too." She smiles and takes another sip of beer. "I would love for us to have an honest conversation about what we want without fear of being judged and without the whole interview-y date thing where the real stuff is held back."
"I want that too. I really can't believe this is happening -- meeting someone like you that is so up front. It's weird, but my nerves are almost gone already and I feel very comfortable around you."
"I am happy to hear that. I also feel very comfortable too. I thought I'd be nervous the whole time. I was a little at first as you are so beautiful and I couldn't believe that you wanted to meet me, but that has all gone away."
"I am very glad to hear that as well, and thank you for the compliment. You aren't so bad yourself." She takes another sip of her beer and it looks like she is thinking about what to say next. "When you said that you're kinky and want to explore, what kinds of things were you talking about?"
"So you want to get right to that, huh," I ask with a smile.
"Yes."
"Let's do it. I have no problem talking about sex and wish more people weren't so afraid to."
"Part of why I don't go on a ton of dates, or why things don't work out when I do, is that I sometimes feel shame about my wants and I don't want to be judged for them. It's easier to walk away or not try than risk being embarrassed. I don't want that anymore. I want to be completely myself from now on."
"Please do. There's not a single thing you can tell me that I will judge you for. Everyone has their stuff. I have mine and from what it sounds like you won't judge me either."
"I would never. I consider myself a very open-minded person. I support whatever people want to do to get enjoyment as long as everyone involved is on the same page. Communication is very important."
"I feel the same way. I am looking for a girl that I can go up to and say I would like to try a certain thing I find hot and for them to not to just be open to discussing it, and maybe doing if comfortable with it, but to also be happy that I felt comfortable enough to share with them. At the same time I want to be that for her -- someone she can open up to about anything she wants and needs, about sex or anything else at all, and to feel completely comfortable doing so. There is almost nothing I won't do sexually or otherwise for my partner. If there's something she wants to do or try I will be completely supportive and give it all I have. I want her to feel zero shame in letting me know what she likes and for it to be normal to suggest even the craziest things. Seeing a girl turned on is one of the sexiest things to me." I hesitate for a second before I complete my thought. It's a risk, but I hope it works out. "Only seeing her cum tops it."
Emily quickly turns her head and meets my eyes. "Damn, that was so hot."
"At the same time I don't want a girl that just says yes to everything I ask for to do it for me. I want her to get enjoyment out of it too, and if she doesn't, to be honest and communicate that. If there is something she doesn't want to do I want her to feel comfortable enough to say so. I don't want anything going unsaid and for that kind of stuff to eat away at the relationship."
"I feel the same. There's not much that I haven't done or wouldn't be open to." The longer this goes the more I wonder if this is some kind of prank or sick joke. I mean, how is a girl that looks like her, and is so sexually open, not with anyone? She just admitted that she is down for pretty much anything sexually. I have so many images of her in various situations going through my head.
"I have a confession," she says. I look at her. "I wasn't sure I would be telling you this, but I think we're off to a good start and to be honest this conversation is making me a little horny. Plus I am not ashamed of it as it's something I enjoy."
"Please go on."
"I have a butt plug in right now."
I am overwhelmed with excitement and horniness right after she tells me. I honestly cannot believe it as I have one in too. I lean in close to her ear. "You're not going to believe this, but so do I." I pull back and we look into each other's eyes.
"Are you serious?"
"Yes." I tell her all about how I got into them and that I have been experimenting with wearing them for longer periods. I also let her know that I want to continue to do so hopefully to the point where I have one in most of the time as it makes me feel good.
"Wow. I'm not at that level, but I do enjoy the feeling and having that secret when out with family or friends. No one knows I wear them except my closest girlfriend Zoey, and you now. I like that you enjoy them too, and that you're willing to tell me after just meeting me."
"How often do you use one," I ask. "And why tonight?"
"I don't know, maybe a couple of hours or less a couple times per week. Sometimes more, sometimes less and a good amount of the time when masturbating. I wanted to feel a little dirty and have a secret tonight to be honest."
"Secret's out!" She laughs and takes a sip of her beer. "Do you enjoy anal sex or just the feeling of toys?"
"Both. I haven't done it with guys a lot, but when I do, and it's done right, I really enjoy it. I find myself using plugs and dildos more and more when alone lately. I even have one with a tail that I got recently. I find it to be fun."
"Oh man, I love those. I kind of wish you had it in right now."
"Me too, but I might get some weird looks with this dress not being long enough to cover it," she says with a little laugh. "I did go out with it once, though. I was wearing a long dress with nothing underneath and did my grocery shopping. It got me so horny that I masturbated in my car as soon as I got back to it."
"Wow."
"Do you use plugs just for the sensation or do you like anal stuff?"
"Both. I like the feeling of them, but I also enjoy fingers, dildos, whatever else in my ass sometimes too. It just feels good."
"I'm glad that you are not ashamed to admit that. I think most guys are."
"It seems that more and more it's becoming acceptable for a guy to admit hey, this feels good, and get over the whole stigma of it being about who you are sexually attracted to. It's a body part that can make you feel good if you know how to do it just like any other."
"Well put."
"How did the last guy, or any guy, you were with fuck things up with a girl that is so cool and open, is so honest, is as stunningly beautiful as you, and is kinky?"
"Awww thanks, but those are stories for another time. A couple cheated and some ended naturally or for other reasons."
"Idiots."
"Yeah, it's odd to offer someone pretty much whatever they want and for it to still not be enough."
"I'm sorry you had to go through that. I have never been cheated on, or cheated myself, so I can only imagine how hard that was and hope you never have to experience it again."
"Thank you. Me too."
"I have another confession," I tell her. She looks at me and waits. "I watch a lot of porn. You know, single horny guy. I'm not embarrassed by it."
"Nor should you be. I do. We all do."
"The reason I bring it up is that while I hope to need it less, it will always be something I am into. I'm hoping my partner is ok with that. I want to be able to watch it and if she happens upon me doing so it's either no big deal or she joins in the fun. I enjoy watching and don't want it to upset her or make her feel that she's not enough because it's not about that at all. It also helps with ideas."
"I am very pro porn, and yes it's great for ideas. I watch more than you probably think. Most girls do. It's for us too!"
"I'm very happy to hear that. More and more I see couples filming their sexcapades and posting to Onlyfans, porn sites, etc. They have no shame in sharing their sex lives with strangers. That's what I want. Well, not the sharing for the world to see part, but the part where who I am with is comfortable enough to do all kinds of crazy things like that and have sex be the biggest part of the relationship."
She looks me dead in the eyes. "Me too."
She doesn't break eye contact as I lean in slowly to kiss her. I stop half way and wait to see what she does. She nods her head. I continue and kiss her lightly for a few seconds as I put my hand on her knee. The energy between us is insane. I pull back, looking into her eyes as I do.
"Well that was...."
"Perfect," she interjects.
We continue talking and laying it all out. What each of us is looking for and there is not a single thing we disagree on. It's kind of crazy. Our hands constantly touch and rub the other's leg or arm. We lean in close and kiss every so often. After some time we hear the bartender make last call. We have been talking for hours and it seemed like minutes. We talked so much we only had two drinks each the whole time.
"Well, this night turned out better than I could have ever expected."
"For me too," she says with a little smile." I'm glad I came back into the bar."
"I'd love to see you again."
"I would like that too."
We exchange numbers and get ready to leave. "Are you really not going to try to take me home tonight?"
"Well, the thought did cross my mind based on how our conversation went, but I truly am not in any rush. If I'm right about this, and I think I am, we will have plenty of time to do that. I am just happy that someone like you exists. It's enough for me tonight."
"What if I told you it wasn't for me?"
"You sure? Honestly, no pressure at all. If nothing else happened tonight this would still be a contender for top day all time for me."
"You are right about this. It will be what you and I are both looking for. It's kind of early to tell you tonight that we will be sharing our lives the way we talked about forever, but unless something crazy happens this is going to be a good thing. This is what I want. This is what you want. I don't see a reason to go slow here. Do you?"
"I do not. I just didn't want to rush anything and for you to be sure of your decision. We basically had many dates in one and skipped a lot of the traditional steps."
"Fuck traditional," she replies. "I am sure." I smile and kiss her. "And if we had many dates in one then it would be time anyways, right?"
"You make a very good point." I pull back, our faces a few inches apart and my hands on each side of her waist. Time to just say it. "I would love nothing more than to go back to your place or mine and fuck you until you tap out."
"Fuck," she replies. She bites her lower lip before leaning in and kissing me. "I drove and live 15 minutes away. And I don't think I'll be the one tapping out." I let out a little laugh.
"Perfect, I took an Uber here and would love to go back to your place."
"Let's get going. I'm so horny, but I have to go to the bathroom. I'll be right back."
I settle up the tab and the bartender gives me a job well done head nod. Emily comes back after a couple of minutes and somehow looks more beautiful than before with her hair now down but over to one side -- something I always find sexy.
"Ready," she asks as she grabs her things.
"Yes."
We leave and she drives us back to her place. She lives in a condo she bought a couple of years ago. It has a lot of modern décor and art and is very clean. I can tell she has good taste. She grabs two bottles of beer from the fridge and guides me to the living room couch. We sit down and take a drink. We look at each other without saying anything. As I finish my second sip she grabs the beer out of my hands and sets both on her table, pushes me back on the couch, and straddles my lap before kissing me. We make out for a bit as I run my hands along her body, tucking her hair behind her ear every so often and lightly running my fingertips along her skin. She grabs my hand and puts it on her ass. I take the hint and rub it and lightly spank her as we continue to make out. I decide to go for it and put my hand under the back of her dress. I feel her ass and continue to move up. As my hand gets to her waist I realize she isn't wearing any underwear. She pulls back and smiles.
"I never wear panties on a first date and wanted it to be a surprise."
"I love it. I also don't wear panties on the first date." She laughs and continues kissing me.
I resume rubbing, and lightly spanking, her ass and moving my hands along her body as we continue kissing. I then remember that she has a butt plug in. I move my hand to touch it and feel that it's a jeweled one. I very lightly tug on it as she lets out a little moan. She pulls away again and drops to her knees in front on me as I sit back on the couch. I still cannot process how this is happening right now. She grabs my belt and begins to unbuckle. I did not tell her about my crotchless briefs and hope she likes my surprise. After unbuckling my belt she undoes the button to my jeans and pulls the zipper down. My dick is immediately visible.
"So you weren't lying about not wearing panties."
"You'll see."
She pulls my pants down as I lift my butt slightly and sees the briefs with my dick sticking out of the hole in front of them. She stares for a couple of seconds before looking back up at me.
"Crotchless briefs? I didn't know these were made for guys."
"I didn't either until a couple of years ago. I pretty much wear these or nothing at all."
"I love them. Easy access. Keep them on or take them off?"
"On is good for now."
She smiles, leans down, and takes me into her mouth. As I get harder and harder she sucks slowly, using her tongue as she moves up and down, looking up at me every so often and smiling with my dick in her mouth. Then out of nowhere she deep throats me until her nose is touching my stomach and holds it there for a few seconds. My head falls back and my eyes roll up. I have never experienced my entire dick being in a girl's mouth. It's incredible. She comes back up and looks at me. I put my finger under her chin and lightly pull her towards me. I kiss her softly then with tongue. I love kissing a girl right after my dick has been in her mouth. I break away and she takes me all the way in her mouth again. We repeat deep throating and kissing a few times. After a couple of minutes I lightly grab her arm and pull her back up onto my lap. She is still wearing her dress. We kiss as I reach down and guide myself to the entrance of her pussy. I look at her and she nods.
"Condom," I ask.
"No. I need to feel all of you. I'm on the pill."
I enter her slowly as we resume kissing. Her pussy is so tight and wet. She moves up and down slowly as we lightly kiss and look into each other's eyes while she runs her hands through my hair and along my face while I continue running my hands along her body. I pull her top down and as suspected she is not wearing a bra.
"So you came out to meet me wearing nothing but this dress, shoes, and a plug in your ass? You are simply amazing."
She continues riding me as she answers. "Since my boobs aren't big I don't wear bras that much. When I want to go commando I sometimes do wear one, but tonight I was feeling a little daring so I skipped both and put in a plug. Figured best case scenario we get to this point and worst case I would come home and masturbate the night away. It's not that uncommon for me to skip both, especially when in a horny mood."
"You can do that forever as far as I'm concerned." She is looking at me but I can tell she is thinking.
"We'll see."
As she continues to move her perfect pussy up and down my dick I lean in and suck on her nipples, massaging her tits at the same time. We fuck for a few minutes before she gets up and extends her arm.
"Let's go to the bedroom."
I grab her hand and get up. As we walk to her room she lifts her dress over her head and tosses it aside, looking back at me. What a sight. She has the smallest and tightest little ass. Her body is toned but not muscular. She leads me to her bed and lightly pushes me back onto it.
"Wait right here. I'll be right back."
She leaves the room. I take off everything except my briefs and sit on the bed waiting for her. She returns after not long. As she walks in I see a tail hanging through the gap in her legs and smile. It is a raccoon style one -- gray with black strips and hangs down to her knees.
"You said earlier that you wished I had it in."
"I did. Now get over here."
I lie back on the bed as she climbs on top of me. We just kiss for a bit as our bodies rub against each other.
"I want to play with that tail." She slides off of me and gets on all fours on the bed. I sit up and get on my knees behind her. I grab the tail and lift up, playing with it for a few seconds before I slowly insert myself into her wet pussy. As I move in and out slowly I lightly tug on the tail, making sure not to pull it out, and rub the end of it along her ass as I fuck her. Her moans make me harder as I speed up.
"Spank me."
I decide to skip the light first spank and go for it. I spank her ass with about medium force as she looks back over her shoulder with a smile. I alternate cheeks and spank her just as hard a few times.
"Harder."
I smile and spank her very hard, as hard as I feel comfortable doing. She yelps a little.
"Too hard?"
"No. Again," she grunts. "And pull my hair. I really like that."
I wrap her hair around my hand, pull it back, and spank her ass while I continue fucking her. I do this for a while before she pulls away and turns around. She leans down and sucks my dick right after it leaves her pussy.
After a bit she lies back on the bed and I climb on top of her. I look into her eyes as I re-enter her. I start slow and slowly build up speed as she wraps her legs around me, locking them with her feet.
"Harder."
I listen and pull almost all the way out and thrust hard into her as she moans. I repeat this a few times before resuming fucking her and keeping that speed. As I do I run my left hand along her body up to her throat and lightly caress it. I move my hand down toward her tits but before I can get there she grabs my arm and puts my hand back on her throat. I look at her and she nods. I wrap my hand around it and lightly squeeze as I fuck her amazing pussy. Her hands are on my back, her fingers digging in. I decide to squeeze a little harder and see if she's ok with it. I do and she just digs her fingers in harder. I squeeze more, until the point before it gets too rough and continue my pace. We continue staring into each other's eyes as we fuck.
I take my hand off of her throat and move the hair out of her eyes before lying on top of her completely and fucking her while I moan into her ear. I pull out and tell her to turn around again after a few minutes. She does and I immediately resume fucking her, grabbing her hair again. I go harder and harder until I am at the pace I was when on top of her. I grab and pull her ass into me, fucking her almost as hard as I can.
"I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum," she says. I don't change anything I'm doing.
"Fuuuuuucccckkkkkkkk," she says right before letting out a loud moan. As she's cumming I pull her ass towards me and thrust into her as deep as I can. I leave my dick deep inside of her as she continues to orgasm, her body twitching as she moans. When she's done she pulls away, turns around, and sucks my dick. I look and notice that she bit and drooled into her sheets while I was behind her.
She moves up and we make out as she pushes me onto my back. She climbs on top of me and moves my dick to her pussy with her hand before lowering herself down onto it. She rides me and moans while I grab and squeeze her tits. She leans down and kisses me before slightly pulling away while still fucking me. I grab her throat and squeeze while guiding her body up and down by it. I just met this girl a few hours ago and now she is on top of me riding my dick as I guide her up and down with my hand squeezed tightly around her throat. Oh how things can change.
I grab her body and guide her onto the bed before climbing on top of her and continue to fuck her. I grab her legs and put them up on my shoulders. She stares at me while I hold her legs in place and pound her pussy as hard as I can.
"I'm gonna cum."
"I wanna see it. Cum on my tits."
That's all I need. I pull out, scoot up to where my dick is above her tits, and start stroking. After not long the first rope comes out and lands across her left tit. I move and aim toward her right tit and release a second. I continue alternating and also getting some in between her tits as well as her neck and stomach. She watches and looks up at me when I'm done.
"Fuck. That was amazing. You are good at that, sir"
"Well, I had an excellent partner."
She smiles. "And that's a lot of cum."
"Yeah, I guess. I've always had very large loads. It can be fun sometimes." I lie down next to her.
"Sometimes? I love it and it will always be fun to me." She cozies up next to me and puts her arm over my chest while lightly scratching it with her fingertips. I can feel my cum touching my chest as she does.
"Tell me your ultimate fantasy," she says.
"You sure? It's pretty out there."
"You just fucked and came all over me. I'm pretty sure."
"Alright. You asked for it." She scoots up and lies on her side with her arm on the bed, her hand holding up her head and staring at me as I begin.
"My biggest fantasy is to pick you up here, by the way I'm done saying whoever I'm with or partner. It's you from now on."
She smiles.
"I want to pick you up here very late at night or early in the morning, however you look at it, like one or two in the morning. You would come down your back stairs and meet me in the alley where I will be waiting in my car. Now here's the thing. You would be completely nude. No clothes of any kind. No shoes, no jewelry, nothing at all. Not even a hair tie. I want you one hundred percent completely nude. Not a single thing on your body."
"Oh my," she says. I can tell she is turned on.
"Just wait."
"Please continue."
"You would walk to my car very slowly and only look at me as you did, not caring about who might see you. You would get in and sit down spreading your legs wide open with one foot on the door handle area and the other on the center console, exposing yourself completely and would stay like that as I drive us out of town."
Her breathing gets a little heavier.
I would drive us to some random motel that I found ahead of time. One of those where you park right in front of your room door - a seedy crappy one. Although we can park in front of our door we would park as far away as we could in the lot and walk to the room slowly. Once we got in the room you would immediately get on your knees in front of the mirror, drop your face down onto the dirty carpet, put your hands and forearms behind your back, and put your ass up high for me. You will have prepared before you left so I would enter your ass in one stroke after lubing my cock a little. I would leave it there for you to feel for a bit then would start fucking it.
After a while of both sides of your face being rubbed into the dirty carpet while I pumped in and out of your ass I would grab your hair and yank you up by it so that you would be looking at yourself in the mirror as I fucked you. Your arms would stay behind your back the entire time unless I told you otherwise. They wouldn't be tied together and you would be responsible for making sure they stay there. If you needed to get up I would lift you by your hair. This means that you would not be allowed to touch any part of yourself the entire time. There is no vaginal or clitoral stimulation allowed by either of us. If you cum it will be from anal only."
"Jesus Christ," she whispers.
"After that you would lie completely flat on the carpet on your front while I continue to fuck you and hold you up by your hair so you can see the look on your face. After I am done fucking you in front of the mirror I would lift you by your hair and bring you to my dick to clean it off. I would then sit with my ass at the edge of the bed and spread my legs while leaning back onto my elbows. You would kneel in front of me and eat my ass for at least 15 minutes straight without stopping, arms behind your back still. As you ate it you would be looking at me the entire time, never breaking eye contact.
After that I have always wanted a one hour blowjob. You would lick, suck, and worship my cock for one hour, again never breaking eye contact with me the whole time. Your arms can hold you up if need be during this, but you can only use your mouth. You would alternate between sucking, licking, and rubbing my cock over every single inch of your face for the entire hour, very slow the entire time. I would then fuck your ass in missionary with you spread eagle and your hands behind your head where they would stay until I said otherwise. When I was ready I would cum all over your face and hair. It would be a week's worth that I saved by only edging leading up to it. You would leave my cum where it lands and never touch it.
I would then stick my dick right back into your ass and kiss you while I fucked you, tasting my cum until I was ready to cum again. When ready I would cum on your face once more. When done we would drive back without you cleaning up in any way and get you home hopefully before the sun comes up, or maybe hopefully not. I would drop you back off in your alley and leave you as soon as you got out of my car. When you got back into your condo you would go straight to bed without washing up until you fall asleep.
Emily is staring at me, mouth agape.
"Too much," I ask.
"No, just very detailed. It's pretty hot, though."
"Well, it's my ultimate fantasy. I think about it often."
"So I'm basically like a living sex doll that only gets fucked in the ass?"
"Kind of, I guess."
"Why the no touching myself? I mean, I'm not against it. Just wondering."
"I like seeing an untouched and neglected pussy during sex sometimes -- something about the restraint for a woman to not touch her clit. It's always been very hot to me. I'm not really sure where it came from. I very much love watching a girl cum over and over by getting eaten out and girls getting creampied in her pussy as well. It just goes back and forth."
"I like the seedy dirty motel part. It's kinky. Same with the multiple facials. All of it is, but those stood out."
"Not the fact that you would be completely nude the whole time, including in a car for a while?"
"Well, I have no issues being nude. I am very comfortable in my own skin and like my body. Plus it would be late and dark. I also enjoy some rough play as you may have noticed. So yeah, I'll give it some thought. I think it could potentially be fun, especially if it makes you extremely horny."
"You are simply amazing," I tell her before kissing her.
"I don't wear many clothes at home to be honest. Sometimes I'll just be wearing boy shorts and nothing else, sometimes just a shirt with nothing else, and I enjoy being completely naked sometimes too."
This woman can't possibly be any more perfect for me. "This may shock you, but I completely support that," I say with little smile.
"I bet you do," she says with a snicker before kissing me.
"Since I only wear crotchless briefs or nothing at all, when I am home I have just them on, briefs and a shirt, or am naked. I don't know why, but I like seeing my dick out all day and sometimes edge for long periods or very lightly touch myself throughout the day."
"Well, this may shock you, but I completely support that," she says with another smile.
"Once in a while I'll see how long I can go without putting on any clothes. Since I don't have any pets or many responsibilities, and prefer to be home most of the time, I can go days. My record is one week straight."
"You stayed naked for a full week?"
"Yup. I planned it all out. I made sure I had all the food I needed and everything like that as well as taking out my trash the second before I got nude. I made sure to only eat foods that would not stink up my garbage can too bad so I wouldn't be forced to end it early. I didn't have any plans or obligations and decided to try one full week and did it. I even made sure to not have any kind of packages delivered. I thought of everything that I could control."
"Wow, that's amazing. You didn't get bored?"
"No. Since I love TV and movies I just binge watched so much stuff. Plus it was exciting to me to see how long I can go and I got hornier and hornier along the way. There was so much jerking off."
"What about work?"
"Since I work from home it was easy. All meetings are audio only. My co-workers had no idea I was naked the whole time I was talking to them. I would actually jerk off or edge slowly during meetings to make them more fun. I still do that once in a while after I found it makes meetings not as awful as most are."
"I love that."
"I didn't wear a single thing. No socks, no watch, nothing. I was completely nude for the full seven days. Actually it was about seven days and a few hours. Eventually I had to take out my garbage as my place started stinking to the point where air freshener wasn't helping and I decided it had been long enough. When it came time to put on clothes I was very hesitant. I just kept looking at my naked body and got sad that it was ending. When I put on boxers for the first time in a week it felt kind of odd. After I threw on a shirt and shorts I felt like I had a ton of clothes on."
"I bet. I have had days where I stayed naked after waking up until I had to go somewhere, but never a full day. Maybe something to try sometime."
"I would not be opposed." She smiles at me.
"I also once went two months straight without wearing any kind of underwear. Not one pair the whole time. I just wanted to see if I could do for a month and after that passed I figured I'd see how long I could go for. After two months I missed my crotchless boxers and how they gave a little snugness around my dick."
"You are something else Zack. Freaky and I love it."
"Same to you. I think we're going to have a lot of fun together."
"I can't wait."
"Ok, your turn. What's your ultimate fantasy?"
"Ok. This is my deepest darkest secret that I've never told anyone. Not even my best girlfriends."
"I'm honored."
"I can't believe I'm gonna say this out loud. Promise you won't judge?"
"I told you earlier -- never. I want you to be able to tell me any single thing. Don't ever hold anything back."
"Ok. I want to be led into a room blindfolded. When in the room I want to be undressed very slowly until I am left in some bondage rope or cupless/crotchless lingerie, stockings, and stilettos that I will have on. By the way, I love wearing that kind of stuff under my clothes sometimes, especially at work. It makes me feel sexy."
"I bet."
"I want the blindfold and everything else left on and to be led to a bed or whatever is in the room to have sex on. I want to be eaten out in a very slow teasing manner, having my clit barely touched and only lightly grazed for a while before it's licked faster and faster until I cum. I then want to have very slow passionate sex in missionary while getting lightly kissed all over my body. After a while I want the sex to turn a little rougher with some spanking, light slapping, and some hair pulling in doggystyle. After a good amount of time of sex in every position, when getting fucked from behind with my hair being pulled back, I want the blindfold ripped off and to see that a bunch of people have been watching the whole time. I guess I will know they are there as it will be obvious once we begin this, but I will try to forget and I won't see or hear them while getting fucked. I want them to be complete strangers. I want them to watch me, and for me to look into their faces, as you cum in my pussy. I will then kneel down on the ground."
She pauses and looks at me. I just nod.
"When kneeling down I want all of the guys that watched to make their way to me and jerk off until they all cum all over me as your cum leaks out of me onto the floor. Like 10 or more guys, maybe even 20. I want to be completely covered from head to toe. I will get dressed, leaving the cum all over me, go home, shower, and would like for you and I to have very gentle passionate sex before falling asleep in each other's arms. It's not as detailed as yours, but that is something I think about often. I'm sure I'll think of more specific things to add in."
I look at her and cannot believe how amazing this woman is. She just shared something that most would be embarrassed to share. "Wow. It seems we both like you having lots of cum on yourself. I cannot wait to help you with that."
"You don't mind the part about it being from a bunch of strangers?"
"Not at all. You will find out that I am not a jealous person. In fact, some other fantasies I have are threesomes, with both another guy and another girl, and to watch you get fucked by other guys if that is something you would be open to. I enjoy watching bukkake videos and would love to watch you get covered, especially if it will turn you on. I'm not blowing smoke here. I mean it. If something turns you on I would love for you to tell me about it so we can do it. If it doesn't involve crap we will make it happen."
"How the hell are you single," she asks me.
I shrug. "I don't really try too hard as I didn't think someone out there wants what I want. And to echo what you said earlier I don't want to get rejected due to my kinks so it's easier to not put myself in a situation where I might be. I am so glad I was wrong about you not being out there."
"Me too."
"So what kind of porn do you watch? What's your favorite?"
"Well, that's tough. It changes, but for a while now the stuff I find myself watching more of is when girls walk around in public completely naked, anal only, and sloppy blowjobs where the girl deep throats and rubs the dick and spit all over her face during it."
"I wonder where your fantasy came from," Emily jokes. "I've seen the naked walking in public stuff. Those girls must have the zero concern for getting in trouble and have no insecurities, but it's fun to watch people's reactions to it. I'm not sure if I could ever do something like that. The anal only stuff I get, especially for a guy. I enjoy watching a girl take it in her ass too. The cock rubbing on the face thing is dirty and hot."
She didn't say public nudity was off the table, I think to myself. Only that she's not sure. Man, I hope one day she is open to doing it.
"I hope the reason for not being sure if you could do it is nothing about insecurities, because, well, look at you."
"I'm not full of myself, but I know I'm attractive and have a nice body. I exercise a lot and eat very healthy. It's not about that for me. And like I said I have no issues being nude. I actually like showing off a little to strangers sometimes and to be seen. The main things I think about are getting in trouble or for my family to somehow see it. I know that part shouldn't be too much of a worry as my parents can barely use a computer, but you never know. Someone may come across a picture or video someone took and share and then down the line it gets seen by someone that knows or recognizes me and so on. I also don't know if I want a bunch of people seeing me nude. I won't rule it out though."
"I definitely understand the getting caught part. Most of the stuff I see is with girls in Europe, in places where there are probably no consequences for that. I also completely understand people you know seeing it. I am not as comfortable with my body as much as you are and I would be mortified if a friend or family saw something of me walking around naked outside. I just enjoy watching a completely nude girl walking in a sea of clothed people."
"It's hot, but pretty crazy."
"When you say you like to show off to strangers sometimes what does that mean?"
"Sometimes I'll wear very short dresses with no panties and bend over in random places, hoping someone sees a little bit. Or sometimes I'll wear a loose fitting shirt with no bra and lean down so people see my tits while I act oblivious. I also sometimes wear low rise jeans with no panties and squat in public places so my butt sticks out. It turns me on sometimes to know people see my body and maybe masturbate to it later."
"You miss might be an exhibitionist."
"Kind of, I guess. Just a little though. Showing a little nipple, butt crack, or a small part of my pussy is different than walking around outside completely naked. Plus I can claim ignorance with the subtle flashing."
"Do you think there are pictures out there of you doing that stuff?"
"You know....I never thought about that." She is staring into space and thinking. "The more I think about it, it's kind of hot actually, someone having a pic of down my shirt or of my ass. I hope they enjoy it and pleasure themselves to it if they do have one."
"I'm sure they do. How about you? What is your favorite porn to watch?"
"Lately I've really been into girls getting DPd, bukkake, hence my fantasy, and amateur threesomes, or more amateur stuff in general. I just find it hotter than the directed stuff."
"I very much enjoy those too, especially DPs."
"There's just something about watching a girl sandwiched between two guys getting pleased in both holes and being the center of attention. I also enjoy watching lesbian porn."
"Yeah, me too."
She laughs. "Shocker."
"Have you ever had a threesome?"
"Twice. Both were with a different guy I was with at the time and both were with another girl. The first one was a little awkward but fun and the second one was great. I don't think of myself as bisexual, but I did really enjoy touching and being touched by another woman. I would definitely do it again. I don't sexuality is black and white. There's a lot of gray."
"How Kinsey of you."
A serious expression comes across her face. "You did not just say that. Are you serious right now? I love reading about him and his work. It's crazy that you just brought that up."
"I share his beliefs. Do I love having sex with women and is almost all of the porn I watch based around a woman or women? Yes. Once in a while, though, I will watch and see a guy and think damn, he's very attractive. Sometimes I'll see a dick and wonder what it would feel like in my ass or mouth." As I am talking about this I get hard again. Emily sees and immediately climbs on top of me, guiding me into her pussy as she gets into position. She takes me in until she is resting on my balls and moans when I am fully inside of her. She begins to fuck me hard and fast. She is in her own world fucking me for a couple of minutes, eyes closed, before she lets out a very loud moan. She lies down on my chest with her mouth right next to my ear as her orgasm rips through her body. I don't say a word or move an inch while I listen to her breathe fast and remain still as her breathing gets slower and slower.
"Sorry, that just got me so horny."
"Sorry? That was fucking great. I'm here for that anytime you need it." She leans up a little, smiles, and kisses me before lying back down.
"Would you really fuck another guy?"
"I would definitely consider the right one in the right situation."
"Watching two guys have sex has never really done anything for me, but you talking about it like this really got me going."
"Well maybe we can do something about that someday."
"Your turn again." She moves down and takes my dick into her mouth. After a bit of sucking she deep throats me for a while. When she pulls away she rubs my dick all over her face, spit going all over it first. She even grabs the base and lightly smacks her face with it. This girl knows what she's doing.
"Like that?"
I nod my head while watching.
She smiles and repeats this for a while with saliva building up on her face. "I'm gonna cum."
As I cum she deep throats me. My cum goes straight into her throat. When I finish she lifts up, moves up to my face, lies on my chest, and stares at me with her face about a foot from mine. She lets the saliva and cum dangle from her mouth and face into my mouth before kissing me very sloppily.
She pulls away and looks at me. "I can't wait to do all the things with you."
"Neither can I."