Two large, muscular guards - certainly large enough to manhandle my petite frame - lead me out into a field where all the villagers were standing in rows. They stared at me hungrily like salivating wolves ready to devour helpless prey.
"Thank you, Thomas and Eddard," said the preacher. He stood at the front of the crowd, clutching a book. It looked like a weapon, and one that the preacher carried with fear that it would go off. It certainly looked heavy. He turned to the crowd. "This woman stands before us accused of the crime of lustful thoughts. She has invaded our village with the aim of corrupting us to her wicked and sinful ways."
I looked over the crowd myself. Many of them were tan and rugged from working out in the fields every day of their lives. Many of them were shirtless, revealing ripped muscles. Thomas and Eddard had simply been some of the more muscular among them. I felt them grip tightly as their fellow villagers' eyes were locked on me.
"Confess, woman! Confess that you came here to corrupt our puritan ways with your deviancy!"
"Alright, I admit it!" I declared boldly. "I am here to fuck your husbands and your wives! I am here to debase you all! I wish to suck every dick and touch every breast! I am horny and here to fuck!" The best part about this confession is that, give or take some melodramatic delivery, it was all true. As soon as I'd heard about what this village did to 'sexual deviants', I had set course for it immediately.
The villagers made scandalised gasps and cries. They sounded so innocent. "Very well, then!" cried out the preacher, thumping his book. "Let's give this harlot what she wants! Erica and Daniel, come forward and strip this woman naked!"
Erica and Daniel stepped forward from the crowd. Thomas and Eddard lifted my wrists above my head; I made a show of struggling, and they simply gripped tighter. I was completely powerless to prevent what was happening. I was wearing a faded salmon business shirt, and Daniel tore it open, sending buttons flying everywhere and revealing my simple white bra. Using a knife, he cut the shirt until all the pieces fell to the ground. As he did this, Erica undid my belt and pushed my jeans to the ground, pulling them off my feet.
This was when trepidation started to enter me. I had never done anything like this before. In some ways, I was as innocent as the villagers. With my white bra and panties on, I still had some of my dignity. I could beg them for mercy, hope that my sincere cries would cause them to take pity on me, and let me leave with some of my innocence intact.
I opened my mouth to speak, and then two things happened at once. Daniel cut my bra with his knife, freeing my breasts, and Erica pulled my panties down. I was exposed. Naked. Vulnerable. A village full of eyes were looking over my entire body, drinking in every inch of my flesh. By stripping me of my clothes, they had stripped me of my dignity. I was now a sexual object, existing to be fucked and sucked.
I had never been more turned on. Every pair of eyes looking upon my naked body only filled me with more lust. Absorbing their contempt for me only turned me on more. The humiliation of submitting to their power aroused me. Thomas and Eddard held my hands above my head, stopping me from covering my breasts and pussy. They were strong and I was weak and there was nothing I could do about that. I ached to touch myself in front of all these people.
It was then that Erica and David started touching me. Erica shoved her fingers in me and I gasped. She teased my clit, flooding my body with satisfaction. My hips started gyrating on their own, following the orgasms moving through my body. Meanwhile, David sucked and licked my breasts as he roughly pawed my body. I grunted and groaned and laughed because it felt like the only way to relieve the pressure of all the pleasure building up in my body.
"Put her on her knees," said David. Thomas and Eddard pushed me to the ground and I scraped my knee a little. I could be pushed around like that. David pushed he breeches down and pulled out his cock. It flopped big and pink. He pushed it to my mouth and I accepted it greedily. I sucked and licked and kissed it happily, and I listened to him groan. I could give sexual pleasure just as easily as I could take it. When he came, I looked up at him and swallowed his cum.
"My turn," said Thomas. He flipped me over easily, pulled down his own breeches, and entered me. He was rough and awkward, having no idea what he was doing. I felt like an expert in the presence of an amateur. This man dared to think he was worth me? I let him have his fun and move on. This started a chain of villagers taking turns with me. Some of them were good, some of them were rough, some of them were gentle, some of them were gone in under a minute. I was sex itself. I had submitted to a town. I was spent, used, emptied.
They made me march out of town naked. As I walked down that empty road, feeling the breeze kissing my naked body and dodging the bigger rocks, I reflected on my experience. Some of this involved finding a spot on the grass to masturbate. I came to a decision: the first person who picked me up, I would fuck.