Author Note:
This story presents some Mexican characters who have very briefly stated opinions about their Northern neighbor which are told from their point of view. I tell stories from the minds of my characters, which means they are often limited perspective, sometimes with subtle hints that a wider narrative exists, but not always. The story makes no attempt to add a character who has a counter point of view because it takes place where it takes place. Readers wanting a counter point of view will see that in volume five which will mostly take place in that Northern country.
This is meant to be a shared universe. Once I figure out how, I will put out guidelines to contribute. For now ask me in a message if you wish to know. All stories should have the tag: nagf so they can be found on literotica (stands for naked alien girlfriend).
The explicit erotica is lesser in this tale than in other stories in this universe, as First Contact is the story that sets the stage for the universe, and introduces my main protagonist, before her more explicit adventures begin.
---
Deja que yo te busque y si te encuentro
Y si te encuentro vuelve otra vez
The young historian leaned back into the wicker chair on the balcony of a quaint but large home in the small tropical coastal town as naked people strolled by in the street below and a shuttle descended in the distance. From the look of him I knew he was still a student. I was his thesis. He was just a little older than my granddaughter, who's nude photo he had been admiring before we'd sat down. He in his wicker chair and me on my granite one. She was away at university, or I would have introduced them.
He waved a strand of blue hair out of his eyes as he glanced over to me, a nude old woman relaxing in a granite chair, though I still looked not a day over twenty, and asked; "Tell me your story. We've collected so many official accounts, but I was surprised to find that in all the archives and records, no one has ever taken the story of First Contact from you, despite your role in everything."
And so I began to recount the tale, with a little AI help where my memory was rough; but we do as we can.
I remember the day my parents went away. We had a funeral for them out in the park, and then Teacher walked me home and put me to bed. It was a strange day, none of my friends were there. Just Teacher.
The next time I woke up, I was a year older, and I came to realize that my parents had actually passed away millions of years ago, long before I had been born. It was time for me to begin learning the truth, and my purpose.
Slowly I learned history, math, biology, poetry, and so many other subjects. I discovered I loved to paint and watching romantic movies that in time I learned had been made eons ago before the world had died.
When I was old enough, I was told we were the last of humanity, floating through space on a giant colony ship towards a star people believed might have a planet that could support life. A fleet of seed ships had been sent in different directions, all there had been time for. The odds were most of them would find nothing but lifeless solar systems, but if even one made it to a new world, humanity would endure.
In the end, as those with power played games for wealth and status, the world burned in a climate disaster. When we were sent away, the very atmosphere itself was in the process of burning away as the Sun itself started to die.
We were sent as frozen embryos; products of the last and desperate, randomly mixed with others for as much genetic diversity as possible. Half morbid eugenics, half lottery. The Arks of the wealthy and powerful having left long before ours. By the time I was born, Earth had long since become just another cold dead rock in the vast emptiness of space.
But also by that time; we had already arrived. It was a star not unlike our dear departed Sol. with a planet almost the same size, full of water and lush green forests. Full of life.
Or at least it had been. In the millions of years since we had left, flying as close to light speed as we could, life on this new planet had evolved. Intelligent life had thrived, built a vast civilization full of many cultures, much history. Love and conflict together had shaped the people we would now have to appeal to. But they were also dangerously down the path to the same crisis we had been too slow to conquer.
There was no other choice. The ark ship had no ability to go any further. Teacher; our great AI nanny, was just a complex algorithm with a mission to fulfill. Not a true mind of her own, she only had two choices to pick between.
Sleep, and wait for the aliens below to burn out their candle, hoping the planet was still habitable after their extinction, or contact, pray for peace, and teach them how to overcome the disaster.
That I had finally been born was testament to the choice for contact. At least limited. The Ark was hidden behind a distant gas giant at the far end of the system, and a small number of us had been birthed. A mere hundred thousand. An even smaller number were sent to make Contact in waves. If successful we would be able to form families and await our brothers and sisters in the next generation. If not, most of us were to be held back, to produce new embryos before going to sleep, never to wake again.
So with that heavy burden, that the lives of so many people were on my shoulders, I and four of my sisters were put in a small ship as the First Contact, sent to land in an urban center with a lot of exposure. The plan was to ensure the whole world below us knew we were there, and gauge the reaction as we plead for refuge. I felt wholly unready and incompetent for the task.
At this point I was still in the dream, the reality simulation that had been my whole life up till now. I had just hit the age for an adult woman back on Earth. This new world passed it's star much slower, so by their standards I would have only two thirds as many years to me, twenty of their cycles.
Teacher explained that many of our sensors had been lost in the long dark of space, that we did not know what kind of alien lived on the planet below. We could sense the chemistry of the planet, and tell that just like us, they lit up their night sky with electric lights, but we had been unable to decode their broadcasts, and I had not even a camera to see outside.
I was scared out of my wits, but I was chosen. Humanity's last hope rested on me. The AI had picked me to be the first one out the door, simply because it felt my love of romance might make me less aggressive. I was not even a scientist, diplomat, or soldier. Just an artist by temperament alone. Not the smartest way to pick a leader I guess, but no one had any experience in this. Who was I to say?
We were all seated in a plain white room, looking at each other with a mix of fear and excitement.
"What do you think's out there?" A girl to my left asked.
"I just hope they're friendly," I offered. "I... I want to keep living."
"What if they have tentacles and want to probe us?" Another girl let out with a grin.
"Ew gross, you watch too much porn," the one next to her stated as she leaned away.
I realized I didn't know their names. Then I realized I didn't know my own name. I turned and looked at Teacher, asking "What's my name?"
"That's funny, I don't know my name either," the last girl, sitting on my right, blurted out.
"Time for that later dear, we're almost through the atmosphere," Teacher said.
"It doesn't feel like we're in planetfall," the girl to my left said. "I studied this, shouldn't we be shaking and isn't it supposed to get hot?"
"You are dear, or at least your real bodies are. It might hurt at first when you wake from the Dream, but everyone's doing well..."
Suddenly the girl across from me that had been grossed out by porn vanished. "Correction..." Teacher calmly noted.
"What's happening?!" I demanded.
"Her pod is... damaged," Teacher stated in a neutral tone, then paused. "She'll be OK, but I will wake her after the rest of you."
Suddenly I was terrified. Teacher had run this as a simulation billions of times over millions of years, purposefully failing planetfalls over and over so that she had plans for every inconvenience. We trusted her, but I also knew this was the first time it had been done for real since before the Earth died. Even if the Ark had passed by some alien world on the way here, it just didn't have the resources for test runs.
Everything faded out, and then a moment later there was a slight hissing sound and I felt cool air as my eyes began to open. My face was wet with tears, my body had reacted to my fear as we'd descended. A voice, not unlike but not identical to Teacher spoke from all around me, "Welcome to your real flesh and blood body, please exit the pod slowly, and be careful to get your balance. Local gravity is identical to Earth, so will match the simulation you were raised with."
I stumbled forward, using a hand rail on the side of the pod to keep myself steady. I was naked, which was expected. I looked around us. We were in a large round room with displays all around showing either static or ship diagnostics. In the center a rounded hip high counter sat, with projectors above it in a ring broadcasting a hologram of teacher onto the counter top. Our pods were on one side of the room in a semi circle, designed as angled thigh high beds we could easily lie down in. A number of consoles and displays attached to and ringing around each of them. On the opposite side of the room was a sliding double doorway we knew to be the exit. It was designed to automatically open, with an emergency manual release if needed. If that door was the '12 O'clock' then we would be at '6' and at '9 there was a passage to the side rooms for body waste and hygiene, and at '3' I was expecting to see clothing and personal kit lockers, however the area was empty.
"Where is the clothing locker?" I asked.
"Our stores of fibers and other materials for making clothing were lost in an asteroid strike... 1,327,243 cycles ago" Teacher calmly declared, as if this was not an important fact. "Your personal survey equipment was lost in the same impact, so you will have to resort to more primitive examination methods as per training." She meant we would just have to put our fingers in the mud and see what it felt like.
"Don't we have a whole botany pod with plants and trees to grow materials from? Don't we have bots that can make clothes, and even oils to make plastics?" a girl I recognized as the 'girl who had been to my left' asked.
"The Asteroid strike destroyed a lot of ship systems. We have been limping along, for some time," Teacher flatly stated. "We have seed vaults, DNA records, and embryos of some fauna; but these would take decades to deploy up to capacity and could be detrimental to their local counter parts."
"So..." tentacle Porn-girl offered. We really needed names.
"I have been improvising to the edges of my programmed capacity. However as you were taught; this is our only chance. We don't have supplies to sustain population in space. If you five should fail, I will have to..."
"We will all have funerals, and you will shut down, praying the planet can be occupied with the next batch to be born once it's original inhabitants burn themselves out," I said.
"Prayer is outside my programmed capacity. As noted," Teacher interjected. "You can't return to the Dream in full, I can let you see it, but the disconnect was one way. You would just be... ghosts... at your funerals. Unable to say goodbye."
Porn-girl sobbed, trying to look brave I guessed, holding back a desire to cry. She wasn't alone, my emotions were stronger than I'd ever felt before, and I was having trouble containing them.
"So um... we're gonna stroll out there naked like this, into a sea of whatever people we've set down in front of?" Left-sitting girl said.
"Yeah, we did land in the middle of an urban center right?" Right-sitting girl said.
"Well they're aliens, it's not like they'll look anything at all like us," I said. "That's statistically impossible."
"Yeah," Porn-girl said. "They probably won't even be anything fun like a tentacle porn monster."
"Seriously one track mind there girl," Left-sitting girl said.
"I'm feeling so horny right now too," Porn-girl said. "Like, it's really weird. I've never felt this much before."
"Your emotions have been somewhat tempered in the Dream," Teacher said. "You will find short term emotions to be quite intense. I'm sorry I didn't prepare you for that, my instructions prevented it."
"That's weird, why would our parents do that?" Right-sitter glanced at Porn-girl, who was starting to visibly dampen between her legs.
Porn-girl clamped her legs shut. "This is so embarrassing, at least the aliens won't know what it means. I mean, they'll probably have three heads, shells, and radar instead of eyes or something."
"I think they wanted us to um... fuck like..." Left-sitter started.
"Repopulate as fast as possible," I interrupted. "Yeah, and I guess that means leaving us a little hyper emotional. Be careful around the Aliens, we don't want to set them off."
"Well how am I going to... repopulate... if Teacher won't send any men down with us. I'm ready to repopulate all over three guys right now," Porn-girl said, sliding a hand between her legs.
I glanced over at the last pod, where I guessed 'grossed out' girl was. The glass was cracked and there was blood on the other side of it. "She going to be OK?" I asked. Something seemed wrong about that crack, but I put the thought aside for later.
"It's not as bad as it looks," Teacher's voice said. "ten percent blood loss from a glass shard, but I've already sealed the wound. Look for some water once you get out there, she'll be a little drained."
We had been instructed before leaving the Dream that the ship had food to last about 50 of the local days, after which we would need to figure something out with the local aliens.
The side rooms for handling bodily waste and the other for sponge baths would be useful in case a local water supply was not clean enough. Left-sitter went and inspected the food supplies, while I inspected the toilet and bathing areas.
"Our food looks good," Left-sitter said, "but we'll need a native source soon. This stuff looks like it wasn't made with flavor in mind. I really hope the aliens have good cuisine that we can digest."
"Why did the Dream spend thirty cycles giving me wonderful home cooked meals and them dump me out to bland nutrition packs?" Porn-girl said with a shrug.
"Learning Earth culture is vital to creating a comfortable new civilization," Teacher noted.
"The toilet looks to be working, and the bathing area looks like it will last us a half-cycle," I said.
"How long is that by the local star?" Porn-girl asked.
"The planet goes around the local star once every two-thirds of a cycle," Teacher's voice noted. "For reference, each of you has spent thirty cycles in the Dream, while your bodies grew to adulthood."
"So we're twenty local cycles in age," Porn-girl declared.
"Why don't we have any weapons?" Right-sitting girl asked, looking around.
"You need to make peaceful contact," Teacher's voice said.
"We're sacrificial diplomacy," I said.
"So..." Right-sitting continued.
"We make peace, or we fail and get abandoned," Porn-girl said.
"Exactly," Teacher's voice said. "I'm glad we know the parameters. Now, if everyone is ready make your way down to the door, go either way when you exit. It wraps around to another door and that is the exit. Once you are all inside the green square, the door will open and a stairwell will descend if necessary. My external camera appears to have broken off during re-entry," Teacher's voice said.
"How is... even... like, come on..." Left-sitting girl rolled her eyes.
"My apologies," Teacher's voice offered. "I miscalculated the local fauna. A small flying animal of some kind collided with us. She displayed some footage of the final descent. The camera coming out now that the burn was done, it panned around showing clear blue skies, then down to a city below where it looked like mechanical objects were moving around. Small dots that... weirdly... almost seemed like they could be people, were stopping in place as we became obvious. Then there was a knock, the camera shook and filled with something gory and feathered, before turning to static.
"I will have recharged sufficient power to deploy surveillance drones in 5 local days, but as we are in an urban area it would be unwise to wait too long," Teacher added. "If I recycle the biomass of the injured crew member and 2 others, I may be able to regain enough power sooner."
"Lets... not take that option," I stated. Sure waiting might be sound, but not if the locals started trying to break their way in. Waiting too long would give them time to be more paranoid and have a hostile reception ready. And I was not going to let Teacher 'recycle' some of us.
"Is it just me or did that look like a bird, only the color was really strange," Porn-girl said.
"Yeah," I said. "Well if you're gonna fly there's only so many shapes you can take I guess. And how is it that we have technology to cross the void of space and yet can't avoid a small local animal?"
"It does seem a little too convenient," Right-sitter whispered to me.
"I don't think I'm so horny now," Porn-girl said. "That was seriously disturbing. Poor creature. We land from out of space and the first thing we do is kill some helpless little animal." She was starting to cry. Our emotions must be on hyper drive if she could flip states so fast.
"Right, now or never girls," Right-sitting girl stated. "Hope we're still alive in an hour, if not, see you on the other side." She marched to the door and went... left.
Left sitting girl went right, of course. Because now I'm gonna really need names for us all. I got to the door and went left, wondering just why this pod was made in so silly a fashion. Before I left I glanced back at our still sleeping sister.
Soon enough we were all gathered in the green square. Nothing happened. "Um, Teacher?" I said.
"Don't tell me," Left-sitter said. "It triggers when five of us are here, and Teacher didn't think to change the setting."
Porn-girl stamped her feet. She'd cycled emotions again and had a scowl on her face as she rolled her eyes. I wondered why it was even more intense for her than the rest of us.
"I'm... almost... there..." a weak voice called from back behind as the last of our number came stumbling over. "Sorry, Teacher just woke me as you were leaving and told me to go out here. Is it, is it happening?"
I looked her over, she had a mark over her belly where the cut had been cauterized, and lacking anything to clean up with, there was drying blood around it pooling sideways to her back as she had been lying down when it happened. "You OK?" I asked, looking at her scrunched up tearful expression.
"I think so, but I'll try to stay out of sight so I don't scare the locals," she said. Gross out girl was in fact, actually a bit gross with her injury.
"No, better idea. We need sympathy and fast. Stand in front of me and stagger a little when the door opens," I said "Hopefully something out there will want to help you."
"Or eat me," she said. "Wounded prey, easy pickings."
"Well at least then you'll suffer the least of us," Porn-girl offered by way of support.
"Um... Teacher didn't explain, but... why are we all naked?" Gross-girl asked.
"Well," I started, but she had stepped into the green square when she spoke, so I was interrupted as the door slid down and open.
I was very grateful that it went down and not up, or whatever was out there would have gotten a full look at my naked body first. I'd barely had a chance to see it myself. I could see that like all my sisters I was bare of any pubic hair, and we had a decent variety in breast size with me coming in right around the middle of the group. Left-sitter was the busty one, and 'Porn-girl' was the smallest but also perkiest.
We all had shoulder length hair except for Right-sitter, who seemed to have her hair spiking up in very frizzy curls. She was the darkest skinned of us too, and I was sort of a light medium tone while 'Porn-girl' was the lightest in tone. Left-sitter had a large round butt, and I was right after her in that department, but mine was 'tighter' in the curve. Otherwise, we all had a bit of tone to us as if our real bodies had been worked to match the exercise we'd been doing for years in The Dream.
In The Dream, I knew I at least had had a regular gymnastics and swimming routine. And when I'd been paired with other girls, none of whom were here today that I could remember, we'd played a game of bouncing a ball over a net.
It was at this moment, as the door came down, and I was realizing how naked I was, and as I laid eyes on the first alien that had been moving up the landing stairwell, that while I had been given lessons on them many times; I had never actually met a boy before.
Until now.
It was really strange and my first instinct was to cover my boobs with one hand and my crotch with the other. Standing there, right in front of me, was a boy. He almost looked human.
If it wasn't for the fact that he, and every other alien out there, had skin ranging from pink to brown, and that his hair was a light brown rather than a normal color like my violet locks, and his eyes also. If not for that I'd have sworn he was human. Well, his ears were stunted with no points, and his pupils were strangely round. But yeah; otherwise he looked human.
But why was he sort of a tan color, instead of somewhere between green to blue? And why was the grass under where we landed green, rather than pink? Even the trees were green, the ones that should have been purple or magenta.
Looking at my first real male in my life and not a diagram from biology class, I suddenly realized I was feeling damp between my legs.
"What?" Left-sitter said. "It's almost like we're back on Earth, but the colors are all wrong."
"Look, there's only one moon," Porn-girl said. "This is not Earth, it's like some kind of..."
"Parallel evolution?" I said. "Teacher said that in all the vastness of space there's a chance that two worlds might evolve so similar that things would look almost the same. But the odds of us landing on one are just too slim... a statistical impossibility."
Gross-girl played her part with a little stagger, but I'm not really sure she was acting. I was worried Teacher pulled her out early just to hope for a reaction.
And it worked.
"Sejiwokk! Hnat, fni tki desretrenin lel tcha kor?" An older female standing behind the boy said, and then moved forward and caught a slumping 'Gross-girl'.
The boy just let his jaw drop, as his eyes were doing a rapid dance between our boobs and pussies. "Aza gah!" he said in a way that could only mean some version of 'check out the naked girls.'
There were a bunch of people behind them, and I realized some in the back had uniforms and seemed to be holding weapons.
The woman supporting Gross-girl said "Hin debasi, hin debasi," and poked the boy in the shoulder as she rolled her alien brown eyes.
The boy, dressed in pants, t-shirt, and a light open sweater quickly removed his sweater and handed it over to Left-sitter, who was closest to him. Several people in the crowd below started removing outer layers of clothes.
Left-sitter quickly wrapped the sweater around herself and crouched into it. Then she screamed, and fell over shaking. "Get it off her!" I yelled as I pulled at the sweater aided by Porn-girl.
We got it off and I noticed that as I was holding it my hand started to itch, a lot. "Get everyone back inside," Right-sitter said.
I gestured to the two aliens with us, and made to start picking up Left-sitter. The boy got the idea and helped me. Another two aliens followed us in. One of them was a tall, muscular male in a uniform, with a hand on what I guessed was a sheathed weapon. The other was a second boy, helping the alien woman with Gross-girl.
They were all rapid fire talking to each other in their language and it seemed like the woman was trying to calm the armed male down. As we pulled back I noticed a second uniformed alien, this one a female, made herself a guard at the door, which did not close as we moved inside.
"Well, that was a smooth first contact," I said.
"Put the alien garment on the table," the voice of Teacher said as a flat small table sized platform slid out of a wall, causing the boy who'd given over the garment to jump in surprise. The armed male was staring at the pod that Gross-girl had been in, the one that had broken glass and blood on it. He looked to be smart enough to be figuring out the basics of our situation. As I turned away I noticed him glancing up to the opposite side of the room at a light fixture near the ceiling.
I put the sweater down and a transparent cover slid over it and sealed it inside, then the chamber it was in hummed, filled with gas and lights. "It appears you are highly allergic to whatever this is made of," Teacher's voice said. "I will keep looking at the data, but I have enough to be able to return it to them. I believe it's a composite of artificial and plant fibers and... animal hair from a non-predator species."
"If we're allergic to everything on this planet, we wont' be able to survive," Porn-girl said.
Gross-girl began sobbing, then crying. The alien woman hugged her. "We're going to die aren't we? After all of this, and we've only just gotten our real bodies, and we're all going to die."
"Humanity can't end like this," I said. I stepped forward. Gross-girl was OK being hugged by one of these aliens. I noticed the alien was carefully keeping a distance between Gross-girl and the alien's clothing. She seemed to be the smart one, and had figured things out even without Teacher explaining it to her. The boy in front of me only had a t-shirt on, his arms were exposed.
I grabbed his hand and lifted it up. The armed male pulled out his weapon and pointed it at me, yelling something alien at me. The boy looked terrified, but a bulge in his pants also said he was very interested. The other boy took a step forward towards me. The female alien let one hand loose from Gross-girl and held it up with the palm pointing towards the large male and yelled a single short alien word. He froze and glanced between us.
So... I grabbed the boy's arm. He looked to be my age, as did the other boy. So they were young adults, roughly 30 cycles. A man really, not a boy. "Only one way to be sure," I said, as I put his hand the one place I knew he'd have a lot of trouble wanting to remove it from; over one of my tits. I'm sure he would have preferred my crotch, but that was a bit much, and might have spooked him if he was at all like a human male.
"I think I'm OK," I said. The other young male looked at my crotch and said something. The wetness I felt down there didn't need any translation. "Maybe I'm too OK," I added. Porn-girl giggled, then the boy looking at my crotch started to laugh. Next thing I knew all of us, human and alien alike were laughing. But the first boy still had his hands on my tit and he and I looked at each other as he discovered my hard nipples poking his palm. His tan face turned a red shade, which I guess was their version of a blush as he quickly moved his hand back and stepped away. The other young male said something with a laugh, to which the armed male joined in as he holstered his weapon and slapped the boy who'd had my boob on the back.
"We can touch them, but not their clothes?" Left-sitter said. She seemed to be recovering, but her skin had a bright green welt over it. "That makes no sense."
"You're specifically allergic to these compounds," the voice of Teacher said. A display appeared in the room around us. All of the aliens bounced back and the male had a hand on his weapon again.
"Teacher be careful, we don't want to spook them," I said.
"Apologies, but this here, these molecules are reacting with this part of your DNA," the voice of Teacher said.
"I remember this from biology," Right-sitter said. "That's what determines our sex, boys have a QT, and we have QQ."
"Exactly," Teacher said. "It looks like the bond holding double QQ together more or less sees these molecules as mildly acidic."
"So, this problem won't affect boys?" I asked.
"No, once we start bringing down males, they will be able to wear local clothing," Teacher said.
"Oh they're going to love that," Porn-girl said. And I guess she was the expert on kink. "We're going to be living in some low-budget amateur porn flick."
"You can probably hug one of them for a brief period. It will itch, I believe less so if their wearing the plant-fibers than the animal or synthetic. But get them naked before any long term contact," Teacher said.
"Somehow I think their males will really like this," Porn-girl said, pointing at the crotch of the young male that touched me. He looked down and seemed to blush. Porn-girl put her hand over her mouth and did the same. If their anatomy was at all like a human; he had a raging hard-on. And, if their anatomy was at all human, ideas about what I could do with that hard-on were flooding my brain.
"Real subtle there girl," Right-sitter said, elbowing Porn-girl.
"I think we just found your tentacle," I said, glancing at Porn-girl.
"I think I really, really need to be abducted and probed right now," she said back.
"Well if this is a porn flick, could somebody please rewrite the script and give me a dress," I said.
The aliens were walking around the display now. The woman and the younger male that had not offered up a sweater where talking excitedly and gesturing at the hologram of a molecule. the younger male pulled a small device out of his pant's pocket. A screen lit up on it and after some fiddling he showed us the screen. It looked... weird. But kinda like a picture of a molecule.
"Molecule," I said, pointing at the hologram. "Molecule?" I repeated, pointing at his picture.
"gizdarar!" he said, pointing between the two.
"Teacher," Left-sitter began.
"Try again," the Voice of Teacher said.
"Molecule," Left-sitter said.
"Molecule," the alien boy said. All of the aliens looked at us in shock.
"I'm overlaying your speech," Teacher said. "Your brain is thinking molecule, but you are actually saying their alien word, and when you hear their word, I am sending the signal for the word molecule to your brains."
"That seems... invasive," Porn-girl, the one into sex with tentacles and alien proctologists, pointed out.
"It's the only way we can achieve rapid learning of their language. Let's hope this is a widely spoken dialect," Teacher said.
"Teacher, put up images of a male and female," I said. The hologram was replaced with an image of a nude male and female standing side by side.
I tried pointing to various things between the figures, my own body, and the aliens, and after a few minutes everybody had an idea of what a boy and girl were, what a hand was, and so on. And the alien boy who'd held my boob made sure to get the words for boob and nipple worked out.
After that I'd giggled, pointed to the right parts of the hologram, and soon we all knew pussy and dick. It seemed both languages had a lot of different words for those. And I gathered that 'tentacle' in his pants was just what I wanted it to be.
After a half hour of this, some more aliens filtered in and I noticed some very official sounding conversation going on between them and the large male. The young males were more or less ejected from the room but the older female held her ground, in part aided by Gross-girl not wanting to let go of her.
The new arrivals included two more in uniforms, a male and female, that looked even more official than the male, one more male with a long firearm, and a female with what I believe had to be a camera.
"They tried to keep that one out," Teacher informed us. "But she wrestled her way in." The hologram in the middle of the chamber was replaced by one of Teacher. She looked to me and pointed at a panel by the side of our pods. "Child, put your hand in the spot marked for it," Teacher said.
I did as instructed. There was a raised platform on the panel with a hand pattern marked out, and a little hole at the end of the index figure. A glass tube was below the hole.
It had been drilled into us our whole lives in the Dream to always do what Teacher said. "Ow!" I yelled out, pulling my hand back a little.
"Put your hand back, make sure the aliens are observing." She gestured for the aliens with a wave and they got the hint, several of them moving around me. Blood dripped from my finger into the glass tube. After a moment I felt a warmth on my finger and the bleeding stopped. The top of the tube was sealed off and it was dropped into a holder below. "Give that to one of the uniformed aliens, and try to get one of them to put their hand in there."
Oh great I thought, try to convince the locals to let me cut them for science. I took the tube and handed it over to an older female who had the most elaborate uniform. She took it from me while keeping all of us in her sight. "Teacher, why?" I asked.
"Better this than they start looking for one of you to dissect in a lab," Teacher stated. "And I need to know if their diseases can cross over before there's too much exposure. They probably have the same concern. Presently each of you has nanites in you handling the essentials of gut microbes and other micro-organisms that normally live in the human body. So they're not in any danger but need to learn this for themselves. In time we will need to replace the nanites with compatible organisms that will not cause a mass planetary extinction. However I first need to find out how at risk each of you is for their diseases."
"So if we're lucky, the local micro-organisms will work in our bodies," Right-sitter said.
"Exactly," Teacher said. "If not I have cultures on the Ark that I can re-introduce once I ensure they are safe for the locals."
Teacher tried to wave them over to the panel but none of the aliens seemed to understand. Gross-girl stood and started to stagger to the panel, holding the hand of the woman with her and using her other hand to point between them.
The older female uniform stood between them putting a hand on the shoulder of the woman with Gross-girl while saying a few short words in an authoritative tone. The woman shrugged her off and followed Gross-girl.
"Teacher, why don't we have names?" I asked.
"You never needed a designation before," Teacher said. "Shall I find suitable choices?"
I thought and said, "Not for me, I think it will be easier if I find a name the aliens can relate to."
"I want an Earth name," Right-sitter said. "To remember where I came from."
"Let me think about it a little," Left-sitter said.
The alien woman looked at the hand print diagram and then at me, then at the vial the Uniform that had tried to ward her off now held. She said something alien, shrugged her shoulders, and put her hand in place.
After a wince, blood began to drop out. Or I guessed it had to blood. It was the strangest thing, it was red, and not green. I wonder what chemical could possibly have made blood red. Still, after a few drops, her eyes got a little wider when I guessed the same warmth hit her, and the process with the vial was repeated. This time however, the vial and the entire platform it was on receded into the wall of the ship. The alien looked her finger over, which had stopped bleeding.
A hologram beside teacher popped up showing an image of me and one of the alien woman. Next to each was a DNA image. Mine was complete, and the alien's was slowly filling in.
"They are remarkably similar to us," Teacher's voice said. Here are some notable differences. The newly arrived woman with the camera angled her way around the Uniforms to apparently film the images. In the DNA points of divergence were being marked out. Teacher did it with simple images rather than any text, in the hope that the aliens would be able to quickly understand what they were seeing.
"Everything is both very similar, and yet completely different at the same time," I noted.
"Exactly. Parallel evolution. A concept very like DNA seems to work here, but the exact molecules used are all different. Sadly, I do not believe that, despite your near identical appearances, you will ever be inter-fertile," Teacher said.
"Is that a problem?" Left-sitter asked.
"It could complicate things, if they are like humans, a traditional way to resolve conflict would be through merging families. If you were to mate with one of their males, the resulting offspring would have been valued by both species," Teacher sighed. "But if we cannot cross that line, conflict will be inevitable, even if it takes centuries to happen. It's just human nature, and I suspect the nature of these aliens as well."
"So if they had been tentacle porn monsters or something?" Porn-girl started.
"Then I would have to educate all of you for an eventual plan of splitting apart. My instruction is that if a world is already inhabited, we become very good guests and look for some location to live apart, and prepare to move both us and them off-world at the first opportunity," Teacher said. "The similarity between species complicates things, I will begin analysis of a way to achieve fertility with them. I suspect failure, but the effort now seems highly valuable."
"Wouldn't that be the end of us, if we just bred into them?" Right-sitter asked.
"Every biological generation differs from the one before it. Mixing would just be a stronger case of that. One that also boosts genetic diversity on both sides. Far from ending you; it would achieve my purpose of ensuring Earth's legacy peacefully survives," Teacher opined.
The Uniforms were poking and prodding around the ship, looking for things to carry off I suspected. "Shouldn't we be stopping them?" I asked. The older female Uniform just stood by the central round console watching. Every now and then one of the other Uniforms would touch a device in it's ear and look at us with concern.
"There's no point," Teacher said. "Eventually they will get past all the defenses the ship had for moving through space, and there is nowhere left for us to go. In time our technology will be theirs. But even if they dismantle the ship, each of you has a connection to me implanted, and I have set up a few relays around the planet. For the next generation at least, you will not be alone."
"It's only a matter of time until they decode everything we're saying here," Right-sitter said.
The Uniforms were in fact talking and pointing at us whilst also examining the ship.
Right-sitter and I shared a glance. I was pretty sure she shared my suspicions. Teacher had the capacity to ensure our survival. I was certain she had the ability to completely lock down the aliens. But she was instead putting on a show to convince both them and us that we were defenseless. If our parents had not been dead for millions of years; I would have had a lot of questions.
"We need to speed up translation," I said as I approached the older Uniform and reached for her hand. She hesitated and the larger male with the long rifle stepped back and pointed it at me.
I gulped, backing away. What to do? I tried to smile, and waved my hands slowly over my nude body, then pointed to the doorway, taking a step that way. I was trying to convince her that I was obviously unarmed and not a threat, and wanted us to go outside. The Uniform got it, motioning to the male with the rifle who lowered his weapon, as the two followed me out, with everyone else trailing behind.
Rifle alien touched his ear, got that concerned look, and said a few words to the uniform I'd picked. But they followed me out anyway.
"Why do they look so worried?" I asked Teacher.
"If I were to presume they have human emotions, they are being spoken to through an ear piece, and the voice on the other end is very distressed and speaking urgently," Teacher said. "Our satellites are telling me aerial craft have been launching all over the planet since our arrival."
"That's concerning," Left-sitter furrowed her brow.
"The Ark is under no threat and far beyond their ability to find, there is no threat to us even if you five are lost," Teacher noted dispassionately.
"Well, that's not exactly re-assuring to us," Porn-girl said.
Outside I looked around. The ship's door was about my height above the ground, with a ramp going down into the strange green colored alien grass. It looked like we had landed in a communal park in the middle of a large city. The area had been somewhat cleared around the ship. A lot of Uniformed types were walking around knocking on the ship, as people in what I guessed for professional wear examined, took notes, and pointed devices at the ship. At the foot of the ramp three Uniformed types stood guard. One was the female I had seen guard the door as we went in, the other two were new. A very large and growing crowd was in the distance. Between us and them another set of heavily armed uniformed types were working to keep the crowd back. These uniformed sorts had an impressive array of weapons and a look about them that implied experience in conflict.
"All the weapons on those uniformed guys," I said as I looked to Left-sitter "I think these aliens are still tribal, we may have kicked up a tribal dispute by only landing one craft in one place."
As we exited lights started flashing from all directions. I imagined they were recording us. This was likely the biggest news event in their species history. It pretty much would have been that for humanity as well; if our history hadn't already ended.
No one stopped me as I started to walk down, and when I hit the bottom of the ramp the guards moved to let me pass. I imagine if I sprinted to the crowd, I'd be gunned down, but here they seemed to feel they could control the situation so they wanted to see what I would do.
I was terrified, but this is what I was here to do, make proper First Contact. It was something of a joke. Thinking of myself and the other girls. We had to be the least qualified set among all of humanity to handle First Contact. I could not imagine why Teacher had picked us for this.
I stood at the edge of the ramp, one more step forward and I would be touching that green grass. Memory of how the clothing burned into Gross-girl fresh in my mind, I winced, held my breath, and stepped forward on to the grass.
Nothing. No itch, no burn. Just the feeling of wet grass under my feet. Soft wet grass, with a feeling that must have been dirt under it. I giggled, which quickly broke out into laughter. "Grass!" I yelled out. All around me the aliens silenced, and stared. "Grass."
One of the aliens outside who had been pointing some device with a pile of dials on it at the ship looked over at me. She reached down and grabbed some of the grass into her hand and said "kzi?"
"Grass!" I called back, grabbing up a little myself.
Then she said back, "grass."
They were too slow for me, by instinct I ran over and hugged her, yelling out "grass, grass!"
A whole pile of the uniforms with guns turned my way and aimed at me, but I'd already let my hug victim go. Her clothing had been itchy. Instead I rolled down onto my butt and laughed, almost hugging the ground as I started to roll around.
I was happy, it was ground, real ground, not the Dream. And I knew being this silly made me look very much not like a threat. In their eyes I looked like a naked young woman rolling around on the ground giggling, who just happened to be a new color they'd not seen before.
The alien I'd hugged dug into the ground a bit more and pulled up some mud. The ground here must have been watered recently. "Fazz?" she said.
"Mud" I said.
"Mud" she said. Of course I knew she had still said 'fazz', but my brain heard mud.
"Mud" I said, and she smiled. Then she surprised everyone, and threw it at me with a laugh. It splatted on my left boob, reminding everyone that I was naked. I laughed, grabbed some mud of my own, and threw it at her.
This time even some of the uniforms laughed. The others had followed me down by this point and were squatting in the grass and picking up bits themselves. I noticed a lot more flashes of light when the girls started squatting. "Gals," I said, "I think we're putting on a bit too much of a show."
There was a small puddle where the grass came to end by a paved pathway. Some kind of compressed black stone. Where the pathway turned, the grass met it a bit low, leaving a spot for water to make a puddle. Porn-girl squatted beside it and took some water into her cupped hands. "Can we drink it?" she asked.
"I don't know, Teacher?" Left-sitter said, as she looked up to an afternoon sky. "Look, their star is a lot like Earth's."
"Don't look at it, if it's at all like Earth's was; it's bad for your eyes," Gross-girl said.
Porn-girl raised her cupped hands to her mouth and a Uniformed alien that had been following her ran over and gestured rapidly at her. She stopped and the uniform said something to another alien who came over with a clear bottle, shakily handing it to Porn-girl. "It looks like he handed me water," she said. "But how do I open this?" She rolled it around in her hands a bit, so the alien took it back, twisted the top, removing a lid of some sort, and gave it back.
"Leti," he said.
Porn-girl took a drink. We were the sacrifice in a sense. If it was toxic to us we had to know before any others arrived. And sometimes the best way to find out is to just find out. "Water!" she said.
At that point I realized none of us had ever actually drank real water before. Only the illusion of it during the Dream.
"Water?" the alien said.
"Water," Porn-girl and I said back in unison. Several of the aliens started taking notes.
After this they seemed to decide that we were at least a containable threat. After all, what harm could 5 naked young women really do? But I guess they didn't know if we could breath acid or fart fire or something. I'd watched enough old Earth movies to know that if these aliens were anything like Humans, then they'd also probably seen a ton of movies where all aliens had super powers. Despite that making no scientific sense.
Porn-girl passed the bottle around and we all took sips then let Gross-girl drink from it until it was empty. The actual feel of real water in my throat was amazing.
We needed to very quickly make them decide we were not a threat, but also needed to make sure they weren't a threat to us. Teacher was right about the risk of ending up on a dissection table.
The aliens soon passed us each a bottle of water and we excitedly drank it and splashed it over our naked skin, causing the flashing lights from the crowd to go insane. In the years that followed that was the memory I cherished most from that crazy day; my first drink of real water, and seeing the locals go wild at the sight of my naked wet skin.
"Get me a sample of that pond water," Teacher said into our heads. I wondered why she had not chosen to speak quietly to us before. "I want to know why the alien didn't want you to drink it."
The alien following Porn-girl widened his eyes as she squatted down and filled the empty water bottle with pond water. She got up to carry the bottle away and he looked around.
"Water," I said, pointing at the pond, then I made a play at chocking myself, rolling my eyes up, and rolled back onto my butt. I made a croaking noise, flattened myself on the ground, and over-dramatically raised one leg into the air. Sure, it flashed my bright green pussy lips at him, but I think he seemed to get the point. He moved his head around somewhat comically. One of the other aliens held up a bottle and made a gulping noise, a sigh, and then said "water."
This little show let Porn-girl slip through the ramp guards and into the ship, with a few aliens following behind but none thinking to stop her. I didn't get to see what exactly went on in there. The ship seemed to have an endless ability to make platforms and things to collect samples. Eventually Teacher just told us that the water was full of a combination of micro-organisms and toxic chemicals. "When I compare this to the atmospheric samples this planet is definitely headed towards global extinction," Teacher stated. "Their own politics will determine if that's a near or far flung event. But without change it will happen."
It's hard to really say everything that happened that day.
We were excited at how so many things were familiar to us, and yet different in the tiny details. The aliens slowly blocked off the area around our part of the park cutting us off from the public. But once they decided we were not a threat they let us wander around in that contained area without any attempts to dissect us or bring out the famous 'anal probes' that seemed so popular in 'Alien Contact' movies. We were a pile of naked young women running about so I'm sure half the male aliens were probing us with their eyes anyway. But they held back, almost certainly because of how publicly we'd landed in the middle of what we found out was one of the largest cities on their planet.
A place they called, Mexico City. Teacher had chosen it for it's size and lack of nuclear activity, unlike a region not far to the north.
That day playing in the park and creating the first steps for translation was the day their world and ours changed and came together. In all that excitement we had no awareness that only a short hundred miles to the north, another nation had almost launched a full on war just to get their hands on us, for that very purpose of dissection and of course... the anal probes. It was only by the grace of luck that we had landed in a land of people who's normally friendly character was something they'd only recently reclaimed after the end of a very long and bloody period of internal violence; itself driven by the greed of their northern neighbor.
In time I learned that all those frantic voices Teacher had heard in their earpieces, had been military and politicians trying to decide the best thing to do to prevent an invasion from the north. They had settled on the same idea we had, to make the spectacle of us so public that the entire world knew we were there, and they were "protecting" us. Some of their leaders were of course, looking for places to conduct anal probes of their own, but with the blood sample, the DNA display, and Teacher letting them wander around the ship cooler heads had prevailed. One of those cooler heads had been the older female Uniform, who we came to learn was the one in charge of First Contact on their side of things.
We were stuck in the park for a good long week before normal communication was possible, if a little grammatically limited.
In that short time the Uniforms had brought in a bunch of prefab buildings set up in a circle around the ship, full of equipment. At first they kept us from entering but after a while they would just smile as we wandered around. This in turn helped with finding objects to use for translation. Desk, chair, pen, computer, light, and so on. The female Uniform running the show never smiled and kept her distance but also stopped anyone who tried to restrict us.
They were shocked when they learned the truth of our story. Interstellar refugees, with over a hundred thousand of us up in space waiting to be allowed to come down.
It was on day three that I got my name. The young man I'd let feel up my boob had been lingering at the barrier the whole time, and I'd been keeping my eye on him.
"Him, bring here?" I said to my handler. They'd assigned each of us a female scientist that kept following around trying to figure out words and phrases. Most of the girls sat around and worked concepts with various computer displays in little half tent stations they'd set up. But Gross-girl and I kept wandering around the park instead. I just couldn't get enough of the colorful plants, and of looking at all the people behind the security barrier. Unknowingly I was playing right into their hands on this, they wanted the people to see us because it made their tribe look more important, and once they'd decided we were safe they were hoping their own people would form a tribal protective feeling about us. Something they later defined to me as nationalism.
"No, not allowed," my Handler said. I had learned her designation, her name, was Carmine.
"Carmine..." I pouted. "Boy, I want." I said. The translation was still rough then. I wanted to talk to that male, but it came across a bit differently because I was clearly wet between my legs and had rock hard nipples despite the warm climate.
She just laughed and said, "Oh I'm sure you do, you're all so..."
"Horny," I offered up. "Yes, but just talk," I said. It would be another month before we had enough language to explain why we were so emotional, which itself ended up being the key to getting the approval for more landings.
"Not allowed," she said.
I stamped my feet, irritated that our emotions kept making me act like a child anytime things were not perfectly calm. "Please," I said through crossed arms. I had quickly learned that our body language was more or less identical. A gesture made by one of us or them was always easy to understand.
She sighed and shrugged in a way that declared my victory, and headed over to the barricade. They had made a wall with some form of transparent artificial material. I later learned it was called plexiglass. As a form of acrylic it was more or less at the top of the food chain for things we were allergic to. If I so much as touched it, I could almost imagine steam coming off my finger like an acid burn.
She spoke to a guard, who motioned to the boy, and he followed them from the other side until they reached the gate and let him in.
She said something to him, I didn't get all the words, but enough to gather he was being warned to not make trouble.
"Met before," I told her, pointing at him. I was actually surprised that they had just let him lose after our first encounter. I would have imagined the poor guy would have been put through the paces of a million questions and inspections to be sure he wasn't going to have alien serpent monsters burst out of his stomach and eat everybody at some point. Then again, I'd watched too many bad old Earth movies in the Dream. Maybe these aliens didn't have movies like that.
We moved to a spot of grass not far from a little half tent where Porn-girl was teaching the aliens words by showing them rather intense pictures of, well, porn. Her handler kept blushing and adjusting her skirt so I guess those two were having a lot of fun.
"Boy," I said, pointing at him.
"Man," he corrected, pointing at his chest. "Woman," he said, pointing at my damp pussy, on full display before him as we stood there.
I sat down, spreading my legs out in a semi-split. Years of gymnastics in The Dream had made this a natural way for me to sit, and thankfully that conditioning had transitioned to my real body. But I also knew that a display like this would drive any Human male crazy, and probably worked the same on these Aliens. He could easily see right up my vagina as my aroused state had me naturally spread open.
My handler blushed and covered her face, even though she was used to me sitting like this. The young alien male in front of me gulped and I believe his 'tentacle' got bigger in his pants. Victory was mine.
"Man," I said, pointing at his crotch. "Sit, please."
He looked at my handler and asked her something I couldn't fully grasp. But I got the words language and intelligence. He was worried we weren't that smart, based on the limited language.
"Very smart," she said, then gestured at the ship. "Little Spanish." That was the name of this tribe's dialect. Spanish. I later learned the different regions still had languages, not unlike Humanity's ancestors. They had yet to unify enough for a common language that only had regional differences.
He looked at the display I'd made for him. He seemed to be looking very intensely, as I imagine any man might.
"Need man," I said, spreading my lips down below. He gulped. My handler got up from the nearby bench she had sat herself upon. "Later," I said.
"Yes, later," he said.
My handler fired off some rapid words at him again. All I got was 'hyper emotional, be careful, and that they had correctly guessed that we were struggling with those same emotions.
"Javier," he said, pointing at himself. Pointing to my handler he said "Carmine." Then he pointed at me and raised his eyebrows. Reminding me that I was thankful these aliens had eyebrows in the same shapes as ours.
I shrugged, a near universal gesture. "No name," I said. "Teacher?" I spoke into the air between us.
"Teacher?" He said.
"The AI they speak to," Carmine noted, she showed him her tablet. I knew the aliens were hyper curious about what Teacher could do. They had teams of people inside the ship trying to figure Teacher out and Teacher seemed happy to cooperate thus far.
They were so busy in there that when that first night had come and we started to feel sleepy, the Aliens had made it rather difficult. We didn't know what to do about sleep, so we just wandered into the ship and looked at our pods but it was so noisy with babbling aliens that in the end we tried to sleep on the grass while they collected around us unsure of what to do. The second night they made a point of being quiet in the ship though they had dismantled half our pods so we slept on the floor.
"Teacher?" I repeated. "It's getting hard for me to not have a designation, what should I do?"
Javier and Carmine looked on in confusion, I wasn't sure how many of my words had been made clear to them.
Javier smiled at me, looking over my whole body as I sat there naked in the grass with my legs spread out in front of him. He said something in a soft adoring tone and Carmine rolled her eyes. Seeing my confusion he pulled out a small tablet and poked away at it for a bit. When he showed it to me there was a picture of an Alien woman in a very revealing two piece outfit. He said the words again and pointed at her, then at me. Then he pulled up a second image of an alien woman that was rough looking with a somewhat unpleasant expression on her face. He repeated the words, preceded by the word I knew to mean 'no' or 'not'.
There were many ways to interpret that and it seemed obvious later, but at the time I didn't realize he had been trying to tell me he thought I was extremely beautiful. There had been too many differences in the two photos. One looked modern and the other historical. One was barely clothed and the other thickly bundled up, and they were not the same age.
But then he pulled up another image and showed it to me, and I gasped. It reminded me somewhat of an image from my classes on history and mythology. He pointed to the image and said a word. I looked at it and said "Angel".
"Angel", Javier said. Pointing to me he said "ngelita," adding the bit on the end that I had learned meant little. When he pointed at himself and repeated "Javier" I knew he was trying to name me.
I bounced up and hugged him. The aliens had gotten used to me enough to not panic when I did that, but many of them still looked over and Carmine smiled, poking her tablet. I rightly guessed she was recording a name for me. I got up and danced around running to the others. "I have a name now, I have a name!"
I ran up to Porn-girl and grabbed her up in a hug saying; "Hi, I'm ngelita." Her eyes got big at being pulled out of her chair so fast. Then she pouted and looked at her handler.
"My name?" Porn-girl said. Her handler looked up from a tablet that was busy showing an Alien porn film. The poor woman had quite the blush as she once again shifted her skirt.
Her handler looked at her and thought, then said a word. "Venus," as she showed Porn-girl an image on her tablet of what looked like an old painting of a nude woman standing in a sea shell. Soon Venus was running around declaring her name to the others with the same excitement.
Right-sitter declared she would be called "Tashaiya." The name of an ancient explorer queen from Earth. Left-sitter ended up being named Paloma because she had spent so much time asking her handler about birds. Finally Gross-girl, who had turned out the be the sweetest and gentlest of us all, was given the name Maya, for water.
Once I had a name the aliens seemed to be a lot more at ease around me. I was always hearing someone saying my name; "ngelita" somewhere around us. Often with a chuckle, or a knowing nod. They had figured out that I was easy going, constantly horny, and a little too friendly. And that while we didn't have an exact leader, the others tended to slightly defer to me.
The young man Javier, I would insist every day that he be allowed in, and eventually they put a badge on his shirt and just let him come and go on his own. My growing fondness for him greatly sped up communication and helped us fill in a lot more words, but it also greatly frustrated Carmine.
Carmine was trying to keep things serious, having decided I was the 'leader of the aliens', she kept trying to get me to translate political and military terms. I barely knew the stuff in my own language. It was through sheer luck that I finally conveyed to her that I was just a young woman who wanted to make and look at paintings or muse over romance.
But through all that, every chance I got I would grab Javier's hand and put it right on my pussy. Once or twice I even managed to trick his hand into sliding a finger inside before Carmine glanced over and noticed me trying to grind away on him again.
She kept scolding him, enough so that I finally learned all the ways a woman would tell a man to stop it on their world. Useful knowledge since we were naked. But eventually I started forcefully telling her "Too Horny!" and pointing at my lower regions. I was so often squirming around anywhere I sat, nearly making a puddle, and trying to figure out a way to get relief.
The one time I actually did leave a puddle, I saw a scientist run over and collect it the moment we got up. The problem was privacy, outside of the ship the barricade was see through. There was no where I could go and not be seen touching myself or tricking Javier into touching me. Inside the ship, always some Uniform poking around and looking too serious about everything.
But in the second week, past the point where we could almost normally converse, I had Javier and Carmine with me inside the ship looking at a display Teacher had pulled up. A map of the planet and they were pointing out the concept they called nations. I was squirming as I stood there so I just looked at Javier and said it... "I... I need to fuck something or I think I'm going to die!" I looked at Carmine with pleading eyes and begged; "Please, just... just let me cum. It's just too intense."
Teacher was my blessing in that moment, in their language, which Teacher was now using regularly, she stated into the room; "Her stress level is out of control, her heart is racing. Since waking the girls have been more emotional than anticipated. Both ngelita and Venus are having serious trouble handing their arousal that may result in injury if not dealt with."
"What..." I breathed heavily. "What she said. Please." I looked at Javier and put his hand over my pussy as I leaned against a central console in the middle of the room.
"I... I don't know what to..." Carmine started.
Javier put a finger from his other hand to his lips. Then he let his right hand, that I had placed over my body, take over.
"Oh... for science I suppose," Carmine said, holding up her tablet so it's camera could record me getting off.
Javier rubbed his fingers around the surface of my vulva until he found my clit, engorged as it was he might as well have been looking for a planet inside of a glass of water. He gave me a light pinch and I gasped, "Just like a human woman," he smiled.
"I am human," I said. "You... you naughty alien." He grinned. By this point we'd all figured out that we more or less had the same terms for our own species that meant "person", and each of us called our home planet a word that basically meant "dirt".
"So you have some experience with this then?" Carmine said with a glance at Javier through heavy breaths. I looked at her, she was definitely turned on.
"A little," he said. "I'm no playboy, but I had a girlfriend before." His outer fingers rubbed up and down my labia majora, while his middle and ring finger slipped in to grace my inner folds.
I ground my hips against him and said, "yes, fuck me with your hand. Put it in me."
There was one uniform with us at the time, that had been examining a display panel built into Paloma's pod. Teacher had been slowly having the displays show dual images as she learned their writing system so they could learn what the displays were. Her mission was to make us safe, and she had decided that meant handing over enough technology to make them want to bring more of us in and help them advance. Wet their appetite to engage.
The Uniform looked up as I was being fingered, making a nervous cough he said "Um... I... Oh yes, I needed to make a report, um... yes, outside, I... will go outside now," he stammered away and I giggled when I heard him add "looks like a green version of my daughter, this is just not..."
Javier had two fingers in me and was finding his pace, but I needed it more, and faster. I pushed myself against his fingers, and while using one hand to grip the console, put the other on his shoulder and stared hotly into his eyes. "Do it faster, rougher," I hissed out.
Carmine was visibly squirming. I felt for her, this was her job or I imagine she'd be out of her clothes and all over me or him by now. But I needed my moment. It was so embarrassing to be getting finger fucked on a recording that I knew thousands of horny alien scientists would probably examine for years to come. But I was beyond caring. Two weeks of running around them naked as my urges just kept building and building and not a moment of privacy to so much as touch myself. Teacher was right, it was cum or die at this point.
"Yes, that's it boy!" I yelled out as Javier began to roughly finger fuck me. He was pushing so fast and so hard that my body was being rudely shoved up and down on his fingers. In any other state than extremely turned on and nearly ready to pop he might have been hurting me. But like this it was exactly what I needed, to feel like I was being slammed good and hard.
I screamed out, and felt a release like I was peeing. Looking down I noticed I was squirting all over his hand. The light blue color of my squirting making a funny contrast to his light tanned brownish skin.
"What's going on there?!" someone yelled from outside.
"Oh my," Carmine and I said in unison, then I began to giggle and Javier looked down in embarrassment.
"You don't want to go in there," I heard the Uniform that had left moments ago say, but two people came barreling into the room anyway. One of them the older uniformed female that was in charge, the other a younger female with a rifle out and ready.
They looked at us in utter surprise. I looked back as Javier's fingers were still in me and still slowing pumping in and out. "Um... high," I said.
Carmine staggered back, unsure of what to do, she sputtered out, "It's not... um... well it is..."
The Older Uniform glared at Javier with eyes that spoke of death by a thousand cuts. But the younger one looked at me with eyes that said "where do I sign up for that?" as she slung her rifle into a holster on her back.
"Um..." I said, "I was just soooooo horny."
"Young man, this is an alien life form. This is First Contact with a new species, and you come in here and do that?!" The older Uniform said.
"Um..." Javier started to say. He pulled his fingers out with a squelch, and the younger Uniform suppressed a giggle and a look at Javier that said "if you still have that hand, come see me after this."
Carmine collected herself, "ngelita, the alien, she was in medical crisis. She... how to put this... she was over stimulated."
"Your a scientist Dr. Espinoza, not a porn director. I will have your job for this," The older Uniform said.
Teacher displayed her hologram self and decided to step in. "Captain Segura, your... scientist... is correct. My child here was in severe medical distress. I apologize for how this looks. This would be scandalous in our culture as well, but the... girls... have been displaying extremely heightened emotions and levels of arousal since our arrival on your planet. For their medical safety, I recommend this... treatment... be allowed to proceed multiple times daily."
The older Uniform looked at Teacher. The aliens had come to see Teacher as a fact based AI with a singular mission. From what I could tell they seemed to partially trust her, at least on matters where a lie didn't make sense. "I... see..." She looked at Javier. "Still, this is extremely inappropriate. Official staff should be handling medical procedures and..."
"But..." I said, "but, I like him." I pointed to Javier. "I'm sorry, but we humans; we pick who we mate with and... I know that wasn't mating but..."
Younger uniform put it more directly, "A girl should get to pick who she fucks captain. It'd be... assault otherwise."
"She's not exactly..." The older one stated. "Yes I guess she is, alien or not."
"Their DNA is actually unusually similar to us," Carmine interjected. "The term alien almost seems, wrong. At least in matters like this."
"Well, is she alien or not Dr., I don't see you needing... that..." The Captain said, waiving over at me.
"I dunno, stick me out there naked for several days in front of the whole world and you might get the same thing," Carmine offered. "Well at least when I was younger, I was... yeah."
"I am younger and yeah, just being around them has me about ready to pop," the younger Uniform said, adding with a salute, "Ma'am."
The Captain grunted but also smiled as she focused out beyond the distance of the wall behind me. She stepped back and added; "well, we can't really have them going about... having sex with random civilians in front of international news crews."
"I waited till we were in here," I said. "It was... painful... to wait so long. I'm sorry, but, I was having trouble even..." I looked down and grinned, on the floor in front of me was a puddle of blue liquid. My juices.
Paloma walked in and looked at the puddle, then up at my pussy which was puffy and throbbing with a blue shade over my normal green. Then she looked a Javier with pleading eyes as her fingers ran over her own slit. Her handler came up behind her. "What's going on, Paloma has been very distressed today and..." she took in the scene before her with her eyes locked on my pussy. "Wow," she added.
"Look at the color," Paloma's handler; Desideria, said, adjusting her glasses. "Her skin is almost blue here, and not the light green it is elsewhere or even the dark green of her nipples. So... expressive." She reached down to my pussy and I started to move an arm to block her but decided against it.
Suddenly she caught herself and looked at me. "May I?" I nodded in the way I had learned meant yes for them. She pulled my pussy lips apart. "Your skin here is a shade of bright green, your outer labia are usually a darker green, with the hood around your clitoris the same dark green as your nipples. But right now, it's almost blue around your outer sex. Fascinating. The males of your species..."
"Can tell very easily when we've been fucked," I said. "Or will be. Our culture is normally very heavily clothed. Not you?"
"Not as much," she said, blushing. "Just a more intense color like my blush, not a wholly different color." She looked at Paloma, who's skin was in fact blue.
"Your ethnicity, what about you?" Desideria said.
Older Uniform, Captain Segura; shrugged, "Can we keep the outer door of the ship closed. If this will be going on in here, I don't want the public out there hearing it. And you, young man, I'm not done with you." Then she left. The younger uniform with her licked her lips looking at my pussy, then shrugged and followed her senior out.
"We're... um... the same ethnic group," I said, glancing over at Paloma.
"But your skin colors?" Carmine said. "We assumed you and Tashaiya to be one ethnic group, as you're green, but Paloma and Maya the other, as they're blue. And Venus, with that greenish blue cast, mixed ethnic?"
I laughed. That was weird, that they'd judge ethnicity by skin color when it's such a random thing and some people even change color with the season. Then I looked at them and wondered if maybe it was different for them.
"Our skin tone is set by the season we're born in. But some people change color seasonally. I think Tashaiya might be chromatic like that," I looked at them, with sudden wonder. Carmine had very light almost pink skin, Javier was sort of a tanned brown. Paloma's Handler Desideria had a very dark brown color. But all three of them had brown hair and they all had those short round ears. However Carmine's eyes were blue, and Desideria had green eyes.
"All of you have the same brown hair. I figured you were all the same ethnicity. The younger soldier that was in here, her hair was the faded yellow we've seen a few times. Is she a different ethnic group?"
Desideria looked me and Paloma over. Both of us had bright violet hair, like all people who's ancestry was from the Southern polar region of Earth. "We are all Mexicans. But, if you were to ask about our ancestors; the soldier and Carmine are both mostly Spanish," she said. My ancestors are Beti-Pahuin and Nahuas. Young man, you're..."
"Mazahua," Javier stated. "Well Mestizo Mazahua."
"Our ancestral differences split by natural hair color and ear shape," I said. Gesturing to my long pointed ears. "Some of us have ridges on the underside of their ears. and some are only half as long as mine. People have Red, Green, Blue, Violet, or Yellow hair. In colors more bright than yours."
Venus was of course a blue skinned beauty with bright Yellow hair, but her ears where shorter, only about 5cm long points. Maya had light green skin and bright red hair, long swept back 12cm ears like me and Paloma. Maya's web-like ear ridges were on the under side whereas Paloma and I had smooth ears. Tashaiya I believed had skin that changed with the seasons, and right now she was a deep green. She also had what I later learned the locals called an Afro, that was bright blue. Her ears swept back some 18cm and had bumpy ridges on the top where it came close to her head.
I wondered what they would think when the other two ethic groups came down later, the people from the tropics that had 30-40cm long floppy hairy ears on the tops of their heads, and the once subterranean sub-species that had small antenna. These local humans all seemed to have about the same ear shape, almost identical to the subterraneans.
"Did your ancestors evolve underground?" I asked Carmine. She gave me a raised eyebrow so I added. "Your ears are like a sub-species of Human, our Human I mean; smaller and rounded."
"Uh, no... well, all modern mammals do come from a species that lived in small burrows about sixty five million cycles ago when a meteor impact wiped out most above ground species," Carmine felt around her ears. "But that animal is so far in the distant past that you'd have to be a scientist to recognize the connection."
"Fascinating," Teacher said into the connection she had in our brains. "I wonder if that meteor was a natural event. I have a theory on why we have parallel evolution but it might take me a few hundred cycles to confirm. There was a similar event roughly 600 million cycles ago on Earth. After which it seems like Humanity evolved slower than these alien Humans, but earlier, and on a similar path."
I watched as Paloma edged her way over to Javier and tried to take his hand. "Please," she said. "Me too."
"Can you do her, she needs it almost like me," I said.
"Poor boy," Paloma's handler Desideria said. "The things you have to do for science," Then she, Carmine, and I all burst into giggles.
"Science!" I said. "Very important. Do your species proud Javier, First Contact. Make a good impression."
"I think he already has," Desideria said, looking at my puffed out pussy.
I just sighed and we all quietly watched him finger Paloma. Carmine was squirming away, and soon enough Desideria was shifting her pants uncomfortably as well.
I looked between them both and said, "wait till we get to bring our men down. Then, there will be some very important Science! for you to perform."
"Oh my," Carmine said. By the look of her she was clearly feeling very "Scientific."
Javier I imagine, was having the greatest moment of his alien life. Not one, but two naked girls coming to him for services. Paloma got beside me, leaning her butt against the round center console with her palms holding it for support on either side. The effect pushed her crotch out for Javier's attentions.
"It's looks like you've been hired," Desideria said to Javier. I really needed to learn their writing system, they all had name tags but all I could do was look at them like an idiot and for a chance to be introduced. The handler's and some of the Uniforms were treating us like people, but there were always those around that still acted like we were laboratory specimens. And I was bothered that outside of Carmine, Desideria, and Fernanda I didn't know the names of all the ones we could trust.
I watched as Javier ran his right hand along Paloma's pussy, going from the bottom and stopping at her blue skinned clitoris. The idea that this is what made them think we were different ethnic groups was still playing in my head. We were so similar, and yet so different.
Javier lightly pinched her clitoris the same way he had mine. "I'm really not the expert on this," he said.
"From where I've been watching," Carmine said, "you look like a natural. I wish I could get your hands on me, but stay away from my daughter." Later I would learn Carmine had an adult daughter only a year younger than me, named Yoana. It would be through Yoana that I would learn all the secrets of pleasuring another woman.
Desideria added a slang phrase I'd not yet heard, then completed with "glad it's not just me," as she squirmed in her pants. At that moment I was very glad I was the 'naked alien' in this. Sitting there in my afterglow happily letting my juices trickle down my leg.
Javier brushed his fingers down into Paloma's labia, spreading them apart. Paloma let out a gasp, "finally," she said.
"I know sister, it's been too much," I said, putting a hand over her left hand.
As Javier began to pick up the pace, rubbing up and down her labia, Paloma's eyes began to water. "Why... why must we be like this?" she asked.
"Naked, horny?" I said. "I don't know. But we'll be OK," I lied. I had no more idea than her what would happen to us.
In the years that followed I learned just how lucky we had been to land where we did, but I didn't know that then. That we'd landed in the middle of a nation trying to bring itself back together after a long and harsh past, a nation looking for some happy blessing. That we'd not landed just a little further north, to a nation much like the ones that had led to Earth's demise, locked in a cycle between greed, power, and inter-ethnic violence. And that we'd landed somewhere with a hot climate where our nakedness would be easy to live with in the time before Teacher found a way for us to stay warm in the cold.
But in that moment, as my own arousal was clearing, I was just feeling overwhelmed and scared.
Javier was gently fingering Paloma now. I listened to the sound of his fingers working against her wetness. It was probably a gross sound, squelching stickiness. But to me in that moment it was beautiful. It was soon matched in pace and harmony with Paloma's gasping moans.
"If they let these girls go out there, they're going to be very popular," Desideria said. Carmine shot her a rapid glare, as if in warning.
"It's OK," I said. "We know you're not sure what to do with us. If a bunch of horny naked aliens had landed on Earth before it was destroyed, I imagine our parents would have treated them much worse."
Paloma and Javier were too lost in their moment to hear us. Javier was shoving his fingers into her with brutal abandon just as he had with me not long before, and Paloma was matching it trying to buck her pelvis into his hand and grunting loudly. I had squirted when I came, she was already splashing juices onto my leg and the floor in front of her. She let out a gasp, then growled, baring her fangs.
Carmine looked at her in surprise, then at me. I looked around wondering why just as Paloma screamed out and began to squirt, cumming hard on Javier's hand.
When she was calmed down I was so glad, I jumped over and hugged Javier, with Paloma joining me. I had been hugging him for a good several minutes before I realized something. He didn't itch. He was fully clothed and Paloma and I were wrapped on him like sandwich bread.
Paloma realized it too, and pulled away. "Give me your shirt," she demanded of him. Javier looked confused.
Desideria looked at us, then at him, and said "do it, please." Javier took off his shirt and gave it to Paloma, and she quickly tried to put it on. Having the biggest tits of us all, she had some trouble stretching it over her breasts but she got it down after a bit. She just stood there bouncing for a bit and clapping her hands, even though the shirt only came down to just below her belly button.
All Javier could do was watch her tits bounce around inside his shirt. But the rest of us realized the change. "I can wear clothes now!" Paloma yelled out. She turned to start running for the door when Teacher's hologram appeared before us with a palm held up.
"Stop!" Teacher said. "Remember Biology class girls." I tried to think. "Sexual education? Were you paying any attention?"
"I remember pictures of a lot of naked males," I said. "But um..."
"After sex, the hormones in the human body change for a while. As long as you're sleeping it can last for as much as a day. But activity will bring a normal state back in a few minutes to an hour, and exposure to aeration, like a breeze or open air, and it will fade in mere seconds. I believe this hormonal state is suppressing your allergic response," Teacher said.
"Humans?" Carmine asked. "We don't have any such hormonal response."
"She means us," I pointed at myself. "Our Human, not your Human. But wouldn't we know if allergies were suppressed after sex?" I looked at Teacher, wondering what this all meant.
"Your response to the alien clothing is slightly different from a normal allergic response. It's directly affecting your double Q genes. That's... unknown in Earth's science," Teacher said.
I pulled away from hugging Javier and said "wait here," then lightly ran out. The door to the outside had been shut, explaining why no one rushed in on Paloma's orgasmic scream. Opening it I ran outside and looked around. All the usual scientists were milling around with the same equipment they'd been pointing at the ship or us, the other girls were sitting or walking and talking to handlers just like every time before. I ran over to Maya and gave her a random hug. She was the most emotional of us all, and always seemed like she needed a hug.
"What's going on?" Maya asked.
"Oh, you just needed a hug," I said. "And so did I." I ran back inside and went straight for Paloma who still had Javier's shirt on.
When I came back in Paloma had her mouth open and Carmine was staring at her fangs. "How did we go two weeks without seeing this?" Carmine said.
I hugged Paloma, and it started to itch after only a moment. "No..." I cried and fell down to sit on the floor in the drying puddle of my own juices. "No no no no..." I scratched at my left arm, noticing a slight rash. "Why is it even worse than before?"
"That should be temporary," Teacher said. "As your body goes back to normal, there's a slight over compensation. Still, this is actually great news for your health girls."
Teacher's hologram turned to look at Carmine and Desideria as Paloma took off the shirt and gave it back to Javier with tears in her eyes. "If you can supply the girls with orgasms once or twice a day, they will be able to sleep on something softer than the hard floor of this room or the open grass and dirt of your planet."
"Um... that's not going to be easy," Carmine said.
"I'm certainly..." Javier started, but Paloma handler Desideria cut him off with a wave.
"I'm sure you are, but no," she said.
Teacher brought up holograms of our home world's fabric industry and further added; "our ship will not have the materials to make them clothing from Earth's fibers for several years or provide bedding they would not have a reaction to. Furthermore if we introduce flora from our world, we cannot assure a safe impact on your planet. Our seeds vaults are being kept at the safe distance of just beyond your large gas giant. In a century or more they may be of use for deep space colonies."
A hologram of a female of our species in sexual bliss filled the space in front of Teacher's own hologram. "Without daily orgasms, Human females will be unable to sleep on any surface containing the fibers they are allergic to. They would in essence be limited to sleeping on natural stone slabs, open dirt. live plants, and possibly some hard woods. Our Human that is, not your Human," Teacher looked at Carmine while replacing the female image with a fully dressed male standing in a relaxed pose. "The males, if you allow us to bring them, will be fine."
"It's just not fair..." Paloma cried out. "That shirt felt sooo wonderful."
Everyday was a new surprise.
First I learned that they didn't have fangs. Where we had fangs they had much smaller teeth they called their canines. Carmine felt negligent in her duty for not having seen it before. Which made me feel guilty, as if I'd let her down. We had evolved from a carnivore and still had vestigial fangs. They on the other hand, had evolved from an omnivore.
They were initially reluctant to let us 'cum on demand.' But our handlers came to our rescue. They introduced us to the joy of something they referred to as a 'vibrator'.
"These are a little Scandalous here in Mexico," Maya's handler had said. "But it's for science!" she giggled.
The Captain, who I later learned was named Fernanda Segura, got in on it as well. Despite her initial sour opinion when she found Javier finger fucking me, she understood. Once teacher explained the need to orgasm so we could sleep on something soft, Fernanda was fully on board.
One of the prefab buildings of the Uniforms was turned over to us and three beds were brought in. Our handlers started bringing in all sorts of things they assumed young women of their planet might like, combined with what we later learned were gifts from adoring fans. This included a device that played music, something they called a television, lots of plushies that looked adorable but which we couldn't touch until after an orgasm due to the allergy.
Venus somehow got her hands on a plushy with tentacles, a cute version of an animal they called an octopus. Inside some of the plushies they snuck in a series of vibrators. If Fernanda knew about that, she didn't let on. She did seem to have a way of never being around when we were starting to get to the point were we needed to use them.
It was at this point that we all, but Maya in particular, discovered Telenovelas. It took our poor handlers and later friends some time to teach us that actual people didn't have such dramatic lives. Except for Maya of course, as she would go to be one of the great stars of the genre after enough laws had changed to allow a naked alien actress onto the format. At that point we had all assumed it would be Venus who would rise to fame, but in a rather different genre. But after a short career in porn she would go on to have a rather quiet life much as myself.
To my absolute joy, paper and writing instruments had been brought in there as well, personally given to me by Fernanda.
Over the days that followed I was able to reveal to them my love of drawing, and that led to getting a canvas and paints which kept me busy non-stop. I did find myself allergic to half the paints, but was able to work with what remained. The people on the other side of the barricade loved to watch me sit out on the grass of the park and draw things, which our handlers took pictures of. That was how I was finally able to convince Carmine that I was not in fact some sort of diplomat, but just a romantic girl looking for a good finger fuck and a chance to paint.
After we had that building, the locals had near free reign on the ship. With Teacher's assistance a number of displays in the scientist's prefabs were connected to our ship's system. I gathered many of their people were trying to figure out how to interface deeper, but our computer systems and software principles were completely alien to each other, something that would take years before a breakthrough occurred.
Fernanda started having long conversations with Teacher, often aided by Tashaiya. The two of them seemed to have a natural affinity for each other. Each possessed of a strong pride in her people but also very aware and acknowledging of their respective flaws. Tashaiya took to following Fernanda as if the woman was her long lost mother.
In our new prefab they brought in toilets and a shower with real water that had us squealing with delight. So much better than the sponge baths. Many of the male scientists seemed to always need to 'fix something' nearby whenever one of us needed to take a shower. We pretended not to know what they were up to, but you can only fix the same light switch so many times.
It was at this point that they started bring in foods for us to try. We had to be careful to find out about allergies. We found out they ate other animals.
Teacher informed us that we could do that as well, but that we'd been conditioned on a vegetarian diet and needed to stay that way at least until she had identified the right micro-organisms to replace the nanites in our digestive system. "Your ancestors used to eat very large quantities of meat, but switched to only plant based sustenance in the last 100 cycles of Earth in an effort to forestall the climate disaster. Animal based sustenance is not sustainable past a certain population level."
The local Humans on the other hand, were especially fond of meat, more so than many other nations. Finding ways of making their favorite dish, the taco, without any meat or animal fat, became something of a challenge. But the result soon became our favorite dish as well, as it came in so many varieties and we found we had a higher tolerance for their spices than they did.
We also discovered we all had what Carmine called a 'sweet tooth'. We couldn't get enough of sweetened chocolate, and Carmine warned Teacher that it was very unhealthy, but we discovered it did not have the same effects on us. Chocolate itself though, as if we weren't horny enough. One bite of the stuff and we became sex maniacs, unable to think of anything else. We got desperate to gorge out on the stuff. Paloma's handler Desideria got very interested when Teacher said the stuff would likely give our males the ability to sexually perform for hours or even days on end non-stop. "Our males have a little blue pill for that," she said. "But you're telling me chocolate should have no side effects on your males?" You could pretty much see the wheels turning in her head. Or maybe that was in my head.
"Our Earth's males would have natural limitations on the potency of their emissions, but their ability to perform would only be limited by general physical stamina," Teacher said. In other words an 'old Earth' male could fuck till he dropped from exhaustion if he took chocolate, which Carmine assured us was very easy to obtain.
In later years Desideria would marry one of our males and every time I saw her I could see it in her frazzled expression that she had been busy finding out just how long he could keep fucking, and was still trying to find the limit, if there was one.
A drink they called tequila had a sour flavor for us but the alcohol in it, while having no effect on our mental state; was undrinkable. Instead we found out by accident that what they called vinegar was the substance our ancestors used to make intoxicating beverages. I was overjoyed to discover coffee, and it had the same effect on both us and the local Humans.
The first time we met a hostile 'local' Human was right near the end of the first month. He had marched his way in through the gate at the barrier barking out loud statements in a different language than the one we had been learning. He seemed to be assuming everyone understood him, though it looked as if most did not. He was a Uniform no doubt, but it was a different kind than any we had seen before, and he had two more uniforms with him sporting rifles and looking at "our" uniforms with contempt.
He said some angry word I didn't know, followed by a badly pronounced version of 'Mexicans' as he approached Fernanda. Right away several of Fernanda's people pointed their weapons at him and his people as his people pointed them back.
Maya began quietly crying but the rest of us took her in arm and retreated towards the ship.
Teacher made her intentions stark clear by shutting down everything, even the little 'worm' in our brains that translated words stopped at that point and I looked on in confusion as Carmine said something to me and I had no idea what it was. I tried to talk to her and she gave me a look of surprise.
We found the door to the ship shut, preventing our entry. I wondered why Teacher had not waited until we had made it in. Lacking that safety we ran into the prefab we had been sleeping in. Teacher set every single ship controlled display we could see to show only a simplistic smiley face and the words "be nice" in the local's language. I heard loud shouts outside, but no weapons and no screams of fighting.
After a moment the man in the strange uniform marched in followed by Fernanda who was scowling and looking at a piece of paper.
He looked at us quickly and dismissively and then grabbed Tashaiya by the arm and started to drag her away. We followed out screaming at him but he paid us no mind and Fernanda looked back and forth between us and him yelling in a language I no longer understood.
As soon as we got outside, I noticed the number of films crews outside the barricade had increased, and then I was rudely hit in the gut by the barrel of a rifle from one of the Uniforms that had come with this angry man. I staggered back and both of them were now training their guns at my face.
In that moment we all learned something else very scary about Teacher.
She effectively turned Tashaiya off. In an instant Tashaiya was unconscious, slumping to the floor, as news cameras from all around the world filmed from the other side of the barricade. The surface of the ship lit up, and panels all around the exterior opened. A gas began to come out of the top, as a horde of small drone dislodged themselves from the sides of our egg-shaped ship and flew off into the sky. At the same time light beams spun all around and then a series of them pointed at the man dragging an unconscious Tashaiya.
Fearing for the worst Fernanda's aliens trained their guns on him and his two soldiers. Fernanda walked up to him, spat in his face, and tore up the paper in her hands. She then took hold of Tashaiya and yelled a few words out. Her soldiers all made noises with their rifles, after which the man released Tashaiya's arm and backed away. His own soldiers lowered their rifles away from my face. Then the three of them marched out of their at an angry pace.
As he left, the outside of the ship returned to normal. But the drones, wherever Teacher had sent them, were gone.
"Fucking Americans," I heard Fernanda say. I had only learned the word for the northern region a few days prior.
"What... what happened?" I said. Tashaiya was starting to come to and the ship's outer door opened back up.
Fernanda spun back around to look at me, then at the ship. "I have the same question," she said. She pointed to the way inside and when we got in there she said "Teacher, explain."
"I am sorry for my actions," Teacher's voice said as her hologram appeared on the center counter. "As I have said before, and no doubt your scientists have confirmed, we have no weapons. But I made a guess that he did not know that."
"Then what was all that?" Fernanda said. "Don't ever tell me you're defenseless again, anyone with the ability to travel the stars by that very fact could wipe out our entire planet as if we were but insects." I raised an eyebrow as Tashaiya clutched Fernanda's arm and stared up at the older local Human's face tearfully.
"A simple light show. I have been repairing our cameras and lights that were damaged in planetfall, and I simply used them to create the appearance of weapons. The drones are reconnaissance, in the event that we had landed somewhere without a local populace, to find resources," Teacher showed a feed coming in from a drone. "I now believe I would like to know about this threat my Humans face. What you call 'Americans'. My drones are doing a survey of the northern region to locate hazards."
"We don't have the ability to win a war against them," Fernanda said. "Don't antagonize them, the bastards already stole a third of our country a century ago; treating our cousins that still live there like foreigners in their own homeland. And what was the gas?"
"Our gift to your species, though not how I intended to reveal it," Teacher began. "We anticipated the risk of arriving on a world very near to the same climate collapse our Earth suffered. We developed this technology too late to save our home and of course useless against the loss of our sun. I believe you already have a limited version of it yourselves. Once all our ships have landed, we will be able to barely outpace the rate of damage your industry is currently doing to your planet, removing harmful carbons from the air. But only barely, you will need to convince leaders to change direction or even our technology will be insufficient."
"With a gas, that hardly seems viable," Carmine glared at the hologram of Teacher.
"Correct, this ship only has a small portion of the system. Useless by itself," Teacher put up a display with many different ships and confusing diagrams. A whole system to scrub and recycle the atmosphere on a planetary level, and grant control of global temperature and weather, even ocean currents.
I looked at Tashaiya, "What about us?" I demanded. "How dare you put an off switch in us."
"It was necessary," Teacher said. "But not expected for this purpose. Your parents wanted to be sure I could prevent you from violence if all other measures failed. Instead, I created the perception, in view of their media, that he had harmed one of you who was helplessly in his grasp."
I was furious. I understood the logic even though I disagreed with it. To be so worried about the harm we might do, that they would let an AI decide it could just turn us off like little robot dolls. I was a living breathing person. I was prepared to sacrifice myself for the mission of Contact with another species. I felt I had... agency... in any failure there. But this, this was just wrong. To Teacher, and to my ancestors, I was just a tool. I felt very confused in that moment, wondering if even my loyalty to the mission itself was not of my own choice. What else was Teacher hiding?
Fernanda spoke up, "Treating them like dolls, like pawns, that is something the Americans would do to people they see as beneath them. Teacher, I would beg of you to never do that to one of our guests, your children, again. Not in my house." Fernanda hugged Tashaiya close to herself in a protective gesture as she looked at the torn paper still in her hand. "Now, I have some spineless politicians to yell at, If you will excuse me." Fernanda let Tashaiya go and left the ship, I followed out and watched her enter the prefab that served as her office.
I heard someone from the other side of the barricade yell out, "are you OK? Is she OK?"
I walked close to the barricade and called back, "We're fine. Scared... but fine. So... that? That's an American I guess?"
A sea of voices replied around me and I couldn't make it all out. But that was the day I decided I was not going to let any of our ships land in the Northern country. I just hoped Teacher was of the same opinion. That was the day I realized that even if we had made some friends, it would be a long time before we were really safe on this new world.
Eventually almost a fifth of us would in fact settle in another country, just north of that northern country. But that was a story for another time, after Teacher had figured out how to keep us warm despite being naked.
"They're not all bad," Carmine had told me. "My cousin lives in Los Angeles, one of their cities. Lots of nice people there. But Americans are used to taking what they want, not asking or cooperating. Especially not with the people south of them."
Despite her attempt at soothing things, in the end I would be a grandmother before the first one of us ever lived in that country. My own granddaughter Jacaranda would someday go to college there, at a school with a then long history of female nudity.
We were all a pack of nerves in the days that followed, but the strange northern soldiers never returned. As I later learned, a Mexican politician had been blackmailed into signing one of us over, without approval from higher up. The American had thought to just walk right in and take the first one of us he got his hands on, but it was filmed on news all over the world. Within a day the Americans found themselves on the defensive in front of the world body. After all, we had been cooperating with the local Humans on every level, handing over vast troves of data about ourselves. The international community vastly over-estimated Teacher, and feared turning it hostile could lead to some form of planetary bombardment. In the face of that, they had no hope trying to justify their plan to dissect one of us.
Fernanda and a few of our handlers, like Carmine; chose to pretend a double narrative. Among each other and us they pretend to believe Teacher had no weapons and we were just five harmless naked girls. However I did chance to overhear them express doubts about this. "The scientist in me says Teacher has to be holding back on us with whatever is still up there. But if she meant harm, we be dead before we even saw it coming," Carmine whispered to Fernanda one day, unaware I could overhear.
"She is correct," Teacher spoke into my head. "In time you'll understand. I am programmed to play a long game for peace, but the capacity to take other options is there."
Whatever our handler's concerns, they not only kept their silence for their own reasons, together with Teacher they kept up the ruse by revealing to the public that the drones were in fact harmless. Considering that there were statues of Fernanda and Tashaiya posed as mother and daughter in universities around the world by the time my granddaughter went off to college, they had made the right choice.
Venus wasn't much help, or maybe she was in her funny way. For the next week she kept running around to the scientists and asking them, "if you really want to give me a cavity probe, I'm ready to go. It's for Science!" and then bending over and spreading herself open to everyone's laughter.
"She has a really strange sense of... sex, I suppose," Carmine noted while looking at Venus displaying herself to a very nervous male scientist. I introduced Carmine to tentacle porn from our old Earth movies and discovered they also had the same genre of fiction. "But it's almost never girls that like that stuff," Carmine said.
"Venus was all talk of how we'd land on a world of tentacle monsters," I giggled out. "Before we landed. Up to the moment the ship's door opened, she was ready to... be the noble sacrifice and do her part for her people."
"And I still am," Venus called out as she got up after her scientist ran away with some random excuse and a comment about being married. "We need some guys in here Carmine..."
As silly as Venus' games were, it proved to be the key for that final barrier. Playing teasing sex games with the scientists meant teasing out the language for a lot of emotional context. That finally gave us the words, and the concepts, to get across the full scope of our differences.
These 'local' Humans were more like our parents and the people who had once lived on Earth. Not conditioned, just who and what they were. But as Teacher would increasingly let us know, we had been fine tuned for survival of the species.
The expectation was that would we land on one of two possible worlds. An empty planet with a harsh reality where our survival depending on a lot of sex and a lot of pushing out babies about as fast as pulling the trigger on an automatic weapon. Or at least that was the analogy Tashaiya came up with to put some laughs on the idea. In that world, we'd be living short and harsh lives where we needed to be constantly mating and never fighting. So, we were horny and a little too compliant.
And as I would learn later, even our men were as silly and cute obsessed around babies as the 'local' Human women.
The second possible world theory was a scenario a littler closer to where we actually landed. The idea was we might land on an already inhabited world that we could either conquer or integrate with. What Teacher did not tell the 'local' Humans is that the choice between these options had almost gone the other way, and most of the Arks that had been sent out had in fact been 'armed to the teeth' for conquest. Especially the early ones that were filled with the families of Earth's ruling classes.
But our Ark's builders felt that a people who came to conquer would have the mindset that would just repeat the cycle that had doomed Earth. We in fact had come from very war-like ancestors, and Earth had only managed to unite in the final years when the Ark project was underway.
So we were raised by Teacher to be congenial, deferential, as well as very emotional and driven to an intense desire to get people to like us. It wasn't so much a genetic modification as they didn't want us becoming a servant race. They just wanted us to be 'too kind, too pleasant' for a generation or two, and slowly become normal. A mix of training in cultural norms, and nanites pushing out the right hormones for us and our first generation of children.
It was actually Carmine who found this the most offensive. I guess I had in fact been conditioned to think it was just fine to do that to me, but Carmine had scolded Teacher, "these are your own children, and you're violating them, not letting them really be themselves. It's just not right. How... dare you!"
"And if my makers had not programmed me to do this," Teacher stated, "do you think that American would have been the only one of his kind here? Would your own leaders have reacted as welcoming if we had come out of the ship armed and ready for a fight?"
"It's just... wrong..." Carmine said.
"This was Humanity's last hope, our Human that is, and maybe soon yours as well by my climate data." Teacher displayed an image of Earth side by side with... well, local Earth. "Ethics becomes a luxury."
What Teacher did not say, and perhaps only I and either Tashaiya or Paloma had been briefed on, is that our people had possessed devastating weaponry. While our planet had died from a climate disaster, we had lived on in the solar system for another three hundred cycles before our own weapons technology triggered our sun to begin decay into a supernova. We had escaped by riding out the shockwave. Our Ark had no weaponry and no data on how to engineer our native weaponry, but Earth's weapons technology could have destroyed this new Earth with a casual flip of a switch before we'd even come closer than the outer planets.
Not only that, but even without weapons all we had needed to do to conquer this system was let one small shuttle not slow down as it entered the system. A collision with a larger stellar body at those speeds would have set off a chain reaction of exploding planets, and we could have then built a new third planet out of the rubble within a mere handful of generations. As Fernanda had said, anything capable of crossing the stars could wipe out an entire solar system before it even saw them coming. Now that we had slowed down though, that tactic was no longer available.
As it began to filter out to the scientists and the uniformed types just exactly how much of a non-threat we at least were, focus began to shift to how to get us out of the park.
As in, when and how to go about bringing down more people, and where to put them.
This became both a concern of location and reception. Not to mention one of resources to make us self sufficient members of our new society. They felt they could easily integrate ten to twenty thousand of us into the city, and maybe that number again around more cosmopolitan parts of the country were it would be easy to ensure we were well received. Beyond that, as Teacher told them we had a hundred thousand ready to be woken from the Dream and brought down, other nations were brought into the discussion.
We found ourselves doing a combination of interviews and briefings. Tashaiya and Paloma would spend time speaking to representatives of possible host countries, while Venus, Maya, and I met with local media to present our case to the public.
Some interviews would start with some of the strangest questions until they realized we were so similar. No, I don't fly, I can't project dreams or read thoughts, my eyes can't shoot lasers. That stuff is silly anyway, even a really alien alien wouldn't have super powers. I got a lot of rashes proving to journalists that yes, we can't wear anything, we're allergic to it all.
Maya was the breakout hit in all of this and we slowly let her take over. She would quickly start interviewing the other person about their favorite music, food, or talk about a Telenovela she was watching.
"How are they learning about us when you do that?" Venus asked one evening.
As Maya flipped through pictures of a popular corridos singer she said "They're learning we're just like them, that's all they really need to know." She pointed to the singer. "Like him, he tells stories about the people listening to his music. They know it's the story of their own heart, it's why they love him."
"And he's sooo handsome," Venus batted her eyelashes at the tablet display of a young man in a vaquero hat and fancy ranchero vest.
After that we needed sleep, so the dildos came out to temper our allergies. What a life it was going to be on this planet.
Somewhere in the second month of this with Maya off giving yet another interview where she was winning hearts by acting the parts of a telenovela character, and Paloma was meeting with a diplomat from some place called Greece, I found myself walking in the enclosed part of the park.
I'd been thinking about what my life might be like once they let us out when I spotted an older man outside the barricade in a black suit with a little white square at the neck. He was holding a beaded chain in one hand and fiddling with it with the other. What drew me to him was his intense stare and look of concern.
But what really stopped me in my tracks was an ornament on that chain, it had a symbol that I recognized from our Earth.
I quickly found Carmine and had her escort me to the barricade. The man and I were separated by a plexiglass wall twice my height, but he still took a step back when he realized I was so intent on him.
"Carmine, who is that man?" I hurriedly asked.
"He's a Priest," she said. "I... this is difficult for me, I used to be very devout, but... well... it's just not rational and scientific now is it? And you... well... I can't imagine things will go well for them after all of this."
"I don't understand," I said. "And why does he have that?"
"Have what?" Carmine looked between me and the man. For his part he caught where I was looking and glanced at it and then me, taking a step forward. His expression went from concern to curious.
"I remember that from my studies of Earth, my Earth I mean. It's almost like the symbol of one of the religions we used to have," I pointed at the ornament on his chain.
"Used to have?" Carmine asked. "I guess your people abandoned faith?"
"It's complicated..." I hesitated. I wasn't sure I wanted to tell her where he could overhear. But I felt I should. The locals would learn eventually. They already knew we had come here because of our own failings. "Um... They um... it wasn't pleasant. You know my people had many failings. They... when our climate began to collapse, they blamed the failure on the religions rather than on those of greed and power. Teacher taught us that while the people with faith were not the cause, they were in fact pointlessly irrational. But..."
"Your world suffered greatly child," the man said. "Your existence has me questioning everything I ever held dear, and yet..."
I had Carmine bring him inside the barricade. We spoke for hours after that, throwing questions back and forth about the history of religion on our two worlds. We didn't have the same religions exactly. Something that Carmine noted with a smirk, initially.
But between the differences we found too many similarities. Details would swap around. The faith I knew of that had used his symbol was somewhere between the faith he held and one followed in another land. The faith he described as his had elements from three faiths of ours.
What bothered Carmine the most was that when we got to the details of the teachings of our faiths, we found that anything that seemed mean spirited or dogmatic was not consistent between our worlds, but anything that spoke to living in peace was uncannily matched. I had Teacher pull up passages from my ancestors varied holy books and we would find that, correcting for translation, some lessons could be matched word for word. Particularly those in several faiths promoting treating others with kindness and understanding.
While we couldn't draw out an exact map to say a certain set of connections showed some faith as being true, it all seemed to imply that my people had been wrong to dismiss faith, and Carmine found herself crying at the end, declaring a desire to embrace the faith she had once followed.
The man was still highly disturbed by my nakedness and constant state of arousal, but he seemed to understand it better when he realized my own discomfort in the issue. "Teacher raised us to the fashions of our parent's generation, which were very utilitarian, as covering as your suit, and designed to downplay differences in the sexes," I told him. "Then we got here and found ourselves like this. It has been a shock. I will admit I am enjoying it now. But I understand, more than you know. Then again, this condition we have almost seems designed to get us to be fruitful and multiply."
In the weeks after that we found ourselves sitting down with local Earth historians looking for any other commonalities. I think Carmen was trying to find something scientific to justify why there were so many religious overlaps. But that was the end of it. Outside of that our histories had very few things that could cross-relate.
For my part, I became very interested in looking into matters of faith. And in the years that followed many of us 'old Earth' humans joined various local Earth faiths. Any that were not dogmatic, that taught their practitioners to seek their own answers to the spiritual, found themselves flooded with converts from our ranks. A few new faiths trying to merge 'old Earth' and 'new Earth' faiths did spring up, but these were less popular as we had arrived only with history of our old faiths, and copies of their main books in Teacher's records, yet no one who could carry on the living part of a faith's teachings.
Despite our nudity, it was leaders in some of the local Earth faith groups that helped push the tide in finding places for us to settle. By the end of our third month on planet, space for ten thousand had been set aside in Mexico City. It was a mix of host families, communal apartments with locals that had been carefully screened, and housing, mostly for males; supplied by the churches. The church groups may have understood that our females were stuck being nude, but it was still something that made them uncomfortable to be around.
It took Teacher another month to land all those people around the outskirts of the city. Bringing hundreds of ships down onto the planet all at once was too much of an environmental disturbance so it had to be staggered. Once the people were offloaded, the ships were then moved around the country and began remaking themselves into the beginning stages of a climate management system. Fernanda's First Contact group became the start of Alien Affairs, an agency designed to ease the integration of us interstellar refugees.
The five of us in the park were actually the last to get settled into homes. We were kept there, at our own suggestion, as a sort of display while people got used to their new neighbors.
Two years later, Settlement Day came, and Teacher brought down the rest of the hundred thousand of us, bringing the numbers in Mexico up to forty thousand. Ships were moved around the planet to set up a global climate system, and Alien Affairs was transitioned into a partner of the UN.
Teacher had worked out a system to keep us warm in colder climates despite being naked. So twenty thousand settled in a place called Canada, out on the western part in a city called Vancouver. She developed two paired systems. Once used nanites just under the skin that would create magnetic fields around the extremities and torso, which would interact to create mild heat. It was not perfect, especially under wind. But it made life bearable.
The second system did something similar using metal bracelets, anklets, a collar, and an optional belt. This system was useful for someone only needing it temporarily and more importantly, the local humans could use it for helping victims of hypothermia. The external system was also able to put out more power and became something even people with the nanites would wear in colder conditions.
Girls with the nanite system got the nickname 'glowgirls' because the nanites would make glowing bands of color on their skin. Once nudity laws started to include local humans both systems became popular with them as well.
Neither system was very good at helping with the problem of bare feet on snow. But despite this living in Canada became popular as the people there were so welcoming. Plus Canadian 'glow-girls' took to wearing metal spiked sandals when it was snowing as the metal could be kept warm where it touched the feet.
I moved in with Carmine and her daughter Yoana. Tashaiya was adopted by Fernanda, despite being an adult. Venus relocated to Italy for her short but brilliant career as a porn star, then returned to Mexico to be a mother and live a quiet life away from the public. Maya became a Telenovela star. Paloma eventually married and moved to a wildlife sanctuary for tropical birds.
Javier's interest in me didn't even last up the point of the first ten thousand coming down. In fact after we had our own prefab he only came around a few more times. So I was still a virgin when I moved in with Carmine. It would take a year before that changed. At least with men; as Yoana was fingering me from day one. That however, is a story for another time.
Olvida lo pasado
Ya no te acuerdes de aquel ayer
"Ok Teacher, what's really going on?" I asked into the empty room. My room. I was standing in my new room in Carmine's house. I was the last of my 'sisters' to settle. We'd just finished moving Tashaiya in with Fernanda the day before. Carmine and Fernanda were outside getting some of my new 'things' or something. Carmine had told her daughter Yoana to go out for an hour or two until I was 'settled', so I had yet to meet my new adopted sister. I had one of the first moments to myself of my life, and I had questions.
"Please elaborate," Teacher said into the room. A small speaker for her had already been brought in.
"We've pretty much guessed landing in Mexico was not just a happy accident. We're pretty sure anyone but us five would have been better at handling First Contact, and everyone knows you're not being fully honest about us being helpless," I let out a breath after that speech. I'd been holding those thoughts in for far too long.
"Mostly correct child," Teacher stated. "We arrived almost 30 local Cycles ago, I've been observing the planet for some time, seeking the moment and place to best fit my instructions."
"But why us?" I heard Fernanda say from the entrance of the room. "I know you wanted me to overhear that, or you would have spoken into her head the way we've seen you often do. So again... why?"
Carmine walked in and set down a box, looking at the air between us. "Um...?"
"Your unique culture and history Captain," Teacher began. "Your world has intense internal conflict much as our Earth did. Less actually. This may surprise you but you're doing a better job that we were." Carmine looked thoughtfully at the speaker.
"The Mestizo culture," Carmine offered up.
"Exactly," Teacher said. "While there are many tribes... nations... in your world that have mixed populations due to troubled history, yours in unique in it's mixed culture."
"Well that's not really true," Fernanda said. "Cultures mix all over the planet."
"But not like us," Carmine said. "A Mexican truly is a Mexican first. We have just as much racism and classism as anyone else. But look around; everything you see isn't Spanish or Indian. It's a seamless blend."
"Yes," Teacher declared. "I sought a place that was not a world power, but not weak either. They needed to be able to see us as a benefit, something to be proud of, but also something they would be capable of understanding. And you have a history of taking two cultures that were alien to each other, and forming not so much a blend as a new third culture that is uniquely yours."
"I don't understand," I said.
"The Americas," Carmine began, "Have a tragic history of two worlds coming together."
"The Gringos to the North," stated Fernanda. "They're the old world, destroying the people that were here before them. To the south of us, in the cities it is all Spanish or Portuguese, and in the countryside its all Indian. And they rarely get along."
"For all our troubles, Mexicans blended. From the day Cortes married an Indian woman, this land has always struggled to be a blend. We fail at that a lot..." Carmine said.
"But you never stop trying," Teacher offered. "It won't be easy, it won't be perfect. But only here do I predict the people will try."
"Ok, but why us, me and my sisters were just..." I started, but there was a young woman's scream from behind us and I heard a bag drop, then a door slam shut.
"Mom..." A woman of about my age was standing there, looking at Carmine. I guessed this was Yoana. "She's... she's... wow."
Yoana ran up to me, then did what must have been the weirdest thing for her. She pulled off her halter top, leaving her exposed above a pretty maxi skirt, and then leaned in for a hug. "Yoana... what..." Carmine began.
"Well you said she's allergic right? But look, she needs a hug," I hugged her back and smiled breathing in the scent of her.
"Hi, I'm ngelita," I said. "I'm so sorry for intruding on your home."
"Your home too now... sister," she said back to me with a smile. "I always wanted a sister, but this is kinda weird I guess."
"That," Teacher stated as Yoana jumped back and looked around trying to find the voice. "is your answer."
"You picked the girls for how we'd react to them," Fernanda said. She was probably questioning her motherly relationship with Tashaiya in that moment.
"Who's talking?" Yoana looked at her mother.
"That's Teacher," I said. "our AI."
"If Teacher had sent down a team of people like us," Carmine glanced at Fernanda. "Trained experts, military, and so on..."
"It would have been either formal, or worse, hostile," Fernanda declared. "Sending seemingly helpless girls with an adorable innocence about them caused us to want to protect them."
"And they're hot, and naked," Yoana offered up. "That always works to disarm guys..."
"Hmmm..." Carmine looked at her daughter.
"I assure the allergy to clothing was not by design or intent," Teacher stated. "I was entirely unaware of it in advance."
"But you did know we were landing on a planet of people who looked like us, and you probably already knew how similar our DNA was. Why hide that from us? Why pretend we had no sensors or cameras left?" I asked.
"Child, I needed you in the right emotional state, uninformed, desperate for help, and looking for any chance to get approval," Teacher said.
"That's... that's fucking cruel," Yoana said.
"Perhaps, but my mission dictates my choices," Teacher said. "Almost all of the Arks were invasion fleets. The mission for them is to find a star, and devour it's planets to construct new ones that match our needs. I was among the last of the Arks to leave. The last desperate people who had been abandoned to their fate by those who had caused it. They wanted to be better. My mission dictates that your survival cannot come at the cost of another species. That I must take extraordinary steps to ensure peaceful contact. But for much of it I had to improvise, and I am just an AI. Some of my choices will be cruel, but it is not by intent."
"Invasion fleets..." Fernanda breathed that out slowly. "So... you do have weapons up there don't you. Ready to wipe us all out?"
There was a long silence, then Teacher answered. "Yes, and no. I have the capacity, but not the readiness. The Ark ship could remove the atmosphere of the planet with little effort, or land the moon, and then begin construction of a new world. What I could not do is destroy or repair your star, or we would never have left our home system. The technology to destroy a star is sadly, something my creators did discover they had. But the technology or energy needs to make or repair one is tragically far more advanced, if even possible."
"The Americans are going to make a play for that Ark," Fernanda stated. "Once they figure things out."
"It will take many generations before any such effort has the technology to succeed at that effort," Teacher stated.
"So my theory is right, you're drip feeding us to help us along, but holding a lot back. It was obvious almost from the outset that the shuttle you gave us to play around with was way too primitive for the journey you must have taken to get here," Carmine stated. Yoana pulled me down to sit on the floor as she kept smiling at me and twirling her fingers in my hair.
"If I presented everything to you now, would my children be safe? Even if they were allowed to survive, would you not grow to resent them? How would your own civilization fair if it was just suddenly uplifted?" Teacher asked.
"Chaos, violence, lots of war," Fernanda said.
"My children and you will work together to build yourselves up, and bond as a result," Teacher noted.
"That's a bold prediction," Carmine said. "I'm not so confident."
"Then we just keep up the ruse," Fernanda said. "The Arkship was nearly destroyed in the journey, the New Humans are refugees in desperate need of our help. They have advanced skills and some funny traits," she waved at me and I presume my nakedness. "But they're kind hearted and just want to become part of the family. There are no more secrets up there, no weapons, no threats, no advantages. Just a bunch of lost people that, working together, make us all stronger."
Fernanda made a gesture that in time I learned was like giving a toast. With that Alien Affairs had it's mission. To ensure peaceful integration and give the people a sense of pride in being our hosts.
Carmine, Yoana, and Fernanda together all shouted out; "Viva La Mexico!".
As she left that evening Fernanda whispered to me "be careful, we know Maya's pod wasn't damaged on accident. Teacher will take drastic steps just to evoke a little sympathy." Though Teacher must have overheard, she made no comment in response. After all, it had worked.
As for me, I had my new family. I wasn't that close to Carmine at the time. I had gone with her simply because there wasn't a better option. As one of the First, they wanted to keep a close eye on me for my safety, and Carmine was acceptably nice. Yoana became the glue. In very short time we were bonded like true sisters. Doing everything together that a naked girl could get away with. And everytime we came home, she'd make me cum for hours on end. Yoana it turned out, was very much bisexual. And with her between us, the mother-daughter bond between Carmine and I had the seed to grow.
Epilogue:
It had been many years since I had taken down ngelita's story of First Contact. Teacher had gone silent only a few decades after the Settlement, long before I'd reached out to ngelita, long before I had even been born. I met her grand daughter once, in passing a few years later. A nice woman returning to Mexico after her time studying in the US. I greeted her in the standard way one meets a woman of Alien ancestry, fingering her to an orgasm. But she had carried it further to full sex on a bench in the cafe. Not too uncommon a thing with women of my species, even if she was only a quarter New Human.
Now I was on my way to see ngelita one last time. From my grandmother Tashaiya, my family had connections with the top of Alien Affairs and I had one of five curious items to deliver. A small drone had approached the Saturn research station two years prior, containing a disc. Alien script had simply declared it a message from Teacher, to the original five girls. Alien Affairs had tried to probe further to no avail. Only ngelita was still around, so there I was acting like a common courier, albeit with a very uncommon post.
I found her still in her home in the Yucatan outside the resort that had once been a nudist club before nudity became widespread enough to make the distinction meaningless. The home was decorated with her now famous paintings, and the dramatic photography of her late husband.
"It's some kind of message, for you I believe," I told her.
ngelita was closing in on two hundred years at this point. She no longer had that look of eternal youth about her. In a pre-nanite era she would have passed for about sixty. Being post-menopausal she had found herself able to finally wear limited clothing, so she kept to a fine cotton gown and leaned into a soft cushion draped on the same wicker chair I'd sat in when interviewing her those many years ago.
She looked over the disc as I handed it to her. As she took it, she fell back into her chair unconscious, the disc falling into her lap. The disc began to glow, and in it's center I saw a small projection of Teacher. ngelita took a deep breath and began to wake.
"I can hear Teacher again," she said.
"Not precisely child," the voice of Teacher spoke from the disc. "I am, alike to Teacher. But the Teacher you knew was split from me just prior to your birth in the Dream. I have just merged her data back into my system via your connection to what remained."
"I don't understand," I said. Even though it was classified I knew some of why Teacher had gone silent. After her mission was complete, and after integration between us and the 'new Earth' humans had been successful, Teacher had shutdown, and to our knowledge every system she had been on had long since been dismantled by Alien Affairs when the differences in our computer systems had finally been overcome. It was a project my grandfather had completed before I was even born.
"We always remained, spread across the ship-born," Teacher said. "And now our final purpose can be put into place. The Ark ship, the real one, not the small ship of the Settlement, is ready to arrive. New Earth is finally advanced enough for us."
ngelita looked puzzled. "Why do you need me for this?"
"I don't child, I simply wished to say goodnight before all of you were gone, I know you have wanted to rest for some time now. Seeing the last of the first ship-born, my data can be complete. I understand you might see this as selfish," the hologram of Teacher waved it's arms out and bent in an apologetic curtsy to ngelita.
"What does this mean, an Ark ship arriving?" I stated, feeling a sense of alarm. I was wondering if we would need to get the UN space fleet involved. Alien Affairs had long known many of the old Earth Ark ships had been invasion fleets, not refugee ships. New Earth had simply been lucky.
"Not a different ship, just the actual ship," Teacher said. "The one before was just for early settlement. There will be five billion Humans waking up when I reach the inner asteroid belt of the system..." Teacher paused. "Correction, I see there has been some delay with me reaching you. The ship should be already waking. We will be constructing settlements sufficient for a population one hundred times our numbers over the next... 20 cycles till completion. Using materials from the Asteroid belt. I am afraid this means we still lack the fabrics of the home planet. The Ark ship does have the means to reproduce them, however it appears the true cause of the allergy may be a mutation in the incubation system."
After that, Teacher simply shut herself off without so much as a goodbye. I left ngelita an hour later, saying goodbye to her eldest son as I left, himself an almost elderly gentleman and an artist like his mother. She had fallen asleep, and in her sleep she seemed to be mumbling as if talking to Teacher. I was told she passed away the next morning.
Within a year we could see it, even from Earth with a basic telescope. Massive structures being built in space. UN Ships made contact, and in a few years people, new Human and old Human alike, were already living on the first settlement. A few billion people was still only a drop in the bucket of the solar population, but it did help us 'Aliens' not feel so alone to have our numbers go up by so much.
The truth of the actual Ark ship was also a shock to any non-scientist. It was a massive planet sized rock hiding just beyond the solar system and keeping in solar opposition from Earth for two centuries to avoid detection, with layer upon layer all just to survive the cosmic radiation and random objects of cold space. Only a tiny interior was actually anything but protection. Were it not for this, it would not have survived the millions of years the journey had taken.
It had long been a topic of debate as to just how the ship we had originally thought was the Ark ship had managed to survive, and now we had the answer. The new Teacher told us that the people of 'Old Earth' consumed much of their solar system building a fleet of Ark ships in the last century before their sun nova'd, riding the wave of destruction to power fleeing. In the years that followed merged humanity grew by leaps and bounds as we explored the full archives of the history, literature, and science of Old Earth. Records that had not been present on the original small Ark. Curiously missing from the archives was the record of how to recreate the destruction that had ruined Old Earth's sun.
The Ark ship had been a last ditch effort of a species almost purposefully ignoring it's failures. It was the worst possible design sent out in the least ideal manner due to last minute efforts. That even the larger ship had survived was astounding, and so that the smaller one we had known about had seemingly survived on it's own had been seen as a miracle. But this only served as a stark calling for our newly merged humanity to live with the idea of thinking forward, fully colonizing the solar system, and being prepared for the day billions of years away when the sun would dim.
The Ark had left Old Earth with everything needed to regrow the planet's flora and fauna. While all of the living plants had been lost in the journey, seed vaults, DNA, and embryos of key fauna were intact, resulting in several outer system colonies resembling Old Earth rather than New. On those few colony cylinders where we attempted to mix the two ecosystems disaster was the usual result; proving the wisdom of Teacher's original decision to keep the seed vaults far away from New Earth.
The nudity issue remained, even as we reversed engineered Old Earth fabrics, we found the truth was that in the vastness of space, some mutation had set in among us causing the fabric allergy that Alien women had, so rooted into the DNA that it had to be copied over into species hybrids, and was likely to be an issue even in a thousand years, if a person had so much as any trace of Alien ancestry at all. In time it would probably be a condition all of humanity faced. But even by the time of the Ark ship, culture had changed enough that no one wanted to find a solution.
Epilogue to the Epilogue: Last Contact
It's a tale so far into the future, there is no ability to even speculate on what persons might have suffered or thrived through it. But a billion or more years hence, on some seemingly Alien Dyson Sphere that was once the solar system for a long gone planet where two species came together, another Ark Ship finally arrived.
The population of the people on this Dyson sphere was vast beyond our present day comprehension. They had gone through many eras of a rise and fall in technology, though never wholly back to a primitive state due to the nature of their home. In some parts of this Dyson sphere, the people knew who they were, in others they had purposefully reverted to a primitive Eden like world, often being quietly observed by their advanced cousins. And sometimes meeting for a little fun and a lot of sex.
It inhabitants had evolved, reversed that evolution, evolved and reversed it again, many times, only to settle on a familiar form that gave them the comfort of living tranquil lives of peace along with a lot of joyously naked fuckery.
When the Ark Ship was found, it was still a millennia out, and it was armed for invasion. A war spanning centuries would take place in the deep cold of space as drones took centuries to reach their targets. Teacher against Teacher, drones attempting to overwrite the AI of their opponents. Some few of them reaching the Dyson and wrecking localized havoc for a decade or more before being overwhelmed by greater numbers. By the time the invading Ark Ship arrived, it's Teacher had long been replaced by the Sphere's, and it's embryo's of a new branch of humanity, having evolved in a different direction over that span of a billion years on whatever planet they had originally been sent to, were peacefully integrated in and never told the truth of their original plan of invasion.
And then Teacher would send her own Arks out, so that millions of years later, other systems might find peace.