I hope you enjoy this story.
Edited by DRGRIFFIN
Back to work but with a glow
Ivan picked me up Monday morning at the regular time. We treated each other like nothing had happened over the weekend. We were again employee and employer with me being the boss. But my heart and other parts fluttered every time I looked at him, remembering his beautiful dick in my pussy.
As soon as I had a few spare moments I IM'ed Kiko.
Me: 'Where did you get your body hair removed?'
Kiko: 'Kay's Dermatology. Give her my name so I can get credit. Can we have lunch tomorrow?'
Me: 'Will give your name. Can't do lunch, I'm booked solid tomorrow. Call me?'
Kiko: 'When can I call?'
Me: 'Will text you. Sorry can't meet. I really want to. What about later this week?'
Kiko: 'I am slammed.'
Me: 'Can I call you at noon? I am eating lunch in my office today. I had so much fun Saturday.'
Kiko: 'Us to. Call is about another outing.'
Me: 'Can't wait.'
Later in the morning after making an appointment with Kay's Dermatology I texted Ivan:
Me: 'Can you work late tonight?'
Ivan: 'Sure. Just tell me what you need.'
Me: 'I have an appointment at Kay's Dermatology at seven. Pick me up at 6:30. Thought you could have dinner while I get some work done. Dinner on the firm.'
Ivan: 'Sure. No problem. Wonder what that work is?'
Me: 'You get one guess.'
At lunch, I called Kiko. Kiko answered, "Hi, Sofia."
I giggled, something Miss Ricci never did. "Hi, my friends call me Sof."
"Nice touch. Did you get an appointment with Kay?"
"Tonight, at seven."
"Are you doing laser everywhere?"
"Yes."
"Good, I think that will please the boys. Here is what Ivan and I have planned. I have a monthly party at my place. I live in the same complex as Ivan. I am in 401B. This month is poker night a week from Saturday night. I usually provide some kind of entertainment. This month we want you to be the entertainment. It is a chance to introduce Sofia Yurin. What do you think?"
I was somewhat giddy thinking about being entertainment for a bunch of guys. I giggled again, "Sof is excited to be introduced to yawl's friends. What are you thinking?"
"We are thinking that Sofia Yurin, the highly emotional divorced cougar, had a bad date and calls her new friend Ivan to drop by for comfort. Ivan agrees, and Sofia crashes the party. I invite her to stay and play poker. I think you can figure out what to do from there."
I asked, "What will you be doing?"
"I serve and usually am part of the entertainment."
I informed, "I don't know how to play poker."
Kiko laughed in the phone, "I have a feeling you can learn in time for the party. But the idea I have is for you to lose and stay in the game by offering something besides money. The buy in is $50 and when you lose the $50 you are out of the game."
I laughed, "I got it. So, I have two weeks to get a hairless pussy, a new wardrobe, become a middle-aged emotional woman, brush up on my Russian, learn to play poker, think of a believable false life story and learn how to seduce young men."
Kiko also laughed, "Yep, shouldn't be a problem for a female entrepreneur like you. The seducing part is easy. Just show up dressed like a wanton huzzie and with your body that takes care of itself. Want some help with a wardrobe?"
"That would be good. I really have no idea what an emotional cougar looks like."
Kiko asked, "Do you have a thin see through bra?"
"No."
"What is your bra size?"
"I am a 38F."
"My gracious Sof. I knew you were large but gracious me. Those things of yours stick out like a 24-year old C-cup."
I laughed, "Best money can buy. If you ever want to know where to get it done, I can help you."
Kiko said, "I'll keep that in mind but for now I am fine. Looks good on you but I don't have the build for big ones. We need to have a girl talk sometime soon."
I said, "We really do. Let's try to do it before the poker party."
Kiko said, "Let's do it."
I said, "Need to run. Got companies to run. Talk to you later. And Kiko, thanks."
"My pleasure. I am going to enjoy corrupting you."
That night Ivan carried me to Kay's Dermatology. I gave him an envelope with a thousand dollars cash. I said, "Here, this is to help you and Kiko with expenses. She called me about the poker party. I appreciate this, and I don't want to be a freeloader on you two. At least where money is involved. Please make sure she takes what she needs for expenses and let me know when you need more."
"Thank you, ma'am."
"I am going to get a cooking lesson this week also. I am taking your rules to heart. My rules at work, your rules at your place."
"Yes ma'am."
It took the dermatologist a lot longer than I thought to do the first of several treatments to remove body hair. The dermatologist assured me that in a week I would be healed, and each would be easier and take less time. She gave me a cream to apply for the week and told me to leave the area alone, including staying out of the sun for a week. She wanted me to come back the next week if it wasn't as smooth as the rest of me by then. The dermatologist had stayed late for me, spent a lot of time and I gave her a huge tip.
When I got into the car, Ivan asked, "How did it go?"
"I think good. I will know for sure in a week."
"Did it hurt much?"
"Not compared to other things I have done. Thanks for asking, Ivan."
Ivan smiled at me in the mirror and nodded.
The next day at lunch I got a prescription for clear light blue contacts from an optometrist. He said they could be picked up on Friday.
Later that week, Sally and I had lunch together. I told her about my past weekend with Ivan and Kiko and my upcoming adventure.
She said, "I must admit I am envious. It sounds like you are beginning to enjoy your life."
"I really am. I'm not looking for anything permanent. I just want to have fun. Speaking of that I want to find out something."
Sally smiled, "Anything I can help you with."
"How did you take Henry in your ass like that? Doesn't it hurt?"
Sally smiled, "It does initially but with some practice it makes for intense experiences. The key is not to fight it. Just let it happen. You need to get your asshole accustomed to having something in it. Once you get used to it, a man's penis shoved in feels really nice. For me it intensifies my orgasms. There is also a feeling that you are doing something special for your man or men."
"Really! How do you get used to it?"
"Go get varying sized anal plugs and put them in periodically. Make sure you use lots of lube. Start small and work up. Some women like them even if they aren't going to have a man do it. Try using one when you masturbate. You will find that you can program yourself to have orgasms with something in your ass."
"So, you really enjoy it?"
"I do. Henry and I mix it in as a curve from normal sex. Whatever that is."
Sally and I were becoming really good friends. I felt like we could discuss anything. It also seemed to me that she was getting more comfortable letting me in on the most intimate parts of her life. I had never had a friend like this and I liked it very much. I felt good to be a part of her life and discussing my feelings. I realized I had been keeping them submerged for most if not all of my life. It felt good to open up with Sally.
As Ivan drove me home Friday night, Ivan gave me a package from Kiko. When I got home I opened it. There was a note from Kiko, "See how you like this. I just wanted you to have an idea what I thought a hard-up cougar would wear. Up to you, you may find something you like better. See you next Saturday. Can't wait."
I laid out the outfit. There were three pieces. Panties, well very little bity panties, bra and what looked like a long pink tee shirt. I got naked, looked in the mirror. My pussy was healing nicely. Most of the redness was gone and, in its place was nice smooth white skin. If you looked closely you could still see little bumps and a dark shadow. I had a feeling with each treatment, there would be less dark shadow. I spread my legs and for the first time really saw what my pussy looked like. It was fat, with protruding labia. It looked like it could take a tree trunk. It was almost the opposite of Kiko that had no folds just a small thin slit that was all white with a thin line in it.
I decided that maybe some men would like this. I put on the panties. I guess you would call it a thong as it barely covered my labia, my fat pussy oozed out either side of the gusset and slipped in the crack of my ass. It felt funny. This would take some getting used to. I had always worn full sized panties. Then the bra. It had black translucent cups that barely covered the bottom half of my breasts with a black lace strip that ran just above my areolas and attached to thin black lace straps. There was a seam providing a little extra support. But my big puffy pink areolas were clearly visible, and my nubs were barely contained.
Then the dress or tee shirt. It fit very tight, I could barely get into it. The short-sleeved top just covered the bra straps and cup, leaving a lot of breasts showing. It was very tight across my broad hips. I was sure that Kiko had guessed the size incorrectly. If I pulled it down it hit me mid-thigh but any movement the tight skirt rode up.
I texted Kiko:
Me: 'Thanks for outfit but the dress is very tight.'
Kiko: 'That is the way cougar wear it.'
Me: 'Really. Okay.'
I try out the cougar outfit
On Saturday, I worked at the office then went shopping. I rarely shop. Usually I had other people shop for me. I bought a blonde wig. I wore it to an adult store and bought a package of three anal plugs and lube. I then went to the mall, again something I rarely did. I decided the average cougar wouldn't shop at my normal stores. I bought a couple of outfits I thought looked good on me and would pass as a cougar outfit.
After I had dinner at home, I tried on my new outfit. I wore a red bra that wrapped around the waist and pushed my breasts up and in. The red dress plunged in back to my waist and had a deep V in front that didn't cover the red bra when I sat down. The jagged hemline hit just above mid-thigh. I also put on a pair of thigh-high stockings, whose top was visible at the hem and a pair of red high heels.
I then put in the blue contacts and the blonde wig. Looking in the mirror, I thought this was how a cougar would look. I wondered how the boys next week would like it. Then like any good technologist, I decided I needed a trial run. I promised Proctor not to do the thing I had done with Mort. And I couldn't because my dermatologist told me to leave my pussy alone until Tuesday. So, I decided to go to a bar and see if someone would try to pick me up, but I wouldn't leave the bar with them. Remember my goal was to test the new outfit.
I went to an upscale hotel bar down town. I thought this would be safe. I got there a little after eight. I sat on a stool at the bar. The bartender served me a glass of wine. He then asked, "Are you looking for some action?"
I took this as a good sign that my cougar outfit was authentic looking. "Not right now. Thanks for asking."
I sat at the bar for about fifteen minutes when the first guy approached me. He said, "Hey beautiful. Want some company?"
I didn't like his looks. There was something that made me uneasy. I said, "No thanks, I am waiting for someone."
He said, "Well, screw you. I was willing to pay you good money."
I took this again as a good sign but wanted nothing to do with this guy. I flipped into Mercedes mode, "Get away from me! You have made a mistake."
He walked away without saying anything else.
I sat for another fifteen minutes, had almost finished my glass of wine. I decided that I would call it a night with enough evidence that my outfit was right. Just as I finished the last swallow I heard, "Are you waiting for someone? If you aren't I could really use some company."
The man was about my height and age and had a very pleasant face. He wasn't handsome, bald and a little heavy, but he looked like a sweet guy who did need some company.
I gave him my now much more practiced pleasant smile. "I'm not waiting on anyone and would love some company."
He smiled back and said, "Can I buy you another glass of wine?"
"That sounds good." The bartender was listening and placed the wine on the bar. He said, "It might be easier to talk at a table."
"Okay."
We moved to a table. Before we sat I said, "My name is Sofia. What is yours?"
"My name is Bob. Nice to meet you Sofia. That sounds like your real name."
"It is," I lied.
"You aren't a working girl, are you?"
"I'm not a prostitute if that is what you mean by working girl. I am an office worker. I am recently divorced and just wanted some company." I was testing my story for Kiko's party.
Bob smiled really big. Then thought, "I'm sorry for smiling. But this seems like fate. I travel a lot for business. My wife and I are going through a rough time. I just really wanted to talk. I was willing to pay for sex just to have someone pretty to talk to."
"You think I am pretty?"
"Absolutely. Surely you know you are beautiful. I love the outfit."
"Thanks. After a divorce, you begin to question everything. Let's just talk. Tell me about your situation."
He talked for ten minutes before I had a chance to say anything. He was a traveling salesman and was away from home a lot. He sold computer networking equipment which I knew a lot about, but I managed to act ignorant of technology. That was hard. He was sure his wife was having an affair.
He said, "I can't decide whether to get evidence on her and leave her when I do. Or pretend it isn't happening and hope for the best. Did you have that problem?"
Now this was where I knew I didn't know what to say. How could I? I married for business and never loved Mr. Freedman. I did respect him but no love.
I finally said, "Have you ever loved her?"
He said, "Oh, I still love her. I really don't blame her, assuming she is."
I said, "What do you have to lose by just asking her? Divorces are rough." I wasn't in any position to give advice but wanted him to think through what he planned to do.
He said, "Would you like another glass of wine?"
I said, "One more but then I have to go home."
He went and got us some wine. I was a little disappointed that he wasn't ogling me the way I thought he should. But I decided that was because he was stressed. As he sat the glass in front of me it happened. He got a good look down my dress and my bare chest. I liked this.
Bob said, "You are a beautiful woman and I love your dress."
"Thank you, Bob."
"How was your divorce?"
I had to flesh out my story on the fly. "We had a miserable marriage. We married too young and I don't think we were ever really in love. Just too young. Puppy love I guess. We kept trying to make it work but that only made it worse. By the time we got around to the divorce, we had both cheated on each other and we just wanted it over. While the divorce was hard, it was such a relief to have it over." It was a mix of truth and fiction.
He said, "So how long have you been back on the field?"
"Only a few months."
"How is dating?"
"Easy to get dates but harder to find anyone I am really interested in." This was true.
Bob smiled and again glared at my pushed-up breasts. "I understand that. You are one sexy women. You should be selective."
I was getting anxious to do something intimate with this man. This was such a new feeling for me and I was struggling with the conflict this caused in me. I asked, "Have you ever cheated on your wife?"
"Yes. It has always been like this. Off on a trip and usually with a pro. So, it has always been one-night thing. I am afraid she has a more permanent affair going on."
I asked, "But you don't know who it is?"
"No, but I do have an idea. I think it is a friend from church. She looks at him in a, well you know, this, ah, look."
I smiled, "I know what you mean."
I was finishing my wine. He said, "Are you ready to go home?"
I said bluntly, "Would you like a blow job?" I knew this wasn't very smooth. This was harder than I thought it would be.
He said, "Well sure. If you want to do that for me."
I said, "There is a unisex bathroom around the corner with a lock on the door. Let's go there."
He said, "Not very romantic but exciting. Would you rather come up to my room?"
"No, I just want to give you a blow job. I like you Bob and would like to do this for you." And that was true.
We went to the bathroom. I turned to Bob and he pushed the straps of my dress off my shoulders. The top of the dress dropped to expose my bra which had mounds of flesh flowing out the top and middle. He pushed the bra off my covered nipples. He leaned back and took a long look. I felt a thrill being treated like this. I was beginning to think that Sofia was an exhibitionist. Very different from Mercedes.
"You have beautiful breasts. They are so full and soft." He had placed his hands on each of them. My head fall back as I enjoyed the intense feeling on my sensitive breasts. He bent and suckled each nipple. I could feel the hard nubs extending from the soft pink large areolas. I moaned and almost had an orgasm. I think my breast were more sensitive now than before the cosmetic adjustments.
I reached down and found his belt. I unbuckled and unzipped his pants allowing them to drop to the floor. I slipped his underwear to his knees and wrapped a hand around his penis. He was hard already. He wasn't nearly as large as Ivan. I was now more experienced about size. I considered him average. After all, I had now seen four penises in my adult life.
I kept my hand wrapped around his penis as I kissed him. We were about the same height. After a lengthy kiss, I dropped to my knees. With my hand still wrapped around his shaft, I worked on the head. I was trying some new techniques. Of course, I had done my research and knew the head was very sensitive. With the other hand, I gently rubbed between his legs. He had small balls.
Bob said, "Sofia, that feels so good."
I swelled with pride. I was becoming fond of fellatio. And I loved men's penises. I liked the effect I had on men. I liked them staring at my new body. I liked giving them pleasure. I liked sex. Funny it took me to middle aged and pretending to be someone else to find this out.
I moved my hand allowing his entire penis to enter my mouth. My lips were pressing against his stomach. My tongue circled the shaft and teased the head. He moaned. I put one hand on his hip and the other raised my skirt. I was so turned on, I hoped just rubbing the outside of my panties would be enough to give myself pleasure respecting the dermatologist's direction. It did. I had a nice orgasm.
I rocked my mouth back and forth on his penis. He then matched my rhythm with small back and forward movements. I could sense he wouldn't last long like this. I started to feel the pulsing that was a warning that he was ready to explode in my mouth. I timed it perfectly. He shot the first load in my mouth without any of his jizzum escaping. Again, I was proud. I swallowed his cum. I enjoyed the taste. It tasted like victory. I was becoming good at this. I licked up all his discharge. I pulled his underwear up and then his pants. Still on my knees I buckled his belt and zipped his pants up. He helped me to my feet.
He then kissed each nipple one more time and mumbled, "Fabulous."
I pulled my bra back in place as he pulled the straps of my dress back on my shoulders. He took me in his arms and we kissed. I felt the urge to ask him to take me back to his room and let me spend the night. I wanted to fuck. But knew this wasn't a good idea.
He said, "Thank you, Sofia. That was wonderful. How are you going home?"
"I am taking a taxi."
"Can I walk you to the stand?"
"That sounds good. Just give me a minute."
I fixed my lipstick and joined him outside the bathroom.
As we walked, "What are you going to do about your wife?"
He said, "I think when I get home I am going to confront her. I think it is time to give her a chance to tell me the truth. I know I am going to tell the truth. Honestly, tonight talking to you was the best couple of hours I have had in a while."
"I enjoyed tonight also." And I did. But I knew one of the reasons was the intimacy without the responsibility of a relationship. I craved more of this.
He said, "Good." We held hands as the taxi came up.
He gave me a quick kiss and I said, "Good luck. Would you give me your number? I would like to call you and find out how it goes with your wife. I hope it works out for you."
He gave me a card.
"I would like to talk to someone without any strings attached. Good night and thanks."
I got in the taxi. I also decided to get a throwaway phone, so I could call him without risk. I wanted to masturbate so badly but didn't. I wanted things to be perfect for the following weekend outing with Ivan and Kiko. I had wet dreams all night about Bob. The next day I worked part of the day, but then worked on my Russian. I also studied the rules of poker. I had never played before. But it seemed easy. I knew that I could get an advantage by judging the odds. This being someone else and becoming an emotional charged cougar was hard work.
The week leading up to my crashing Kiko's party was consumed by business. Not working seven days a week, was getting me behind. It was time consuming to run successful businesses. I knew it was one of the reason I didn't have much fun outside of the business world. I was more determined to have both a personal and business life.
To get ready for the weekend festivities, I got fitted with a custom wig. This one was guaranteed to stay put for any activity but swimming. What's more this one looked good on me. It had straight white hair to mid-back and long bands that ended at my eye brows. With the deep blue contacts, this really changed my looks.
I prepared my ass for what I knew was inevitable. I kept thinking about Sally's obvious pleasure from Proctor fucking her in the butt. For the week, I used the small plug. In my large ass, I barely noticed it by the end of the week. The end was covered by the folds of my fat ass. On Friday, I wore it to work under my power suite. This gave me a feeling of being a nasty woman, even when no one knew. When I got home Friday night I so wanted to masturbate but decided I wanted more to be randy for Saturday night.
Crashing the poker party
The day came for Kiko's poker party. It was amazing how much work and anticipation I had for this party. I was a muddle of excitement and apprehension. I was excited to be their entertainment but very apprehensive on whether I could entertain four young studs. What made someone as inexperienced at sex as myself think I could entertain these young men. But as I had done with everything in my life I worked at it. I was as ready as I could be. At least for an older female.
I decided to wear Kiko's outfit. I was now completely healed from the hair removal. The skin down there was soft and smooth until the folds of my labia. I was already excited as I looked in the mirror. With the hair gone I could tell that my female parts swelled and lots of the labia extended out of the slit. My clit extended like a small penis. I thought how gross but maybe guys would like this spectacle. When I put on the panties Kiko had gotten me, the gusset was so narrow in the crotch that my fat pussy protruded out both side. It would have been less slutty to wear no panties. But Ivan was clear they decided what I wear in their kingdom.
I put on the Pink Tee Shirt dress. It was tight. Every curve showed and most of my leg. The pink thin material stretched across my chest to show the outline of the black bra and how little it covered of my breasts above the nipples. You could just barely see the outline of my pink areolas even through the black bra. My nipples were like pebbles. I wore a pair of pink sandals with open toes. I had my toe nails and fingernails painted pink. I decided on a cheap, gaudy pinkish glass neckless and dangling glass earrings I had picked up at Walmart. I was becoming a Walmart shopper. Go figure.
With the long blonde hair wig and blue contacts, I was the prototypical cougar.
The party started at seven. I got to the condo parking lot at just after that. The plan was for me to call about 7:30. It seemed like an eternity until I called. I was so anxious.
Ivan answered, "Hi. This is Ivan."
I said, "This is Sofia."
He said, "Well hi Sofia. I am surprised to hear from you. What's up?"
I said, "Can I come up and fuck everybody there?"
Ivan was saying, "Really." Pause. "I see." Pause. Loudly he said, "You want to do what!" Pause. "Please don't be upset, Sofia. Everything is going to be Okay." Pause. "Well, I guess. Come to condo 403b. I'm not at my place. Do you know how to get here?" Pause. "You mean you are already on your way." Pause. "Okay see you in five minutes."
Ivan left the phone open for me to listen. I heard Ivan say, "I'm sorry guys but I have a friend from work that is in distress. She is coming over for a few minutes."
Someone said, "What the hell?"
Ivan said, "Her name is Sofia. She is recently divorced. I met her at the new job and for some reason she thinks I am the best person to talk to about her dating problems. I don't know why I am the one she called. But, I do like her. She is a fellow Russian. But it is a little sad that I am the one she turns to."
Someone said, "You can say that again. Besides being an A-hole, you don't know anything about dating problems."
Someone else said, "Yeah, she needs to be talking to Evan."
I assumed Evan said, "Yeah, go fuck yourself."
Someone else said, "Well, you need to get rid of her immediately. I mean we came here to play poker and Kiko's entertainment not be listening to some dried-up hag complaining about men."
Someone else said, "Kiko this is your party. Get rid of the bitch quickly, so we can have some fun. She is probably some old ugly bitch."
Ivan said, "She is not ugly or old. She is more middle-aged. And not bad looking at all." Well, at least he wasn't setting the bar to high.
Kiko said, "Don't worry guys. You are going to have a good night. There will be just a little delay. We will get rid of her quickly. I think it is sweet that Ivan has an old lady friend." Thanks, Kiko.
I hung up the phone as I was walking to Kiko's door.
I knocked, Kiko opened the door. She was wearing a tube top and skirt. The top was like a white tennis head band that covered her nipples. Kiko said, "You must be Sofia."
I said, "Yes. Is Ivan here?"
Kiko extended her hand and we shook. Kiko gave me a wink.
I reached up and wrapped my arms around Ivan's neck. I could feel the back of my tight pink tee shirt skirt pull up to show part of my naked ass. Ivan wrapped his arms around my lower back pulling my skirt up even further. He turned me, so the guys could get a good look at my bare ass. I cried as tearfully as I could act, "Oh Ivan, it was awful. I just had to talk to someone."
Ivan said loudly enough so the guys could hear, "Don't cry Sofia. I am so sorry that this happened. But we have a party happening here."
Kiko said, "Yeah, Sofia, this is my house and I am entertaining the guys. I wish we could ask you to stay and tell us what happened. But the guys are having fun." I emitted a wet snort, a first for me. Kiko said, "Please calm down!"
I cried, "I am so sorry. I should never have come." I took my arms from Ivan's neck and pulled my skirt down. I looked at Kiko, "I am sorry for crashing your party."
One of the guys said, "Come on Kiko, be nice to the lady. We can't kick her out."
Another guy said, "Sofia, we want to hear what happened. We are really interested."
I looked at him with cow eyes, "Would you really?" I bent to give them an even better view of my cleavage. I was beginning to appreciate the cougar outfit Kiko had bought me. It was getting their complete undivided attention.
Kiko said, "Guys do you really want Sofia to hang around?"
All three of them nodded their heads yes. One said, "Sofia can you play poker?"
I gave them my sexiest smile. At least I hoped it was sexy. Cocked my hip and said, "I have played once but I really don't know much about it. But, it would be so good to play with you boys. Could I?"
One of the guys said, "Not only play with us but I would like to hear your story. I am Ray by the way."
Ray had gotten up and extended his hand. All of these guys looked like they were Ivan's age or younger. Ray had blonde hair and very blue eyes. About the same color as my contacts. My blonde wig was more platinum but his was a dirty blonde color. He was very handsome and well built.
"And I am Alex." He had his hand extended. We shook.
I said, "Good to meet you Alex. Are you Russian?"
He had a distinct accent. "Yes." He had dark hair, dark eyes and about the same height of Ivan.
I said, "Me too, well second generation."
He said in Russian, "Can you speak Russian?"
I responded in Russian, "A little. My grandmother only spoke Russian and I learned a little. Sorry but my Russian is not very good."
Alex said, "Not bad just from listening to your grandmother. You just lack the right accent, but the grammar is perfect."
I switched back to English, "My vocabulary is limited. I am an all-American girl. Are you a US citizen?"
Alex said, "I came to the country at ten with my parent. We are all citizens now."
I said, "That's great. Congratulation!" I touched his arm and felt hard biceps and triceps.
"And I am Evan, Ray's brother." They looked similar only Evan was not quite as handsome or as tall or buffed as Ray. I guessed Evan was the younger brother.
Kiko said, "Well Sofia, I guess you are invited to the poker party. Would you like a drink?"
Ray pulled up a fifth chair for the game table and motioned for me to sit. He said, "We play five card stud poker. There is a fifty dollar buy in. When you lose the fifty then you are out. The last man or now woman standing is the winner for the night. One more thing, Kiko usually has some kind of entertainment that may get a little, well, raunchy."
Ivan said, "Sound good to you Sofia."
I smiled, "All but the fifty. All I have is the twenty."
Kiko said, "Tell you what, start with twenty and maybe the boys can think of a way to work something out with you."
I clapped my hands, "Boys, think we can work something out?" I squeezed my arms together in a please gesture that made my cleavage pop out even more.
Alex spoke, "I am sure we can work something out. Don't you guys?" They all nodded emphatically.
Kiko put a Bud Light in front of me, "I guess you are in Sofia."
This was my first beer. I sipped a little of it and it didn't taste very good to me, but I was determined to be one of the guys.
Ivan sat and started shuffling the cards, He asked, "So what happened on your date?"
"He is a friend of my ex. He has been hitting on me forever. He has been nagging me for a date until I finally said yes. This guy is older than me, about two inches shorter, bald and fat. When he came to my home to pick me up. I asked him what restaurant we would be going to."
He asked, "Is that important?"
"Now listen guys, I know I am not a great prize, but I wanted to know he was taking me somewhere nice. Isn't that reasonable?"
Evan said, "Absolutely. A lady like you needs to be wined and dined properly."
I said, "You're so right. I like to show a guy a good time, but I want some respect. Anyway, he said, 'What about a blow job and I will take you somewhere really nice.' Now I like to suck penis but really. Dinner first. Don't you think the same Kiko?"
I gave her a devilish look. Kiko said, "I am with you. Nothing better than sucking a nice big cock to show a little appreciation for a good time. But really the dinner has to come first. Absolutely!"
"Exactly. But, I was desperate for a little fun, so I agreed to give him a blow job before dinner. He said rudely, 'Then get to it bitch.' The nerve of the man. I mean it isn't like he was a young stud like you guys. But still I got into position, unzipped his pants and bared his privates. Only thing was I couldn't find his little thing to start with. I finally found a little two-inch dick under folds of fat. Then I did something I know was bad. I started laughing. I just couldn't help it. I don't mean a giggle but a hardy laugh and told him how small his little thing was. Well, gracious me. I mean it was funny. Honestly guys if you have a small dick then you have to be prepared to laugh it off. Don't you? I know none of you have small dicks."
They all nodded. Ivan had dealt the cards, but they were looking at me with raft attention. I picked up my cards. The bet had come around to me. I called.
I said smiling, "I know I shouldn't have laughed. Anyway, the bastard pulled his hand back to hit me. Now I may not look like it, but I am agile and strong. I jumped up and back, so he missed me. But I didn't miss him. I slapped him hard. He then called me all kinds of names. It started with 'You, fat-assed dump slut.' Now I know I am big but fat? Do you guys think I am fat?"
Alex said, "No Sofia you are definitely not fat. In fact, you are one very sexy female."
I was leaned over with the bottom of my breast pressed on my arms resting on the table pushing the mounds of flesh out the top. I said, "Aren't you a sweet one? Thank you, baby."
Ivan said, "The bet is to you. If you want to stay in it is another five dollars."
I said, "My goodness. I am going to be out of money if I don't win." Even with all the talking I knew my odds were good. I was sitting with a full house, sevens and kings. I said, "I'll call." This left me with five dollars. I think they all knew what my plan was when the twenty was gone. You could see the anticipation and excitement on their faces.
Ray said, "So what happened next."
I continued, "Well, he yelled for a while and then I told him to leave or I would call the cops. He got the message and left. But he yelled as he was walking out. Part of what I caught was that I was an ugly old dried up cunt that couldn't keep a man. He said he would make sure none of his friends would ever date me. I must admit this hurt. I started crying. I can get a little emotional. For some reason, I started driving and I realized I was driving to see Ivan. He had told me where he lived, and I had looked it up. It was just the first thing that came to mind. I am a little short of friends, but Ivan was so nice to me at work. He was just the first person I thought of."
I smiled at Ivan as he touched my hand. He said, "I'm glad you did. Show your cards."
I said, "Oh yeah, I am sorry guys I am ruining your card game."
Evan said, "Oh no. I am enjoying the heck out of this story."
I said with a pensive look, "I think this is called a full house." I laid my cards down. You could see they were disappointed as I had won the hand. I was having so much fun being the center of attention and spinning my yarn. With this hand, I could take a little more time before I started bartering sex to continue playing.
Ivan laughed, "Sofia's pot." I pulled in the money intending to lose it soon.
Evan said, "So that is when you called Ivan."
I said, "As I got closer to Ivan's I realized where I was going and decided to call. I am so glad I did. I like you fellows a lot. Plus, I am enjoying our game." Not poker but the hidden game.
I picked up my hand. Kiko said, "Want another beer?" I had finished my first beer. It hadn't been so bad after the first swallow. I said sure. Kiko sat my second beer in front of me.
Ray asked, "So you are divorced. How long were you married?"
I looked at my hand and had nothing. I said, "Too long. I got married when I was eighteen to a man almost ten years older than I was. I'll take four cards." This hand was nothing. "We divorced two years ago, so I was married twenty years. I fold."
Evan asked, "Did you ever like being married?"
I said, "To start with marriage was wonderful. We got along really well. He made good money while I worked clerical jobs. I just started working for Ricci Security. I made friends with Ivan. Anyway, the sex was great for about ten years. We did everything. It was exciting." I picked up my cards and again nothing.
Alex said, "So the sex was good."
I said, "It was great. Then about ten years in things began to change. He lost interest in me. Then he started criticizing me for everything, the way I cooked, how I looked and dressed." I lost this hand, and another was dealt. I was getting close to being out of cash again.
Ray said, "He didn't like how you dressed? How did you dress?"
"I like to dress to show off my assets. Kind of like this. I mean let's face it. You can't hide these." I placed both hands under my breasts and pushed up, making my mounds extrude out the top. This got their attention. "Since I can't hide them then might as well show them. And look at this big old thing." I got up, patted my big ass and wiggled. My dress hem was suspended just below my ass cheeks. "I mean really what can I wear to hide this?"
Alex said, "Hey, I say if you got it flaunt it."
Kiko said, "If I had what Sofia had I would flaunt it."
I wagged my finger at Kinko and said, "Exactly."
Ivan trying to keep the game going said, "Cards, Sofia."
I said, "I will take three." I had to win this hand, or I would have to make a deal to stay in the game. I was trying to decide if it were time to lose. I was close to ready but decided I needed to win this hand. I lucked into three of a kind and won the hand.
Kiko said, "What about another round?"
I said, "Only after I go to the little girl's room."
When I got back there was my third beer. Even with the hand I had won I was still the closest to being out. Ivan said, "Okay, time to separate the winners from the losers. Anti is now ten and the limit is raised to ten."
I knew this meant I could only lose one hand before I had to start bartering. Ivan dealt. I had nothing. Ray said, "So you finally got tired of him criticizing you for everything and you asked him for a divorce."
"Almost. For a while we continued to have sex. Now let me tell you, I love sex and am very good at it. But he even criticized how I had sex. He didn't like anything I did. I finally had to stop even trying. That was the end for me. I just can't go without sex. That was when I asked him for a divorce."
I had pushed all but twenty-five bucks into the pot. Ivan said, "Cards?"
I said, "I will take two."
Ray said, "So how has it been getting back into the world of dating?"
It was now twenty dollars to me. I knew I should fold as I had a pair. But I decided I was ready to barter. The guys had been listening to my made-up story for two hours and I couldn't drink another beer. I pushed all but five dollars into the pot. Of course, I lost.
Ivan said, "Well Sofia you are almost out. Want to call it a night?"
I said, "I'm not ready to give up yet. This is too much fun. You guys have an idea of how I can stay in the game?" I gave them a little flip of my hair and looked down at my breasts.
Alex looked at the boys and said, "I think Sofia's dress would be worth a pot. What do the rest of you guys think?"
Ray smirked, "I hear that."
I asked, "Do I have to take it off and throw it in the pot?"
Ivan said, "If you lose it comes off but it is off for the night."
I said, "Okay."
I pushed the five dollars in the pot. Ray won the pot.
I decided to make a show of taking off the dress. I got up and slowly pulled the hem to my waist. I turned around and rocked my hips back and forth. The panties were covering nothing in back. I looked at Ray and said, "Since you won the pot want to take the dress off?"
Ray stepped beside me took the hem and pulled it over my head. I was happy my wig stayed on. I looked down and my nipples were standing out of the thin material. I adjusted the gusset of my thong to cover as much as possible. But the mounds from my breasts were shoved up and bouncing while, my fat pussy lips were swollen and sticking out either side of the small thong.
All the guys whistled. Ray said, "You have quite the body Sofia. Can't imagine anyone would get tired of banging that."
I cocked my hip, put my tongue between my lips and said, "Thank you. You don't mind that I am almost old enough to be your mother?"
Ray said, "Not at all. You are still hot."
I said, "Well I guess I am out." I was playing for them to ask for more.
Alex said, "Do you want to continue?"
I said, "Yes, but now I don't have anything worth a pot."
Evan said, "I say your bra is."
I said, "Really. Same rule? If I win, I keep the bra and the pot?"
Ivan said, "And if you lose the bra is gone for the night."
I said, "Okay."
I sat back down to play the hand. I made sure to keep my shoulders square and my chest pushed out. Kiko sat another beer in front of me. This was my fourth and I knew too much. She put a hand under a breast and said, "I think you guys made a good deal. Even I want to see these things unleashed. I may even like to taste them."
Ivan said, "Maybe Sofia will let you before the night is out."
I smiled, "You never know."
This time I was dealt three of a kind. I didn't want to win. My little thongs were cutting into my pussy lips and I was so excited down there. I could feel the moisture on my thighs. I wanted an orgasm soon. I could almost have one from the pressure being exerted for the string between my pussy lips. I threw away two of the three of a kind. Alex won the hand.
I said, "Okay Alex take your prize."
I stood and let Alex undo the clasp. I then turned to let him pull the bra off arms. Alex eyes bugged out. "Sofia, those are magnificent."
I rubbed my chest against his arm and said, "These old things." My pussy was vibrating. I could hardly stand the anticipation of being fucked by these studs.
I asked, "Are the panties enough to stay in for another hand?"
They said in unison, "Yes!"
I sat as Ivan dealt another hand. I looked and this time I knew I had a winner. "Let's change the bet. If I win you four young studs get naked. I don't believe I will be disappointed like earlier tonight. If I win, well you get a thong."
Kiko said, "I can assure you, you won't be disappointed."
Ivan said, "I don't think that thong is enough against all our clothes."
I said, "Hum. Okay. You get my thong and I'll give the winner a blowjob."
Ivan nodded. I took one card and won the hand. I clapped my hands together, making my chest shake from side to side and said, "Oh, boy. It is my lucky night. Who knew I would get to see four young handsome studs from top to bottom? Okay boys let's see what you have. One at a time. Let's start with Ivan."
Ivan stripped down to nothing. His dick was sticking straight out. I walked over and slipped my hand over his aching member, "My gawd, isn't that pretty." I stroked it a little. I saw a little precum.
Ivan growled, "No one said you could touch. If you touch, you have to do something with it."
I looked at Kiko, "Want to help him out?"
Kiko had stripped off and said, "I may help him out."
Kiko lead Ivan back to the table and started giving him a blow job.
I said, "I think you are next Ray."
Ray quickly took off his clothes and said, "So what do you think?"
He was slightly larger than Ivan, "I'm not disappointed. Next is your younger brother."
Evan removed his clothes. He was a little smaller than Ivan. He asked, "So?"
"Very eatable."
Alex didn't wait to be asked and had already removed his clothes. He was muscle bound from head to foot and had a nine-inch hard cock that was straining to be touched.
I said, "My goodness that is a big one." I gently put my hand around it and looked him in the eyes, "I think that might fill up my big pussy. Want to see what I look like?"
Alex didn't answer but quickly jerked my little thong off. He placed a finger between my moist lips and pushed a finger in and growled, "As I thought, you're one randy cougar. You want us to fuck your sloppy wet pussy." I had a large orgasm that filled his hand with fluids.
He laughed, "Here cunt, clean yourself off my hand."
I licked my fluid off him and looked him in the eyes. I kissed him on the cheek and whispered, "Thank you for that orgasm."
I stepped back and said, "If I win the next hand, you all get to suck my pussy, otherwise the winner will get his dick sucked first."
We played a hand while Kiko was finishing off Ivan. Evan won the hand. Evan said, "Okay boys, watch this cougar eat my hard cock. I'll bet you she knows what she is doing."
I got between his legs as he slumped in the chair. I took his penis in my hand, looked up at him, and said, "You have a beautiful dick, I know this is going to taste good."
I kissed the head of his penis, with a hand around the shaft and tasted the precum. I knew he wouldn't last long. I moved my hand to his balls and took it down my throat. I used my tongue to lick up and down the shaft.
Evan said, "Boys you won't believe what she is doing to me. I mean this cougar could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch."
Alex said, "She won't be able to take all this thing like that. I am going to make her gag."
I slowly took Evan's dick out of my mouth and said to Evan, "Take that bet."
I took him back in and slowly slipped it in and out of my mouth while sucking. Evan said to Alex, "I'll bet you that she can take it all. If you win you get her pussy before I do but if she can take your thing without gagging you get sloppy lasts, after everyone else gets their turn."
Alex said, "You are on."
I increased the pressure and speed of the blow job and Evan deposited his discharge in my mouth. Only a little escaped. I said, "Baby you tasted really good. I think you are going to win that bet."
I looked and saw that Kiko had finished off Ivan and was sucking Ray off. I said, "Okay, Alex, let's see if you are first or last."
Alex smiled, grabbed my head and pushed my mouth over his dick and shoved his dick all the way in. I barely had time to prepare for it, but I managed to relax my throat enough to take the whole thing in without gagging. He grabbed my hair and forced my head up and down rapidly on his cock. He was doing everything he could to make me gag. But I was determined to have Evan first. He was moving my head rapidly. Then stood with my head pushed into his stomach. He rocked his hips back and forth, essentially fucking my face hard and fast. He shot his load directly down my throat, but I had felt it coming and was prepared. He released my head. I gently moved my mouth over his cock taking all of his discharge and cleaning him.
I looked up at Alex, smiled, and said, "Thanks, Alex. I enjoyed that. Evan, you are first when you are ready."
Evan smiled, "Thanks mama. I think you need a little reward for winning the bet for me. What would you like?"
I said, "Suck my tits and play with my pussy. I need an orgasm."
I moved to the couch. Evan gently started kissing my sensitive breasts. He said as he gently rolled his tongue around my elongated nipples, "These are the most sensuous big breasts I have seen. You are one sexy lady. Tell me what you want."
"Keep sucking my tits and put a couple of fingers on my clit and give me an orgasm."
His fingers were close to where I wanted them but not quite. I took them and put them in the best place. I had a big orgasm as he sucked my nipples and played with my twat. My body tensed as the fluid escaped my body onto his hand and the couch. I screamed, "Oh shoot that is good, gooooooooo..."
After I nearly blacked out from the orgasm, I found a dick in my hand. He was very hard again. I said, "Ready to fuck me?"
Evan said, "Oh yeah."
I spread my legs and gave him a good look at my gapping wet hole. He said, "My goodness that pussy looks ready to be fucked. It is swollen and dripping wet."
"Do you like it?" I said as I massaged my swollen pussy lips. "Doesn't it look inviting?"
"It is beautiful. I love those big swollen lips. They look like they would caress a dick."
"Time to find out."
He placed his dick just at the entry of my pussy lips. I couldn't stand it. I grabbed his hips and pulled him all the way into me. My hips bucked as I let out a growl that corresponded to a large orgasm, "Growwwwwwwwwwwwwwww..."
I heard Kiko say, "Girl that was one big orgasm."
I opened my eyes. Kiko was next to me with Ray in her pussy. "Yes, it was girlfriend. Biggest one I have had. Evan really knows how to fuck his mama."
Ray said, "I taught him everything he knows."
Evan was moving a little faster. Ray reached over to grab one of my big bouncing breasts. Kiko asked him, "You like those?"
Ray said, "They are unbelievable. You can feel them react to being looked at and touched."
I was moaning as one brother fucked me while the other squeezed my breasts. Ray said to Kiko, "Your pussy is so tight. It is sucking the juice out of me. I am ready to cum."
That must have spurred on Evan as he shot into me. Even though this was his second round for the night it was a good-sized orgasm. As he was coming down he wrapped both arms around me and hugged me into him. I had yet another orgasm from his shrinking member. He whispered, "Thank you, Sofia."
I said, "No, thank you. You are good. I like young dick. It recovers so quickly."
Then Alex said, "Enough of that lovey stuff. Time for a real dick."
But before he could move into me Ivan said, "No I think I want a turn. Remember you are last. Kiko, put your pussy over her mouth."
Alex said, "Shit."
Evan said, "Hey buddy, you made the bet."
Ivan slipped his nice big dick in my now cum filled pussy. Kiko knelt on the couch with a leg on each side of my torso. She covered my mouth with her pussy. I could smell the cum as her pussy pressed my head back against the couch. Then I tasted Ray's and probably Ivan's cum dripping out of Kiko's vagina.
I mumbled, "Kiko, you taste good."
Kiko said, "And that feels good. Stick your big tongue in me."
I extended my tongue into her slit. Ivan was deep inside me pumping away. I started having orgasms again. I said, "Oh Ivan. Fuck me hard. That feels so good. Fuck me hard."
I felt Kiko have a big orgasm. Then I felt her juices flowing into my mouth. She tasted a little different from the guys. She got off my mouth and sat next to me. Ivan, kissed me and whispered, "I am going to take care of Kiko. You are great." He then said louder, "Okay Alex your turn."
Alex said, "Okay, lady, now you will find out what a real dick feels like. Turnover, I want to see that big fat ass while I bang that oversized pussy."
I thought about offering him my ass. I had been using the small anal plug for the week. But then I thought about the size of his dick and decided I needed to start smaller. I turned over and placed my breasts on the couch and waited for him to enter my soaking wanting vagina. He first rubbed my ass. Then he took his extended penis and slapped my ass cheeks with it.
He growled, "My gawd, look at that ass shake. One of these days I am going to take it. But tonight, I want that fat pussy of yours. I think it will caress my big dick like nobody's business."
I said, "Let me have that big manhood. I want all of it in me."
He placed his dick at the entrance of my vagina and pushed in. He filled me up and I had yet another large orgasm. He held it tight inside me while my vagina walls contracted on his big hard penis. It seemed like this one went on forever.
As I was calming, Alex said, "You like my big dick. Don't you?"
I realized not only was he filling me up with his dick, but he had a couple finger buried in my ass. I said, "I love that big thing in me. I feel so full."
He then started pumping me. He left his fingers shoved in my bung hole. I realized I liked the feeling of having something in my ass while being fucked.
I said, "Oh yeah, Alex, fuck me hard. I love what you are doing. I am having another orgassssssss..."
This was the first time anyone had fucked me doggy style. I loved the attention he was giving my ass. I could feel his fingers in my ass and the other hand holding a large chunk of ass cheek. I could sense him staring at my shaking smooth skin. I knew this was turning him on. And me. I liked him staring at my ass.
Alex said, "My cougar, are you ready for a real man's cum?"
I said loudly, "I am ready for you. Shoot me full."
He took his finger out of my ass and took a handful for each ass cheek and pulled his member even deeper inside me. I could feel his penis deeper in me that anyone had been before. He came deep inside me. As his cum was pumping deep inside me I had another orgasm.
I said, "Alex, you are so deep inside me. I can feel it way inside. Oh yeah baby, give me that orgasm."
Alex seemed to pump a pint for fluid inside me. Before he finished, his juices were running down my thighs to the knees.
I laid there with my torso on the couch with Alex draped over me. He was rubbing my shoulder when I heard him whisper, "You are one great fuck. One sexy lady. I hope you enjoyed yourself."
I pushed up a little and he let me up. I knelt on the floor facing him, took him in my arms, kissed him hard and whispered, "I loved all of you. You fucked me so good. Thank you."
He smiled and kissed me back with his arms squeezing me hard.
I heard Kiko say, "Alex, you are going to squeeze her to death. Let her get cleaned up."
Kiko was handing me a towel. I said, "Sorry Kiko, I am making a mess on your furniture."
I first rubbed the cum off my legs and then got as much off the couch as I could. Kiko said, "Don't worry about it we can clean up tomorrow. It midnight. Time for the party to be over."
Evan laughed real hard, "I just got it. Sofia was the entertainment. You set us up. Didn't you Kiko?"
Kiko laughed and then so did Ivan and I. Ray and Alex were looking at Evan with a stunned look. Then they started laughing.
Evan still smiling said, "Okay now for the truth. Sofia was the entertainment. Wasn't she? Was anything she said true or was it all a play?"
Kiko said, "Okay, yes Ivan and I asked her to do this. She was the entertainment. As far as her story, I was as spellbound as you, so she will have to tell you what was true."
Evan looked at me, "You didn't have a date, tonight. Did you?"
I said, "No, that part was just for entertainment purpose and maybe give you the idea I wouldn't mind giving you a blow job. And it worked. The part about being divorced was true. I embellished a little bit but not much. I had a bad marriage. But it was more my fault than I admitted. I gained a lot of weight and no one wanted to touch me. I obviously have worked on that. Do you like how I look now?"
Evan said, "You look damn good now. I will fuck you anytime you decide to get naked for me."
Ray said, "You are very fuckable. Just remember I didn't get any tonight from you. So, I am first next time."
I said, "So you guys might like to have me entertain you again?"
Alex said, "You better believe."
I said, "Then Ray gets first next time." I kissed Ray on the cheek. "I owe you one baby."
Alex asked, "Was the story about being Russian true?"
"My grandmother was a Russian immigrant and I learned a lot of Russian from her." This was true. My grandfather and parents were all Italian-American.
Kiko said, "Okay guys we need to call it a night."
Evan said, "Thank you Kiko. This was your best party. And what a good idea to have Sofia entertain. I do think she liked it also."
The three guys left.
I said, "Where are my clothes?"
Kiko said, "You are not going home tonight. There is a guest bedroom with a new toothbrush for you."
I said, "Good. Thank you. Same rules as at Ivan's? No clothes for sleeping and I am to cook breakfast for you guys tomorrow morning."
Kiko said, "Those are the rules."
I went to bed happier than I had been in a long time. I fixed them breakfast the next morning wearing only the pink dress with no underwear. I was sure the bra and panties had been taken as souvenirs from the party. And after all they were won in a poker game. It was strange to drive home dressed in so little clothing. But then again, it was exciting.