I've always been a fan of showing off my body whenever I can. I'm always the one in the skimpiest bikini, the short skirt and low cut top. When I realised that men and women alike couldn't resist looking at my slender 5ft 4 inch frame, long legs and pert DD cup breasts it spurred me on to take more and more risks.
During the winter it becomes a little harder to expose parts of your body in an innocent seeming way. In order to keep up my thrill seeking during the colder months I began to visit anywhere it was acceptable to wear as little clothes as possible like swimming baths, saunas and spas.
I hadn't had the chance to show off for a while so I was looking for an opportunity. Walking through the local city centre I noticed a new salon had opened. As I casually looked at the list of treatments they offered in the window the guy behind the counter caught my eye.
He was around 5ft 8 inches tall, black hair that hung just above his shoulders and both arms were covered in tattoos. I guess the term for his style would probably emo or goth, though he was dressed in the crisp white uniform you would expect in a salon.
The idea of being able to be naked in front of this gorgeous guy was too much to resist so I stepped through the door and sauntered up to the counter.
"Hi, I was wondering if you could squeeze me in for a full body massage?" I asked in my best seductive voice, leaning over the counter towards him and flicking my long blonde hair over my shoulder.
He smiled politely at me and opened the diary in front of him "I'm the only one here for the next couple of hours but I could book you in with Anna for 3.30pm?" he said.
"Hmmm, I was really hoping to do it right now," I smiled playfully. "I don't suppose you're available?"
His blue eyes met mine and a small part of me wondered if he had guessed at the double meaning in my words. "It would mean closing the salon though as there would be nobody to cover the front desk," he said.
I looked around the empty salon, "There's nobody waiting for an appointment at the minute and even if somebody did walk you would be busy with me. Come on, I'll make it worth your while..."
I let the words hang between us, keeping his eyes locked with mine the whole time.
"Ok, let me show you to the treatment room," he said as he walked from behind the counter and I followed him through a door to the left.
I stepped into a dimly lit treatment room painted in the usual soothing colours. The massage table was the central focus of the room, a white sheet and bath robe were laid across it.
"I'm gonna lock the salon up, if you wanna strip to your underwear, pop on the robe and make yourself comfortable. I'll be back in a few minutes." he said.
As he left the room I quickly ran through my options in my head. It's an amazing feeling to take a little bit too long undressing so the masseur walks in before the robe goes on but I decided this time to make the fun last a little longer; I undressed fully, leaving my bra and panties right on top of my pile of clothes then slipped on the robe.
I was sat on the table when he walked back in the room. He talked me through my options for oils and I chose Jasmine as it's a personal favourite scent of mine. I hopped down off the table when he asked, eager to take off my robe.
"I'll hold the sheet up if just drop your robe and lay face down on the table," he said as he raised the sheet, blocking me from his view. I shrugged out of the robe and let it drop to the floor, I purposely took my time getting on the table in the hope that he would take his chance to have a sneaky look at me.
I laid on the table with my face in the cut out hole and felt him lay the sheet over my butt. I heard him walk around the table toward my head and I could smell the Jasmine oil as he warmed it in his hands.
He placed both his hands on my shoulders blades and began to massage either side of my spine. The touch of his smooth hands on my bare skin sent a shudder through me. I felt a warmth flare in the pit of my stomach as I anticipated his hands all over my naked body.
As he moved to my lower back he pulled the sheet down a little to expose the top of my butt cheeks. He paused briefly as he tried to tuck the sheet into my pants and then realised I wasn't wearing any. I held my breath, wondering if he would say anything but he just continued with the massage.
As his expert hands worked on relaxing every muscle in my back all I could focus on was the wetness starting to build in my pussy.
He lifted his hands from my back and I heard his footsteps as he walked to the other end of the table to start massaging the lower half of my body. I took my chance and parted my legs giving him a pretty good view of my freshly shaved snatch. I heard him let out a small gasp then try to cover the noise by clearing his throat.
He used both of his hands on my right leg, sliding them over my calves and up the length of my thigh. He stopped with his finger tips inches from my pussy lips then slid his hands back down to my ankle.
He continued this pattern, up and down, then moved over to my left leg to repeat the motion. Every time his fingers narrowly missed touching me made my pussy burn deeper. With my legs open I was sure he could probably see how wet my swollen lips were and the thought turned me on even more.
"That's the back done, time to turn over," he announced breaking the silence. Then as he lifted his hands away from my left thigh, he ran one finger over my throbbing mound.
His actions shocked me - even though it was exactly what my body was screaming out for I never imagined he would do it.
I felt him lift the sheet, again, shielding my body from his view, "If you just wanna turn onto your back and I'll replace the sheet," he told me. I did as he asked, too shocked from his personal touch to say anything flirty or clever.
He replaced the sheet to cover my breasts but only just, the sheet was in line with my aereola meaning my nipples were just an inch away from being exposed. The sheet covered my middle section but I was fairly sure I could feel the air on the very tip of my smooth pussy lips.
I glanced to my right where he stood and I could see there was a bulge in his pristine white trousers that hadn't been there when the massage started. I looked up and saw he was watching me as I stared at his now tight trousers. He smiled then placed his hands on my collarbone and began to massage my chest.
Now I was sure he that was enjoying himself as much as me I closed my eyes and pulled one of my favourite massage tricks. I shifted my body as though I was making myself more comfortable but ensured the sheet slipped so my left breast was fully exposed. I heard his breath catch in his throat so I knew he had seen my hard nipple.
Normally when I do this the masseur casually replaces the sheet so I waited but he continued to massage my chest, avoiding touching my breast as he then moved his hands down each of my arms.
He spent very little time massaging my top half and I thought my stunt of freeing my breast might have been a mistake as he moved onto my legs.
However, it soon became clear that he was just eager for another viewing as he very subtly adjusted my legs a little further apart. This time when he ran his hands up and down my legs it was more of a caress than a massage. I felt my own breathing begin to pick up as he stroked my thigh with a gentle lingering touch.
He finished running his hands over my legs and I heard him walk back toward my shoulders. I waited for his hands to touch me or him to speak but there was nothing. I lay still, waiting in the silence, unsure what was happening. I started to think I had misjudged the sound of his footsteps and he had actually left the room.
Assuming it was time for me to leave I opened my eyes and instantly realised the reason for the silence. He had his head bent over my left breast, his mouth open and just inches from my stiff nipple. His eyes were turned towards mine, looking at me longingly and almost seeking permission.
Stunned but horny as hell, I reacted instinctively, arching my back and pushing my breast forward into his waiting mouth. He wasted no time as he began to suck hard, flicking his tongue over my nipple. I moaned softly as my body responded to him.
He gave my nipple a gentle tug with his teeth then moved his mouth away. Feeling braver, I challenged him "Well, I've shown you mine..." I said seductively.
He laughed and smiled at me "I suppose it's only fair then," he said as he unbuttoned his crisp white top. He shrugged out of it and I noticed his tattoos continued up his arms and covered both of his shoulders. He was slight but his chest was subtly curved and muscled and he had one of his nipples pierced.
"Very nice, but I believe you saw more than just my breast," I said as I stared at his tattoos.
"Guess I wasn't as subtle as I thought I was." he replied as he stepped out of his white trousers.
I sat up on the table to get a better view of him in his snug fitting boxers that were barely containing his hard cock. As I moved the rest of the sheet slipped off me, my hands reached for it but he stopped me, "I think we're past the pretence of a sheet now aren't we?" he asked.
I nodded and dropped the sheet to the floor. I sat on the table, fully exposed as his eyes raked over me.
"Open your legs for me," he said as he pulled off his own underwear. I obliged and parted my legs, giving him the best view so far. He groaned and nodded in appreciation, "I've never seen a pussy look so delicious."
I very slowly moved my hand down to my slick lips and pushed one finger inside, quickly withdrew it and placed the finger in my mouth. I sucked it clean then I slowly dragged my finger out then used it to rub his nipple piercing.
So quickly that I'm not sure how it happened he was kissing me, his lips were hard on mine and his tongue was frantic. I ran my hands up his back, over his shoulders and into his hair, grabbing fistfuls of it to keep his face pressed against mine. My breathing became more ragged as the kiss continued and he finally released my mouth, moving his head back down to my breast.
I kept my hands in his hair as he tweaked my nipple with his teeth, softly biting and pulling. I gently pushed his head further down my body and he understood my intention as he dropped to his knees. I moved to the very edge of the table as he buried his face between my legs.
His slipped his tongue into my tight hole and placed his hands on my ass to help push it deeper. I responded by thrusting into his face and clamping my hands tighter into his hair. The sound of my moaning seemed to motivate him as he moved his tongue to my clit.
The combination of his expertise and the anticipation that had built since I walked into the salon meant my orgasm peaked sooner than I expected. Giving him no option to back out, I pushed his head against my pussy as I came fast and hard. He picked up the sheet from the floor and used it to wipe his face as he stood up with a smile.
"I think it's your turn to lay on the table," I told him as I eased off the table and stood next to him. I didn't. wait for permission or confirmation, I yanked his boxers down and gave him a cheeky smile. He used one hand to cup the back of my head as he kissed me again then climbed onto the table. With him laying on his back it was obvious his cock was much bigger than I had thought. All eight inches of him was jutting out from his body and I could see some pre-cum glistening on the head.
I leant over the massage table and licked the tip of his dick before I lifted myself onto the table and straddled him.
"How about a massage?" I asked with a wink as as I ran my hands up and down his chest.
"I'll take anything you're giving," he answered then groaned as I rubbed both of his nipples with my thumbs. I couldn't resist leaning forward to suck the pierced one, letting my tongue play with the nipple bar.
I lifted up on my knees with my pussy hovering just over his waiting cock. With no indication or warning I sank down so his throbbing member was completely engulfed by my soaking cunt. I threw my head back and moaned as I felt every inch of him inside me. He placed his hands on my hips to control the speed of my movement as I began to ride him.
His breathing came in quick gasps as we settled into a rhythm of him thrusting his dick deep inside me as I bounced up and down. His hands moved up my body to fondle and squeeze my firm tits while we fucked. The feel of his massive cock stretching my tight hole with each thrust was almost too much to handle.
His eyes had not left mine since I had climbed on top of him and his eyes watching me was such a turn on that I started to fuck him harder. I increased the pace of my movements, my hips pumping and riding him faster. I kept my eyes on him then very deliberately moved my hand down to rub my own clit.
The sight of my finger moving back and forth made him squeeze my tits harder, his grip so tight it almost verged on painful. "Fuck, I'm really close to coming," he announced between gasps. The sound of his dick slamming in and out of my dripping pussy was building up my second orgasm pretty quickly.
He moved his hands back to my hips and pulled me down onto his twitching cock as he groaned out loud and shot thick jets of cum inside me. He dropped his hands but I still rode his dick, my pussy contracting around him and milking every drop as I squirted my own juices over his cock and balls. I screamed and panted as my own orgasm overwhelmed me. I collapsed onto his chest, both us trembling and trying to catch our breath.
I was fairly sure I would never pay for a massage again in my life.