Japanese Pussy at Mokoroa Falls.
This is the first of a series of stories following a young (19) Japanese woman called Tukiko. While we will divert to follow the sexual adventures of other characters such as her parents Hirohiko and Sayako, our main theme will be Tukiko's sexual journey.
While places, such as parks, water falls and beaches are real, and I am familiar with exact locations, all the characters are factious. For example, as far as I know, no Indian called Joseph has ever worked for the Auckland Regional Authority Parks Division. (Anne)
Now to the Story.
***
Hello - My name is Joseph. I am an Indian who moved with my family from Southern India to live in New Zealand. My wife, Lizamoa and I have an open relationship with some of our friends. While we are very much in love each other, we do enjoy other sexual partners from time to time. Like in this story, if a bit of fun is on offer, there is complete understanding between us as to us participating.
I am a taller man, fit, strong and health from my outdoor job as a Park Ranger in the Waitakere Forest Park near Auckland City, My claim to fame among the ladies is an above average cock which becomes a challenge with many women to see if they can take all of me.
We had not been back from our India trip long, when this story took place. With the merging of all the local councils of Auckland into one 'super city,' the organisation I worked for was merged into this new administration too. The parks were brought together and we found we had some smaller park areas nearby that came under our care as well as the Waitakere Centennial Park. These smaller parks had been managed by the old Auckland City.
One of these was Mokoroa Falls. It became policy for a park ranger to go over there regularly, walk the tracks and generally see everything was Ok. I had been told it was my duty for the following day so I arranged to take my wife, Lizamoa with me. She would park her car further along the Scenic Drive where I would pick her up. We planned for a picnic lunch and a swim while we were there.
We first did the long track, taking a nice walk across to Constable Road and back, then picking up our lunch from my truck we headed down the main track to Mokoroa Falls. Being a weekday we had only met one couple on the first track and just a few people on the main falls track.
We came to the lookout but I had to go down the stairs to the riverbed, as part of my inspection before we could go on to another more private place for lunch and a swim.
Down below the falls, we met a Japanese couple with their daughter whom we later learnt was nineteen years old. Since I was wearing my park uniform, they approached us to ask about swimming places. It seemed; they weren't intending swimming that day but wanted to bring some friends back later.
A few years back there had been a major rockfall that had filled in and ruined the pool at the bottom of the main falls. So, it must have seemed to them, there was nowhere they could have a good swim. I told them there was another place with a good swimming pool, that was more hidden from most of the public too. Lizamoa also added that we were going there now for a swim if they wanted to come with us and see.
So, they agreed to that and quickly we introduced ourselves before starting off for the smaller waterfall, further upstream. The man's name was Hirohiko and his wife was called Sayako. Their daughter, they introduced as Tukiko.
Climbing back up the stairs to the lookout, we took a short track down to a smaller side stream. Crossing over that we followed the track as it began to slope around towards the mainstream further above the main Mokoroa Falls. We came out at some flat rocks where the running water had cut a channel through the rock, before falling into a larger pool below. Both Lizamoa and I liked this place and we were eager to get into the water as the water looked so inviting on this hot summer day.
"You guys coming swimming?" I asked.
"We don't have our swimming things," Sayako said.
"Neither do we," Lizamoa replied. "We're going skinny dipping."
"You mean swim naked? Sayako asked.
"Yeah sure," I said. "Why don't you join us."
I was keen to see them naked because while the mother looked pretty good, the daughter looked totally hot. A round face with deep brown eyes, with shoulder-length hair. A Japanese doll. There was an appearance of innocence, underlaid with a smoldering sexuality. Looked like she might be packing a pretty good body too. I was wondering what she would look like naked.
"I'm not sure," the man said, bringing me back to reality.
"It's ok," I replied. "We're all adults here."
The parents looked at each other and then burst into a flood of Japanese. I think Tukiko, the daughter looked more shocked than either of her parents. I looked over at Lizamoa and she gave me a shy smile. Since neither of us knew any Japanese, we had no idea how this was going. One thing for sure was, we weren't stripping off with them hanging around if they didn't join us.
The conversation continued with the focus now being more between the parents and their daughter. It seemed like she might have been a bit reluctant. But again, we had no idea what was going on until suddenly it was over. The girl nodded her head and said the only Japanese word I really know.
"Hai!" Tukiko said as she gave a quick bower.
Hirohiko then turned to me and said, "We will be happy to join with your skinny of dipping."
My wife jumped in first. "What are we waiting for, then?"
Soon Lizamoa was undressing, dropping her clothes on the flat rock next to our bags. I looked over at our Japanese friends and saw the parents had started but they looked a little bit shy. I turned my back to them to give them some privacy and Liz followed my example.
Only wearing light summer clothing, soon I had them all off. I looked over at Liz and she was naked too. "Go on," I told her. "I'll follow you down."
There was a bit of a scramble down over some wet rocks that could be a bit slippery and then we were on some more flat dry rock on the lower side of the pool. I took a quick glance up at our Japanese friends and found Hirohiko was naked, his wife Sayako was down to her underwear and just undoing her bra while Tukiko was not far behind either. That was good. So they weren't going to chicken out.
By now Liz, was in the water, wading out until the water was up to her waist. I followed her in as she dived forward, striking out to swim to the far side. I was about to dive in after her when I looked over to see where the Japanese family were.
Both Hirohiko and Sayako had made it down the slippery part ok but their daughter was stuck. I think she had felt her feet slipping and was hanging on with her fingers to a tiny crack in the rock. The easy way would have been to turn and take a jump into the pool but then, when you are stuck, you don't think of things like that.
By now I was passing Sayako and almost to Hirohiko. "I'll get her!" I said as I passed him.
"I'm stuck," she called, as she saw me approaching.
I got to Tukiko and bracing one foot onto a ledge just below water level I reached up and grabbed her by her hips.
"Don't worry, honey." I tried to reassure her. "I've got you now."
"I can't move," she said.
"It's ok. Just do what I say. You won't slip. I'm holding you."
One think about Tukiko, I had quickly noticed was she had a very 'kiwi' accent while her parent's English was a lot poorer.
Still holding on to her, I got her to reach over to a good foothold with one foot. She reached out, her leg stretching as far as she could to reach the point where I had shown her. From below, I was looking right up at her and was treated with a delightful view of pussy lips between dark curls before she brought her second foot over too.
Now, with both feet in the tiny crevice, I asked her to try and turn around, so she could step down to the ledge where I was. But she slipped, stepped on to the slippery rock by mistake which made things even worse and she fell forward against me. I felt her breasts press against me as I caught and held her. She recovered quickly; I think a little embarrassed as to how she was in contact with me, considering we were both naked. She found her footing on the ledge and turned, making her way forward to where her parents were waiting.
I didn't bother following her but once she reached safety, I turned and dived into the pool. Swimming fast, I soon reached Liz who had been sitting watching from the other side. From there she must have seen some of the pussy show, I had just seen.
In a low voice, she teased me, "Did you enjoy that little pussy show and tittie cuddle?"
"Are you jealous it wasn't you," I replied.
She gave me a wicked grin. "Maybe I am."
By now the three Japanese were wading into the water. It always feels a bit cold at first in this bush stream and they were doing it the hard way by slowly stepping forward further into the water. Of course, from where we were sitting the three of them were giving us the full-on, frontal view.
"He has a nice weapon," my wife whispered to me. "I'd like to see that hard."
"Well it's going to get smaller when the cold-water hits it," I said.
And she giggled at that.
"Anyway, what are you checking him out for?" I asked.
"Aren't you checking out the two women?"
"Well yes, but..."
"But nothing. Us girls can do it too, you know."
By now they had reached mid-thigh with the water lapping just below their pussies. Yes, us guys notice details like that, according to my wife. Tukiko was as hot naked as I thought she would be. She was packing a beautiful pair of tits, not so large but a nice shape, with darker nips at their tips. Lower down her flat belly led down to a strip of black pussy hair in the centre that wrapped down under, between her thighs. Sayako had a very similar body to her daughter except the breasts sagged a bit showing the signs of a woman who had breastfed. Lower down, she carrying a tiny bit more weight, where a slightly curved belly led down to a thick triangle of pussy hair. The normal shape of more mature pussy.
By now, Tukiko had dived in and was swimming towards us. I reached out for her hand as she reached us and pulled her up on to the ledge where Liz and I were sitting. As we watched, Hirohiko and Sayako had dived forward together into the water. They were starting on their way over to where we were.
I pointed to a rock above us, closer to where the water came over. "You can jump in from the rock up there as the water is quite deep below here."
"Can we try?" Tukiko asked.
"Sure," I replied. "Follow me."
I didn't realise until Liz told me later that Tukiko was behind me, looking up between my legs and checking out my cock and balls as I climbed.
I reached the rock and she soon standing beside me. I told her to jump out wide so she didn't hit the rocks straight below us. Then with a wide jump, I flew out wide and plunged into the water with a huge splash.
"Come on," I called. "Your turn now."
She smiled at me and stepped forward to look down.
"Come on Tukiko. Jump!"
She stepped back took a run and jumped. Her light body flew through the air and hit the water close to where I was.
She came up laughing. "That was fun! Let's do it again." The little girl coming out in her. She was having fun.
We both swam to the edge where the three were watching. But Tukiko was fast. She was out of the water and scrambling up the rocks before I could catch her. I wasn't too far behind and when I reached the large rock, I found her at the very edge, bending forward, looking over.
Her bending forward like that, her sexy little arse pointing towards me, was too much temptation. I stepped up behind her, my hand contacting the cheeks of her bum as I gave her a shove. Off she went, over and down, plunging into the water below.
She surfaced, looking up at me standing there laughing.
"That's not fair," she protested.
She looked over at her parents but they were sitting there with Liz. The three of them laughing too.
Looking back at me, she called out, "I'm going to push you in too."
"Go on then," I called back. "You and whose army."
She was quickly out of the water and up the rocks to where I was.
I was standing right out on the edge, facing her with my back to the water.
"Go on... I'm waiting... Push me in."
"I will," she said, taking a run at me.
With both hands, she hit me hard in the chest. I knew it was hard enough to take me so I decided to take her as well, I grabbed at her as I began falling but her momentum was too much. She slipped from my grasp that had managed to slow her a bit but not stop her. She did a complete summersault above me, hitting the water, feet-first, further out in the pool. Meanwhile, I had performed a backwards dive to go in head-first.
Later, my wife told me it was quite a sight to see. 'Two naked bodies doing acrobatics above the water,' she laughed. She wished she had a camera to record it.
Of course, Tukiko came to the surface protesting. But if she had stopped to think about it, at the speed she had hit me, there was no way she wasn't going in anyway. I just helped her do it more spectacularly. Ha! Ha!
Now, I was sitting on the rocks with Lizamoa and Hirohiko. Tukiko was back up on the rock again showing her mother how to jump into the pool. I could see Sayako was hesitating. It looks a bit higher once you get up there. Finally, they came up with a way to do it. Linking hands, they both ran and jumped together.
Soon, they were jumping again and even had Hirohiko up there to have a go too.
"Is that little cave still under the waterfall?" Liz asked me.
"I think so."
"Let's have a look. Then you can show the girls."
"Ok, but I'm not taking Hirohiko in there."
"Oh, don't worry. I'll look after him. Might have a quick feel while I am there."
"You wouldn't dare!"
"Just watch me," she laughed. "Let's go and see."
The Japanese had just caught the end of that and were wondering what it was about, I think. Liz dived in and swam towards the waterfall and I followed behind her. I saw her head disappear as she ducked in under the falling water. I followed her in, coming up into a small cave. I found my footing on a ledge under the water where two people could stand up to their chest in water. But there was room to breathe in there behind a curtain of water where we couldn't be seen.
"I always like this," Lizamoa said to me. "Especially when I'm here with a man."
"Why a man," I asked jokingly.
"You know exactly why," she said as her hand grabbed my cock.
"Don't do that. You'll get me hard."
"Isn't that the idea."
"No, not here, with them."
"They might want to see you hard. You do look impressive."
She was trying to pump my cock now so pulling free from her, I dived out through the curtain of falling water.
I looked up to see the Japanese all standing up anxiously looking into the pool. I think they were afraid when we both disappeared.
"Where did you go," Tukiko asked.
"There is a little cave under the waterfall. From here you'd never know it was there."
"Can I see?" she asked.
"There is not much room there. Just enough for two people to stand close."
I was looking over at Lizamoa. She was grinning. Only she knew how close, 'close' was.
I explained to Tukiko how to swim out and duck in under the water. I said she would come up in a small area of air. There is a ledge under the water to stand on. She nodded to say she understood and so I turned to dive in. As I reached the edge of the falling water, I turned to look and found she was close behind me.
I ducked in under the water curtain and came up in the cave, my feet finding footing on the ledge. Tukiko surfaced behind me and I reached to pull her up on the ledge. As I pulled her up, I felt her hip contacting my cock and one breast against my chest. I thought she would pull back but she stayed there. I must say she looked very sexy as her hand came up to push some wet hair off her face.
"This is nice," she said, looking around.
I was looking down at her breast and nipple, just breaking the surface.
"Yes, very nice," I replied.
Looking at me she caught me and asked, "What are you looking at?"
I laughed back, "Your left breast as I can't see your right one."
She looked down and saw how her breast was pressed against me. Surely, she must have known before that.
"I see what you mean," she said but still didn't pull away from me.
Suddenly she slipped. Her foot must have slipped off the ledge. I reached out to hold and pull her back against me. My arm was now around her, my hand holding the small of her back. I couldn't resist going lower until my hand was on the cheek of her arse.
"That's my bum," she said.
"Yes, lovely one too."
"What are you touching it for?"
"Because I don't think you'll allow me to touch your pussy."
I thought that would shock her for being so bold, but she just smiled.
"I might," she said, looking me directly in the eyes.
"I bet you wouldn't."
"I said, I might."
So bold, this girl. I decided to call her bluff. My hand left her bum, coming around to her front. I went straight in, my hand wrapping over her pussy mound, finger down between her thighs.
"That's my pussy," she said.
"Yes, I know it must be your pussy. I don't have one."
She giggled at that. "I know what you have. I can feel it against my hip."
"You are a bold one," I said.
"And you are almost as naughty as my boyfriend."
"Almost?"
"Well, you are not fucking me yet, like he does."
"That can be arranged."
"I bet, naughty boy! But we better get out before someone comes looking for us."
"Ok, you go first."
Suddenly, she turned to me, "I dare you to bring mum is here. She might be as naughty as me."
With that, she dived into the curtain of water and was gone.
I dived through the curtain of water to follow Tukiko back to where the others were sitting watching. My mind was still on the last thing she had said, that her mother might be as naughty as she was. That sounded interesting. Maybe I needed to offer to show her the little cave too.
When I reached the poolside, I found Tukiko now sitting with her mother Sayako. They were talking about the little cave and Tukiko was saying she should go in with Joseph. I knew all this because the conversation was in English. It was like, Tukiko wanted me to hear what they were saying.
I looked over at Liz and saw a slight smile. She gave me a wink. Yes, she could see what was going on and was a bit amused by it too.
Hirohiko had climbed further up the rocks and was studying some square holes there. I left the women and climbed up to him.
"Are these man-made?" he asked.
"Yes," I replied. "There was a large timber dam here back in the kauri milling days."
I explained how the dam was held in place with these holes and other signs you can see in the rocks. I also told him how the dam was used to shoot logs down the river, all the way to the Bethell's Lagoon.
When we got back down to the girls, Sayako wasn't shy in asking me straight away if I could show her the cave. I also saw the look on Tukiko's face just behind Sayako. She was smiling and when she saw me looking, her hand came up in front of her. As she gave me a wink, her thumb came up in her closed fist. She was giving me the thumbs up.
I realised this cheeky girl had arranged things so her mother would be with me in the tiny little space with our naked bodies almost touching. It was also obvious that she was expecting me to play too.
I instructed Sayako how to duck under the waterfall and come up into the cave. I also told her to search for the rock ledge that she could stand on. With that, I dived back into the pool and noticed Sayako was with me too.
As Sayako surfaced in the cave, I reached out for her to pull her up beside me. There was just room for two people if they stood very close together. I noticed she stood very close. So close, her breasts were almost touching me.
"This is nice," she said. "There is not much room."
"I know," I replied. "A nice place to take a sexy lady."
She caught my meaning with that and smiled back at me.
"And a sexy man too."
Her hand came up to my chest. Fingers running across until they found a nipple. Yes, she was actually playing with my nipple. I reached out to put my arm around her. My hand moving down toward the curve of her arse. I found the split between her cheeks and ran a finger down it.
She must have felt it as she said, "Naughty!"
Her hand was moving, straight down my body. Down over my belly until she found what she was looking for. Her fingers grasped my cock which by now had started to grow.
"I can be naughty too," she whispered to me.
While she played with my cock, gently pumping me with her hand wrapped around my shaft, I did some exploring too. My hand came around to her front going for a breast, finding a hard nipple. I played with it for a few moments, gently pulling on it too. Her eyes closed at the pleasure.
So Tukiko was right. Her mother liked to play too.
I decided to explore further my hand going lower until I found the forest between her thighs. Yes, she had a good thick crop there and her thighs were slightly parted, enough to allow my hand right down between them. I could feel her pussy lips now. It felt a bit swollen and open. It almost felt like pussy juice too. I got the impression this woman was very turned on by what we were doing.
That was confirmed when she gave a moan in my ear.
I could have taken things further. I had the impression she might have even allowed me to try entering her but there was not the place for that and I was also concerned we had been under the water for a while too.
I broke away from her saying, "Come on! We better get back."
With that, I dived out through the water curtain and swam to the bank. I noticed Sayako was right with me. I climbed up on the bank before I realised my half-erect cock was showing. Quickly, I sat so it was hidden but not before my wife had noticed it. It was obvious Tukiko had seen it too. She was giggling. When I looked her way, I saw the tongue appear and slide along between her lips before disappearing again.
I suddenly realised Lizamoa was talking.
"Our turn now," she said.
I thought, 'Your turn for what? Looking at the cave or playing with a cock?'
She got up and dived off the rocks with Hirohiko straight behind her. I watched as they swam to the waterfall and disappeared underneath it.
"I think he is having a feeling now," Sayako said. "He is fascinated by Lizamoa's brown body."
"We can see that," Tukiko replied. "He can't stop looking at her."
"Yes, I noticed," Sayako agreed.
"She likes him too. She gave him a good pussy show when you were in the cave."
"Did she? What happened?"
"She was sitting on that rock where she was when you two came back," Tukiko explained. "She was facing him while they talked. Flirting a bit too. She lifted her leg to look at her foot. As she did, she was wide open. Showing him everything. He was having a good look too."
"So, she is keen on him too?" Sayako asked.
"No doubt about it."
"Let's set it up for them. Then we can play with this bad boy," she said giving my thigh a slap.
"I'm not sure," Tukiko replied.
"What? Don't you want to try with Joseph."
When she didn't answer, her mother continued. "Tukiko, we know about you and your boyfriend. You've been fucking him for a long time now."
Tukiko looked at her mother surprised. "How?" she asked.
"A mother can tell when her daughter became sexually active."
"Oh!"
"So, do you want to play with this bad boy too."
"Well, yes. But I didn't know you two were into it."
"It has been my fantasy to have sex with another man whom I hardly know. You father knows that and I think he would like to watch me too," Sayako explained. "Now he also is attracted to women with brown skin. I think he would love to try with one if we gave him the chance."
Tukiko was looking at her mother with her mouth open. Totally surprised, I think. I was just quietly listening, not saying a word.
Suddenly Tukiko brought into Sayako's plan. Together they quickly planned how to get into a full massage session by asking me to get suntan lotion put on. Their plan was that Lizamoa would catch on and ask Hirohiko for some suntan lotion too. They were sure Hirohiko would be very happy to assist her.
I thought this was shaping up well. Particularly since I would get to be part of this mother and daughter threesome.
After what seemed like a rather long time to spend exploring such a tiny cave, the two of them appeared from under the waterfall. While Hirohiko came over to us on the rocks, my wife swam back over to the other side and climbed up to the flat rocks at the top of the falls. I could see she was getting our picnic lunch out so decided to climb up to help. I also wanted to find out what happened under the waterfall.
"Did you get your feel?" I asked her.
She looked up and laughed. "Eventually, but before that, I thought I was swimming with an octopus. Hands everywhere!"
"Was he as bad as that?"
"Yes, but not exactly what I'd call bad."
I gave a laugh at that.
By now the Japanese had joined us and were unpacking some lunch of their own. Our combined lunches turned into quite a spread.
We were sitting on towels spread on the rocks, talking and relaxing. I was waiting for the Japanese girls to make the first move. I could see it would be well received by Lizamoa and Hirohiko as they were sitting beside each other talking quietly.
"This sun is very hot," Tukiko said."
"You need some lotion on before you get burnt," Sayako answered.
"Can someone do my back?"
"Ask Joseph," Sayako said. "He'll do it for you."
"Joseph?" Tukiko asked, turning to me.
"Sure," I replied, more than ready to help.
Tukiko lay on her front and taking some lotion in my hands, I began to rub it over her shoulders. From there I began working down on to her back. I looked over and saw Liz and Hirohiko were watching us.
I heard Liz say, "I need some lotion too."
"Ok, hon. I'll do you soon."
"It's ok Joseph. Hirohiko can do it."
I saw her pass him a bottle of lotion before turning to lay on her stomach. As expected, he was more than keen to start rubbing the lotion over my wife's back.
By now, I was down to Tukiko's arse. A sexy arse too, I must add. I rubbed the oil all over her bum cheeks and down on to the back of her thighs. Her thighs were parted so between her cheeks I could see a beautiful little bum hole and lower to her pussy lips.
Taking the lotion bottle I let a drop land at the top of her arse split. I watched as it began to run down until it reached her bum hole. I couldn't help seeing that shudder her body gave at the feeling of that. My fingers followed, running down her crack, briefly playing with her butt hole until finally, giving a quick rub over her pussy lips. She was wet too.
Now, I asked Sayako to lay on the next towel and I proceeded to give the entire back of her body the same treatment her daughter had got. I even included the little pussy rub at the end too.
I looked over at the other couple and discovered they were now in front of us. Lizamoa was on her back now, her tits getting a real work-over. The full treatment. It was obvious she was enjoying it too.
When I asked the two girls to roll onto their backs, they were both keen. Kneeling between them I poured some oil onto each lady and then began to rub it in using a hand on each of them. I took more time with their breasts, of course, rubbing over the soft flesh mounds and working at their nipples. It was clear both Sayako and Tukiko were enjoying it.
I looked over to find that Hirohiko was kneeling between her open thighs, and now, her pussy getting a real work-over with his hands. Yes, I knew our plan was working. It wouldn't be long before they were fucking. My wife would take care that they would. And the way she was humping at his hand, probably an orgasm before they started fucking too.
Taking the lotion bottle I poured a few drops into the pussy hair of each lady, allowing some to run down over their pussy lips. Then I went in with my hands. A hand to each pussy. I discovered Tukiko was really juiced but it wasn't long before Sayako was getting the same way.
"Ok, you girls. Who wants my cock first?"
"Mmmmm!" goes Tukiko.
"Give it to her first. Then you can do me," Sayako added.
Looking at Tukiko I asked, "How do you want it, honey?"
She looked at me for I moment, I think surprised. Was it that her mother had offered her to me first or that I had given her a choice as to which way she wanted.
"You go on top," she finally said.
As she lay back, I pulled her legs open wider and got down between them. Beautiful pussy. From that position, she was really showing it all. I reached forward to her pussy lips, pulling it open with my thumbs. Gently, I pressed my cock head into her. Yes, I said gently because I knew many women find me very big at first. But I knew that most can take me if they relax and allow their body time to adjust. I also knew, almost all of them would enjoy their cunts full of a big cock too.
Her mother was sitting close beside me watching. I think slightly anxious that I might hurt her daughter. But I knew what I was doing, knew she could take me. She was actually larger than my wife, Lizamoa.
A few gentle thrusts, holding each time to allow her to get used to me and stretch to accommodate me. Each thrust going in deeper than the one before, before I'd pull back to press in again. I would have been happy to start fucking her from there but she insisted on trying to take all of me. I am always amazed that so many women are like that. I think it becomes some sort of a challenge to take me all.
There is always that smile too when they do. The challenge of taking the biggest cock they have ever seen into their cunts. The success when they discover that they can take it all. The look of satisfaction having done it, then the total look of surprise when I start using my cock to fuck them. The movement of my cock, sliding in and out is entirely different to just holding it there.
Tukiko was the same, the look of triumph and success turning to surprise. Then the smile coming again as she realizes just how good my cock felt inside her.
I only did a few thrusts like that before I changed position. Sitting like that would have been fine for me but I was looking for a position that would give her clitty more stimulation. I moved forward so my body came down onto of her, taking care not to put my full weight on her small body. It was the most common way with the man on top but it was common because it was usually effective which was why I used it.
Now, I really started to fuck her. My cock driving deep inside each time. From the very start, she turned vocal which I think kind of surprised her mother but I found exciting. As I moved, pressing my cock into her hot little pussy, pulling it back from her to press in again, she was moaning and gasping, really getting into it.
As I was confident she probably wouldn't last long, I quickly built up to a steady pace, continuing fucking her. I noticed she didn't make any attempt to help me, just lying there passive as I did all the work. I didn't mind, her tight little cunt still felt great against my cock. And the movement she didn't make, was more than made up by the vocal.
As I predicted, she was soon heading towards her climax. I knew before we finished, I was probably be taking her again but next, I had her mother to enjoy so I figured getting in, getting the job done here, then getting out was the best strategy. I'd intended coming back later to give her clitty another tickle with my big cock.
She was rising now, quickly climbing toward her high. I was ready to take her over but I held back, allowing the sensations in her pussy to build for a while more. Now she was wiggling under me, humping her pussy up at me and of course, the noise she was making, continued. By now, realising there was an orgasm on offer, she was in a hurry to get there. Naughty girl! So impatient. Just how I wanted her.
I figured it was time now. Time to knock this hot little pussy off. I slowed my pace and began giving her a series of short, sharp thrusts. Her eyes opened at the shock of that. Her body rose up against me with a massive hump and she orgasmed. If her taking a fuck hadn't been spectacular, then her cum was even better. She gave a loud cry, her body shaking as her cum burst, followed by a series of moans as her climax subsided.
I kept going through it all as best I could. It was an exciting feeling a tight cunt, cumming as it grips your cock and this tight little cunt didn't disappoint either. But I had more work to do first. There was another woman beside me, hanging out to try my cock too so I held myself back, just allowing Tukiko to finish this time.
I'm not sure she even noticed I hadn't cum until I pulled out but by then it didn't matter. I looked down at her. Her cunt was open and wet, juices pouring from her. Then I looked to her face. She was lying there, catching her breath as she looked up at me.
"How was that?" I asked quietly.
A broad smile burst upon her face. "Amazing!" she said.
I didn't reply. There was none needed now. I just smiled back at her.
Now it was Sayako's turn. She seemed to want to take me, sitting up over me. That was ok with me too even though I would most likely cum this time. Tukiko's little pussy had taken some resisting and I knew another pussy would take me over.
I lay back on the towel to allow her to get over me. Here was a new pussy trying my cock for the first time so I felt I better warn her to be careful.
"Take your time," I told her. "Get used to me first."
"Yes, you are a big boy, aren't you?
I smiled at that. "You're not the first woman to say that."
She replied, "I bet all the girls do."
Sayako was sitting over me, kneeling with a leg each side. I am quite a big man so even that was a bit of a stretch for her. I could see all her pussy as she began to lower herself onto me. It was split and open, the lips swollen and wet. Here was another very turned on lady. One hand holding my cock, guiding me into where she wanted me. I felt her press down on my head. I could see my cock head pressing between her lips, slowly disappearing inside her.
She had seen what happened with her daughter and was ready for me. There was a lot of control with the entry. She was controlling just how much she could take, going deeper and deeper with each attempt. Allowing her pussy to open around me and get used to having me inside. I knew this was an experienced woman who knew exactly what she was doing.
She was now taking me deep and there came that one final push, the one where she went all that way. The smile at her success and she said. "See! I knew I could take you."
"But taking is only part of it," I replied. "What are you like at fucking is what I want to know."
She stopped and looked at me. "Don't you think I can fuck?"
"Show me!"
There was that smile again. That look of mature confidence, "Ok! I will."
She began to move, the muscles of her thighs rising her body before allowing her to drop on to me again. Moving her pussy so I would slide in and out of her. There was that air of confidence about her, a woman who knew exactly what she wanted and how to get it. I also knew she would deliver for me at the same time.
At first, her pace wasn't particularly fast, control might be the way I would describe it. All the time her eyes were looking down, never leaving my face. She was reading me, watching for any sign from me.
I reached for her tits now, a hand going for each. My fingers running over them, not large but nice shape. Almost able to hold up themselves. I noticed the nipples too. Larger and with roughened tips. This was a woman who had given child-birth. Three kids, I later found out. I must say she had kept in great shape after having all that.
Her nipples looked great, turning out to be very sensitive when I reached for them. For a moment her eyes closed at the contact before opening again so she could continue watching me. I took them between my fingers, rubbing over them, rolling them and pinching them. She seemed to love it all.
Her fucking had continued. The pace had picked up now and she was leaning closer to me to bring her clitty closer to the action. The upward pull was slower and the downward thrust was short and fast. That felt good and I could tell she was getting there too.
I still noticed she was in control. This wasn't any wild, undisciplined fucking. This was a woman who knew how to please a man and please herself at the same time. The sex with her was good, very good, in fact. I was enjoying what she was doing. Of course, I was helping now with thrusts up to meet her, my hands still playing with her tits.
But this pussy was getting to me now. I could see she was getting closer now too. I decided the best strategy would be to take her over and then get myself off. I had begun meeting her downward thrusts by coming back up at her at the same time. I think that's surprised her at first but soon she was enjoying it too.
While Sayako wasn't as vocal as her daughter but there was no doubt, she was enjoying it. I tried talking to her a bit dirty.
"Come on, naughty girl. Fuck your cunt on my big cock!"
She gave a moan. So, she liked that, did she?
"Fill your cunt. Fuck me with your cunt."
"Your pussy, so wet."
"So horny with a cock in you."
I could feel the shiver of excitement. It was getting to her, turning her on.
"You want my cum in you."
"You want my hot cum in your wet cunt."
She gave another moan as her eyes closed. She was so close.
"You like having another man... His cock in your cunt... Fucking your cunt!
Her whole body gave a shudder.
"My cum in you... Another man's cum... In your cunt."
"Oh!" she gasped.
I saw her whole-body jerk as a pre-orgasm spasm burst through her. She was so close now. I must also say, I was too. Just a few more fucks and I'd be there too. A few more downward thrusts, it was all it took for both of us.
Her body jerked again, she cried out and lost control. Her body falling forward against me. As she lay over me, spasms of orgasm racking her body, my arms went up around her to hold her. I used my own body to thrust up into her a couple of times as my orgasm took me too.
The tightening of my balls, the burst of orgasmic pleasure as my cock began pumping into her. It felt great, more than I expected. Amazing actually.
She had recovered by now. She knew what was happening, probably felt how my cock was pumping into her. She gave me a few gentle downward thrusts, gentle pumps actually, to help me as I finished.
She reached forward, gave me a quick kiss on my lips and rolled off me. I lay there looking up at her smiling face. It had been good for me and she knew it too. I knew I had been fucked by a more mature woman who knew exactly what she was doing. I woman who knew how to please each of us at the same time. And there was no doubt she just had too.
"Oh! Well!" I said. "That was some fuck!"
"Yes," she replied. She knew it, too.
Those two fairly tight Japanese pussies had about finished me for a while, but it was clear these two hotties wanted more. I got them to sit beside each, resting back on their hands with their pussies wide open. I this way I could work on them both at the same time.
First, I started on Tukiko, going in with my tongue to lick all over her wet pussy. I took long licks up and down the length of her cunt until I could feel her lips swelling and splitting open again. Yes, she was getting turned on again and I was confident I could make her orgasm but my challenge was to do both of them.
Pulling back from Tukiko's pussy, I replaced my mouth with my hand. I moved sideways so now I was in front of Sayako. She was laying back too, displaying as much as her daughter had. I went in with the same strategy. Long licks, up and down the length of her cunt.
It wasn't long before she was juicing up like her daughter. As I thrust my tongue into her, she was humping and thrusting back at me.
This is how I continued, moving back and forth between the two women, alternatively using my tongue and my hand. It was working well and it was clear both women would get there but it was also obvious that Tukiko was much closer. I decided it was time to finish her off.
I went in for her with my mouth, the pressing in with my tongue became sucking at her with my lips. Taking both hands now I pulled her open wide and pressed into her soft, wet flesh. She liked that as she bucked around and humped at me. This was it, I thought. I went for her little hard clitty, grasping at it with my lips.
Oh! Did that do the trick? She went off like a box of fireworks. Her back arching, her legs coming in to clamp each side of my head. She moaned and the cried out. A couple more shudders and she fell back against the towel exhausted. It obviously had been another big one.
Now I could turn my full attention on to Tukiko's mother.
Sayako was ready for me, sitting back, supported by her hands. She had seen what had just happened to her daughter and wanted some of that too. Her thighs were stretched open, displaying her pussy and open lips. Before, I had been playing with her while I went in for Tukiko. Now, I got serious to get her off.
I lay down in front of her bringing my face down to her pussy. Gently I pulled her open and thrust my tongue into her. She was wet, soaking, in fact. Her taste was a mixture of her juices and the cum I had just delivered to her, which was leaking out now. Nice taste, I kind of like how the two fluids blended nicely together like that.
I began with licks along her lips before pushing in deeper between them. She could feel the contact I had with the soft pink inner flesh. Deep inside her, I could feel her body shudder with excitement. My deeper licking soon became lips sucking and then deeper licking up high towards her clitty. I intended getting her off and figured it would only take some work directly on her clitty, to do it.
She was giving little moans now. Rather sexy to hear actually.
Finally, I decided it was time to take her over. I pressed in under the hood, directly contacting her clitty. Most women find this highly stimulating and Sayako was no exception. She was suddenly building quickly. Building towards another big one. I was rather pleased with this reaction and went in for the kill. I pressed in with my tongue licking around and over the little nub of her clitty.
She gave a shudder and her cum hit her. Bucked against my mouth and went over. Again, it seemed to be an intense one. How does my wife say? - a mind-blowing orgasm! Ha! Ha!
I was finished for a while, but the women had, had a couple of cums each. Now I lay back between them.
"Want some more," I asked Sayako.
She quickly nodded yes.
"Ok, then. Get me hard and we can have some more fun."
She leaned over me, taking my semi-soft cock with her hand. After giving a few experimental pumps she went in with her mouth. Holding me with just her fingers, she began licks over the head. Quickly she got a reaction so she could wrap her fist around me.
Meanwhile, her daughter, Tukiko, was sitting opposite her, watching everything she was doing. Soon, Tukiko leaned forward to join in too. Both women, licking over the head and down along my shaft. It was beginning to feel really good, so good they had brought me to full erection.
Now, while Sayako moved lower to suck my balls, Tukiko took my head into her mouth and began sucking there. All this time, she continued that slow pumping with her hand. Soon, it was feeling so good that I knew too much more of this and I would be cumming.
My hand reached to stop her.
Both women lifted their heads to look at me.
"I think that is enough of that," I said.
"Don't you want to cum?" Tukiko asked.
"Yes, of course. But inside one of you as I fuck you both again."
I saw the smiles appear on both their faces when they suddenly realised they were both going to get lucky again.
This time I took Sayako first. She lay back and I came down on top of her. Where there had been some hesitation before, this time her willing pussy took me with ease. I felt my cock press between her lips and she was so wet from her juice and my recent cum that I slipped in with only a couple of thrusts.
My intention was to take things slowly as we went. But almost from the start, her impatient pussy was humping back at me, wanting more from me.
"Fuck me!" she breathed into my ear. "Give me hard!"
Now, that surprised me but I was happy to oblige with what this horny woman wanted. If she wanted good hard fucking then that is what she'll get. If it's too much she can always ask me to stop.
"Tell me to stop if it's too much," I said.
"It won't be," she returned.
'Oh, really?' I thought.
So, no more messing around. I pulled out and thrust into her with all I had. I heard the woman under me give a gasp. I also heard the woman sitting watch us give a gasp too. I think Tukiko was surprised at how rough I was with her mother.
"Yes!" Sayako breathed. "Give it to me."
Now, I began to really fuck her. No more playing around and foreplay. Just good hard fucking. At first, I began with a long slower pull out and then a sharp, fast thrust back in. My lower body plunging down against her, driving my cock deep inside her. She was taking me easily, taking me right up so my balls slapped against her arse hole.
But the surprising thing was, she was loving it. Her pussy humping up to me, her voice urging me to keep going and give her more. The way she was carrying on was exciting for me too. I was speeding up my pullout as well now.
As I continued, she was becoming more and more vocal. So different than the first time with her had been. She was actually making so much noise that she was attracting the attention of my wife Lizamoa and Hirohiko. They had come over beside Tukiko to watch.
She looked over to see her husband watching.
"Oh!" she groaned, her body giving another shudder.
She was actually turned on by Hirohiko watching her getting fucked by me.
I began to realise that Sayako was getting there now which was lucky as I wasn't sure how much longer I could take. Her vocal was getting wild too. It was becoming harder to understand her now, some was just crying out of moans, some might have been Japanese, I couldn't be sure. But it was sure sexy to hear her.
Suddenly, it happened. Her pelvis thrust up against me and held. She moaned deeply in my ear and her whole body gave a shudder under me. I could feel her cunt contract, her body gripping me as her orgasm burst over her. I tried to keep going as best I good but it's a bit hard to fuck when the woman under you is bucking around like she was.
As she settled, I continued. This time, making it a bit slower but still using much of my strength. She had recovered and was helping me again. I was even considering if I might be going to cum too and have nothing left for her daughter.
But I didn't need to worry as suddenly the woman under me was off again. One look at her husband slowly stroking his cock was all it took. Her back was arching her pussy against me as yet another orgasm overcame her. This one appeared to be strong but not as big as the one before.
This time, I decided to let her calm down. I slowed to gentle strokes as she recovered and continued until she opened her eyes and looked up at me.
"Oh! That was good!" she whispered to me. "So good!"
"You are welcome," I replied.
I pull back from her as my cock slipped from her and I looked down and saw it glistering in the sunlight from the wetness of being inside her.
I turned to look at Tukiko. She was sitting looking back at me.
"Now you Tukiko," I said.
She looked around and saw the others were now watching. Lizamoa and Hirohiko were sitting there, Sayako was on the other side of us too.
"With them all watching?"
Of course, she meant with her mother and father watching.
"Sure, why not? Which way do you want it?"
She was hesitating and I wondered if I was actually going to get my last round of fucking or she would chicken out. I think in the end, the thought of my cock inside her again won her over. She smiled at me and nodded. Yes, she was going to do it.
"Ok," she replied. "How do you want, Joseph."
"I like doggy," I replied.
"Right, doggy it is."
"Have you done doggy before?"
She looked around at her father then turned to me and nodded her head. I expect she wasn't wanting to admit to them her sexual experience.
Tukiko got up on her hands and knees, presenting a beautiful arse to me. Round curves of her cheeks with the split down the middle, revealing her bum hole and down between her thighs her cunt lips. I took a moment to view her and explore. Very nice, I must say.
Taking her by the hips, I pressed my cock in between the tops of her thighs to her pussy. She was still wet from all the fun we'd had so I could easily enter her. In this position, a woman feels a lot tighter and Tukiko did too. Her pussy gripped me firmly as I pressed in deeper.
I began slowly, going in deep until my body came up against her arse and then pulling back until my cock head almost came out of her. I continued with these long slow strokes, looking down and watching my cock sliding in and out.
She began giving tiny little moans which I kind of found sexy. I saw it as a signal to speed up a bit. She felt amazing. Her tight pussy hole felt great the way it fitted around my cock. Looked pretty good too from where I was.
Taking one hand I pulled the split of her arse further open and let a large blob of spit drop on to her. I watched it run down the split to her bum hole and then using my thumb, I rubbed over the outside of her puckered little hole. She gave a louder moan, showing she liked that too. For a moment I wondered if she would like a cock in the arse too but then decided with her parents watching, let's not go there.
By now I had both hands on her hips again as she was bucking around a bit and I was beginning to get there too. For a moment I looked over and saw her father watching us. I wondered what he thought of this man fucking his dear little daughter.
My attention was brought back to the job as I was just moments away now and so I decided to push her over. I reached in under her and found the top end of her cunt. Press in there I gave a few rubs of her clitty. Oh, and did she go off. She bucked at me so strongly that I slipped out. As she fell forward onto the towels, I began to cum. Three of four large blobs of cum landing all over the sweet sexy arse as my audience watched. She gave another soft moan of pleasure as I brought my hands down and rubbed my cum over her arse cheeks
By now it was getting into the afternoon. I would have to get going soon as I had to get back to the Park Centre to clock out for the day. Yeah, you've guessed it. Getting paid to fuck hot Japanese pussy. What a good job? Wish it happened every day. LOL
We had another quick swim as we all needed to clean up and then got dressed and packed up. They came with us and the five of us walked up to the car park together.
On the way, Liz was walking with Hirohiko and Tukiko was following behind them. Sayako was walking beside me. She was telling me; this had been a fantasy come true for both of them.
"Sometimes in our bed, we talk about me being with another man."
She looked at me as if wondering if she should continue.
I just nodded my head to say I was listening.
"A total strange whom neither of us knows," she continued. "He comes to me and takes me with sex while Hirohiko watches."
"Like we did today?"
"Yes," she replied. "We have found this exciting for both of us. But never been willing to try it for real."
"It was just your fantasy," I said.
"Yes, just our fantasy."
"And now it is your reality."
"Reality," she repeated.
We had stopped now as her hand came over to give me hand a squeeze. "Thank you!" she said, her body coming against mine to give me a hug. I looked over her shoulder to see the three in front of us had stopped too.
My eyes met Hirohiko as he said, "Watching you fucking Sayako had been amazing."
He glanced over at Lizamoa and added. "And I thank you both too."