It was the strangest thing, there we were sitting alongside the road waiting for the Nude Day Parade when a damn good looking woman approached us. She put her hands on her hips, hooked her thumbs through the belt loops in her jeans and slowly looked each one of us over.
We really didn't mind because we were all looking her over, each, I'm sure, wishing she was part of the parade. I took a quick look at her long red hair and then let my eyes slide down her body, skipping over the buttons on her blouse to carefully unbutton her jeans. After a quick blink, they continued, unzipping her and then sliding the jeans down her long, muscular thighs.
Thankfully I could see a dark shadow through her panties. After a moment contemplating the almost forgotten joy of a woman's pubic hair, my eyes carefully slipped her panties down to the ground. Just as they were climbing back up her legs to see if she was truly a redhead their vision was abruptly shattered...
"Excuse me, would you five gentlemen please follow me inside," she asked, tossing her hair back over her shoulder.
I glanced over to my friends and then shrugged, "Whatever you want."
The five of us followed her through a door, through another door and into a small office. There was one small desk in the office and nothing else, not a phone, no computer, not even paper or a pen.
"Would you line up against that wall and turn facing me?"
We moved against the wall and turned to face her. I noticed she had pulled a tape measure from somewhere.
"Gentlemen today is Nude Day, a day to celebrate the natural beauty and intense freedom of nudity. It is not a day for a bunch of immature middle-aged perverts to gawk at naked women."
"Oh damn," I thought, "of all the women to grab me on the street I had to end up with a feminist." I waited anxiously.
"Well guys, can't you figure it out?"
Well, my friends and I aren't the sharpest folks around, so we just stood there wondering what this suddenly crazy seeming woman about to do. We stood there in silence for quite some time before Charlie, the ex football player spoke, "You want us to..."
He paused, looked over at me and then looked at each of my friends before looking back at the woman. Rubbing the stubble on his face and then sliding his foot back and forth on the carpet he continued, "You want us to get naked?"
The woman smiled and nodded her head.
Well, normally the thought of getting naked for a woman as hot as this would really get me going, but damn, after her remark about us gawking at women I wasn't so sure. I glanced over to the door and then looked back at the woman and remembered. I remembered the quick little trip my eyes took down her body, how easily they undressed her and how I missed that enticing patch of hair nestled beneath her panties.
I quickly began unbuttoning my shirt as I kicked off my shoes. Dropping my shirt onto the shoes, I unfastened my belt and unfastened my pants, pulling them off with my underwear at the same time. Figuring I was finished, I stood up straight and leaned against the wall.
"Naked, nude I said, completely nude," the woman moaned. "I mean is this how you came to bed with your wives on your wedding day."
"None of us been married," Charlie replied.
"Small wonder," the woman replied. The then pulled the tape from her tape measure and let it snap back inside. "Okay, now I need to take a measurement, but you have to be hard and while I see some of you have risen to the occasion, some still need some encouragement."
I was one of the ones needing encouragement. After replaying the memory of undressing her with my eyes I was there, but damn, the snap of that tape measure cause a twinge I felt in my balls. I wondered if I could ever get it up for her.
Well, I only wondered for a moment because she began unbuttoning her blouse and by the time she carefully placed it on the desk and turned to us I was fully hard. Fortunately one of my friends, Dave, was still a bit timid, and she had to resort to removing her bra.
Oh and how exquisitely that black lace first bounced and then slipped off of her silky breasts. The skin was so light with a gentle sprinkling of freckles that seemed to meander out to her dark and damn, firm nipples.
"Gentlemen, it appears you are now ready for the measurements," she said, kneeling down in front of Charlie.
One by one she measured our cocks, recording the length and girth of each. When she finished she walked back to her desk and sat down on it. Looking over her clipboard for a moment, she looked up and said, "Okay, Charlie and, you, your John right?"
John nodded.
"I want you both to hurry back up the street and ask for float seventeen. You got that? Seventeen."
"We're gonna..."
"Yes, you're gonna be in the parade, on float seventeen. Now leave your clothes, I'll make sure they get back to you. Just go."
The men quickly ran out the door, looked both ways up and down the street and then ran up the hill.
"The rest of you can pick up your clothes and... well, wait a minute. You, Jim is it?" she asked, pointing at me.
"Yes," I replied.
"You follow me," she instructed but when I bent down to grab my clothes she continued, "Leave them here, we'll grab them in a minute.
"The rest of you take your clothes and go. Now fellas, I better not catch you wearing them until the parade is over, understand?"
My two friends nodded, grabbed their clothes and headed outside. I watched them head back to the street holding their clothes in front of them. When I looked back to the woman, she was holding a door open for me.
"Well?"
I quickly walked through the door into a nearly identical office from the one we were just in, the same desk without a phone, computer, anything. I stood near the wall as she walked over to the desk and sat on it, leaving one foot still on the ground.
"Now Jim, I measured all five of you and well..."
I felt my face getting hot.
"You were the smallest by far."
I nodded, then shrugged.
"You know I selected five average guys from the street and well I expected all of them to be average. Charlie and John, well they were quite a bit above average, and the other two, well, even they were above average. Now you Jim, you are nowhere near average."
"I... I've gained some weight and, well, there was a time..."
"You're saying you were bigger when you were younger."
I nodded.
"Jim, has your ah... lack of dimension affected your sex life?"
"I'm not really sure, I haven't had much of one. I mean I am not a virgin but..."
"The times you've been with a woman they haven't rushed back for more?"
"No, I can't say that they have."
"Well Jim, I don't know if I can say your luck has changed for good, but I think it may have changed for now."
"What do you mean?"
"Well Jim, my boyfriend is big, not as big as Charlie, but big and you know, for the entire time I have been with him I have only wanted to do one thing. You know what that is?"
I shook my head no.
"I have always wanted to take a man's cock into my mouth, not just part of a cock, but the whole thing. With my boyfriend as big as he is and with my pronounced gag reflex, there is no way. It's been like that with all the guys I've been with, but now... I think..."
She paused and I felt her eyes move down my body and focus on my tiny cock. I wasn't sure what to do so I simply stood there.
"Yes, I think I've found one I can do something with. Come over here and sit on the desk."
I moved over, waited for her to move off the desk and then I sat on it.
"Open your legs."
I followed her instructions and watched as she knelt down, rested her hands on my thighs and moved her head closer to my cock. She looked up at me and smiled, opened her mouth and moved her bright red lips down over me. Feeling her tongue roll over me I kept watching as more and more of my slipped between her lips until I felt her lower lip nibbling at my balls and her upper lip press against the base of my cock.
As she took me to the hilt I felt her fingers clench on my thighs and felt an incredible feeling come over my cock. With all that extra room in her mouth she began to do things to me I never thought could be done. I felt the incredible suction as she drew her head back and then felt her tongue wind around me like a snake as she slithered back onto me.
Her head bobbed up and down, again and again as her tongue, her teeth and her lips teased, tortured and pleased me in an infinite array of sensation. I had visions of what I would do to this woman. I pictured her on her back with my head buried between her legs, eating her as she came again and again, finally finishing her off sliding my cock between her pussy lips until she screamed for more... more... more... Oh fuck, too soon... to soon. I closed my eyes and gave in to the pleasure. Pushing my hips forward I came, spurting my cum into her mouth in spurt after spurt.
She held me in her mouth as my cock slowly shrank, only letting it dribble out when it shrank completely. She then swallowed and stood up, looking me directly in the eyes. Leaning forward she gave me a soft kiss on the mouth and then whispered, "Thank you, I've always wanted to experience that."
"But can't I... I mean I'd like to do something for you. I'd like to please you."
"Shh, shhh," she said, holding her finger up to my lips. "You have, you already have. You've pleased me so much." She then glanced at her watch, frowned and rushed into the other room.
I followed her only to find her adjusting her breasts into her bra. She then grabbed her blouse off the desk and began buttoning it as she pushed open the door with her foot. Stepping outside, she turned and headed up the hill.
"Damn," I thought, "I never did get to see if she was a natural redhead." I picked up my clothes and holding over my cock I headed out to watch the parade. I wandered over and sat down with my friends.
Anyway, after an extended and often interrupted discussion about what happened after they left, my friends finally settled down to watch the parade. Sure enough, we spotted Charlie and John on a float which half a dozen other large cocked men. As they passed they all kneeled and looked up to a pedestal above them. There she was... with the sun shining on her fiery hair, beautiful breasts and bright red bush. I felt a tingling in my balls as she looked right at me and blew me a kiss.
I whispered to myself, what a wonderful Nude Day Parade.