It had been a long day, Alex mused as he meandered his way home through crowds of summer shoppers, tourists, and teenagers. The first few weeks of the school holidays were always the same, everybody wanted to be in his space. The heat was oppressive, almost unbearable, Alex could feel its sheen across his skin as the sun beat a constant rhythm of heat across his body. He just wanted to go home, crack open a beer, and relax in a cool bath. Weaving his way through the throngs, he soon found himself on the rural path leading home. It was a slightly longer route, but there were no people here, no need to change course because of someone else's whim. He smiled to himself just a little, taking in the trees, the winding river, the wading birds deep in conversation with each other on the opposite bank.
He was so lost in his thoughts, he barely noticed the woman walking towards him. Dark hair curled over her shoulders, a long summer dress hugging her curves. She stopped a little way off and leant against a tree to light a cigarette, the light in her eyes screaming silent mischief.
As soon as he laid her eyes on her, his legs seemed to speed up. He wasn't even sure it was voluntary. As he drew level with her she exhaled, sending plumes of smoke dancing into the air. "Hello, big boy," she intoned in the pseudo-gravelly manner of a 50's movie star, "fancy a swim?"
They locked eyes, and dissolved into fits of giggles. "How long did it take you to come up with that line," gasped Alex between breaths of sobbing laughter, "I think you've killed me!" He sat back against the tree trunk, and grabbed her hand, pulling her down to sit on his lap.
"Oh, I don't know," she said, wiping tears from under her eyes."At least an hour, I guess, you took forever getting here."
"I'm sorry, Kat," he said, stroking his thumb across the back of her hand. "It was manic, there were people everywhere and... I thought we were meeting at yours?"
She grinned up at him, guiltily. " We were, but..."
"But you couldn't wait to be my little slut for the evening?" Alex raised an eyebrow as he traced one finger along Kat's leg, to the inside of her thigh. Her breath caught in her throat but he went no higher, he seemed content to draw circles on her skin, ever the tease.
Kat nodded, reaching up to his cheek. She drew him towards her, kissing him lightly. His other hand found the back of her head, holding her in place. Her legs parted, allowing his fingers to continue their search. He took his time, drawing her out, making her gasp into his mouth. She was urgent, desperate, her hands already at his belt.
"Stop", he said. She looked up at him, flushed and breathing heavily, hands stilled. "Lift your dress up." She did as she was told, hitching the skirt up over her hips, revealing nothing but the curve of her legs and the warmth of her skin. "No underwear," he smiled, "Good girl! Stand up and wait there for me." As she stood, he deftly removed his belt, pulling open his boxers. He was already rock hard.
"Come here," he said. She stood over him, biting her lip. Once again, he grabbed her hands to pull her down, and she fell willingly to her knees, straddling him, so close to what she wanted.
"Please?" Her voice was little more than a whisper, her hips already moving. He could feel the slick wetness against him, building his need for her so that he could no longer bear to make her wait. With one swift motion, he was inside her.
Kat bit her lip and moaned as the full length of him slid into her. His hands found her hips and began to move them, slowly, as he kissed her collarbones, nipping at her neck with his teeth. He allowed her to move faster, one hand closing around her throat, the other between her legs, finding her clit using the gentlest of strokes, making her moan and shudder on top of him.
"I want to, please, can I?" Her voice was laboured under the weight of her breathing, her eyes on his face. He shook his head.
"Not yet, hold it for me, there's a good girl," he whispered. She bit her lip again, as though drawing on any reserve she had.
A dog barked in the distance, voices approaching on the path. With ease, Alex pulled down Kat's dress, covering both of them, and began a breezy conversation about nothing in particular, each sentence punctuated by a sharp thrust into her, making her gasp.
He waited then, until an older couple and their dog rounded the corner into view. Slowly, his hand made its way under the folds of her dress and began caressing her again, faster this time. They waved and said, "Good afternoon!" as they stopped next to the river. The dog bounded into the water and the couple threw a tennis ball in for the dog to fetch. The man struck up a conversation with Alex about the glorious sunshine, and how lovely it was to be able to go out walking at this time, wasn't it just fine?
As he was speaking, Alex whispered, "Now, cum for me now, little slut. Right now, on my cock, in front of these strangers, quietly."
With the smallest moan, Kat allowed the orgasm she had been denying herself to flood through her. Her muscles tensed as wave after wave of pleasure courses through her body. She doubled over, her hand in her mouth so as not to make a sound.
It did not go unnoticed.
"Is your girlfriend ok?" The woman asked.
"I'm fine," Kat replied, trying to sound normal as the balance tipped and the pleasure gave in to the pain of ecstasy. "Just a bit of a stomach ache!"
"Well, you go careful, dear! People down our way have had all sorts of funny bugs recently!" They began to walk back down the path, soon fading from view entirely.
"That's my filthy little whore," Alex smiled and stroked her face. "Good girl. Stand up for me."
She stood, her face flushed and smiling, as he pushed against the tree. The bark bit into her skin as he pushed himself inside her again. He held her hands above her head and fucked her hard, not letting her cum despite her pleading with him.
Without warning, he withdrew and pushed her to her knees. His release was immediate, her lips and cheek soon covered in his cum. She opened her mouth for him, using her tongue to clean his cock. She tasted herself as well as him, and fought the urge to cum again.
As she made to clean her own face, he stopped her. "Oh no," he whispered, "my girl goes home with the evidence all over her face. The world should know how good she is."
He kissed her then, and began to walk her home.