Part 3 is called "One Night of Liberty in Perth", it came about before we decided on putting things in order.
Once a long time ago I was very wrapped up in America On-Line. I spent a lot of time chatting in various rooms and one day I got into a conversation with a woman who lived in Northern California. We chatted for a couple days and we really hit it off. No, I never met her. However, she invited me into a chat room she frequented called Physicians On-Line or POL. I was not a care provider or ever involved with a medical field, she thought I'd fit in and have fun. I was invited in because we got along real well and she thought I'd enjoy all the chatter.
Chatting in "the loft" was a common occurrence for those wanting a more intimate or private conversation. There were mostly women in the room(s), nurses and such, from all over the country. It's been many years since this happened and I expect they've all moved on. Screen names like ChampagneLady, XXXXXPRN-QH, FleetElite, and such. Eventually, due to my travel with the Navy I met many of them in individual encounters and lunches and dinners. This is one memorable and unique encounter that was unplanned and spontaneous.
I had been open and honest with everyone in the POL chat room. Everyone knew who I was and where I lived. One woman was in there alot. She was 33, married with 2 kids and living near Long Beach, CA, I'll call her Melinda. For some oddly naive reason her husband allowed her to travel around the country to what he thought were innocent POL get togethers. Unknown to him she had a guy she met with each time for sex. She was fairly submissive and enjoyed doing what she was told. When they met he'd sit on a chair and tell her what to do, eventually she'd be naked and masterbating in front of him before they had sex. She said he was her one and only bit of intimate excitement to break the "normal marriage sex" she'd fallen into. Anyway, that's her story not mine...
I was sitting online chatting in the POL room one evening when the phone rang. It was Melinda, she was in town (I was about 150 miles from where she lived) and she had just driven by the base. I don't recall anymore why she was in town but it was about 10 pm. Being relatively late she decided to give me a call and see if she could spend the night on my couch before driving home.
I told her it was fine and walked out to the gate to escort her on base. A sexual encounter was not even a thought, we were friends. When I met her I could smell the alcohol and told her to move over so I could drive on base. She didn't seem drunk but clearly had been drinking. We got to my room and we sat down opposite each other and began talking. Even though this was the first time I'd ever met her in person it was like we had known each other for years and started talking about POL stuff and this led to talking about her "friend". We began to share intimate experiences and were having a really good time.
After a while she asked if there was somewhere to get a drink. We walked up to the little bar that was in the BOQ complex.
We started drinking... to describe her, Melinda wasn't a small woman and by that I dont' mean she was fat. She was my height, 6 feet tall and full figured. Her figure was probably 38-34-36, dishwater blonde hair, and not ugly. She was a woman and mother. It was around midnight when I told her we'd better get back to the room so she could get some sleep.
A quick note on my room. It used to be two rooms with a shared bathroom and shower where one room had been turned into a living/sitting room. Very roomy and nice, the bathroom still had two separate sinks. As I mentioned, she had shared what really aroused her when she had talked about her lover. I decided to see what would happen if I played on that knowledge.
When we walked in I plopped in the chair and put my feet up. Melinda stood in the doorway of the bathroom connection between the rooms and began to say, "Good night." She was wearing a button up flowered shirt, pants, and a thigh length jacket.
I said, intentionally not asking, "You will now do what ever I tell you to."
She said with a smile, "What?"
I repeated myself.
She stopped what she as doing and I added, "Take your jacket off."
She looked at me and I smiled at her, repeating, "Take your jacket off." She kind of cocked her head to one side, smiled a bit, and unbuttoned her jacket taking it off and laying it across the back of the couch.
"Now your shoes...," She slipped off her shoes and kicked them aside. She had steadied herself a bit and was leaning with her back against the doorway.
"Put your hands on your breasts"... she ran her hands up her waist and cupped each breast lifting them and squeezing them. She smiled and was enjoying it. Her head tilted back and she licked her lips, raising up on her stocking feeted toes.
"Unbutton your shirt and open it up," she unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it out of her pants, letting the shirt fall open. She was wearing your typical white Mom bra. She looked very pretty standing there, her skin was pale, one hand on her belly with another cupping a breast again. She caressed her belly looking at me. I said, "We'll have some fun but I will not make love to you."
Pausing to see her reaction, which was none... I said, "Undo your pants." She stood still for a bit, then unbuckled and unzipped her pants, slipped one hand just under the top of her Mom panties, her other hand massaging her breast. She appeared to anticipate...
"Are you wet?" I asked.
She said, "Yes" and I said "Prove it to me." Her right hand moved further down under her panties. She shifted a bit and her legs spread. She took in a slow breath closed her eyes. She brought up her right hand and showed it to me, her fingers were wet.
"Come over here," I said. She walked to me, I took her hand by the wrist and brought it to my nose, smelling her fingers and gave them a lick. She smelled very strongly musky, as I expected. I then moved her hand and offered her her own fingers and said, "suck them clean."
She put her fingers into her mouth and sucked on them.
I told her to go back to where she had been standing. She absent mindedly was still licking and sucking on her fingers. She stood there, shirt open revealing her large bra clad breasts, pants unbuckled and around her hips, her white Mom panties pushed down slightly.
"Do you shave?" I asked.
She said, "Yes."
"Bare?"
She replied "No, I leave a landing strip."
"Do you want to cum?" I asked.
She smiled, "Pleasure yourself" I said... she moved her right hand back under her panties until her hand was fully between her legs. The movement of her pants up and down was not simple clit rubbing, she was finger fucking herself. She moved her left hand off her breast to her belly and I said, "I didn't tell you to do that". She stopped and moved her hand back to her tits.
In a few minutes she was flushed, I said, "Play with your breast under your bra." She moved her right hand over her bra to her left breast. She began breathing faster and bent her legs at the knees a bit which spread her legs but they were limited by her pants which were still around her hips.
I sat there watching and trying to decide where to go next with this. Then I had an idea.
"Melinda, STOP," I said suddenly and with a raised voice.
Her eyes popped open and she froze. I calmly said to her, "Listen very carefully and do exactly as I tell you... go to the bedroom, take all your clothes off and toss them into this room, next to the bed you'll find something to cover your eyes, lay down on the bed, across it, not with your head on the pillows, cover yourself except for your head, cover your eyes, then call to me. Do you understand?"
I said this very slowly because I was making it up as I went. Melinda was a good friend and I didn't want to endanger her conviction to not cheat on her husband and her lover. Ya, it was odd, but that was her choice.
Melinda nodded.
The chair I was in was situated to see the TV but not into the bathroom hall.
"Now go", she turned and disappeared. Shortly her shirt was tossed in, followed by her bra, then pants, panties, and finally her socks. A naked woman should be in the next room, I smiled to myself. A voice came from the room, "Can I use the toilet please?"
"Of course, but be quick," I replied.
After a few minutes the toilet flushed, then a minute or so later I heard, "I'm in bed." I walked into the bedroom. Melinda was laying exactly as I had told her. She had put on a sleeping blind fold I sometimes wore. The bedroom had a queen size bed, two table with lamps at each side, a chest of drawers, a desk, and a easy chair in the corner. Melinda's head was on the side of the bed where the chair was. I walked into the room and went to my side table to get some shorts. As I took my clothes off I looked down at her. Between her legs was a hump of where her pubic hair was, her nipples were hard and pushing against the sheet, the entire shape of her body had my cock hard.
I told her, "Pinch your nipples." Her hands moved under the sheets to her nipples, she pinched and rolled them.
"Do you like that?" I asked.
"Ya", she said.
"Pull your tits up by the nipples", she pinched each nipple and lifted, a little grimace came across her face.
"Spread your legs, wide," she spread them very wide under the sheet. She licked her lip. I walked over to the chair in the room and pulled it over to the side of the bed where her head was. Caressing her head I bent to kiss her lightly on the lips. Her mouth opened with her tongue ready. I lifted my mouth up quickly. This spontaneous response told me she was willing to go further with me.
Leaning to her ear I said, "Melinda... I want you to cum for me, but do not uncover yourself or expose any of your body to me, now do it." Her hands moved to between her legs, I love watching a woman masterbate, it's my own little thing. Probably not that uncommon with guys.
Her hands were busy between her legs, she was moving her head from side to side and breathing heavier, her chest rising and falling. Her nipples were huge and had to be dime size and an inch long, Mom nipples poking at the sheet. She began to tilt her wide hips upward and grind them, her head tilted back, and her mouth opened with fast deep breaths. Her breathing was getting short and fast. I leaned forward, pinched each nipple, twisted and lifted her tits by the nipples. She moaned with a deep, "uhghhh", her hips began to jerk upward, her hands which had been fucking up and down had stopped the furious movement and were now relatively still.
She was cuming.
Her face grimaced and her head jerked upward in concert with her hips. This went on for about 30 seconds before she began to calm. I released her nipples and watched her come down off her orgasm high.
I said, "How was that?"
She replied, "Oh, it was a good one, can I take the blind
off now?"
"No"
To which she replied, "What do I have to do to take off this blindfold?" and she stuck out her tongue like she wanted to lick something.
I bent over and said, "Leave your tongue out".
She poked it out further and I lowered my mouth over it, when my mouth was firmly over hers I sucked on her tongue a moment and then pushed on the tip with the tip of my tongue until I had forced her tongue back into her mouth and now my tongue was deep into hers. Lifting my head a bit I slid my tongue partly out of her mouth and then pushed it back in. This began a tongue fucking of her mouth with Melinda twirling her tongue and sucking on my tongue each time I thrust it into her mouth. This evolved into a very deep french kiss which went on for quite a while.
I felt her moving her hands up her body and I told her, "No", she stopped and we kept kissing. I wanted to cum so badly, my cock was screaming for release. I told her I was going to take her blind fold off but she was not to open her eyes. She agreed.
I removed the blind fold gently and stood up telling her, "I'm going to cum on your face, is that OK with you?"
Her reply was to open her mouth and do her tongue dance again.
I stood up, dropped my shorts to the floor and started to stroke as I looked down on her.
She said, "this isn't fair."
I stopped and asked, "Why."
Melinda said, "Because you felt my nipples and I haven't touched you."
"This isn't meant to be fair," I said and then added, "give me your hands but make sure your tits stay covered." She lifted her arms from under the sheet and arranged it so it was under her arms but firmly across above her tits.
God her tits looked great, Mom tits obviously but large and inviting. I took her hands and moved them behind me to cup each ass cheek. She squeezed and rubbed each cheek saying, "Oh, that's better."
I took my cock and began stroking again. Looking down on Melinda, her eyes were closed, mouth open, as I stoked with my right hand. My left hand was grasping her hair. It didn't take long and I felt the urge building to cum. Pointing my cockhead at her mouth I began to cum. Jerking made my aim not all that good and after the first bit going directly into her mouth the rest wound up all over her face with a bit on her neck. Melinda made yummy sounds and licked all she could as she moved her mouth around trying to find my cock. She took her hands off my ass and gathered up as much cum as she could feeding it into her mouth and rubbing on her cheeks. She then tilted her head back and said, "Give it to me".
As badly as I wanted her mouth on my cock I said, "That's not part of tonight's game."
I bent over and gave her a light kiss.
Walking over to a drawer I said, "Make yourself at home and have a nice nights sleep, I'll be on the couch, towels are in the closet if you'd like to clean up a bit better". I put on a clean set underwear and went into the living room, turned out the light, and lay down. I heard Melinda moving about in the bedroom for a few minutes. Then the shower started. It was an aural voyeur experience listening to everything and trying to imagine what she was doing. The shower stopped and a few minutes later the door opened and light came into the living room, I didn't move and pretended to be asleep.
Melinda whispered my name. I didn't reply or move. I was laying on my right side facing the doorway with a blanket over me. I looked through slitted eyes and saw Melinda peek into the room at me. She whispered my name again and I stayed still. Then a completely naked Melinda walked in and began gathering up her clothes. My first and last look at Melinda in the flesh.
She was a woman, no slim tight young 20 year old with fake tits. Her hair was wrapped up in a towel, her large breasts hung nicely, swaying as she bent to pick up her clothes, her nipples large and inviting, hips were wide, full ass, close shaved bush with a landing strip just as she said. No super model and she'd not warrant a second glance if you saw her in the market. She padded around quietly and got her clothes. Her jacket was across the back of the couch I was laying on and she had to bend over me to get it. Her pussy was inches from my face and her breasts swung over me. She smelled of lotion or powder, not sure which. It was all I could to to lay still, I wanted to grab her and fuck until morning. But that would have been a mistake for us both.
Melinda, with arms full of clothes, walked to the door, turned and looked at me... then walked through the door and closed it.
The next morning I asked her if she slept well and she said with a smile that she had. She left around 8 am, I walked her to her car and gave her a goodbye kiss on the cheek. We only met once again after that. It was at a POL lunch in Newport. We never spoke of our fun together but did talk about it in the POL loft (private conversation area). We both agreed we had pushed the limit but not exceeded it. I never told her I was watching her walk around the living room naked.
I had a couple other encounters with POL honey's over a three month period. It was my wild and crazy time. Sharon, Millie, and I have shared our experiences over the years. We may share those sometime in the future. Sharon especially has a wild story and I have the three POL woman to share (so to speak).