May 20 2018
Join your old classmates for a night of fun and nostalgia.
Party starts at 5PM with cocktails in the cafeteria,
followed by a slideshow of the returning class.
We hope to see you there! Don't forget to wear your
2000's attire, this is a throwback party after-all.
She picked up the invitation one more time, debating if she really wanted to go. She hadn't been one of the preppy kids, she didn't have the big career to show off like she knew some of her old friends would, but she had a fair share of old companions that she'd like to see and, hopefully, vise versa. Of course, there were some that she was not particularly excited to see. The popular frienemies that kept her around just to have someone to poke fun at. There were some of the teachers that were cruel to her just because she was honest about the fact that she was a stoner.  I could have lied like the rest of them, she thought. But of course, the one that took up the most worry in her mind was him. She did so desperately want to know how he was doing though. Her old obsession.She'd checked in on him through Facebook and such through the years but that only tells you the glamour moments of life. How was he doing? What had he really been up to these past 10 years? And most desperately, would he even remember her or care?
As quickly as she could, perhaps fueled by curiosity at this point, she put such thoughts out of her mind and continued getting ready. Even if he wasn't there or didn't care, there were certainly others she'd enjoy letting eat their heart out at what they missed. The curiosity was too strong. She was going!
Before she could change her mind, she got dressed in her best outfit that actually still fit, did the little bit of makeup she was comfortable wearing, had her hair down and straight in true 2000's fashion, she was as ready as she could be for this. So she collected her things and went out to her husband and daughter.
"Are you sure you're good to watch her tonight? She just cleared that cold. I know she's not been easy to get to sleep." she asked while collecting her keys.
"Do you think you'll be gone until bedtime?" he asked
"It's hard to say. The prep squad always went all out back in the day but how much of a party can you make in a cafeteria? I'll try to get home in time if I can" She replied.
"Ok. I guess I just don't see why it's adults only." he stated.
"Agreed. They have to know most of the class has kids now." she said. "But hopefully I can get in and out quickly and still see everyone I want to."
She kissed her husband, kissed her daughter on the forehead and was out the door with an "I love you."
The drive there was just as she remembered, aside from a few new houses or forgotten houses. She took the same short-cuts she used to, admired the same trees and yard decor that'd always been there; not much had changed, it seemed. When she arrived at her old school, however, she did not take much comfort in how little things had changed. Some happy memories came flooding back but more than anything was the pit in her stomach that something could go wrong in coming back here, back where she herself had made so many stupid mistakes.
Walking in, she tried to shake this feeling, and for the most part was able to upon seeing the crowd. They were all actually intermingled. All the jocks were hanging with the old punks and stoners, the JROTC crowd was mixed in with everyone, even the popular prepsters were catching up with the whole crowd. It was enlightening to see those that used to give each other such grief actually getting along.
She made her way over to the drink table and picked out a nice light vodka drink and got to mingling. Coming first to her old running pacer, still as fit as ever, they exchanged pleasantries about life and fitness. Next she ran into some of the old stoner crowd and it was refreshing to see that they'd grown up a bit. For the most part, people were doing just as expected. They'd settled down, had kids, advanced their careers, some had gone into the forces, the usual stuff. Probably the most interesting was her old wrestling buddy who had a total of 6 kids and ran an in-home school on top of raising them. Just thinking about how busy that household must be was dizzying to her.
She'd made her way over to another JROTC friend when she heard it, that laugh, that sultry but poisonous voice, it was him. He had come. He wasn't even in her class, she thought. What was he doing here. Was his wife in her class? She tried to remember but couldn't place it. They didn't have any classes together if she was in the same grade. Desperately, she tried to form the connection of how and why he was actually here, but couldn't get there before they came up behind her.
"Hey shorty" he said, as if greeting an old friend.
Her heart raced, beating out of her chest. What should I even call him now, she thought? I don't know his actual rank now. That's how she saw him though, as her old Commander and the Captain of the JROTC team she was on. After what felt like an eternity but was truly just a few seconds of her staring, dazed, she said, "Hi, Paul!"
A few more seconds passed before she realized she should greet his wife as well but she couldn't remember her name, or at least how to pronounce it. She extended her hand and added, "Hi, again...."
His wife re-introduced herself after catching on that she was having trouble remembering. They exchanged other quick pleasantries before she quickly exited to get a drink, but not before giving him a glare while rushing off.
"What was that about" she thought to herself. Then she noticed her other friends had wandered off and she was alone, with him, right where they'd first met so many years ago. Images flashed in her mind and a flush began to hit her cheeks. She tried desperately to put it out of her mind but, it seemed, he had not changed much either.
He looked down at her, with the same glance he used to give when he was drawing her in, and asked, "So what have you been up to? You don't seem to have changed much. The same outfit and everything. You took the whole dress for the decade thing seriously, huh?"
He was still glancing down at her with that slight hint of suggestion like he used to. She tried to keep her composure and ignore it as she answered, "Not much. Actually settled down with a hubby and kid if you'd believe it." She waited a minute before adding, "And you don't seem to have changed much either" she glanced at his wife, who was as young and sultry as ever.
"Well, we actually are getting a divorce soon. It's all just as well though, I've had my fun with her anyway." he replied.
Geez, he really hasn't changed, she thought. She should get away from this toxic guy immediately! She rolled her eyes before responding, "well that's pretty fucking rude to your wife. She always seemed like the type to actually be able to reel you in." She turned to walk away but upon noticing that the cafeteria had mostly cleared out, she noticed too that his wife had disappeared.
"Not so fast he said" while grabbing her by the wrist firmly. "I actually wanted to talk to you about something."
"So talk" she replied, getting heated.
"Well, I had hoped we could be civil about this but.....do you remember that letter you gave me right before I left?" he prodded.
Her heart sank to the floor. She'd almost forgotten about that letter. That damning letter that a fool of a naive girl had written. Why had she written that letter? She could have just taken him to the side and said all she needed to say. WHY?
"Wha...what of it" she stammered, all the intimidation she'd once felt coming back like a tidal wave.
"Well, again, I HAD hoped you'd be cooperative but it looks like we'll have to do things the hard way" he stated before continuing "I'll put it quite plainly. I want you outside by the portables and stripped down in 10 minutes or THAT letter will be on the slideshow in 20. Your choice."
"I'm not going to just go outside, get naked, and let you have your way with me, Paul. Who do you actually think you are that you can just demand that of someone?" she stated angrily.
"I didn't demand. I said, you have a choice. I'm sure there are plenty in your class that'd love to reminisce in your old desires. Do you need to read the letter again to remember just how graphic it was?" he said as he drew the letter from his pocket.
"No!" she quickly replied, shoving his hand down to hide it. "But seriously, you can't think I still feel any of that now. This would be rape. I don't care what a 10 year old letter says!"
"Read it!" he demanded as he passed it to her.
She wanted to say no, perhaps she should have, but the anger in his eyes told her that in itself could be dangerous. He wasn't ever actually dangerous, just a complete mind-fuck. She wasn't ever actually scared of him. She'd even consoled herself many times with the fact that he wasn't even that well endowed so he wouldn't have even made much of an impact if they had ever gone so far as to have sex. She was afraid now though. She was afraid of that angry devilish look in his eye that had replaced the flirtatious devilish look that once had been there. She was afraid of all of her old peers knowing just how much of a slut she was. She was afraid of letting her husband down...
Her voice breaking, not able to even look him in the eye, she picked up the letter and began
"Dearest Paul,
Commander XXXXXXXXX XXXXX, as I'll always think of you. Consider this my letter of declaration. I want you, in every sense of the word. I want to be yours to do with as you will. I know we're both taken and in love now but I'm not talking about the romantic sweeter side of life. If you could just do me the kindness of thinking of me from time to time, please, know that ANY time you want, you and you alone can have me. I have been infatuated with you, as you well know, ever since I first saw you giving the JROTC presentation that first got me interested. I have never known an obsession like this and somehow I want more. I know we could never be anything romantic but please know that this is real. I desperately want to be your pet, to do as you say and serve you. Every time we pass in the halls, I imagine you slamming me against the lockers and forcing yourself upon me, like I know you almost did one day. Every command you give in formation, I imagine hearing in the bedroom, and simply can't maintain my focus. I die a little inside every time I see you kiss her and I can't be a part of it. And I have felt this way, ever since you said those first few words to me in the cafeteria.
The things we have done I simply can't get out of my head. The look on Callie's face when I gave you head on the bus. The feeling of having you lift me by nothing but my dripping pussy. The devilish looks you give me as we pass. I want more, I want it so bad I can't stand it. So please, if you should ever find yourself wandering through life, wishing you had someone to serve you, please, come find me and take me. Please, I am begging you to rape me. I'll declare now that we are both now of age, and this request is timeless. I mean ANY time in your life that you should find yourself single and desiring me, please, come take me. Please, Paul, Rape Me!
Forever your pet,
XXXXXXXX
She finished reading and glared up at him, embarrassed and angry. How could any grown man think such an old and telling letter would hold true now? Or perhaps he didn't, he just needed her to be afraid of the rest of the class finding out. Would they be on her side? Or would she simply get laughed out of the school? Or worse, raped by even more. Or worse still, her husband could find out what a slut she'd been and be ashamed and leave her. No, she couldn't let that letter be displayed.
He could see the wheels turning in her mind, searching for any way out of the situation, but there was none, especially after he presented his final piece of evidence.
He bent down to take the letter back and whisper in her ear, "Now, as I said, It's up to you. If I were you though I'd be making my way outside quickly. You wouldn't want me to get bored waiting and mess around with the slideshow. Sounds like it's just starting. I'm sure they'd love a few extra pictures." He stood and turned to leave.
Her stomach dropped to the floor. She'd forgotten about the pictures. How could she have been so stupid? Pictures of her in his Class A coat, rank, insignia, and all. How could she even try to deny begging for him now? She'd cemented herself to the decision. The best chance she had was to meet him outside.
She couldn't risk him thinking she was heading anywhere else. She knew he had some sway with the prep squad, they could already have a flash drive ready to go for all she knew. Straight line, she walked outside and towards the old JROTC portables.
Instinctively, she went to where they had once made-out years ago. She debated simply running but she couldn't chance him reaching out to her husband. She thought about if she might scream but she knew, thanks to her past, that nobody would hear them there. She set her things down, hoping to at least keep them nice enough to hide the mess that was about to be made. Time started to pass slowly as she waited for him until finally she heard footsteps coming up the gravel.
Swiftly, he came around the corner, that look of anger returning to his eye. "Why do you still have your clothes on? You're not being a very good pet. Do I need to punish you?"
Then it hit her. He might really think this is a game still. That she's not giving in so that he can in fact take her. "No!" She thought. But her mouth betrayed her and instead she ended up saying, "No, Sir!"
She was met with a hard slap to the face before he grabbed her by the throat, forced her to look up at him, and demanded, "Then get your fucking clothes off, Now!"
So, little by little, she kept eye contact with him while first removing her hello kitty shirt and placing it on the railing, then the little black lacy bra she'd gotten to match her old signature one, she put a finger at the top of her little black skirt and slowly worked it down her leg to reveal a matching black lacy thong. She stacked them all on the railing next to them and looked back at him as she lifted a foot to remove her shoes.
He reached around the side of her head, grabbed her by the hair, and turned her around to force her face-first into the side of the portable. He leaned down to whisper in her ear, "The boots, you can keep" as he smacked her across the right ass cheek. She screamed out, half in pain and shock that this was actually happening, half in pleasure....that this was actually happening. She had wanted this so badly once upon a time. She was enjoying this in spite of herself.
"Now" he continued, as he ran his hand down her waist and grabbed her by the hips "are you going to be a good girl or do I need to make you be good?"
"It's not like you'll make much of an impact either way. Don't forget, I know what you're like downstairs" she turned her head to look down at his pants as much as she could with him still forcing her against the wall.
She didn't mean to say that. "That'll just piss him off" she thought. "He's going to really hurt you for that one. DO NOT resort to brat mode right now! It's not worth it just to make a point." It was too late though. She'd made the offence and she could tell by his tightened grip, he was angry.
He grabbed her by the throat and turned her around to face him, lifting and barely giving her enough time to grab him by the wrists for support as her feet left the ground. "You knew what I was like. You don't know me now" he warned, as he undid his zipper with his other hand. "In fact, why don't you get down there and see for yourself."
Before she could think or respond he'd moved her by her throat, pushed his pants down, and forced her mouth around his cock. She choked and tried to gasp for air as he forced himself deeper and into her throat. His girth was actually filling her whole throat, as it never had before. He had grown. She was in trouble.
He stopped suddenly and forced her against the wall once again. "Now, I remember you once saying I could do anything I'd like to you. Is that right? Will you let me do anything I want?" he asked, but his glare told her she could only answer one way.
"Yes, Sir!" he raised his hand as she corrected herself "Yes, Commander!!" "You've gotta admit, that's a mouthful though" she added, in true brat fashion.
"Do you want me to give you another mouthful?" he threatened.
"No, Commander" she replied "Not unless you want me to...."
"That's a good girl. Now you're getting it" and he patted her on the head.
He continued, seeming to rehearse a speech, "Now, from here on out, I don't want any possibility of anyone looking in and thinking this is rape. You will do as I say, until I say to stop. You will not have a safe word. I do not care if you get hurt. But you will obey."
"Ye-yes, Commander" she stammered, getting both scared and excited.
"Now, first, I want you to look me in the eyes and touch yourself" he commanded.
She laid her shirt down on the stairs, sat down on the second step, leaned back, spread her legs, and looked him straight in the eyes. She began to trail her fingertips from her neckline down between her breasts, pausing to give attention to each one. Beginning to moan just a little, she grabbed each breast in one hand, grasping for grounding. "I should not be doing this. I should get up and run" she thought.
Looking up at him, she could tell he was enjoying this. She let her fingertips circle around her nipples before giving each a few quick squeezes with her thumb and forefinger, then continued down. Putting her left hand back so she could lean back and really give him a show, she traced her fingertips down her stomach but instead of going between her legs, she lifted her hand to grasp her inner thigh and give one last little moan before moving further inwards. Finally she reached and parted her lips to reveal how wet she'd already become. She needed no spit as lubrication but still she lifted her fingertips to her lips to taste herself for just a moment as his eyes grew wider.
Once again she parted her lips and traced upwards to find her clit fully hardened and ready for pleasure. Moaning a little more now, she began to trace her fingertip in soft circles over her clit. Her hips raised just a bit, hoping for more, as the feeling began to rise. Still looking up at him, almost as if begging for more, she reached out and grabbed his leg to pull him closer. He leaned over her, grabbed her by the hair and asked, "Oh, you want more, do you?"
"Yes, please" she cried out.
He slapped her across the face once more, before standing over her and forcing her tongue onto his left nut. She licked and caressed in circles, as best as she could, on the brink of orgasm herself. She licked her way to the other one before her back arched away. Without skipping a beat, he grabbed her around the back of the neck and shoved his cock deep into her throat. She gasped for air but did not get it before she began to drip out onto her fingers and moan against him. The waves of ecstasy hit her as she kept rubbing, finally cumming with one last wave. As her rubbing slowed though, he grabbed her wrist, forcing her to continue. He also shoved himself deeper into her throat, depriving her of even the little gasps of air she had been able to get between thrusts. Continually she came onto her fingers until she could take no more and needed air. Her moans became more desperate and her body began to shake. Finally he let up and backed off, but only for a moment.
Quickly he grabbed her up and slammed her against the wall. He looked her in the eyes, slid his hand between her legs, then thrust two fingers deep into her. Lifting her up with just his fingers he began to pulse as she let out a whimper.
"Was this not what you wanted?" he asked angrily.
Her head slammed back against the wall of the portable making a loud bang as she tried not to cum immediately at this questioning. Her hands reached for something to grasp onto, to lighten the feeling just a little, but he wouldn't let her. Still, he towered over her and his free arm was long enough to restrain both hers. Now she was simply forced closer into him, the wall pressing against her naked ass. He started pulsing harder and her moans and whimpers rang out. Her body began to convulse and instead of grasping, she finally let her body go limp and accept yet another orgasm.
Her juices freely dripping from his forearm he lifted her higher still until his mouth was at his fingers. He let his fingers out, licked her cum off of them, and set her thighs up on his shoulders. Eagerly he thrust his tongue inside her and closed his mouth around her clit. He moved his tongue out just enough to rub against her clit and she convulsed with every lick. Just as she was on the brink again, he backed off, sucked on her inner thigh for just a minute, then brought her down to whisper in her ear.
"No. This isn't near revealing enough. Can you still do those splits?" He prodded.
Still trembling she answered, "Yes. At least I think so..."
"Good. Then get up on the rails and spread them" he demanded as he lifted one of her ankles onto the railing.
She grabbed his shoulder for balance and lifted her leg. She couldn't help but smile at the fact that she could still do her signature split. Finally, some of the anger dropped from his face as he knelt to lick up her thighs as he gripped them and worked his way inwards. Once again he found himself over her clit and he began to slowly lick as he reached around and grabbed her by both ass cheeks.
Finally, the rise came again and she could feel another orgasm coming on. She gripped onto the little bit of hair he had to grasp and let out a moan. The next words that escaped her mouth surprised even her. "Please" she begged. She couldn't stop. So desperately she had wanted this and finally she was letting herself give in to the feeling. It was no longer acting so as not to piss him off. She truly wanted to cum for him. "Please, plea.....mmmhm, yes!" she cried out as she heard his mouth fill with fluid.
She looked down at him, blushing, slowly got down from the rail, turned to bend over the stairs, looked back at him and asked, "Fuck me? Commander?"
He did not answer with words but instead pushed her head down from behind, grabbed her by the hips, rubbed her ass just a bit, before smacking her across the ass with his cock and thrusting it deep into her soaked pussy. She cried out, "Oh, God, YES!"
Faster he thrust in and out, the sound of her pouring onto his cock intensified, every thrust resulted in a bang as the stairs moved and hit the metal wall, the leaves rustled beneath his feet as he inched closer to get deeper inside her. He grabbed one leg, spun her around and put it above his shoulder. Forcing his whole body weight into her, he held her one leg up and grabbed both her wrists together.
Face to face now, he stopped her crying out by forcing her to kiss him. He bit her lip hard so she bled into both their mouths. Still he didn't let up. When he finally did he only moved to her ear to whisper, "Can you take more? I need you to be a good girl and keep quiet if so."
Whimpering but curious to see how far the rabbit hole goes she answered, "Yes, commander."
"Good girl." he praised, as he pulled his cock out and spun her around to a downward dog on the stairs. Embarrassed, her cheeks began to flush again but she didn't dare to question him, especially after agreeing. Next she felt his tongue lick across her ass cheek. It was warm and smooth. He moved inwards until he was right by her drenched pussy. He licked one last lick before moving his tongue to her ass. Understanding, she lifted one hand to spread her cheeks a bit more for him. She could feel his tongue actually moving in and out of her and knew she would be ready to receive him soon.
First, she felt just a fingertip as he still happily licked. Then she heard him stand and position himself. As ready as she was, she still moved away just a bit.
"Now, I thought you were going to be a good girl. Don't make me punish you." he threatened.
"It's just, you're bigger than I remember. I'm afraid I won't be able to keep quiet." she responded.
He did not respond with words. The next thing she knew, he had picked her panties up and shoved them in her mouth. He forced her jaw closed around them and again caressed her ass with his hand. He gave a soft smack before spreading her cheeks and sliding himself in.
She whimpered out as much as she could. "This might be too much" she thought. "I should have demanded a safe word. I shouldn't have agreed to more. What am I doing? Fuck this hurts! Fuck it hurts good though..." The inner dialogue drove her insane. This felt so good, but admitting that was the most damnable thing she could imagine.
Slowly but rhythmically he forced himself into her as she moaned and salivated onto her panties. He grasped her hand that was grabbing her ass before forcing her other arm behind her back to restrain it while grabbing her around the neck.
As if reading her thoughts, he asked in a pompous tone, "What's the matter? Afraid to enjoy yourself too much?"
She couldn't even turn her head enough to roll her eyes at him, if she thought she even could muster it. The only eyes rolling were her own rolling back in ecstasy, despite herself. He was right. "How can I let myself enjoy this? I've only enjoyed this with one other man. No, no, no. This is not ok" she thought.
He felt her pull away just a bit, presumably denying herself pleasure, and so he bit into her neck just to remind her that he had not yet left any lasting marks. She let out a defeated moan as he released his teeth from her neck. He used her own hand to give her a little love tap as he began pulsing faster into her.
"No, no no" she thought, trying not to move. "Just let him finish. You don't have to enjoy this" she begged with herself.
"But you will enjoy it" he answered.
Her eyes grew wide. She'd forgotten how well he could read her, even with her face forced the other way.
"No, no, no" she pleaded with herself but it was as if he could hear her and thrust deeper with every "no" that she silently uttered. "No, no, no" the intensity grew. "No, no,.......yes, oooh, yes" she spit out her panties and moaned aloud as she felt a twitch inside her and a hot liquid fill her.
He pulled himself out, picked up her shirt and wiped himself off. Offended, and possibly shirtless, she let out a shocked, "Ah!" but he simply grinned down at her and said, "Smile, you're on candid camera!"
Her jaw dropped to the floor. She was left there naked, her shirt soaked with cum, a fresh but light bite-mark across her neck, her panties soaked with spit, and all of it taped. "How could I be so stupid?" she thought to herself but she still couldn't fight the smile from her face.
He turned to walk away and leave but not before grinning back at her and saying, "You're welcome" and winking.