This is a 6-part story that provides plenty of fun. The story builds as the main character grows as a person. Initially, the main character is hard to like, but he grows on you, have faith. This chapter is light on sex, but it gets better over the story.
Everyone having sex is at least 18. This story is a work of fiction. I made it all up. Check reality at the door and enjoy it for what it is, a fun story. Special thanks to rancher46 and RF-Fast for editing my story.
*****
Chapter 6 -- More Training
Once we get home, it's past midnight. We're all tired. I stop in the kitchen to get a glass of water. Waiting at the base of the stairs is Andrea. She's smiling at me yet looks tired. She gently takes my hand, and we walk upstairs. I store my new guitar, then she guides me to her room. No words are spoken, but I see a new gleam in her eye. What's that?
She stands in front of me and unbuttons my dress shirt. She uses both hands to push the shirt off my shoulders and onto the floor. She squats and unbuckles my belt. That gets pulled out in one large pull. The button slows her down, but she is victorious. The zipper is a breeze, and then the pants are tugged down.
My underwear has a prominent bulge. She uses her hand to caress it through the material. Energy surges through my body. That feels awesome; I like that a lot. More, more.
While stroking me through the white cotton briefs, she says in a low, slow, and sexy voice, "You looked so awesome up on the stage. That man with the spectacular blue eyes was cute as well. Oh, what an ass he had. But you were classy, refined, you were a stud. That Lauren knows her style and what looks good on a man. You almost looked like a magazine model on stage."
I looked at her like she was crazy.
She laughs at me, "There was no way you weren't getting laid tonight. Those retired porn stars, your teachers, Lauren, and all those girls from school. Any of them would have volunteered had you asked. I had to take you tonight." Whoosh off goes my underwear as she stands up.
I step out of my pants and underwear and move to the bed.
Andrea has my complete attention as she slowly unbuttons her shirt and allows it to fall. She unzips her skirt and allows it to fall. She reaches behind and undoes the clasp to her bra. It's still held in place. Her right hand pushes the left strap off her shoulder. Her left hand pushes the right strap off her shoulder as her free hand holds the bra in place.
Andrea looks at me, making sure my eyes are on her. My eyes are on her, and they're drilling a hole through that bra. Slowly, her hands come forward. These are natural breasts; they sag some now that there's no support. Her breasts are still young, holding a round shape rather than flattening out. They're incredible.
While I'm still staring at her amazing breasts, down go the panties. Quickly, she is at my side.
Andrea looks shy, "You have school tomorrow; we can't stay up too late. Every woman wanted you tonight. You get one thing. We can kiss, you can play with my nipples, you can finger... oh no, I have a better idea. Lay down on your back."
I lay back; what's up with her?
Andrea hops up on the bed straddles my face. She's facing the wrong way! She widens her knees, bringing her pussy closer to my face. She's too far above my head. Has she ever done this before? I got nothing to work with. It's a nice view, but I am horny and want to play.
Andrea falls forward and then adjusts her body to suck my cock. Hot damn, that's good. Andrea is marvelous at sucking cock. She does a lot of what I do to a pussy. She varies the pressure, positioning, hands, tongue; it all changes rapidly.
I don't want to be a one-way lover. I try to forget an expert is sucking my cock and instead focus on trying to please her leaking pussy. It's weird because my orientation is upside down. I've never worked a pussy this way. I can barely reach her clit, while her asshole and taint are an easy reach. I like to work the mons, but that is out of the question; I can't reach that far. I work with what I have. She seems horny and motivated. She's going to town on me.
There is no way she orgasms before I do. I'm sad that I can't get her off before I do. I'm just too horny. I want to fuck. It took me just a short while to realize that I could easily use my hands and my tongue with this angle. As soon as I do, Andrea stops blowing me. I laugh as she swears at me. She redoubles her effort. My hand is lightly rubbing the length of her clit while I have my tongue doing tricks on her labia.
Andrea shouts, "CUM FOR ME!"
Like that will work. She squeezes my cock and then applies an enormous amount of suction. Zero warning and I'm shooting burst after burst of cum into her mouth. I stop eating my sister. Talk about a bipolar moment. I just had a fantastic blowjob that drained my cock of a bucket of cum. My body is still tingling from the sensation.
On the other hand, I didn't give my sister any warning. That's about the crappiest thing a guy can do. She went all out of me, and I couldn't even give her a few moments' warning. Not even a flinch.
Andrea has a huge smile on her face; she won. She got me off before I got her off.
Andrea surprises me, "It's OK, Hal. When I start my super-suction, there is no defense or advanced warning. I knew you would shoot, so don't feel bad for me. You were awesome considering what I was doing to you."
The sweet moment is broken by the door opening to the bedroom.
What the hell are they doing? Each of them is naked! I don't understand. Silently, they all pair up. One kisses the other. They're all kissing. I've been set up. Now a hand comes up to touch the opposite breast. All eyes are at least partially on me. They're all laughing or giggling as my mouth hangs open. A minute later, I SEE tongues working each other, and then I hear fingers squishing in pussies. I'm hard as a diamond.
My head snaps to Andrea. She lays back on the bed, bends her knees, widens her knees, and then uses the "come here boy" finger motion. Like a man under a spell, I do exactly as she requested. I walk on my knees and move to her pelvis. My other sisters are now at my side. They lay hands on me, and two are guiding my cock to Andrea's pussy. It's pink, moist, and awaiting me.
All of us have a tear in our eyes. We know this is a monumental moment as I lean forward slowly and push my thick cock into my gorgeous sister. No words adequately describe the feeling of your cock slipping into a vagina for the first time. I'm struck at how warm she is. Her body welcomes the intruder in with no fight. The walls are like velvet. I now understand the awkward initial coupling; she wanted to drain me, knowing my first shot would be too quick for her.
She knows me all too well. I am most of the way in when I am stopped. It wasn't like I slipped in easily. I had to go slow and work my snake into her pleasure palace. This is new. Adding more pressure slowly opens the passage. Oh my, this is incredible. For her part, Andrea is screaming in pleasure. There are no words, just sounds of joy with an occasional "YES" thrown in.
Four sisters have their hands on Andrea, lightly touching her. They run a single finger across her nipples, the breasts, her lips, her clit, anywhere they can, to arouse her. She doesn't need any help! Emma and Faith have their hands on my shoulders. They gently push back on my shoulders and then push forward using their hands.
No muscles are being used; they're... guiding me! How cool. OK, I pull my body out and then push in. They both giggle. What? This is wonderful; I want a whole lot more of this. It's a good workout. Too much of this, and I would get a headache. My sisters each use a hand to hold my shoulders still. I can't fuck now. How is this better?
They use their other hand to push my ass forward. I push in using just my lower body. Now they swap hands on the shoulder and push my pelvis back. Oh my, oh my, that's good. This is what they mean by rolling my hips. Doh! I can't believe they had to show me how to fuck. I feel stupid. Usually, I would stop what I was doing and hide in my room.
This feels too good. I can't stop. I can't run away. I force my sisters to put up with me. Andrea screams and bucks her hips, where I feel fantastic, but nothing is imminent for me.
Andrea shouts, "Sp.... Up!"
I have no clue what that was.
Casey turns to me, "Speed up! Faster!"
I have no problems going faster. I am on fire with energy and my cock being zapped with the electricity that's sparking between my sister and me. I speed up, and I have no limit on how fast I can go. Just as soon as I think I am my fastest, I find another gear.
Where Andrea was scream, scream, scream, she is now one long, drawn-out scream that's rising in pitch and volume. My sisters go hands up as Andrea spikes her scream and then goes limp and falls back on the bed. What the hell! Did I kill Andrea? No. My sisters aren't freaking out; they're kissing her, one by one, as her eyes open with an adorably innocent and bashful look on her face.
That did it for me, I used all my strength to throw my cock into Andrea, and at the pinnacle of my thrust, I blast a wad of cum into my sister's pussy. I pull out, thrust, and blast four more times before falling to the side, totally spent. All that great energy that I had, now it vanished. She sucked the life out of me. Do I care? Not in the slightest.
I am a man now. No longer a virgin, and I lasted longer than a few seconds. Damn, that was intense. I never expected it to be so wonderful. Within a split second of rolling to my side, Gail launched her body over me and planted her mouth on my gooey cock. Does she know that's half cum and half my sister's cum and pussy juice?
Andrea widens her legs and allows all but Gail to sample the liquids she expels from her pussy for them. Damn, Gail is eagerly slurping my cock, and the others are pissed that they didn't get a lick. Every single one is in tears because Andrea shared HER creampie to them.
Donna lays down on the bed, in fucking position, next to Andrea. Why? She stares at my cock. I look down, and he's already fully hard. No kidding? I get on my hands and knees to crawl up the bed. Donna puts her hands out to my shoulders, stopping me.
Donna has an amused look on her face as she says, "Oh Hal, my sweet, sweet Hal. After two days of concerts, watching you FINALLY fuck Andrea, I am horny beyond belief. There is no need to warm up this old woman. You are tired, it's late, and you have school tomorrow. You did an awesome job of fucking Andrea and not going too fast. This time, I want as quick as you got. We aren't going to last long. Well, I'm not. So, get between my legs and fuck the hell out of me!"
In my mind, I start asking fifty questions to piss her off. In reality, I lean forward and press my beefy cock into my sister. Donna is overshadowed a lot by my three older sisters. I figured they would be the first three. I'm proud of her for doing what she wants. If she wants quick, you bet my ass I will go as fast as possible. I need a few strokes to break her open. OK, it took a bunch of strokes to get all in, but who's counting? I then go as fast as I can. I can feel the effects catching up to me. I can't go quite as fast. Donna could care less. She is a moaning machine.
Donna moans a deep noise with each thrust of my cock. With as fast as I'm going, I get two strokes for each moan. I see her turning pink quickly.
I scold my sister, "DONNA! Breathe! You need air, babe, or I WILL stop."
She does much better breathing as she takes a deep breath for two strokes and then moans for two strokes. Everyone is happy. I sense a problem, though. I have orgasmed twice already tonight. I'm no expert on sex, but it's obvious she is a lot closer than I am. I start to slow down, so she can catch up.
Casey screams at me, "NO! SPEED UP!"
I look at her with worry on my face.
Casey explains, "You fuck her. She orgasms. I push her aside. You fuck me."
What the hell. Did they plan out the entire night? How do they know how often I can orgasm? I have no clue. It doesn't matter. They know better than I do. Besides, I am as high as a kite because I'm fucking a woman and nothing on earth is better than that. I love nailing a good solo, but cumming in a woman's pussy is my new number one feeling.
My hands are on her hips, holding her in place as she orgasms hard. I'm bewildered at the whole experience. Her pussy clamps down hard on my cock. Did Andrea do that? I was so distracted from fucking I missed that.
Donna has a short scream followed by relaxing. Eyes open and staring at me dreamily as my hips slow my fucking to a crawl. My God, she is beautiful sitting there with that look of complete contentment.
Gail pushes me to get my attention; I was in a daze. She points to Casey behind me. I have seen enough porn to know this is doggie position. I find it easier to get off the bed and then get back on at the foot of the bed. It takes some maneuvering to get the right height directly behind her. Once I do, I nearly blow my load as I watch my long thick cock slowly push straight forward into my sister's body. She is tight but fits me well. She's seen some decent-sized guys in the past, I guess.
I love this position already as I slide in and out of her slippery pussy. She is flooded with juices, so it takes little effort to saw in and out. I love seeing my cock slide straight into her body. The feeling is marvelous. She's not as tight, but the slippery juices make it special.
Casey is a grunter. As we continue, she's grunting with each thrust, and I can feel my last orgasm of the night wanting to step forward and claim its prize. The problem is I'm not ready to orgasm yet. This is incredible, sliding in and out of my amazing sister. She runs hotter than the others but is breathing the best so far.
All at once, the hands are back. A hand is on my nuts this time, and another sister gently nibbles on my earlobe. Casey has her breasts, clit, and ears being fondled. All sisters start breathing hard. I know they're doing it, but the power of suggestion makes me breathe hard, and soon I'm struggling to hold back my orgasm.
Emma whispers in my ear, "Cum for me. Give your sister her reward."
Becky is whispering something to Donna that forces her to orgasm hard. The moment her pussy clamps down, I start to fire the first of four large wags of cum into my sister's pussy. As I slide out, she rolls over, and I see cum covering her thin tuft of hair on her mons. Gail is quick to attack her while Faith is on me, slurping lewdly on my cock.
I'm delirious from the last hour of almost straight sex. Emma and Becky help me to my feet. I'm lightheaded and can't quite get my feet under me. I must look drunk. In a way, I am. I'm drunk on awesome sex.
They drag me into the shower. Quickly it's almost scalding, then it's freezing, before ending on warm. The two of them dry me off, drag me to bed, dry themselves off, then get in behind me. WOW! What a night. Easily the best of my life. All too soon, I'm asleep between my two gorgeous sisters. No touchy-feely, just holding me was perfect.
Chapter 7 -- School
Becky takes me for a naked shower when we wake up. I have no idea what time it is, but I'm tired. At seeing my lethargic mood, all I get is a shower. Emma dries and dresses me. Becky guides me down to breakfast. Andrea is the only one there. I could have used a nail gun on her, and she would have laughed at me.
I must admit, I felt so good seeing her smile like that. I know my sisters helped, but I was the main factor for her joy. She is absolutely radiant. She is light on her feet as she dances in the kitchen, making breakfast. Becky wants to say something, but I use a look to say no. Let her enjoy herself. She works so hard at school and takes care of us, she deserves this, and it validates the thought that I was right to make her my first.
Because we're a bit late, Becky drives me to school. It appears to be just any other day. Girls come to me, others are near us, students are walking into the school. I can feel that I'm being guided somewhere. I trust them; these women have been extraordinary to me recently. They're borderline obsessive.
I didn't see the setup coming. We're walking down a hallway full of students. The door to my right opens in. No big deal, it's the woman's washroom. At least six of my friends push me into the restroom. I'm freaking out. I'm not supposed to be here. Women are working on their makeup, straightening their bras, washing hands, and playing with themselves in the stalls! We can hear you!
I try to object, but they don't care. There are a few shrieks from the startled women to see a man in their private palace. Yet, they all calm down and look like predators at seeing me. Patty, my biggest fan and one of the prettier girls at school, is already on the floor and has my pants and underwear pulled down far enough for my cock to stick out.
They all say something positive as Patty starts blowing me. She's pretty good but too basic.
I look at Patty sternly, "My girlfriend is far better than that. Try more variety. Suction, stroking, gums, tongue under the helmet. Change them up, like in music, string them together."
She looks at me with wonder, then proceeds to follow my directions. Damn, she is good.
I warn her, "Um. Patty. Soon. Better stop."
She replies by wrapping her arms around my legs, so I can't run away. In no time, I shoot four large ropes of cum into this very eager and very talented cock sucker. I stand shaking and stunned.
She rockets to her feet and then amazes me with her brilliance and kinkiness. She proceeds to kiss many of the girls around her with my cum still in her mouth. There are easily a dozen women that received the kiss. Lisa zooms to the floor as Patty comes up so that she can clean my cock. She is amazingly soft and gentle. She gets a hug and a thank you for being so gentle.
I am then taken to my first class. Kate is excited to see me from the end of the long hallway. I get a huge hug from her. It's almost inappropriate. Everyone loves her; I don't expect a problem. As usual, it turns out I was wrong about that.
Every day there are school announcements. Today, they mentioned my win this yesterday. I was amazed when guys and girls shouted congratulations to me. Even the jocks thought it was cool. It didn't take long for my dueling guitar solo to circulate around the school. All-day long, I heard that song over and over and over. By lunchtime, they've worn me down. My smile is gone, and I feel like I went seven rounds with the jocks.
A crowd of girls is guiding me to lunch today. I am again pulled into a girl's washroom right before the cafeteria. This time, a naked Lisa is in a stall standing up. Lisa is a sweet small thing with raven black hair. Her chest is just tiny pebbles. Her personality is awesome. This woman has been friendly for a long time.
Lisa looks nervous and on the verge of tears, "I've had a bad day. I don't want to be fucked, but is there something you can do to get me off. Please."
There is a towel on the floor in front of her. I kneel, look up, and smile at her. Her eyes look so sad that I melt on the spot.
I say to the group, "She needs two people to hold her up."
One of the two girls looks at me skeptically, "Yeah, like you're all that. You think your special or something?"
I love a challenge. I start with a few lazy licks of her mons to warm her up. Then I go back to what works for my sisters. I have a set of "songs" where I "play" a set of techniques in a repeating pattern. This one is a big quick "O," followed by a hard sucking of the right lips, tap the clit softly, sucking lightly on the right lips, do a V in the hole, quickly flutter the tip of my tongue on her mons, do a cross inside her pussy, run lightly on the right inner side, then suck on the left side. Repeat over and over until orgasm. Just after the "O" on the second run, she screams out her orgasm into a towel as her body goes limp.
When she recovers, I move to a squat position and attack her nipples with three intense sucking of the right nipple and a lick of the left breast. Two pushes of the tongue on the right nipple, followed by a licking above the nipple on the left. I lick a circle around the right areola and then suck hard on the left nipple until she orgasmed again into a towel.
Her two friends stand amazed at what I did to her. I turn around, and Patty has pulled down my pants and underwear far enough to suck on my cock again.
One girl says with an annoyed voice, "Not here."
She was thrown out of the washroom. There is a crowd around me now, watching Patty suck my cock like an expert. She learned from this morning. Someone gave her pointers as she's improved a lot. Some of the girls give her more suggestions. She eagerly sucks my cock as I am freaking out big time. I don't want to be exposing my cock to all these women. Most of them, I don't know. Some I do know from them being mean to me. Right now, they're all in lust.
As soon as I blow my load, a second girl I don't know cleans me up and pulls up my pants. Patty has my hand and is guiding me out of the washroom. We don't stand in line. I'm hungry. I want to eat.
She takes me to a table full of girls, and lunch is already waiting for me. I thank them all for lunch and then answer questions about everything but my girlfriend. No way I discuss my sisters. It was lovely sitting with these ladies. They were friendly, interested in me, yet willing to discuss their lives and interests. I know two from the band, and several are in the choir. Several are into sports which is where we end with the bell ending lunch.
An ever-changing group escorts me to my locker and then to my next class. A note shows up from Mitch, excusing me from P.E. to meet with him. I never showed anyone the note, yet I was guided to the music room. Michelle is there. That's interesting and explains how the girls knew I would be coming here. How extensive is their network? Why even bother with me? This will all be over in a week, and they will have forgotten me for the next popular guy. I have seen this over and over.
Mitch has a warm smile on his face, whereas Michelle is neutral. I am asked to sit down.
Mitch says, "I'm happy for your success; you did an amazing job. Now is the perfect time to strike while you are hot and a new commodity. Commonly, people with your talent write songs for others, perform in a band, or do studio work."
For twenty minutes, he discussed the pros and cons of each. Michelle sat unmoving and never spoke.
We're running out of time; Mitch asks, "You were given a card, yes?"
I answer yes.
Mitch says, "He's a big deal in the studio side of things. I'd like to meet Lauren sometime. Do you have her card?"
I hand him one of her cards; I have a stack in my wallet and home.
I suggest, "She has a great eye for fashion. She can help you."
Mitch asks, "Hey now, what's wrong with how I dress?"
I smile at him, "Go see Lauren; she will explain everything. Trust me. She even made me look good."
Michelle spoke for the first time, "You were always good-looking. You had zero confidence and were hated by the jocks. It was easier to ignore you."
I sigh, "Yeah, well, many people did that very well. My life was very lonely for a long time. Very few people stood up for me. Right now, they just want to be in my five-minute spotlight. This won't last."
Mitch suggests, "It might. You're popular now, and the old principal is gone. You'll see, several students have been expelled because of you and others."
That made me angry, "NO! Not MY fault. It was THEIR fault. I didn't want that. NEVER!"
I storm out, leaving both staring at each other. I'm in the hallway early with no packs of students following me. It's nice; I like this. I stroll casually to my last class. I laugh at myself as I pass a woman's washroom and get nervous. Life isn't so bad. I got blown twice today, played with tiny breasts, and ate a woman before lunch.
On the other side, I heard my solo like 1000 times today, and I swear I heard a few people playing a video of Patty having her orgasm. That was never close enough for me to know if it was her or someone else. I don't know much about Patty other than being friends with Michelle. I have no idea what Michelle's up to. She didn't need to be there with her dad.
The bell rings. Swell. I slip in before anyone leaves, and they gang up on me. Right now, I'm kind of moody at being used. The sex isn't bad. Lisa had an angelic look to her after that second orgasm. That was fun.
I sit in the middle of the room to keep as many happy as possible. I sit down as I hear, "He's in here!" Instant filling of chairs. They get to be near me.
Mrs. Blackthorn speaks to me as if nobody else is around, "I loved the performance last night. I'm not a huge fan of that hard music, but I think everyone can appreciate the skill you displayed. I especially liked your humility when you thanked everyone for showing up. That was nice. Someday I would like to hear the story of how you got to know all those retired porn stars."
I blush a deep crimson as all eyes are on me. The bell rings to begin class. Right after class, I rush for the doors to get outside. Once outside, I am free. Several arms grab me. Not so free. A large crowd gathers around me. Nobody is holding me, but there isn't an escape path either. Several teachers come by to make sure I'm not being bullied again. The group is borderline bullying me.
Patty is near tears as she asks, "How do you know porn stars?"
Everyone wants to know. The teachers are looking at me the hardest. Kate, I swear, has a tear in her eye.
I relented with a defeated look.
I start my explanation, "I was out shopping with my sister Gail. I ran into Lauren."
Lisa asked, "I've heard that name a few times now. Was that the older good-looking babe with her father? Is she your girlfriend?"
I'm frustrated, "Wait! She's not my girlfriend. She introduced me to the porn stars."
Michelle asks, "A girl that likes you introduces you to the porn stars?"
That isn't helping.
I shout, "STOP!"
I try again, "Let me tell the story, then I will answer these absurd questions. Since my parents died." Someone was going to talk, and she got the death stare. "My family has been on a tight budget. Michelle's father told me about the music festival. My sister Gail decided that I needed a decent-looking outfit. Most of my clothes are hand-me-downs or Goodwill. We go out to a few places and end up at Emerson and Son.
"Lauren helps us. I want an outfit for the festival. She looks at me with doubt. My sister played my solo from the school prep rally. Lauren takes me upstairs to a beauty salon called Charlie's. My music is transferred to an iPod and played overhead. It's hilarious watching a dozen retired porn stars in one place, dancing to my music while clipping hair. That's where I got the new haircut. One got to try out my breast talents. I got her off four times.
A girl behind me says, "Oh yes. It's amazing what he does."
That did not help my cause.
I continue, "I get my hair cut, then Lauren helps me try on a few outfits before picking the two you saw. She gave me everything for free, providing I pass out cards to those that ask."
I stopped to wipe my eyes from thinking how wonderful she was to me.
I continued, "Yes, Lauren was at the festival with her father. The man who played on stage with the other guitar is her cousin. My sisters were most impressed with him. Gail talked to him, and I'm pretty sure she's still in love. He's married and has a kid, if you're looking for a step up. He was nice to me, gave me a concert guitar from a famous musician. It's a big difference.
"Lauren has been wonderful to me. The porn stars have been incredible. Lately, all of you have been wonderful. Even my sisters don't hate me anymore. Being the youngest and only boy, they didn't have much use for me.
"As you can see, my life has sucked. In a few weeks, it will suck again. The difference is that I'm eighteen now. I can run away from it all. I have options right now and can drop out of school if I want to. Right now, you're all being a bit pushy and protective. I'm enjoying my five minutes of fame, but I know it won't last. You will all have a boyfriend a month from now, and I will be a forgotten memory. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going home to work on my homework."
A path spread open for me, and I left the group behind. OK, most of the group is behind me. Michelle and Patty walk me home.
Today, Michelle is the attack dog, "How did you get so good at math so quickly? Are you fucking the teachers?"
Damn, hostile, yet I chuckle as I answer, "No, actually, it was Casey. She's studying to be an electrical engineer. She knows everything about math. She's also very good at explaining math. She explained a lot of the things I was hung up on, and then because I'm caught up, it's much easier now. She tests me harder than the tests at school. I have six classes and P.E. I have seven sisters. Andrea likes English, Faith history, and the others verify I do my homework and know my shit. Dinner can be more like a test somedays, as they ask questions from worksheets. It's been very effective."
Patty questions me, "I thought you said they hated you."
I chuckle, "Oh, they did. They made my life a living nightmare. That blackeye I got made them realize what my life was like. As much as they tore the school to shreds, they were as hard if not harder on themselves. It's still hard for me. I love my sisters, but not that long ago, I hated them.
"It's like you two. Neither of you hit or tripped me. Yet neither of you stopped others either. Michelle drops a boyfriend in front of me, looks at me, then chooses another jock. Now both of you are here acting like you're my friend. I don't know how to handle this. Part of me still thinks I'm not worth this much attention. I still see myself lying on the floor from being tripped by one of the jocks. Many days I had nothing to eat because my money was stolen.
"Where were you two then? Where were my sisters when I needed protection for the last six years? I think I'm a decent person and should forgive others. That's a hard thing to do when you're only filled with sadness. Everyone says it's better, don't worry. I can't stop looking over my shoulder for the next guy to hit or trip me. I don't want the next girl to look me in the eye and say I'm not good enough for her.
"Some days I sit up in bed late at night, or wake up early in the morning, and wonder why I bother? I think maybe things will change. They did. It just has gone from one extreme to the other. I know I'm rambling. I'm sorry. You two don't deserve this; the school does. Wait a minute, Michelle, you don't live this way."
She bats her eyes at me, "My dad is meeting us at your house. He wants to see your guitar. He's a big fan of Chappedman."
I giggle, "Clapton. He was famous as far back as the '60s and is still playing today. I understand your dad; he grew up listening to him on the radio."
Sure enough, he's in my driveway waiting for us. Patty walks home, and I invite Michelle and Mitch inside.
I offer, "Let me go upstairs. My room is an old closet, and It's too small for three people. I'll bring it down."
Michelle follows me upstairs. I'm embarrassed for her to see that I only have a bed, dresser, a light, and clock radio in my room. My guitars are in my tiny closet.
She sticks her nose in my room, "No window. No bookcase, computer, or desk? Not nearly enough closet space."
I add, "Not much left for the last child."
We go downstairs, and he's surprised to see my acoustic guitar.
This is my baby, "Three dollars, and I can play anything on it."
I place the thin rectangular case on the table. I unlock it and step back. It's as if it's silently calling to him. Mitch takes a step forward and slowly lifts the case open. It's Christmas Day, and he's opening his favorite present. Inside is a Graffiti Stratocaster. He looks at me as if it's ok to pick it up. I nod my head yes.
It's weird to see a grown man cry. He held it in front of him and then looked at every inch of the guitar.
He says to me, "This guitar has been well maintained. It will last forever if you keep it stored well."
I chuckle, "It's so good; I have yet to play it. I hate to because I know it's so special. Yet, it was given to me to play, so I've wanted to play it and keep my word."
He places it back in the case, "Thank you. You have no idea how much this means to me. I've always wanted a guitar from a famous musician. They're so damn expensive, and I don't have your talent. Hell, nobody does. Ok, we'll leave you alone. Thank you, Hal. Thank you."
I open the door, and he happily walks through the door.
Michelle yells at him, "I'll be right there, dad."
She partially closes the door and is full of tears, "Dad has cancer. There is nothing they can do. They say three months to a year. DON'T SAY A WORD. That made him so happy. Thank you very much."
She then crushes me in a hug that nearly broke my ribs before releasing me, rubbing her eyes, and running to their car. I can still see Mitch smiling as his daughter runs to his car. Well fuck.
*****
At dinner, I recount my day. My sisters are not happy at all. I won't fuck the girls at school; fucking's reserved for my sisters. That saved the day.
I then announce, "The embargo against Michelle stops immediately."
Gail says, "Oooooooooo. Someone has your eye?"
I don't like Gail's attitude, which surprises them, "It's not like that. I still have issues with her. I suspect she needs a friend, and I can't do that right now, if ever. However, just because I do doesn't mean it needs to affect everyone else."
Emma asks, "Do you know something we don't?"
Damn, they are smart, "I don't want to talk about it. I made a promise. I'm not saying you need to talk to her; I just don't want to interfere with her life. I have a lot of homework to do. I was quite distracted today. Oh crap, I forgot to tell you about my talk with Mitch."
Twenty minutes of talking with Mitch turns into two hours at the dinner table discussing the possibilities. They agree that I need to call the cousin back. It's late; I will call him tomorrow. Time for homework. Emma and Faith tag team help me. Between their help tonight and the past, I get everything done in just a few hours. I have even worked on papers that aren't due for a few days yet.
When we finish, both sisters get up to leave. Or so I thought. They close my door. Ohhhhh?
Both sisters are wearing dresses. I didn't realize neither was wearing a bra with two buttons unbuttoned. Both chests move more than typical. They each unbutton a few more buttons and stop. No. No. Keep going! I see where this is going. I am hard as a rock and breathing hard.
They surprise me by reaching into their dresses and pulling out their breasts! Damn, that is a sight to behold. Their dark dresses are still on their shoulders and run down their sides. However, most of the dress is behind the breasts that spilled out like searchlights for my eyes. I feast on them with anticipation.
Faith says to me in her sexy voice, "You treat those cheap harlots at school to your breast examinations and leave ours untouched. We expect a proper examination."
Emma adds quickly, "And orgasms."
Faith giggles, "Yes, we want orgasms as well."
I know from earlier today my "nipple song" works well on all women. I step up to Faith, and I go through a set of combinations that blows her socks off. Lick, lick, lick, the right nipple, while light squeeze, squeeze, squeeze the left nipple. I suck hard twice on the left and then pinch the right hard once. I repeat twice before she orgasms.
Emma is shaking her head, "Look at you. Nobody is that good. Stand up, you whore."
I know she is teasing Faith; it's kind of funny.
I move to Emma and repeat my "song." She lasts four rounds before orgasming.
I lay Emma out on my bed. She looks at me with wonder. I start the exact same "song." For two rounds, it's good but not nearly as effective. I expected this, and I would typically switch to a different "song," something with a different rhythm and skills. I'm still learning and experimenting, though. I am using my tongue and a hand. That means I have a hand doing nothing.
With Faith on the bed, I use my free hand to start freestyling two fingers in her pussy. Immediately, she orgasms and turns pink as I don't stop. She orgasms again and is nearing red when I stop. Her breathing is racing. I can see her chest taking quick, short breaths. She can't talk and me lifting her arm has no resistance. Her head lops over. I leave her be. I'm panicking and ready to run for Andrea.
Andrea barks out orders from the now open doorway, "Hal. Leave her be. She's fine. Actually, better than fine. Emma. On the bed. I want to see what he did to Faith."
Emma doesn't need to be asked twice. She is on the bed in record time. I do precisely the same thing. I did two rounds with slightly more success as she moaned louder. Then I added the second hand, and like Faith, she goes ballistic with orgasms."
After the quick third orgasm, I stop.
Andrea kneels on the floor as she looks at me, "Each breast has a lot of pleasure receptors that feed the brain joy. You were sending twice the signals to her brain by engaging both breasts. You add two fingers, which hits a lot of areas inside her vagina where there are far more pleasure receptors. That's like doubling the breasts. Unknowingly, you stroked her clit. That's the most densely populated part of a woman's body for holding pleasure receptors.
"You overloaded her brain. That's a powerful technique. Even without the clit, it must have been amazing. However, know what you're doing to them. You did well this time. You saw their condition, and stopped."
She sits on the edge of my bed, using it as a chair. She whips off her robe and is naked.
Andrea asks, "Can you show that to me? That looked like fun."
Faith and Emma aren't happy, but they move back as more sisters come into my room and strip. I repeated my process with Andrea. As I got more confidence, I added not just a stroke against the clit, but a partial draw of the finger, do a circle, and then finish it up. That made the orgasms more explosive. I do the same with my tongue. Instead of straight lines, I do a partial line, a circle, and then continue the line. It makes everything better.
You can't believe what this does for my ego and confidence. I stand in disbelief at what I have just done to my sisters. Every one of them came unglued. One by one, they get their act together and leave the room. Faith and Emma look thrilled. Each of their breasts are still exposed. They drop the straps to their dresses so that the dress is hanging on their hips. They all have an hourglass shape, making their dresses stop at their waist until more effort is used.
They shimmy the dress down in both cases until it falls to the floor.
Emma is undecisive, "I really want to go first, yet it seems Hal's still learning, and the second person always gets it just a bit better. Ooooooo. ME FIRST! I need it bad, and I can't wait!"
Faith chuckles as she doesn't care either way. Emma jumps on the bed in doggie position. I can work with this. I just had two fingers in her hole a while ago, I checked again to verify, and sure enough, my fingers slosh in the copious liquids. I smile at my horny sister and give her what she wants. I use a medium speed.
Faith asks me, "Are you using protection with the girls at school? Are we at risk of anything?"
While happily slamming away, I answer, "I haven't fucked any of them... yet. I have been extremely upfront with all of you because you have guided me well. You all look better than any girl at school. You are my first priority. None of them gets anything until all of you have had me at least once. I don't own any condoms, so no sex for me outside of family even if I wanted to."
Faith has a sexy smile on her face, "I appreciate you looking out for yourself and us. The last thing all of us want is spreading something with the whole family."
I focus on Emma now. What a woman she is. So young, yet full of life and a beautiful woman on the outside. I love how tight she is. She surprises me the most. She has had several boyfriends. Either they had nothing, or she didn't share very often. She's no virgin, yet it pleases me to know she's not a slut. She had a petite orgasm almost immediately while Faith was talking.
I plowed right through her orgasm, and she loved that. She's more vocal now with grunting and moaning. My need is rapidly approaching. Typically, they drain my first load before sex, so I don't shoot immediately. They didn't do that this time. Have I graduated to where it's unnecessary, or isn't it essential because I was drained at school?
Either way, time to speed up. Why? I have no idea. I just know that this is what they want at the end. If it keeps them happy, I will continue playing their games. I don't have the group's energy to spur me on without others here. I can't go as fast as I have, but I can still give her a hell of a ride. I move as fast as I can go. I spank her ass hard which earns me a growl. That makes me laugh.
My hands hold her perfectly shaped ass. I need to use my hands to keep myself in place. My breathing is much harder as I stress my body to go faster. My skin feels like it's on fire. My cock is going out of its mind. The pleasure I'm receiving is unimaginable. I want this feeling to last forever. It never does.
My body is having so much fun I forget to hold off my orgasm. I am mad that I did this. I mean furious. So furious that I fuck up my fucking. Everyone in the world, every professional porn, amateur porn, and virgin; everyone, thrusts in and hold for the ejaculate to release. I fucked up. I am so out of sorts that I am spurting as I pull out!
I lost out on all the pleasure of pushing in hard. What the hell is the matter with me? Even I know that's fucked up. Emma doesn't seem to care. She's going wild from my cock fucking her. It's weird, feeling a cum filled vagina as I push back in. In fact, it's like I'm plowing snow and all the cum is in front of my cock shovel. I force the whole load in one shot into her pussy.
Emma is screaming, "HOLLY FUCK! WHAT DID YOU DO! OH MY GOD! Weeeeeeeeeee! FUCK YEAH!"
Faith is looking at me, and I can see her thinking, "What the fuck did you do?"
I'm not telling her how bad I screwed up. Who admits they messed up having sex? Nobody. Yet, I just did. What kind of a moron am I? Now it really hits me what I just did. Five times I unfucked my sister. What else would you call it? I fall back and end up falling to the floor. I shoot back, and I am against the door. I am on my ass, knees bent in front of me, hiding my face.
I am seriously conflicted. I feel fantastic because I just fucked my gorgeous sister and had a great time. I'm breathing hard, hot, sweaty, and feeling great. On the other hand, I'm disgusted with myself for the ending. That was terrible, the worst ending ever. I can't even fuck a woman the correct way. My self-esteem falls back to an all-time low, and that's saying something. The worst part, I did this to my sister. I feel like shit.
Faith, of course, has no clue what happened. Emma is delirious happy from the fucking. She may not even know how bad I fucked up yet. I probably look like my puppy died. Two extreme reactions and she is clueless.
Faith does the most unbelievable thing ever; she yells out, "HELP!"
OH fuck. I move over several inches so the coming stampede doesn't knock me over. Unfortunately, my elbow was still in the path. Everyone knows the worst part is getting hit on the funny bone. It's the absolute worst. I was already in agony; this brought a whole new pain level as Andrea barges through my bedroom door, first on the scene.
Before her, a confused Faith, a giggling Emma, and I am rolling around in pain on the floor before her. She's asking me where it hurts. Being the near medical professional she is, she dives for the one in pain, me.
Meanwhile, Becky interrogates Faith, "What happened?"
Faith is still in shock, "I. I. I don't know. They were fucking. She got two orgasms and blows up at the end. Hal was fucking her fast, lost the rhythm, and then next thing I know, he's on the floor, head on knees, like he's ready to cry."
Becky isn't satisfied, "Why was he near tears?"
Faith looks at her with contempt, "How am I supposed to know? They were fucking, he got out of sorts, and then they split. I was confused and called for help. He needed help, and I didn't know what else to do. I don't understand the issue."
Andrea asks me, "Did. Did you... hurt... your cock?"
I am so not talking about this. I am humiliated enough as it is. It's even worse with Emma giggling now. She understands what a loser I am. I thought I was a big man and could handle two women. I don't even make it to the second before I fuck up the ending.
An ice pack shows up for my elbow. Once again, I am using an ice pack. Andrea's still asking questions, and I refuse to speak.
Finally, Emma has had enough, "Stop! Enough of the questions. He screwed up fucking me. OK. You happy now. What else can we say to make him feel even worse? Go ahead, pile it on. Let's go back to before the black eye. Tell him how worthless he is."
Becky has had enough, "Enough. How can he screw up sex? You push in and pull out. I'm not picking on him; I just don't understand."
Emma yells, "FINE!"
Then in a normal voice, "You know how a man gets in a rhythm. In and out at an even rate. It's like a bicycle. Just like on a bike, your foot falls off the pedal, and your foot goes all crazy. That's kind of what he did. He did this just as he's filling me up. However, instead of shooting his cum at the height of his thrust, he's shooting as he pulls out.
"This fills up my hole with his sticky seed. Then on the thrust in, his helmet is like a snowplow, and it pushes his cock and all his cum into me. The orgasm I got from that was like nothing else I've ever experienced. It certainly was a unique experience, and my body responded like never before. It was like an earthquake. You've seen the movies where things bounce and roll along a table. That's exactly what it felt like. That's why I was giggling; I was STILL enjoying my orgasm. It went on and on and on. It was marvelous. If I could move, I'd hug him."
Casey mutters, "I've never heard of that before. I wonder why? Now that I think of it, everything on the internet and all men I've had have always done the same thing."
Andrea says, "It's a genetic thing. Just like we're imprinted to have sex, so we have children. Men are programmed to thrust and get their semen as far into us as possible to increase the chances of pregnancy. Hal just gave the finger to evolution."
They all laugh hard at that. Even I chuckle a bit. She's not doing anything to help me through.
Donna sits next to me and gives me a big hug, "There is no wrong way to have sex. Just because most people do it one way doesn't mean it's the best; it's just popular. Part of the fun of sex is trying new things. For me, new partners are always exciting. So what if everything isn't perfect, that's what makes it memorable. You don't see Emma complaining, do you? None of us have ever had what you two just experienced. It's OK to be unique."
She kisses me on the lips, gets up, and walks back to her room. Everyone but Andrea leaves as well. Andrea helps me up, and we sit on the bed.
She says cheerfully to me, "It's OK to be different. Faith looks like she needs you. Better not disappoint her. No two times will ever be precisely the same. You better get used to that. Just be yourself, try your best, and no woman will be sorry. Fuck her good. I will leave you alone, see you in the morning.
"Oh, just so you know, some people might call that Coitus Interruptus. It's a form of birth control that the man pulls out right before he cums. Of course, you don't push it back in again in that situation. I love that you care enough to try your best. Good night."
The door closes as I stand up.
Emma rises to lead me back to bed, where Faith has moved to the center of my bed. Emma and I share a soft, steamy kiss which she breaks off.
Emma says in a soft voice, "That was wonderful, thank you. I love that you cared enough to think about my experience. None of us get that from other men. It's what makes you so charming. Come, Faith needs you."
She glides to my bed and leads me to Faith. We take up opposite sides of Faith. Emma points to me, the breast closest to me, and then her pussy. She floors me when she points to herself, Faith's breast closest to her, and then Faith's pussy. Holly hell, she wants us to double team Faith!
Swell, I don't have a "song" for just one breast. Oh well, time to make one up on the fly. I like two fingers in the pussy, but I will limit myself to one and just my closest side with Emma in there as well. Wow, this should be wild.
Emma knows that Hal uses what he calls a "song" to string together a series of techniques together. It's a wonderful feeling. There's something about the quick repetition that's divine. No doubt Hal will do that again. Emma doesn't know what he will do, but that's ok; they can each do their own thing. Time for Emma to write her own "song."
Suck soft, suck harder, suck much harder, do two circles around the nipple. Press nipple to the right with my nose, press it to the left with my nose. If that fails, I will use my tongue for all. With my hand, I will assume Emma will take the clit. I will stick two fingers in near the taint and swirl them around in a small "o," followed by a finger slipping out. I will slip my fingers up and down her vulva, then up and down the inside and outside her lips. I want to get the full-length strokes, like emulating fucking her nether lips.
As I complete the first set, Faith shutters. I start my repetition. I notice that Emma and I touch at precisely the same time. I look over at her and see that she, too, is running a "song" on Faith. No kidding, she likes it enough to repeat the process on Faith. My heart fills with pride and confidence again.
Faith has already orgasmed once. She's doing fantastic on her breathing. However, after her third orgasm, she forgets her breathing. She stops then starts. I stop, and she looks hurt. Emma quickly stops as well, looking at me for a reason.
I am breathing hard from the hard work, "She stopped breathing consistently. I wasn't going to wait for a red face that was soon to arrive."
Emma looks bashful, saying, "I think she's ready."
I tease Faith, "I don't know. She had three orgasms already; she might be done for the night."
Faith looks dead. Her arms are straight out, her body relaxed, her eyes are closed, only her deep breathing gives away that she is alive.
Faith's surprisingly strong voice demands, "Give me a few minutes to recover. You and Emma really worked me over. That was amazing. Each of you was special. Together, it tore me up. There was so much stimulation from seemingly my entire body. We need to share this will all our sisters, Emma.
"It's even better when both of you using those... "songs." I knew what you were doing, yet there was something magical with a repeating pattern. Is this why people love music so much? Or is it because music has ingrained songs with patterns?"
Nobody has an answer.
Several minutes later, Faith says, "OK Hal, I need you. I'm ready. However." She pauses, thinking. "I'm not like most women. I'm sure you have seen the videos of 'hate fucking.' I love a good rough fucking. A bit of pain turns me on. Being degraded, humiliated, and restrained are huge fantasies of mine. How do I find a guy I trust to do any of that? Once a big guy gets going, how do I stop him? If I'm restrained, he can do anything he wants to me. He can call his friends, film me, use a knife; I see you get the idea. I need to really trust a man.
"That's why I don't date much. I will get desperate and fuck a good-looking man. I can't let go like I really want to. I do trust you, especially with Emma here. You stopping when you did proves your feelings for me. Red Bird will be my safe word."
I am stunned at her request, "I'm not sure I'm strong enough to do what you saw in the videos. Those guys are big, strong, and manly. I don't have any of those qualities."
Faith is all smiles, "Don't you see? That's what makes you perfect. You're like a steppingstone. No, that would mean I am using you to get someone else. To be honest, my brain says I want something, yet it's also scared that it's too extreme. I might be happy with what you can do. Heck, that may even be too extreme for me. That's my problem. I don't know what my limits are. Please help guide me."
I spend a moment thinking. I can see her issue. She will want more than me, but I can help her find her limits. I lean forward, wind up and slap her face well. Her immediate reaction is anger for being slapped. She then turns to a smile as she realizes I am starting. Emma backs up; she wants no part of this. I slap her hard enough to draw a tear to her eyes and pink cheeks. I roll her over. I spank her ass four times. That earns me two ouches and two moans.
I grab a hand and twist her arm, so it's safely behind her in a comfortable position. She moves her other hand far from me. I reach up and over her body, using my body to hold her in place. I grab the other arm and match it behind her.
I command Emma, "Give me my belt!"
Emma jumps at my commanding voice, then retrieves my belt for me. I use my belt to bind Faith's hands behind her. The hands are in a flat overlapping position. My belt is thin and has a flexible nylon mesh. I don't use much of the length. I don't want a ball under her back that would hurt her. I roll her back and then slap her twice more.
I yell at her, "I hate you, you bitch. You got me fired today. I'm going to punish you by fucking the hell out of you, and there isn't a thing you can do about it. I put a ball-gag in your mouth so you can't talk or scream. Take it like the cunt you are."
She doesn't have a ball-gag; I just set expectations. I want her to be able to use her safe word. I'm a bit surprised at how easily those words came out. She really inspired me.
I slapped her face two more times. Here cheeks have enough pink that I am done with that. I smack her breasts twice and then spit in her face.
Faith says, "Red bird."
I freeze.
Faith giggles, "Sorry, not a fan of spitting. I would have warned you, but I had no idea."
Emma grabs my shirt off the floor and cleans Faith's face.
Faith says, "Please continue; you're doing great."
Knowing that I'm on the right path, I use stronger slaps on the breasts that earns me ouches and then three quick slaps on her pussy. No ouches, three big moans. I slapped the second breast three times with increasing power, only to get three moans. I guess I can't strike her hard enough.
I move between her legs and shove my rock-hard cock into her pussy. It's like a swamp she is so soaked. She moans long for the satisfaction she's getting. I don't go for speed as much as hard. I use my arms to hold behind her hips, allowing me to pull my body to hers.
This is crazy shit. Our bodies slam together. I push in and pull out as hard as I can. I want to give Faith what she wants. I didn't even realize it until after I did it. I take my open hand and swat a breast. My timing is perfect. As my hand comes in from the right, her breast swings back from the left. I hit perfectly, producing a loud, angry slapping sound on her fabulous breast.
My current plan is to fuck her as hard as I can.
I don't even look at Emma; I just say, "Light pinching of nipples."
It's not even a whole sentence or a complete thought. I did get what I wanted. If Emma liked two on one, Faith would go insane. Typically, rolling of my hips means I don't move very far, and I get a quick thrust with my cock. I'm currently using an exaggerated stroke where my hips move more. That allows my hips more time to gain strength to hammer my cock home with more thrust and greater impact. There's a slap every time I thrust into Faith's supple body from our bodies colliding.
I reach out a hand and pull her hair to bring her head forward, giving me her complete attention.
I almost scream with a loud and surprisingly powerful voice, "Fuck you bitch. You cost me my job. I will treat you like the obvious slut you are until I breed you. Only I fuck you until you have a child. Only then will you go back to your pathetic loser husband."
I push her head back. Her body is on fire, with sweat covering her body. She can easily push me off the bed. She won't because this is what she wants. Her face is pink with darker cheeks from my slapping. Her hair is darker and drenched with sweat.
The expression on her face is in apparent conflict. It's like a smile wants to break out. The fucking must be harsh, yet she clearly loves what I'm doing.
I slapped her twice more, which caused a scared look in her eyes.
I threaten her, "If I see a smile, I will tan your ass until it's a nice warm red."
Fuck her. She purposely smiles. I pull out. Ah ha, she didn't think about that. I roll her over.
I use a clear voice, "Count them out and ask for another, or I restart, bitch!"
I spank her ass good, she says, "Thank you, sir, may I have another." That is more than I expected, but that works. At ten, it doesn't seem sufficient; we go to twenty. Even twenty doesn't seem enough, but I dare not go thirty.
In a fit of rage, I roll her onto her back, get between her legs again, and continue to hard fuck her with all the force I can. I earn myself a good grunt with each thrust for my effort. The extra work is wearing me out. I am tired from before, and this is only compounding my issues. I don't have much left. She got a good thirty minutes. I will speed this up now.
I grunt to Emma, "Harder. I'm wearing out."
That should do a number on Faith all by itself. Fortunately, there is a whole lot more. She's no longer getting the hard pounding; it's just a good old fast fucking. I see the acceptance in Faith. She looks concerned for me.
Don't worry about me, orgasm, dammit!
With five good hard thrusts, I slam my cum as deep as possible into my awesome sister. I get seven more thrusts in before I finish her off correctly. The moment Faith feels me cum, she releases her flood gates and accepts her own orgasm.
Nothing is better for a man than those ten seconds of glory as the cum shoots out our body. For Emma, she is in a dream-like state. My body gives out. I fall face-first into a breast. That was nice. I can feel Emma taking deep breaths. She didn't pass out, but she has zero energy left. Her eyes are closed. Only the deep breathing tells me she's awake.
I love the feel of her soft, smooth body. She has enough muscle to have an excellent definition and look healthy. Neither of us has enough energy to hold each other. Emma moves my arms like I'm a puppet so that I can hold Faith now that my arms are near her. That is sweet of her.
I want to take a shower. After a few minutes, Emma rolled me off Faith, something neither of us liked. Emma brings over the sheet and blanket but leaves me partially uncovered. She turns off the light, jumps in bed behind me, and pulls over the sheet and blanket. The room smells heavily of sex. We're all tired and fall fast asleep.
Chapter 8 -- Tuesday Blackmail
Tuesday morning is more of the same. We take a long shower with the three of us. They have me so clean, they can eat off my body. Emma wants a quick fuck while Faith passes.
At breakfast, I ask, "Sometime this week, I would like to go back and see Lauren."
All talking has stopped, and all eyes are on me.
I want to be discreet, "I have a friend that wants to do some shopping and get his hair cut. I might be able to get a ride there, but he lives far away from us, so I had hoped to at least get a ride home."
Gail is first to suggest, "I can take you there on Thursday if that works."
I answer, "I will find out at school today."
*****
Today is almost a mirror of yesterday. Different women gave me blow jobs and received oral, but it's all running together. Nothing sticks out other than the actual act and that it's not like my sisters. I do meet with Mitch at lunchtime. I said I needed to use the washroom. Instead, I drop by to see Mitch. He's surprised to see me.
Mitch says, "Hey Hal. I didn't expect to see you today."
I see his mood change drastically. He knows that I know. I have no idea what I look like, but this is almost like my parents dying.
Mitch looks down, "She told you yesterday, huh?"
I nod my head yes.
Mitch says, "I guess for you it's hard what with your parents and all. I'll make sure I say hi for you when I meet them."
That's not helping.
I try to work through it, "You've done so much for me. How do I say thank you?"
He has a tear in his eye as well now.
I almost smile, "Thursday, I can get a ride to Emerson and Sons. You can meet Lauren, and if you're nice, get your hair cut by a retired porn star."
That sure perked up Mitch.
I continue, "Gail is picking me up after school. I will meet you there. Lauren will make you a stud."
The bell sounded.
I roll my eyes, "I need to run, or you might get hurt. They're very possessive."
Mitch laughs, "You're just learning, huh? I will meet you there after school."
The rest of the day went well until my last class. I heard a text message but didn't read it as that gets anyone's phone taken away. Teachers don't like distracted students.
As soon as class ends, I check my sister's text message. Reading the text almost made me sick. It wasn't from a sister. Several students look at me like I might die.
Julie is first, "What's wrong? You look sick."
I'm honest with them, "Um. Yeah. I suddenly don't feel well. Give me a minute."
I pocket my phone and drop my head on my hands. I didn't lie; I just left out a few details.
The message reads, "I have a picture of Kate kissing you full on the lips. I can ruin her career unless you meet me at her house tonight at 7:00. We're going to fuck her senseless and record it."
While I would, in fact, enjoy fucking the hell out of Kate, there is no way I let some other guy fuck her and record it. How stupid can they be? This feels like another student. I don't understand why me? Why doesn't the blackmailer just fuck her? A football player wants to take me down. Holy shit, he's planning a team gang bang.
Julie finds someone to take me home. I thank all of them with a nice kiss. As soon as I'm in the house, I call Becky.
Becky's first question is, "Are you in the hospital or in danger?"
I am surprised, but answer, "Um, no."
Becky sounds relieved, "Can I call you back? I'm with two partners right now, discussing a case."
I chill her to the bone when I reply, "Put this on speakerphone."
I hear some fumbling, and then I hear Becky say, "This is my little brother Hal, the guitar player."
I hear two "Hello."
I am nervous, "Hi Becky. I have a problem. Someone texted me at school saying: 'I have a picture of Kate kissing you full on the lips. I can ruin her career unless you meet me at her house tonight at 7:00. We're going to fuck her senseless and record it.' You know she is hot, and the football team hates me. I'm afraid they're going to gangbang her. What do I do?"
A voice tells me, "Have dinner and go tonight. We will take care of everything else. Call Becky before you get there and close your phone. She will hear it, but they won't be able to tell the call is open, being monitored, and recorded."
Another voice says, "Don't worry, Hal, we will take care of everything. Don't tell anyone about this. Do text Becky any further instructions you might get. Thank you for the call; we got your back."
Becky adds, "Kate will be fine. Don't worry a bit. I will be busy, but I WILL be there. Trust me. Thank you for calling me first. I'll talk to you later."
I am nervous, but I know Becky. Nobody is as fierce as that woman. With two partners helping, this will work out, or my life won't be worth squat.
*****
I stay up in my bedroom working on homework by myself until dinner. I announce that I need a ride at 6:30 PM. Nobody questions me. I had expected questions, wanting to know what girl I would be fucking, and a host of other mean-spirited questions. Instead, it's a quiet dinner. I don't have much of an appetite. I finish early, shower to kill time, and then wear casual clothes.
I am trembling because of the events that are likely to happen. My stomach is flipping over and making life no fun right now. I'm nervous, scared, and afraid of what Kate might have to do. She's a friendly teacher and has been a great supporter of mine long before anyone else. She had no support from the school and still befriended me. That takes some guts. I need to stay strong for her. I need to let Becky do what she can do.
What can she do? Sue them afterword? Give me an order of protection? Is blackmailing even legal? No, it can't be. I should have asked many more questions.
I hear Andrea yell up that it's 6:30. I guess she is driving me.
In the car, she finally asks, "Do you want to talk about this? You seem a bit nervous. Is this Michelle's house?" I shake my head no. "Lauren's house?" I shake my head no. "What about that hot teacher from school?"
I look at her with horror.
Andrea asks, "What's going on? That's not a look of passion. You're dreading this. Something's wrong. You tell me now, or I turn around this minute."
I yell, "NO!"
That caught her attention.
I sheepishly reply, "My teacher Kate is in trouble. Becky is already helping. I just need to get there. Then I need you to clear out, or you will endanger me. I should be fine otherwise. Becky and her bosses are busy; that's why she wasn't at dinner. They have a plan, so don't screw it up. The ice cream place should be far enough away. I will call you when I need you."
Andrea asks, "Becky and two other interns?"
I correct her, "Becky and two partners."
That eased her fears some. It sure didn't mine. I just had a flash in my mind where I walked in the door, and they shot me. That makes no sense; they're not killers, just horny football players.
I call Becky like the partner instructed and closed my phone before Andrea drops me off a few minutes early and then speeds off. As I walk up the sidewalk, four guys I know from school walk out of the house's shadows. Figures, four of the meanest guys at school. On a positive note, there are only four and not the whole team.
They don't even knock on the door; they just walk in. Kate is in the living room, on a couch, with the TV on. She's not watching it. Her eyes look haunted; they are red, like she's been crying all afternoon. She looks frail and scared. I want to hug her so bad.
Peter calls my name. I turn around just in time to catch his fist with my face. I am staggered but still standing. He wallops me in the chest, knocking me down and in pain.
Kate screams out, "STOP IT!"
Surprisingly he does. Another guy, not sure which one, kicks me in the ribs as they walk to Kate. In seconds they rip off her shirt, and she screams.
Dean shouts at her, "SHUT UP BITCH! We're all taking a turn with you, and then you're going to screw your lover boy on camera. He gets sloppy fifths of your slutty cunt. He gets to wallow around in all our cum. Then we own you. If we show the video or pictures, you'll never work another day in your life. You will be blackballed from every school in America."
They all laugh hard. Mike picks me up and hits me in the stomach this time. I almost lost my dinner.
Kate screams, "OK. Stop. Don't hurt him. I'll do anything you want. Just don't hurt him anymore."
Dean shouts out again, "Oh, we're going to keep hitting him, and you're still going to do what we want."
You know that smell of a meaty slab of BBQ ribs sitting in a smoker all day? That's good stuff. The scent of four football players twitching on the ground, defecating themselves from being shot by four high-power tasers, well, that's not quite as good. However, at that moment, I did enjoy it almost as much.
The four boys are handcuffed. A policewoman has a blanket surrounding Kate, and two EMPs are checking me over. I can't answer questions; I am still in a daze. I know this is Becky's doing. I hurt a lot, but it's my fingers that worry me. They hurt, and they're crooked. My playing days are done. The one good thing I can do, and it's taken from me.
They think I'm in pain and have broken bones or lacerated organs. I'm rushed to the hospital. Andrea is just outside the door and starts doing what she does. She's asking me questions and barking out orders. My hand is placed in an air cast, and I am given something that makes the pain go away. It also put me to sleep.
Chapter 9 -- Healing
Andrea's point of view:
Poor Hal, he got beat up once again. We might have to start home schooling. I don't like how his hand looks at all.
I tell the EMT, "Call ahead. Dr. Talos is the on-call orthopedic surgeon. I want Dr. Lakshmi Patel. Hal, the patient, is a guitar player. It looks like someone stepped on his fingers. I don't know if even she is good enough to save his ability to play, but she's the best the hospital has."
As we pull into the ER bay, they wheel Hal out quickly. Dr. Talos is there to take a quick look. He looks grim as he runs off. This isn't my hospital, but I'm with the patient, know his history, and know what I have done on the way. I rattle off the drugs I gave him and his vital signs, which are strong. I explained what happened and that he didn't say what hurt.
I'm not allowed to touch him or prescribe medicines anymore. They do keep me on hand to answer questions. They don't like his fingers either. While I have time, I tell them Hal's story. He isn't just a patient; he's a person that has had a rough life. He took this punishment to save his teacher.
I make an executive decision that I have no right to make, "I don't care what it costs; I want the best orthopedic surgeon for fingers. I will beg, cheat, and steal if needed to get the right surgeon. I'll sell the family house if needed. We're two of eight children. Our parents died in a plane crash many years ago. Hal is too good. He deserves the best. I..."
The doctor chuckles, "We get the idea, dear. Dr. Talos ran out of here. I would bet anything he's on the phone now looking for someone to perform the surgery. It needs to be done fast and the sooner, the better. We don't want those bones setting in the wrong positions."
I didn't even want to think of that. I know it's true.
Dr. Talos comes running back excitedly, "I found her! I found her! They're working on a new procedure to repair badly damaged fingers. Dr. Santana is presenting at a conference today. She will come, but only if you pay the expenses, she can use her new technique, and several of her colleagues get to assist."
The doctor says before I can reply, "I need them here now. Have them charter a jet immediately."
The doctor now looks at me, "You better call your family and friends. This is going to be a big bill. You know insurance won't cover experimental procedures. I hope he's worth it."
For five minutes, everyone in the room is huddled around the video of Hal playing. I take my phone and bring up his video doing the duet on stage in Wisconsin. I then press play and hand my phone to the doctor.
He hands me back his phone when it finishes and says, "You are in for a treat. Dr. Santana is Dr. Sherry Santa, daughter of Carlos Santana, the famous guitar player. This must be destiny."
That's the first good thing I've heard all night. I stay by Hal's side for four hours. They are prepping him for surgery; therefore, I am tossed into the waiting room where my sisters are. They were kept up to date. There's nothing I can add. I wanted to be around just in case Hal woke up. He never did, but I felt better being near him.
It seems the event made the 10:00 news. Michelle, Mitch, Lauren, and Jeremy, Lauren's cousin, are here. A gaggle of students and retired porn stars are outside. I am sure that's an odd mixture of women.
I hear Gail talking to Jeremy about fingers, I listen in. Never mind how good-looking and beautiful his eyes are, I want to know about... Hal, yeah, Hal.
Jeremy says with a frown, "For any musician, fingers are everything. Flexibility and strength help, but the natural ability to move quickly is paramount. Ok, well, mostly. Billy Joel has a nasty finger, and he can still play the piano. For a guitar player, you need all ten working and agile. Like Hal, Clapton, and Santana, some guitar players can make a guitar cry with very little speed. They bring a level of emotion I never learned.
"You remember that sad freestyle music. That had nothing in common with our duel. He was slow, methodical, and made his guitar cry like few can. Worst case, he will always be able to do that. However, there is far more money in the other type of music."
A beautiful woman interrupts us, "Can you play some of that music?"
I have my phone out and start Hal's freestyle sad music from Wisconsin. She sways to the music and has a tear in her eye.
She smiles at Jeremy, "You're wrong, by the way. Yes, people love fast riffs, but dad proved that people gravitate to good music. If it has heart and feelings, people are drawn to it.
"I am the surgeon. It will take longer because I am teaching. I expect a full recovery eventually. Six months ago, and Hal's career would have been done. Go update the crowd; they look so sad. A nurse will be out here shortly. I have an iPod I listen to in surgery. Please fill it up with everything of Hal you have. He reminds me of my dad some. I have to run, bye."
She hugs me and runs down the long corridor. I walk out to make an announcement. None of my sisters follow me.
Outside of the front doors, on the sidewalk and street, are about sixty young and middle-aged women. It's obvious who the retired porn stars are; they're breathtaking. They are older, but damn, they still look fabulous.
I have their complete attention on seeing me, and they're silent for me, "Hal, as you probably know, tried to save Kate from what I believe were young men from school. Becky said that he received a blackmail text and he called her. She called the police, and they were the ones to save the day. The four boys worked over Hal, and his fingers got broken somewhere along the way.
"I don't think I need to tell you that's bad. I can say that my heart goes out to Kate. She's an amazing young woman that cares deeply for all her students. The four boys are in jail. I personally gave Hal a pain killer and something to make him sleep. He never woke up before surgery. He doesn't need these memories.
"I had some big shot surgeons flown in to try an experimental procedure in hopes that he may play again someday. Mitch, Michelle, Lauren, and Jeremy, her cute cousin, are with us. Only Hal's sisters will provide official news updates. The surgeon said the surgery would be lengthy as she is also teaching the procedure at the same time. Because of that, I will not provide another update tonight. I will call the school tomorrow so they can announce updates. Any questions?"
The closest porn star asks me, "You had a team of surgeons flown here on a private jet. How are you paying for that?"
Shocked that she's worried about money, I stumble but answer, "That's my problem. We own a home. I'll do what I need to."
A thin little girl asks, "Will he ever play again?"
That brought tears to my eyes.
I go with honesty, "I work in an ER. When I saw his fingers, I thought he was done. The surgeon is the daughter of a famous guitar player named Carlos Santana. She says he will play again. Jeremy says fingers are critical to playing the way Hal can. He seemed less optimistic. He did say that not all musicians play fast, so even a partially disabled Hal could still make a guitar cry. It's way too early to know.
"I suggest you all go home. We appreciate you showing your support. It touches my heart to see such wonderful people caring about him. He might need some book carriers and homework writers for a while if any of you are interested or are in his classes."
The younger girls all go home. A porn star grabs my arm lightly.
She looks me in the eye, "You have no idea what it costs to charter a plane for that many people round trip, do you?"
I am surprised that she cares, "Um, no. My first concern is Hal."
She quickly follows up, "Becky is the lawyer, right?"
She is scaring me now, "How the hell do you know that? Who are you?"
They all laugh, "I am Midnight. Ok, Sara Raylor, and these are my friends. I know a thing or two about airplanes. I have had a lot of fun up in the private ones. Oh yes, good times. With that many doctors, just the charter could cost you your home. Then add the hospital bill for the surgery and then the fees for the surgeons, and you might need two houses. No way Hal can earn money for a while to pay it off, either.
"We are from SEX, Sexual Entertainer eXperts. When we heard about Hal, our group researched him. As you might guess, many men like our group, and we must be careful of the scumbags. His story came back 100% accurate. That's unusual for us. Can you believe he's never hit on us? He's eighteen! We're offended! He should be wagging his tongue and pulling down his pants at seeing us. Yet, he's a gentleman.
"People care about him. We care about him. He tried to save a wonderful woman and might be crippled for his efforts. People will donate to help. We have done this before. However, we need your permission. I would like to meet Becky, let her see the paperwork, and research us. Then we can start to help. We have quite the following. You still may lose the house, but it will help."
I ask, "Is now OK? We have many hours of boredom. We might as well start ASAP."
She says to me, "Sooner the better, while the story is hot. We will be back with posters to help with awareness to get the TV trucks out. You will see we do a lot more than cut hair. Most of us don't need to work. We need to do something to stay sane and have fun."
I say goodbye to the others and bring Sara with me. I'm holding her hand and have no idea why. Boy, won't Hal be happy to hear about this. Wait a minute, Hal has never been gaga over the retired porn stars. Why would that be? Does he think that much of his sisters? Is it Michelle or Lauren? Damn, that's some deep shit. I need to have a talk with him.
I bring Sara back, explain why, and Becky grabs a grieving room to talk. Once back with my sisters, it's time for me to have some fun. I'm going to make two women very uncomfortable being here.
After the conversation slows, I say to the group, "Mitch. I understand why you're here. You've done a lot for Hal to help him along. Jeremy, I mean, wow. That was a hell of a thing to do for Hal. He worships that guitar. I know you had fun on stage playing that song together. You obviously care for Hal a lot. Lauren, you have helped him a bunch as well. You found him a perfect look, a great haircut, and a organized a hell of a chorus line for the concert."
She blushes at the comments.
I then add pressure, "You two have a business relationship. You like his music, but you work tomorrow, and we will be up well into the morning. So, why are you here? What's your relationship with Hal?"
Lauren blushes, so cute, then explains, "I follow my cousin. He's adorable, in case you haven't noticed. Hal's ability impressed him more than anyone I've ever seen. He looked like a dork with the home haircut and hand me down clothes. I mean, what guy wears women's sweatpants and jeans? I knew instantly what his life was like. Now, Gail, she was dressed nice. She had a new blouse, skirt, lace bra that showed her beautiful girls, and long, toned legs that flowed into her new shoes.
"My heart broke for him. It was painfully obvious what his life was like. I did everything I could to help him out. I doubted your ability to care for your brother. I knew instantly he had talent as I heard his sad songs. Everything else I have heard before. Jeremy is about as good as it comes technically. However, he can't invoke the emotions Hal conjours up when he plays. Hal plays with sadness and love in his music.
"Now, to answer your question, I'm here to check you all out. I'm a lesbian. The porn stars are fun, but I need some new blood. Lots of hot women around Hal. I remember Kate, she's something special. All of you are as well. However, I have difficulty reconciling how you've treated your own brother. I'm not sure any of you are worthy."
Hot damn! That was NOT what I was expecting.
I look at Michelle, "You don't care about Hal; why are you here?"
Mitch flinches. That's good to see. He loves his daughter very much.
Michelle reluctantly explains her story, "I don't hate Hal. He's just not the type of guy that does anything for me. My dad was my role model growing up. He's a big strong man that defends his wife. I saw it twice when I was young. I like him; he's cute in a dweeb kind of way. But no way I am losing my alpha female position at school to defend Hal. I asked my dad to help him and spread the word, but personally, no, I couldn't do it."
Sara is back, and she shocks us all, "You're a real piece of shit, you know that? You're that type of woman that dates those four that hurt Hal. No morals, no ethics, just do what feels good to you. Well, let me tell you. I've seen thousands of guys like you're describing. They'll fuck you, give you a baby, marry you, and then leave you for their secretary."
"I'll take a guy like Hal any day of the week. He will be a considerate lover. With Hal, it's not all about him. He can look me in the eyes when we talk. Any idea how many of your boyfriends could do that with me? We begged him to suck our nipples. He never thought that earned him a shot at one of us. After hearing his music, none of us would have said no. He's going to make millions. You're going to end up being a single mother working two jobs to put your child through college.
"I've had enough of this. Andrea, Becky has signed all the papers; I will start our group on it tonight. I need some of his recordings. That will help a bunch. I really want anything sad. That will bring out the emotions. Good luck."
She turns around, walks away, stops after ten feet, turns around to make sure we're all watching, and we are. Then she walks away, swaying her hips even more.
Jeremy said it best, "I'm married, and even I want to fuck her."
Lauren hit him in the arm playfully. He mockingly looks devastated.
Michelle says to Mitch, "Come on, dad, we have school tomorrow."
Mitch stands up, "Sorry, my designated driver is running off on me. No, no, I'm not drunk. I get weak after a chemo treatment. It's safer for her to drive."
We all take a deep breath in understanding.
Mitch has a tear in his eye, "I asked Hal not to say anything. Dam, he's special."
They walk off with an arm around each other.
Donna looks sad, "Poor Hal. I thought she liked him but was scared. She really doesn't like him. He's going to be heartbroken."
Jeremy puts an arm around Donna and says, "Women lie to themselves when forced to confront their true feelings. I don't buy her story. I wouldn't close the book on her yet. You gave Sara some video files of Hal. I've only seen some of his stuff and nothing that you showed Lauren and Sara. Could I hear more of Hal? I have some projects coming up. If he recovers, I would like to see how he does in a studio.
"I also understand that one of you is working on a project for him. He explained what he wanted. I think that would be perfect for the stuff I want to do. Ever since he told me about it, thoughts have been running through my head with the possibilities."
Casey's turn to talk, "Sorry, it's a Christmas present. I am almost done. I need to make real circuit boards and then a case. I sure would like to know if it works as expected. It's hard to tell on small speakers and a phone. My scope says it's working, but I need a live test."
An excited Jeremy offers, "Here's my card. As soon as you finish, I'll have you stop by the studio, and I'll test it out on a real amplifier. I'll give you feedback and suggestions if it needs more adjusting. How did you know how long to bleed the sound?"
Casey answers with a huge smile, "He said it was a quarter note, so I measured one."
Jeremy smiles back and suggests, "There are all kinds of lengths in music; it's not all 4/4. How about adding a dial, making it adjustable?"
Casey screams, "Brilliant! I know it will be perfect that way, and he can adjust as needed. What do these things sell for? Can I make money from them?"
Jeremy is still smiling, "The cheap stuff is $50. They go up to $600 with more sounds or effects. First, DO NOT sell your idea and get it patented ASAP. With all the people who play guitar, oh yes, you can live off that. If a top ten song uses one, it will sell like crazy. Start looking for a manufacturing company. If Hal has more ideas, you MIGHT make more money than him. If you need money, I will find investors. In my opinion, I think it's going to be huge. Nothing's better than hearing your own music on the radio. I suspect it will be the same for you at hearing your sounds."
Becky joined the conversation, and it was an excellent way to blow two hours as we waited on the news of Hal. Most of us end up taking a nap during the six-hour procedure. We each get an hour or two of much-needed rest. Jeremy and at least two of us needed to stay awake the entire time.
I'm surprised at Jeremy. He's only met Hal twice, yet he seems to almost admire him. What else explains him being here? Jeremy talked a lot about getting Hal in the studio and recording stuff. They seem equal at the fast, technical playing. Jeremy admitted that he can't bring out the emotions that Hal can. I guess that gives him the ability to help anyone with recording, not just the hard-core groups.
Oh my, I see it now. Although technical and amazing, Jeremy's type of playing is a small percentage of the industry. I'm sure he can play other stuff, but the emotional, romantic songs are out of his league, where Hal eats that up. If Becky's gizmos are unique, that gives him a sound nobody else can produce. Well, up until she starts selling them by the thousands.
*****
Six hours later, Dr. Santana comes out, still in her scrubs. She's full of sweat and looks worn out. Jeremy is quick to wake everyone.
Dr. Santos explains, "Someone stepped on his fingers and shattered the bones. Let me assure you, that's NOT a good thing. Without me, no way he would ever play again. Even with me, I don't know if he will be able to play. He will be functional. He will be able to dress, feed, and clean himself. He will be able to write and do buttons. However, a musician needs strength to press strings and strum the strings. They need to move lightning quick and with a deft touch.
"Ideally, my procedure puts him back almost like new. Time will tell. Right now, everything is in place. I don't want him straining his hands or arms. He stays home and will need someone to watch over him. Bathe, feed, clean, dress, write, change channels.
"Christmas Eve, the casts can come off. Then no playing for another two weeks, or when physical therapy says you can. There are specialists for musicians; they will know how to get his flexibility, strength, and range of motion back.
"His sad songs reminded me of my father when I was young. I sure hope he has a future. It was amazing listening to the concerts with the crowds. Again, it reminded me of my father. It's 5:00 AM. My team is beat; we're going back to our rooms and getting some sleep. I will check up on him before I leave. He should be up in an hour or two. Only one is allowed back there. Soon he will be in a patient room, and then you can all see him. Any questions?"
I ask, "How many pieces were there? Were all the fingers badly damaged? What parts of the finger were damaged?"
She laughs, "I'm tired. Have them share his records with you. I documented everything in fine detail. I will need you to sign a non-disclosure agreement. My notes give away my secrets, and they're not published yet. Goodbye, everyone. 3:00 PM tomorrow at the earliest."
She looked tired. That was a long time to be doing that kind of work.
I ask my sisters, "We don't all need to be here. Who wants to go home?"
Gail asks, "Are you going home?"
Dumb question. I reply, "No, I want... I see your point. I'm going to check on the notes in his file. If I find Hal, there will be a nurse close by. I'll be back."
I find a nurse that points me to recovery rooms. I find Hal still sleeping. It's not long before his nurse checks up on him and points me at a computer. I am in the same system, just a different facility. I can log on as myself and read the surgeon's notes.
I go back to see Hal, and he's coming around. No nurse is about, and he's pulling on his arms. OH SHIT! That's bad.
I use a soft but forceful voice to shake him awake, "HAL! HAL! Stop moving." His eyes open. "Calm down. A specialist was here to operate on your fingers. You're restrained, so you don't move your hands. They're in a cast almost to your elbows. Because your recovery is at a dangerous point now, you've been restrained."
He makes me laugh when he says, "Well, there is a first for anything. Did you ever think you would use the words Hal and dangerous in the same sentence?"
I shake his hair and smile, "Never."
I have difficulty not smiling as I ask, "Have you ever heard of a Carlos Santana?"
He rolls his eyes, "Now I know you're messing with me. That dude is famous."
I laugh at him and then explain, "His daughter did your surgery. They tested a new procedure on you. I expect you will meet her before she goes home?"
He looks sad, "She came from out of town? How are we going to pay for that?"
I object strongly, "Hey there, finance is my job. You let me worry about that. We need you to play guitar, have fun, and make records!"
He looks sad, and with good reason, "Can you guarantee me that I will play again?"
I reply, "Jeremy said that you will play again. The question is: will you be playing songs with feeling or songs with feeling AND super hard technical songs like before. Dr. Santana holds out high hopes for you. She loved your music. She listened to it while she was operating on you. She said your sad stuff reminded her of her father, Carlos. That's some praise."
The little shit smiles at me, "You smiled when you mentioned Jeremy."
I blush, "Shush you, he's married with a family."
Even tied to the bed, he knocks me over by saying, "Why do cute, young women wear wedding rings?"
I'm stunned, "Jeremy isn't...."
He's chuckling at me, "You blushed and got tongue-tied. You're in love. You have lots of competition. All your sisters. Lauren."
I burst his bubble, "Sorry. She was telling us just tonight, she's a card-carrying lesbian."
He finishes my sentence, "... that likes her cousin. Just like every other woman does."
I try to distract him, "Michelle was here. We found out why she doesn't like you. She had problems with boys twice, and her big strong dad saved her. So now she needs a big strong boyfriend. You will never be that man."
Surprisingly, he's happy, saying, "Nope. That's not me. Not now, not ever."
He is way too smug. I was expecting him to make that a topic for a while.
I tease him, "That wasn't exactly the answer I expected out of you. What do you know that we don't?"
The little shit is playing with me, "Me? I have no idea what you're talking about."
Standing up with my fingers near his ribs, I threaten him, "You're restrained, and I can tickle you until you pee yourself. What do you know?"
He relents, "OK! OK! Stop. It's nothing she says; it's her actions. She made her dad give me a tryout. She was never mean to me. She didn't stand up for me either. I think she feels guilty that she didn't. She's no longer a cheerleader. She showed up to Wisconsin and showed up here tonight."
I shoot that down, "That was because Mitch had a chemo treatment tonight and won't drive."
He adds, "Yet he didn't look tired, and she was the one to say that, and not him. I think she's in denial. It's OK. I'm more than thrilled with my current girlfriend. She's amazing."
I can only smile; he's right. His girlfriend of course are his sisters,and they are amazing people.
Because he's awake and doing well, they un-bind him. He does get strict instructions on what not to do. Let me sum it up, don't move, and he may talk. He is to do nothing on his own. We will move him up the bed or to his side. Not following directions will be catastrophically bad for his progress toward recovery.
Within an hour, he is in a room by himself. They know there will be crowds.
Samantha, the first nurse, set expectations, "I know you're a big family. I saw the crowd for him. I have eighteen other patients that need sleep. I'm limiting you to six quiet family members and only four if nonfamily is here. We have visiting hours. I will allow one of you outside of those hours since he can't press the button.
"I have a bunch of patients; I want you or a family member watching him close. No sleeping while you're here, or I'll kick them out. I'm in charge here. We're shorthanded, so I'm allowing you to assist... unofficially."
I suggest, "He had an experimental surgery done. The care instructions are specific and not typical. You NEED to read all the notes to fully understand. There are things you need to be looking for. I'm two months from being an ER doc, I can't miss school. All his sisters are in college or graduate school like me. We will make sure one of us is here at all times."
I reach out and hold her arm, "My sisters need to see him. They haven't seen him for over eight hours. They're stressed. I will give them a rundown on his care, and we will make a schedule. I will try to get my friends to take turns on their days off. We will be quiet; you have my word."
She nods OK and takes off because her pager went off. I text my sisters Hal's room number and to be quiet coming up. We're after regular visiting hours.
*****
This begins two of the longest months of my life. Within a week, Hal is home. He has a cast on until Christmas Eve, and one of us is home at all times. Every day off I spent with Hal. To me, wiping an ass is no big deal. To my sisters, it was no fun. By the end of eight weeks, we are all tired and tired of Hal. It's not that we hate him or he did anything wrong. It's that he's helpless, and we do everything twice, once for ourselves and once for him. We are all wore down.
The porn stars raised a lot of money. I still had to remortgage our paid-off home and max out our line of credit. Our trust fund is about dead as well. On a positive note, Becky, Casey, and I all graduated early, and we have great jobs.
I work at the hospital I was training in. Becky's firm hired her on, and Casey is working for a small company that wants to make cheap devices for poor people worldwide. Things like water pump generators that run on wind or flowing water. She's also been working with Jeremy to make the gizmo that Hal wants to test out.
Because we all just started, it will be a few weeks before we see a paycheck. That will help big time. Not having to babysit Hal will improve everyone's mood.
The good news is Hal's fingers, they think, are healing better than expected. Today, we find out when his casts come off. Lauren and Michelle have been no-shows all along. The porn stars have made appearances to check up on Hal. He loves it when they come over. Sara is his most frequent visitor.
We haven't told Hal yet, but Kate left the school because she was too embarrassed to return. That's going to hurt him a lot. She went back to her parent's home. She is suing the four boys, but their families have no money. They were all charged as adults, and they were told to expect to spend some time in jail. With full prisons and their first-time offense, they will get out early.
*****
December 24th
Location: Local Orthopedic Surgery Offices
Point of view: Hal
On walking into the office with all my sisters, I am sent for an x-ray. Andrea said this would happen. Thirty minutes later, they called my name. I've been here several times now. They know my story and all my sisters. It's no surprise when we are all led to a conference room where Dr. Sharon Patel meets us. She knows Andrea is now an ER doctor, so the first thing she does is put the x-rays up on the overhead projector. It's cool; she did it from her laptop.
Sharon states, "From what I see here, everything looks great, just like it has all along. It appears that Hal has been good... so far. Unless Andrea can see something, I don't; I want to take off his casts."
Andrea looks close at the x-rays and then offers her opinions, "It's amazing. I don't see any screws, bars, bands, or cracks in the bones. I don't even see any evidence that he had broken fingers."
Sharon adds, "Using the dissolvable sutures was a fantastic idea. Nothing else would have left him like this. I have seen some nasty fingers after something as bad as Hal had. I would have thought two fingers on each hand were a lost cause for a musician. That woman and her team did a fantastic job. I saw the write-up in the journals. Her new procedure and Hal got a lot of attention.
"I will add my finding both now and in four weeks when you come back. By that time, the Physical Therapy should have results."
I comment, "I'm ready, take these off. Now?"
Sharon laughs, "You all stay here. I will take Hal and remove his clubs. Then I will bring him back here."
Gail is first to ask, "Will he ever play again like before?"
We all want to know that answer.
Sharon shrugged her shoulders and points her finger right in front of my face, "I wish I knew. I will warn you. NO PLAYING... until physical therapy says it's OK to start. I don't want you putting pressure on the ends of your fingertips or mashing things."
Andrea adds, "Your muscles have not moved in eight weeks. They're going to be stiff and weak. Let PT build up your muscles."
Sharon continues, "No heavy lifting either. Toilet paper, clothes, silverware are OK; all else, not yet. Until told, no writing. I bet you have someone that would not mind assisting. When PT says it's OK, then start doing what they suggest. My guess is that you will be allowed to do many things each week. It's essential to do your homework. Think of it like math; each week builds on what you improved or conditioned the previous week."
There were no more questions. Sharon stood up, took me by my hand, and removed my casts. As I walk back into the room, I get incredible hugs from my sisters. Little did I know, we are all happy for different reasons. I'm so glad because we can continue our relationship. They're happy because they've had enough of me. Staying up late, worrying about my healing, wiping my ass, feeding me. It's all taken a toll on them, and they want space from me.
As soon as we get home, everyone goes to their rooms. I am alone by the front door, standing by myself, as everyone else rushes for the solitude of their room. They don't want to be around me for a while. That is when I realize what a pain in the ass I've been to them.
I go slowly up to my room to be by myself. I miss my sisters. It's Christmas Eve, and I don't have a present for my sisters. I can't buy anything. I can't make dinner. I can't fold paper or sew to make ornaments.
I use my palm to turn on my computer. I do use my hand to start Word and the voice recognition software. Until two in the morning, I write song lyrics for each of my sisters. That's something I've never done before. Writing something to convey a message, and have it rhyme and not sound stupid is hard. Each song has three parts and a chorus. That's a ton of work, and the voice recognition software makes it much harder than it should be. I did improve a lot on editing with voice recognition.
*****
Emma's point of view:
Christmas Eve Dinner was great but less boisterous than in past years. This has been a rough and emotional year. These last eight weeks have been horrendous. There were no free days, and we used all our free time caring for Hal and doing all the things he usually does. It's been years since we shoveled snow, took out the garbage, set the cans out front, did the dishes, and did many other minor things.
We're all worn out, tired, and horny from the sexless house. If we had any free time, we slept. We've had no time for boyfriends.
OH FUCK! I look around the table again. I know who's here, but I repeatedly check as tears roll down my eyes.
Donna stops her fork of pumpkin pie and asks me, "Emma, why the sudden tears?"
She can't talk. That's odd. What could bother her so much on Christmas Eve? She looks at dad's spot at the head of the table. Duh, he... Oh shit. How did we forget Hal? Why didn't he come down? With the two of us now looking, there is a collective, "Oh shit." I couldn't have said it better.
Faith inquires, "What do we do?"
We all look unfairly at Andrea. Her face is a train wreck of emotions. She's troubled by this. She sits and spends a few moments thinking.
With a soft and faltering voice, Andrea says, "He knows we're down here. His legs work just fine. That means he's mad at us. I say fuck him. He can stay up there. I'm worn out. I should be working right now, but they forced me to take some time. They know my story."
I am shocked when Becky talks back to Andrea, "I was last up the stairs, and I don't remember him in front of me. That means we all walked into the house and went straight to bed for a nap before dinner. I know we're all worn out taking care of him and doing his chores. Has anyone ever shoveled snow before? That's hard work. We seven took turns."
Casey follows along, "That means he was down here wanting to spend time with us, and we never even glanced at him."
Faith quips, "I've glanced at enough of some places I never want to see again."
We all giggle.
Gail adds, "Andrea's right. If we go up now, I think that's even more pathetic for him. Do any of us really want to watch him eat another meal?"
I am forceful in my resolve, "He eats with us tomorrow, three meals."
My sisters all nod in agreement.
Andrea asks, "I know that nobody bought presents this year, we have no money. What do we do tomorrow?"
Casey chimes in, "I have two gizmo's for Hal."
I'm excited, "You know, I had no idea you were done with all the graduations and starting work for you three. How does it sound?"
Casey's excited, "I worked with Jeremy. He's such a nice guy."
She stops to think of him and then starts again, "He's been fantastic. He offered a few suggestions to help it sell better. He showed me how others are made so that mine will stack up against other brands. It needed to start faster and allow sound, even when it is turned off.
"He plays with the multiple guitar effects, and it's terrible on some of that super-fast stuff. It seems made for emotions and love songs, something Jeremy struggles with. He did show me how to play a few chords, so I could test it myself. With fast finger work, the slight bleeding of sound was incredible. He had a lot of fun with the bleeding sound device.
"His suggestions were awesome with this device. I had like four settings. He suggested a deal with more flexibility. I made it digital, so it's easier to get the same setting every time. The major retailers want 1,000 of each as soon as a major song uses the devices."
I'm shocked, "Wow. That's a lot of money."
Casey says, "Now that I have a feel for this type of device and how sound works, I have more ideas. I might be able to make my own company specializing in sound modifiers."
Andrea inquires, "Won't we need money to do that?"
Casey chuckles, "Of course. However, my boss has hinted that they might want in on this and would be willing to help fund me."
Becky is swift to reply, "Jeremy recommended against that. I think he suspects a gold mine there. He hinted that he's willing to help. Let's face it, though. For them to want the devices, someone, Hal, needs a hit song using them. He should see some good money from that. Plus, we have three money earners now in one house."
Andrea points out, "You two have student loans; we have a mortgage, no trust fund anymore, and some hospital bills left over. We don't even know if Hal can play still."
I butt in, "Hey, he has been terrific about not using his hands. Not once did I see him do anything they didn't want him doing."
Gail adds, "He was a pain in the ass, but he did follow orders to the T. He wants to play again. I guess he starts in the studio. It won't be much money, but it all helps. I'm OK with letting all his money go towards helping Casey."
I add, "I agree. Casey's gizmos could be big for a long time. She is a potential game-changer for our family. I'm not putting Andrea or Becky down, they will earn good money and should be able to support us while the rest of us get through college, and Hal hopefully does something. The odds for Hal are slim. We need to be realistic."
Gail cuts me off, "I think you underestimate him. He will play again. He may not be the best like he may have been, but even his slow stuff has more emotion than others can do. Even Jeremy can't play like that; he's special. If he makes it big, our lives will never be the same."
Faith is the voice of reason tonight, "Since we don't have any presents, let's make a quick grocery run while they're open. Then let's make cookies tonight and tomorrow."
A sad-looking Andrea comments, "We only have $62.00 left in checking. You better go to that cheap place. Becky gets paid in two days, and I get paid in four."
Casey surprises us, "I got some cash. We'll be good."
Andrea is mad, "How did you get cash? You're not...."
Casey turns red from embarrassment and rage, "NEVER! How dare you! Jeremy gave me some cash just in case. I've had it for a few weeks. He knows we're hurting, and he isn't. I know the porn stars have given all of us cash to help out."
Casey is crying now, "How do we ever pay these people back?"
Faith comforts Casey, "They didn't do this expecting to get paid back. However, if Hal ever records his own album, you know Jeremy will be there. If Hal ever tours, you know those retired porn stars will be on stage getting paid to do what they love and show off on stage. We all know Hal can't dance."
Every sister smiles and agrees.
Faith continues, "They had a blast. He will hire at least some of them." She laughs. "Some of them aren't much better than Hal. The difference is nobody cares how they dance as long as they look that hot."
We all giggle.
I jest, "Could you imagine us hosting a pool party for that group? Within minutes they're all naked and splashing in the water. Hal and Jeremy would be the only men."
Donna smirks, "How about we leave the porn stars out and just invite Jeremy?"
I giggle, "I like that idea. Which one of us does he like?"
Andrea shocks us all, "Hal."
We all scream, "WHAT?!"
Andrea continues, "I heard Lauren say to Jeremy, 'It's a shame a man as good looking as you bats for the other team. All of Hal's sisters and I all want you.' He replies to Lauren after a deep kiss, 'Sorry. You like girls; I like guys. Hal has some nice-looking sisters.' That's all I heard. She locked lips with him. That was back at the hospital."
I am bummed out, "Well, that ruins a perfectly good Christmas Eve. Casey, I'll go with you. We better hurry before they close."
We watched "It's a Wonderful Life" and "The Muppet Christmas Carol," followed by making dozens of Christmas cookies. We stay up until midnight baking, and then it's off to bed.
To be continued...