Penny and Leonard were staring at the laptop.
"That slut!" Penny shrieked. She had stumbled across Bernadette's porn website.
Leonard's thick eyebrows furrowed and he squirmed in his seat. "Yeah-h-h-h, that slut! She's such a slut!" he stuttered.
Penny pointed at him. "How long have you known about this?! Don't you fucking lie! I know you knew about it!"
Leonard recoiled in preparation for the beating he thought he was about to take. "Well, uh, um, not, uh, not long."
"Liar! When were you planning on telling me about it!"
"Well, uh, yeah, you know, soon."
"Balls!" She turned her focus back to the screen.
Leonard gingerly reached out to the laptop and began to close it. "You know, you probably shouldn't dwell on it. So let's just put it away..."
"I will break your fingers if you don't let that go!" Leonard's arm snapped back to his chest. "Hey! Is that...is that Raj and...and Stuart?"
Leonard leaned into the screen, already knowing the answer. "Oh! You know what? Yeah, I think it is. Those bastards!" he said without any conviction.
"Holy crap on a cracker! Look at the cocks on those fuckers! Jesus Christ! Hey...hang on a second." She pointed at the screen. "Is that...is that...it is! That's you! What the fuck?!
"Is it? Oh! Oh yeah. I totally forgot about that. Well, you know, I was in the neighborhood..."
Penny leaned into the screen. "Is that their kitchen? Holy shit, it is! I'm never eating off that table again!" She did a double take and pointed at the screen again. "Holy shit! Is that you again?! What is that? Is that in the park? What the fuck?!"
"Well, you know, Stuart wasn't available that day, so they asked me if I could help out, so, you know..."
"You motherfucker!" She slapped him on the arm. "I'll bet you like those big, fat titties of hers, don't you? I'll bet you love her big, fat titties!"
Leonard shook his head. "Nooooooo, absolutely not. Who would want to be anywhere near those awful things? Nooooo, absolutely not. I like your titties!"Who am I kidding? I like any titties!
"Shut the fuck up! It sure looks like your cock liked those titties since it's cumming all over them! Jesus!" She continued to flip through the various pages and videos.
"Hey, uh, maybe this isn't the time to bring it up, but I'd like to point out that you have sex with other guys and I'm okay with it. Why is this any different?"
"Because you're grateful that I let you sleep in the same bed as me and you want me to be happy!"
He shrugged his shoulders. "You're not wrong."
"I don't see Howard anywhere. I'd think that horny little bastard would be all over this."
"He doesn't know."
Penny's head snapped around. "He doesn't know?!"
Leonard held his hands together. "Please don't tell him," he begged.
"Why doesn't he know?"
"Because she's making a butt load of money off of it and she doesn't want him to know."
Penny's attitude did a total 180. "A butt load of money you say?"
Leonard nodded. "Oh yeah. She said she's making bank."
She placed her hand to her chin. "You don't say? Hmmmmmm. If she can make a butt load, I'll bet I could make double that!"
Leonard's head fell into his hands. "Aww, shit."
"I'm gonna hit that cunt where it hurts!"
Leonard's head shot up. "You're going to hit her in her groin? I don't think violence is going to solve anything."
"No, you idiot!" She paused. "Can you build me a website?"
"Well, uh, yeah, I guess. It's just a matter of figuring out the proper coding, ips, hosting service..."
"Whatever! Just do it. And get me a camera!"
Over the next couple of weeks, Penny took selfies of herself in various stages of undress and various situations -- shower, bedroom, kitchen, laundry room -- where she nearly got caught -- to create content for the website Leonard was building, pennysplayhouse.com. With Leonard's ability to optimize the website searches, traffic quickly began to build. It was time to add some video.
Unlike Bernadette's scripted and planned out videos, Penny's first foray into the genre was going to be more organic. She knew how it was going to start. She had no idea how it was going to end. But she wanted it to be great. She was going to show Bernadette how arealactress does it!
*****
The guys gathered at Stuart's comic book shop, The Comic Center of Pasadena. Besides Stuart and the guys were three other store regulars -- Lonely Larry, Dale, and Captain Sweatpants. While Raj, Howard, and Sheldon rifled through a table of comic books, Leonard nervously played with his new digital camera.
"What's with the camera, dude?" Raj finally asked.
"Huh? Oh, this? Uh, yeah, nothing. No, nothing," Leonard said nervously. Then his phone buzzed. After looking at it, he said, "Uh, yeah, I'm, uh, I'm going to step over here for, uh, a second. Yeah. Um, I'll, uh, I'll be right back." He quickly stepped into the middle of the store and held the camera up.
"What's up with him?" Howard asked.
Sheldon shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know. He's been acting strange all day. His bathroom schedule has been off. Maybe he's having intestinal trouble. Do you think we should take him to the hospital?"
Howard looked up at Sheldon with hisyou're crazylook. "What?"
Suddenly, the front door of the store flew open. Penny came bursting through the door with a flourish. She was wearing the tiniest Wonder Woman costume any of them had ever seen. The star spangled hips were cut high into her midriff, accentuating her long, tan legs. The red and gold strapless top was barely clinging to her nearly completely exposed chest. Her pointing nipples were trying to shred holes in the tight spandex material just below the very top of the leotard. She waved the red cape behind her back and around her shoulders as she walked in.
"Hello, nerds and geeks! Wonder Woman is here to save the day!"
Howard's jaw dropped. "Penny?!"
Raj's eyebrows nearly flew off his head. "Holy shit, dude!"
Leonard watched through the viewfinder quite displeased. Dale, Lonely Larry, and Captain Sweatpants all froze.
"What...what...uh, what's happening?" Stuart asked baffled.
"But...but I thought Wonder Woman was an Amazon with dark hair?" Dale asked.
Sheldon frowned. "I've had that discussion with her on more than one occasion, but she refuses to listen."
Penny shot Sheldon a look. "Shut up, Sheldon." She looked around the room. "Just shut up!" Dale bowed his head.
"Yeah, you nerds! Shut up!" Howard shouted. "Can't you see this vision of loveliness is here to save the day?!"
Penny nodded at Howard. "Thank you, Howard." She continued to wave the cape grandly while she looked into the camera a frowning Leonard was holding. "I'm here to bring joy and happiness to your lives this fine day!"
Stuart was befuddled. "What...what's happening?" He flipped through a binder and muttered, "I didn't have any appearances scheduled today. I can't afford this!"
Howard leaned into Raj and whispered loud enough for all to hear, "I know I'm pretty fuckin' happy right now."
Raj nodded. "Ya dude, me, too!"
Penny turned towards Howard and stared down at him with a crooked grin. "What do you think, Howard? Doesn't this look too big?" she asked, lightly tugging at the material that looked as if was painted on. "It feels too loose, like it's about to fall off."
Howard looked her up and down, mentally undressing her as he went. "Are you kidding? It looks great! It's perfect!"
"I dunno. It's feel too loose," she said. With a tug, the top snapped down until it settled around her waist, fully exposing her upper torso. The air got sucked out of the room as every male gave one huge, collective gasp. "Oops," Penny said playfully with a twinkle in her eyes.
"Holy shit!" Howard exclaimed.
"Dude!" was all a bug-eyed Raj could say.
Penny cupped her perky mounds and gently shook them at Howard. "Oh my goodness, my body armor has fallen," she cooed. "I'm completely exposed. What do you think, Howard? Shall I pull it back up or would you like to give them some protection with your lips first?"
"Say no more!"
"Oh!" Penny squealed when Howard dove his face into her chest. He sucked and nibbled on an erect nipple while his tongue flicked and rolled around it. Her hands went to the back of his head. "Ooooo yeah, baby, that's...OH!" Before she knew it, his hand slipped inside her leotard and was giving her already enraged clit a workout. "Oh shit!" she cried out.Holy shit! Bernadette was right! He does have a magic tongue and hands!He was doing things to her she'd never experienced before. It was as if five sets of hands and mouths were molesting her body. It wasn't even a minute before her knees started to tremble. Howard could feel her heart racing and her muscles twitch. She pulled him in tighter. "Ohmagawd! Yes, that's it! Oh shit, yeah! Right there! Oh fuck!"
The men watched the blue material in her crotch turn from a patriotic blue to a deep, dark blue in amazement.How the fuck is he doing that?!Leonard wondered while he continued to film.
Penny's hips began to buck into Howard's hand. She pulled him tight into her chest. "Oh fuck yeah! That's it, right there! Don't stop! Don't you dare stop! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh ffffuuuuuuggggaaaahhhhh!"
The insides of her thighs quickly became glossy with her juices while her body shivered with an orgasm she hadn't anticipated. The men in the store watched this heavenly vision's body tremble, wishing they could switch places with Howard.
Even as Penny's tremors slowed, Howard continued to abuse her body with gusto. Penny finally pushed his head out of her chest, then grabbed his arm and pulled it out of her suit. "Okay, okay, okay, enough. Stop!"
Howard's face was beaming with pride and joy. He stuck the glistening fingers that were inside her uniform out of sight into his mouth and sucked them clean. "Mmmmmmm," he said with a self-satisfied grin.
Penny gathered her wits and took a deep breath. Ignoring her disdain for Howard and concentrating on paying Bernadette back for fucking her man on film, she moved closer to Howard and placed her hand on his chest and looked into his eyes.
"Such a brave warrior deserves a special reward," she purred while she ran her hand down his concave chest.
Howard looked around the room at the stunned faces. "Boo-ya! Hear that? Huh? This brave warrior is about to get a special reward. Yeah, that's right. All you nerds can suck it!" He looked back at Penny. "So, what's my reward? Huh? Huh? What's my special reward?" he asked in one breath.
Penny dropped to her knees and fumbled with his huge belt buckle. She looked up at him with a wicked grin. "Ohhhhh, I think I can think of something you'll like."
Howard's voice drowned out the sound of his zipper. He placed his hands together and looked towards the heavens. "Thank you! Thank you thank you thank you!"
His pastel blue pants fell down around his ankles, revealing a pair of white, scrawny legs and leopard print silk briefs. Penny bit her lip and choked back a laugh at the sight. She grabbed the waistband and said, "Let's see what you've got hiding in here."
"Oh-ho-ho yeah! Better stand back so it doesn't slap you in the forehead!" Howard boasted.
Penny pulled the band down until Howard's stiff prick jumped out.Penny pursed her lips. Isn't that cute?!she thought to herself. It was the tiniest pole she had ever seen, and she'd seen more than her fair share.Poor Bernadette! I almost forgive her for wanting to fuck every other man. It's good thing he knows how to use his tongue and fingers!But she couldn't let him know that. His underwear fell down around his ankles.
Howard's body shivered when she wrapped her long fingers around it. "Gah!" He moaned.
"Mmmmmm, so big and thick," she whirred as she began to flick her wrist. "Soooo big and hard."
"Oh yeah! I hope you can handle it all!" Howard challenged her with pride.
"Mmmmmm, I'll do my best."
Howard's head flew back when his balls slapped against her chin. "Oh gah!"
Raj's jaw dropped. "Dude! She...she...she has your...thingy in her mouth!"
Howard nodded his head with a wide grin. "I know! She's got my cock in her mouth! Penny's giving me a blow job! Holy shit!"
"You lucky bastard!" Raj said.
"This is bullshit," Leonard muttered under his breath while he filmed the unlikely events.
"What...what's happening?" a bewildered Stuart asked of no one in particular.
Every man was soon rubbing the bulge in the pants watching Penny work on Howard. Howard, for his part, had his hand on the back of Penny's head and was thrusting his hips while he stared down at her.
"Oh yeah. You like that, huh? You like that?" Howard asked. "Oh, you're good. Oh yeah. Bernie always gags. She can't take all of me. Oh yeah. But you? Look at you!" He looked at Leonard. "Damn, dude, she sucks dick like a pro!"
"Fuck you, Howard," Leonard mumbled.
Penny was shocked at the fact Howard didn't explode at the first touch of her lips, let alone not showing any signs of it now. She pulled her face out of his lap and put Raj in her sights. She wiggled her finger at him and softly said, "C'mere, Raj. Bring that caramel coated cock over here."
Raj's eye's bugged out. He pointed at himself. "Who? Me?"
Penny smiled and nodded. "You're the only Raj in here."
"Okay! Ya! Sure!" In a flash, he was standing next to Howard. Penny released Howard from her grip and began to fumble with Raj's pants. Raj looked at his friend. "Holy crap, dude! She...she...she's undoing my pants!"
"I can see that. Hurry it up so she can get back to sucking dick!" Howard said in an annoyed tone.
Before Raj could assist Penny with his pants, they were falling down around his ankles. Penny chose to ignore the boxers covered in hearts that was revealed and instead concentrated on the sizeable bulge inside them.
She grabbed the band of the briefs and said, "Let's see this bad boy." The briefs quickly joined his pants around his ankles. Raj's massive, caramel colored stick flew out at Penny at full song. Her eyes grew wide. "Holy crap on a cracker!" She raised her hand and grabbed the veiny shaft. "It's even bigger in person than in the videos!" It wasn't as big as Leonard, but it was still quite impressive. Impressive enough to want to feel it inside her.
"Videos?! You...you've seen the videos?!" Raj asked in shock.
Penny nodded her head. "Mmmmm hmmmm, ohhhh yeah."
Howard was confused. "Videos? What videos?"
Raj waved a dismissive hand at Howard. "Oh...ya...nothing. There's no...uh..." He looked down at Penny. "Shouldn't you be, you know..."
Penny licked her lips. "Ohhhh yeah."
"Ohmagawd!" Raj hollered when Penny's hot mouth enveloped his thick muscle.
"Oh!! Oh yeah...mmmmmm..." Howard moaned when Penny took him into her hand and began to flick her wrist again.
A few seconds later, Raj's head flew back. "Ohmagawd!" Penny's throat had taken on the shape of his pole. He looked at Leonard behind the camera. "Ohmagawd, dude! She took the whole thing! What a slut! You are one lucky bastard!"
"Yeah, yeah," Leonard said mournfully as he watched his friend's balls bounce off his girlfriend's chin. "Fucker."
Raj placed his hands on the back of her head and began to thrust his hips. "Oooo ya! You like that, you little slut? Ooooo ya, you like sucking my big, caramel cock?"
"Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
Penny alternated sucking Raj's fat flute and Howard's tiny toothpick. She couldn't believe how these nerds hadn't blown their loads yet. And grateful.
After a few minutes, Penny finally released the two men from her grip and stood up. "Now it's time to really get this party started," she said with a wicked glint in her eye. "Raj, get on the floor. Lay down on the floor," she said, pointing at a spot at her feet. While Raj fell to the ground, she slipped her leotard down her long, tan legs, over her red and gold boots, and tossed them to the side. She untied the flowing red cape and tossed it to the side, as well, while she stepped over Raj. "Mmmmmm, I've been waiting for this for a long time," she sighed as she lowered herself down.
"Are you...are we..." Raj stuttered.
"Oh yeah," Penny nodded. "I want your Ken to kiss my Barbie. You're gonna fuck my tight little pussy just like you do that other slut," she hissed, referring to Bernadette.
"Oh, hell yeah!" Raj shouted. Raj knew exactly what she wanted. "Then why don't you bring that tight little pussy down here, huh?"
"Ooohhhh, look at you," Penny smiled.
They both gasped when her hot slit touched his purple tip. He held his rod steady and she reached between her legs and spread herself wide.
Suddenly, the tiny store was filled with two loud moans. They both groaned during her entire slide down until she landed in his lap.
"Ohmagawd! You're so tight!" Raj announced.
"Because you're so fucking huge! Jesus Christ!" she barked.
"This sucks," Leonard muttered behind the camera.
Howard was annoyed at the recent turn of events. "Hey! What the fuck?! What about me and Big Howie?!"
Penny ignored Howard's pet name for his penis and leaned forward until she was on all fours. Her tits dangled precariously above Raj's face. "I think you'll like what I've got planned for you," she said with an evil grin. "Why don't you get behind me?" she nodded.
"Get behind you? Ohmagawd! Really? Seriously?!"
She nodded her head and hummed, "Mmmmhmmmm. I want you to fuck my ass like you own it."
Howard did as asked and landed between Raj's legs. "Never let it be said that Howard Wolowitz has ever denied a woman's request for anal sex!" He held his tiny tool steady and leaned in. A chill ran up Penny's spine when he touched her quivering rosebud. "Ready for rear entry in 3...2...1..."
"Easy now, there, big fella..." Her back arched when he fell balls deep into her. "Fuck!"
"Ha ha!" Howard laughed. "Goddamn that's a tight little ass you've got there, Penny!"
"Holy shit, that feels good," she moaned.
"You ready for this ass to get wrecked?" Howard asked with glee.
She turned to look at him over her shoulder. "Give it your best shot, stud. OH!" she yiped when Howard left a hand print on her heart shaped ass.
"You won't walk for a week! Ha ha!" CRACK! YIPE! "Let the wrecking begin!" Howard gripped her hips, drew back, and threw himself forward as hard as he could.
"Oh BALLS!" Penny barked.How the fuck is he doing that with that tiny little prick?!
Howard and Raj quickly had a nice rhythm going. Raj would swat, lick, and suck her nipples when they raked across his face.
"What...what...what the fuck is happening?!" a bewildered Stuart asked.
Penny rocked back and forth on all fours while Raj and Howard slammed her holes and the men in the store rubbed their crotches. She eventually turned her head and, with a contorted face, said, "Oh fuck! Gah...Shel...Shel...fuck! Sheldon! Bring...bring...grrrrrr! Bring...your...boney...white...ass...over...here!"
A shocked look raced across Sheldon's face. "What?! Why me?"
"Just...just...do it!" she commanded. Sheldon hesitantly slid around the comic book stand he'd been standing behind until he was standing in front of Penny. She tilted her back and looked up at him. "Okay, now...grrrrrrr!" CRACK! YIPE! "FUCK! Grrrrrrrr...now...unzip...your pants."
Sheldon jumped back. "What?! Why would I do that?!"
Penny glared up at him. "Because...because...GAH!" She turned her head and looked down at Raj and over her shoulder at Howard. "Oh! You fuckers are fucking me so hard! Fuck! Don't you fucking stop!" she demanded through a clenched jaw.
"Who...who said anything about stopping?!" Raj said from underneath her.
"Hell yeah, bitch!" Howard said while sweat rolled off his thin face onto her glowing red behind. CRACK! YIPE!
Penny turned her attention back to Sheldon. "Un...unzip...your...pants...and...and...fuck! And pull...out...your...cock!"
"My what?"
"Yourcock!"
"Your penis, Sheldon, your penis," Leonard said from behind the camera with disdain.
"My boy part?! Why would I do that?!"
"Because...because I...want you to...mmmmm...shove it down my throat!"
Sheldon was horrified. He shook his head. "Oh, I don't think so!"
"DO IT!" Penny growled.
"Just do it, Sheldon. You might like it," Leonard said dejectedly.I'm actually encouraging my roommate to have my girlfriend give him a blow job. This sucks!
"I know I did!" Howard said gleefully. CRACK! YIPE!
"Alright! Fine! I'll bend to peer pressure," Sheldon said as he unzipped his pants and let them fall. Everyone couldn't help but notice the huge bulge in in tighty whities. He grabbed the waistband and hesitantly looked around the room before he yanked them down.
His cock sprang from his underwear like a spring loaded jack-in-the-box, firm and straight. It matched his body, long and lean.
Penny's eyes grew wide. "Holy...holy crap on a crack...er, Sheldon!"
"Goddamn, Sheldon!" Howard said with a crooked smile. "She's gonna love that, aren't you, bitch?!" CRACK! YIPE!
Penny's eyes closed.If he wasn't fucking my ass so good, I swear to God, I'd kick his ass!She thought to herself.
Sheldon was panicked at the rooms reaction. "What?! What?! Is something wrong?!"
"Hell, no!" Penny replied. "Now...now...bring it here!" She reached up with one hand and tried to hold it steady while her body rocked back and forth.
Sheldon jumped when she finally wrapped her hot fingers around the long shaft. She pulled him towards her. "Penny! What are you doing?! Do you know how unsanitary that is?!"
Leonard frowned. "Sheldon, knowing you, that'll be the cleanest thing she puts in her mouth all day."
Sheldon considered the comment, not recognizing the hot breath rushing across the tip of his manhood. "Well, that is true. I do have excellent hygiene. And she does put some nasty things in her...OH GOD!" He froze when he felt a woman's mouth around his mast. Her head bobbed back and forth on him, each time taking more and more of him in. He soon became lost in how warm and moist her mouth felt around him and how velvety soft her lips were. He was beginning to understand the attraction.
Howard watched more and more of Sheldon disappear into Penny's face. "C'mon, Penny! If you're gonna give Sheldon his first blow job, do it right!" He placed his hand on the back of her head and shoved it forward.
"Ggggggfffffffkkkkk!" Penny gurgled when Sheldon's nuts bounced off her chin.
Sheldon stood straight up when her throat swallowed him. "Oh God!"
Penny couldn't believe how turned on she was by having Leonard's friends, three nerds, fucking her every hole. Maybe it was because she had of the relationship she had with these men who, up until an hour ago, were only friends. Perhaps it was because she knew her boyfriend was filming it and millions of people were going to see it soon. She wasn't sure. What she was sure of was she felt that old, familiar feeling of twin lightning bolts racing up her thighs. Her hips started to grind into Raj and Howard. They felt her muscles begin to contract around their own. Her suction on Sheldon's pole increased.
"Mmmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmmhmmmm!" she moaned.
Howard gleefully looked down at his best friend's face that was mostly hidden by Penny's fleshy globes. "Feel that, buddy? We're about to make Penny cum like a cheap whore!" he said gleefully. CRACK! SQUEAL!
Howard's face popped out from under Penny. "Ya, dude! She's squeezing me so hard!" He held out his hand and Howard low-fived him.
Howard nodded. "I know! Her ass is like a vise grip!"
"Fuckers," Leonard muttered behind the camera.
The lightning bolts crashed into Penny's aching cunt. "Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmgggggkkkkkffffff!" Penny gagged around Sheldon while a factory full of fireworks exploded inside her.
Howard pumped her ass as hard as he could. "That's right, you whore! Cum for daddy! Show daddy how his little whore cums!" CRACK! SQUEAL!
Sheldon's face was beginning to turn red. "Why...why is she coming? She's already here?"
Howard gave Sheldon his you're a dumbass expression while Penny's body trembled. "No, Sheldon. Not 'come', but 'cum', as in orgasm. She's orgasming like a little bitch! Isn't that right, Penny?!" CRACK! BARK!
The pain of each handprint on her ass cheek mixed with the pleasure of three cocks drilling her only extended Penny's episode. Sheldon stood still, not sure what he was experiencing, while Raj and Howard's thrusts drove Penny forward, swallowing his sword.
Sheldon began to feel things he'd never felt before. Sure, he and Amy had had sex. But that felt completely different than what he was feeling now. Sex with Amy was very mechanical, structured, and sterile. What was happening here was the exact opposite of that. He went against everything he stood for.
Penny could feel his long cock throb deep in her throat. She knew he was close. A combination of saliva and precum were bubbling out between her lips and his rod.
"Penny...Penny...Penny! I feel strange! I...I feel like I'm going to burst!" he said in a panic.
"What...what...what the hell is happening?!" Stuart asked loudly, still in disbelief Penny was on all fours in the middle of his store getting plowed by his friends.
"Hell yeah! Give it to her, Sheldon! Give it to her!" Howard cheered.
Sheldon was confused and panicked at the same time. "Give...give her what?!"
"You're cum, dumbass! Give it to her! Shoot it down her throat!"
"My...my 'c-c-cum'? I...I...oh! Oh dear Lord! Oh my Lord!" Sheldon's body went stiff as a board when he exploded inside Penny.
She felt his warm, sticky jizz empty into her face. So much cum! she thought to herself as she gulped and gulped. This fucker needs to start jerking off! She couldn't keep up with the volume. The excess slipped through her lips and fell onto the floor just above Raj's head, forming a white puddle.
Penny finally released him from the grip of her mouth. His still stiff pole bounced when it emerged. "Oh dear Lord! That...that was quite interesting!" He paused. "I need a bathroom to wash this off!" The men watched him race to the back of the store. The bathroom door slammed behind him.
Penny spun her head from Raj to Howard. "Come on, you fuckers! Give it to me! I wanna feel your hot cum fill me up! Come on, you fuckers!" She turned her head and spied Captain Sweatpants. "I'll bet you've got something for me, don't you, hero? Bring it over here! Give it to me now!"
Without a word, Captain stepped in front of her and ripped down his gray sweatpants. A hard, thick weapon shot out from underneath his Captain America t-shirt and sizeable belly. In one quick, smooth motion, Penny reached up, pulled him forward, and swallowed him.
The Captain's body shuddered. "Gah!" His hands went to the back of her head and his hips began to slowly thrust. "Holy moly! This feels incredible!"
Howard nodded, sweat rolling off his face onto Penny's hard ass. "Oh, hell yeah! She sucks dick like a pro! Isn't that right, Leonard?!" CRACK! SQUEAL!
"Fuck you, Howard," Leonard grumbled under his breath, still filming every thrust.
Raj's head popped out from under Penny. "Dude! I...I don't know how much...much longer I can last!"
Howard nodded. "Me, too, buddy! Me, too! Let's pump this bitch full!"
"Ya! Let's do it!"
The two men threw their hips as hard and fast as they possibly could.
Raj's body tensed. "Ooooo ya! Oooo ya! Oh ya! Take my seed, you American she-devil! Oh gggggaaaaaaaa!" His fingers dug into her ass. She felt his hot spunk fill her with every throb of his huge hose.
Howard's hips began to stutter. He dug his claws into her hips. "Wolowitz...ready...for...rear...entry! Cumming in 3...2...1... blast off!"
She was shocked she could feel his tiny prick pulse in her ass. She squeezed her sphincter as tight as she could, wanting to squeeze every drop of spunk out of him as she could.
When Howard felt like he was satisfied, his hips stopped thrusting. "Boo-ya!" He shouted. "Take that, biatch!" CRACK! YIPE!
Penny snapped her head back. Captain America fell out of her mouth and she swiveled her head around. "Goddammit! Get off me!"
Howard smiled, lifted his hands high in the air, and slid back. A stream of white followed him and ran down the inside of her thigh. "Ha ha! Now that you've gotten a little taste of Howardinator, you'll never be the same," he said confidently. He looked back at Leonard. "Sorry, buddy, I just ruined her."
Leonard's head popped out from behind the viewfinder. "Fuck you, Howard."
Penny glared at him. "I swear to God, if you slap my ass one more time, I'll break your hand off and feed it to you!"
"Ha!" Howard laughed as he zipped his pants up. "Is she always like that after sex, Leonard?"
"Fuck you, Howard."
She lifted her leg and Raj rolled out from under her. "Th...th...thank you, uh, Penny," he said timidly."
She smiled back at him. "Mmmmm, thank you, Sweetie." She turned her head around. "Stuart! Bring that Adonis cock of yours over here!"
The words startled Stuart. His heart stopped. He was shocked. "Who? Me?"
"Yeah! I saw that fucking cock of yours on those videos! Made me wet as hell! Now get over here!"
Howard looked at his friends standing on either side of him. "What's this video she's talking about? She keeps talking about seeing you guys on video. Are you guys sexting with her or something? Are you fuckers holding out on me? Because, if you fuckers have her phone number and didn't share it with me..."
Raj shook his head. "No no, nothing like that. I...I...I don't know what she's talking about."
He just fucked my girlfriend. Should I tell him we've been bangin' his wife every chance we get? Nah. She might cut us off!Leonard shrugged his shoulders. "I have no idea what she's talking about. She gets like that when she's horny sometimes, just starts talking nonsense."
Howard gave him a crooked smile. "You lucky bastard."
By this time, Stuart was standing next to Penny who was still on all fours. She nodded at him. "C'mon, let's see it. Let's see that bad boy."
"Oh! Uh, yeah, sure, okay." In a matter of seconds, Stuart's work of art fell out of his pants.
Penny's jaw dropped. "Ho-ly shit!" It looked like the God's had sculpted it out of the purest granite and the finest artist had painted on the veins. Unlike his pasty white skin, the coloring of his member was picture perfect. And the size and girth were perfect. "Ohmagawd," she panted. "Get down here on the floor and fuck me with that bad boy...right now!"
It was a dream come true for Stuart. "Oh! Uh, sure, yes, ma'am!"
Stuart rolled under Penny. She glanced up at Captain Sweatpants and held up a finger. "Gimme one second, big fella, so I can slip this fat fucker in." She looked between her legs. Stuart gasped when she wrapped her long, thin fingers around his veiny shaft. She could feel his heart race in the palm of her hand. It was rock hard and thick. "Wow," she sighed. She paused and bit her lip when the tip of his hammer touch her soaked slit. Stuart squeaked. His eyes bounced from her determined face to his manhood in her hand, back and forth. Her eyes closed when his bulbous head slipped through her velvety folds. "Ohmagawd," she said breathlessly.
"Oh God," Stuart gasped. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh God!" he groaned while she slip down his pole.
"Ohhhhhhhhh fuuuuuuuuck!" she growled during the slide. She paused and took a deep breath when she landed in his lap. "Motherfuck," she puffed.
Stuart peaked out around her hips at his friends. "Holy crap, guys! Look at that! I...I'm inside Penny!" She felt like warm velvet wrapped around him. He could die a happy man now.
"Way to go, dude!" Raj cheered.
"Fuck that bitch!" Howard implored.
Leonard frowned. "Fuck you, Stuart."
Penny looked down at Stuart with a crooked grin. Her eyes had a wicked glint. "You feel fucking amazing, Stuart. Now fuck my pussy like you own it."
"Yes! Sure! Absolutely!"
She grabbed Captain Sweatpants' bouncing tool again. "Bring that back over here, big boy."
"Oh God!" he yelped when she swallowed him whole.
Once again she was on all fours. She was grinding into Stuart's lap while he nibbled on her erect nipples and threw her into the air with his hips. The Captain held her head still while he thrust his hips and stabbed her brain.
Howard looked at Lonely Larry and Dale off to the side watching in amazement and rubbing their crotches. "Well? What the fuck are you nerds waiting for?" He pointed at Penny's bouncing ass. "There's a hole there that needs attention!"
The words snapped the two out of their daze. Lonely Larry elbowed Dale and stepped forward, peeling his ill-fitting mustard colored blazer off as he went.
Leonard clenched his jaw. "This is bullshit," he growled. He stepped forward just as Larry got to him, grabbed his shoulder and threw Larry stumbling backwards. Leonard's eyes were slits. "Step the fuck back!" he hissed. He shoved the camera into Raj's chest. "Here, take this." He unzipped his pants as he stomped towards the writhing bodies on the floor. "You wanna be a whore? I'll treat you like a fucking whore!"
The words got Penny's attention. The Captain fell out of her mouth again when she snapped her head around in time to see Leonard's massive meat fall out of his pants. "Ooooo, yeah! Are you gonna fuck me, huh? Are you gonna fuck my ass with that big fucking co..." Her head flew back and her back arched. "Oh FUCK!" Although her ass was well lubricated with Howard's spunk, Leonard driving his huge wedge past her quivering sphincter felt like a Mack truck just drove into her ass. "Oh, you motherfucker!" she howled.
Leonard glared at her. "You wanna be a fucking whore? I'll treat you like a fucking whore!"
"Oh yeah, baby! Treat me like your personal whore," she purred.
He grabbed her long blonde hair, snapped her head around, and shoved her back onto the Captain's pole. "Suck that dick, you fucking cunt!" He pulled her head back and forth several times. He looked up at the Captain's stunned face. "I want you to fuck her face like you would a cheap cunt! Got it?!"
The Captain nervously nodded his head. "Uh, yeah, sure. You got it!"
Penny gave two loud, muffled grunts when Leonard reared back and threw himself forward twice. He grabbed her hair and shoved it forward again. "Fucking cunt!" CRACK! BARK!
*****
For three hours, the men took turns with her multiple times. Every man in that store fucked her every hole with glee and gusto. Dreams came true that day. She was true to her word. She brought joy and happiness to their lives this fine day.
*****
When every body in the building had given their all, Penny finally stood up. She used the comic book display stand to aid in her rise. Her knees wobbled. She looked around the store. Bodies were strewn across the floor in various states of dress. It looked like a sexual battleground.
"Leonard. Leonard!" She kicked Leonard's crumpled body at her feet. He grunted and opened his eyes. "Leonard! Let's get outta here before these fuckers get a second wind. Or third? Fourth? Whatever. Let's get outta here."
He nodded groggily. "Yeah. Right. Sure." He used the same cabinet as Penny had used to bring himself to her feet.
She mustered up the strength to step away from the cabinet that had been propping her up. She stepped over Captain Sweatpants and Dale and picked up her discarded uniform and cape. She held them up, then looked down at her sweaty, cum-covered body. "Fuck it," she muttered. She wrapped the cape around her torso and balled the uniform up. She held out her hand to Leonard and said, "C'mon, let's go home, Sweetie."
He nodded and took her hand. "Good diea."
As they walked out the door, she said, "That should make some really good clips for the website, huh?"
He shrugged his shoulders. "Yeah, I guess."
"Can you edit those for me, Sweetie? And get them on the website tonight?"
"Tonight?!" She nodded her head. He couldn't say no to her. "Sure, I guess. I'm pretty tired. It's probably going to take all night," hinting that he'd like to put it off until tomorrow. Or the next day. Or never.
Penny ignored his tone. "Great! The more traffic we get, the more money I make! Thanks, Sweetie!"
"Yeah. Okay. Whatever."
"Maybe we should just put one or two clips on at a time. You know, like, as teasers. We've got, what, like, 4 hours of video? We can cut that into a bunch of clips!"
"Yeah. Sure. Uh huh."Oh good. The whole world is going to see a bunch of guys gang banging my girlfriend in a series of short clips. Great. Awesome.
"Awesome! I'll show that big titted bitch how it's done! And make a fortune at the same time. I'm gonna be rich!"
Leonard frowned. "Yeah. That's great. Yippee."