Isabella laid naked and exposed, her hips aching to thrust towards the man holding her in place. Beads of sweat trickled down her face and wetness soaked her pussy.
Damien gazed at the girl's well-oiled breasts and thighs, pressing her center down against the bed. He enjoyed watching her writhe in horny desperation. Her cries and moans for more rang out in a beautiful symphony. He loved this aspect of his work. He found immense pleasure in her vulnerability. As she laid with her private pink parts on display, he resolved to tease her further.
Isabella's body shuddered as the man's fingers slipped away from her hips and down her thighs. He then paused and pressed his hands back up her body, spreading her legs open and revealing a set of perfect pink lips at her center. The musky-sweet scent of her honey pot filled the room. Hands between her legs and near her sweet wetness, the man paused again. Isabella became increasingly aware of his breath on her pussy. Kneading her thighs, his hands edged closer to her throbbing sex. Isabella had never been touched like this before, with such smooth and calculated movements. Her body had never been taken advantage of in this way. Allowing her private holes to be exposed, her mind pleaded for a touch or a lick or a rub. Her knees began shaking, and his grip strengthened against her thighs.
"Say please Miss Bella," Damien spoke softly. He blew hot air onto her puffy pinkness as he spoke.
Isabella's body erupted in moaning and cries.
"Miss Bella, say please." This time Damien's voice was cool and resolute.
"Oh please, ooh ooh, I need you to li li lick me. Pleeeeeease!" Isabella whined.
"With pleasure my little slut."
Damien salivated, he loved the taste of a beautiful woman's center. He looked at the pink folds glistening with wetness and he licked long and slow, finding pleasure in the sound of Isabella's violent response. Her legs pressed against his stable body, toes curling, hands grabbing at the painful nipples on her chest, back arching. Damien continued, spinning circles around her clit, sucking and spitting. He slid his hands under her petite frame, firmly grabbing her full bottom in his big hands, plunging his tongue deep into her tight little hole. He tongue fucked her pulsing cunt with immense satisfaction.
"Fuck! Fuck!" Isabella exclaimed in joy as her masseuse penetrated her.
Isabella's body became ferociously tense in anticipation of her release.
Damien stopped.
Her legs kicked against the bed involuntarily.
He smiled, knowing he had complete control over the innocent woman's body.
"You really are a good girl, letting me lick your pussy." His finger traveled to her anus as he spoke. He started spinning soft circles around her bum. "But I think I deserve a little compensation for my kindness to your precious little pussy."
Isabella laid tense and still. Foggy and nervous. She feared his request.
"I have a nice fat cock and I would enjoy it, if you opened your swollen pink lips for me and sucked."
Her heart pounded in anticipation. Still blindfolded, she opened her mouth, submitting to his will.
Damien felt his cock throb as he neared her lips. He gently grasped her blond hair and guided her mouth towards the tip. He stopped just before her mouth as precum dripped from his tip, Damien then circled his cock on her swollen lips. Warm precum spread smoothly across her puffy lips. A sigh of pleasure followed his action. Next, Damien pressed his cock to her opening. His cock imposed against Isabella's lips and tongue. She became excited by the hardness entering her mouth, opening wide to accommodate his girth.
Isabella had spent weeks dreaming of a cock touching her body and finally she could enjoy it. She sucked the tip enthusiastically, hoping he would present her with more.
Damien groaned with pleasure.
"I didn't know you were such a little whore." He groaned again and pressed himself deeper as she sucked.
Isabella sucked harder and faster.
He pressed deeper, feeling her soft throat massage his tip.
She gagged and Damien relented momentarily, only to press again a moment later.
Damien watched in ecstasy as the shy blonde sucked and choked. His cock began to pulse in her mouth; Isabella moaned, hoping he would fill her with his seed.
"Good girl, you like being a little slut. Don't you? I bet you want me to fill your sexy little mouth with cum."
The girl moaned on his cock and continued to suck. He grasped her hair and gently pulled her back.
"I won't fill you up just yet, but you're being very good. Aren't you?" Damien spoke with a smirk that spread to a smile across his face.
Isabella could feel his devious energy. She felt a slave to his will, existing only to obey.
"Those round hips of yours are still tight, yes?" Damien continued.
Isabella nodded in reply. Her legs spread open again. Her hands grasped at her thighs and she squeezed in agony.
"Miss Bella, the appropriate reply would be yes sir."
"Yesss, sir" Her hips rose again and his hand slammed them back onto the bed with a forceful bang. The restraint heightened her neediness for him.
"Be a good girl. Lay still."
She could not lay still. She needed him.
The man walked away and the creaking of a chest soon filled the room. Isabella felt a chill shock through her body as the clinking of metal filled the room. Her breath quickened. Suddenly, her body laid completely still in fear and arousal. Soft cuffs embraced her ankles. Then the metal clinked again. She felt her legs rise steadily upwards and several more clinks. The hooks secured to the wall at the head of the bed suddenly made sense, they were for restraint.
Isabella's laid with her legs forced apart and stretched behind her head. Her little shaved pussy and bum were entirely exposed to her masseuse. She could feel her wetness drip down her slit to her little asshole. Shy again, Isabella attempted to cover herself with her small hands.
"Miss Bella, do not make me angry." Damien warned.
Isabella's hands remained in place, hiding her pussy and bum. Blindfolded and naked.
A smacking noise erupted in the air and Isabella felt a stinging on her hands.
"Miss Bella, I want you to place your hands at your sides or I will tie them up. I want those beautiful bare holes on display. Let me enjoy that whorish figure of yours."
Isabella submitted.
Damien's tongue began to play with Isabella's wetness. Isabella braced for orgasm, feeling an intense pressure spread across her pelvis.
Damien's tongue suddenly slipped lower. He gently licked in circles around her puckered ass.
Isabella gasped. She loved it. Her legs kicked against the restraints. She ached to cum. Her moans turned to screams and she loved it.
Damien paused again. Isabella's legs kicked. The restraints chimed. She wanted him urgently.
Several moments passed. Then, Isabella felt a firm mass pressed against her clit, rubbing back and forth.
"Yeeesss!" Isabella squealed. She had waited for this moment. She wanted his heavy cock deep inside. She begged for him to spread her lips.
Damien continued massaging his tip against her wet clit. He watched as his little toy enjoyed his thick cock.
"Please, please please!" Isabella panted in pathetic desperation. Her legs started shaking violently against the restraints.
"Be a good girl and quiet down, my next clients might get jealous when they hear you." Damien gently instructed.
Isabella slapped her hand over her mouth and continued to moan into it. The reality sunk in that people could hear her, and they would know what this man was doing to her body. She felt humiliated by her body's needs.
Damien pulled away a moment.
Finally, he placed his tip at her pulsing entrance. Isabella whimpered. He pressed in.
Isabella fell silent, her mouth opened wide. She felt as though her body may tear apart as her pussy stretched open for his girthy cock. She felt full.
Damien enjoyed her pussy. She was tight and wet and he could tell she was about to cum. Initially, Damien thrust with slow and deliberate movements. He pressed just deep enough to massage her g-spot. Then, he started to build his pace as Isabella's body responded to his cock. He positioned himself perfectly to have his cock hit her a-spot as he thrust powerfully into her center. Next, he quickened his stroke and used her pussy as a toy, massaging his fat dick.
Isabella's eyes remained covered as the man fucked her.
Her mouth opened wide.
Her eyes rolled back.
Her back arched.
She felt lost in the build.
A forceful wave crashed against Isabella's body and her cum exploded.
She screamed and moaned and kicked and her nails dug into her thighs. She fought fiercely against her restraints. She came with formidable power. The waves crashed over and over. Over and over.
Damien fucked her hard as she came. He slammed his cock deep inside and enjoyed her slippery hole. He edged towards his cum. He grunted as he thrust. He lost himself in the moment, succumbing to his animalistic instincts.
As the girl's body started to relax, Damien continued to fuck her swollen pussy.
"I am going to cum in your little asshole, since you were such a good girl." Damien groaned. He then pulled out his sopping wet cock, and pushed into her lubricated ass. Damian sighed in euphoric pleasure as he filled her ass with hot cum.
Isabella whimpered, overwhelmed by her cum and his. She had never known such arousal and release. Her heart pounded and her body laid depleted of all energy.
After a few moments, the girl felt her legs released and the cuffs removed. A warm heavy blanket was placed over her body and Isabella slipped into sleep.
A while later, Isabella was awoken by a petite woman with a name tag reading Anne. The woman seemed unphased to see Isabella's naked body as she offered her a robe. Anne escorted Isabella to a room with showers. On arrival, Anne started the shower for Isabella and took her robe. Anne observed with a soft smile, while Isabella showered.
Isabella washed herself, feeling a little embarrassed as Anne stared at her body.
When Isabella finished, Anne took a warm white towel and began drying Isabella's naked parts. Anne smelled of roses as she meticulously dried Isabella's perky breasts, stomach and then her swollen pussy. After she finished drying Isabella's entire body, Anne provided Isabella with a fresh pair of panties.
Putting on the provided white g-string, Isabella noticed an embroidering reading, "Damian's slut." It all started to feel like a fucked up dream.
Anne spoke, "I need a picture."
"Um... Pardon me?" Isabella responded.
"Damian requests photos of all his clients in the nude, it aids him in developing a holistic care plan. Stand against the wall. Hands at your sides." Anne's voice was soft, yet incredibly assertive.
Isabella obeyed and stood against the wall wearing only a tiny g-string. Her nipples became erect as she stood bare for Anne, hands at her sides.
"Good girl. It sounded like you really enjoyed your service" Anne spoke as she took the photo.
Isabella was then permitted to dress and Anne ushered her back to the reception area.
She walked into the reception area, knees shaking. Damien stood smiling at the doorway.
"I will expect you back next week at the same time. Don't be late."
Flustered, Isabella blushed, nodded, and ran out the door.