The sun hit my face. It was a most unwelcome feeling.
My mouth was dry and tasted terrible. My head was throbbing. My stomach grumbled unhappy that I was still alive and intent on punishing me for it.
I was naked from the waist down. Katelyn was also bottomless and using me as a full body pillow. Her arm was across my chest and her bare leg was draped over my midsection. Her well-defined calf muscle soft against my hungover morning wood.
My bladder ached angrily wishing to expel the leftover alcohol from last night. I considered just pushing it out right there. I could go back to sleep sitting in the warm wetness. I wasn't entirely certain how Kate would take that but given the events of last night and the preceding weeks it was a pretty good bet she would be just fine with it.
Visions of the previous night flashed in my throbbing head - the toast with my friends, the girl peeing in the sink, the lapdance and my interrupted race to the toilet, blurry cigars on the roof and even blurrier sex.
I rubbed my eyes and pried myself from under Katelyn sitting up. She stirred a bit, but wasn't fully conscious. Without my body to wrap herself around, she groggily snatched a pillow and replaced me.
The room was spinning as I sat up in the bed. My head was throbbing with each pump of blood. I willed myself to stand up. I crossed the room carefully. Each step was killing my head. I stepped gingerly over discarded bedsheets and found my basketball shorts. I didn't bother with underwear. I just needed this foul taste out of my mouth.
I stepped out into the hallway and turned right into the bathroom. I reached for my toothbrush. It wasn't there. Blurry memories came back to me again of the hot redhead straddling my sink. I looked down to see my toothbrush sitting on the floor behind my toilet. I settled on swishing with mouthwash.
I stepped over to the toilet and placed my right hand on the wall. My other hand pointed my morning wood downward. After a small push, my pee started flowing. Thankfully it came out in a single unbroken stream. I softened as I drained, and when I was finished I was able to easily place myself back into my shorts.
I flushed and turned to walk out of the bathroom. "Not gonna wash your hands?" The memory of the redhead asked me. This time I did. I splashed some water on my face for good measure. I needed a shower. My hair looked like shit.
I stepped into the front room to see a disaster zone. There were bottles and red solo cups stacked on every empty surface. There was a new stain on one couch and most surprisingly Emily and Kumail curled up together on the other couch. Michelle was nowhere to be seen.
Both of them were still wearing their togas. Emily was lying on her side, the small spoon to Kumail's big spoon. She was deep asleep with drool dripping out of the corner of her mouth. Her toga had bunched up around her waist. There was no trace of underwear hugging her hips. Had I been any less hungover, curiosity probably would have gotten the better of me and I would have begun cleaning up for an excuse to get a better view.
I yawned and considered how interesting the gossip would be over the coming days. I turned and reentered my room.
Katelyn was going through the same process as I had moments before. She was sitting on the edge of my bed rubbing her eyes wearing my black oversized hoodie.
"I guess we all got after it a little bit last night." I remarked quietly. Kate nodded, yawning.
"Yeah, I had lots of fun... maybe too much"
"Maybe not as much as Emily." I said, gesturing over my shoulder with my thumb.
"Oh is Emily still here? That's surprising. I figured she would have walked back with Ash." She fumbled with her phone to check and ensure Ashley had made it home last night. "I thought they left together."
"Guess not. It seems she made a friend and decided to stay."
Katelyn's eyes got wide and she sprung up fully awake. Her balance didn't follow with her. She stumbled past me clumsily on her way to the front room. Each time she braced against a wall, it pulled my hoodie up slightly, revealing her butt cheeks.
She stopped at the threshold to the front room and both of her hands went to her mouth. She stared for a moment and then quietly approached Emily. I followed behind silently, not wanting to be the one to wake the sleeping couple. She bent over at Emily's legs sighed and pulled at her toga giving her a modicum of decency.
She walked back towards me and mouthed "that was close" as she brushed by me into the bathroom. I turned into my room and sat on the corner of my bed.
Moments later Kate walked in looking a bit more fresh. She approached me and stepped over my legs, straddling my lap. My throbbing head buried into her hoodie-covered breasts. She put her arms over my shoulders in an embrace. Her pussy was warm and damp through my shorts. It was so cozy but we didn't stay locked that way for long; my curiosity got the better of me. I broke our embrace and leaned back on my hands. Her hands on my shoulders lifted the hoodie enough that I could see the blue gem in her piercing resting on my grey shorts.
"What do you mean? What was close?"
Katelyn scoffed. "Right. Like you don't remember." She remarked while rolling her eyes. She gave me a playful shove with both hands. It was light but it was enough to convince me to drop to my elbows. My half laying state pushed my hips up into her slightly, increasing the pressure between our sensitive parts. The feeling of her straddling me made me swell.
I truly couldn't remember though. "I don't. Can you fill me in?"
She gave me a suspicious smile. "I know your games. You're just trying to get me to tell you a dirty story while grinding on you." She gyrated her hips demonstrating what she meant. I bucked my hips into her. I was nursing a massive hangover but morning sex could certainly do a lot to kickstart my day.
"I'm pretty sure you'll grind on me anyway if I just ask, but I feel like I'm missing out on something big here."
"You really don't know." Surprise crept into her voice. "What do you remember from truth or dare?"
The color rose in my cheeks and my cock further stiffened at the memory. I began to say "Ashley.." when she abruptly stopped me.
"No. After that. This was after we had our fun." She leaned over placing her right hand on my chest and lifted her hips. With her left she reached under my waistband and adjusted my shaft so that it was facing up. Her hand lingered on the head of my penis. She lowered her hips slightly and brought my dick into contact with her sex through my shorts. Her hand was cool in contrast to the heat radiating from her pussy.
"Honestly the night is a little bit of a blur after that."
She locked eyes with me and applied upward pressure on the head of my dick with her fingertips, pushing me into her slightly. I would have penetrated if I weren't blocked by the fabric of my shorts.
"Hey, don't change the subject." I protested. I couldn't tell if she was unbearably horny or just trying to distract me. With Katelyn, there was also never any way to rule out the possibility it was both.
"After we finished in here, we re-tied our togas and walked back out to the group."
My eyes fell over to my waste basket. Her old balled up purple diaper was sitting on a stack of papers. "I do remember you put on another pull-up."
"I was pretty glad to see you still had those." She stopped applying pressure on my dick with her hand and sat up straight.
"You wore a diaper here last night." I observed.
"Yes I did. I figured it would be handy for the party." She paused in thought.
"Do I remember you saying your friends knew you were wearing one?"
She blushed. Her eyes darted away from mine. "Not exactly. Well that's not exactly the whole story anyway."
She visibly gathered her composure and then continued. "So we got dressed, and headed back to the group. Kumail had wandered off while we were gone and the room had mostly cleared leaving Ashley and Emily sitting alone together."
"I seem to recall there being some tension between them last night.
"It's a little more than just tension. They don't really get along in general. They've been at it all week, and I'm sure Ashley wanted to get back at me for my make out dare." She smiled down at me mischievously. "But I would have thought she at least would show some gratitude for the lap dance suggestion."
My dick involuntarily flexed, remembering Ash's "lap dance" that quickly turned into a blatant dry-humping show. Katelyn felt this and did her best to mimic Ash's gyrating movements on my lap from the night before.
"Hey, I seem to remember you enjoying yourself too." I poked an accusatory finger into her mound.
She tilted her head. "What can I say? Ash is hot enough that you almost came in front of everyone. I'm allowed to have my little fun too."
Her hips stopped moving, as if she needed to gather her thoughts. "Anyway I picked Truth. Ashley was obviously still pretty horny and probably saw her question as a good way to tease you more. I'm sure she also saw it as a way to get back at me and possibly embarrass Em."
"What did she ask?"
"Well if you really don't remember, I should probably give you a little background first..."
She dismounted me and took a seat in the middle of the bed cross-legged. My hoodie fell between her legs hiding her pussy. My dick ached for more realizing that story time probably wouldn't be as stimulating as she had originally promised. I sat up and scooted back so that I could lean against the wall. She remained silent, looking anywhere but at me until I broke the silence.
"You actually look embarrassed! What happened last night?"
"Well I'll get to that." She put both her hands on her knees, took a deep breath and exhaled heavily as if preparing herself. "Last Monday was my first day back at the conditioning room, right?"
"Right. You told me."
"Well you know how I get after a hard workout. It gets my blood moving. And it had been a few days for me since I had gotten off. I had spent the entire weekend buried in make up work. So I left the fitness center wound pretty tightly.
"There's also..." she paused, hesitant to continue, "well I guess it's no secret anymore. The car ride had been on my mind." Her voice was shaky and the color began to rise in her cheeks. "When I got back on Sunday night, the very first thing I did after my parents left was walk down to the store. I restocked on panty liners for my cough." She looked over at my waste basket. "I also bought diapers. I don't even know why! Something came over me and I just did. I was in the store and I just grabbed the first ones I could find. I was a little ashamed and it didn't make sense to me. I walked all the way back to my dorm room carrying them in those thin grocery bags that you can see right through."
"And you were afraid someone would see you?"
"A bit. My legs were definitely a bit shaky." This was so different from the confidence she had projected at the QuickTrip. "But I reasoned that if anyone saw me they would just assume that I had bought them for a baby or something.
"Anyway, I got them all the way back to my dorm and it dawned on me that Emily might have questions so I shoved them in my dresser underneath my panties before she could really see what they were. I'm sure she just thought I was storing a spare pack of liners or tampons or something.
"I kind of forgot about them after that. I caught up with Emily that night, and started getting buried in class work the next day. My professors really didn't give me any leeway in my workload even though I was out sick.
"But that brings me back to last Monday. I was walking back from the fitness center and I was so goddamn horny. Oh babe it was so bad. I was soaking through my panties. I'm sure it mostly just looked like sweat, but I was wet enough it was showing through my shorts. You would have loved it."
It's true. My dick had been taking a break while we settled into the story, but it was now stirring again. I put my hand down the front of my pants and began lightly teasing my sensitive parts. "You're not wrong." I encouraged her.
She smiled at this development. She loved to give me a show.
"I'll admit - I was thinking a lot on the way back to my dorm about the car ride." She blushed fully. "About the way you popped in your pants after I barely touched you... the way I couldn't even control my own body.... Every few steps I could get my piercing to move just right against my clit. I imagined other people on the walk looking at me. I imagined other guys seeing the wetness on my shorts and going back to their own dorms and masturbating over the thought of me. I thought about other girls seeing me and their own bodies reacting leaving them confused as to why they were getting turned on."
I took the hint. I shifted my weight and pulled my own shorts down revealing my swelling cock for her. As I leaned against the wall it rested belly-up on my shirt. I ran a finger up and down my shaft lightly, paying attention to the particularly soft sensitive part at my frenulum. She nodded approval at me.
"I stopped and touched myself through my shorts a fee times when nobody was looking. By the time I got home my shorts were in a state.
"I had the room to myself. Emily has her chem lab on Mondays, so I knew I had at least some time to work with. I looked at myself in the mirror over my dresser. I expected I would be wet, but I didn't expect to be that wet. I had soaked entirely though my grey bike shorts. I was still a little sweaty from conditioning, but I don't typically sweat so much right there. It reminded me of that time in proofs!" she giggled.
I was now lightly stroking my cock with my right hand. She leaned back, letting my hoodie creep up along her stomach, revealing her swollen vulva. Her right fingers began lightly teasing herself as she watched me watching her.
"So that's when I remembered what I had in my drawer. My body made the decision for me pretty quickly and I immediately got super nervous. My stomach was turning over itself. My legs were shaky as I walked to my dresser. I took one last look at myself in the mirror - my face was flushed and my cheeks were bright red. I felt like I was being pulled; like there was a string tied around my piercing and something was pulling it directing me what to do. Nothing was going to satisfy me until I did this thing but I was also so so scared to do it.
"I dug the pack out of my drawer and just stood there holding it in disbelief for a minute. I couldn't believe what I was doing. It was like when you're getting into a cold pool. You just have to jump in. So I ripped open the pack and pulled one out. I tossed the pack aside, stripped off my workout clothes and put it on. It was a lot bigger than the ones you had gotten, but still felt pretty snug. There was more cushioning against my mound. I think they might have been made for overnight... I put that black skirt on over it and my black tank workout top.
"I felt instantly more comfortable with it once I had my clothes on. I knew what I wanted. I needed to pee a little bit, but it wasn't desperation I was looking for. I wanted to be out of control again. I wanted to feel helpless. I needed that panic I felt on the car ride."
She was leaning fully back on her left elbow. Her legs were still crossed leaving me open to watch her. Her right palm was resting on her mound. Her index and ring fingers were straddling her piercing moving them up and down. Her breath was quickening as she continued her story.
"I chugged what was left in my nalgene and headed for the kitchen. I was passing people in the hall. I felt so sexy. I had a secret but every time someone looked at me I was wondering if they had any idea what I was wearing.
"A couple of people were making dinner in the kitchen when I got there. I had to wait for the sink, and standing still and waiting was absolute torture. My pussy was throbbing. I leaned up against the edge of the counter while I waited for them to finish. I actually considered just saying 'fuck it' right there and going up on my toes to grind my clit into it.
"Luckily though they finished up pretty quickly so it never came to that. I don't really need that kind of reputation around the dorm." We exchanged a smile. We both knew she kind of already had that reputation. "I filled my Nalgene and chugged, then filled it again. I was pretty sure it would be enough.
"I quickly went back to my room and slipped on my flip-flops. I left out of the back of my dorm.
"It was dusk and campus was relatively quiet. It was a little too cool out for my outfit, but my pussy felt warm and snug. I quickly made my way to the student union. Outside it was cold and quiet, but inside it was bustling. I hadn't brought my purse so I couldn't buy any food but I weaved my way through the crowd looking for a place to sit. Every time I brushed past someone electricity shot though me. I was scared someone would notice. I was scared my skirt would flip up and someone would see. But part of me kind of wanted it to happen. It would be mortifying but the thought of it was making me drip.
"I found one of those cushiony benches around the perimeter of the dining hall. My skirt was pretty short so when I sat down it only came up to about here." Her hand stopped playing with herself and moved down her leg only an inch or two. "The bulkiness was making it hard to keep my knees together, but I tried to cross my legs and that wasn't working either. I was sure someone standing at the right angle across the room would be able to see right up my skirt. I panicked a little bit and thought about leaving but something kept me rooted in my chair. I knew if I got up and left I would regret it so I took a few deep breaths and decided to stay.
"As the panic subsided and I got comfortable my urge to pee started to grow. I sat there sipping my nalgene and just watched people. I started pretending that I was waiting for something important, and if I got up I would miss it.
"I actually texted you at that point. My brain was running haywire. I wanted to tell you, but also kind of wanted this just for myself."
"This was Monday night?" I heard myself ask.
"Yeah. I asked what you were up to. You were working some project. I let you know I was at the union and had just gotten out of conditioning."
"Oh right, yeah. I remember that. I thought it was odd you went to eat so soon after working out."
"I came really close to telling you. I actually took a couple of pictures." She but her lip and reached into the pocket of my hoodie. "I thought about sending to you then, but chickened out.... I guess... I couldn't really get the right angle. Do you want to see?"
"Holy shit yes."
She produced her phone out of her pocket, and smiled as I let go of my dick to reach for it. I was hard enough now that even with no support, it was protruding slightly away from my body.
She typed in her code and flipped through a few of her photos. She repositioned next to me so that she was also sitting against the wall. She held her phone with her right hand, and her left hand briefly rested on my right hip before grabbing my cock.
The first picture was a regular selfie taken from above. It was an instagram angle, her head slightly tilted and lips pursed. I could see she was sitting and her legs weren't completely closed, but that was about it. Just like she said she had a black tank top. At this angle her perky cleavage was on full display. Her skirt wasn't covering much of her lap, and her right hand was holding it down making sure it didn't ride up.
The second photo was a lower straight on angle that didn't reveal anything below her tits. She was staring directly into the camera making a pouty face. I had actually seen this one before on social media. My dick stirred in her hand at the sight of her nipples poking through the black fabric.
"Oh you like that one?"
"Yeah. You're telling me you're padded in this? You posted it!"
"Oh just wait." Her next pose was a lower angle with her head cut off. Her legs were slightly spread and you could see up her skirt slightly. The lighting wasn't great, but you could tell her underwear maybe had a little more volume to it than regular panties. "I had trouble figuring out a way to get the lighting right on this one."
I took my eyes off of her phone briefly and looked at her face. She was studying each photo intently. She was analyzing their composition and trying to find the perfect representative for each pose. "Do you want me to help with that?"
She answered affirmatively by silently pumping my dick a few times. I honestly couldn't believe what I was hearing. A few short hours before I was certain she no longer wanted me around on account of my fetish. Now she's telling me she wants to pose for me.
Her last photo was by far the riskiest. It was taken from her point of view. The camera was pointed down at her tits, beyond them you could see her legs parted wide and there sitting distinctly in the middle of them the star pattern on her puffy purple diaper.
Katelyn's hand got still as my dick spasmed. "Mmh. Feels like he might really likes that one," Katelyn remarked. It was true. I was fully torqued and just a little bit more stimulation could have set me over the top. The thought of her doing that pose in a public place ignited my desire to cum, but she loosened her grip. "You better not shoot off yet. I'm not done with my story!"
I was twitching and close but I managed to calm myself down. "How did you manage to take that without getting caught?"
"I don't know. I mean, I guess there's a possibility I might've been. I don't really know if anyone saw me. I had looked around and for the most part I nobody seemed to be looking, so I just did it as quick as I could and readjusted. It was exciting. Between the excitement and rush of possibly getting caught I was beginning to feel the need to release. I hadn't really thought of it until then, but being horny sometimes makes me need to pee." She smiled at me and bit her lip seductively. Her knees were bent but I could see movement from her right hand moving slightly between her legs as she lightly tickled my cock with her left.
"It's actually the opposite for me. Having an erection makes it way easier to hold it."
"And how did that work out for you last night?" she teased me playfully. Last night was magical. I hadn't had an accident since I was little. She had saved me from peeing all over myself and all over my room by catching me in her diaper. Of course she had also orchestrated the accident, but it was still simultaneously comforting and kinky. The thought of it dominated my mind before I could answer.
"It isn't foolproof obviously, but it definitely helps."
"Well it doesn't for me. Not at all" she said, exasperated. "I was beginning to feel a little tingly, and I was a little nervous that people had seen me. I chugged the remaining contents of my nalgene and looked around the dining hall. There were so many people. My stomach was in knots and my heart was in my throat but I started to wonder if anyone else had a secret like me.
"Oh my Gawd it was so exciting. Both emotionally and sexually. I tried to rub my legs together to get some relief but the padding between my legs was preventing me from maneuvering my piercing in the right way. It was like the dry diaper was in the way of my pleasure. My bladder was aching and without outright grabbing myself I wasn't going to be able to exert any pressure to stop the flow.
"I looked at my empty nalgene and felt a small pang of panic. I wasn't really going to do this was I? What had I gotten myself into? I felt like a deviant. All those times I had syntribated in class could never compare to this. I mean, everyone masturbates but who does this? I had so many conflicting emotions. My pussy was dripping and tingly. I felt like an out of control animal. My clit was craving pressure. At the same time the lack of pressure on my urethra was causing shooting spasms of electricity for a second where I could feel my body want to relax. My brain would bring me back to reality immediately. Peeing myself in front of so many people felt so wrong. So scary and the risk of it was turning me on so much."
She was only barely stroking my dick. She was toying with me and deliberately denying my cum any excuse to leave my body. She wanted me to feel the same desperation she was describing.
"Pretty soon my body made the decision for me. I lost control for a second. A spurt of pee shot out of me and heated the space between my legs where they were touching the padding. It was enough to snap me out of my trance. I grabbed myself through my skirt blatantly with one hand and began gathering my phone and nalgene with my right. I looked down to assess the damage. My tits were red where my body was blushing on my behalf. I was simultaneously ashamed and so incredibly horny.
"I stood up and power walked out of the union, not wanting to see if anyone was looking at me. I was still throbbing and desperate and needed to cum in the worst way.
"I was walking back to my dorm with shame on my mind. I couldn't believe I had just put myself in that position and had an accident in public. I was like, 'what is happening with my mind?' I was simultaneously embarrassed and so horny I couldn't think straight. The diaper felt bulky between my legs with each step, but it wasn't putting any pressure on me. Truth is I probably would have made it back to my dorm if I had just thrown my dignity to the wind and held myself as I walked, but I was worried that it might cause my skirt to hike a little and show anyone passing by what I was wearing.
"I didn't make it too far though - maybe 100 yards before the next spurt shot out of me. I was just passing the chem building. Classes had just gotten out and everyone was pouring out of the doors and onto the sidewalk. It was hot, like temperature wise. I knew in that moment I wasn't going to make it back to the dorm before the floodgates opened.
"I ducked into an alcove of a service entryway nobody was coming out of and leaned my back against the wall. People were walking by me but nobody was looking behind them so I had at least a little privacy. Instinctually my knees buckled together and my hand went between my legs. I just let it all go. Oh my god I could hear it hitting my diaper. I could feel it thrumming against my hand through the padding. It was so warm and so nice. I could feel the padding swelling between my legs. I could..." she paused trying to gauge my reaction, "... I could smell it."
I was enthralled. Her hand had stopped moving on my member, but I knew better than to start stroking myself. She had instructed me not to.
"I was so worried that someone would look my way but it just wasn't stopping. I couldn't stop it if I tried. I don't think I wanted to either. The stream was so strong. And... and that's when my padding reached its limit. My diaper stopped swelling and I could feel the liquid pooling around my pussy.
"When I finally stopped and stood up, I couldn't fully close my legs. I looked down and realized I was completely fucked. Below my skirt, my diaper was hanging down - a faded purple poof. There was no mistaking what it was. Shame and dread washed over me. I was frantic. I decided I had to just make a break for it. I mean, worst case anyone who saw me would just assume it was some sorority hazing incident, right? Like nobody's first thought is that a girl wearing a soggy diaper poking out from underneath her skirt was actually getting off on it!
"My first step forward and felt a squish, followed by a warm trickle down my leg. This repeated a few times as I broke into a run away from the chem building. I ran all the way back to my dorm with wetness rolling down my inner thighs and calves. By the time I reached my dorm even the bottoms of my feet were wet in my flip flops. I went in the back way up the steps just praying nobody I knew would see me. I was so ashamed. My embarrassment was just turning me on more, and the hornier I got the more embarrassed I got. My brain had broken and I just needed release.
"I got into my hall and opened the door to my dorm in a full panic. I turned and leaned forward against my dresser. I flipped my skirt up and shoved my hand down the front of my wet diaper. I started rubbing myself frantically. My orgasm came really fast. Wave after wave hit me. I moaned and nearly fell over. I was doubled over in ecstasy and thrusting into my hand. It was so hot and so humiliating and my hand was soaking. I probably would have made myself squirt if I hadn't just emptied myself so thoroughly.
"When I finally finished convulsing I finally raised my head and opened my eyes to finally face myself in the mirror, but over my shoulder I saw Emily behind me sitting on her bed with a shocked look on her face and my open pack of diapers in her hands."
"Oh my god. What a way to come out to your roommate!" She released my cock, sat up and swung her leg over my lap straddling me. Heat was radiating off of her. Telling me the story must have gotten her incredibly worked up. She lowered herself into me while kissing me deeply. She was incredibly wet and I entered her with no resistance.
She moved her hips forward and back with me inside of her. I certainly wasn't going to be able to last long after a story like that. I put my hands on her hips to attempt to slow her movement but she was relentless.
Katelyn ignored my protest and continued bucking her hips. Her left arm was wrapped around my neck. Her right fingers were making small circles on her clit as she gyrated with me inside of her. Her muscles contracted around me rhythmically, and the friction of her walls gliding over my dick was too much. I felt my cum beginning to rise and the tip of my dick began to tingle deep inside of her. I mustered all of my strength and lifted her up off of me. My dick fell onto my stomach with a wet "smack".
"Before we get too distracted... you were going to tell me what Ashley's question was in truth or dare."
I heard a small gasp come from the doorway. Emily was standing in the open doorway to my room, her body half obscured by the door frame. She was wearing her white toga. Her hair was disheveled and her makeup was smeared from last night's festivties. Katelyn looked over at Emily and lowered herself back onto me using her right hand to guide me back inside of her.
We locked eyes while my girlfriend rode me. The surprise of the situation lowered my already battered defenses. I don't know how long she had been standing there and how much she had heard but she was watching us intensely with no apparent desire to move. I watched as her tits rose and fell in time with Kate's thrusts. Her cheeks and neck were flush red.
I felt Katelyn tighten around me. Her breathing got heavy and her movements quickened. She buried her face in my neck and whimpered. My hips bucked into hers and her body shivered. I was overwhelmed and my orgasm began to rip through my body. Every muscle tightened and my vision went black. The tickle in the tip of my penis spread to the base of my shaft and between my legs. It spread quickly from there and spread over my entire body. At the very last possible second I thrust upwards and then dropped my hips. My dick fell out of her onto my belly just as it began to rhythmically throb. Katelyn lowered herself back onto me rubbing her wet slit along my shaft as I involuntarily spasmed. Her thrusts matched the tempo of my spasms coaxing my cum out of my body. She slipped her fingers underneath the head of my cock. With each subsequent pulse of my urethra my head swelled in her palm and shot glob of white cum into her hand.
I sat there motionless basking in the afterglow of my orgasm, oblivious to how Emily had reacted to watching me cum. Katelyn brought her hand to her mouth and tasted me, pleased with her work. After a minute or so had passed it was Emily who finally broke the silence with an answer to my question. Her words snapped me out of my post orgasmic trance and I looked over just in time to see the front of her toga drop as she retracted her hand from between her legs.
"It was: Who knew about Kate's secret first: me or Ashley?"