I was about to go out for my early morning walk. It was a warm morning and I was horny. Warm weather makes me that way. I decided on a light pair of white leggings and a camisole top.
To get myself excited and my cock erect, I read a couple of stories on Literotica. That always does the trick for me. They are fabulous and using the tag search, you can tailor the action to your own fantasy. When I was fully charged, I slipped into a 2" stainless cock ring. Checking myself in the mirror, I made sure the bulge pointing out to my hip was clearly defined and my balls prominently displayed. My package was lewdly contoured with shadow and highlights.
The tan lines from my bikini top were underlined and featured by the spaghetti straps of my camisole top. My nipples and areola were identified by the coral pink hue visible through the semi-sheer lace. My open toed sandals showed off my pearlescent pedicure. Before I exited the apartment, I picked up a small bag to carry my keys and lipstick in. I also carry the bag to shield myself as I use the elevator, go past the concierge, through the lobby and into the street.
Once on the street, I decided on a direction to walk. I applied my pink-red Revlon lipstick, put the straps of the hand bag over my shoulder and set off. The sun was just below the horizon casting a faint glow over the city. The traffic was light and their bright headlights were like spotlights on me as I walked on the sidewalk against the direction of traffic.
Up the block, wait for the light, flounce across the intersection and down a darker street. Swinging my hips, I sashayed under the canopy of trees which partially obscured the overhead street lights. I stopped to look in various store windows and saw their illumination paint my body with shadows and highlights.
I decided to venture a couple of more blocks away into an area known for girls and gurls. I had not been there in a while. I had made a few nodding acquaintances and identified a few favorite spots to tease the men cruising by. Some days are lean but with my long legs I can usually entice a few to stop. Today was a Monday morning a back to work day for many. I thought I would take a few minutes and stand, in my favorite spot to exhibit myself, just around the corner from an intersection of two one way streets. I always choose the curb on the driver's side of the street. I posed under the glow of the streetlamp. The passing traffic ebbed and surged as interested drivers contemplated what was on offer.
I did not have to wait long before a white Rav4 slowed and pulled over. The driver lowered his power window as I moved closer to his door. My cock was rampant. It was now at a 45 degree angle to my hip and the fleshy head was proud and unmistakably available.
"Nice!" he offered.
"Thank you. I think so too." I replied as I watched him eye me up and down with a definite focus on my protruding cock. I could not help but notice the glint of his wedding ring.
"Do you have a place?" he asked.
"No, sorry I don't. What are you looking for?"
"I was thinking about a BJ. What'll cost."
"For a handsome man like you and the fact that I am not a pro, if you are ok with it, maybe I could do you in your car at no cost. You could drive up a couple of blocks. I know a place where it is dark."
"Show me your cock while I drive?"
"Sure." I said as I made my way around to the passenger door.
Opening the door and settling into the seat. I put on the seat belt and adjusted it between my tits. I turned down the top of leggings exposing my cock. I am completely shaved smooth. Bare as a baby's bum.
"Oh my." he exclaimed as he reached over to caress me.
"Perfect." I said as I splayed my legs wider to let him have a look and a grope. Damn I hate these center consoles I thought to myself. Whatever happened to the easy blow job front bench seat?
At the first stop light, he slid his seat back trying to maximize the space between his cock and the steering wheel.
"Show me yours darling." I urged as I reached over to undo his belt buckle and zipper.
"Oh yea. Sorry. Here you go." he said as the light turned green. He steered with his left hand and used his right to help me peel away the confining business slacks.
"Does your wife do this?" I said as I slowly pulled opened his boxers and softly touched the meaty crown that was now being exposed. It began to swell in my hand as I thumbed the head. I wrapped my fingers as best I could around the hardening shaft. I palmed the shaft and twisted my left hand around to reach into his underwear under his balls. I brought them out through the fly. He smelled freshly showered and I was glad he was not too hairy.
At the next intersection the overhead red light illuminated our naked cocks. A car pulled up beside us, but the driver was more intent at looking at his phone than what we were doing.
"Just up here on the left. Under those trees and next to whatever that utility box is. It will give us some privacy." I directed. The light changed and I pulled my hand away to undo the seat belt clasp. By the time he had stopped, I was already leaning over the center console and kneeling on the seat. My head moved to his crotch as he undid his seat belt, lowered the seat back to give me more room. By the time he pushed the driver's seat back as far as possible, I had already engulfed his cock in my mouth.
"Don't get any cum on my pants." he ordered.
"Iaaaa wooon't." I gurgled with my mouthful of his silky smooth cum canon.
I popped it in my cheek. I bobbed up and down. I pushed it as far into my mouth as I could. I gasped for air when I felt the saliva covered head going too deep. I worshiped his cock then slowly withdrew and ran my tongue down its length to suck his balls. First one, then the other as I left his cock straining, exposed to anyone walking by.
He moaned and grabbed my head and brought my mouth back up to his cock.
"You fucking slut. I am going to fill your mouth with my cum." he almost shouted as he held my face tight to his crotch. He spurted. No - he shot rope after rope of sweet salty thick gobs of cum into my mouth. He held me firmly on his cock as I gagged and swallowed his load. He grunted and thrust his hips, trying to drive himself deeper into my throat. I began to choke, but he didn't let go.
"Swallow it all, you cock-sucking cunt." he whispered meanly as I bucked against his strength.
He finally released his grip and I pulled my head away, bumping the back of it into the steering wheel. I panted and swallowed repeatedly to catch my breath. I almost fell back into the passenger seat as he immediately began to do up his pants.
"Sorry about that. I got carried away and no, my wife doesn't do that. Certainly not as good as you do." he offered apologetically.
I am not sure if I smiled or not but when he insisted I take $30 for 'something special' I did not hesitate.
"Can I drive you back?" he offered as a token concession.
"No, I can walk from here." I retorted as I opened the car door and stepped out into the street on a warm night that was turning into a glorious morning.