(For a full understanding of the plot, reading at least part 3 is highly recommended.)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 17 -- Lovers United.
Alex was allowed to surf the web, subject to close monitoring by AI as well as a team of Techs just in case she tried to contact someone. But Alex knew better, there was no going back to her old life.
She could now communicate through texting with her mind. All she had to do was to try to speak the words, and they appeared on a screen.
She was a free mind, floating in cyberspace. It was unbelievable. Her body was imprisoned, but she found endless adventures and freedom.
Tears welled up in her eyes as she read all the nice things her friends and family had said about her on her Facebook profile. She read the articles about her death. Saw the hundreds of photos she had posted of her gorgeous self over the years.
She followed her parents' daily lives and watched over them. It was horrible to see them grieving, but Alex consoled herself with the thought that she left them in her prime, and she would forever be remembered as a brilliant shooting star, forever young, forever beautiful.
"You have sacrificed yourself for all mankind, Alexandria," said Professor Goldstein.
"I had no choice," she said (texted).
"Would you like to know my opinion?" asked the professor.
"Do tell," said Alex, hands on her hips.
"If you were not under duress, and offered the opportunity, you would have rejected it at first, but you'll be sleepless, the opportunity would haunt you to the point where you will accept it. It might have taken a long time, but all we had to do was plant a little seed. You were born for this Alexandria," he said. Alex knew there was some truth in it.
"I had a perfect life. Family, career, money, FREEDOM. I'm a freak now, living on life support, my body is destroyed, I have no control of it, my cunt won't even stop dripping," she texted her eyes, flashing, gesturing to her heavily modified body.
"You would have sacrificed it all, eventually, for this great adventure," said her captor, "You achieved it all, at such a young age. What else did you want? admit it Alexandria, you were getting bored by your success. You had done in all, been around the world, experienced a life that those two or three times your age would be envious of!", said the professor.
"I had a great 27 years," thought Alex, "I can always watch over my loved ones, like an Angel."
Her knowledge of every subject imaginable grew, and her memory was organized like never before. Her already exceptional IQ levels are enhanced day by day, passing the 300 mark. Time and space didn't concern her the least. She spent more and more time in the Oracle system.
She tried to find Jake, but he had all but disappeared. He had left his job two months after her abduction and was never seen since. She tried in vain to follow his trail, accessing security cameras, telephone records, and emails. She searched for his voice, a glimpse of his face, worldwide to no avail. He had just vanished. Was he part of this scheme? OR had the syndicate silenced him forever? It didn't matter now.
No firewall was strong enough to contain her, all around the world, secure bank accounts of drug lords, corrupt dictators, fronts for terrorist organizations, and the like began to empty. Suddenly, an untraceable source began sending the exact locations of wanted fugitives and terrorists.
Alex didn't require the internet for travel. Her mind could fly through space and enter locations anywhere. She used to get lost and had little control over where she ended up, but her body was her anchor and her team always brought her back. Little by little, she was able to control her "free flight", though most of the time she used the internet or telecommunication networks to arrive close to her target without getting lost.
The main objective of the project, seeing into the future, was still out of her grasp. She did have flashes of a few days ahead, but they were too fragmented to make sense.
The sophisticated AI system took too long to process tiny pieces of information, making her visions useless. The incident had already happened by the time her visions were processed.
She had to be in her chamber to achieve hyper-orgasm, for her visions to be useful.
Her first death anniversary was near. She chose the date as the day when she would become the Oracle.
Alex tried her best to enjoy the little freedom and human contact she had over the last few days. She worked out and met people. She would soon be swimming in a tank of liquid for the rest of her life, which, thanks to the machines she was hooked up to, would be decades and decades. "Up to a hundred years, "said the Professor.
A century of pleasure, suffering, and captivity. Her body would age only a little as the systems took the load off her organs and replenished her with stem cells.
Her body burnt massive amounts of energy during her orgasmic sessions. She was now permanently wet and slightly lactating, which meant she needed copious amounts of water to stay hydrated. Nutrients were pumped in through a plethora of IV lines in her collar, arms, and chest as well as directly into her brain. Her body needed twice the Oxygen as a regular human being, requiring a separate oxygenation system for her brain connected through her brain umbilical, in effect, a separate blood circulatory system, supporting her heart and kidneys was now active.
Alex had just finished her last round on the elliptical trainer. She loved working out and was sad to say goodbye to her small gym. The elliptical trainer was one of her favorites as her tubes didn't interfere with its function. She like her stair machine as well, and she felt that some of the core Oracle team liked to watch her use it.
The treadmill was difficult to use effectively as she couldn't bring her feet close enough, or straighten up enough to run effectively.
She was helped down by her assistants and left alone to recover. Her brain umbilical was supported by a strap from the ceiling, while the other two umbilicals lay on the floor.
The team would come in to clean her up for the last time in a few minutes. She would truly miss being caressed and scrubbed. It will be lonely stuck in her glass prison for a hundred years.
She was looking at herself in the mirror. She never got bored of watching the various liquids moving and life support systems working to keep her alive. Her body was tighter than ever, thanks to her high nutritional diet and rigorous exercise. Alex closed her eyes and imagined herself as she was on a vacation with Jake in the Bahamas. She had worn the skimpiest yellow bikini. She had never gone so bold before. She didn't take a single extra article of clothing that day going shopping and exploring wearing only her tiny bikini. She was the center of attention everywhere they went, Jake was shocked but loved it.
The door hissed open, and a figure walked in. She was snapped back into the present. Alex didn't turn, she was used to Hazmat-clad techs and nurses.
The man stood frozen for a few seconds. No surprise, who wouldn't? it wasn't a sight one could easily get used to.
"Alex," said a voice. She jumped.
"JAKE!" she screamed, of course, nothing came out.
She swung on the spot, got entangled in her umbilicals, and stumbled forward. The overhead support strap broke and Alex fell backward under the weight of her brain umbilical, almost snapping her neck. Jake rushed and caught her in his arms, saving the poor girl from near-certain death.
They embraced for a long time, staring at each other's eyes. She was trembling.
In the observation lab next door, the professor yelled at her caregiving team, "STOP! she'll be fine, leave them alone."
He continued, "Monitor them, have two stand by the door. Do not enter unless critical,"
The chief engineer interjected, "With all due respect, professor, we've worked so hard on this, we can't risk her safety,"
Professor Goldstein raised his hand silencing his subordinate.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
They couldn't kiss. His gas mask and her breathing tubes touched each other. Jake's gloved hand caressed her temples. "What have they done to you? My poor, poor Alex," he whispered. He had seen her from afar in the theatre, but it was shocking to see his gorgeous girlfriend up close.
"It's all my fault. I thought you were dead. This is worse than death," he was visibly breaking down at the sight of his lover.
Alex nodded towards a screen on her life support station.
"It's not that bad honey. I wish I was free, and had my old life, but they take good care of me. I've accepted my fate. Besides, the orgasms alone are worth it!" she texted.
She rubbed against his body lifting her leg, rubbing her intubated crotch against him. She grabbed his manhood through the thick Hazmat suit.
"Mm, you're hard. Does it turn you on Jake? Does what they've done to me turn you on? "
"I......I Alex," he stammered. "I never,"
She pushed him away and stepped backward for him to see her in full.
He sat on a padded stool in front of her.
"Don't be shy. Your body doesn't lie Jacob. To be honest, it turns me on as well. You can't imagine how uncomfortable and humiliating all these tubes and implants are. But it's so pleasurable too, my assignment needs me to be horny all the time." the words flashed on the screen as she gestured toward all her attachments.
"Come, check me out," she texted seductively moving her right hand along her thigh while squeezing her right breast with her left hand.
Jake stood up and approached her.
Alex turned her back towards him and slapped her buttocks hard, inviting him to touch her rear umbilical.
He was horrified by the clumps of feces packed along the tube. She parted her buttocks exposing her rosy, engorged, and wired sphincter circling the base of her poop tube. It resembled a fleshy ring studded with tiny silver wires. It was pulsing rhythmically.
"Electrostimulation," she texted, and continued, "it's my breathable bio polymer bonded to my insides and outsides. Look, it's a suction cup over my sphincter." She used her index finger to trace around her sphincter.
Her stomach rumbled loudly as fresh yellow excrement oozed out.
"Excuse me, my digestive tract needs to work overtime to absorb the nourishment," texted Alex.
He felt a pang of pity, she was the most incredible woman he had ever met, smart, strong, beautiful, and sexy. He wanted to marry her, she would have made a great mother, it was all over now.
"Remember, how you used to try so hard to get me to do anal?" she texted.
"Yes, I only managed to get a finger inside you. You hated it!" said Jake recalling the day fondly.
"Karma is a bitch, old boy! Now I'm being ass fucked 24/7, and so is my throat!" flashed the text.
She demonstrated how to play with her vaginal and anal tubes, "Here, push them in and out like this and shake my poop tube."
Jake was hesitant at first and said, "Alex, those thin wires look so delicate." He was referring to the wires piercing her outer labia.
"Don't worry Jake, no matter what you do, nothing's ever coming off. I made sure of it!" she texted while flexing her cunt muscles for him to see.
She began shaking and pushing her anal tube, quickly progressing to playing with her vaginal tube and tickling her exposed labia and vulva.
Jake took over and soon got his former lover bucking with pleasure. Alex shifted her focus to her nipples.
"Slap me. Slap me hard. No one will ever touch me once I'm sealed in the temple," the messages flashed on the screen.
She came within minutes gushing all over the floor, and she returned the favor grinding against her former boyfriend.
She sat on Jake's lap, straddling him, with her arms wrapped around his neck. Her forehead touched his visor. His hands caressed her body lovingly. They chatted for hours as techs and nurses came and went.
"I may be a freak, but I can still make you come!" she said.
"It's amazing how you can type what you think," said Jake.
"Oh, honey, I can do much worse!" she said, a twinkle in her eye.
"I've asked the professor to put me on your team. I want to become an Oracle and join you," he said.
"Jake, you can't punish yourself for what happened. Besides, only a woman can be an Oracle," she said.
"I discussed it with the professor. I can't have infinite orgasms, but I can be connected to you, and my nervous system used to boost yours, you, and me together forever," he said in one breath.
"Jake, you don't want this. Trust me. Go back to your life, find love, and have a family. The old Alex is dead, I can't love you Jake, we can't be together," there were tears in her eyes.
"I've made up my mind Alex. I can't live without you," he said, squeezing her shoulders.
"First, wait and see what happens to me in a few years OK? Let's not be hasty, join my caregiving team," said Alex.
He hugged her for a long time. She kept her forehead against his visor and looked deep into his eyes with arms wrapped around his neck. He had his arms around her waist, caressing her back and squeezing her bubble buttocks gently.
"Cheer up! I'm ready for another round if you are. You can start by tickling my pussy," she texted shamelessly and pulled his hand between her legs.
In the meantime, she sent for two members of her caregiving team.
Jake pulled out his hand from between her legs as two techs entered the room.
"Don't mind them," she texted.
"Ed, could you please turn on my oral stimulator? Leave it in random mode. 10% to 20% max," she commanded.
"Vaginal and Anal, Ma'am?" asked one of the techs.
"Only clitoral at 35% random. Set sinusoidal shocks for the rectum and sphincter from zero to ten percent. Give us a wand to manage the rest manually."
"Very well, Dr. Milton," said the young man. Handing over a Hitachi.
"Thank you, Ed, and Sandy," she was addressing the other female tech, "Please observe us and give me appropriate nipple stimulation along with urethral shocks. You know how I like it. No chemical stimulants or brain stimulation this time. I want this to be natural,"
"Shall do, ma'am," said the girl.
"What a woman!" thought Jake.
The techs obliged and left the lovers for another half hour of fun.
Jake found the Hitachi worked wonders on Alex sending vibrations deep inside her through her tubes.
"Don't let me cum." she wanted to savor the moment. Her caregivers were observing the couple and she texted to them privately, "I want to come with him"
As he moaned approaching climax her team sent her a final blast of shocks and vibrations to send her over the edge.
They both came together with the wand pressed tightly between their crotches.
Alex gushed like a fire hydrant and almost fell over backward.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 18- The Oracle ascends.
"Dr. Milton, we need to prepare," said a nurse.
Alex knew not to resist. She stood up from Jake's lap and walked backward. The techs and nurses began the extensive cleaning procedure. Alex stood motionless with arms and legs spread, staring at her one-time lover. Did she still love him? She didn't know, it was a different lifetime. She was a different person.
After being cleaned and dried thoroughly, she was helped into her chair for the trip to the temple. Her restraints were activated with a series of deafening metallic clicks. Everything was double and triple-checked, and the team unplugged the three massive life support stations.
Alex had nothing to do but sit restrained, arms and legs spread wide, and stare ahead as she was pushed out of her room.
Jake followed behind. The corridors were deserted. Alex recalled her walk to the theatre and how people flocked to watch her. It was the most humiliating as well as exhilarating experience in her life.
"Where was everyone today? What a sight they are missing," she thought. She was leaving a trail of juices behind.
They reached the airlock and after entering a series of codes the massive door slid open.
Alex was shocked as she was wheeled into the Temple. It was as if the entire facility had turned up to witness her becoming the Oracle. What appeared to be 500 people filled the huge arena, all wearing hazmat suits, all silent. The only sounds were the hissing of her breathing machine and the beeps of her monitors.
Alex was always amazed at how, over 1000 people could keep a secret. Of course, everyone was vetted and hand-picked over the years, yet why didn't anyone turn against the Syndicate? The sense of purpose and comradery was unlike anything she had seen before. Some of them must be under duress like her, but she knew most were not.
The professor and his team were waiting. Alex was released and helped to stand up.
She stood as straight as her attachments allowed. Walking was tough as always, with the heavy umbilicals. She walked slowly in her now signature waddle; legs spread apart, spine curved and rear sticking out with hands on her hips. She shook hands with each of the Oracle team. Her attendants supported her umbilicals and followed her closely.
She straightened her knees as much as possible achieving her maximum height when she reached the core team members led by the professor.
Jake watched; how proud she was even now! How elegant. Even when she was nude, hairless, and had tubes down her throat, pussy, and ass, she still hadn't lost her dignity.
When she came to the professor, she tried to shake his hand and keep it formal, but it ended with a long emotional hug.
She didn't know if she loved him or hated him. He had destroyed her old life, transformed her into a freak, he was her captor, her tormentor, but there was so much affection and mutual respect between them. He had stolen her body, mind, career, friends, and family, but at the same time opened a whole new world of opportunity and pleasure.
To him she was like a daughter, she was his protégé. He cradled her face in his hands and looked into her tear-filled eyes and said, "Be strong Alexandria, you're doing great."
She held on to his arms looking into his eyes.
She nodded and let go.
Alex posed for many photographs. First, everyone stood back, and she posed by herself. She straightened up her knees with legs spread wide and hands on her hips, and then, stretched arms wide parallel to the ground. All angles were covered.
She was visibly aroused with strings of mucus hanging from her intubated pussy forming a pool on the floor.
Next, she posed with the scientists. She always knew how to strike a pose. She stood, with legs spread, one knee bent and hands on her hips, showing off her figure. She posed for more photos with her attendants holding her umbilicals and one final photo with Jake.
It was the last photo they would take as a couple. After all the flashes and ended, she turned to the temple and began the long ascent up the steps to her final home.
The three life support stations were pushed up ramps on either side of the steps. Three additional techs followed her up the steps holding her three massive umbilicals.
It was as if she was this grotesque bride walking up to the altar, and they were bringing up her train. Jake walked by her side. He kept one hand gently on her left buttock, Alex found it comforting and pushed her butt out to meet the hand even more.
Her tomb loomed closer and closer.
Halfway up she felt a tension in her brain umbilical and stalled. The tech holding her most sensitive lifeline scrambled to come close and hold the heavy umbilical at a point closer to her head. She nodded and they began the ascent again.
The cylinder was seamless. It nestled in the middle of a Giant "C" shaped support which reminded Alex of a stand of a globe.
Tubes and wires dangled from the top of the Cylinder, they were routed inside the body of the "C" shaped support. More tubes and wires lay on the floor.
Alex knew that all these ended up in the space below her feet. Her permanent life support systems, power banks, food, and chemical stores as well as a vast greenhouse to generate oxygen and the gigantic Oracle supercomputer were all situated in the floors beneath the Temple.
The massive glass cylinder hissed and lowered down into the floor, welcoming its permanent occupant. Her chamber was much larger than the old one. Ten feet in diameter and Fifteen feet high.
Her heart should've been racing, but the machines kept a steady beat.
"I need plenty of room to stretch my limbs once I'm sealed in," she demanded.
After what felt like an eternity, they reached the top. Alex turned to face her audience. The lights focused on her were blinding and she couldn't see much of the people down below.
She could see the illuminated glass control room, like a bridge on a ship at the far end of the Amphitheatre. It was high above the ground, probably the same level as her chamber. She recalled her first meeting with the professor, it seemed an eternity ago.
She could see a buzz of activity within, people rushing back and forth, though it was too far to identify any faces. Alex knew the professor and most of the core team, must already be there, with the leaders of the Syndicate.
Carefully, the team began unplugging her attachments from her life support stations and hooking them up to her permanent home.
As an Engineer, Alex took pride in the equipment she helped design, and directed the team on disconnecting and re-connecting the delicate tubes and wires. She indicated when she was comfortable or not and assisted by holding and sometimes plugging in tubes and wires and checking the connections.
She shuddered and held on to Jake as the breathing tubes were disconnected. She tried to breathe on her own, but nothing happened. Jake placed a hand on her ample chest as they waited the dreaded seconds watching her blood oxygen levels drop, their eyes locked on each other.
Her chest heaved as the new ventilator began its work and Alex closed her eyes in relief.
She went into a seizure as soon as her brain umbilical was disconnected, the team and Jake held her as techs quickly plugged it into its new port. It was clear she couldn't survive without the machines.
Alex made a mess when her Anal and Vaginal tubes were disconnected, but she was no longer embarrassed and assisted the cleaning by holding the disconnected ends of the tubes high up.
600 tiny wires were then plugged into her muscles which instantly bonded to her.
Finally, everything was ready.
Her caregiving team who had kept her alive for the last few months hugged her and wished her well. They were in tears.
She embraced Jake for the last time, he fondled her breasts and slapped her buttocks hard when parting. It was the last time a human would touch her.
"Good luck Alex," he whispered. She wished the sting of her lover's slap would last forever.
She watched as everyone walked down the steps leaving her all alone.
"Dr. Milton, we are ready to proceed," the professor's voice came not from far below but inside her head. She was connected to the mainframe.
Her brain and nervous system had connected to the Oracle system. Alex nodded and gave two thumbs up.
"Let's do this!", she said. Her old voice, though a bit robotic and monotonous, boomed out through speakers in the temple. She could finally speak again!
The glass cylinder rose from the floor and was sealed with a hiss. The silence was only broken by the hiss of her breathing.
She knew all eyes were on her. Cold liquid began filling the cylinder from beneath. The next few minutes would decide her fate.
Alex touched her body, her hands moving up from her thighs. It was the last time she would be dry.
The liquid warmed up quickly, and, by the time it reached her crotch, it was body temperature. It will always be her body temperature from now on for the rest of her life.
As the liquid passed over her navel, she felt her feet leave the ground, she was soon completely submerged and floated high above her audience, in the center of the glass tank.
Soon the bubbles cleared, and she could see very clearly. She kicked about, trying to get used to her weightlessness. She moved close to the glass, touching the barrier. She swam up to the ceiling and down, exploring her lifelong prison.
"Switching to liquid breathing Alex. This'll be uncomfortable," said the chief engineer.
She came back to the center of the tank.
Alex nodded and waited.
Her air supply stopped, and she began to feel her lungs suck dry. It was unnerving and she felt dread waiting for what was to come. Alex couldn't see the liquid now flowing into her breathing tube before it was too late.
She was drowning! She kicked and bucked holding her chest, as fluid filled her lungs.
"Keep calm, you're not drowning! Alex, keep calm!" yelled the professor, afraid his protégé might damage her delicate life support gear.
"Shut her down!" commanded the chief engineer.
She immediately lost all sensation from the neck down and her body went limp. They had disconnected her spinal cord to stop her struggling.
Alex just floated there, a head with no feeling in her limbs until her lungs were fully on the liquid ventilator with zero bubbles. It took around 15 minutes.
"We are putting you back online now. Stay calm."
"OK," she said.
Alex felt relief as the feeling returned. Her chest felt heavy, and the pumping labored she informed the team.
"You'll get used to it in a few days".
"Ready to begin?"
"I can't wait," she said confidently.
In truth she was terrified, and, at the same time horny as hell.
Those below watched in awe. The entire amphitheater was dark, the Oracle was illuminated in bright bluish-white light, a magnificent female form floating in the middle of a tangle of wires and tubes. It was as if the woman herself was glowing in a heavenly light.
"Arousal level 50 percent and rising. Initiate electromechanical stimulation in 10.9......."
Alex heard the countdown and as it reached the end, her vagina and rectum came alive, her nipples began to tingle, her throat and mouth began to vibrate, and she braced herself for the wave of pleasure to arrive. Her sensitive clit came alive with a jolt of electricity.
"Initiate neural stimulation. Begin injection of endorphins.......... initiate cranial electrodes in 10...9...8........."
The screens came flickered to life in the control room. Images began to flash by, too fast for the human eye to see clearly.
"Mainframe active," said a female engineer manning the Oracle's gigantic computer control panel.
Her voice was trembling with excitement as she yelled, "AI is working overtime to filter the data, all 200 processors running at 80%!"
The scientists watched as the floating girl twitched and spasmed violently. It was a mesmerizing sight as if she was being electrocuted or having a seizure. Alex was oblivious to her body's reaction. She was overwhelmed by the mounting pleasure.
She was no longer Dr. Alexandria Milton, she was no longer a mere mortal woman, she was a Goddess, the all-seeing Oracle, it was time to look into the future.
+++++++++++++++++++++++The End?+++++++++++++++++++++++++