In my final year as an RA, there was a major influx of new students. The university struggled to find places to put them all. One of their action plans was turning some of the larger two-person rooms into three-person rooms. My boss actually asked for my help with choosing which rooms were big enough to support three freshmen. I was around, taking summer classes anyway, so I dropped by the dorm a couple times to help measure the rooms and give my insight on which room layouts were powderkegs and which were liveable. We did our best, but throughout the year, we did end up having to deal with more roommate conflicts than usual, and they trended toward the three-person rooms.
That year, I also had a new RA on the girls' floor below me. Her name was Cherie. She was 19, blonde, southern, and very sweet. She looked like Elle Fanning, but a little taller. I soon confirmed she had the same great ass as Elle, and 34A boobs with quarter-sized pink nipples. She was fairly shy about sexual matters, but eager to learn once she got started.
One day late in Autumn, Cherie approached me nervously. "Ethan, would ya mind helpin' me with an RA thing?" Cherie often came to me for assistance, as my room was so close and I had much more experience as an RA. I quickly agreed to help with whatever she needed. "It's one of my three-person suites. A roommate dispute. They want me to mediate, but, well, I'm as stumped as a hen in a fox house. I'd feel more comfortable with another RA in the room, for accountability."
"Oh, sure. We've been having more and more of those this year. I'd be happy to sit in and observe. I'll only step in when you need me to."
"OMG, thank you so much! Okay, so here's a quick rundown on the goings-on. See-"
"Actually," I held up a hand. "I'd rather not be biased before entering the situation. I wanna go in fresh as I hear both sides of the story. Er, all three sides of the story."
Cherie paused, skeptical. "Are ya sure? It's a strange one."
"I'm sure I've heard it all before. Or, at least, I'm sure I've heard something similar enough before."
"Okay! Thanks again, so much! We're gonna meet in their room, 216, at 7:00." Cherie told me.
"Perfect. That gives us enough time to run over to the dining hall first. Shall we?"
***
"Are ya sure ya don't want a briefing on the situation?"
"I'm sure. Go ahead and knock on the door. Wait! Actually, just give me their names."
"Oh, good idea. Okay, the petite brunette is Erica. The brunette with the tits is Farrah. And the girl with the dyed blue hair is Tiffany."
"Great. Go ahead and knock."
Cherie knocked three times and the door quickly swung open to reveal a girl I assumed to be Erica. She was about 5'1", tan, shoulder-length curls, and what I'd estimate to be 32Bs. She was wearing a white sleeveless top, a pink bra I could see the sides and the straps of, and some denim shorts. She was cute and her round, cerulean eyes stopped me in my tracks.
Erica also stopped short as if she were surprised to see me. I realized that I had ferreted Cherie away right after she asked for my help, so she may not have had a chance to tell the girls I'd be coming. I stepped up to introduce myself. "Hi, I'm Ethan. I'm the RA on the next floor up. I'm just here to assist."
Erica flashed her big blue eyes at Cherie briefly and then back at me. "Ok, great! Thank you so much for coming. I'll take all the help I can get." She opened the door wider and let us in.
The room was dim: the overhead lights were off, but a couple lamps were lit in opposite corners of the room. The beds were back deeper into the room. Up close to the door, there was a living room setup, surrounding a cheap IKEA coffee table. Farrah and Tiffany were sitting on a mustard-colored loveseat. There was a turquoise squishy chair that I assumed Erica planned to sit in. Then there was one wooden stool, for Cherie I guessed. Erica dragged over a second stool to put next to the first, then took her seat in the turquoise chair. Cherie and I took our assigned seats. I noticed there was a bottle of wine and a couple half empty glasses on the table. In another setting, I would've been obligated to confiscate that contraband. In mediating roommate disputes, I sometimes looked the other way on alcohol. Light intoxication could get the various parties to open up faster. You just had to be careful that they didn't drink too much and escalate matters.
"Would you like some?" Farrah asked. She was quite striking. She was sitting, but I'd guess she was 6'0. She looked like she might be Turkish, based on her olive skin and deep brown eyes. I couldn't see much of her body, as she was wearing a Snuggie.
"No, thank you, but you go ahead." I answered. Cherie politely shook her head.
We all sat silently for a minute, waiting for someone to begin. I was looking at Cherie to kick things off and eventually she did. I could tell she was following the steps from our training manual with rote memorization.
"Ok, thank y'all for agreein' to this meeting. The first step in resolvin' conflict is talkin' about it. Now, Ethan's here to observe, but I haven't given him any sort of rundown on the happenins here. So, let's each take a turn explainin' our feelins and our goals for today. I'll start. I'm Cherie, I'm the RA, I feel happy to be a part of this effort to foster a better livin' situation, and my goal is to start a dialogue. Tiffany, you go next."
"Hi." Tiffany looked at me to introduce herself. She was the odd one out in this room. She looked to be about as tall as Farrah, but that's where the resemblance stopped. She was tall, fair-skinned, and edgy. Her hair was dyed an electric blue, but she also had shaved half her head. The blue side was straight and shoulder-length. She was wearing a black push-up bra (it's so difficult to tell with those, maybe a 28F?), black denim jeans she'd ripped into shorts, and thigh-high rainbow-striped socks. "I'm Tiffany!" College is an interesting place. Her bubbly personality didn't match her aesthetic at all. "I feel like everything is fine! Except that Erica is a bit of a wet noodle. But that's okay! We get along great most of the time. It's just every now and then, Erica gets kind of nosy or judgy." Tiffany turned to Erica now. "I'm just not sure what your deal is... if you wanna hang out with us, you're welcome to! But if you're not going to join us, I think you should just be respectful."
"Respectful!" Erica exclaimed. "It's you two, whenever I'm trying to study, who won't leave me alone! You're so distracting!"
Farrah spoke up, "Well, you could always go to a communal study room?"
"I shouldn't have to! This is my room!"
Cherie stepped in as the girls got more heated. "Now, Erica. It's each of y'all's room. They have as much right to the space as you do. That being said, Tiffany and Farrah, this is a university, and you gotta respect Erica's need for quiet time."
Tiffany volunteered, "I know, and that's my bad! I'm just not very good at being quiet!"
I was losing interest. If I'd heard it once, I'd heard it a thousand times. There's always one who wants to study and one who plays video games or watches TV too late into the night. Maybe it wasn't fair, but the one who wanted quiet usually won these things. The tv/music consumer would just have to wear earbuds. Cherie was doing fine. Bored with the conflict, I decided to focus more in on Cherie's methodology so I could give her a critique later. While of course, idly ogling the girls. What did Farrah look like under that Snuggie...
"Ok," I heard Cherie say. "I think what we need is to establish clear boundaries. Girls, y'all go about your evening as if we weren't here. Erica, tell us when what they're doin' interferes with your study time. Then, we'll discuss whether that's a fair limit or whether we need to set some different rules."
The girls each shrugged, but seemed to agree to the role play. Erica picked up a book and started reading. Tiffany and Farrah started making out.
That brought my attention screeching back to Earth.
I abruptly sat up straight and looked back and forth at each of the girls. Cherie was concentrating closely, but didn't seem surprised in the least. Erica was casually reading a book, seemingly unperturbed. Tiffany and Farrah were deep in their lip lock. Tiffany had turned 90 degrees and wrapped an arm around Farrah. She kissed her way from Farrah's lips, across her cheek, to nibble on her ear.
"So," Cherie narrated, "Tiffany and Farrah are making out. Does this bother anyone?"
Certainly didn't bother me. None of the girls spoke up either.
Farrah turned her head sharply and bit Tiffany on the tip of the nose. Tiffany pulled back in mock shock. Tiffany giggled and playfully slapped Farrah on the cheek so lightly it barely made a sound. Then she giggled again and swung herself into Farrah's lap, with a knee digging into the couch on each side of Farrah. With Tiffany's ass pointed straight at me now, I saw that her shorts were so short that her cheeks hung out the bottom of them. Her socks had individual compartments for each of her toes, which were also pointed right at me. In my peripheral vision, I saw Erica still reading as if everything were normal. As I watched, Tiffany unclipped her bra from the front and let her tits free, right in Farrah's face. Farrah bent her head and took a nipple into her mouth and started sucking gently. Tiffany squealed in pleasure and absentmindedly tossed her bra over her shoulder, where it landed right in Erica's book.
"Ok, now see, this is what I'm talking about!" Erica exclaimed as she threw her book down.
Cherie moderated, "So, it's when Tiffany gets topless that bothers you?"
"No, I'm fine with that." Erica corrected. "But you saw how she threw her bra right at me! That's distracting!"
Tiffany twisted her body around to look at Erica, bringing Farrah's face with her. Her right nipple was still in Farrah's mouth, and I saw some side boob from the left. "That was an accident! I promise. I just wasn't paying attention when I threw my bra away."
"Uh, huh, sure."
"Ok," Cherie interceded, "so if Tiffany can be more careful where she throws her clothes, would that be helpful? Can we continue, pretendin' that didn't happen?"
Erica opened her mouth to protest, but shut it again without saying anything. She picked her book back up, petulantly tossed Tiffany's bra onto her bed, and resumed reading.
Tiffany and Farrah continued making out. I couldn't see Farrah's hands on Tiffany's boobs, but Tiffany must've liked it. She was squirming in her seat and her toes were wiggling at me. I think Farrah pinched and pulled on Tiffany's nipple because Tiffany squealed suddenly and then dove at Farrah's neck. As Tiffany kissed Farrah's neck, down her collar bone, to the top of her chest, Tiffany scooted herself back and slipped onto the floor. She kept herself raised as high on her knees as she could. She dragged her hands down Farrah's shoulders, hooked her fingers on the top of the Snuggie, and pulled it off and down to Farrah's waist. My eyes bugged out as I saw that Farrah was completely topless under the Snuggie. Her 32DD tits were magnificent with chocolate kiss nipples. Tiffany leaned in to suck on one, while I stared at the other. Farrah smirked at me and gave me the bedroom eyes, before throwing her head back and smiling. Still, Erica read on. I admired her focus.
Tiffany continued to kiss her way down Farrah's torso and I was able to see Farrah's entire rack. I looked around at the other spectators. Cherie was leaning forward on her stool, watching intently. Erica was still reading, but occasionally her eyes would flick over to the sapphic lovers on the other couch. I heard a moan and turned my own attention back to the loveseat. Tiffany was on her knees, feet still pointed up at me. She was laying kisses in a circle around Farrah's belly button. With a chaotic giggle, Tiffany grabbed the Snuggie, ripped it the rest of the way off of Farrah, and tossed it over her shoulder, where it landed, unfortunately, over Erica's head like a lazy Halloween ghost costume.
Erica tore the Snuggie off her head, threw her book at Tiffany's ass where it smacked before bouncing to the ground, and then stood up and threw the Snuggie across the room. I could see she was about to explode, but like Tiffany, I couldn't pull my attention off Farrah's fully nude body.
"We JUST talked about this!" Erica screamed. "She did that on purpose!"
Tiffany giggled. "Ok, that time I did it on purpose. I'm just trying to get you to lighten up!"
Cherie interceded again. "Now, Tiffany. Don't be the lemon in the fruit salad. She asked you not to throw your things at her."
"Ok, ok, I promise. I won't throw anything else at her. Speaking of fruit salad, can I get to eating this pussy?"
Cherie asked the room at large, but mostly Erica, "Is everyone okay with that?"
"Yeah, that's not the part that bothers me." Erica answered.
"Ok, then continue so we can get to the bottom of this."
Tiffany scratched her nails down the inside of each of Farrah's thighs, from where her knuckles brushed Farrah's pussy, down to Farrah's knees. She took one wide swipe with her tongue along Farrah's outer labia, from the bottom to the top. Then she dug her chin between the folds and latched her lips around Farrah's clit, while her tongue flicked back and forth. Farrah pinched her nipples and moaned softly. I noticed that Erica was no longer even looking at her book, staring instead at the action to her left. I could see how she'd find Farrah's erotic moaning distracting, while she was trying to study. But more than that, Tiffany was a noisy eater. She hummed and smacked her lips. Her tongue sloshed around in Farrah's pussy. She breathed in heavily through her nose. If I were blindfolded, I'd still have a raging erection just from the noises in this room. As it were, my jeans were painfully tight.
Cherie noticed Erica's distraction too. "Erica?" Erica jumped as if she'd been caught. "Is this where the problem comes about?"
"Well...yeah. The noise is just so distracting..."
Tiffany took a break from eating, but instead shoved two fingers in Farrah. Without Tiffany's face in the way, I could see that Farrah had a trimmed rectangular bush. "I told you, I have trouble being quiet. I'm sorry!"
"Erica, could you wear earbuds while you study?" Cherie suggested.
"I do, and that's good enough for when Tiffany is munching on Farrah's rug. But when they switch..."
Cherie turned to the lovers, "Girls, if you would please."
Tiffany's eyes lit up. She stood and shimmied out of her tight shorts. Then, she bent at the waist as she pulled off her black thong. For a freshman, she had a nice ass. She and Farrah traded places, Farrah kneeling on the ground with her fat ass facing us, Tiffany sinking into the loveseat with her legs (still adorned in the thigh-high, rainbow-striped socks) spread in the air. Tiffany's bush was trimmed into the shape of a heart and dyed the same electric blue as her hair. I love college.
Farrah dove into Tiffany's pussy and it was immediately obvious why Erica objected to her roommates' behavior. Tiffany really could not keep quiet. From the first lick, Tiffany was squealing and moaning. When Farrah would suck on her clit, Tiffany would shriek and giggle and kick her legs back and forth at the knees. She was the loudest girl I'd ever heard. And that was before she started talking.
"Oh my gooood, Rah Rah! You eat my pussy so good! Oh yes! Oh, YES!! Oh, right there, right there, right there! Aip!" She threw her head back and forth and pounded on the seat cushions. She folded her right arm into a triangle above her head and buried her face in it, while her left hand pressed into the back of Farrah's head. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuuuuuuuuck. Yes yes yes yes yes! Oh baby, oh I love you so much. Please munch on my little clitty baby! Oh, you're gonna make me cum! You're gonna make me cum on that beautiful face of yours. Do you want a face full of my cum? Do you like my sweet pussy juices running down your chin? Yes! YES! Ayyyyyyyy!"
Tiffany undulated her hips and thrust up at Farrah's mouth. She held Farrah's head in place with both hands and ground her clit on Farrah's chin. When she finally did cum, Tiffany sucked in a lung full of air, held it, and then shrieked so loud I'm sure the neighbors could hear. As she came down from her orgasm, she slid to the floor in front of Farrah and the two girls made out with each other, wrapped together on their knees on the floor in front of us.
"If you didn't guess, this is the part that's too distracting." Erica reminded us why we were all here.
"Ah, right," Cherie agreed. I noticed her cheeks were flush.
"I'm sorry." Tiffany seemed genuinely apologetic, now that she had got an orgasm out of her system. "I don't know how to be any quieter."
"It's not just the noise though. Hearing and seeing all this gets me... well, I've just never felt anything like that. And then I'm distracted the rest of the evening...and sometimes still the next morning. It's driving me insane."
Farrah turned to Erica, "Well, masturbate. I'd be happy to lend you some toys. Or better yet, get a fuck buddy! That's what we did."
I interjected now, "Wait, wait. Just for clarification, you two each have fuck buddies? Have you been holding back on your sex with each other for Erica's benefit?"
"No," Farrah corrected. "We're each other's fuck buddies. Tiffany and I each have boyfriends back home. But within a few weeks of moving in, we realized that jilling off in our beds wasn't cutting it, so, one thing led to another and here we are."
"In that case," Cherie suggested, "could Erica join your fuck buddy arrangement?"
"Of course she could!" Tiffany's eyes lit up at the possibility. "I just didn't think she'd want to. She's always judging us for fucking in the room."
"No, I'm not! I'm looking at you with jealousy. You two are always excluding me! Ganging up on me!"
"Aw, sweetie. We never meant to exclude you! Please, be our third fuck buddy. I've actually been dying to know how your pussy would taste." Tiffany revealed.
"Well... I'm just nervous. You and Farrah seem so good at eating pussy. I've never been with a girl. And the guys I've been with, haven't really..."
"You poor girl! No wonder you're so pent up! Here, allow me." Tiffany pulled Erica to her feet. With a nervous glance around the room, Erica lifted her arms and allowed Tiffany to remove her shirt. Farrah, still kneeling, went to work unbuttoning Erica's shorts.
I looked over to Cherie, who seemed satisfied this mediation was heading in a productive direction.
Partially disrobed, Erica stood there in her matching lacy pink bra and panty set. The girls pulled their new friend with benefit to the couch. Farrah deftly removed Erica's bra with one hand and fondled her tits with the other hand, while making out with her. Erica's soft 32Bs were perfect on her frame. They were perky and supple, with little pink nipples that were just beginning to reharden, having wilted in her nervousness. Meanwhile, Tiffany was on her knees, pulling down Erica's pink panties. When she bent to maneuver them off Erica's feet, I saw that Erica was clean shaven. Tiffany turned toward Cherie, stretched Erica's panties across the index of one hand and the thumb of the other, and shot them into Cherie's lap. Tiffany then turned back to Erica and kissed her toes. She kissed her way languidly up Erica's foot, up her ankle, over her toned calves, and then along her inner thigh. She placed a gentle kiss above Erica's pussy, looked up into Erica's eyes, and waited patiently. Erica looked down into Tiffany's eyes and nodded, softly but confidently. The two blue eyed beauties never broke eye contact as Tiffany lowered her mouth the couple of inches to Erica's pussy and began to lick. Meanwhile, Farrah was doing her part by sucking urgently on Erica's nipples one at a time.
I heard a quiet moan from my right. I looked at Cherie, still perched in her stool, but now with one hand inside her Nike shorts and the other hand pulling at a nipple through her shirt. I wanted to pull out my cock, but I was afraid of disrupting the moment, so I sat and stewed.
The sloppy sounds of Tiffany eating brought my attention back to the threesome in front of me. Erica seemed to be enjoying having her pussy licked for the first time. Her cheeks were crimson, her brow was sweaty, and her breath was catching. She was biting her bottom lip and was moaning softly. She looked so lost in ecstasy that I'd bet she forgot Cherie and I were here. As her arousal heightened, she began to coo. "Ooh. Ooooh. Hmmm ahhhh. Hhhhhhhhhh. Hmmm. OoooooOOOOOH!" Erica's orgasm took her suddenly. She started pushing with both hands on the top of Tiffany's head, but Tiffany wouldn't budge. She ate Erica through her orgasm and into a second one. Tiffany only relented when Erica said, "Okay, okay! Stop stop I can't take anymore." And then breathed in and out a deep breath. As Erica lay there, basking in what may have been her first real orgasm, Farrah got up and crossed the room. Erica asked Tiffany, "Can I try?"
"Hmm, I'd love for you to. But I think we have something different in mind for the moment."
Farrah returned holding a big, black, strap-on dildo. Erica's eyes grew wide at the sight of it. Tiffany took the strap on and pulled the harness high on her waist. Something in the back of my mind laughed at the vision of these three nubile angels, all completely naked, except the blue-haired one wearing the rainbow socks and the black strap on. Farrah cleared the coffee table and lay Erica on it on her back. Then Farrah climbed on top in a 69 position. Tiffany got on her knees behind Erica and positioned the tip of the dildo at Erica's entrance. As the two brunettes began to tentatively lick each other's pussies, Tiffany eased herself into Erica's. Erica stopped licking for a few minutes and moaned loudly as she adjusted to the big dildo inside her.
My cock was aching in envy. I looked over to find Cherie rubbing herself furiously inside her shorts.
When Erica was ready, she went back to eating her first pussy. Tiffany began thrusting. The whole room was pungent with arousal. Tiffany was as vocal as ever. "Yeah, take it, take my dick, take this big black dick, Erica. Yeah I love to see you with your face buried in Rah Rah's pussy. You like it? You like eating that pussy? I bet you do, you dirty little slut. You're my new dirty little slut. Oh we're gonna fuck so much now. You thought it was hard to concentrate on studying before? I'm gonna take up residence under your desk and eat you out whenever you open a book. You're gonna come back from class to find me waiting at the door, naked and dripping. I'm gonna roll up my socks into balls, shove them in your wet pussy, let them soak up all your yummy juices, and then put the socks on and pull them up to my waist so I can walk around all day with your essence on me."
Tiffany thrust harder and harder as she spoke. Too hard, as it turned out. A loud crack interrupted the show in front of me and the IKEA coffee table collapsed under the weight of two college girls and their thrusting friend. Erica and Farrah crashed 18 inches to the floor and Tiffany toppled on top of them. I sprung to help, but the girls never stopped fucking. Tiffany giggled at falling over, but then resumed fucking Erica in now a prone bone position, while Farrah continued to eat her out. This position seemed to do the trick as Erica's moans got louder and more urgent. She had to stop eating Farrah's pussy and instead bit on her inner thigh as she came. Erica's body convulsed several times in this heap of freshmen girls until she finally let out a sigh of relief and rolled to her side, toppling Tiffany over again.
Tiffany giggled again, now laying on her back on the floor, and stomped her feet on the ground. "That was so much fun!! Oh we have got to do that again! I'm going online and buying that same coffee table again tonight! By the way, Ethan, why didn't you ever join in? You could have completed the Eiffel Tower and fucked Farrah. You must have the worst blue balls right now!"
Cherie stood up quickly. "Ladies, I'm glad we were able to help! I hope y'all can get along like three peas in a pod from now on." Cherie grabbed me by the hand and was already pulling me into the hallway. "Ethan and I will leave y'all to it!" she called as we ran toward her room.
As soon as we were safely inside Cherie's room, she stripped naked. "You're not the only one with blue balls. That table breaking interrupted my orgasm. Now come here! I have to thank you for helping me with the mediation!"
***
A few days later, in our staff meeting, we were taking turns updating each other about our work weeks. Cherie left out most of the details, but told everyone how I had helped her mediate a roommate dispute. I realized I'd never followed up, so I asked her how the girls were doing.
"Oh they're fitter than three fiddles at a Charlie Daniels concert. Now my problem is the rest of the rooms on the hall. I'm getting noise complaints six times a day!"