A few years ago, I went backpacking in Thailand with two mates. I found myself unexpectedly having the most erotic experience of my life in the most unexpected place.
After traveling for several weeks, enjoying the beaches and the partying that Thailand has to offer the three of us decided to "do the cultural bit" and set off for a jungle trek in the North of the country, bordering Burma. We signed up for a 20 man (or backpacker) group trek that would involve staying with the local indigenous "Karen" tribe in a very basic camp for three nights.
The trip also included an elephant trek and we all hoped that the group would be made up of other young backpackers with whom we could enjoy a drink, late night chats by a fire and share in backpacker stories. A good looking girl or two wouldn't go amiss either.
We arrived at the departure place and were pleased to see a good mix of other backpackers, both guys and girls, and we set off for our first days trek on the outskirts of the thai/burmese jungle.
Trekking through the Thai jungle is hot and sweaty work. After a couple of hours of tough going the group's fitness levels started to show themselves. I found myself in the lead group with my two mates, two dutch guys, and an English girl and her male friend. Originally I thought they were boyfriend and girlfriend but as the trek wore on, I got the impression he was definitely keener than she was.
As the only girl in the lead group, she was receiving plenty of attention, in particular from the Dutch guys. Rachel, as I later discovered she was called, was pretty. Not stunning, but cute. She had a cute butt covered by her cargo pants and a nice pair of perky breasts, outlined by her sticky and clingy white tshirt.
The Dutch guys were clearly starting to irritate Rachel's traveling companion, Mike. He confided to one of my mates that he had the real hots for Rachel and this trip was going to to take their friendship to the next level. They had apparently kissed earlier on the holiday when in Bangkok, and Mike was feeling confident that he would finally (after three years of friendship and flirting) get his girl.
By the time we reached camp we were all pretty exhausted. Our guide showed us the amenities, where we would be sleeping later that night and where we would be eating. It was already getting dark and after a days trek we were all looking forward to a relatively quiet night. Well apart from me. I had other ideas.
I had always been known as a fairly horny guy and having seen the sleeping arrangements I hatched a plan.
I hadn't yet spoken to Rachel. Not a word. We had glanced at each other a few times, and smiled. I had observed her interactions with Mike, and her slight flirting with the Dutch guys, and I now found myself sitting opposite her as we sat down around the fire to eat an amazing and very spicy fried rice for dinner.
The local guides got some very welcome cold beers out from storage and it didn't take long before everyone was relaxed and getting slightly pissed.
I listened to Rachel talk a bit during the evening, and laughed a lot at the Dutch guys, still clearly on the pull. I didn't say much but the more I looked at Rachel sitting across from me, the cuter she seemed to get.
Now pitch dark, the guides lit some more lanterns and after a couple of hours of drinking indicated that we should all head of to bed, since it was to be an early rise the next morning. I had an early rise of my own planned.
The large sleeping tent was raised off the ground and the only entrance was up a few wooden steps at one end. Once inside you entered a long room, similar to an army camp tent, lined with mats and sleeping bags on the floor, one next to another. All twenty of us would sleep in a long row.
I noticed Rachel was at the head of the queue of followers making her way towards the tent. The guide climbed the steps, told us not to worry about any strange jungle noises, and opened the tent door ushering Rachel and the rest of us in.
I had subtly and quietly moved up the queue until I was behind Rachel and Mike, and as the guide invited us in, Rachel and Mike were in deep conversation. They seemed to hesitate for a brief moment, so I seized the opportunity to go in first. I walked to the far end of the tent and claimed bed number one, the mat and sleeping bag next to the wall. Rachel and Mike followed, and pleasingly in that order claimed mats two and three. I would be lying next to Rachel which was fine by me.
The tent quickly filled up and soon all twenty mats were taken. There was a bit of light coming into the room still so I could make out Rachel in her bag next to me, and she was still chatting to Mike although I couldn't quite make out what they were saying. The conversation however then rapidly ended with a resounding "no Mike!" Rachel turned on her side so her back faced Mike, and instead she faced me, and from her look, she was pissed off.
I felt for Mike, but not too much.
Rachel and I still hadn't said a word to each other at this stage.
She caught my eyes looking at her and her face seemed to soften slightly, and change from angry to, in my eyes, sexy.
As the chatter in the tent died down, various messages of "good night" and "don't let the jungle bugs bite" were heard. Some worn out trekkers soon filled the tent with a variety of snoring noises, whilst next to me Rachel appeared to be trying to change into her pajamas in her sleeping bag. It didn't look easy, and every time she caught my look I was grinning more and more at the awkwardness of it all. I could tell that the more tangled she got and the more awkward it became the funnier she found it too.
Eventually she pulled the zip down in her sleeping bag so that she could untangle herself and remove her combats and change into her other top. Knowing this would be a bit revealing, and remembering that I was a complete stranger, Rachel initially turned her back to me. Perhaps realising that her choice was to potentially flash either Mike or me, I was extremely pleased when she rolled back over.
Smiling, she then removed her top revealing, just for a few seconds, her, far more beautiful than expected, perfect, perk breasts.
Rachel put her other top on but her eyes never left my glaze during the whole process, and she smiled as her breasts were out of sight again all too soon.
Now I was definitely horny. Sometimes being confident and arrogant serve me well in life and love, and I already had a reputation with my group of friends of going after a potential girl with a bit more regularity than most.
Keeping my eyes locked on Rachel, I slowly undid my sleeping bag zip right to the bottom.
I then lifted the bag open in an inviting way holding my arm in the air so that Rachel both knew she was being invited to join me, and also could see that under my boxers she had certainly already got my attention.
Mike was definitely still awake and I had noticed that he had also rolled onto his side facing towards me. He was now trying to see what I was doing but was partially blocked by Rachel's sleeping bag and body.
Rachel looked at me. Unsure what would happen next, I simply kept my position, arm in the air, inviting this stranger into my bed (or bag).
After what felt like a long minute, Rachel started to slide herself out of her sleeping bag as quietly as she could. She then slid towards me and quietly got into my sleeping bag. With two of us in there we couldn't do up the zip, but she snuggled up close and her hands wrapped around me. She started to touch me, my chest and my arms and slowly but wonderfully her hands moved down towards my boxers.
Just as I thought she was about to go further, she pulled her hand away to thankfully, my very short term disappointment.
Instead she rolled onto her back pulled her top off and then gently slid her pyjama bottoms off leaving her completely naked. She climbed on top of me and lay so that our faces were touching and the only thing left between us were my shorts. We kissed. Wow. She was a great kisser. I looked briefly across at Mike's bed and I am sure I saw him quickly shut his eyes. Had he seen? Could he make us out now in the light? Did he know Rachel was naked?
Anyway, I thought "I don't care, "fuck Mike!"
Actually I thought "fuck Rachel" all be it in a very different way.
Rachel's breasts were on my chest and her hard nips felt amazing. Her skin was soft and warm and I started to feel her all over.
Her hand then made its way down to my shirts and she slipped inside, feeling my rapidly hardening, and very much up for action, cock. She started to wank me under my shorts and then quietly took my shorts off and climbed on top of me, grabbing and guiding my cock towards her beautifully trimmed pussy.
Rachel was so wet when I entered her, and moaned slightly as I got a bit deeper. She quickly put her finger to her lips telling me that we must stay quiet, whilst slightly giggling. As she sat up and started riding me, I had no doubt that not only did Mike know that I was being fucked by the love of his life, but as later confirmed by my backpacker mates in beds 11 and 12 (half way down the tent) the rest of the touring party did too.
I fucked Rachel twice that night, once her on top and then we swapped. We both came a lot and when we weren't actually fucking we spent most of the night tasting and masturbating each other. I don't actually remember falling asleep.
However, we were the last two to wake the next day and Rachel was still naked in my sleeping bag when we did. We got dressed and made our way out of the tent to the fire, where everyone was gathered.
At breakfast, a couple of things happened.
Firstly, Mike angrily announced to no one in particular, that he was going back to England as soon as the trek was done. Mike and Rachel couldn't look at each other and he avoided me like the plague.
Secondly, the guides asked the group to get in pairs for the days elephant trek.
At this point, I got up, walked across to where Rachel was sitting and in front of everyone said, "Hi, I'm Tom, do you want to go on an elephant trek with me?"
She burst out laughing, stood up, extending a hand to shake and replied, "Hi I'm Rachel, I was hoping you might say something like that. I would love to!"
Rachel and I ended up having a great elephant experience that day where she jerked me off and briefly sucked me off on the top of an enormous elephant. We ended up travelling around Thailand together for the next couple of weeks, and enjoyed a lot more sex, but thinking back to that first time, it was the only time in my life that I have ever fucked someone before even saying hello.
True Story