Arrow straightened their top hat. "Now, then, welcome back to the Strip-Off, everyone! Previously, we introduced our ravishingly sexy contestants. Today, we will be starting our first challenge: wrestling!"
Spotlights turned on, and the lights and the gazes of the audience were directed towards a large wrestling ring, covered in a generous amount of oil.
Arrow began to explain. "Alright, here's how this works. We'll be throwing all of these lovely ladies into this arena. When I say 'GO!', they will all try to push each other out of the arena. No choking, no hitting, no excessive violence. If someone is pinned down for 10 seconds, or if they tap out, they have to leave the arena."
The audience cheered- who wouldn't love to see five gorgeous, oil-covered ladies wrestling and groping each other on stage?
Arrow explained some more. "Now then- there are also punishments for losing, of course." He held up a remote. "This remote will remove segments of those lovely bodysuits these ladies are wearing. And remember, ladies- you're not allowed to change out of those outfits between episodes, so you'll have to walk around town in whatever amount of fabric is left on your body until the very end of the season, in 3 months!"
Lilith raised her hand. Arrow nodded, and Lilith proceeded to ask:
"How much clothing will we be losing per round?"
Arrow shrugged. "Well, there are 5 episodes, and five segments in each of your suits that you could potentially lose- arms, then legs, then midriff, then top, then bottom. Each episode, 5 pieces of suit will be removed, assuming none of you incur any penalties for cheating. So, in theory, all of you could be naked by the end of the show."
Shelly asked, "What happens if you lose clothes you don't have?"
Niko asked, "And how do you win the prize money?"
Arrow laughed. "We'll save those explanations for when they are needed. Gotta keep some surprises in store, right? Needless to say, you'll want to keep all your clothes. Don't be too prudish with your bodies, though- that's bad for ratings!"
Amy Redhill cracked her neck. "Well, a strength challenge first, huh? This is a bit biased in my favor, no?"
Arrow shrugged. "I don't know. How about all you ladies oil yourselves up in front of our lovely audience, and get this challenge started? Then we'll see who really comes out on top!"
Each woman was handed a bottle of oil. Amy and Niko both made sure to apply it liberally to their bodies, and Shelly made a big show of running her hands over her body as she did so. Felicia and Lilith didn't apply very much, though- they were both fairly embarrassed at oiling themselves up.
The audience took a moment to appreciate the shapely figures glistening in front of them. All of the girls looked even hotter coated in oil, the shimmering light highlighting and accentuating their curves.
The girls took their places, spreading out in the ring. It was hard to keep their footing on the mat, though, due to the oil.
Arrow Ace shouted: "Alright! Ready! Set! GO!"
As soon as Arrow said go, Amy Redhill immediately tackled Felicia, who was to her left, and pushed her out of the ring.
Arrow sighed. "Well, that was fast." He clicked his remote twice- and parts of Felicia's suit started to peel off of her body. Soon enough, her shapely legs and arms were completely exposed- despite still being generously covered, she blushed a bit as the audience ogled her thick, firm thighs and perky shoulders greedily.
Meanwhile, the others in the ring were readying themselves, trying to gain footing on the slippery ground. Thinking quickly, Lilith dropped to the ground and began sweeping away oil on the floor. Wiping her hands off, she managed to get a decent amount of oil off of her- she seemed to be planning to hold her ground by using friction. Of course, the entire audience got a good view of her petite, perky ass, and she quickly turned to try to hide herself from the audience.
Niko was eying Amy warily as she wrestled Felicia out of the ring. Amy got up, dusted her hands off, and grinned. "Who's next?"
Niko turned to the other contestants. Shelley, who seemed to just be twerking her hips for the audience, wasn't even looking at her opponents, and Lilith seemed to be trembling as she held her four-legged doggy position on the mat, playing defensively.
"Guys, we need to take Amy out TOGETHER or else we're ALL going to get our clothes removed!"
Lilith looked up at her. "I can't do much besides defend, though! What-"
Amy grinned. "Hey, teaming is no fair!" She proceeded to quickly move towards Lilith and try pushing her. She didn't budge, though- her tactic had worked.
Lilith struggled to keep her hands and feet on the mat, within the ring- she curled her fingers and toes and dug into the mat. Amy switched tactics and pinned her down to the mat instead, sweeping out her legs and laying on top of her.
Niko cursed ("Whoa, language, lady!" Arrow said), and ran towards them to try and get Amy off of Lilith. She figured that she wouldn't be able to take Amy out without any help, and Shelley was being useless. I'll just shove her out later, Niko thought to herself.
Unfortunately, despite Niko's attempts, Amy just had too strong of a grip- she had pinned Lilith down for ten seconds, and Lilith was forced to tap out. She awkwardly stumbled out of the arena after doing so, blushing as her arms were exposed.
Arrow scratched his head. "Honestly, I don't know why you're blushing over your naked arms, of all things. So prudish..."
Niko grimaced. "Shoot."
Amy smiled. "You're next, Niko! I'll get Shelley later."
Niko thought quickly. She gathered up some oil and tossed it in Amy's eyes, then tried leaping onto her. Amy struggled and managed to get on top of Niko. The crowd cheered as the two intertwined bodies rolled through the oil, their breasts slipping against each other and their legs locked together in an erotic display of slippery manhandling.
Shelley was watching this from afar. She went up to Amy and Niko, where they were still fighting on the ground. Shelley smiled. "You two sure look like you're enjoying yourselves, huh...? I bet you would just loooove getting pinned down by Niko there..."
Amy hesitated a moment, and Niko jumped on the chance. She turned Amy over with the last of her strength, locked Amy's legs, and pinned her arms behind her back. Amy, of course, would have easily been able to break free, but she seemed to be a bit distracted by Shelley, who was now smirking at Amy's predicament.
Shelley's voice became sultry and powerful. "You LIKE that, don't you, Amy? Who knew such a big, strong girl like you was secretly a masochist... And revealing it in front of such a huge audience...!"
Amy moaned as Shelley lightly stepped on her shoulder, helping Niko pin her down. "Nooo... It's not true... I... mmmgh..."
Amy moaned louder as she suddenly became more conscious of Niko's breasts being pushed up against her, Niko's breath on her neck, Niko's scent invading her nostrils. Arrow started the countdown for the pin.
Niko grinned. "Heh, you're better than I thought. Too bad for you though- it'll be just us once I finish this pin, and I'm straight as an arrow- your tricks won't work on me." (Arrow indignantly pointed out that they were not straight.)
The countdown continued. 5... 4...
Shelley smiled. "I dunno, Niko. I think I already tricked you."
Niko's eyes widened as Shelley pushed both Niko and Amy out of the ring with her foot, who were oiled, entangled and unable to resist due to their rolling through the ring trying to fight each other.
Arrow shouted out. "Aaaand that's it folks! Shelley has won the first episode of Strip Off: Season One! Let's give her a round of applause!"
The audience cheered as Shelley struck a pose, jutting her hips and stepping on the two still-entangled contestants.
Amy mumbled incoherently. "Mmm... noooo... I'm not a masochist... I don't like being pinned down... I don't fantasize about dominant girls..."
Arrow knelt down and smiled at Amy, holding a mirror up to her face. "You sure about that, Amy? It would feel a lot better if you admit to your perversions. We're all perverts here, ya know?"
Amy's eyes widened. Her face was burning a deep scarlet red. Her mouth and eyes seemed like they wanted to scream out the words, "Fuck me!" Her tongue was even hanging out of her mouth, and she was panting rapidly.
Niko snorted. "Calm down, you big idiot. We just lost. You can masturbate later if you need to."
Shelley pressed down on Niko's back harder. "Ohhh no no no you don't! Arrow hasn't removed your clothing yet, and I feel like seeing some girl-on-girl action today. Don't you agree, audience?"
The audience cheered- hundreds of men and women eagerly disrobed and began to masturbate.
Arrow smiled. "Well then, let's get these two lovely ladies out of their clothes and watch them get to work, hmm?"
He hit his remote, and cloth fell away to reveal Niko and Amy's toned, defined arms, still sleek and smooth-looking from the oil.
Niko sighed. "Well, I suppose I have no choice, huh...?" She leaned in to whisper in Amy's ear. You're a real slutty, horny bitch, huh? Getting turned on by being pinned down by two women who are weaker than you..." She leaned down a bit and started nibbling at Amy's neck.
Amy gasped and moaned, squirming around and yet not making a real effort to escape. She thrashed her hips against Niko's legs, seemingly desperate for an orgasm even as she moaned out feeble cries like "Nooo, not there, please..." and "Mmm...!"
Finally, Amy just lost it. She started begging. "Please, please, please make me cum. I'm a masochistic slutty bitch who loves being stepped on by girls, I'm a closeted lesbian in heat who wants to be kissed and have a tongue shoved in her mouth, pleeeease..."
Niko laughed. "I'm straight. No way in hell am I making out with you. But torturing you, well... THAT I can do."
Amy closed her eyes and moaned as Niko started pecking and nibbling at Amy's face. This is actually sorta fun, Niko thought, feeling the weight of Shelley's foot on her back and the smoothness of Amy's body beneath her. She felt powerful, and quite pleasant. No matter how much Amy begged for Niko to shove her tongue in her mouth, Niko's pecks, nibbles, and kisses stayed just out of reach of Amy's lips.
Finally, Shelley lifted her foot off of Niko, and Niko got off of Amy, who lay on the floor trembling. There were some small marks and hickeys along her neck and on her shoulder. "I wanna cum..." she moaned.
Shelley giggled. "If you wanna cum, you'll have to do it yourself, in front of aaaaaall these people, and admit that you really, REALLY enjoyed Niko's teasing."
Amy blushed, but put her hand between her legs, and started rubbing her clit over her clothing. Her pussy was already wet with arousal, and everyone could tell thanks to a noticeable dark spot on the suit. It didn't take long for her to reach orgasm- she did so while calling out Niko's name, imagining her attacking her and humping her and kissing her madly. The audience cheered, and many of them came with her.
Niko groaned. "I'm not your girlfriend. Refrain from calling out my name, would ya? Horny little bitch..."
Amy hid her face, realizing what she had just done. "Whatever you say, Niko..."
Arrow took a bow. "That seems like a good way to end the first episode, folks! What a wild ride! See you next week for more sexy, sexy challenges!"