Author's Note:This installment can be read independently, but you will better understand and appreciate the characters and situations if you read the previous chapters. This chapter is somewhat transitional, developing the characters by exploring their motivations, boundaries, and fantasies. But don't worry; there is still a healthy dose of sex—including anal (you've been warned—or promised). All characters are over 18, and although this story is inspired by actual events, any similarity to real persons or events is purely coincidental and unintentional.
__________________________
I was worried about the possibility of embarrassment or awkwardness following our night of debauchery and sex-laced games. We had played strip poker and truth or dare, got carried away, and all ended up naked. We touched, licked, made sexual confessions, and experienced several "firsts"—my girlfriend, Joy, licked our roommate Sadie's pussy, and our sexually inexperienced roommate, Tara, had her first contact with an erect cock by giving me a full-on blowjob. Openly in front of our friends.
Fortunately, none of us evinced awkwardness or regret. Instead, we casually accepted, were comfortable with our experiences, and embraced our vanishing sexual reticence and inhibitions. And after spending hours naked together, to no one's surprise, we became less concerned about covering our bodies. Nothing extreme, though. We didn't all suddenly become nudists and hang around all day naked.
Still, what I think of as the "Plato's Effect"—the rapid evaporation of our modesty and sexual inhibitions following an evening at the famous sex club, Plato's Retreat—continued. The ensuing ripple effect influenced and changed all of us, especially our roommate, Tara, who hadn't even been with us at Plato's. Our erotic games night had been a giant step along that continuum.
**********
The morning after our unexpectedly sexual games, something caused me to swim lethargically out of a deep slumber. I was lying naked on the sofa bed in our apartment's living room when I sensed someone's presence, of being watched.
I struggled to unglue my sleepy eyelids, and as my eyes reluctantly peeled open, I was initially confused about what I was seeing. Floating dark shapes... no, feathers... a fan of feathers floating on a golden wall. My eyes focused, and my brain managed to crawl out of its sleep fog and interpret my vision: Joy's gorgeous pussy. Joy was standing next to the bed, her crotch strategically placed inches in front of my sleeping face.
Joy swayed her hips gently, taunting and inviting. Her dark feathery pubic hair fanned over and framed her swollen labia, beautifully set off against her tawny-golden skin. I breathed in her tantalizing aroma as it wafted from her aroused sex.
My cock, already half sporting morning wood, sprung to attention and pointed at Joy like a divining rod. I drank in the sight of Joy's black pubes, which lightly tickled her labia and glistened as if sprinkled with dew that reflected the sunlight.Damn, she's sexy—and wait... is she wet?
I reached out and stroked Joy's thigh, then brushed a finger slightly between her swollen labia—definitely wet. I spread her juices along her cleft. My mind was functioning sufficiently to make obvious inferences by then.Yes, wet, so she's horny. Mmm, nice.
"Morning, lover," Joy said in a sing-song voice. "I woke up dreaming crazy, sexy, and very realistic dreams. Something about all of us getting naked and really naughty last night. Know anything about that? I seem to be unusually horny this morning."
Joy wiggled her pelvis and thrust her pussy almost onto my lips, then stepped back. "I thought maybe you could help me with that. That is if you're interested..."
I drank in the rest of Joy's figure—nude, compact, delicious. A dancer's body. Above her fine pubic hair were toned abs and round, perfect handful-sized tits, with brownish-pink nipples standing tall and erect. She had some Asian ancestry, reflected in her long straight jet-black hair and slightly almond-shaped chocolate-brown eyes that twinkled with amusement and arousal.
"You are a sex fiend and have an overactive imagination," I murmured through my smile. "You'll have to tell me all about your sexy dream sometime," I added, stretching and giving an exaggerated yawn to feign sleepiness.
Joy grasped my rock-hard cock, lifting it so I rolled onto my back. She squeezed it and moved it around like an oversized gaming joystick. "Looks like I'm not the only horny one here, mister man," she chuckled. "I've got to pee, but you'd better be right here, exactly like this, when I get back." Then, giggling, she skipped off across the living room, across the kitchen, to the bathroom. Still naked.
I lay still, horny and euphoric, my mind swirling with memories of the previous night's escapades. Joy was back in what seemed an instant.Did she even have time to pee? I don't seem to be tracking time here.
Without preamble, Joy bounced onto the bed, straddled me, and lowered her wet pussy onto my rigid dick. I had a split second to register my delight and surprise.Wow, she wasn't kidding about being really horny; this is a new side of Joy.
We both exhaled forcefully as Joy dropped, taking me completely inside her in one smooth motion. She leaned forward and rubbed her clit against my pelvis—her favorite accelerated-orgasm-while-fucking maneuver—and started grinding, sliding, and riding me. It was no slow love-making.
I leaned up and nibbled Joy's nipples, sucking one, then the other, as she increased the intensity and speed of our fucking. Then I grabbed her bum cheeks, pulled them open, and used them as a handhold to move her up and down my cock. I felt her vagina tighten and ripple, causing my balls to churn with pending eruption. We both grunted and panted with heavy breaths, taken over by our primal sexual cravings.
Only minutes passed before Joy cried out, and her body shuddered, her pelvis undulated. Her vagina clamped on my prick as her orgasm radiated from her loins and out over her body. Joy's climax triggered my own. I pulled her tight against my cock and shot a considerable quantity of semen deep into her rippling vagina. She sat up, and I cupped her boobs, feeling her hard nipples in my palms. I stayed inside her as my spasms slowed, then became little pulsing quivers. Finally, Joy collapsed onto me, both of us panting from the exertion, sweat glistening over our naked bodies.
"Wow, that was some wake-up call," I sighed. "I believe I'm starting to recall something about last night. Probably I just need more memory-triggering sex to be sure."
Joy slid off me, causing my softening dick to slip out of her warm wet folds; a small glob of semen oozed out and fell onto my thigh. "You're a goof. But a sexy goof." She smiled, leaned in, and kissed me. "And now I have to pee again."
The sound of light applause startled us. "Bravo! That was quite the show," Sadie's voice chimed. We looked at the source of the appreciation. We saw Tara and Sadie standing by the bedroom doorway, smiling broadly and softly clapping.
Joy jumped up, gave a faux bow, and returned to the bathroom. I lay still for a moment, trying to process what was happening—how things had changed so dramatically over just a few days. How, somehow, I was lying stark naked with my semi-flaccid cock glistening with pussy juices and cum, fully exposed in front of my two female roommates. And no one was freaking out. Or even acting as if this were unusual.
And, despite my slowly-functioning morning brain, I couldn't help but register how sexy our private voyeurs looked. Sadie wore tiny panties and a thin, crop-top tank that did nothing to hide the shape and color of her nipples or the outline of her pussy. Tara wore a loose t-shirt that barely covered her crotch. I had a fleeting glimpse of what I was sure was her uncovered pussy.
"Well, glad you enjoyed it, but the show's over for now, folks," I said, swinging my legs off the bed and sitting up. I then stood, still naked, and faced the two women. I suddenly felt a bit awkward, so I covered it with levity. I bowed slightly and said in a poor Liverpudlian accent, "I'd like to thank you on behalf of the group and ourselves, and I hope we passed the audition."
Sadie smiled, recognizing the John Lennon quote. Tara missed the reference entirely.
Sadie moved first and gave me a light lingering kiss on the lips. "Morning, Mac, like some coffee?" She grasped my slippery dick, tugged as if giving me a handshake, and grinned broadly.
"And I think I speak for all the judges when I say the two of you passed the audition with flying colors. We look forward to future performances."
"Why thank you, as do I," I said with a slight tip of my head, then watched Sadie sway her hips as she walked to the kitchen.
Tara then stepped in, also kissed me on the lips, and spoke softly, sounding somewhat out of breath. "That was another first for me—seeing actual sex in real life—it was amazingly hot to see." She winked at me and ducked back into the bedroom. I tried to see if she wore panties but couldn't get a good look.
Over the next few days, our comfort with nudity around each other continued to relax, aided by the oppressive New York summer heat in an apartment without air conditioning. Joy would pop to the bathroom in a long t-shirt with no panties or go topless back to the women's shared bedroom where she kept her clothes. But, of course, for Joy, nudity wasn't a big deal around us—her boyfriend and two other women. Her comfort level was different compared to before we went to Plato's. And I, personally, never tired of seeing her naked.
Sadie would hang around in a long t-shirt and panties, not bothering to get fully dressed. Her nipples were often visible through her tops, perky and erect atop her petite, soft breasts. A couple of times, I saw Sadie topless in just panties while leaving the bathroom and walking topless through the living room to the bedroom, carrying her shirt in her hand. She also tended to wear tiny panties that exposed much of her bum cheeks. Panties that formed well-defined camel-toes for my viewing pleasure.
Tara still generally covered herself, but occasionally she popped from bath to kitchen or bedroom with only a towel wrapped around her chest. The towel would cover her boobs but barely cover her pussy and ass—more than once, I had the added treat of seeing her bare labia flashing as she moved.
Interestingly, Tara seemed less concerned with exposing her butt or pussy than showing her boobs—seemingly the reverse of most women. For example, once she scampered from the bathroom to the bedroom with a towel wrapped around her hair and holding a loose towel and brush in front of her boobs, leaving her entire lower body nude and exposed from the belly button down. Although it seemed unusual, I did not mind this behavior at all.
I generally spent my evenings wearing only loose gym shorts, commando-style. I had no reason to wear a shirt anyway and didn't want to in the heat. I loved the women's lack of physical modesty—I reveled in seeing every naughty bit of each one of them whenever possible.
Several days after our games-night sexcapades, the four of us lounged in the living room after a light summer meal. We chatted amiably and drank cold cocktails and generally felt mellow and reflective. The conversation inevitably turned to sex.
As we got slightly buzzed, we remembered details from Plato's Retreat that we hadn't shared before and relived the unforgettable ones: the nudity, writhing bodies openly having sex, people swapping or sharing partners, and the overall bizarreness of the experience.
Although Tara hadn't gone with us, she was fascinated by our experience and often grilled us on details, suggesting that she had some regrets about missing out. Then we bantered about our games-night antics; what aroused us (so much nudity, touching and sexual stimulation), surprised us (most everything involving Tara), or was humorous (strip-teases, ice cream fight).
When the conversation naturally led to an opening, Joy, Sadie, and I fessed up and told Tara the strip poker game was not spontaneous, how we planned it, and that the primary goal was getting Tara naked.
Tara paused a moment, her face revealing focused thinking. Then she made a decision and called for our attention as if she were about to give a speech. "Ok, guys, I have something to say about that."
We looked around at each other with some wariness. Then, we looked expectantly at Tara.
"I appreciate your admitting that playing strip poker was a setup to get me—the naive innocent—naked. Well, I'd guessed you were scheming something but didn't know exactly what. Once the suggestion of sexy cards came up, though, I had a pretty clear idea of what you were planning; I'm not so innocent that I didn't know perfectly well what the primary goal of strip poker is. I mean, duh, it's in the name."
We all felt a mix of surprise with a modicum of guilt. Uncertainty as to Tara's state of mind—was she angry?
Tara paused, allowed us a moment of consternation, then relieved us of our misery. "Well, if you thought your little plan worked too perfectly, it was because I was knowingly playing along. After hearing so much about your Plato's Retreat visit, I was curious, interested, and a little horny." She smirked at our dumbstruck expressions. "I was intrigued and wanted to join in what you made sound so fun. I wanted to see what it was like to get naked with a group like you guys did."
The three of us reacted to Tara's words by looking back and forth at each other with confusion and surprise.
Tara smirked, eyes twinkling. Then she broke into a broad smile. "And I loved every minute of it!"
We all sighed and grinned with relief.
"Well, cheers to that," I said. I raised my glass in a toast. "Here's to a well-designed plan with very successful results." We smiled and drank. "And I must say, the game's results were beyond anything I'd imagined." I looked pointedly at Tara. "Particularly with you—I can't decide if I'm more surprised or confused—but either way, I'm thrilled." Tara smiled coyly, blushing.
Joy sat silently for a moment, looking at me, then Tara. Her face focused as she appeared to be musing over Tara's revelations. "Ok, now that you've mentioned it again, and because we all clearly had the wrong impression of your sexual boundaries, maybe you can clarify some things for us."
Tara gave a little smile and waited patiently to look at Joy. Tara finally prompted, "Well, such as?"
Joy looked at Sadie and me as if what needed clearing up was evident. Sadie and I simply smiled, enjoying Joy's awkward moment.
"Ok," Joy began. "Well, to start, you've made it clear that you weren't willing to go beyond over-the-clothes petting and kissing until the right guy came along or maybe save yourself until you marry?" Joy furrowed her eyebrows. "Doesn't getting naked in a group of people go against that? And you did more than just kiss and touch over clothes. I mean, you gave Mac a blowjob in front of us. Are we missing something here?"
Tara smiled. "Well, the short answer is, I said I would wait until the time was right to go further, and it was." She glanced at each of us, then elaborated. "With you three, friends I trust and care for, the situation seemed appropriate for me to let myself go a little—test the waters a bit—and explore. In other words, the right time, place, and people." She lifted her chin. "And just because I've decided to save my virginity until I'm with the right guy or marriage doesn't mean I'm not sexually curious and don't get horny like everyone else."
We absorbed that in silence. Then, Tara added, "And anyway, we weren't having sex, so it's not like I trashed my principles or broke my promise to myself."
The evening's activities flashed through my mind. Everyone getting fully naked; touching each other's genitals; licking nipples and boobs; watching oral sex up close; Joy tonguing Sadie's labia, clit, and fingering her pussy; and Tara giving me a full-fledged blowjob complete with swallowing. Judging from Sadie and Joy's looks, they were thinking along the same lines.
"So," Joy said slowly. "What exactly do you consider 'sex'? Where is the line for you?"
Tara looked at Joy as if a child had asked a rudimentary question with an obvious answer. She sighed, then answered patiently, as if she were a teacher instructing a student. "Sex is intercourse—a penis in a vagina. Simple as that." She held up her hand in a "wait" gesture. "And, in case you were going to ask, even if the guy doesn't ejaculate inside her vagina, it is still sex."
I was pretty sure that was no one's follow-up question.
Sadie chimed in. "So, what about oral sex, by or on a guy or girl—either way—that doesn't count as 'sex'?"
"Of course not," Tara shook her head. She looked at the three of us as if perplexed by our naiveté.
"I think we all understand that penis inside vagina equals sex," Joy said. "We're just trying to see if other lines exist. For example, what about something other than a penis inside a vagina—like a finger? Or dildo or some other object?"
Tara crooked her head a little and pursed her lips. "I think you're wondering if the 'line,' as you call it, is vaginal penetration. Some might think so, but I don't agree—the 'virgin only if her hymen is not broken' is an outdated and unrealistic view." She paused, probably waiting for us to nod and agree. But we just waited for her to continue.
"A finger is not a penis, obviously. Fingers can't get you pregnant, and fingering does not have the same intimacy that real sex does. Or how I imagine it would. Or..." She looked pointedly at me, then Joy, then smiled. "Or how it looks in real life. And I hadn't really thought about it, but I guess the same goes for a dildo. Again, it isn't sex."
Years later, I would recall this whole conversation and think that Bill Clinton would wholeheartedly agree with and love Tara's philosophy.
"Ok," I summarized. "Fingering or inserting something other than a dick in a vagina is ok; it's not sex." Tara nodded silently, and I continued, counting off on my fingers. "And manual stimulation, sucking a cock, and licking a pussy is also not sex." Again, Tara nodded. "So, I'm assuming that a finger in the butt is also no problem since it involves neither a penis nor a vagina." Tara gave me a quizzical look, unsure where I was going with this, but then tentatively nodded her agreement.
I glanced at Joy, who focused her logical brain on our exchange, and Sadie, who smirked knowingly, seeing where I was going. Then, I turned back to Tara. "Ok, just so we're clear here, purely hypothetically speaking. So, if someone had anal sex—inserted a penis into the rectum—that would also not count as losing virginity because it would not be 'having sex'?"
Tara pondered that one; a cute, serious, "I'm concentrating" look played over her features. Finally, she nodded, a determination reached. She looked at us and confidently said, "Anal sex does not count as 'losing virginity' sex, so yes, that is something someone—including me—could do at some point and still be a virgin."
My jaw dropped as I processed this statement and the personal implications of her words.
"I'll drink to that," Sadie laughed and held up her glass. "Here's to all sorts of hot, 'not-sex' fun."
We all drank, and the conversation wandered into other topics. My mind whirled, though, each time I looked at Tara—and saw her in an entirely new light.
The following night the night was sweltering, and we had only an electric oscillating fan to provide some respite from the heat. Joy and Tara started giving each other a foot massage, and I sprawled on the couch with my head on Sadie's lap. Sadie lightly stroked my head, which felt terrific.
"Shit, it's so hot tonight," Tara said. "So stuffy and humid. I really miss having air conditioning when it's like this."
"Take your shirt off; you'll feel cooler," I muttered, half paying attention. "That way, the fan can hit your skin."
"Makes sense to me," Joy added. "Don't know about you, but I think I'll do just that." She pulled off her loose t-shirt, freeing her pert breasts to the air, her brownish-pink nipples hardening in the breeze. "Ah, that's better already."
"That does look cooler, and why should guys be the only ones free to be bare," Sadie smiled and looked down at my shirtless torso. "It's only fair that I can also set my girls free." I felt Sadie moving and glanced up from her lap to see her pull off her shirt.
I had never seen boobs from underneath like that. My eyes followed the gentle curve of Sadie's petite boobs, up to where I could just see the tips of her nipples peeking over the top of her under-curve. Her pink areolae and nipples constricted and hardened instantly.Oh, I like this.
My cock pulsed and swelled to a semi-erection in my loose gym shorts, responding to the view. I reached up and lightly ran my finger along the bottom of Sadie's soft boob, causing her to giggle.
"Hey, that tickles," Sadie said. Then she turned to Tara with a mischievous glint. "Ahh, the fan really does feel so nice and cooler. It would make you feel better and give us a nice treat, hint, hint."
Sadie's comment about seeing Tara's bare tits triggered memories of Sadie fondling, licking, and sucking Tara's ice cream-smeared boobs and nipples during our games night. My cock hardened at the thought. My pleasant reverie was broken, however, by Tara's unexpected reaction.
Tara sat, still holding Joy's foot in her hands. She looked from Joy to Sadie. "Well, easy for you two; you have such beautiful breasts. Not like my blobs of excess baggage."
We all turned to look at Tara with a mixture of confusion and incomprehension.
"What? What are you talking about? You have beautiful boobs," Joy said. Sadie and I both nodded our concurrence.
Tara tightened her lips and shook her head. "Yeah, right, and I've got a bridge to sell you."
Joy looked baffled. "You're joking, right? How can you not know what gorgeous boobs you have? Your boobs are as close to perfect as I've seen: size, shape, color, firmness, all dream-worthy. I should be so lucky—if I had your body, I would be proud to show it off anywhere I could."
Sadie concurred. "Sorry, but I have to agree with Joy. You have fantastic tits, young lady!"
I watched the exchange, perplexed, as only men can be in these situations.Is Tara serious? How can she actually not like her tits? Or is she fishing for compliments? So confusing.
I interrupted the flow of the conversation. "Ok, hey, I need some help here. Tara, I look at you, look at your boobs, and see a beautiful, sexy, perfectly proportioned woman with perfect breasts—beautiful breasts. What can you possibly not like about them?"
Joy chuckled. "Mac, you think all tits are beautiful." She cupped her boobs as if offering them to me and gave me an air kiss.
"Hush, I'm serious here," I said, but unable to keep my eyes from crinkling. "I mean it; I really want to understand this. I'm just an ignorant man here."
Tara sat silently a moment, then responded. "Ok, I feel self-conscious about showing my tits because they are too big and get in the way; they bounce around like blobby-yucks if I'm not wearing a bra, so I have to wear one, which I don't like to do. Sometimes I don't care, and sometimes I like them and how they feel, but I'm usually embarrassed by them. Especially compared to Joy's and Sadie's, which are the perfect shape and size. I would happily show off my boobs if I had theirs."
Joy, Sadie, and I absorbed this in silence. I'm sure they were trying to reconcile our reality with Tara's critical—and, from our viewpoint, misguided—self-assessment. Wondering how to assure Tara that all parts of her—and most certainly her boobs—were beautiful, natural, and nothing to be ashamed of without dismissing her feelings.
I, on the other hand, was just plain mystified. And I didn't know what "blobby-yucks" were but refrained from inquiring for fear of seeming ignorant. Although I agreed with the part about Sadie and Joy having fantastic tits.
A thought occurred to me as I pieced together what Tara just said about her choices during our game night. I mused aloud. "So, the other night, when we played strip poker... you took off your panties and showed your pussy before showing your boobs—"
"Because I was self-conscious about you guys seeing my boobs," Tara interjected. "Well, at first, anyway. I did get over it, as you well know. But didn't really care about showing my pussy, because there's basically nothing there to see."
My mind froze, and I was devoid of any comeback or response to that. I silently moved my mouth as if to form words but gave up and clamped it shut.Wow. I really don't understand women. But if this means I can see Tara's luscious pussy more often, who am I to try to dissuade her of her views?
Sadie redirected the conversation back to Tara's misperception of her boobs. "Tara, first of all, there is definitely something pretty amazing to see between your legs, but let's leave that for the moment."
Sadie continued with uncharacteristic seriousness. "You are beautiful, sexy, and have a body most women envy and wish they had. Most of us women are insecure about something with our bodies. I think my boobs are too small and droopy, and my nipples point up funny—but I've learned that men and some women like them and think they are sexy. So I accept and enjoy them. Yours are classically shaped and flawless by most standards. But whatever the size or shape, they're yours, part of you, natural and beautiful. Rather than self-criticize, try to accept, embrace and celebrate all of you. You deserve it."
I nodded my concurrence with that. Then, I added helpfully, "Yes, Tara, celebrate you; you have a killer bod, killer boobs, and, to be blunt, are a walking wet dream. In fact, I'm getting kind of horny even talking about this... Ouch!" I reacted as Joy swatted my leg and told me to stop thinking with my "little" head and focus.I guess I wasn't so helpful. Being a guy is tricky here.
Joy picked up on Sadie's point and said to Tara. "Your breasts are not too big; they fit your body perfectly, are perfectly shaped, with perfect nipples, and are certainly not floppy. They are full, firm, natural, and wonderful." Joy's expression seemed almost dreamy as she spoke.
Joy caressed her own bare breasts. "Mine are a nice size for me and don't usually get in the way, but I would trade them for yours in a heartbeat—they wouldn't get in my way as a dancer because they are gorgeous and firm. And to be honest, I was kind of jealous that Sadie got to kiss and lick your boobs the other night; they are so alluring and sexy."
Sadie's eyebrows shot up, and she looked at Joy with shock and surprise. I had suspected that Joy was sexually attracted to Tara, so I smiled knowingly. Tara blushed and shyly bit her lip.
"Really? You're not just saying that to make me feel better?" Tara asked Joy, then looked at each of us, searching for confirmation. We all nodded encouragingly.
Sadie reiterated. "We're saying it because it's true. You are a woman, be proud of that and of being you. Be proud of your tits, and take your shirt off already if you're so hot."
"It isboilingin here," I said with an exaggerated wipe of my brow. "Oh, and the fan feelssonice and cool on my bare skin..."
Tara looked slightly miffed, then thoughtful. Finally, she gave a resolute nod in the cute way she had while doing our dares. "Fine, you win." She shook her head. "Stupid logic and body acceptance."
Tara peeled off her t-shirt and faced the fan with her arms lifted and resting on her head. We watched her round pink areolae constrict and her nipples harden like perfect little erasers.
"Mmm, yes, that is much cooler," Tara sighed. "Thanks, guys, you're great friends."
Later on, after the others had gone to bed, Joy and I were resting—nude—on our sofa bed after some intimate and satisfying sex. The sheets were off, the light in the kitchen was on, and the apartment curtains were open. I was sitting up against the back, and Joy was lying on her stomach with her head on my thighs. She absentmindedly caressed my lower belly, pubes, and thighs as we talked (my spent dick was resting).
The light reflected off Joy's tawny skin, glistening with a light coating of sweat from our recent exertions in the hot room. I ran my fingers along her lower back, over her ass to her thighs, making random patterns.
I looked out into the darkness at an apartment building across a courtyard, from which many could probably see into our apartment's living room—with our sofa bed in plain sight. I briefly wondered who might be watching us screw or move around naked. Who might be watching us right then, seeing Joy's toned nude body, freshly fucked and relaxed?Did they get off watching? Masturbate? Tell their friends?I wished I knew.
I sort of hoped anonymous strangers did see us, see these gorgeous nude women, see us fucking. They might wish they could be me or be with us. I found the idea arousing, maybe because I was proud to be in our situation, proud to be surrounded by sexy beautiful women.
But, for the most part, we had stopped really caring one way or the other if anyone saw us. Didn't really give it much thought, to be more accurate.
Joy and I contemplated Tara's sexual boundaries, breast issues, and recent sexual openness. And how comfort with greater nudity and sex seemed to have naturally developed among all of us.
"I think it's great being open and free with you like this," I said. "Seems so natural." I mentally compared the sexually modest, pre-Plato's Joy with the uninhibited beauty lying with me. "Since we've all seen each other naked, touched, or watched each other sexually, you don't seem concerned anymore if others see us nude or have sex. Am I right?"
I felt Joy smile against my leg. "Yeah, I love knowing we can just be us, dressed or not. And Sadie and Tara have seen us have sex so that cat's out of the bag. If they see us now, then so what." She giggled. "Maybe theylikeseeing us, maybe even get turned on by it."
"That's certainly possible, and I think that's pretty hot," I mused quietly. The memory of Sadie watching Joy and me fuck after we returned from Plato's, standing just feet away and fingering herself, flashed through my mind. I felt a flutter deep in my balls. "Does it turn you on to think people get aroused by seeing us?"
Joy considered that notion. "Um, yeah, I guess it does." Then, she lifted her head to look at me. "Does that make me an exhibitionist?"
"It makes you sexy and unrepressed, which is normal, as far as I'm concerned. And, well... maybe a bit of an exhibitionist." I leaned over and kissed her forehead. "So, what about other people—did it bother you at all to see me with the others? Like watching Tara give me a blowjob?" I watched Joy's face to gauge her reaction to my question. "Even if it was under the pretense of cleaning off ice cream," I chuckled.
Joy paused a moment as if collecting her thoughts. "No, it didn't bother me; I think because of the situation and the people involved." She swirled her finger through my pubes and down along my flaccid cock. "Honestly, I was more 'hot' than 'bothered.' And if you remember, I was quite worked up that night."
"Oh, I remember that well," I smiled and nodded emphatically. "Are you saying seeing me with Tara turned you on, or the whole sexual atmosphere?"
Joy sat up and faced me, sitting cross-legged, and met my eyes. Her earnest expression signaled it was the wrong time to look down and ogle her now-spread open pussy. It was a tough battle, but I managed to meet and hold her gaze (peripheral vision doesn't count).
"Both," Joy answered. "I got turned on seeing Tara suck you off, but also by the entire situation: all the nudity, suggestive questions, dares, and all of the group's sexual touching." Joy nodded to herself as if agreeing with an internal thought. "Ok. So, I never thought I would feel this way," she said, her face slightly flushed. "If I imagine you sexually with me and the others, it doesn't bother me—it does the opposite; it turns me on."
My semi-hard cock stirred at her words. I looked at her with a raised eyebrow and a slight grin. "Wow. That's hot. So in your fantasy, what do you mean by sexually with you and the others? Is it just two of us being watched, you with someone else, both of us with another, the others with each other?"
Joy smiled, still looking flushed. "All of those things, the four of us, but not necessarily all at once. Something changed after we went to Plato's; I'm not worried about Tara or Sadie seeing us fuck. On some level, I want them to see us. And I also want to be with them and with us. Our recent sexual antics made me realize I love being sexual. Love the idea of being nude, open, and sexual—all kinds of sex—with all of you. Is that weird?"
I shook my head—internally cheering.Holy shit, she has really done a one-eighty here. My girlfriend has become a sex goddess."No, not weird. And I've felt the same; the four of us being sexual with each other feels natural, comfortable, and right to me."
Thinking back to her comments about Tara's boobs, I asked, "And, well, since we're playing 'True Confessions' here—is there something else, more specifically, that you fantasize about?"
Joy looked confused, then looked at me suspiciously.
"Something to do with Tara, perhaps?" I prompted.
Joy actually blushed—something I hadn't seen her do before. "Ok. So, it's not something I actually like, so much as think about and like to think about doing. Maybe. Not sure if it's just fantasy or a real desire."
My curiosity was piqued, and my libido stirred. "Now you have my attention. What is it you're thinking?" I felt her hesitation. "It's ok; you can share anything with me."
With a resigned sigh, Joy dropped her chin, then raised her eyes to look at me. "Ok. These are kind of mixed, confusing thoughts. I've been thinking a lot about Tara... um, Tara nude, and how it would feel to touch her. For me to touch her." She hesitated briefly, and I nodded my understanding and encouragement.
"Touch her in what way?" I asked, despite having a pretty clear idea of what Joy meant, especially after her comments earlier about kissing Tara's boobs.
Joy took a deep breath, exhaled, then clarified. "I mean, I fantasize about sexual touching: caressing and kissing her nude legs, belly, boobs, and even her pussy... and the two of us like, you know, um, licking and stuff."
My cock snapped to attention faster than my brain computed this information. The image Joy painted of her with Tara, nude, licking each other's pussies flooded my mind. I imagined seeing Tara's pale skin contrasted with Joy's darker skin as they pressed together naked. Full breasts against compact ones, golden and pale porcelain goddesses entwined. I had no idea at the time that I would soon see a similar vision for real.
I wasn't sure how to respond and unsuccessfully attempted to sound mature and thoughtful. "Well, it's natural to feel attracted to, um, attraction for..."
I shook my head and gave up on my awkward attempt at compassionate counseling. "Oh, hell, since we're being honest—that is just plain fucking hot."
Joy nodded silently, processing my observation.
"How long have you had fantasies about Tara? What brought it about?"
"Um, when I gave Sadie cunnilingus, it was the first time I did anything like that with a woman. I liked it, but mainly because we were all caught up in the moment, and it was sort of a game. But when I've fantasized since then about being with a woman, it is Tara I see—usually. I see us doing all kinds of sex things—trading, taking turns, all at once, that sort."
Joy's words painted erotic and beautiful imagery in my mind and caused deep warming from my balls to my belly. My dick remained ramrod hard, yearning for attention. As Joy spoke, I absent-mindedly stroked her leg. Then, I lifted Joy's chin, kissed her sensuously, pulled back, and met her eyes.
My mind raced, trying to keep up with the myriad of revelations. "Damn, when you have a fantasy... wow, so hot." I smiled at her. "This is a surprising conversation, but I love it. And I'm uncomfortably hard here." I adjusted my dick in my pants. "So, back when you said all kinds of sex with the four of us, did you mean actual sex? Wouldn't it bother you if I had sex with someone else?"
Joy paused and tilted her head as she considered her answer. Then, finally, she said, "Not if it were with Sadie or Tara; I feel they're part of our mutual sexual experience. I feel a bond between us all—a connection—so that our nudity or sexual connections are shared, natural, and liberating. I don't feel jealous because it's like being jealous of part of myself. And I love that we can all pleasure each other. Does that make any sense?"
I nodded thoughtfully. "Actually, it does. I feel natural and free with the three of you in a unique way. I didn't know you felt the same. What if you weren't there? Would that change anything, or still be good with you?"
Joy considered a moment. "Yes, I think so. It's weird, but I trust all of you and know that pleasing each other is positive and not threatening. If you had sex with Sadie—or Tara, I suppose, in a different Tara-verse—it would strengthen our connections, not divide us."
I contemplated what she was saying and connected it to concrete situations. "So, when you massage Tara, for example, do you have sexual thoughts?"
"Do you?" Joy retorted with a laugh.
"Hey, I asked you first. But yeah, I do, sometimes. But the question was for you. Tara. Massage. Sexy thoughts?"
"Damn, I feel like a witness being cross-examined," Joy chuckled. "Ok, yes, I do."
"And... some specifics?"
"Well," Joy continued. "I think of rubbing her nude body and, like when massaging her butt, maybe peek at her pussy. Or, slide my fingers between her legs, that sort of stuff. Same on the front; I touch her boobs, end up sucking her nipples, and down below use my fingers—or my lips." Joy suddenly looked at me as if snapping out of reverie. I again saw a hint of flush in her cheeks.
Sexual Images of Joy and Tara danced through my mind as I visualized the scene Joy described. My erect cock pulsed with the thoughts. "Mmmm, now that sounds sexy. Erotic, sensual, and I'm really horny right now."
"I am too. You devil, you."
"Me? How am I the devil?" I pretended indignation. "You are the golden sex goddess with the licentious fantasies. And going back, you said something earlier about the two of us with one of the others—are you imagining me licking her pussy and you doing... things? Or what about you licking her pussy and me taking you from behind?" The image of the sex chain at Plato's Mat Room was firmly and foremost in my mind.
"I think enough fantasy, Mr. Man," Joy interrupted my chain of thought. She stroked my erection with a smile. "I think we can both think of something more fun than talking about sex right now, don't you think?"
As if responding to some silent command, we moved and pressed our lips together, kissing deeply, breathing in each other's aroma. We sank the bank and took our time having a second round of slow, passionate sex. Oblivious to the lights, windows, or others.
********
Our mutual loss of inhibitions also manifested over the next few days during our frequent massages. I was pleased that Tara seemed to have gotten over her concerns about her tits or tried not to show any lingering hang-ups. We evolved to the point that nudity had become a matter of course when massaging.
I recall lounging on the couch one afternoon while Joy gave Sadie a massage. Sadie wore only her t-shirt and knickers, which had already been typical massage attire before Plato's.
Joy started rubbing Sadie's back and said, "Shirt," which before Plato's meant, "Lift up your shirt in the back so I can get at your skin and muscles." I watched with appreciation as Sadie, instead of lifting her shirt in the back, sat up and pulled her shirt completely off, nonchalantly saying, "ok." I wasn't surprised or shocked by that point. Still, I did appreciate seeing the elfin beauty expose her adorable petite tits.
Sadie faced me directly, her small, slightly drooping boobs with upturned pink nipples on display. Her areolae crinkled, and her nipples hardened in the open air as if appreciating my gaze. She shook out her t-shirt and laid it down. She spoke almost to herself. "That'll be more comfortable to lie on, better than right on the scratchy carpet." She then stretched languorously and lay back down on her stomach for her massage.
Soon, all three women routinely went topless for massages. First, while lying on their fronts, then also when on their backs, boobs delightfully displayed as their abs, arms, quads, and legs were worked on. Everyone got so comfortable; occasionally, the massages would include stroking across boobs or a playful tickle of nipples—with a giggle and push away of hands. At least at first.
Massages also became more sensual for us, even with others present. We all became comfortable with stroking lightly over bare breasts as a matter of course. I started working closer to the girl's pussies as I rubbed their legs—sometimes very close, spreading their legs to "work" the upper inner thighs. With Joy, I would sometimes sneak a stroke of her pussy when feeling playful. I noticed the women also began freely encroaching on the privates of others and me.
And yes, as you might have guessed, things progressed to fully nude massages. To work on each other's glutes, we routinely pulled the recipient's underwear to the side or into their butt crack to best access the large muscle mass.
Sadie was the one who instigated our new massage "dress code," or lack-of-dress standard. Joy and I were cuddling on the couch, half watching Sadie massage Tara's glutes. Sadie was pushing Tara's panties to one side, then the other. Finally, Sadie said, "Let's just pull these off; it'll be much easier." I perked up at that and waited for Tara's reaction.
Tara evidently agreed with Sadie because without a word and with no show of embarrassment, Tara hoisted her hips so Sadie could pull her panties down. My eyes were riveted on the vision of Sadie sliding Tara's panties down and off along Tara's long sculpted legs—leaving Tara completely nude, lying on her stomach.
Joy squeezed my hand, and I heard her catch her breath. I glanced over and saw that she was as enthralled by the scene as I was—her eyes were dancing, her breath shallow, and her nipples pressed out through the fabric of her thin t-shirt. Warm pleasure roiled deep in my balls and belly as I looked from aroused Joy to nude Tara to Sadie's hands deftly caressing Tara's naked flesh. My cock swelled in my shorts.
Sadie stroked Tara's back, butt, and upper thighs, then said, "ok, flip over." As if in a slow-motion dream, I watched as Tara complied. I recalled Tara saying that she didn't really care if people saw her pussy because "there wasn't anything there to see." Looking at her exposed genitals, I selfishly loved her sentiment because it encouraged such sexy views. However, I very much disagreed with the underlying claim. So much to see down there. So damn hot to see. So beautiful to see.
My cock twitched as I had a line of sight directly up Tara's legs to her pussy, her labia shaved bare below a wide-trimmed landing strip above. Her lack of hair gave me a clear, unobstructed view—her crinkly inner lips extended a little past her puffy outer lips, looking like water cascading down from her clit's hood.
I absent-mindedly cupped Joy's boob and felt her nipple hard against my palm, and gave a small groan of pleasure as Joy slid her hand under my waistband and gripped my throbbing cock. We kissed gently, then nodded to each other, gestured with our eyes toward the empty bedroom, and quietly slipped away to relieve ourselves of our mutual sexual arousal.
I liked this new "casual nudity allowed" atmosphere developed since our Plato's Retreat visit.
*******
A couple days later, Joy was stretched out on the couch, reading, and Tara and I sat on the floor, giving each other foot massages. It was late afternoon, and Sadie had not yet returned from work. Tara and I wrapped up our foot rubs, and I sat back, pondering what I felt like doing next. Then Tara stretched up and arched her back, working out some kink.
"Would you mind doing my back a bit? I'm feeling really tight today," Tara asked me.
I nodded, gesturing to the floor in front of the couch. "Sure, lie down, and I'll take care of things."
Without hesitation, Tara pulled off her shirt and shorts, so she was topless in only her panties. I watched with keen attention, relishing the vision of her full bare breasts before me, and gave myself a mental high five for being so damn lucky. Then, with Tara on her stomach, I rubbed her shoulders and back and moved lower toward her butt.
"Mmm, that feels good," Tara murmured. "I didn't realize how tight my whole back was; more, please."
When I got to her panties, I slipped my fingers under the waistband, pushed them down a little, and massaged her lower back. I moved down so I could reach better, then (taking my cue from Sadie), I said, "Off with these," and started to slide her knickers off. Tara glanced up at Joy, who was casually watching us with interest.
Joy ambiguously said with mischief and curiosity, "And no underwear ensures full access for everything needing attention."
I looked up at Joy with raised eyebrows, recalling her sexual interest in Tara and my being sexual with our close friends. Joy smiled and nodded almost imperceptibly, a hungry look in her eyes.
Oblivious to the silent exchange Joy and I had shared, Tara assisted me by lifting her hips. I slid her panties down, probably slower than necessary, and paused to drink in Tara's long, toned legs, firm round butt, and auburn hair cascading randomly across and over the soft expanse of her shoulders and back.Tara is so sexy; I can't believe I'm sitting here stroking her gorgeous body—and with my girlfriend right here enjoying it with me, to boot.
I moved my hands to Tara's thighs and slowly worked my way back up to her butt, kneading her muscles, pulling her cheeks apart, and releasing them. I watched her labia peek out from behind as I spread her bum cheeks and noted her anal star wink open and close as I pulled and released her glutes.
My massaging fingers slowly moved closer to Tara's deep inner thighs. Eventually, I lightly grazed her labia with my fingertips. Lightly enough that it could have been inadvertent if it turned out I was misreading the situation. I caressed her perineum and labia several times as I rubbed, carefully monitoring her reaction to ensure I wasn't crossing a line. I gradually increased my touch to be more sexual but maintained "plausible deniability" by continuing the massage.
I hadn't misread the situation. Tara hummed quietly and spread her legs further apart as I stroked her. She arched and released her back so her pussy rocked towards my caressing hands as if reaching for contact. I finally accommodated her silent plea and slid my hand directly under her undulating pelvis and cupped her pussy, then pulled back while trailing a finger along and slightly between her labia. Her pussy was drenched.
Holding up my glistening finger, I smiled up at Joy. Her eyes were alight with arousal, and she bit the corner of her lip as she watched me lick Tara's juices off my digit. I then refocused my attention on the sexual neophyte below.
With one hand continuing to caress her butt, back, and upper thighs, I slid my other between Tara's legs. I stroked her pussy, exploring her folds and spreading her copious juices; my hand was soon slick with her arousal. I finally made contact with her clit—it was erect like a tiny soldier and sensitive. Tara moaned and gyrated her pelvis as I rubbed, arching and undulating against my touch.
I next slipped my finger further between Tara's labia lips. I circled her vaginal opening, then pressed the tip of my finger into her just to the first knuckle. Feeling no resistance, I pushed my finger fully inside Tara's vagina—her first vaginal penetration. With my finger inside her tunnel, I circled my thumb around her anal star and perineum. Tara moaned softly as I teased and played, smearing her wetness over and on her labia and anus.
"Oh, that's nice," Tara said. "But hang on a sec."
Tara squirmed away from my hand; I wasn't sure what she intended, but then to my happy surprise, she flipped over onto her back. I watched, mesmerized, as she lifted her arms over her head and fluffed her thick wavy hair. Next, she rolled her shoulders, thrust her boobs up, and smiled, her tongue playing along her lip. Tara's sensual movements sent an electric pulse into my groin, causing my cock to throb intensely and press painfully against my shorts. Finally, Tara opened her legs and revealed her dripping wet pussy, silently inviting me to pleasure her.
I pulled off my shorts as I drank in the incredible vision lying before me and let my turgid cock spring free, finally released from its confinement. It bounced erratically as if it were sniffing the air for some treat. Tara's eyes lit up as she watched my dick standing at full mast, swaying before her, and she broke into a delighted grin. I nearly came without being touched when she sensuously licked her lips.
I gave up any pretense of giving an actual massage. Instead, I stroked, caressed, and rubbed my hands over Tara's toned, nude body. Across her belly and boobs and circled her erect nipples. I caressed down over her hips, legs, and to her landing-strip accented vulva. My cock pulsed, and waves of pleasure roiled deep in my belly in response to touching her soft porcelain skin.
I returned to Tara's pussy and tickled her crinkly inner labia slightly as I stroked. My finger opened her petals and revealed the pinkness around her vaginal opening, shining with her juices. I circled her clit with my thumb and pressed a finger back into her vagina, my mind filled with thoughts of desire and temptation.Mmm, her pussy looks delicious, so tasty. And god, she's sopping wet.
Tara responded by spreading her legs wider and pressing her pelvis against my hand, drawing my finger deep inside her. Thoughts of tasting her wetness faded as her open legs revealed her anal star. Drenched and glistening with her pussy juice, it pulsated with arousal as if beckoning me. I felt irresistibly drawn to it.
With one finger in Tara's wet, tight vagina, I scooped and spread her juicy pussy lubrication over and around her perineum and puckered anal hole. I pressed lightly against her sphincter—not penetrating, just putting some pressure. Tara squirmed and gave an appreciative moan, clearly enjoying my digital ministrations.
I caught movement to my side; Joy pulled off her t-shirt and panties and plopped down naked on the floor next to us. She leaned forward with a flushed face, watching Tara's pussy from barely a foot away, her hand between her legs. Joy reached out and caressed Tara's full tits—examining, testing, like a child with a new toy, her focus flitting back and forth between Tara's aroused nipples and my fingers in Tara's pussy. Joy's straight black hair draped and tickled over Tara's pale skin as she swayed over Tara's body. I felt my cock pulse with excitement at the sight.
Tara grabbed my undivided attention when she seized my hand pressing against her anal star and pulled it sharply towards her. My fingertip slipped into her well-lubricated anus, her abundant juices causing my finger to slide inside with almost no friction.
Tara let out a small gasp—more of a surprised sound than discomfort—and exhaled deeply. I let her relax, then pressed my finger deeper into her backdoor, pulled it out to gather more lubricating pussy juice, and gently slid it back in. I slid my finger progressively deeper into her ass, then almost out.
"Oh, god, this feels amazing," Tara moaned. She gyrated her hips and pulled her wide-spread knees up towards her chest as if to take me deeper. I had a finger in her ass and still had one in her vagina. I alternately pressed them in and out of their respective holes, careful not to hurt her with the double new sensations.
"This is ok, yes?" I asked, seeking reassurance. "Let me know if it hurts."
"No, it feels incredible; it doesn't hurt at all. Kind of strange but wonderful."
Tara moaned and writhed with pleasure. My cock throbbed in rhythm with her ragged breath as I watched with fascination, tinged with disbelief at what was happening.This's unbelievable; fingering Tara's ass... and pussy. Our innocent Tara.
Joy shifted and slid her fingers down through Tara's trimmed strip of pubic hair and began rubbing Tara's erect clit, causing Tara to shudder. Joy lifted her gaze to me; her arousal and excitement lit up her eyes and face. While staring fixedly at me, Joy duplicated my earlier action. She coated her fingers with Tara's pussy juice, brought them to her mouth, sensuously licked them clean, then sent them back to Tara's pulsating sex. She bit her lower lip and smiled, clearly loving the moment.
I could feel my fingers through the thin wall separating Tara's vagina and rectum; I marveled at the difference between her slightly textured vagina and silky-smooth anal tunnel. I started pumping my fingers fully in and out, finger fucking her in both holes simultaneously. Tara's pussy juices overflowed and ran down her thighs.
Tara panted, "Ooh, wow, that feels... is so good. Yes... mmm, go deeper."
I pressed my finger into Tara's ass as far as it could go, but she kept rocking forward with her hips and pulling my hand towards her. Taking that as a cue, I added a second finger—well-lubed with her bountiful pussy juice. I put both fingers together and pressed at her rear entrance, finally sliding both in. I felt the added tightness as the extra width stretched her anus.
I expected resistance or some signal that I'd gone too far or was painful. But, instead, Tara moaned loudly, crying out, "Shit, yes. Oh, like that, yah, push in more, great. I'm so fucking high now."
My cock throbbed with Tara's words as if her voice had some unknown cosmic power to stimulate my genitals. Some distant part of me registered surprise at Tara's words. Not so much the actual words, but that Tara was the one using them—she rarely used obscenities. I was swimming with arousal.
Tara's hips rocked, and I could see her belly undulating; my fingers filling her and Joy stimulating her clit rapidly sent Tara into a higher plane of pleasure.
I watched Joy shift her position so she sat close to Tara's hips, facing me, draping one leg over Tara's belly. Joy's pussy was spread wide open, facing the same direction—towards me—as Tara's. Joy was furiously masturbating her pussy with one hand and rubbing Tara's clit with the other.
The vision of the two naked women, glimmering pussies open and on display side by side, was mind-numbing. Better than I'd imagined: Tara with pale porcelain skin and shaved labia contrasting with Joy's tawny-brown skin and fine, jet-black pubic hair, legs overlapping, both pussies swollen, open, and inviting.Holy shit, that's so fucking hot I think my eyes are going to explode.
I kept pumping two fingers in Tara's butt and one finger in her pussy, while Joy pleasured her clit. Tara's pussy was unbelievably wet—saturated—more than I'd experienced with anyone before. Her juices provided impressive lubrication and overflowed and soaked her crotch and my hands and fingers. Her labia, vagina, and anus were slimy and slippery with her wetness—her ass was tight but not constricting.
Years later, I often read stories describing how anal penetration initially hurt and always needed extra lube, but neither applied to Tara. Instead, she loved it immediately, without pain, and her pussy provided more than enough natural lubrication for use in her ass.
Tara murmured almost to herself, "Mmm, deeper, ahh. Yeah, fill my ass... mmm, give me more!"
My cock was ramrod straight, hard, and throbbing; it yearned for satisfaction and release. My breathing was erratic, and sweat glistened on my back from the room's heat and my exertion. I would have jerked off onto Tara's ass and pussy if I'd had a hand free.
"She wantsmoreMac," Joy said throatily, her fingers buried deep in her pussy, eyes hooded and head lolling to the side.
Joy opened her eyes fully and focused on me; her eyes gleamed with arousal as I met her gaze. She bit her bottom lip and nodded to me, tipped her head, and flicked her eyes toward my cock, then Tara's crotch. I dropped my eyes to my erect dick, to Tara's ass, then back to Joy, and raised my eyebrows in question. "You sure?" I asked Joy, my voice shaking slightly.
Without speaking, Joy smiled mischievously and flicked the tip of her tongue along her teeth with a slight nod. I nodded almost imperceptibly and turned my attention back to Tara.
I asked Tara breathily, "Do you really want more?" Tara merely made a little mewling sound. Then I decided to ask what just two weeks before would have been unthinkable.
"Well, er, I could use my cock instead of fingers. You know, so you can see what that feels like inside you." I waited cautiously to see Tara's reaction, sliding my fingers slowly in and out of her ass. "Want to try that?"
Tara's eyes widened hungrily, and her body writhed against my fingers inside her. "Oh, god yeah, do that—that sounds amazing. Yes, I want that."
Joy quietly murmured, echoing Tara. "Oh, yes, please do. I really want to see that." She shifted her leg off Tara and sat up straight, cross-legged like an attentive pupil about to learn a lesson. I tangentially noticed Joy's movement and thought fleetingly,I haven't been able to sit comfortably like that since I was a little kid; damn, she's limber.
My little head took control of my mind and actions, and my undivided attention focused on the fantasy-cum-true request by the two women. And by that point, my cock so teemed with anticipation and desire I think I would have suffered grave injury if I didn't get relief.
Tara gave a squeak of disappointment when I pulled my fingers out of her ass and pussy; her anal star pulsed open and closed like a fish gasping in the air. But then she hummed with pleasure when I rubbed my rigid prick across and between her sopping labia, gathering her natural lubricant.
I coated my hard cock from tip to base with Tara's pussy juices as I smeared it around her labia, taking a moment to rub the underside forward and back in a sawing motion between her lips for several swipes.Fucking hell, it would be so great to be inside her pussy.I watched my rod dance and smear in Tara's soft wetness outside the entrance to her forbidden treasure. The sensual overload of the physical and visual stimulations caused my dick to throb with desire.
Finally, I shifted and lined up my well-lubricated cock with Tara's anal hole like an arrow to its target. Her anus shimmered with wetness and was still gaping slightly from my fingers—a secret doorway enticing me to enter. I rocked forward and slowly pressed the tip of my hard-on against her anal star. With only slight pressure, the head of my cock popped abruptly through her sphincter into her butt.
Tara gasped slightly, her breath catching as the larger intruder penetrated her virgin hole. I paused with my dick's head fully inside her opening. Then I rocked slightly, not sliding in further yet, holding in place until she relaxed and adjusted to my size. I moved the tip back and forth inside her, then pressed a little deeper with each rock forward. Her pussy juices overflowed and covered my dick as I slid in and out of the entrance to her bum hole, naturally lubricating my penetration.
"Yes, oh, that's good, not too deep... yes, ok, more now," Tara said. She then took a deep breath, and as she exhaled, I felt her relax a bit, so I pressed in a little deeper, never rushing. I moved incrementally more each time I rocked forward until I was several inches inside her ass.
"Is that good?" I asked. "Not too much?"
"Mmm, no. No, that's good, so big... so good," Tara breathed heavily. Then as I pressed deeper—over halfway in—she moaned. "Oh, yeah, that's it, oh. Oh, that feels so nice. Mmm."
Joy had returned to her kneeling position and intently watched our progress from her closer vantage point. She absent-mindedly cupped and squeezed her own breast and resumed caressing Tara's body and boobs, and then slid her hand down and rubbed her own aroused clit.
I gently rocked my turgid dick forward and back in Tara's ass, working it in a little more each time. As I did so, I stimulated her clit to keep her arousal building. Her tunnel's walls felt smooth, slippery, and tight around my dick. So different from a mouth or vagina, but fantastic.
Tara's arousal played over her entire body. Her pussy was wet and dripping, her tits swollen with nipples hard as pebbles, her clit erect and pulsing outside its hood, and her head lolled back and forth as she murmured and softly moaned in pleasure. I continued pressing my rock-hard cock further into her ass until, finally, our pelvises met. My entire dick was nestled deep inside Tara's tight rectum.
"Oh, god, Tara, this feels amazing. I'm all the way in."
I slid halfway out, then pressed back in deep, feeling Tara's anal walls gripping my cock. Then I pulled almost all the way out, leaving just my cock head inside her.
Tara whimpered, "No, keep it inside; it's so nice. It feels so... nmmhh."
I slid effortlessly and entirely back in—Tara's ass walls were tight, wet, and accommodating, so I began moving in and out with full strokes. The feeling was incredible; my cock thrust along her slippery rear tunnel, which squeezed and massaged me with each drive.
The image of my dick penetrating Tara's ass is indelibly etched in my mind. I watched my shaft piston into and out of Tara's rear tunnel, shining with wetness; her pussy just above was spread open, her lips swollen and pink, like a vertical smile showing its pleasure. Her hips and belly undulated in rhythm with my thrusts.Mmm, she looks so tasty; I wish I could lick her while I fuck her. How cool would that be?
Joy leaned closer, her face—her lips—inches from Tara's pussy. My dick lurched as Joy flicked her tongue over her lips. Seeing Joy's lips over Tara's labia with my cock disappearing into Tara's ass below caused my belly to flip with sexual warmth and almost made me cum. I thought Joy would close the gap and lick Tara's sex. Instead, she dragged her finger deep along Tara's cleft and sucked the wetness off. She sat back and focused on stimulating herself as she drank in the vision of nude Tara, spread legs, open pussy, and filled asshole.
Tara began gyrating her hips with my increasingly faster and harder thrusts. I ran one hand up and across her full tits, feeling her hard nipples on my palm. I squeezed her boob, then pinched and rolled her nipple, causing Tara to sigh and moan. I then did the same to the other.
"That nice?" I asked. Tara murmured something unintelligible.
I looked over at Joy and smiled. She pursed her lips and blew me a kiss through ragged breath, her fingers dancing rapidly around and on her clit as she caressed and played with her nipples. Mirroring my movements on Tara.
I began pressing hard and fast in and out of Tara's ass, finally convinced I wasn't hurting her. I'd tried anal sex twice before with other girls, but neither girl liked it much; it was more careful and experimental than real fucking. Tara, in contrast, responded like a seasoned ass-fucker. She moaned and thrust her pelvis to meet my thrusts, her legs spread wide to take me deeper.
I slammed in, sometimes deeply, sometimes shallow, slowly then frantically, feeling Tara's body undulate and her breathing rapid and in sync with our fucking. Her grapefruit-sized boobs wobbled and bounced erratically as her body rocked with my powerful thrusts, her nipples dancing in random circular patterns like a disoriented skater swirling on the ice.
I slipped a finger back into Tara's vagina and felt her rectum tighten around my cock. With my finger in her pussy, I could feel the ridge of my cock head in her ass through her thin vaginal wall.
The physical sensations, coupled with the view of the two perfect women, so sexy, so aroused, my cock sliding into one's butthole and the other furiously wanking as she watched, caused my loins to burn with sexual pleasure. Sweat ran down my forehead, and I breathed heavily as I felt the nascent building of my orgasm, which I knew I could not delay or control.
Tara's eyes rolled back, and she groaned. She panted her words syncing with her ragged breath. "Oh god, so big, so... good. Love... Fucking. Mmm, my... Ass."
I felt Tara's body shudder. Her vaginal walls spasmed around my finger, and her sphincter clenched almost painfully around my cock as she began climaxing. She arched her back and then violently contracted her pelvis the other way, her orgasm racking her entire body with a force and intensity I'd never seen before.
Tara cried out, "Ah, SHIT, yes. Oh my god, oh my god, oh, fuck! Yeess, ooh aah." She cried out loudly as her entire body spasmed and quaked with her powerful orgasm. Her muscles trembled, her toes curled, her tits flailed, and her pussy and ass rippled and contracted around me.
The incredible sensations of Tara's orgasmic quaking set me off. Without warning, I erupted deep inside her, sending jets of semen surging along my throbbing cock and into her rectum. My cock pulsed in time with Tara's contractions and spasms as I emptied my balls into her ass. I ran my hands against her swollen tits, squeezing and gripping as our bodies convulsed together until our mutual orgasms began to subside. Finally, I collapsed down onto her. We both took huge breaths, exhausted.
"Holy shit," I said, trying to catch my breath. "That was amazing, I mean, really... just..." I shook my head in wonder. "Incredible."
Tara sighed, elated, a jubilant smile playing on her lips. "That was, I don't know, yes, amazing. Not what I expected—in a fabulous way! Much more intense, much better." With a wry smile, she added, "I could definitely get addicted to this!"
She stretched her arms up, kissed me, and fell back. We lay like that for several minutes, almost dozing, my cock still inside her ass but softening. A moment later, my cock popped out of her butt, accompanied by a gush of cum.
Tara's eyes widened, and she jerked her head up with a start. We both burst out laughing, feeling the slimy mess running out of her onto my cock and puddling beneath us.
"Yuck, you've made a mess," she teased. "But worth it."
I smiled. "You mean, we've made a mess." I looked over at Joy and nudged Tara. Joy had fallen asleep partially on her side, her fingers still pressed inside her pussy. Her compact tits rose and fell with her deep, contented breathing.
I looked back at Tara. "She had a massive orgasm, probably when we did, and passed out from the sheer magnitude of the experience. Or fell asleep as she came down from the high." I grinned at Tara's astonished look and chuckled. "I recognize it; it's happened before. She'll wake again soon."
Tara turned back to me, eyes crinkling, and rolled her shoulders. "This was quite the back rub; I think most kinks have been pretty much worked out." She grinned. "I must say, I like your 'special features' full-body massage."
"Usually, you have to pay extra for that," I said. "Internalbody massages cost more." Tara playfully swatted my arm and shook her head.
I rolled off of her and propped up on my elbow. "So Miss Tara, for a virgin saving yourself, you seem to be racking up quite the sexual experiences this summer! Have you changed your mind about sex?"
She looked at me as if I'd said something perplexing and shook her head. "No, why?"
I nodded, pretending to be pondering. "Ok, well, let's see—what sexual things have you done for the first time recently? Nude in front of a mixed-sex group, check. Boobs and pussy touched and licked by males and females, check. Gave Blowjob, with cum swallowing, check. Fingered, masturbated in front of others, check. Hand job on males and females, check. Ass-fingered, check. Ass and pussy fingered together, check. And, anal intercourse, with pussy fingering and internal cum, check."
"That it?" I asked, smiling.
"I think so." Tara giggled.
"You forgot sexy strip-tease dance, body ice cream licking, and naked group co-ed shower." Joy's sleepy voice drifted to us. Tara and I looked to see that Joy had returned to the living. She was sitting up cross-legged with a dreamy, euphoric look on her face.
Joy's relaxed knees dropped to the sides, causing her swollen pussy to spread open. Her delicate inner labia were plastered to the sides like flower petals, her pink inner lips glistening against her puffy darker exterior. This time, I felt no need to refrain from openly admiring her displayed sex and naked body.Mmm, I can't wait to taste her, slather my tongue all over her juicy pussy, and make her cum.
Joy continued our banter, unaware of—or ignoring—my lascivious staring. "You've had quite the sexual awakening this summer, Tara. Anything like what you expected?" I refocused on the conversation and waited for Tara's response.
Tara's eyes danced with excitement, and she nodded. "I'd say yes to the sexual awakening and new experiences. But what we've all been doing is nothing I'd ever imagined."
Joy crooked one eyebrow. "Never imagined? Really? No secrets here, remember?"
"Well, I've had fantasies, of course, so technically, I'veimaginedsome of these things. But I never imagined actually doing all this—not this summer, for sure, and all so close together. And I never knew it would be so fantastic."
I piped in. "And we have so many more possibilities—quite a lot of sexual shenanigans the four of us can get up to that don't involve you having penis-vagina intercourse. So much naughty fun to look forward to." A warmth flipped in my belly, and my cock twitched at all the lascivious thoughts flashing through my mind.
Joy nodded her agreement with a knowing smile and twinkle in her eyes.
"Yes, and honestly, I can't wait," Tara said. "Now that I've tasted how great pre-sex stuff is the past few days, I keep thinking about it. A lot. And want more; I seem to be constantly horny now. You guys have corrupted me—or maybe the better term is enlightened me. I love that I can play, have fun, get off sexually, and still be a Virgin. Do these sorts of things with all of you—I can't imagine all this happening with other people."
I nodded sagely. "I love the way you think, Tara. Did I ever tell you that? A virgin—because nothing counts as sex unless a penis penetrates your vagina." Tara nodded. "Leaving everything else on the table," I added.
"Correct." Tara's tongue played adorably at the corner of her lips.
I stood.Oh, yah, everything else on the table, holy shit. Makes me horny just thinking about it.I took Joy's and Tara's hands and pulled them into a three-way hug. I kissed Joy and then Tara gently and deeply. I felt our naked bodies pressed perfectly against each other: bare breasts and nipples against my chest, our groins in complete naked contact. Cum and pussy juices smeared on skin, some dry and some wet and oozing out of Tara's ass. My cock was sated and resting peacefully for a rare moment. I gave a big, happy, satisfied sigh.
I looked at Tara, then invoked my best Humphrey BogartCasablancaimitation. "Tara, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
The End... for now.
_________________
Thanks to those who encouraged me to continue this story or have silently enjoyed it and left positive ratings. I appreciate constructive feedback, responses, comments, and messages, even if I cannot respond to them all. Anything that aids improvement in my writing is welcome and appreciated. I have at least two more chapters planned... so, please be patient and hope the wait has been worthwhile.