America in 1956 seemed besotted with Peyton Place and the Kinsey Report and the boom in nudist colonies and the theories of Dr Freud. But schoolgirls in the Minnesota city of Brewer were homing in on their own sweet goal: seeing their male classmates stripped to the buff. Their male classmates nude. In their birthday suits.
And more than that, nude- and humiliated. Shamed to the core.
The boys blushing, stammering, shuffling in their shame. Naked as jays, with females looking on, gasping and giggling.
It was a wicked passion of the girls at Grover Cleveland High.
It had been ignited by drama teacher Miss Cuff's musical on cowgirls and Indian braves which the boys were now rehearsing under her gimlet gaze. They were nude apart from those short, narrow flaps attached to elastic bands around their waists, what English teacher Ada Braithwaite referred to as their "teensy weensy loin cloths."
At rehearsal, as they cavorted and pranced and padded around the auditorium, those petite flaps swung sideways and revealed everything. Front and back. Oh, it was embarrassing! Even when the flaps were in place their pubic bush was fully revealed, and that alone was terrible. But their gluteal creases were also on display- those hillocks where upper thighs met buttocks. And also the lower part of their intergluteal clefts- their very cracks- they too were quite uncovered. They were very, very embarrassed 18 year olds.
And that was just the start. Miss Cuff had only to make them stop, stand in line and sing...and it was hilarious! Their 18 year old pricks began, one after the other, reliable as clockwork, to stiffen and stand up, shoving the flaps to one side. This produced gasps and giggles from the females. This was a delicious moment for the teacher, for her lady colleagues and for the privileged girls who had won the right to be present- often by begging to see how a brother was coping. "Oh please, Miss, I want to be able to tell Mom what he looks like!" A girl's presence invariably made boys turn sick when, emerging shyly, they caught her blazing, greedy stares. Oh no, not her! A sister, a sister's friend, the ugly girl up the street!
Teachers beamed, the girl blushed and giggled, the boys reddened close to tears.
Meanwhile Miss Cuff had decreed that the boys looked ridiculous with tan lines, white from waist to mid-thigh, as a result of wearing swim trunks when swimming at the lake or doing the gardening with shirts off. She told them to spend time in their gardens in their Indian gear, getting "a natural all over tan...even without any gear at all." She added this last phrase guardedly, knowing the electric effect it would have. She cunningly included it in her note to mothers. She wrote:
"If boys in this performance present themselves with perfect, deep tans I think we can achieve a verisimilitude to be envied by any other school productions. So I suggest your son spend time in the garden unembumbered by clothing, as if he were swimming at the YMCA or a school swim class, only this time outside soaking up the beneficial rays. I trust you can take relevant steps to protect his modesty but stress nonetheless the need for the all-over tan. If a female neighbour or relative sees things she would not normally, then all I can say is: you cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs. Remember, your son has got to look the part, a Red Indian brave."
Rodney's mother was quick to move. Her interest in her son's participation in Miss Cuff's frolic was cloyingly eager. She decreed that the following afternoon, after school, he switch into his Indian gear, and get out in the sun, and she told him to bring friends home to take advantage of their sprawling backyard. It was certainly big- with its near-derelict outdoor laundry, their old oak tree, the half-hearted attempt at vegetable plantings, the wood shed where Rodney's late father had paddled him and the half-rotted away paling fence that sheltered them from the lane. Beyond the lane, the bakery and car repair of inner city Brewer.
"You and your friends can be playful young Injuns there, soaking up the sun, and nobody will notice," said his mother, making Rodney shrivel.
So here he was the next afternoon with Stevie Lynton and Mark Sullivan stripped down to their cute little flaps and bare feet, tip-toeing through Rodney's house into the back garden. Truth was, his friends had been relieved to join him and strip down at his house. His was the biggest backyard with all those nooks and crannies to shelter in if a female appeared. Besides, as far as Stevie was concerned, being glimpsed by another boy's sister and mother may have been a little bit exciting.
Stevie was a short, hairy nervous little fella, with frightened darting eyes. He featured a truncated, narrow prick. The boy was a side-kick of Rodney's, and similarly aroused by the notion of dressed females looking at males without a stitch.
In fact most Saturday afternoons Stevie was now being made to strip by his two older sisters and their maid, while his mother was out at bridge. Strip and parade and pose and slip on the girls' underwear and, finally, sit spread-legged on the floral sofa- yes, thighs spread wide- and have the girls flash him folded pages of the Scandinavian nudist magazines that the maid had found in his cupboard. The females would watch with grins as their brother became more and more agitated at the black and white pics of boys his age naked with big-busted older women or cheeky confident girls, especially boys with small members like Stevie's...and he would become more and more excited...even start to breath hard, pant a little...till he could not resist pleasuring himself...fingers of his right hand busy at work on his little member...quite the little monkey in the throes of passion...with the females looking on grinning, laughing...and his fingers would work faster at his small, rampant penis...and with some even faster, more urgent, monkey-like rubs he would explode...trails and gobbets of white fluid shooting skyward and falling to spatter all over his tummy and chest, even dangling from his chin.
The three females would fall about, he would slump shamed.
Stevie was coming to dread those Saturday afternoon sessions. Dread them, and long for them. But what a bonus, thought Stevie, to have other sets of female eyes humiliate and shame him. Laughing when they saw his miniscule cock or thick body hair. He shivered all over. Hell, even walking through a strange house, out of Rodney's bedroom and down the hall, in this near-naked state, he was dreaming of being looked at, and laughed at, by females.
As a result Stevie's little penis was at attention, thrusting his flap forward. And that was just the moment when Rodney's mother walked right into them at the back door. My son and his buddies, she thought. Here to get sun tans...in their sweet little loin cloths the ladies have forced them to dress up in! Almost totally naked! Delicious, she thought, just delicious.
"Goodness, what have we here? Three Indian braves...stripped for battle, too!"
Her eyes narrowed as she looked them over.
And she noticed the thust in Stevie's groin, flap sticking out at her.
She would now have fun, she resolved, at their expense.
"Goodness, Stevie, you do seem to be looking forward to the sun!" She made her voice sound June Alyson-sweet. Her tone made him go weak in his tummy.
The boy blushed fire-engine red.
And his insides melted.
Mrs Ricketson is looking at my erection, he thought, seeing me stiff.
She switched her eyes to Mark Sullivan, the school swimming champ, his long, agile physique on display with his burst of glistening black pubic bush flaring above the string. Rodney's mother let her gaze linger on it. The boy saw where her eyes were trained. He blushed and wilted. Then she looked lower. She saw two pigeon eggs in the roomy scrotum dangling below the frontal flap. And she could see a mushroomy penis head, foreskin retracted, below the flap.
His stomach turned, at the notion of the lady's eyes roaming over what was revealed of his cock and balls and pubic hair.
"And Mark, you're not leaving much to the imagination!"
The big athlete looked away, burning red.
She drew on another observation, designed to make the boy shrivel up.
"You're just like the photos," she said, and paused to let it sink in.
Those photos!
"You know, the ones your Mom showed me, of the last swim event?"
Mark clenched his eyes and groaned.
Those photos! The photos his Mom had snapped when he was naked at the swim meet in front of all the town's moms and the aunts and neighbours. Him, standing in his birthday suit. Him, half erect, then with a full-blown boner. Snap. Snap. Snap.
Photos- installed in a family album.
And his damn Mom has shown them to Mrs Ricketson.
"Well, out you go. Two hours of sun left."
She smiled indulgently, standing in the doorway holding open the fly-screen door to let them file past.
As Stevie squeezed by the flap fell to one side, off his stubborn little erection. Mrs Ricketson looked down on his small, hard, circumcised member now exposed. It had a glistening drop of clear fluid on its lips. She smiled broadly. Stevie caught her glance as he passed and struggled to position the flap back in place. He felt a flush through his tummy as he met her mocking and alert eyes: he felt raw shame and a weird thrill.o
Then as Mark manoeuvred out the door his flap moved sideways and, for an instant, she caught sight of a broad, white salami, hanging long but non-aroused. Then the flap fell back into place...but he knew she had glimpsed...everything. The boy gulped, eyes lowered. As he squeezed past his flanks grazed her dress.
"Loved those photos..."
She spoke in a half breath. He turned away, wanting to die.
Then her son squeezed past her, folds of scrotum on either side of the narrow flap, one ball sagging below it. And the glans, too, was visible, foreskin rolled back to reveal its fat, spongy glory. And curly red pubic hair was sticking out above the flap like a special badge of shame.
He saw his mother's eyes widen, a faint smile on her lips, as she took it all in.
As they trooped into the outdoors she stood studying their exposed buttocks with the back flaps- so short, so inadequate- swinging left and right as they walked the path past the old laundry and beyond. They were raising their legs high, hoofing it like colts, as they trod on the spiky grass. How vulnerable, she thought. And how touching that when we order them out of their clothes they obediently strip down for us, get totally naked, even with sisters looking on, with teachers, with female neighbours. How sweet that they are accepting our authority- that of Miss Cuff, of Mrs Carruthers and her maid, of mothers like me.
It must chill them, she thought, to have us see their genitals- these bashful 18 year olds, virginal boys who sing in the church, play wholesome sport, hold females in esteem. Even romanticise their female teaches, like her own son with his ridiculous crush on Miss Braithwaite, his English teacher. They never dream that we females, too, have lurid thoughts, fantasies, desires.
She looked at their rears as they walked into the deep backyard. Delicious, those cracks on display! How beautiful, the male bottom. What did Mrs Reilly call it? Yes, the "intergluteal cleft." That of Mark seemed especially deep. Stevie's sharp little bottom was dusted with black hair. Her son's was taut, clenching and unclenching as he walked.
They know I'm watching, she thought, their stark naked posteriors on display. Goodness, they must be embarrassed. How sweet that we've reduced them to this state, accepting this total humiliation. Even, when ordered, obediently offering those same bottoms up for spankings. But going naked was the way sons should be treated, doing penance for their fathers' sins, learning humility.
This was how so many of the mothers of Brewer were doing things these days. Stimulated by the nudity of Miss Cuff's show many households were making enforced nudity more and more the rule and 18 year old males were discovering who was in charge. And sweetly obeying.
The boom in nude punishment for young males was what the three fellas were talking about, standing in the sun between the old laundry and the paling fence, out of sight of the kitchen window and back porch and Rodney's Mom.
Stevie told them how he'd been caught by their maid, "you know..." And here he made the universal jerking-off gesture. The others groaned. It was every boy's fear, this business of getting sprung, with mothers and sisters. He said that ever since that embarrassment he had been made to peel off all his clothes for the maid and his sisters. If he didn't they'd report him to his mother for masturbating in their lounge room and report the secret stash of nudist magazines he kept in the bottom of the cupboard beneath old issues of Popular Mechanics.
He answered his friends' eager questions, about being made to strip off slowly in front of the maid and his sisters and hand over items of clothing until he was stark naked and they cooed "ooh" and "ahh" and made him walk round the house and forced him to wear an apron or ladies' underwear for their amusement. About a game where he was a patient and lay on his bed and had them inspect him, them playing at being nurses and a female doctor. Spanking games where he went over their laps and they competed to give his bottom a rosy glow and make him howl and beg them to stop.
About having to sit spread-legged on the floral sofa in the wainscoted living room with its porcelain lamps and flowers while they flashed his dirty magazines at him- all the pages with turned-down corners and got him excited...
Here Stevie noticed that both Rodney and Mark were swelling under their flaps. No, Rodney's penis had just shoved his flap aside and stuck forward parallel to the ground. Fluid was bubbling out the slit.
Then Mark told his horror story. It had started with the last big swim day at school to which the coach had invited every competing boy's Mom. Aunt, Grandmoms too.
"What? And...you swam nude?"
"In front of them?"
"Yeah, that's what the fucking bastard ordered- we swim as normal, he said, you know the rule, 'Boys will swim unembumbered by swimming costumes at all times.' At least there were no girls, it being school hours. But..."
On the day the competing boys had showered and been marshalled in their change room by Coach Compton. A body builder and, they thought, a secret nudist, he presented his own powerful physique naked whenever possible, seemed to relish it. Under his flattened peroxide blond hair his body was shaven, his groin and armpits bare, freakishly so. Suntanned all over, even "down there" and on his ass.
Boys were nervous about his invitations to work out with him in the basement gym in his Elm Street home, one boy at a time, where he always insisted he and his student dress only in "posing straps." Only Buddy Holland returned for subsequent visits. Even he said it was embarrassing when the Coach's old Mom interrupted their workouts with a tray of milk or a body builder's snack of grilled liver.
Right now Coach told them they were not to be ashamed of their bodies but to emulate the athletes of Ancient Greece who competed naked in front of their mothers. He said that their mothers had brought them into the world naked. They've seen you in "the nudie" a thousand times.
"Nothing you've got hanging down there they haven't inspected and scrubbed and powdered."
The coach, who standing there nude himself, was going to be there in front of the ladies in the same condition. His small tapered, uncut penis had begun to stretch.
One boy grumbled that their bodies had changed since then. Another boy lamented that mothers were one thing but his had brought the next door neighbour who was "an old bitch." Another boy growled that his mother had brought his aunt. Mark was in that position precisely- his Mom had recruited Mrs Harris from up the street and his Aunt Julie who had come to town from St Paul just for this- but he stayed locked in resentful silence.
In any case the coach rejected all complaints, organised them in two queues and gave them the order to start walking in two lines out into the pool area, with its bleachers full of mature age females. The ladies' excited talking filled the air, had grown more raucous as the wait went on. It filled each boy with terror.
Mark had been placed by the coach in the very front of the line of boys to walk down the left side of the pool, as if the coach relished having ladies view the boy's broad, white bratwurst with its puckering foreskin and balls dragging low.
Mark took a deep breath and, on Coach's instruction, stepped out into the chlorine-scented interior with the shimmering green water of the pool, the subaqueous light, the crowded bleachers.
Row after row of mature age ladies stopped talking.
Nothing prepared Mark for those stares and "ohhhhh"s. The ladies started nudging one another, whispering and pointing at the boys as the two lines, one on each side of the pool, walked past. Then one ancient gray-haired Grandmom loudly opined, "Mother of God, all these boys are bare as boards!" And set off waves of laughter as ladies echoed her old fashioned, "bare as boards!" It just made boys go weak at the knees, reminding them of the exposed state.
Every family group was equipped with a camera and there was constant flashing, like at a fashion parade or Academy Awards. Seeing their sons, Moms would wave and call out their names. The boys would look around teary eyed with shame. Or just stare terrified straight ahead and pretend they didn't hear.
Terrified of meeting the eyes of his own Mom, Aunt Julie and neighbour Mrs Harris, Mark focused straight at the end of the pool.
And he walked, naked as the day that he was born. Without a stitch. He had never felt such humiliation, he told Stevie and Rodney, the three boys standing there in the sheltered backyard, in their Indian gear, the sun gently tanning their exposed flesh.
He told them that as he walked he felt his penis swinging sideways like the long pendulum in the waist of a grandfather clock. He was self conscious about being an uncut oddity. These staring excited women would be curious about his twisted, puckering foreskin, about him not having a streamlined helmet head like the other nude sons. He felt their stares. He was also very, very scared about getting stiff. In fact, felt a slight swelling.
When they got to the end Coach briskly had eight of them ascend the blocks. Right up, in view of everyone. Go on, fellas, get moving. And hands at your sides, please! He ordered another eight to wait their turn, behind them, hands at their backs, legs spread. Yes, men, behind your backs! And the rest he ordered to go and sit in the front rows of the bleachers.
In other words to walk right up to the glaring ladies, find seats in front of them and plant their nude bottoms in them. This was gonna be terrible, Mark knew it.
But it quickly got worse.
He and his friends shuffled across to the women. They let their hands kinda hover in front but knew they were not hiding much. Just managing to look goofy and bashful. Then he noticed his Mom and Aunt Julie and Mrs Harris waving from their seats four rows back, big smiles on their faces, pointing to a vacant seat next to Mrs Harris and calling, "Up here, Mark!" and "Come back here, son!" and "Sit with your fans!"
What? "Sit with your fans!" Gotta be kidding!
Mark shook his head and gestured to the front row seat he was about to take, next to his blushing friends and knew that by using his right arm to gesture he had exposed one half of his dangling genitals. He blushed more deeply and was about to take his front row seat...
"...when that fuckin' coach came up, stark naked himself and loving it, he was getting stiff with the excitement, and said, no, boys should sit down with their Moms! Go on Mark, and the other fellas too, up with your Moms! He said a Mom was always a boy's best fan and ordered me to squeeze into their row, and sit with her, and told other fellas to do the same. Sit next to your Moms, he was bellowing.
"Ladies had to create space and free-up seats. Us guys couldn't believe this was happening. There I was- I would have to cram past six old ducks to get near my Mom and Aunt and neighbour- shit! I went up the stairs with my hands pressed in front, with all of them looking and I turned my back as I squeezed in their row and fuck! I was shoving my ass right in their faces, close up as I squeezed through and the old dears were laughing and saying things to hurt my feelings..."
"Like what?" Rodney asked, his own penis standing up at a perfect 45 degrees, the precarious flap shunted to one side. Stevie had even begun to gently feel his own erection, stroking its little glans which was drooling. He was also intent on the details.
"Yeah, what did they say?"
"Aw, things like, what a nice white bottom to have shoved in their noses, and jeepers, how they didn't know where to look with a naked young man way up close and how they bet this nice boy- Mrs Sullivan's boy, isn't it- must be embarrassed to be up here with us old dears, yes he must be weak with shame, you know how boys are at his age. And another said oh I think some boys might like getting around with their clothes off in front of us and they laughed and another said, yes, some boys liked to show off. Another said no, she thought we all looked embarrassed. That's why the poor boys kept trying to cover up with their hands even though in many cases it didn't work.
"I squeezed past, my back turned to them shoving my ass in their faces and trying to cover my front with my hands and ladies all around craning their necks and peeking.
"Then I had to sit down next to Mrs Harris with my mother and aunt leaning over her to take a good look. And another lady, Mrs McIntosh, on the other side of me who was craning her fuckin' neck to see but I managed to sit down and cross my legs and lean forward on my elbows to cover up. All the while they were fussing and giggling and touching..."
"Touching!"
"Oh yeah, patting my legs and saying what a good physique I had and stroking my shoulder and leaving their hands there and one old bitch started running her finger tips up and down my back saying they'd all cheer me on because they knew I was the strongest swimmer just feel those muscles and someone else starting feeling them too and Mrs Harris threw her arms over my shoulder while she told me that boys shouldn't be ashamed of their bodies and how much she liked it when when she saw me with my shirt off mowing the lawn but, she said, today was going to be even better, for her and all the others, and I should just relax and enjoy it. Just get around naked and unashamed, she said."
Both Rodney and Stevie moaned. Their fingers were slowly running up and down their penis stems as they listened transfixed with horror.
"But it got worse. Outta the blue old Mrs MacIntosh said to my mother, leaning over me, leaning right across over my lap, she said so you never had your boy circumcised Mrs Sullivan? Jesus, I went red! Mom said no, and she explained she had wanted it but my Dad never did because he hadn't been and the doctor had agreed with her but my Dad had insisted Mark is going to keep his whadya call it, his skin (she couldn't think of the right word) yes that's right, foreskin, and said my Dad had told her and the doctor he would teach me how to keep my thing clean.
"Mrs McIntosh then said her three sons had been circumcised even though her husband still had his thing, his skin, his foreskin- the silly bitch didn't know the name for it- and her husband liked having it, he even seemed proud of it- that extra bit of skin they have, silly men folk she said- but she just thought it looked neater and she got her way with her three boys and thought they looked swell, neat and streamlined and modern, and the main thing was whether the skin pulled back easy. Isn't that the problem they have, the skin pulling back? And my mother said she didn't think there was a problem, was there? And looked at me! Just looked at me! And pointed to my lap! And I went deep red and just shook my head. And I knew Mrs McIntosh was going to ask to see it. I just knew it!
"And I knew when she did my fuckin' mother was going to tell me to lift my arms and move my legs and let her look. Bet they woulda both wanted me to show how the skin pulls back! Make the head pop out. Show it off. Oh look, isn't that nice! My son's penis has a nice big tip! But the coach started blowing his whistle for the first race and they all looked up.
"And there on the blocks three outta the eight boys had big, bold hard-ons, sticking out and up! And their heads were down and they were really blushing. And I could feel that the ladies all around me were looking at them, seeing stiff cock, probably for the first time for years with the ole ones. And there'd be mothers seeing their own sons' hard-ons for the first time and it would be fuckin' awful for the fellas."
He paused.
"Has your mother ever..?"
Stevie said no, not his mother, but girls in his class when they burst into the swimming pool that time and his sisters and their maid of course, every Saturday. Saw him stiff, that is. Rodney said that probably his Mom had caught a glimpse when he showed her and Mrs Reilly the Indian costume.
There was silence as the three 18 years contemplated the horror of having erections seen by a Mom. The terrible shame. A boy's penis at its full length, long and hard and standing out, its veins full, a shameful symbol of the obscene pictures that played in the boy's mind.
Then Mark said that it had happened to him at the swim meet.
And he told them more about the woeful day.
The coach seemed to delay ordering the first race, as if extending the agony of those boys with erections up on the blocks. All female eyes were on them. They seemed hopelessly shamed. Especially when cameras snapped.
Kerry Fulbright was one of the fellas up there with a hard-on: he had a chunky, defined physique and a chunky average sized cock that veered to the right. The veer gave his cock a jaunty style, like a cigarette hanging lop-sided from the lips of a Hollywood male. "That's Mrs Fulbright's boy," declared one Mom. "The good looking one. Yes, with the...with the...you know, the embarrassment!"
And the ladies around her laughed.
"Well, he's not alone with his embarrassment," said another. "Look at Madelaine's boy, he's putting himself on display! Larry's his name. Goodness, he delivers our groceries! Oh, my God!" And her neighbour said he won't be able to look you in the eye the next time he comes in with the groceries. And the first lady said, "Don't worry about him, I won't know where to look myself! He'll stand there waiting to be paid and I'll be thinking of what I'm seeing now!"
Larry's white boner seemed as long and thin and hard as a broomstick- it was a real revelation- and the tall, skinny blond-haired boy was blushing all over, not knowing where to look himself, right now. It must have been his Mom or aunt who bounded forward to get a close up of her son. He gestured to her to leave off, but she snapped half a dozen pics.
Fuck, thought Mark, look at that- all for a family slide night! Here's my darling boy up on the blocks about to start his race, totally nude with a long, skinny, hardon! Look girls, there's your brother; have a good close-up view, that's what we call his engorged organ...yes, it is funny. His is different from his friends' because it is long and thin. Boy oh boy, it's embarrassing for him! I agree, girls, boys are very funny with their clothes off. And oh, look at his tight little ball sack!
And Mark heard women in front of him whisper that oh, those fellas are going to be embarrassed. Oh yes, poor boys with us all watching. Yes, happens all the time at their age, her neighbour agreed. Just can't help it, can they, said another. Mark said as he heard them talk about boys' erections he felt himself fleshing out down between his crossed legs, sheltered under his elbows. So he was relieved the ladies knew it was nothing boys his age had any control over, it didn't mean "dirty thoughts."
Then another old dear shattered the consensus by saying, "But reckon they hate us seeing them, all the same," and another said she didn't want to say it but it sure as hell looks funny! They all tittered away. Then another one said, "Those things? Looks like a row of hat racks!" A lot of laughter, and some repeated the line so others could hear: "Like a row of hat racks, she says, the boys up there with their things sticking out."
There was laughter, some of it gloating and cruel. Oh yes, look at them, said a Grandmom, and she said her son had got "like that" just by seeing the lingerie advertisements in The Saturday Evening Post. She caught him looking with a bulge in his pants. "In fact, he thought about sex all the time. They all do. And that's the result up there now! Only thing is to get them married!"
Up and down the bleachers naked boys sat interspersed with the ladies, next to a Mom or aunt. Most had legs crossed, tucking their packages away and out of sight. Others sat demure, with both hands pressed down on their groins. They looked goofy and bashful, some were teary-eyed with embarrassment. Some must have been thinking about the moment when they'd have to get up, some may have been getting hard-ons.
Jason Cho, the Korean exchange student, sat next to his host mother, red haired Mrs Grossman with her cats' eyes glasses and beads. She seemed thrilled, he looked terrified. His smooth coffee-coloured form looked acutely vulnerable, up there in a middle row, women all a-titter, turning and craning to take him in. He sat straight backed, hands pressed into his groin, a timberline of black bush tantalisingly on view.
Carl Harlson stood out, with Viking looks and broad shoulders, planted right in a row of Grandmoms. His legs were so long he had trouble crossing them, sitting all cramped up, with one of the old ducks repeating like a refrain, "That boy's as bare as a board! Bare as a board!" Which made him wince with embarrassment every time while his own Grandmom, sitting next to him, seemed unable to keep her hands from roaming all over him, even ruffling the blond tufts of hair on his chest. He kept trying to shrug her off. Mark sensed that Carl's little dick- disproportionately tiny for the tall athlete, a mere sliver on top of a neat little ball sack- would be hard as a rock.
One boy, Samson Douglas, the Negro student arrived this year from Alabama, had stepped boldly up to a seat offerred by Mrs Carruthers, the widowed seamstress who had sewn the boys' Indian costumes and who had engaged Samson to tend her prize-winning garden. He had climbed the steps with arms by his side while astonished women gazed at the weighty abundance dangling from the frizzy hair of his groin. And when he came to squeeze into the fifth row he kept his front turned forward to present his genitals to the faces of a half a dozen ladies. Their noses were inches from his thick, grey-brown appendage, with its well-shaped red-brown glans, and he didn't seem to care. He flopped proudly into the vacant seat, legs spread as wide as he could manage, hands on his thighs. His penis and capacious scrotum lolled in his lap.The row of ladies behind him leaned forward, greedily.
All sorts of teasing was going on around the seated boys, patting and stroking and tickling the ribs. It was clear that the old girls could not keep their eyes from the groins although they were mighty distracted by the sight of the erections of the boys on the blocks waiting for the Coach's whistle.
Finally those boys were allowed to dive. Which only revealed the line of eight naked boys behind them- standing hands behind backs, legs spread. They looked so funny, standing like sentries. Groins open for inspection sergeant! Two of them were 100 percent erect, three on the way with lengthening dicks that pointed to the tiles or stuck out parallel to them. And they couldn't cover up, hands behind backs, legs spread apart.
Exposed, and now the centre of attention, they blushed like fire hydrants.
"There's young Tommy!" "Oh, look at Buddy, little Buddy! Oh my, oh my!" "Goodness! If only their sisters could see!" "What? Sisters? They'd love it but the boys would drop dead!" Laughter, some of it cruel. More cameras flashed and three Moms dashed forward with Brownies, even when a humiliated son waved his one back.
But she stuck at it: click, click, click, for the family album, Mark thought, to show visiting relatives, to delight the girl cousins, to bring out to titillate the bridge club. To be peeped at by the giggling maid or cleaning lady. And even as the ladies looked, Charlie Hodgson's eight incher wobbled in its parallel-to-the-floor stiffness, jerked higher, stopped for a few seconds and tilted up again to rear at a bold, unapologetic 45 degrees. It showed off the wrinkled, veined underside. From the ladies closest there were some ironic cheers.
While the first race was proceeding in the pool these boys were ordered up on to the blocks where their audience could relish an even better view. Now more ladies streamed from the bleachers with cameras, including Mark's Aunt Julia who grasped Mark's shoulder as she struggled over him and descended and marched right to the corner of the pool and snapped away- at Paul, and Kevin, and Charlie, the others as well.
Finally it was Mark's turn to rise in his place- all heads swivelled to catch a glimpse- and press hands to his groin and squeeze past, presenting his muscular white rear to the noses of the ladies and descend the steps and go and join his colleagues behind the boys on the blocks and stand in a row: as directed by his coach, legs wide apart, hands behind. Oh my God, he thought, totally 100 percent exposed. He revealed a rubbery semi-erection virtually parallel to the ground, folds of foreskin retracted over his big glans. A shy glance showed he was not alone. Engorgement had spread like wildfire. Everyone of the eight was poking out but, as happened with the law of averages, each of the others was smaller than Mark's: one a shy but stubborn little three incher, a few at four, the rest five.
Jimmy Strawbridge, at Mark's side, was owner of the smallest. Short and stubby, it projected straight out of the middle of a wrinkled ball sack and turned up at its thick head. The thick banjo strings of the frenulum were very pronounced. But the thing was short, more head than stem. The comparison, especially as Mark's penis stretched and reared some more, might be considered shaming. Certainly would if caught on film and shared with sisters- and here was Mrs Strawbridge capturing her son for family posterity! Click. Click. Click. And in every pic, it was clear from her position, there would be Mark standing next to Jimmy. Mark with his long, thick bold one. Her own son, short and stubby. Now see how the boy would survive knowing all the females in his family would be inspecting that album!
As races ended boys hauled themselves out of the pool and walked by the ladies, to stand loitering at the head of the pool or sit in the front. No more did they shelter their things with their hands. Samson Douglas from Alabama found none of the ladies in his path objected when water flicked from his shiny, mahogany physique as he made his way back to sit next to his proud patroness.
And small, compact Timmy Townsend, his blond hair in a crew cut, walked back to the bleachers sporting a neat, diminutive entirely erect penis. As ladies looked on he was humbled and shamed by the exposure. Felt funny and thrilled deep inside. He climbed back to the row where sat his dear, sweet Mom and Aunt Sylvia. He was not sheltering with his hands- no, he had settled into the role of the submissive naked boy- and as he squeezed back to his seat he was facing the ladies front-on, his slender member sticking out. Ah, a real Mother's boy, thought the ladies, as his tender little glans grinned at them, his unthreatening member poking from wet, flattened blond pubic hair.
And when he slid his wet bottom into his seat Mrs Townsend hugged him and congratulated him on coming third and pecked him on his cheek. And on his other side so did his Aunt Sylvia. He was happy to be the centre of attention- theirs, and the other ladies all around. He sat without covering his groin, his erection- small and proud- a measure of his happiness. There was even a touching offering of transparent fluid bubbling from his tip.
After today he might ask to be allowed to play nude with his toy soldiers on the lounge room floor or romp naked in the backyard. Do homework at the kitchen table nude. Watch TV. Be teased, tickled and hugged by his sisters.
If female visitors came, he thought, it would be so nice. And maybe...maybe...Mom and Aunt Sylvia would put a nappy on him every bedtime, his sisters too.
Meanwhile Mark and his cohort stepped up onto the blocks, preparatory to diving. All were at "full stand" although the eight organs jutted at different angles. Bud Logan's was the real "belly slapper," its five inches rising parallel to his abs and flat against them. It was Mark's that gave the ladies the best ventral view: the stretched skin, the flaring frenulum, the pumping arteries and tightly withdrawn foreskin of a big, bold penis underbelly. As a result there were 15 ladies now straining away with cameras and Mrs Hawksmoor, who had no relationship with any of this eight- she was there as neighbour of Charlie Hodgson and friend of his Mom- nearly toppled into the pool as she lent over to get Mark's display on film.
"Why doesn't that fuckin' faggot of a coach tell us to dive," complained Jimmy Strawbridge, next to Mark. "Just look at him," said Mark. And there was Coach Gordon Compton, under his fake blond hair, suntanned all over even in his carefully shaven groin- yes, his shaven groin. Whistle on a cord around his neck, loudhailer in his hand, just chatting away to a bunch of seated ladies, not remotely concerned that they were seeing him with his modest cock standing upright, tingling with the excitement of his exposure.
And as ladies moved closer, and called on boys to look up and smile, and clicked their cameras, or just sauntered in with arms folded on their big chests to have a close up inspection, and more strolled down from the bleachers, the coach allowed things to stretch out. Easily 10 minutes had passed, eight boys with full erections caught on the diving blocks, their female audience swelling and staring and laughing and pointing and whispering.
And the coach let it drag on even longer.
Mark and his friends felt as if they'd had eyes roaming all over them like insects. They felt despoiled. "Where the fuck are these photos going to end up?" asked Jimmy out of the corner of his mouth. "Every photograph album in town," said Mark. "So any girl who you might ask to the sock hop or the drive-in gets to check you out. And in five years time if you ask one to marry you, she and her Mom get to see what you're offering." Jimmy shrivelled. "So if she wants a short, stubby one that slides right in, she'll go for you," Mark added.
But Jimmy was looking at Samson Douglas squeezing out of his seat, at the Coach's request. His gray-brown appendage was now bolt upright, excited by the ladies looking him over steaming with desire. His projection was threatening the powdered noses of the ladies in his row. They giggled to assuage the gluttony that danced in their eyes.
At the end of the row Mrs Lorna Partridge reared back as his erection bounced around in front of her nose but she did not avert her greedy gaze: she was fewer than five inches from the sculpted African glans, reddish brown, as it slid across her line of vision, like a prize-winning mushroom jammed on the end of a bludgeon.
Then, the centre of all attention, Samson slowly descended the steps, his erection wobbling ahead of him. The coach took him to one side and leant in close to whisper. Later Samson revealed the secret- Gordon Compton was pressing him about going to his home tonight, having a workout in the basement gym and sitting down to dinner with him and his Mom for muscle-building cuisine. Later Samson told the fellas he had great fun standing there with his erection, ladies watching, being the Coach's current favorite. He said that he told the coach that, sure, he had nothing better to do after school today when he finished trimming Mrs Carruthers' garden. And he grinned to suggest that her garden was not the only focus of his work in the home of the lusty widow.
And looking down, he added, "See what I mean." He said the coach went all funny at this point, a strange, hungry look in his eye, at the prospect of having Samson naked in his basement, lying on a bench or standing in front of a mirror, working with weights. A young black athlete with a penis several inches above Grover Cleveland's average for length and girth.
From the other side of the pool Mrs Townsend and Aunt Sylvia watched the boy from Alabama, his penis standing high and absolutely rigid, finish up his conversation with Coach Compton. They were rapt and, sitting between them, young and small in every way, Timmy sensed it. His little erection wilted. One minute he had been dreaming that the Negro boy might be invited to his place for milk and cookies, then be enticed to join Timmy "in the altogether" just for fun, to play cowboys and injuns in the Holland's backyard, stripped to the buff. Just boys havin' outdoor fun. Or maybe the two could go on camping trips together...but now Samson had won the intent looks of his Mom and Aunt, leaving Timmy without his status of most desired boy.
Then in a gesture that made him melt, Mom lay her warm smooth hand on his bare thigh and said, "You know, your Aunt and me think our Timmy is the nicest, sweetest little fella here today." And Aunt Sylvia even reached down and tickled his little ball bag to make his penis spring stiff again. "We've got room in our hearts for only one boy." Which had Timmy feel warm and gooey inside and slide again into that fantasy about going nude at home, sitting on the sofa between the two ladies watching Perry Como, their arms around him, their perfumes enveloping him, his penis standing to attention in his lap. His sisters peeking in, and giggling.
Mark said that he finished his race and won, and Coach made a big fuss and walked him round arm held high. All the ladies streamed from the bleachers with their cameras and wanted shots of their boys. Every fella tried to shuck them off, turn his back, but to no avail.
"They trapped you?" panted Stevie, breathing hard and now bringing himself close to climax, as each of Mark's stories of shame and humiliation washed through his system. Rodney, too, wanted to know how it felt to be photographed. He shivered, when he asked. He had been fingering his penis non-stop during Mark's account, especially when the boy reached stories of the erections.
"Mom and the two others grabbed me and made me stand by the pool. Told me to put my hands on my hips. They took photos. Then Aunt Julia moved in and put her arm around my back and grinned at the camera, and then Mrs Harris moved in on the other side and naturally my cock stuck out out again, you know, parallel...parallel to the tiles. I think that made them even more excited. They took more photos. And Mom had to be in them..."
Mark said he had just posed, with his long erection sticking out straight, assuming a "aw shucks," goofey expression somewhat between laughing and crying.
Click. Click. Click.
With Mom on one side hugging him super-tight around his hips and Aunt Julia on the other side clutching his waist, he quickly looked down and confirmed his cock was rearing now, lifting from the horizontal, beam hard. Just as he looked to check...Click! Off goes the camera in Mrs Harris' hands, catching him looking at himself! Shit! How's that gonna appear in the album?
When other ladies closed in with cameras and tried to catch him in a pose Mark made excuses and fled, almost at a trot, penis wobbling ahead of him, through the crowd of boys all being made to stand with their Moms, aunts or neighbours buck naked and erect, forced to stand there, looking goofy as if being totally 100 percent naked with a boner in the company of grown women was the most natural thing in the world.
He left them and breathed a sigh of relief, in the change room with its smell of old brick, damp and pungent muscle rub.
But, he told Stevie and Rodney, there was more to come.
His Mom got the photos developed at Mrs Guelf's Photo Store. He had protested.
"Mrs Guelf! Hell, Mom! She's got three girls! One in MY class. And the twins only left school last year! They know me!"
His Mom said she was sure the lady would never let her girls peep at photos she was developing. Yes, thought Mark, very likely- she was divorced, smoked in the street, wore big vulgar earrings, went drinking in one of Brewer's bars. Mrs Guelf would have loved those pics, every one of them, and shared them around. Spread them out in front of her daughters.
Mark said he begged his Mom to keep the pictures, which she had placed in a big album, under lock and key.
She said she would. But...
Stevie had his prick in his hand and was close to one of his legendary, flooding explosions. So was Rodney.
"But she said that if my grades didn't improve, or my test results, if I was ever rude to my sister, or came home after cut-off, she would see that the album came out of the top of her bedroom cupboard and got inspected by females I would not want to see it!"
Stevie and Rodney groaned and stroked harder. Mark started on his own prick, up and down the long, thick stem, seeking relief from the humiliation he was sharing. He said he asked her who she might show. She told him not to mind.
And the three boys were moving in unison now, jerking off urgently.
That is, while Mark kept talking.
He said that after he had flunked mid-years he walked in and there was his Mom in the living room with his Aunt Julia and her daughter, Gloria- Mark's cousin- and next door neighbour Mrs Harrington and her daughter Cynthia, home from college, a girl who had never been seen with a boy. Narrow and skinny, with glasses and big teeth. She looked especially flushed.
The album was on the coffee table, open at a six by four inch photo that showed tall, rangy Mark in profile walking along the pool. The focus was imperfect but there was something vague dangling from his groin that would have whetted female appetites. And on the facing page, was Mark standing in three quarter view between two naked boys, hands behind his back, legs spread. His penis was clearly delineated, sticking straight ahead. Half up! The focus was perfect. You could even see the uneven folds of the half retracted foreskin, like layers of a lasagne.
This detail. Oh my God! Presented to these girls: Gloria. Cynthia.
There was worse inside. A brazen close-up photo of his physique from chest to knees, his privates revealed as on Michelangelo's David. Every vein, every wrinkle on the stem. The details of his foreskin. And now they knew what his balls looked like. Shit! Even that ridge down the middle and the corrugated lines that ran out on either side, all this could be clearly seen...
...it was incredible that Gloria...that Cynthia...get to inspect pictures like this! Hell, the details of his ball sack!
He shivered all over as Cynthia caught his eye.
"Aw, Mom!" He protested. "Those photos are NOT for sharing!"
"Well, you should have thought about that before you served up those disappointing grades," she replied. "Now look, these are the boys standing on the blocks..."
And they did look, very intently, Gloria especially moving in close, while Mark said he fled the room.
After that Mark told them, as he stroked his now fully erect penis, that "fuckin' album" came out whenever she wanted to teach him a lesson. He was now on his very, very best behaviour if he heard she was hosting bridge but tripped up when he and his sister had a row and he swore at her. Looking back he was sure she had provoked it on purpose. Apparently the album had been the highlight of her party, passed around between the 15 or so ladies.
Unbelievable! Passed around!
"One photo has me...with Mom on one side...and Mrs Harris on the other...with their arms around my waist...me looking at the camera front on...with the biggest, hardest hardon I ever had in my life...and I've got this weak, goofy smile...and they would have all seen it!"
This image seemed to bring Stevie to the brink.
"And...they...have...all...seen..." Stevie was gurgling. "They've seen...all...of...you! "
At this point he exploded, a glob of cum whacking his face, trailing down his nose, more hitting his sternum, more flying through the sunlight to splash on grass. It kept flowing, filled his hand, flowed through his fingers. He gasped, his eyes bulged, he bent over.
Meanwhile Rodney's eyes were bulging too, with lust- lust for boys being naked with dressed ladies, lust for his own Mom seeing his big, bold erections, lust for a strong-limbed naked boy like Mark or himself being the centre of attention with females all around, he stripped of all clothing of course. Every stitch.
Rodney now shot off, and a huge quantity danced in the air, catching the sun's rays before bombing the grass. More followed, as the boy clenched and groaned. A broad, creamy stream stuck to his thigh.
Meanwhile Mark vigorously stroked away. And talked. He told them his sister now taunted him that she knew where Mom hides the album with "the pictures of you in your birthday suit" and she was going to get it down and show her friends if Mark didn't do what she wanted. He said he once caught their Negro maid, Amelia, with the thing open at a picture of his bottom fully displayed when he was on the blocks and one facing it, a close-up of his groin, dominated by the tip of his erection. She had snuffled as she quickly closed it, averted her gaze but always in the future greeted him with a dreamy, faraway look in her eye and a slight superior smile.
"Fuck, she's seen everything about me...my balls...my foreskin! No wonder she grins to herself every time she sees me!"
And he came, colossally, all over his torso and the sun-bleached grass.
Later the three boys lay on their backs, making the most of the afternoon sun, their pricks now dozing under their flaps.
"You heard the latest about Miss Cuff's plans?"
"Jesus, no. What?"
"Jimmy Fraser had to model his costume for her and some teachers visiting from schools outta town... "
"All ladies? "
"You bet. Young and old. Some just outta school. Others headed for retirement home. And the poor bastard had to stand in her office and pose and walk around just in those fuckin' flaps. And one of them said, hey, why have that flap on the back? Indians didn't always have them. The young braves got around with their tight little asses on display for the squaws to admire. And others said, yeah, that's right, we can find pictures of that. Meanwhile Jimmie is blushing like hell especially when they get him to turn his back and hold his flap up and reveal his crack for them and Miss Cuff comes in and helps him pulling it off to the side and they all end up poking around and agreeing that you just don't need it, it doesn't cover much anyway and when the boys run and dance it keeps moving..."
"So..?"
"We're all headed back to the costume maker for another fitting."
The boys absorbed that news.
It was shocking news.
Although Stevie's prick did rouse itself and lifted his frontal flap from his groin. Rodney's penis began to swell, as his mind filled with various ticklish notions he was growing to like.
Mark, too, began to day dream. Something stretched. And something tugged back.
From the back porch Rodney's Mom called that they had had enough sun. If they came in now, she had some fresh lemonade. And there were some girls to see them.
And in the sky above Brewer, as factory whistles sounded and the light retreated, another day was ending.