He kissed me gently around my ankle, caressing my heel with his hand, tracing lines up my leg with his tongue. I pushed my head back into the pillow, enjoying his light touch. His other hand held my left ankle, applying a gentle pressure to keep my legs spread wide. He didn't need to, because they were securely tied to each corner of the bed with leather straps.
He continued to kiss a trail up my leg, massaging my calf with his hand, slowly working his way higher. I was desperate to pull him up, accelerating his journey to my most sensitive of places, but the silk ties holding my arms firmly to the top of the bed made that impossible. He would go at his pace, and no faster.
I felt his cheek rubbing on the inside of my leg, his other hand caressing my left leg, drawing circles with his fingers, each circle slightly higher than the previous one. He moved up above my knees, kissing, caressing, teasing. I could feel the juices starting to seep out of my pussy.
His tongue continued its slow progress up the inside of my thigh, his hands curving around the outside of my legs. Inch by inch he drew himself up the bed until I could feel his hot breath on the lips covering my sex. His hands curved around my arse as he lifted me slightly off the bed and plunged his face into my freshly shaved crotch.
His tongue pushed its way between my lips, searching out every crevice of my pussy. He ran his tongue slowly up the outside of my lips, then licked slowly down towards my anus before flicking it into my slit. He drew circles around my clit, flicking it left and right, pushing down on it then licking back down my slit.
I pulled and strained at my bonds, but I was held firm. His hands worked around my arse, his fingers slipping towards my anus and gently pushing, trying to find a way in. I pushed my hips forward to prevent him penetrating my butt, forcing my pussy into his face, driving his tongue deeper into my sex. He gently stroked my pussy with his tongue, licking up my juices which were flowing freely.
I squealed as his thumb finally found its way into my arse. Thrusting my hips up I strained to get away, but inside I loved the way this made me feel. I was at his mercy. He was in total control but it felt great. I could feel his tongue lapping away at my lips, he started to kiss and suck my clit, then grabbed it with his teeth sending a bolt of electricity surging through my body. I writhed in ecstasy as an orgasm ripped through my very soul. I arched my back, trying desperately to relieve myself of this wave of emotion paralyzing me. I felt as if I would burst any minute.
Gradually the orgasm subsided. His thumb slipped from my arse and his head resumed its steady journey up my body, pausing for a minute to tease my belly button, toying with the ring that pierced my navel, then slowly circling up towards my firm 36D breasts. He licked between my tits, then drew a circle around each one with his tongue. He started to squeeze and pull at my right breast while licking and biting at my left nipple. My nipples were standing proud, giving an ample target for his attentions. He sucked my breast into his mouth, teasing it with his tongue, then releasing it and turning his attention to the other.
All the time I could feel his stiff cock bouncing against my thighs. I longed to feel him inside me, but I had to wait. His assault on my tits continued, gripping each nipple in turn between his teeth and pulling my breasts up from my chest. He would shake his head from side to side, then pull it up further. The pain in my nipple would grow until he let it ping from his incisor grip and let it drop back onto my chest.
His hands roamed further up my chest, onto my neck and into my long dark hair. He took a firm hold then pulled my head back before starting to kiss a trail up my chest and neck. He would kiss and suck my skin as he moved higher, deliberately moving his hips so I could feel his cock bouncing ever higher on my legs.
He kissed up the side of my neck, then played with my ear with his tongue. He licked over my cheek, then thrust his tongue into my mouth. He rubbed his lips firmly against mine, searching out the inner recesses of my mouth. Without warning he pulled back and just stared into my eyes.
"Fuck me!" I said.
"Beg"
"Fuck me. Please fuck me!" I continued.
A smile spread slowly across his face.
I felt his hips drop and start to make slow circles, searching for the entrance to my sex. With very little effort I felt the top of his cock pushing at my pussy, driving inside me bit by bit. He knew how to tease me, he knew how much I wanted it, but he went slowly, taking his time, pushing centimeter by centimeter deeper inside me. It seemed to go on for ages. I just stared into his eyes as I felt his shaft slip slowly inside me.
After an agonizingly long time I felt his pubic hair on my bare lips. He was there. After holding himself deep within me for a few seconds be began to slowly withdraw. With expert precision he waited untill he was almost out of me, then reversed direction and started to slide back in. Again and again he repeated the torture, getting a little faster with each stroke. My crotch felt like it would burst as this slow teasing fuck drove me wild.
His pace got faster and faster. Releasing my hair he placed his hands on the pillow either side of my head and began to increase the force with which he drove his cock into me. With each thrust he seemed to push further and further inside, driving faster and faster. His face began to contort as he approached orgasm.
I was thrashing around by now, pulling at my restraints, trying to gain some control, trying to push him hard into me to take me over the edge. His pace got quicker and quicker. My eyes rolled back and closed as I thrust my hips up. My pelvis began to shake, then my stomach, then my chest, then my whole body, as a massive orgasm ripped through me.
My body went limp but continued to twitch as he pounded his cock inside me. I could feel my pussy gripping his cock as it contracted, resisting his efforts to thrust it in and out of me. This was all it took to send him over the edge and he burst into me with a flood of cum. He closed his eyes and pushed deep into me as he emptied his balls into my inner reaches.
Slowly his cock went limp and slid from my pussy. He collapsed beside me, breathing heavily but leaving me tied and helpless.
"Oh wow!" I said. "That's what I call a fuck."
After a few minutes he sat up and untied my arms and legs. I curled up beside him, resting my head on his chest. He wrapped his arm around my shoulders, gently stroking my skin.
"I have an idea for a new act for the show." he said.
Charles was a department manager in a shop as his day job, but in the evenings he pulled in as much money again by doing a magic show a couple of times a week. I had tried to convince him to go professional, but he liked the security of the shop job and the extra cash from the show helped get him his little luxuries. He tended to play small clubs and pubs, got some free beer and a few hundred pounds in cash. No need for the tax man to know.
"What are you thinking?" I asked.
"I would need you to be a part of the act." he continued.
I didn't like where this was going. Wearing a sparkly outfit and waving my arms about at the side of the stage while he did his show was not something I had any intention of doing.
"It would just be one part of the show, the grand finale."
That was a relief, at least so far, but I was suspicious.
"What do you have in mind?" I asked.
"I'd build a big wheel which would sit behind the curtain for most of the show, then at the end the curtain will be opened and I'll introduce you."
"O....K...." I said slowly, not sure of where this was going.
"You'll be strapped to the wheel and then I'll walk back into the audience and fire a gun at you."
"WHAT!!" I yelled.
"and you catch the bullet in your teeth."
"You must be out of your fucking mind!" I said incredulously. "How stupid do you think I am?"
"No no no it's perfectly safe. There's no real bullet, just a blank cartridge and some paper made to look like a bullet. Just before I leave the stage I'll kiss you and pass a bullet to you which you hold in your mouth. When I fire there will be a split second where people are distracted by the bang, then at that time you push the bullet between your lips and they think you caught it. It's simple."
"I'm not sure."
"I'll give you £50 from the fee, just for that single five minute part of the show. It's got to be worth it. Just think what you could buy if we did that twice a week"
He was right. That was a lot of money compared to my shitty salary as a secretary.
"OK, you're on as long as we get to practice. If it doesn't work out I won't do it. Alright?"
"OK" he responded, kissing me and then jumping up and pulling me off the bed. He led me through the house, still naked, and into the garage. He pulled a sheet off a large structure in the corner and there was the wheel. The bastard. He knew I'd say yes.
After a few weeks of practicing we had the act sufficiently perfect to be ready to add it into the show as the grand finale. As a reward for the hard work practicing Charles took me shopping. After he had bought me some clothes, jewelry and perfume he took me to a quiet back street store.
"We need to get you the right outfit for the show." he said.
We went inside and were confronted with rail after rail of leather, latex and rubber clothing. This was not my usual sort of store. I turned to leave but Charles grabbed my arm and pulled me further inside.
"Don't worry, most of this stuff is for weirdo's." he said "We just need something suitably sexy but not over the top."
I followed Charles deeper into the shop. We came to a stop infront of a rack full of leather clothes. Charles looked through and picked out a leather skirt and top. The top was a bustier with a zip that ran up the front. The skirt had buckles that fastened all the way up the front and a large split up the back. It was about knee high. Handing them to me he picked up a pair of 6 inch heels and led me to the changing rooms.
After a few minutes I was changed and ready. I looked gorgeous, but quite slutty at the same time. When Charles saw me he nearly came in his pants. My tits bulged over the top of the bustier, and there was a narrow band of skin visible between the bottom of the bustier and the top of the skirt. It was all I could manage to stand up in those heels.
"Perfect!" he said.
As we went to the till he grabbed a pair of tie side lace panties, a lace garter belt and a couple of pairs of fishnet stockings. My outfit was complete. The act had been rehearsed to perfection, and tomorrow was the first performance.
The next night arrived very quickly. I spent all day worrying about what was going to happen, frightened of parading on stage dressed in the sexy clothes Charles had bought for me the day before.
I wore normal clothes to the pub where we were to perform the show. In the back room I changed into my show outfit then waited behind the curtain while Charles did his normal routine. It was a fairly quiet audience and it seemed like he was having a hard time getting them excited. It was becoming clear why he needed the grand finale. I was sure it wouldn't be too long before he'd have me doing other things earlier in the show just to get the punters excited.
Finally I heard my cue and walked around the curtain and onto the stage. I immediately caught everyone's attention. A few whistles could be heard in the bar and several guys moved closer to the stage to get a better view. I turned to the audience and did a slow bow, giving an ample view of my cleavage. I was worried my tits may fall out but luckily the bustier was tight enough to keep them contained.
As I stood up again I looked over to Charles, just as he pulled the curtain back and revealed the wheel. Charles walked over to me, kissed me on the cheek and guided me to the wheel, his hand placed on my arse and pushing me forward. The crowd started to get more rowdy and were cheering and whistling as I moved infront of the wheel.
Charles turned me around so I was facing the audience and I could see lots of leering faces as they pulled chairs closer to the stage in order to get a better look at me. Lecherous slobs. I knew Charles was loving the attention that I was getting, but I was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
I stood up on the small blocks attached to the wheel. I had to stand with my legs wide apart, the split on the back of the skirt opening so that I could reach the restraints. I was glad that the split was on the back and not the front. I reached up and grabbed the pegs at the top of the wheel. I was now standing there in a star shape.
Charles quickly tied my legs and arms in place with leather straps. I was now firmly strapped to the wheel, and completely in Charles' hands. Wolf whistles and calls could be heard almost continuously. Charles then walked over, grabbed the gun, and made a big act of loading it with the fake bullet.
He walked over to me and kissed me, and I felt the real bullet being pushed into my mouth. He walked back into the crowd to the far side of the room, aimed at me and pulled the trigger. I quickly pushed the bullet between my teeth. A round of applause went up, along with more cheers and whistles.
Charles walked back to the stage, released me and we bowed together. Each time I bowed forward I felt my breasts bulge further out of the bustier, and could feel the eyes of the men in the audience burning into me.
For a couple of weeks we continued to do the act. I got involved in a couple of tricks earlier on in the show and interest, at least from the men, was growing. A couple of weeks later it seemed like just another night at just another club, but I was wrong.
We had done the usual routine and I was firmly strapped to the wheel as normal. Charles loaded the gun, walked over to me and gave me a kiss. This time I didn't get any bullet. His kisses went on and on as he thrust his tongue into my mouth and kissed me very hard, his hand squeezing my arse while he kissed me.
As he broke away panic filled my body. He'd forgotten the bullet. What was I going to do?
"Charles!" I yelled, "come back here and kiss me again."
The audience laughed. Charles turned around but didn't come back.
"Later darling, be patient!"
"You sure you don't want to kiss me again!" I pleaded.
Charles turned to the audience.
"I bet you'd all like a girl like that!"
I couldn't believe it. So, he'd just have to look like an idiot when the bullet didn't appear. His mistake, and they'd laugh at him. He walked to the back of the room, pointed the gun at me, and fired.
I stood there, still. Strapped to the wheel and no bullet in my mouth.
"Oh. What do we have here?" Charles said.
Great, I thought to myself. Get out of this one big head.
"Looks like this lovely lady missed it."
WHAT? He was blaming me. What a lame trick, and he wanted to make it my fault. I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
"Well, what do we do with assistants who fail to perform?" he went on as he walked back to the stage.
Fear started to build inside me. He had that look in his eyes where I knew he was up to something, and it wasn't good. He put the gun back in its box then walked up to me.
"I think you need to make up for your mistake." he continued, staring into my eyes.
Charles turned to the audience.
"What do you think guys?"
The audience cheered and yelled at what Charles had said. They seemed to be moving towards the stage on mass, getting closer and closer, bunching together and all staring at me.
"These guys came to see something, and you've let them down." Charles went on. "We need to give them something."
My heart began to beat faster and faster. I didn't know what he had in mind, but it wouldn't be good. A room full of drunk men and me strapped to a wheel. Not a healthy situation from my point of view.
My helplessness was starting to turn me on. The fear was turning into arousal.
"Want to see more?" Charles asked loudly to the audience.
There would be no doubt about the answer to that question. They cheered, yelled and whistled. As Charles turned back towards me he had a broad smile on his face.
"Let's give them a show my dear" he said, reaching for the zip on my bustier.
He reached across and grabbed the metal tab at the top of the zip. Slowly he started to pull it down. Men cheered and yelled from the audience. There was nothing I could do. I could not see a single female face in the room. I was alone. Nobody would help me.
I felt each jolt as the zip was pulled slowly down and each tooth slipped through the zip. The top of the bustier opened gradually as the zip was lowered, forced out as my breasts were released from their confinement. Inch by inch he lowered the zip. As it reached the bottom of the bustier I could feel the cold air on my tits. I looked pleadingly at Charles, but he just reached over and with a flick of his fingers the zip came open at the bottom. The bustier fell open and my breasts fell into full view of the audience.
There were loud cheers of appreciation as my tits were revealed for all to see. Charles pulled my bustier out and threw it to the back of the stage. As I looked around the room all I could see were men leering at my chest, staring at my tits. Some had their hands on the lumps in their trousers, slowly rubbing their stiff cocks.
I hoped and prayed that this would be it. OK, so they all got to see a pair of tits. Very nice and they should be happy. Now we can go and this will be the last time I am part of one of Charles' sordid shows. I was wrong. Charles was really playing to the audience.
"Like what you see?"
"Yeah" they all shouted together.
"Want to see more?"
"Yeah" they yelled again
"No!" I screamed
They all laughed at me. Clearly I was in no position to have a say in the matter.
"Wait Wait Wait" Charles said.
At last. He'd come to his senses. He must have known I'd get turned on by this and was just doing it for that. Now we can go home and have wild sex, just the two of us. We'll laugh about this in the morning.
"Gentlemen, gentlemen, please." He continued. The crowd started to quieten down.
"I have forgotten something. There is tonight's raffle to be decided first. Did you all get tickets?"
A low murmur of groans went around the crowd. Clearly they had absolutely no interest in a stupid raffle. From the back of the audience a yell was heard.
"Show us some more!"
The crowd all cheered in agreement.
"No, no, no." Charles went on, shouting above the noise of the audience, determined to keep control.
"First the raffle. If you bought a ticket then you are in luck, because third prize gets to remove the skirt"
"NO!" I yelled, causing another round of laughter from the audience. I stared at Charles with a look of hatred. The bar owner walked onto the stage with a velvet bag. Charles reached in and pulled out a pink ticket.
"17" He called, looking out into the audience.
A young guy on my left jumped up, his face beaming with excitement, waving a pink ticket at Charles. Charles studied it and then said, "We have a winner!"
I couldn't believe it. He was going to let this guy take off my skirt, infront of a room full of horny men, and with me helpless to do anything about it. Much to my dismay I could feel my juices starting to flow. My temperature was rising, and my nipples were going the same. Everyone could see this was getting me hot.
"Take it easy son" Charles said to the young guy who was rushing to start work on the buckles on my skirt. "One at a time, from the bottom."
The young guy did as Charles suggested. Standing to one side so the audience could see everything he started to undo the first buckle. The audience loved it and started to clap, slowly and in unison. The first buckle was soon undone and he started work on the second. It wasn't long before that was undone and he went to work on the third.
I could feel my crotch getting wet. Crazy thoughts went through my mind, like the fact that I was glad I'd shaved my pussy this morning. If I was going to be on display I wanted to look good. Yeah, like that was my biggest problem right now.
As the third buckle fell open and he started on the fourth panic ran through me. I pulled desperately at my bonds, trying to pull my arms from the wheel, trying to kick my legs out. It was futile. All that happened was that my tits swung back and forth, much to the enjoyment of the excited crowd.
The fourth buckle was undone and now he was halfway there. The fifth was open in a second. He was getting quicker. I could clearly see his cock straining inside his trousers, bursting to get out. He must have been at least 8 inches long, and the thought of being at the mercy of that massive tool made me shudder.
The sixth buckle sat just over my pussy. He made a big deal of wrestling with it, all the time catching my pussy and my clit, making me squirm and writhe. The audience loved this. As much as I tried, I could not get his hand away from my crotch. I knew my panties would now be soaking wet as a result of this torment. With relief I felt the sixth buckle open and he started work on the penultimate one.
A few quick movements with his hand and number seven was done. Just one more to go. One more buckle was all that stood between relative modesty and being exposed in all my glory to this manic audience. The clapping had reached a furious pace. Cheers were coming from all over the room, pushing him on to get rid of my skirt and show them my naked body.
He made a big deal of the last one, slowly slipping the strap out of the buckle, easing it open and just as the metal pin slipped from the hole, holding it still. As the clapping and cheering became deafening he released the strap, grabbed the material and with a flourish pulled my skirt straight out. He whirled it above his head in triumph then threw it to the back of the stage.
I stared towards the ceiling, trying desperately to avoid the gaze from all these lecherous men. Here I was, strapped to a wheel in a room full of horny guys, wearing nothing but stockings and a pair of flimsy panties.
"Now for second prize" Charles continued, working the audience into a frenzy.
He delved back into the velvet bag and pulled out another ticket.
"58!" he called.
A loud roar erupted from the front of the stage as a bunch of guys pushed a fairly small man up onto the stage. He was clearly shy but his mates weren't going to let him avoid this public display. He showed his ticket to Charles.
"You lucky lucky kid." Charles congratulated him. "You get to remove her underwear, but there is a catch. You must use your teeth."
Another roar filled the room. He stood infront of me, leaned forward and grabbed the left hand tie on my panties with his teeth. As he stepped backwards I could feel the thin satin ribbon pulling out. The small loop of the bow got smaller and smaller, and with a feint jolt the bow came undone. He quickly leaned forward to my right and grabbed the other side, pulling back quickly to release that one.
My panties didn't fall to the floor though. Their wetness and the fact they had pulled into my bum crack during the show meant that just the front fell down.
"Get your face in there!" Charles encouraged him. "Nuzzle that little beaver and get those panties out of there!"
With a firm hand on his back Charles pushed the guy towards my crotch. He needed no encouragement as he buried his face in my crotch, pushing his nose into my pussy, licking at my lips and inhaling my juices. I knew he should be able to remove my panties quickly but he continued to nuzzle and lick my sex.
I tried to work my hips so that my panties would fall out of my arse crack, but to no avail. The audience just thought he was doing a great job of turning me on. He continued to shove his nose into my pussy, licking away, pushing his tongue into my slit and twisting it around. The audience loved it, urging him on, encouraging him to "chew her twat", "suck her cunt", and numerous other suggestions.
Bit by bit my panties were working loose. With a few final wriggles of my hips they fell to the floor. Charles pulled his head from my crotch. My juices covered his face. A massive smile showed how much he had enjoyed that.
But that was only second prize. My heart sank as I knew what first prize would have to be. I couldn't believe it. Charles was going to give away my body in public, let a complete stranger fuck me on stage, just to get more punters into his show. I frantically strained at the straps holding me so tightly in place. But it was pointless.
"And finally, we have first prize!" Charles shouted.
A massive roar erupted from the crowd. They all thronged around the stage, clutching their tickets, praying it would be them. I could see them staring longingly at my body. The two doormen appeared either side of me. I looked at each one in turn, frightened by their presence.
"Don't worry darling," Charles said to me. "They are just here to make sure there is only one winner. Can't have you being fucked by the whole room can we?"
As if they were a single person the whole room shouted "Yes you can!"
I was filled with panic. From being frightened by the doormen they were now my only safety.
"So, the winner, and the person who gets to screw this gorgeous wench, is?"
Charles reached into the bag, pulled out a number and held it high above his head. Turning it so he could read it he said "Number 21! Come up here, literally, you lucky bastard."
All eyes shot around the room, searching out the person who would get to fuck me on stage, right now, right in front of all these people. The crowd parted and a tall guy was shoved onto the stage. He was already fumbling with his trousers as he staggered towards me. He'd clearly had a few drinks.
Charles patted him firmly on the back as he moved up infront of me. His hands went immediately to my tits as he started to massage them, rubbing his palms over them, pulling on my nipples, kissing and licking them all over. His left hand quickly dropped to my crotch and started to play with my clit.
His fingers slipped lower and first one, then another, were shoved into my dripping snatch. He wasn't gentle. His rough hands and fat fingers forced my lips wide apart. Every time my face winced the audience would cheer, thinking he'd hit the right spot. Everyone was clapping and cheering, urging him to fuck me senseless, make me cum, make me beg for more.
He stepped up closer to me, kissing up my chest, up my neck and then forcing his tongue into my mouth. He held my hair to keep me from moving my head away. With his other hand he guided his cock towards my pussy. The noise from the crowd was deafening as he slipped his shaft into my sex, standing up straight and driving it home.
The power in his legs was incredible. Each time he thrust his cock into me it lifted me off the pegs. My tits were bouncing in time with his trusts as he started to build a steady rhythm. I could feel how turned on I was and I was praying that he would be the first one to come. I couldn't bear the thought of loosing control and having a furious orgasm in such a public place.
He kept pounding into me. After a few minutes he started to kiss my neck, pushing his head onto my shoulder. All I could do was stare over his shoulder at the crowd, watching them as they stared at me getting fucked, and without any say in the matter. But it made me so fucking hot. It was driving me crazy.
My wrists and ankles started to ache as his heavy thrusts made me pull against my bonds. He continued on and on and on, never seeming to get tired, never seeming to get near to coming. I started to get the feeling inside that I had been dreading. I knew my orgasm was on its way. There was nothing I could do. I was so turned on. It just got bigger and bigger.
Each time he thrust into me his pelvis hit my clit. Each time it drove me closer and closer to climax. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back. I couldn't resist it any more. He knew he was winning. With renewed energy he picked up his pace. A small groan uttered from my lips, then a slightly bigger groan, then a moan.
I could hear myself, but I could help myself. As he worked his cock in and out of my slit my cries of pleasure got louder and louder. I bit my tongue, but it didn't help. With each thrust he built my orgasm higher, but it wouldn't release.
The public humiliation I was suffering wouldn't let me cum, but it wouldn't stop the orgasm building. I couldn't believe it. It was agony. I couldn't move. I couldn't release myself. I couldn't get away from this incredible sexually feeling.
"Oh God!" I yelled.
I heard it a split second after I said it, but it was too late. The audience were rapturous. Cheers and yells, screams and whistles filled the room.
"Oh god. Oh god." I went on. I couldn't help myself. I didn't care anymore. I just wanted release.
"Fuck me! Fuck me!" I screamed.
Throwing my head back I nearly passed out as a massive orgasm ripped through my body. I shook and shuddered, writhed in my bonds, shook my head from side to side as the most amazing feeling filled every last corner of my body. For what seemed like minutes I thrashed around on that stage with cheers and whistles raining on me from the audience.
Gradually the feeling subsided and I slumped down in my bonds. The guy continued to hump me but I was done for. I was just a piece of meat on the end of his prick, waiting for him to come. He must have been quite drunk because it took ages. People in the crowd started to loose interest as he continued to thrust into me. Gradually I felt him grow a little bigger, then with one final thrust he shot his load.
A few more humps and he slipped out of me, zipped up his trousers and walked casually off the stage to be greeted with excitement, and jealousy, by his friends. I just hung from my bonds, drained and exhausted. The two doormen undid the leather straps and eased me off the wheel. One of them picked me up like a feather and took me back off the stage.
The ordeal was over, and I couldn't wait for the next time.