Before and after the swing club experience, my wife and I had discussed how much fun it would be to have a 3-some, either MFF or MMF, if it was with the right person. We debated on an ad or a swing club or someone we already knew. The ads in the local swinger mags in Phoenix seemed like they were all single guys, most of which came across really creepy. We had talked to a few people at the local swing club but had not really had any chemistry with anyone yet. There were a couple of friends we considered to be good candidates, but they were pretty spread out around the country, or getting into relationships with people who wouldn't be cool with such things. We even considered hiring an escort, but for legal and health fears decided that wouldn't be a good idea either. We pretty much figured we'd have to wait and see if the right circumstances ever came about, and much to our surprise and delight, they did in the summer of 2000.
We were going on vacation and Margie had a friend who lived on the route with whom she had been real close with for awhile, but hadn't seen in about 4 years. Raquel had been a real wild child, partying pretty hard back in the day. When Margie started to mellow out a little, it had put a strain on their friendship. Raquel had tracked down Margie a few months after we got married, and told her how she had had to go to rehab and that's why she wasn't at the wedding, but was doing really well now, single and selling real estate. Margie and Raquel had a few phone calls and letters exchanged after that and stayed inn pretty good touch. When Raquel found out we'd be passing through she insisted we spend at least one day with her.
We showed up on a Saturday morning about 10AM, and Raquel was very welcoming. We came in and visited, and I was relieved that she seemed so cool. I had never met her, and I kind of expected her to be a real reformed prude. She really was pretty funny and we all had a good time over lunch. It was a damn hot day and Raquel asked if we wanted to get in her pool. We said sure and brought our stuff in and got our suits on. Raquel had a kick ass back yard, with a nice redwood deck and nice pool and gazebo area. We set up under the gazebo and I got in the pool. Margie and Raquel got in a few minutes later and we just splashed around for awhile. We got out and fuck it was hot! We lay out on some lounge chairs under the gazebo and I fell asleep. I must've been out quite awhile, and as I started to wake up I could hear Margie and Raquel laughing and carrying on. I opened my eyes and looked over and they were chatting and laughing and I thought "Cool, it's a nice little reunion." Then I noticed I had pitched a nice tent in my suit as I slept. They weren't looking directly at me when I woke up, so I wasn't positive they were laughing at me, but I figured they might be.
I stood up and Margie said "Hey, where you going?"
I said I had to cool off and Raquel said "Yeah, I guess so!" and then I knew my boner had been noticed. I just smiled at them and jumped in the pool.
I just started swimming laps. I wasn't too embarrassed. I had just met Raquel, but from the stories Margie had told me, Raquel wasn't at all shy, and was quite the little horndog slut back in the party days. I figured I'd have to take some ribbing about it for the rest of the visit, but I could handle it. As I swam I noticed Margie and Raquel had leaned in were talking a little more discreetly and seemed to be a little conspiratorial, glancing over at me every once in awhile. I figured it was just more joking around about my erection and didn't really worry about it. I had slowed down and was just kind of lazily floating around when Raquel got up and went in the house.
The sun was just starting to set and Margie walked down to my end of the pool and said "Hey, why don't you get out." I climbed out and Margie met me with a towel and we walked over to a little outside shower that Raquel had put in. I started to rinse the off and Margie reached down my suit and started helping rinse my package. I looked at her and she said "I want to make sure to get you rinsed off real good. I don't want you tasting like chlorine later."
I laughed and kissed her and called her a saucy little vixen. I said she better knock it off or I'd have to get back in the pool to swim off another hard on. She said she'd take care of the next one and snapped the waistband on my suit as she walked away.
I walked into the house behind her with the towel around my waist to try and hide the hard on she had started to rile up. We went into the spare bedroom and Margie was just finishing putting on a big t-shirt and had put on some baggy shorts. I threw on a t-shirt and some jean shorts and hung my suit next to Margie's in the adjacent bathroom.
Raquel asked if we wanted to watch a movie and Margie quickly answered yes. I said sure and followed into the den area where Raquel had set out some ice tea and was sliding a tape into the VCR. (It was 9 years ago!) I sat down next to Margie on a couch and started pouring a glass of tea and Raquel sat on the other side of me. Margie and Raquel were talking about the furniture Raquel had picked out for the room and I wasn't paying any real attention as the movie started and I figured it would be a trailer for a new movie coming out when the sound of sex came through the TV. I looked up and a porn was playing!
I looked at one and then the other of the ladies and they were just smiling.
Then Raquel said "I got the impression when you were lying down outside you were in the mood for something like this."
I said "I'm up for anything you girls are, pun intended."
Margie said "Good, now let's sit back and enjoy the movie."
I set my glass down and sat back on the couch. I was a little nervous. We'd talked about 3-somes, but Margie had admitted she might get jealous when the time came and she'd be sharing me with another woman. Since we hadn't had a chance to talk about it, I didn't want to ruin the mood and bring it up now, but it was in the back of mind.
I sat back and Margie curled up against my chest under my left arm. Raquel turned a little to the side and kind of lay back with her back against the arm of the couch and her feet by me. The movie was a typical compilation of scenes with little to no talking, which I like. The tape had started near the end of a lesbian shower scene, and I got hard just thinking that it must be one of Raquel's favorites, and I imagined her getting off to it.
Raquel was a little taller than Margie, about 5'9", and more slender build. She was ½ Israeli and ½ English/American descents and her skin had this natural bronze to it. She had kind of short light brown hair, perky little breasts, just about a handful. She was pretty hot.
The lesbian shower scene segued into a bedroom scene with a man and a woman. The action started out pretty typical and Margie slid her hand down to my crotch just like she did at home when we'd start watching porn on the couch. She kept rubbing on my hard on and I glanced over at Raquel and she had slipped a hand inside her shorts and had started making slow deliberate circles around her pussy. I didn't know what to look at! The girl on the screen was deep throating the guy and it was pretty hot, but I had a real live hot chick rubbing her pussy 2 feet from me.
Margie pulled my shirt up and positioned herself so she could suck on my nipple. I was dying and loving it all at the same time.
Margie moved up to my ear and whispered "Just let me guide everything. Raquel and I have a plan and I know what she's cool with, OK?"
I couldn't speak so I just nodded yes.
Margie smiled and licked my nipple again.
Margie said "Slide down a little." and started undoing my shorts. I lifted my ass so she could pull them down and slid my ass down some. My dick sprang up when she took my shorts off and I noticed Raquel was looking at it and not the screen. She still had on her shorts, but had stopped the rubbing motion and was know fingering herself. Margie got back in position and put my cock in her mouth in one quick gulp. I let out a moan and caught my breath.
Raquel was watching Margie suck me and said "Hold her hair, I can't see." I held up Margie's hair with my right hand and slid my left down the back of Margie's shorts and ran my finger along the crack of her ass.
Margie got a bit restless with me running my fingers down her ass to her pussy and said it was her turn to get some tongue and sat up and started pulling off her shorts.
Raquel started to move and I thought "Score! She's going to eat out my wife!" But she just opened a door on the coffee table and pulled out a towel and said "Here, put this down."
I stood up and spread the towel on the couch Margie got on it and lifted her legs and said "Now take a bite of peach!"
It's a line from a movie we know so I laughed and dropped down and dove right in. My nose was right up against her pubic bone and I almost sprained my tongue trying to shove it in as far as I could. I love the taste of pussy and love the reaction from Margie when I'm eating her out. I had her legs by the knees and was lapping it up.
I saw some movement and looked up a little and saw Raquel's hand squeezing Margie's tit. I looked over and saw Raquel had gotten a dildo out, from the same place as the towel I guess because she never left. I kept working on Margie's pussy and Raquel leaned back and slipped off her shorts. She had a little landing strip shave job on her pubes and it looked hot. Margie is not much for shaving her pussy, and I don't have a preference either way, but it certainly worked for Raquel. She started rubbing this dildo, probably 8 to 10 inches and good and thick, along her pussy lips. I had to close my eyes and concentrate on my task at hand. I didn't want Margie not to get a proper eating out!
I opened my eyes again and saw Margie was rubbing Raquel's leg and watching Raquel fuck herself with the dildo. Margie saw me watching her watch Raquel and she smiled and said "I need you to fuck me now."
I stood up, took a big drink of tea, and pulled Margie down a little more until her ass was hanging off the edge of the couch. I lifted her legs and pushed them back until her ankles were at her ears and slid in. I was on my feet kneeling down and Raquel's couch was a really good height for this. I don't have a real big dick, average from what I've seen outside of porno, about 7" fully erect. The height and angle we had were really working for us though, as it gave just right amount of support and room to drive, if you know what I mean. Margie was good and worked up from the tonguing I had given her, so it only took a few minutes and she has coming with a real nice guttural moan. I looked over and Raquel was deep stroking that dildo in and out too. She had spread out her shirt on the couch and I saw she had a sexy little piercing on her left nipple. I wanted to tell her to move closer so I could suck on one of her cute little tits, but I remembered what Margie had said about knowing what Raquel was cool with, so I just enjoyed the moment.
Raquel moved down to the floor and put one hand on my leg and one up on Margie's tit again.
Now Raquel started to really talk for the first time during the sex, saying things like "It smells like pussy in here now!", "Make those titties shake with those strokes" and "Is that a tight pussy?"
The dirty talk was almost enough to make me come right there. Raquel moved up closer in on us, and I felt her hand reach down move between Margie's ass and my balls. I'd feel my balls brush against her hand while she seemed to be squeezing Margie's ass. Then she'd move her hand up and cup my balls as they swayed in the rhythm of our fucking.
She grabbed Margie's leg with her other arm and was holding it tight as I sped up, getting close to coming. She took her other hand off my balls and slid up my ass, and started rubbing her finger right around my anus. It didn't take but a couple more seconds of that and I came with vengeance. Raquel squeezed my ass and Margie's leg and had her pussy pressed up against my ankle, grinding it against me as I came.
I stood up and wavered for a second while I got my balance back. Margie pulled her knees up against her chest and was panting too.
Raquel sat back a little and "Whew, that was something to see!" I had to walk around the room a little while I caught my breath, and Raquel looked at Margie and said "It's my turn to get fucked now, right?"
My dick reversed direction at that, and started to get hard again.
Margie said "That's the plan."
Raquel smiled and said "Alright, then let's go in my room."
Raquel headed out down the hall. I helped Margie up off the couch and gave her a look along the lines of "What's the plan?"
Margie gave me a kiss and said "You just sit back and watch for a while, and we'll let you know what to do next." She grabbed my hand and led me down the hall.
We walked in the room and Raquel had her bed stripped down to a sheet already, and was bent over getting into a drawer next to her bed. My dick jumped again at the sight of her nice ass as she bent over in front of me. I wanted to pounce on it but I restrained myself.
Margie pointed at a chair to our right and said "Why don't you sit there, that should be a good seat."
Raquel stood and turned around with an armful of dildos and a harness. She dropped the dildos, about 4 of them, on the bed and picked out one about the size of the one she had in the den, but designed for a strap on harness.
Margie took it out her hand and asked if that was the one she wanted and Raquel smiled and nodded like a kid who was going to get their favorite dessert. Margie slid it the harness and started to put it on and I knew I was in for a show!
Raquel watched Margie get the strap on ready and said "You seem pretty comfortable with that. You sure you never did a woman before?" as she got some lube and started climbing on the bed.
Margie glanced at me then back to Raquel and said "Just because I haven't fucked a woman doesn't mean I've never used a strap on."
Raquel looked at me and had a real sheepish look. I'm pretty sure I was blushing as Margie and I had never told anyone else about the few times she had fucked me with a strap on.
Raquel had her mouth open with some shock, and then said "That is fucking hot!"
I looked at Margie she had an evil little grin. I knew she had always wanted to tell someone but didn't know anyone she could really share it with.
Raquel said "Rick, if you can get fucked by a woman and give back the kind of fucking I watched you give her, I'm impressed."
I just gave a little bow and said "Why thank you." and took my seat.
Margie said "Now get that little ass over here" as she climbed on the bed from the end. Raquel slid down and reached up and grabbed a hold of the headboard and put her feet up on Margie's shoulders. Margie reached down and got the lube off the bed and got the dildo ready. Raquel watched with a hungry look as Margie worked her hand around the head of the dildo and the length of the shaft before guiding the head down to Raquel's pussy lips.
My main goal was to not get too excited and start jacking off immediately, but this was such a great site in front of me I didn't know if I'd be able to.
Margie slid the dildo in nice and slow, teasing Raquel the way she hates it when I do it to her to drive her crazy. Raquel had a hold of her legs by the knees and was taking short breaths, watching Margie slide it in slowly.
Raquel half whispered "Please"
Margie said "Please what? What do you want Honey? What do you want me to do to you?"
Raquel let out a groan and said loud and clear "Fuck me. Fuck me good."
Margie smiled and bottomed her fake cock out in Raquel's pussy. Raquel let out a loud "Yes!" and threw her head back.
Margie got a good rhythm going and started rubbing Raquel's clit with her thumb. I felt a bit like a proud teacher, watching my wife fuck another woman using some of the same techniques I use on her.
Raquel said "Hold on, I want to move."
Margie pulled out and Raquel got up on her hands and knees with her ass pointing at me. It was all I could do not to jump up and replace Margie. I was twisting in my seat. It was torture. A great torture, but still torture.
Margie got up and moved around and stood up behind Raquel. Raquel had to drop her ass down a bit so Margie could have the angle to fuck her from behind. After a few seconds getting everything lined up, Margie went back to fucking the hell out of Raquel.
I couldn't take anymore and came up behind Margie and pressed my hard dick against her ass and grabbed her tits from behind. I didn't want to mess up her rhythm, so I moved around to her side and bent down and started sucking on her nipple.
Raquel was loving her fucking, and Margie asked her if she might like a dick in her mouth.
Raquel just said "Uh huh."
I looked at Margie and she mouthed the words "You're welcome" and I mouthed back "Thank you" and moved around to be at Raquel's mouth.
I got on my knees on the bed and brought my dick up to Raquel's face. She was bouncing around from Margie's hips slapping against her ass, so I gently held her face with one hand and guided my dick to her lips with the other. She opened her mouth and wrapped it around my dick.
The sight of it made Margie fuck her even harder and Raquel started to moan with my dick in her mouth and it was great. Raquel couldn't really keep her mouth on my dick for long with Margie pumping her so hard so she grabbed it and started stroking me in sync with Margie. Raquel came and she squeezed my dick so hard I had to grab her wrist so she didn't cause permanent damage.
Raquel collapsed on the bed and Margie stood there with a glistening dildo and sweat beads running in between her tits.
I moved around to Margie and I think she thought I was going to give her a kiss, but I bent her over. The strap on had a strap that went down between her legs, so I had to unbuckle that strap form the back, and once it was out of the way, I started fucking her the same way she had been fucking Raquel. I didn't realize it at first but the strap on dildo was swinging back and forth, and Raquel had grabbed it and started rubbing Margie's clit. Raquel was laying there with a freshly fucked glaze in her eyes, watching my dick go in and out of Margie while she rubbed Margie's pussy. Margie was coming hard shortly, and it didn't take too long for me follow suit.
We all collapsed right there and laid on the bed with the only sound our gasping for breath. A few minutes later, I realized that Raquel had fallen asleep, so I nudged Margie and we left the room as quietly as we could. We walked back out to the den and I got some more tea and asked Margie "When did you guys plan that?"
Margie said I fell asleep after the swim and they were sitting there talking for a bit when my suit started to rise. She said it was impossible to ignore.
After the requisite giggles, Raquel asked about our sex life and Margie had started telling her about it and even shared the swing club time with her. They kept talking sex and Raquel asked Margie if she had ever fucked another woman. Margie said she had fingered a girl in college and made out with her, but that was it. Raquel then asked if Margie would like to fuck her while I watched and if she thought I'd be OK with it. Margie said she was sure I'd be good with it and would do that if Raquel would watch while she got fucked by me, and that was how the plan came together.
I said "Damn, I need to take more naps!"
We went back to Raquel's room and she was out cold. We went to the spare bedroom where our stuff was and Margie got on the bed, saying she now appreciated how hard I worked, that pushing ass was harder than it looked and she was tired. I was still wide awake (I had a nice nap after all!) so I sat on a bench by the window and was watching traffic. Margie fell asleep soon thereafter.
I was pretty worked up still, so I went out to the den and put the porn back on. I looked in the door on the coffee table where Raquel had pulled the towel out of and saw she had quite the porn and toy collection.
My mind was racing with all the other things we could've done. Both the ladies sucking me at the same time, a double penetration on Margie with Raquel using the strap on, me going down on Raquel while she went down on Margie, trying to use every toy Raquel had in her stockpile, a veritable buffet of sexual acts.
I jacked off while smelling the shorts that Raquel was wearing earlier, came in the towel Margie had oozed all over and then I was ready for some sleep.
The next morning, we went out for breakfast and things were a little uncomfortable at first. I think things moved a little fast for Raquel the day before, but by the end of the morning she was relaxed again and gave us both a big hug and kiss before we left.
We kept in touch with Raquel for awhile but never had another tryst with her. She married some other real estate guy in '04, and we lost touch with her again after that. But she'll always have a very special place in our hearts.
We've had a couple more FFM 3-somes over the years, and those will come to you in future, dear readers!