The next morning, I woke up and got moving before Carl and Becca. As I walked into the kitchen, I saw her nightgown and wrap sitting where she'd left them when the two of us had gone to my room, which meant she had gone to her bedroom, if not her bed, with her husband, nude, my seed seeping from between her legs. I took a deep breath and wondered quietly to myself if Carl would be as accepting of what had taken place as he had professed he would.
I walked back to my room to grab my briefcase, and when I walked back into the kitchen, Carl was standing there in his boxers, pouring himself a cup of coffee.
"You two had quite a night," he said, looking up at me and smiling.
"Yeah, we did," I admitted, grinning sheepishly. How do you tell one of your best friends that sex with his wife was fantastic?
"Good," he said. "I'm glad you enjoyed yourselves."
"You sure you're still okay with it?" I asked him. "I don't want it to ruin things between you and me."
He waved a hand, dismissing the notion as he sipped his coffee. "I told you, it's fine. Don't worry about it. Look, I gotta get ready for work, too. We'll talk tonight."
I began digging in the refrigerator as he went to shower and get dressed. As I closed the refrigerator and turned around, I saw Becca standing there, covering herself with her wrap from the night before.
"Good morning," I said, smiling at her.
"Good morning," she replied. She stood there, holding her wrap closed with one hand and wrapping her other arm around her.
"Did you sleep well?" I asked. I'd hoped it wouldn't be awkward like this.
"Out like a light the moment my head hit the pillow," she said, "and I don't think I moved."
"Good," I said. "I passed out, too... best night's sleep I've had in weeks."
"Really?" she asked. Her arms folded in front of her as she relaxed a little.
"Yeah," I nodded. I decided to bite the bullet and ask the obvious question. "Are we," I swept a hand to indicate her and myself, "are we good? Are we going to be okay? Because this feels really awkward right now..."
"Yeah," she admitted. "It's awkward, I mean." She paused, looking at me and thinking. "Carl knows, obviously, and he seems okay, so... I guess it's just you and me. I just don't want to screw things up here. You know what I mean?"
I nodded.
"But if everyone's still okay with it, we're fine," she said.
"Good," I said, hoping things were, in fact, fine. "I gotta go before traffic gets any worse. I'll see you tonight."
"Okay," she said, stepping towards me. "Don't I get a kiss goodbye?"
I locked eyes with her as she raised an eyebrow and looked at me expectantly. I cupped her face in my hands and kissed her goodbye for the day as she released her hold on the wrap, her hands covering mine, both of us holding the kiss longer than I had originally intended. The kiss wasn't one of passion, but of tender, genuine affection. As we concluded the kiss, I looked down and saw that her wrap had fallen open. I smiled at her as I stepped back from her.
"I like the view," I told her, picking up my briefcase and heading for the door.
"Oh you do, do you? How about this?" she asked, and I turned around in time to see her throw the robe open, and then close it shut quickly as she took off down the hall to take her own shower.
It turned out to be one of the days where I had been first to leave, and I was the last to come home. I got out of my truck, and the aroma of a grill burning caught my nose's attention.
I walked into the house, and immediately realized Carl must be grilling dinner, because the kitchen was quiet, and I couldn't smell anything in the house that could be identified as dinner. I looked into the kitchen on the way to my room, and saw Becca standing next to the sink making a salad. I stopped and watched her for a minute. Her hair was pulled back, showing her delightfully cute ears. She was wearing blue slacks that fit her perfectly, just snug enough to provide a visually appealing outline of her buttocks.
I think she must have sensed me standing there, because she glanced over at me, smiling as she continued to tear lettuce into a bowl.
"Are you going to just stand there and stare at my ass?"
"I'm sorry," I said, walking into the kitchen. "I didn't mean to stare... I mean I wasn't..."
"Right," she said, turning to face me. "Don't even try that crap with me. You were staring at my ass."
"You have a very nice looking ass," I told her as I walked into the kitchen.
"Don't change the subject," she said.
"I wasn't changing the subject... we were still talking about your ass," I said, stepping closer to her and kissing her.
She returned my kiss, her hands still resting on the counter. I couldn't tell if she was really upset or not.
"So you think you're being funny," she said, jutting her chin forward and narrowing her eyes.
"I'm sorry, Becca," I said, kissing her again.
"You better be," she said, hugging me as we kissed.
"I guess I have this to look forward to every night?" I asked her.
"Staring at my ass, me chastising you for doing it, or kissing me?"
"I was thinking about kissing you when I get home," I said. Home, temporarily, anyway.
Becca looked up at me. "I didn't realize it was such a chore; kissing me, that is. You seemed to enjoy it last night."
"I was not implying kissing you is unpleasant. I do enjoy kissing you. I'm just still a little fuzzy on where the lines are drawn."
"The lines are pretty clear," she said. "I'm a hottie. I'm horny. I'm married, my husband is very open-minded and willing to let me play. You and I get to take advantage of it." Becca bit her lower lip as she decided what to say next. "I really enjoy kissing. I guess you could say it's the first step in foreplay for me." Her fingers dug into my back. "So... if you want back into my pants, you gotta kiss my lips."
"I can deal with that," I said. I hugged her again, holding her close, feeling her body's warmth. We kissed again, our lips lingering for a moment before parting. I reluctantly released her from our embrace and went to change clothes.
Dinner that night was sirloin steaks with grilled corn and salad. I've never been mistaken for a wine connoisseur, but the wine we had went really well with the meal.
After dinner, we all sat down in the living room, listening to the stereo and sipping glasses of wine. None of us were intoxicated, but I'm pretty sure we passed the points of our inhibitions being a factor. Becca had changed into shorts, leaving her shirt unbuttoned low enough to reveal she had removed her bra. She sat snuggled next to Carl on the sofa, and her hand absent-mindedly stroked his leg as his hand caressed her breast through the cloth of her shirt.
We talked about the events of the previous night. Carl and Becca had discussed the issue thoroughly between themselves. No one was upset about what had happened. Carl was content with the fact that his wife had shared my bed with me, but had still ended up "coming home to him" at the end of the night, and he had no problems with it being a recurring event. For her part, Becca admitted that she had been really nervous to begin with, but that she had been excited, too, and didn't want what had happened to be a one-time thing. I got the impression I might be with her on a relatively regular basis.
Becca felt the need to clarify a couple of things for the record. First, she said that since we were all consenting adults, anything would be permissible between the two parties as long as both agreed. Second, if any of the parties desired privacy for sex, it would be found only in the respective bedrooms. Anywhere else in the house was an open stage for exhibitionism. She added that the kitchen was included.
While we talked, Carl and Becca sat together, cuddled up on the sofa. He had his arm around her, continuing to caress her breast through the fabric of her shirt. She had her hand resting in his lap. As the discussion progressed, Becca unbuttoned her shirt completely, and exposing herself to both of us, rolled to her side, and I watched as Carl cupped her breast in his hand. Becca either felt Carl's cock getting hard, or she was encouraging his arousal, because her hand began to actively massage his groin. After a few minutes of her doing this, Carl shifted his position, attempting to ease his the discomfort from the confinement of his growing arousal. Becca made no real attempt to be discreet, so it was hard to miss when she unzipped his shorts and snaked her hand inside to free his cock. When she had wrapped her hand around him, Becca began a slow patient cadence of pumping his manhood. Carl pulled her to him in a passionate embrace, locking her into a deep kiss. Their kiss lingered as his hand fondled her breast and as she continued to stroke his cock. I began to get hard myself wondering if they were going to go for it right there on the sofa.
Without provocation, they released one another from the embrace, Becca got up off the sofa, said she was getting ready for bed and left the room. Carl and I watched her as her shirt flapped open, flashing her tits, and then she walked to their bedroom, her hips swaying as she went. Carl sat there looking flushed, his erection throbbing with each beat of his pulse.
Carl and I sat there awkwardly for a few minutes, making small talk. Tucking his flagging erection back into his shorts, he turned on the TV and we watched the news, discussing our plans for the weekend. He had a golf foursome lined up for Saturday morning and was going to be out of the house by seven a.m. I was supposed to help a couple of guys from the office work on an old car that was being restored, but that wasn't until the afternoon. Becca was supposed to go shopping with a girlfriend.
Becca walked back into the living room, a robe pulled around her body, apparently wearing nothing underneath it. She stopped in front of Carl with her back to me.
"If you are sleeping in bed with me tonight and want some of this," she said, throwing open the robe, "you better come get it now."
"Yes, dear," Carl said. Capitulating to the desire for his wife, he took a deep breath and rose from his seat.
Becca allowed the robe to sag as she pulled it back to her body, closing it. It had fallen from her shoulders and was held in place around her lower body only by her hands. She was nude from the waist up. Turning, she walked over to me, and leaned over, her breasts swaying unfettered, nipples semi-hard.
"I forgot to kiss you goodnight," she said, letting go of the robe as she put her hands out to brace herself against my chair, touching her lips to mine.
I slid my tongue against hers as her hand dropping into my lap and pressing firmly against my cock through my shorts.
"Goodnight," she said, her breath warm against my cheek.
"Goodnight," I said, watching as she walked to her bedroom again.
"It's okay to stare at my ass," Becca said as she stopped in the doorway to her bedroom.
I turned off the remaining lights in the house to get ready for bed. My own cock had gotten hard as a result of the short performance I'd witnessed earlier. I wondered if they would ever actively expose themselves in the act with an obvious audience like that. Aside from photographs and watching adult videos, I had never seen a couple actually having sex. The thought that I might get to watch them excited me.
I still had to brush my teeth, and that meant a trip down the hall past their bedroom.
I stole carefully down the hall, striving for each step in the darkness to be silent and undetected. As I arrived at their bedroom, I saw that they had not closed the door, and I stopped momentarily to take in the view. Becca lay on the bed, naked, a pale glow cast on her body from the light of a dim lamp on the night stand. Her nipples stood proudly erect atop her heaving breasts as her hand danced a slow rhythm between her legs. Carl strode into view, his presence preceded by his erect cock jutting from his body.
Stopping by the night stand, Carl turned off the lamp. Their voices were barely perceptible in the sudden darkness, but I could hear Becca telling Carl to come to her, that she wanted his hard cock inside her. I closed my eyes for a second, trying to hurry my eyes to better vision in the darkness. When I opened them a moment later, I could see Carl's shadow kneeling on the bed beside Becca, her hand stroking his cock as his hand stroked in between her thighs.
I stepped into the bathroom, closing the door quietly behind me, hoping they wouldn't think I was spying on them. Without turning on the light, I managed to get my teeth brushed, and I once again stepped out into the hallway.
I couldn't resist the temptation, and stopped to look back into their room when I had passed their doorway. Becca was on her hands and knees, and Carl was fucking her from behind. I was once again aware of my cock straining against my shorts, and I reached down, rubbing my own cock. As tempted as I was not to, I waited until I returned to my room before taking off my shorts, freeing my cock.
I began to slowly stroke the shaft of my cock as I imagined the sight of them fucking while listening to the occasional sounds coming from their room.
A short time later, I could here Becca moaning as they reached their climax. If I could hear them, I realized Carl could easily have heard us the night before. I rolled over and went to sleep thinking about the possibilities.
The next morning, I followed Carl out the door as he left to go play golf. I went for a five mile run, enjoying the cool early morning air. When I got back to the house, I was soaked in sweat, but I felt great.
I walked into the house and headed straight for the kitchen to get some water. As I turned on the sink, Becca stuck her head into the kitchen. She had just come out of the shower and was combing her wet hair.
"You make it hard to stay in bed when you're and moving around early like this," she said.
"It's eight o'clock," I said, looking at my watch.
"I know, but it's Saturday. How am I supposed to sleep in with both of you getting up and moving so early?"
"Sounds like something you need to take up with Carl," I told her, "because I was very quiet when I got up and went out the door."
"He was, too," she said, "but that's not the point. It's the guilt of knowing I'm still in bed, and for no good reason."
"Poor thing," I said. "I am just consumed with sympathy. Do you need a hug?" I leaned towards her, opening my arms.
"No!" she said, taking a step back. "You are hot, sweaty and nasty. If you come any closer, I will beat you with this comb."
I backed up, leaning against the counter. "You know, you can be really mean in the morning," I said, taking a drink of water.
"I can be magnificently sweet, too," she said. "My point right now is, if I wanted a sweaty, bodies all worked up hug, I'd have gone running with you and we could be stripping to go take a shower together. As it is, I've already had my shower, and you really, really need one."
"Yes, ma'am," I said, dropping my head, and then looking up at her out the corner of my eye.
She gave me a look that said patronizing her was not a profitable venture, then turned and left to go dry her hair.
I kicked off my shoes and socks, stripped off my shirt and headed for the bathroom to take a shower. As I passed her bedroom door, I saw her reflection in the mirror as she started drying her hair. She had dropped the robe and for a brief moment, I enjoyed the sight of her breasts rising as she raised her arms over her head.
I had just finished rinsing the shampoo out of my hair when I heard her asking me something, but I couldn't tell what she was saying because of the shower. I asked her to repeat her question, and I leaned out of the shower to hear her. Becca stood halfway through the door, asking if I was going anywhere or if I was going to be at home for a while. I took a moment to enjoy the view, as she had not put her robe back on, and told her that I wasn't going anywhere for several hours. She smiled at me, nodded, and shut the door.
I finished showering, dried off and brushed my teeth. I started to head back to my room to get dressed, and decided to ask her if she still needed a hug. I found her in the kitchen, standing at the table, bent over at the waist reading the paper. She wore nothing more than bikini panties that left very little to the imagination, and I could see the outline of her breasts as they hung from her chest.
"I'm staring at your ass again," I told her. "Just thought you would like to know."
"Like what you see?" she asked, looking over her shoulder at me and smiling as she wiggled her hips.
I nodded, stepping towards her. I placed my hand on her back and ran it up and down her spine, caressing her. Moving next to, but slightly behind her, I put an arm around her, bent my body to her contour and hugged her, kissing her on the cheek, then burying my nose in her hair. I inhaled the smell of her as my hand caressed her belly. I kissed the back of her head and moved to the side. She dropped her head and swept the hair from her ear, clearing me a path. I kissed the top of her ear, taking it in my lips, then tracing the outline of her ear with my lower lip until I drew her earlobe into my mouth, nibbling it and sucking on it gently. I felt her body stiffen as she took in a deep breath.
"What are you doing?" she asked, looking at me as she parted her lips with her tongue protruding slightly.
"I owed you a hug," I told her. "You smell good... feel good, too." I stood up and caressed her back, running my hand lightly from her shoulders to her bottom.
"That feels really good," she said. "But I'm warning you, my ears are off limits unless you really want trouble."
"What kind of trouble?" I asked, continuing to rub her back and leaning down to kiss her. I planted my lips lightly on her cheek, my lips tracing a path down to her jaw line.
"Mmmm," she said purring with pleasure. "Trouble like you had the other night. You do remember getting into trouble here in the kitchen, don't you?"
I kissed her upturned lips as she offered them to me, our tongues touching lightly. She knew I remembered. I let my hand drift down to her panty-clad ass, and her cheek filled my hand. My other hand was gainfully employed holding up my towel, which tended to work its way loose on the walk back to my room. Now, though, my cock was beginning to form a tent, straining, as it sought to be free of the restricting confines of the towel. I tried without much success to adjust myself, and decided two hands were better suited to fixing the problem.
Becca looked down as I pulled the towel loose and began to readjust it to accommodate my swelling member.
"Don't bother with the towel," she said, reaching back and putting a hand on mine to stop me as I started to tuck it. "I like seeing you naked, and you'll be able to use both hands."
I tossed the towel aside as Becca turned back to face the table. I reached for her, cupping her ass cheeks in my hands. I massaged her ass, squeezing the flesh and caressing it. Her ear was still exposed, and I leaned forward and kissed the top of it, then moved down to suck lightly on her ear lobe. Her body tensed and she inhaled deeply.
"I like your ass," I whispered, then licking the outline of her ear. "It feels..."
"Final warning...," Becca said. "There is a direct connection between my ears and other parts of my body, and..."
"What kind of connection to what other parts?" I asked, kissing the top of her ear, reaching around her, and moving a hand up her belly to cup her breast. I knew exactly what she was talking about, but I wanted to make her tell me.
She was gripping the chair in front of her almost hard enough to turn her knuckles white. She let out a long, slow, controlled breath in an effort to maintain her composure. Becca straightened up, continuing to lean on the chair, and turned her head to face me. I felt her hand reach back and rise under my cock, cupping my balls. Her hand moved up, allowing my balls to settle beneath me as my cock came to rest in her palm. She gently pulled her hand forward, her fingers slowly traveling the underside of my cock. When the head of my penis was resting atop her fingertips, she caught it there, dragging the tip of her middle finger through the slot in the tip of my cock. She moved her hand up, repeating her motion with my cock.
"I think you know perfectly well exactly what I'm talking about," she said.
"I want to hear you say it,' I said, looking her in the eyes as we continued to caress each other.
She looked at me, licking her lips slowly, debating what to do. "Kissing and biting and blowing softly in my ears... it's like it sends an electric signal straight to my pussy. It makes me go from calm to out of control if I'm not really focused."
"So you want me to stop?" I asked. It was a question whispered, my breath hot on the edge of her ear as my left hand gently massaged her breast, my right hand stroking her ass. I took her upper ear into my teeth and bit down lightly.
"You're not being nice," she said. I watched as she slid a hand inside her panties, presumably to finger herself. "I'm wet. Really wet. And it's your fault." She shifted her legs to give herself better access.
"What would you like me to do about it?" I asked as I continued to massage her and traced my tongue along the edge of her ear.
"Oh, you're mean," she said, drawing her breath in sharply as her nipple hardened in my hand. "For starters, peel my panties off of me, and kiss my ass. I can't believe you got me wet like this."
I pushed her panties down off of her hips and she stepped out of them when they reached the floor. I knelt behind her, digging my fingers into the flesh of her behind, pulling it to me and kissing it. I released my handful of flesh and began alternating between nibbles and kisses on her ass cheeks. I pulled back to caress her bottom and watched for a moment as she plunged a finger in and out of her pussy slowly. As her finger paused at the outer edge of her opening, I swatted her with the open flat of my hand, not hard enough to be painful, but to sting just a bit. It had the desired effect. Becca arched her back and had to brace herself as her knees almost buckled.
"Oh..." she moaned. "That's not fair." She turned to face me.
"Should I not have done that?" I asked, looking up at her as my hands caressed her leg. She continued to lean against the table as she gazed at me. I leaned in to kiss her leg. I planted a kiss on her upper thigh, and my lips began to trace their way to her backside, and then work forward. I was holding onto her as I did this and noticed when her hand returned to her womanhood. She was slowly stroking herself with the tip of her finger when I stopped to look up at her.
"Should we find someplace comfortable?" I asked. "I don't want you to lose your balance and fall."
"Yeah, that's probably a good idea," she agreed. "But my balance is fine."
I stood up and Becca took my hand, leading us into the living room. Turning to face me, she put her arms around my neck, and I pulled her to me with my hands on her hips.
"Did you and Carl talk last night or any other time about the things that really get me hot and turned on?"
"No," I replied. "I'm guessing you like being spanked."
"Not all the time, but yes," she admitted. "It seems to amplify the sensations if I'm being fingered or otherwise manually stimulated at the same time, so when your hand made contact, I jumped, the tip of my finger grazed my clit..."
"And you went weak in the knees," I said, making the connection. She nodded.
"I want you to do it again," she told me.
"Here?" I asked. "In the living room?"
"Yeah," she said. "Carl won't be home until well after lunch, and I wouldn't care if he saw us anyway."
Our eyes held contact. Becca leaned up and kissed me, her lips aggressing against mine, her tongue invading my mouth enough to establish contact and draw me out. I responded to her pulling her body closer to me, filling my hands with her warmth. She moved one of her hands from around my neck and took hold of my cock.
"I'm a bit of an exhibitionist," she told me. "It's something I enjoy, but don't do a lot; showing off, I mean." Her hand pumped my cock. "I don't strip in public or anything like that, but I like being naked in the backyard; I may flash you here in the house; I may show up in your bedroom standing next to your bed to masturbate while you watch. If Carl isn't here or he's already in bed and you see me naked, the odds are really good that I'm horny. Like this morning."
"What were you doing last night?" I asked her as my erection throbbed in her hand.
"When I kissed you good night with my tits exposed and dropped my robe?"
"Yes," I said, then shaking my head. "No, earlier, when the two of you were groping each other. I was kind of surprised to see you open your shirt like that and... You almost went at it right on the sofa."
"It wouldn't have been the first time," she said. "Did it bother you seeing me open my shirt and stroking him? Did I make you uncomfortable exposing my tits and playing with my husband's cock?"
"No. I was kind of disappointed that you didn't go further," I admitted.
"Did your cock get hard?" she asked, a smile on her face as she continued to stroke my cock.
"Yes," I replied, dropping a hand to caress her breast, her nipple hard in my hand.
"I wanted to stand up, strip right here, suck him off and fuck him while you watched, but I wasn't sure how you would react," she said. We kissed again as she rubbed my cock against her belly. "Do you want to watch me get fucked by my husband?"
"Yes," I said. "I want to watch you strip nude and slide your pussy down onto his cock and fuck him."
Becca's eyes were glazing over with lust. She nodded. "I think we can make that happen," she said. She released her hold on my cock and backed away from me. I watched as she dipped a finger between her legs. I could see her loins were flushed with arousal.
"I am really wet," she said, pulling her finger up to lick the moisture from it. "Do you want a taste?" I did, and she gave me one, sliding her finger between my parted lips.
"Here's what I want to do right now," she said. "I'm going to get on my knees facing the sofa I'm going to start pleasuring myself again, and when I tell you to, I want you to start spanking me. Swat me like you did earlier, but harder; I'll tell you how to pace it. It's going to involve a good deal of you spanking, kissing and rubbing my ass." Her finger continued to dance across her vaginal lips as she walked to the sofa, got down on her knees and leaned forward bracing herself with her elbow. I stood there for a second, stroking my cock as I enjoyed the site of Becca masturbating, her breasts swaying gently.
I knelt behind her and leaned forward, planting a kiss on each side of her ass. I grasped her hips, gently bit her ass cheek with just enough pressure for it to be felt. The other cheek got the same treatment and I began alternating my attentions between the two sides, trading kisses and gentle bites.
"Can you reach my tits?" she asked. "I want you to play with my tits and pinch my nipples."
I reached around and palmed her swaying breasts. I moved my hands until there was the tiniest bit of friction as her nipples raked my palms, and it had the intended effect of teasing her and causing her to moan. She pled with me to pinch them, so I took her nipples between my thumbs and fingers and rolled them. She moaned again.
"Spank me; spank my ass," she ordered. I flattened my hand and planted it sharply against her behind. "Harder," she said. "Not like you're actually trying to beat me, but hard enough that it rocks me. I'm getting close to cumming and that will help push me over the edge in a big way. You couldn't see where my hand had made contact with her backside, but I knew that if I did this right, I was going to leave handprints as proof of it.
I spanked her with one hand and she told me to do it a little bit harder. The next swat was harder, and I timed it to arrive as she was almost through with her outward finger thrust.
"Oh!" she exclaimed.
"Sorry, that was too hard, wasn't it?"
"No... that was perfect... your timing was great. Just a little harder and find that rhythm and keep it up," she said looking over her shoulder at me.
I let her get settled again. I could see where my hand had left its mark on her rear end. I bent forward and kissed it. I watched her for a moment, and when I thought the timing was on, smacked her other cheek. She grunted and kept her pace. I smacked her again and was rewarded with another groan.
"That's awesome," she said. "Oh, keep spanking me. Smack my ass. It's helping make me cum."
"Good. I want to watch you cum," I told her as I smacked her again.
Becca moaned again, clearly getting closer. "No," she said. " You... Oh, damn... I'm getting close. You're gonna do more than watch me cum. I want you inside me. I want your hard cock inside me when I cum." Becca was breathing hard. I slowed the pace of my spanking a bit and looked down between her legs. Two fingers were stroking in and out of her pussy. I could see her wetness glistening on her fingers as she played with her swollen, blood engorged sex.
"You are so beautiful," I told her as I stroked my hard cock.
"Thank you...," she said, breathing raggedly. "Oh, Mike... I'm so hot... I'm getting close to cumming... Fuck me... give me your cock... put it in me and fuck me..."
I moved up directly behind her and aimed my cock at her opening. The head of my cock made contact with the spot immediately between the opening of her pussy and her ass and then I pushed forward. Her fingers held her pussy lips open for me, and I slid the head of my penis inside of her. She removed her fingers, and I slowly slid my cock into her, settling a bit more each time before withdrawing almost completely and then thrusting forward again.
"Push all the way in and just hold there for a minute," she told me.
I buried myself inside her and felt the walls of her pussy hugging my cock within her.
Looking back over her shoulder, Becca said, "I want you to give me one hard smack on each cheek. Hold yourself steady and let me move on your cock. Spank me and let me fuck you."
I did as she asked. As she began to slide forward on my cock, I spanked one side of her ass, then the other. She moaned and told me to do it again. Four more times she told me to spank her, and then she began to thrust her hips back to me in earnest.
"Fuck me, Mike," she said. "Fuck me... I'm about to cum..."
I began thrusting my cock into her, and we fell into a rhythm as our bodies moved together.
Becca threw her arms out and dug her fingers into the cushions of the sofa; she also lost all pretense of rhythm in moving with me as her orgasm began to overtake her.
"I'm cumming... Oh, it feels good... Oh..." Becca moaned as the pleasure flowed through her body. I could feel her pussy contracting as she came. The extra friction was speeding up my own approaching orgasm.
"Cum, baby," I encouraged her. "Cum on my cock..." I swatted her behind again with the flat of my hand.
"Oh, yes," she hissed as she ground her ass back at me. "Oh, fuck... keep fucking me with your cock... oh, yeah... damnit... cum inside me... fuck my pussy and fill me with your cum..."
I felt the familiar wave of pleasure as it hit, tightening in my balls and then suddenly I lost my rhythm as I was hunched over her, pounding my cock into her with short, desperate thrusts as I pumped my semen into her.
As the waves of our climax faded, we remained there, slumped over the couch, our breathing slowly returning to normal.
Finally, I leaned back and withdrew from her pussy. Looking down at her ass, I could see the red marks where my hands had made their impressions on her flesh. I leaned down and kissed both sides of her behind and then moved back as she attempted to stand up.
"I think we both need another shower to clean up," she said. "Want to join me?"
I nodded, got up and took her hand as we walked to the bathroom to clean up.
A few nights later, I was afforded the opportunity to watch Carl and Becca.
Initially, they were merely snuggling together on the sofa, which was not unusual at all. A short time later, though, Becca fished Carl's cock out of his boxers and began stroking him. Without prompting, Becca pulled her shirt off and began to suck him off right there. As she sucked him to full hardness, he caressed and fondled her breasts. When his hand pressed into the waist band of her shorts, she stood up, dropping them and crawled between his knees wearing only her panties to continue his blow job. A few minutes later, she stood up, whispered something in his ear and left the room, supposedly to get ready for bed.
Carl sat there looking very relaxed, his cock standing erect and weaving with the pulsing of his heart.
"She's so fucking hot," he said. "Makes you want to pull your cock out and get off just watching her doesn't it?"
I nodded. My cock was hard. Watching her was arousing, no doubt about it.
We sat there for a few minutes, silently.
I decided it might be time to turn in, and said good night. I headed to the bathroom to take a shower and wind down.
As I passed Carl and Becca's bedroom, I noticed the bedside lamp was lit, casting a faint glow in the room. Their bathroom door was open and I could hear the water running as Becca presumably got ready for bed and ready for her husband.
When I had finished my shower and came out of the bathroom, all of the lights were out except for the bedside lamp in their bedroom and the kitchen light near my room.
Carl and Becca's bedroom door was wide open, and I glanced quickly inside Carl and Becca's bedroom door, as I walked past. I guessed that Carl must be in the shower, because I could hear it running and I could see Becca laying on the bed, covers turned down. I relaxed the hold on my towel, allowing it to fall away from my body as I lingered there, looking in on her. She had her eyes closed, one hand buried between her legs, one hand massaging a breast. I felt my cock return to hardness as I watched her quietly and patiently pleasuring herself. As much as I wanted to continue watching her, I decided it was best not to and headed for my room.
I pulled back the covers on my bed and got ready to crawl in. I hadn't put anything on and my cock, hoping for some sort of release, hung semi-erect.
As I reached to turn out the light, I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye. Becca stood in the door way of my room, naked and stroking herself.
"Why did you walk away a minute ago?" she asked as she stepped towards me. Her breasts swayed gently, her nipples hard and erect, red from suckling and being pinched.
"You saw me?"
"I opened my eyes just in time to see that cute ass of yours walk away from my bedroom. I know you saw me," she said. "I wish you had come on in."
"I don't know if that would have been a good idea...," I said. "The bedroom's are supposed to be privacy zones..."
Becca put her arms around my neck and brought her body next to mine as she kissed me with her open mouth, her tongue darting forward to find mine.
"If we really want privacy," she said, "we need to close the door. If the door's open..." Becca licked her lips as her meaning sunk in.
Becca reached down between us and grasped my cock.
"Did you get hard watching earlier?" she asked, stroking my cock. I nodded my affirmative reply. She released my cock and it fell against her belly. She placed her hand between her legs for a moment, then raised her hand to my mouth and gently inserted her finger, which was coated with her wetness. I sucked her finger in, savoring her taste. "Come with me," she said, taking my hand.
She led me back down the hall toward their bedroom. We went into a smaller room across the hall that was used as an office. A chair sat in the shadows, back from the doorway, facing their bedroom.
"Sit here," she told me. "I'm going back to my bed, and I'm going to lay down and start masturbating again. And I want you to watch." Her hand reached down and took hold of my cock, stroking it. "When Carl comes to bed, I'm going to suck his cock, and then I'm going to mount him and we're going to fuck. I want you to watch. I want you to watch us fuck."
"Does he know I'm going to watch?" I asked. My cock throbbed in her hand.
She nodded. "Promise me something," she said. "I want you to enjoy watching us. I might be where I can see you, and I would love to see you masturbating... but don't cum... you'll understand why later."
Becca kissed me and went to her bedroom as I sat down in eager anticipation. She crawled onto her bed and positioned herself, spreading her legs, giving me an excellent view of her pussy as her fingers returned to work. I watched as she plunged a finger between the folds of her sex, slowly moving it in and withdrawing it to trace swirls around and across her clitoris. Her other hand lazily massaged a breast, stimulating a nipple, pinching it and rolling it. I stroked my cock slowly as I watched her writhe in pleasure. Carl stepped into view, stroking his cock as he watched his wife pleasuring herself. He crawled onto the bed next to her, his cock swaying with anticipation.
Carl reached between Becca's legs, placing his hand on top of hers. She withdrew her hand and spread her legs farther as he penetrated her with a finger. He bent down to kiss her. As they kissed, their tongues dancing together in concert, Becca arched her back, Carl pressing his palm down on the crest of her mound as his finger danced within her. Their lips parted and I couldn't hear it, but Becca must have told Carl to give her his cock, because he moved towards her head. Becca raised her head as she opened her mouth wide, allowing him to place his cock between her lips. She took him in slowly, less with the force of trying to suck him in and more with forming a pocket of her mouth to fit around his manhood. She reached up to cup his balls, palming them gently as she began a slow, deliberate movement back and forth on his cock. Carl withdrew his hand from between her legs, closed his eyes and focused on the pleasure his wife was giving him. He reached down, caressing her head, running his fingers through her hair. She continued to fellate him for a while longer, then directed him to lay down.
Carl assumed a prone position on the bed, his erect cock swaying like a snake preparing to strike. Becca maneuvered herself to a position where she knew I'd be able to watch her taking him into her mouth, and she looked over towards me, smiling softly as she noticed me stroking myself. She swept the hair from her face and resumed her oral ministrations. I noticed Carl squirming a bit as his breathing was disturbed by his arousal. Becca continued sucking him, fucking him with her mouth. After a few brief minutes, she let his cock fall from between her lips. She leaned forward, kissing him as he reached beneath her to finger her pussy. They spoke to one another briefly, both of them smiling and sharing a short laugh. Becca shifted her position, turning to face the foot of the bed and straddling Carl. She positioned herself over his cock, taking it in hand and aiming it up at her waiting sex. Becca looked over at me as she swirled the head of his cock in her wetness and then slowly lowered herself onto him, taking him into her depths. When he was all the way into her, his hands grasped her hips, caressing her as she slowly shifted position. Satisfied that she was set how she wanted, Becca began to rock her hips forward and back, focusing her movement on creating pleasurable friction. She closed her eyes, losing herself in the euphoric sensations filtering into her body. Becca raised her hands to her chest, crushing her breasts to her ribcage, then rolling her nipples in her fingers, pulling on them; releasing them and repeating it. She looked over at me as she rose and fell on Carl's cock, smiling as she continued to fuck him, breathing hard and deep. Carl slowly developed a rhythm, thrusting up into her in concert with her movements. I slowed the movement of my hand as I continued stroking my cock, which had begun to ooze precum... she didn't want me to cum for some reason, but she was making it difficult with the erotic sensuality of the display I was watching.
Becca groaned, the guttural sound rising from deep within her. She released her breasts, moving her hands down to brace herself on the bed as she altered the angle of her thrusts, causing them to pause momentarily to reestablish their rhythm. I heard Carl mutter something, but couldn't tell what he said. I had no difficulty hearing Becca, however.
"That's it, baby, fuck me with your hard cock... I'm almost there, baby... I can feel it cumming...," she said between breaths. "Yeah... fuck me... oh, I'm gonna cum all over you..."
Becca began raising herself with urgency, thrusting down with more forcefulness.
"Oh, I'm gonna cum... fuck me, baby... I'm starting to cum... Oh... Oh... fill me with your cock... Oh... I'm cumming... Oh, God... I'm cumming... Oh..."
Becca's movements became irregular as her orgasm hit. Carl grasped her hips, thrusting up into her forcefully, burying his cock in her. Becca pushed back against him as he took her deep. She fucked him through her orgasm, continuing to cry out as the euphoria consumed her. Carl suddenly moaned sharply and his thrusts became fitful as he began to spew his seed into her. The two of them continued to move together, slowing; Carl pumping the remnants of his semen into his wife's womb and Becca drawing it out of him. After a few minutes, as they struggled to regain their breathing, Becca pulled her legs from under her and looked over at me, smiling as she lay back against Carl, his arms enveloping her in an embrace; hands covering her breasts. They lay there for a few moments and then Becca rolled over, straddling him. They caressed and held each other, kissing, reveling in the afterglow of their lovemaking.
I sat there, unable to move for a moment, caught up in the final, full realization that I had, in fact, watched my friends making love... and that Becca had apparently taken pleasure in watching me stroke myself while I witnessed her riding her husband to orgasm. My cock absolutely throbbed, my balls aching, demanding relief. When her body blocked me from Carl's view, I slowly got up to make my way quietly back to my room, my swollen penis bobbing in front of me.
I was nearly back to my room when I heard someone behind me. I turned to see Becca stopping a couple of steps away from me; she had trotted down the hall in an attempt to catch up with me. Her hair was disheveled and her breasts still rose and fell with her deep breathing, nipples red and swollen but flattened from her orgasm. We stared at each other for a moment, then she stepped forward, putting one hand around my neck to kiss me and taking hold of my cock with the other. I placed my hands on her hips and pulled her to me gently as we kissed. The precum from my cock coated the palm of her hand and she rubbed my cock, spreading it on me. We released our kiss, looking at each other in silence.
Becca released my cock and took my hand, turning to head to the living room.
"What...,"
She turned to me, covering my mouth with her extended fingers. "Don't talk," she said.
We walked into the living room, and she directed me to sit in the chair. She knelt in front of me, taking my cock in her hand, slowly stroking me.
"Did you enjoy watching us?" she asked. I nodded and she smiled. "I liked doing it with you watching... I liked seeing you stroking your hard cock." She continued to pump my cock as her other hand cupped my balls. She looked down at my throbbing erection, and then looked up at me. "You're really hard; your balls feel full," she said, smiling at me. I nodded, breathing deeply. "Are you ready to cum?" she asked me. I nodded again.
"I'm going to suck you off," she said, my cock filling her hand as she stroked it with purpose. "I'm going to swallow your cock and fuck you with my mouth, and I want you to cum. I want you to cum in my mouth. Don't fight it when you're ready, just let it go... fill my mouth and let me drink you."
I nodded. "I don't think it'll take much," I said.
Becca smiled. "I don't care," she said. "I just want to make you cum in my mouth. That's the only thing that concerns me right now. Give me your cock, baby, give me your cock and cum in my mouth."
She lowered her head and took my cock into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the tip of my cock, gently licking the under side of it. Her tongue ran through the slit in the head of my cock, licking the precum oozing our from me.
"You taste sweet," she said.
I just smiled at her as my pulse began to race and my balls began to contract.
My cock disappeared in her mouth and she began to move up and down, her mouth a pocket for my cock, hugging it; her tongue a bed of friction that rubbed my cock with each of her movements. I reached down and swept her hair back from her face.
Becca lifted her head and looked up at me, smiling as her hand held my cock, wet with her saliva. "I can taste you," she said. "You're oozing out onto my tongue, and I can feel your balls getting ready to release. Give it to me, baby... shoot your cum in my mouth."
She sucked my cock in again and picked up right where she'd left off. I couldn't hold out much longer; I could feel my orgasm building.
"Suck me... suck my cock... yeah... Oh, that feels good... I'm getting really close to cumming, Becca... I'm gonna shoot my cum into your mouth, just like you want..."
I don't know what she did, but she changed how she was doing something, and suddenly, I could feel the rush of my orgasm approaching... and there was no holding it back. She and I both felt it start before the first shot of my cum hit her tongue, so she was ready when I started. I arched my back and gripped the arms of the chair as my sperm flowed out of my cock into her mouth in violent, short spurts. And then I lost it as Becca began sucking in earnest, determined to drain me. She succeeded not only in draining me, but prolonged my orgasm beyond anything I'd ever felt before. She continued pleasuring me for several moments, and then released my cock. I fought for my breath as the pleasure slowly began to fade. Becca remained on her knees, milking my cock, licking up the last of my seed as it leaked from the tip of my rapidly softening phallus.
I was wiped out; sure that I could not stand, much less walk to my room at the moment.
Becca finally released her hold on my cock and rose up on her knees, bringing her face near mine.
"You gonna live?" she asked, with a smile that indicated she knew exactly the effect she'd had on me.
'I think so," I replied, gazing at her. "Just let me sit here for a few minutes... I'll be fine."
"Okay," she nodded, leaning forward and to the side to kiss me on the cheek.
I took her face in my hands and pulled her lips to mine.
"You're all over the inside of my mouth," she said. "You sure you want to kiss me now?"
"Yes," I said, planting my lips on hers, pushing my tongue inside her open mouth. I could taste my semen on her tongue, and for a moment, regretted that we had not shared it together. Perhaps another time, I thought to myself.
"It's a shame you won't be hard for a while," she said. "I could very easily be persuaded to fuck again."
"Soon," I said, as she stood up, our hands breaking contact.
We said goodnight to one another, and I turned to watch her walk to bed. For a moment, I thought I saw another shadow in the hallway, but figured it must have been my imagination.
When I finally got up to go to my room, all of the lights in their end of the house were out. I paused for a moment, though, to listen carefully.
Carl and Becca had not settled down yet, and were going at it again. I left them to their passion, went to my room, and passed out, a very sated man.