Special mention and thanks, as has been the case in all the latest stories to Rotorhead450 for his advice and tidy-up.
Chapter 6
It was frustrating to see Akari go home each evening, like a student. I wished we could get past it. I think Akari got a thrill that I was a teacher, but for me, being with Akari was never about any school-kid fantasy. I was happy to be past the days when she went to school with no underwear, knowing she would be over to take her uniform off for me after class. That life was fraught with danger. I was, however, entirely obsessed with her fresh, gorgeous and delicious young body. If you saw the videos of her moving about my apartment, smiling and naked, you would agree entirely. I asked Akari if she thought we could come clean with her parents, and be up-front that she was staying at my place?
"Not yet," was Akari's simple response. But when? She was an adult, right? Yuki agreed to be her excuse for us to take a weekend away, as I predicted, but what after that? We couldn't rely on Yuki forever.
Without a lot of money to spend, we kept our first weekend away simple. We wanted to go to an onsen, but the only places with 'family' co-ed baths were expensive inns. Any public mixed onsen were outdoors and too far to drive for a weekend. Instead, we found a seaside cottage in Awaji through AirBnB, ordering a Japanese style home all to ourselves. I'd not been to Awaji before. We went down Friday afternoon, it took less than ninety minutes, we had a good run. Akari took her pants off in the car. I tried to get her top off too but she was too giggly and skittish with all the traffic around us. It wasn't quite dark enough. She gave me a blow job, though, happy to suck my cock as I drove over the entire Akashi Kaikyo Bridge. There was a self check-in at our cottage so I wouldn't let her put her pants back on as we took our gear out of the car and made our way back and forth.
"It's freezing cold!" Akari squealed.
"Stand over there, in the snow," I asked. Akari was standing in just boots and a short blue sweater. There was just enough light to get a decent photo of her bare snatch in the winter outdoors. There was also just enough light for the two guys on bicycles behind her to actually stop and double-check that they could see what they thought they could see.
"Turn around?" I grinned. "Let me take a shot of your ass!"
Akari turned to see two guys about ten yards away across a small drainage channel. One of the guys nearly fell off his bike to see her shaved slit.
"Sumimasen, gomennasai," she calmly apologized, bowing and turning to walk as carefully as she could without slipping. Inside the house, we both had the courage to laugh about it.
"Oh my god," Akari grinned, shaking her head. "What must they think of me!"
I grabbed her ass, it was ice-cold. I sat her on a cushion and let her use my coat as a blanket for her legs until I could get the heater working. There were some small electric ones for quick and close relief, and a huge hearth which was set and ready to light. After thirty minutes of burning, we opened doors to other rooms and the hall, it was so hot. It was fun watching Akari's excitement at being naked and being fucked in a new and different place.
"We should make a map with a dot in all the towns we had sex," Akari smiled.
"I'm up for that. And lots of dots!"
"Tomorrow let's go to lots of towns," she grinned cheekily.
"Okay," I nodded in complete agreement. "By 'sex' do you mean a blowjob or fingering counts?"
"No!" she squealed happily, humping my cock. "You have to do this. Only fucking!"
"Okay," I smiled back. That would make for an interesting day.
We went out to dinner, finding a small but bustling izakaya within a short walk in the cold. Izakaya are great, they have hundreds of things on the menu and big huge beers and ceramic bottles of hot sake. Not driving, I made the most of both! Akari was wearing a short winter dress with thick thigh-high stockings and long boots. She looked great, but she regretted not wearing panties.
"I'm leaking your cum," she fretted. "It's all on the seat."
I gave her tissues to sit on, laughing as a huge burst of wet air noisily blew out of her vagina.
"This is so embarrassing," she said, blushing as the young woman next to us whispered to her boyfriend, grinning at Akari's expense. "Does this happen to all girls?"
"I guess. Ask her," I suggested, nodding at the girl along the counter from her who was still watching and whispering.
"No!"
Akari wasn't very good at drinking. I made her have beer and sake, it was better she got used to that, rather than girly drinks like chuhai or shochu. It made for a sleepy night back at our house, though. I was fucking her from behind and she literally passed out, it was hilarious.
It was genuinely cold sleeping naked; I was afraid to let the hearth fire burn all night and electric heaters are dangerous on tatami if they fall. I put us in a warm and soft sweater each, but left our pants off. It was a nice way to sleep, legs entangled to keep warm. It also made it easy to stick my morning wood straight up her when we woke.
"I like we're together when I wake up," Akari said lovingly as my cock struck deep in her from behind. We were on our side, my arms around her, tightly hugging.
"We have to tell your parents. You have to be honest about staying with me. They know you are fucking someone; it shouldn't be a huge shock. They might be relieved it's a boy."
"Okay," Akari smiled, wriggling her hips back onto the cock up her. "But I better say you're the second person I've been to bed with. They will find out you're a teacher. They can't know you were fucking me while I was a student."
"I agree entirely!"
We stayed in the warmth of the quilt and each other for as long as we could bear, but eventually the call of the bathroom won out. I dressed and walked to the Lawson nearby for delicious breakfast goodies. Then we set off on our mission!
The town we stayed had an amusement park that I thought we might go, but Akari's idea for the day changed my plan. Drive to a new town, fuck, drive to a new town and fuck again. And then repeat. And repeat. And repeat.
I have to say it was fun. It helped that it was Akari's idea, rather than something forced on her by me (e.g. having lesbian sex with her cousin). She was completely into it. The first town south of ours was Sumoto. We did it in the car, in the front passenger seat. To qualify we said my cock needed to be in her cunt for at least nine minutes, emulating the old phrase 'nine minutes of pleasure for nine months of pain' which was my only benchmark for what qualified as a proper fuck. But for the next town, Akari said we couldn't do it in the car - it had to be different everywhere, that way we would better remember each town individually.
"You're good at this," I nodded.
"Come on," she said, "In that bus shelter. No way will any bus come in the next nine minutes."
Akari was wearing the same warm winter dress and thigh-high stockings as the night before, again with no underwear. It meant we could just hike it up and get easy access. The only time we took the dress completely off was in the car for the first fuck, and in the stairwell of a decrepit old shopping center in Komatsu-shima, across the second bridge and onto Shikoku Island. That was a long, cold nine minutes for Akari; she was glad to finish.
In no particular order, these towns became the first pins in our map, besides our home town of Sanda:
Tokushima - wheelchair toilet in Central Park
Naruto - behind highway-stop shops
Awa - doorway in an alley behind city hall
Anan - quiet part of the port, leaning over car bonnet (nice and warm for Akari)
Sumoto - in the car
Komatsushima - shopping center stairwell
Minamiawaji - in the bus shelter
Yoshinogawa - under the bridge near the Athletic Park
Mima - in a storeroom in the local hospital
That last one was hilarious. I am amazed at some of the places you can just walk into with nobody checking, but at the time we were both so cold we really wanted somewhere inside and warm. By the time we drove back to our cottage it was dark. If we'd had any food with us, we would have happily crawled into our toasty warm futon and slept early. Instead, we walked through drizzling rain to the same izakaya. It was close and the weather too miserable to go exploring further. I'd cum in Akari a couple of times during the day, but she was finished leaking by the time we ate, which made Akari feel more relaxed. I drank a lot, trying to get Akari to keep up. We were in the mood for sure, half a dozen guys had seen Akari's shaved pussy before we left. Some of the guys invited us to a karaoke 'snack' bar afterward. We went, but not for long. They were trying to get me to drink and pass out so they could take a piece of Akari. Eventually I saw they had her totally naked in one of the booths, they had been taking turns sucking her breasts and playing with her snatch. I managed to get myself together enough to re-claim her before she got more than just fingers in her cunt. I had no issue with other guys putting their cock in my girlfriend, but it would be on our terms, not an ambush like that. To their credit, though, once the guys saw we were determined to leave, they eventually gave Akari's clothes back and wished us well without a hassle. It was nice. We were lucky, but Japan is mostly full of good people.
We were meant to self check-out by ten the next morning. We were lucky the cleaner didn't arrive until eleven. We only just got out before then; if he had rolled in at ten, he would have got an eyeful of a half-naked sleeping couple.
Yawning, we found a pancake brunch place.
"What towns shall we do on the way home?" Akari asked sleepily.
"Ha! You still wanna do that?"
"Yeah, sure," she grinned.
"How many guys you think fingered you last night?" I asked seriously.
"I don't know. You left me with them."
"Hey, I was sat at the bar. You left me to go and undress in that booth."
"It was lucky you came over right then. They were passing condoms to each other."
"I know, they tried to get me drunk. We better be more careful in public. We were lucky they didn't hide your clothes for longer. I don't mind if five guys fuck you, but only if they're our friends. Or we choose them, you know?"
"Hmm," Akari replied, it had been a close call. "Which towns?"
I laughed at how easily she pulled us back on that topic. I pulled out my map.
"Akashi, Kobe, Miki, Yokawa, Then home to Sanda," I said.
"Is Yokawa a proper town?" Akari asked.
"It is now," I grinned.
We were back at my place by four, having stopped in four places to fuck. We got seriously caught by a couple of lads in the hills by a temple in Miki. We were coming up toward seven minutes into the fuck, it seemed a waste to stop. So those guys got two minutes of free voyeurism. I pulled Akari's dress up and off. It was cold as all hell, but they were videoing us, better to give them a proper show, right? I have to say, there are times when two minutes is a really long time. As soon as the nine-minute alarm went on my phone Akari bolted naked down the slope to the warm car, leaving me to pick up our pieces and follow.
"You're lucky I didn't lock the car," I said getting in a few minutes later.
"Engine, heater, quick!"
We stayed at my place for a light dinner, then I reluctantly drove her home by nine. After two nights together, rather than having had my fill of Akari, I was addicted to her being around. It was miserable to let her go.
"I'll tell my parents soon, I promise," Akari told me, just as miserable not to be staying at 'our' place as she called it. At least I had her number, so I knew in advance whether she would be over the next day.
Chapter 7
The times Akari stayed at her parent's' home I made an effort to keep connected with my own friends, getting to the Reggae Bar, or into Kobe or Osaka. It was far more relaxing to have a girlfriend, even when I went out by myself. It was a relief not to be on the pickup, or on the lookout. I didn't need to read the signals, talk in code, make a play, know when to go or stay. It was nice to talk with girls, and just talk. Of course, ironically that made me exponentially more appealing to them. A couple of times, particularly in Kobe, it took all of my effort to stop at the point of having a girl's breasts in my mouth. I did stop, though. I didn't want the smell of pussy on me unless I was with Akari.
"Amazing," my buddies would say when I let a 'sure-thing' return to the dance floor. "You're too young to be in love, man!"
"I'm not in love," I lied. Truth was, I was in deep. No one knows how far down the hole love goes, or for how long. I wasn't so naive to think Akari was my one-and-only love forever. Anything could change, instantly. She could meet a Japanese boy on a train who plays in a garage band, or a B-mer driving commercial property agent, or even one of Yuki's girlfriends for all I knew. Akari was a more likely flight risk than me. And so she should be. Eighteen is too young to be stuck, especially with a teacher (of any kind, let alone one your friends had).
In the meantime though, the times she spent at my apartment were the most wonderful I'd known. Beautiful. Young. Naked. Progressively confident and sexual. What was strange became normal, what was impossible became desirable. We tried everything three times, then Akari decided; in or out.
'Out' was ass-fucking, supermarket vegetables, the 'warm' type sex gel and watching porn together. We had three, proper intensive goes at each of those, but Akari was certain that if it never happened again, she was fine. Even our own porn, Akari wouldn't watch. She had no issue that I posted videos of our sex online ("There are a million girls on the internet, who cares about one more?"), she just didn't want to watch it.
Everything else was either cleared for use, or at stage 1 or 2 trial, or untried. We had a list to work through that would take years to finish.
"I can see now how pharmaceutical trials take so long," I said as we laid naked in my bed and discussed the possibilities.
"Huh?"
"They're all banked up in a queue. Even if one trial doesn't take long, there are so many to go through."
"I don't get it," Akari said, shuffling down under the covers to suck my cock. Swallowing ejaculate had fortunately passed with approval.
"Don't worry, baby, just... do what you are doing."
When Akari was back on solid ground emotionally, we took an overnight trip up to visit Leroy. He'd been pestering me to come to his town, I said we'd come overnight on a Friday. I told Akari the 3P trial needed three different partners, so Leroy didn't count as twice. Akari shrugged and came anyway, coughing up her pussy as much as we two could get hard for it. We turn turns more than we double-teamed her, but whatever was offered, Akari obliged. We two nailed that young woman senseless.
"Definitely better this time," she said on the long drive back. We brought her rabbit vibrator; Akari had her pants off fucking herself as we moved along through winding hills and traffic.
"Yeah? Why's that?"
"Not too scary. I knew what to expect. Could enjoy his cock more."
"It's big, right? I'm surprised you can take it all."
"I do feel bigger down there after we see him. This toy fits easier."
"It's good?" I asked.
"Hmmm. His cock feels good. Amazing. I don't really like Leroy, though."
"Why?" I asked, not entirely disappointed given his 'natural' advantage over me.
"He just wants to fuck. Kind of slam, always. Rough. I think he likes that his cock hurts me from being big. Once my pussy stretched and it didn't hurt me anymore, I think he lost interest. It's like by the time I wanted it more rough, he stopped being rough. Does it make sense?"
"Yeah," I said. It didn't, but it helped me to agree.
"Yuki's not pregnant," she said out of the blue.
"Really?"
"She had her period since meeting you."
"That's good, and bad. I know she wants to be pregnant, but nice to know it wouldn't have been mine."
"I guess. She keeps saying if I want to use her as the excuse for where I stay, I better sometimes come and actually stay."
"Yeah? You worry? She wants to have sex again?"
"She wants."
"I could come with you."
Akari shook her head. "No, better I go. Get it over with. Less messy if you are not there."
"Surely she can't fuck you when her husband is there?"
"He's late like my parents every day. She can have all the day to do me."
"How can I help?"
"After the sex with her, let me come back to your place to wash it off."
"Of course, baby!"
We were quiet for a time, the only noise that of the vibrator rolling around deep inside Akari's vagina.
"We need to find you a girl to 3P who's not your cousin."
"It would be better," Akari agreed. "I think it's better you don't fuck Yuki. You are not good at using condoms."
"It's true."
After Akari's marathon spit-roasting and pummeling with Leroy and I, we had the night at my place to regain our balance as a couple. It was well planned. By the time she went home Sunday evening we were ourselves, a happy, loving couple.
As the back end of winter spat out its final snowfalls, Akari still dared not tell her parents about us. She was able to come and go freely without interrogation as long as she was home in bed each night, so we were able to conduct ourselves seventy-five percent as a self-determined couple. We were at my place one early afternoon, Akari on top kissing passionately and lovingly, fucking my cock when her phone rang. She loved talking on the phone with my erection in her, it appealed to her sense of naughtiness.
"It's my classmate from swimming school, Tomoko, she wants to come over."
"Who?"
"In summer I go to a six-week swimming camp, Tomoko and I have been going there together for years."
"Yeah? If she is coming here, fine," I shrugged. "When?"
"Now."
"Now?" I frowned. I was enjoying the way Akari was moving on me; I wasn't keen to stop.
"She's at the station," Akari said, looking happy to have a visitor.
"We have to go get her?"
"Come on. Please? She doesn't come to Sanda often since swimming finished."
"Where does she live?" I asked, but didn't get an answer. Akari unsheathed me with a plop. She sat in an unladylike manner to put on her socks; legs open, cunt lips separated wide. Her hole was still stretched open from fucking.
"Okay, we're going," I sighed, getting up. "You're only going to wear that?"
I was stunned to see Akari put her thick coat over her naked body.
"It's all we need. Come on, you need shoes, though."
I laughed and shook my head. "Is this... are we going to have a 3P?"
"Not like yours," Akari said, scrambling us out the door.
"Like what, then?"
"Tomoko just wants to watch."
"She wants to watch?" I clarified.
"Tomoko is a virgin. Super shy about her body. I told her how much I've changed since I met you. I said she should come see."
"See what?"
"Us at home."
I loved the way Akari called my place 'home'. It made me feel closer to her, a stronger sense that we belonged together. I didn't just love Akari for sex, I loved the person she was. Being so fuckable was a welcome bonus, though.
"At home? You're never dressed when you're here," we continued the conversation on the short drive.
"That's my point. All of us girls at school were shy. No way would we let boys see us. We were too embarrassed to even show our bra strap in case some boy or teacher saw. But now I feel much different."
"Like showing your cunt to those guys on the bikes in Shikoku?" I grinned.
"Exactly."
"Or your blowjob videos on the internet?"
"Okay, better not tell her that one... Anyway, Tomo wants to come over to watch."
"Watch what, exactly?" I asked, wondering what the parameters of these girls' plan was.
"Just us."
"Us? Fucking?"
"Not straight away! That would be overwhelming. Just... having a tea, listen to music, play a card game, what we normally do."
"Normally you have cock in you."
"Not all the time!"
"Well, even if you're not fucking, you're naked. Are we supposed to sit around naked with her there?"
"Of course. That is the point. She can see what a proper life with a good man is."
"It's going to be weird, us naked with a fully dressed visitor, no?"
"She can take her top off, I think."
"You talked with her about that?"
"No," Akari said, "But she can take her top off with a girl, I think."
"I'll be there, too," I pointed out.
"So you go into the bedroom until she's comfortable?"
"This is a strange thing you girls are doing," I frowned, trying to think how this could end in anything other than an awkward day.
"Just don't touch her. Not on her first visit. I didn't tell her yet we have sex with other people together."
I smiled. 3P hadn't officially passed through the 'trial' period yet, but I had a strong suspicion Akari was getting used to the idea of having group sex. Even the few times her cousin Yuki had got her into bed as a lesbian couple, Akari was less and less distraught when she came to my place afterward to clean the pussy juice from her face. Weird had become normal, then enjoyable, on its way to addictive.
"Let me go over to the gate, I'm not sure on which side she is planning to come today," Akari said opening the door. I watched her walk across to the station entrance. To any observer she was just another regular person walking along. No one knew that underneath her coat she was entirely naked, and picking up a girlfriend to come back home and let the girlfriend watch her fuck her boyfriend. It made me look at the other people walking around. What was going on in their life that we didn't know about? No way was Akari the only person in that big group of people to have something weird going on. There had to be others; what strange secrets did each of them hold? I wished I could read minds; it must be amazing what you would find.
Akari waited for a long time, she must have been freezing under that coat, especially her legs. When Tomoko came out, Akari waved but interestingly when they got close, they both bowed instead of hugging. Akari pointed to me waiting in the no-parking zone. This time Akari climbed into the back seat, putting the guest in the more comfortable front. She took her coat off, sitting down low as she could in the back. Both the girls were squealing childishly about her daring at coming outside naked.
"Oh my god! What happened to your hair?" Tomoko screamed.
"All shaved off. He did it to me," Akari pointed at me.
"Actually, technically that's not true. I asked her to do it, but she actually did it herself. Didn't trust I wouldn't cut her pussy. Hi. I'm Will, by the way."
"Hajimemashite. Suzuki Tomoko desu. Nice to meet you."
Tomoko looked like Haruka Sanada, but without the orange porn-star hair. Tomoko's hair was untouched by color or perm, it was long, jet black and had a slight natural wave. She was a little bit taller and fuller than Akari. Rather than being a small gorgeous thing like my girlfriend, Tomoko was more elegant and reserved. Her coat was Burberry, her long tan boots were Pixie D. Her bag was Coach, but interestingly she wore almost no makeup. Tomoko looked to be at the very beginning of her adult makeover. Perhaps the branded goods were her mother's, or an older sister's?
The girls spoke rapidly in Japanese all the way back. Tomoko was nervous to talk with me directly. Akari held her breasts up and rubbed her hickeys, it seemed a part of all the questions Tomoko had for her. She would look at me, as if sizing me up, but not dare say anything.
"I need to put my coat back on," Akari said once I'd stopped in my apartment car park. "Cover the door in case people see. We don't want to get Will in trouble with our neighbors."
I laughed. The way she screamed out loud when she was being fucked, I don't think any of my neighbors thought Akari was visiting for platonic reasons. At the apartment Tomoko waited politely near the entrance while Akari and I moved inside. We didn't take our coats off straight away, but we did open them, leaving both of us exposed at the front. Tomoko found it difficult to look me in the eye, or in the cock. I wondered if she had ever seen a live one before. I guessed not.
"Sorry, come in, come in. We were fucking when you called," Akari said. Was she trying to show off? I hoped not. "Let me take the coat."
Akari took Tomoko's Burberry jacket and said nice things about it as she hung it on a coat stand just round the corner in the small room I used for dining. Underneath Tomoko had a gorgeous Burberry dress, too.
"Wow, you look great," I said instinctively. "That's a lovely dress."
Tomoko nodded thank you. Akari took her own coat off and hung it, before taking mine last. It was as strange as I thought it would be, us two entirely undressed, and Tomoko nervously standing in such beautiful clothes.
"Sorry," Akari grinned. "I never wear clothes at home, not this one. We keep the heater high."
"It is warm in here," Tomoko agreed.
To make her feel less strange, I sat down at the small kitchen table on the hidden side. I left Akari to do the hosting, getting tea and biscuits.
"I brought this," Tomoko said, pulling a bottle from her bag.
"What's that?" I asked, genuinely curious.
"From Okinawa," Tomoko said, passing it to me. "I said I was coming to see Akari's family, my mother said to give them this. Her family is from Okinawa."
"Cor Cor Rum. Wow, wow, this is interesting. Is it rare, expensive?"
"I really don't know."
"Can I open it, or are you saving it for Akari's family?"
"You can open it. I don't think I'm really going to meet your family am I Akari?"
Akari shook her head.
"But at home, my mother puts it with Coca-Cola. It was too heavy to carry some, so maybe if there is a vending machine nearby?"
"There is," I said, opening and sniffing it. "Wow, that smells great. Akari can you get a glass?"
Tomoko seemed as surprised as Akari first was when she took the glass out of the refrigerator instead of the cupboard. I had a sip. Ooh, nice.
"I can drink it like this, but you girls best get some Coke, I agree."
Akari put her coat back on and took 'our' coin box, opening the front door.
"I'll come too," Tomoko said, scrambling her own coat on. I smiled. Fair enough, getting stuck behind with your classmate's naked foreign boyfriend was too terrifying.
I sipped on the rum, checked the heater was a good temperature for being undressed, went to the bathroom, pulled out some snacks and glasses and I searched around for some playing cards to keep us busy. I also put a pop playlist on my speakers instead of one of my regular cool thrash ones, which girls usually complain about.
When they came in Akari took off both their coats and scurried Tomoko straight into 'our' bedroom. For an age I sat sipping rum and playing Patience. Whatever was going on in there took time. Eventually the door slid open and naked Akari pulled Tomoko out by the hand. She was dressed, but only slightly. Tomoko had a short, silken slip top, and matching silk panties. That was all. Her nipples were plainly visible which seemed to be the reason for the delay. Tomoko had wanted to leave her bra under, Akari insisted it came off. Akari won.
"Wow, the dress looked great, but that looks way better!" I cheered Tomoko.
"Hazukashii," Tomoko shuddered, stepping meekly into the kitchen living area.
"Don't be embarrassed, look at Akari, she has nothing on. Get the Coke, let's have some rum and snacks, you'll feel better," I said encouragingly. I poured the rums, Akari helped by pouring the Cokes from cans. I had mine straight and raised for 'kampai '.
"Tomoko, really, don't blush, you've got great tits, nothing to be embarrassed about."
I was telling the truth, Tomoko looked hot as hell in her lingerie. We drank, me forcing the pace. I didn't want the girls drunk, just the awkwardness softened. We played cards, I taught them Switch, which is easy to learn, kind of like Uno for a card pack. We had fun, we relaxed. I kept my cock hidden on the opposite side of the small table to Tomoko, Akari ran around hosting, it was good. Tomoko in every way seemed a normal person. She was clever, quick, emotionally balanced. She was shy, but the rum and Coke helped deal with that.
"Tomoko, what do you want today?"
"Hmm?"
"What do you want? You want to see Akari and I in our daily life? You want to see sex? You want to have sex? What would you like?"
I asked in the most disarming way I could muster. I wasn't pressuring her; I was simply curious as to how we could help. We weren't going to drink and play cards all day, right? What was next? Where should I be steering this?
"I don't know," Tomoko shrugged genuinely. "Just this. Watching you two live together, so calm being undressed. Just seeing it is enough to understand how normal it is for you. Akari said things that were strange are not any more. She said since you got into her pants, she does adult things. I just wanted to see it. It's enough. I didn't mean to disturb your day. I can go."
"No!" Akari and I said in unison.
"You can't go while there is still rum in this bottle," I said calmly. "Come on you two, drink!"
Akari came and sat on my lap for a while. I sucked her breasts for Tomoko to see, putting a hickey next to her nipple before Akari jumped off screaming and giggling.
"That one hurt!" she teased me.
"Don't they all? They're bruises. What you expect?"
"Do you want one?" Akari cheekily asked Tomoko. "Do you want him to put a hickey on yours?"
Tomoko was shocked at the thought. "Really? You wouldn't mind?"
"You want to try?" Akari asked brightly, holding her hand and walking Tomoko over. "Just one."
"Oh god," Tomoko shuddered, standing next to me.
"Will. Don't be too strong. Just a little one." Akari said, excited to be playing around like that. She stood behind Tomoko and lifted her slip up and over her head, leaving Tomoko in just her panties. I wanted to say 'nice tits', but held off, given Tomoko was shivering nervously.
"Where do you want it?" I asked. Tomoko jumped as I reached a hand around to hold her back.
"Anywhere is fine," Tomoko said timidly.
"Near your nipple is okay?"
"Okay," Tomoko blushed.
I had to hold tight as I brought my mouth to her skin. Tomoko instinctively tried to back away, but I managed to use both arms behind her to keep her still. Tomoko held her own arms in the air, not knowing where to put them. I sucked gently at first on her breast and nipple before choosing the spot. As I used more pressure and Tomoko's tit started to bruise, she began groaning. I moved my left hand into her pants and gripped her raw ass tightly as I put all the pressure I could with my mouth on her breast.
"Ah, that hurts," Tomoko whispered, but I wasn't sure if she meant her tit or the grip on her ass. I released both at the same time. Akari scurried her off to the mirror near the bathroom to take a look.
"God, you look hot," Akari beamed. "You look like you've been having sex. Do you like it?"
Tomoko smiled and shook her head at herself. "Amazing. Can't believe it. Looks like you."
"I know," Akari laughed, touching her own hickeys. "I can't remember a time my tits didn't have any."
"I'm happy for you," Tomoko said genuinely.
"Thank you," Akari smiled in return.
We went to the TV room afterward to lay down, Tomoko only wearing her silk panties. Akari and I didn't get too clingy, otherwise Tomoko would feel left out. It was enough that my cock was out on the open now. I sat on the soft floor, leaning on the sofa behind me and both the girls lying at either end, their legs crossing over in the middle. They talked in Japanese and I played around with LA Noire on the PS4, volume down, following the subtitles and vibrations. I kept them drinking at my pace. Interestingly Tomoko held her drink better than Akari, who was talking and laughing loudly.
It got to the point where we needed dinner, so we ordered pizza delivered. Akari tried Tomoko's Burberry dress on to answer the door. It was a little bit big in the shoulders but otherwise looked really good. We tried to watch a Netflix movie as we ate, but neither of the girls were sober enough to concentrate. They ended up dancing and drinking and generally making a raucous noise. Time flew quickly. Just before nine it was decided Akari would be staying at Tomoko's and Tomoko would be staying at Akari's, i.e. both were staying with me. Parents were called, and given both girls were done with high school it was a rubber-stamp 'yes, dear.'
So, we went out. To the Reggae Bar. I'd never taken Akari there, partly because she had always been too young - officially twenty is the age of drinking in Japan, not that the Reggae Bar really cared - but also because it was my space. I had been happy for Akari to take over most parts of my world, but left the Reggae Bar to myself. No more. Akari insisted on wearing the Burberry dress and coat Tomoko came in, relegating Tomoko to one of my sweaters as a dress with a tight pair of stockings from Akari underneath. I made us get a cab, no way was I in a state to drive and it was too cold to walk. We all three got in the back seat, me in the middle, those two talking over me. The mood was sparkling excitement.
The bar was quiet at the start but picked up after ten. The staff knew me and happily fed drinks to my under-twenty company. I was getting quizzed by the 'Master' and girls behind the bar about which one was mine? When I pointed to Akari, they all decided she was from a rich family because of the dress. I didn't have the energy to explain.
The girls danced and attracted some attention from local boys, but they came running back to me by the bar often enough to show they were unavailable. The girls had a freaking great night; screaming, dancing, joking, drinking, requesting songs - none of which were reggae. After it closed, we were the last ones left finishing our drinks. Akari was wasted. She literally said she was hot and undid all the buttons on the dress. The Master happily left the music on and we watched Akari go up to the tiny dance floor and drop the dress off, dancing nude. The girls shook their head, but the Master was ecstatic, as you might imagine, especially with all the hickeys and her shaved slit. He kept praising me for my 'virility'. Tomoko danced too, fully dressed, accentuating Akari's outrageousness.
When we got Akari dressed and into a cab, she was asleep before we got home. Tomoko helped me carry her up our stairs; neither of us were particularly steady on our feet either. I undressed Akari, put her on the toilet for a long wee, then Tomoko and I put her naked into bed.
When Leroy visited and when we visited him, Akari and I slept together and him by himself. With Akari passed out, we couldn't separate the futon mattresses. I was naked in the middle, Tomoko on the other side of me with her slip on and her panties. Both of us were tired as we crawled in, laid down and closed our eyes.
And then we kissed.
I don't know why; I hadn't planned to. We were facing each other and there was enough light from the lamp in the entrance to see that her lips were just in front of mine. I couldn't believe I kissed her. I couldn't believe that she kissed back. Lying on our sides, we fell into a long soft clinch, a wonderful intimate kiss. Her tongue was gently rolling in my mouth. I reached between us and put a hand up her slip, carefully caressing the hickey on her bare tit. I brought Tomoko's hand to my naked erection. She didn't know what to do, so she just held it.
Instinctively I moved carefully and gently. Tomoko was nervous, if I moved quickly, I was afraid I'd ruin the moment. She was drunk, I could taste it on her, but not senseless.
I kissed her face and her ear and her neck before coming back to her mouth. Again, Tomoko gave me her tongue. I moved my hand from breast to breast under her top. Tomoko started to timidly tug on my erection in her hand. Rolling her gently to her back, I lifted her slip, exposing her breasts to the dim light. I shuffled down to suck them again, this time intimately. Tomoko let go of my cock and instead ran her hands through my hair as I gently licked and sucked her tits and nipples.
I pulled upward on the slip.
"Take it off" I told her. Tomoko looked to see Akari was asleep, then gripped her slip with both hands and pulled it up and off. I sensed it was a big moment for her, taking her own clothes off to help a man have a piece of her. Between us we were naked but for Tomoko's silken panties. I crawled back up to kiss her mouth, as sweetly as I could. We lay on our sides again, Tomoko's bare breasts squashing into my skin. I ran my hands all over her bare back as we tongued each other's mouth. Tomoko reached out for my cock and held it again. I swept my hand down her back and into the top of her panties, gently holding her bare ass. I directed her thigh to lift over me. Reaching further down, I touched pubic hair from behind.
"Can I finger you?" I asked into the kiss.
Tomoko stopped kissing and pulled back to stare into my eyes. She looked out of her depth. Her face was pleading with me to guide her sympathetically. I squeezed her ass gently, inside her panties.
"Take off your pants," I told her. Tomoko gasped. A small tear ran down her cheek. She came in and held me tight, her face pressed against my neck. I felt her lips softly kissing me.
"Take off your pants," I whispered again.
"I've never...," Tomoko shuddered.
"I don't care. Give me your cunt. Take them off," I said tugging at her panties. Tomoko let my cock go. She shuffled and pulled her underwear down her legs and off her ankles. It was the first time she had ever taken her pants off for a boy. I lifted her knee to take a good look at her pussy. It had only the lightest cover of hair. When I kissed her mouth, Tomoko was shaking.
"Tomoko, turn around. Come on, let me hold you from behind."
We shuffled her to face away from me and the sleeping Akari. I spooned in behind her, my cock pressed fiercely along her backside and back. I held her tenderly and pulled the futon up and over us so she felt warm. Tomoko's head rested on one arm, my other around gripping her breast gently.
"Is that comfortable?"
"Yes," Tomoko whispered.
"Your body is wonderful to hold. I love that you got naked, it's a nice thing for you to be so easy to undress. Guys will love dating you."
"You are the first one," she said, breathing heavily as I kissed her ear. I swept my free hand over her skin, touching everywhere from her neck to her knees.
"It's nice touching you from top to bottom with nothing in the way. Makes me super hard."
"I can feel it," Tomoko moaned as I kissed her neck. I ran my hand over both breasts then down to feel her pubes. I ran a finger through her slit; Tomoko twitched as I circled and dabbed on her clit.
"You are sopping wet," I whispered at her ear.
"I can tell," she gasped. "It's feels messy there now."
"Your body is ready. Your cunt wants attention. How about you, though, are you ready?"
"I don't know," Tomoko whimpered as I flicked at her clit.
I lifted her knee and shifted my erection between her thighs. I let her legs close on me, then reached around to push my erection hard up against her slippery slit. I began pumping along it, covering my shaft in pussy flaps and slime. I used my hand to keep my cock in place as I sheared back and forth through her slit, and used my cock-head to tease her clit. I managed to get my other hand to turn her head back and kiss her mouth as I teased her vagina.
For the longest time we kissed and rubbed cock and cunt together. Tomoko felt heavenly in my arms. She was way off her reservation, but wasn't stopping me from leading her away.
I'd like to say that not fucking Tomoko that night was from my strength and empathy, that I recognized she was already overwhelmed and it was time to stop. Instead, we both just fell asleep. It was late and we had been drinking for ten hours. I just could not keep my eyes open. Sleep, when it came, did so swiftly.
I was the first to wake in the morning, between two naked girls. I was sore all over, and thirsty. After the toilet, I sat with a bottle of water on the shower floor with the spray on as hot as it went, steam filling the small room. I held my hands to my temples and tried to breathe deep to get rid of my dehydration and hangover. How many times had I sworn I'd never drink again? I fully expected it would take half an hour sitting there to even start to feel refreshed.
I felt the door open rather than heard it. The steam by the floor whisked away. Looking up and squinting, I was happy to see bare legs and pussy. I was surprised that the latter had hair on it.
"Tomoko?"
Tomoko shut the door, squat down, then sat on the floor in front of me, facing me, between my legs.
"Wow, nice hickey," I said whimsically.
"I came in to say thank you."
"Thank me? For what?"
"I think you know. You could have done it. I would have let you. But I wasn't ready. So, thank you for not doing it. I very appreciate."
"It was touch and go," I pretended. "I almost did, it was super difficult not to. You should know you are a complete babe."
"But you didn't. Thank you."
Tomoko put her legs over mine and shuffled close, pussy wide open just in front of my instant boner. Her arms went around my neck and she kissed me lovingly. I put my hands around to her ass and lifted her up to my lap, her cunt lips again squashed against my erection.
"You wouldn't happen to be ready now, would you?" I checked.
"Can I ask you for a favor?" Tomoko responded.
"Of course! Anything."
"When I am ready, will you help me?"
"Tomoko, I would love to be the one to fuck you. Of course."
"Not you," Tomoko laughed. "You belong to Akari."
"I don't get it," I said, confused.
"I want you to introduce me, to one of your friends."
"So they can fuck you?" I asked, not expecting Tomoko would mean that.
"Uh-huh. When I'm ready."
"Ah, sure. Umm, I guess I know some guys," I stuttered. "It can't be me?"
"No," she said, kissing me. "You belong to Akari."
My instinct was to point out the sheer hypocrisy of what she was saying. We were sitting naked in the shower, my cock pushing against her cunt and kissing - and yet, she was saying we cannot have sex because I belong to her girlfriend. It made no sense. But my instincts also told me it was not an argument I would win right then, so best to keep kissing and feeling that beautiful girl up. I would talk with her later about how she might change her mind.
Tomoko and I kissed for a long time; our tongues tangled together. I held her ass and moved her pelvis up and down, rubbing her slit with my cock. My tip touched her hole.
"Just a little bit?" I asked. "A preview?"
Tomoko nodded. "Only a little bit."
I gripped her ass and pushed her down onto my hard-on. My cock-head slipped into her vagina. I picked her body up and down fucking her pussy just an inch. And then two inches. For what seemed like minutes her pussy squelched. Tomoko's kissing went crazy.
"Oh god," she moaned as I pumped a quarter of my cock in and out of her cunt. I moved my mouth from her lips to her tits as I teased the entranceway of her cunt incessantly. Yukiko moaned and squealed as I moved my sucking from one breast to another,
"Oh god!" Tomoko groaned in exasperation. "I give up. Put it in! Please!"
I gripped Tomoko's ass and pulled her hips upward. I took my cock out of her and squashed my shaft safely back against the outside, on her flaps and clit. Tomoko kept humping against it.
"Please. Please. You can do it properly. I'm ready."
"Tomoko, five minutes ago you weren't. You haven't even thought about who you want to do it with. After you leave here, send me a message when you're ready to fuck and I'll see then what you want. I'm happy to do it, you know that, right?"
"Oh, thank you," Tomoko said, kissing. "Thank you so much. I can see how lucky Akari is. I'll send you a message soon, I promise."
"I'll be ready," I smiled, kissing her mouth passionately.
I lifted Tomoko off me and tiptoed wet out of the door to peek into the bedroom, to see how Akari was doing. Completely passed out. It was still only nine in the morning. She might sleep for hours yet, given how drunk she had been.
"We're still in the clear, Akari is super asleep still" I said, getting back into the bathroom. Tomoko held me front on and we kissed and tongued. I put her hand to my cock and she tugged.
"Mmm, that's better than last night," I praised her.
"I'm learning," she grinned.
"Have you been fingered before?" I asked, rubbing and squeezing her ass.
"No."
"You don't do it to yourself?"
"No!"
"Oh. Okay. Sorry. Do you mind? Can I put this up your cunt?" I asked, holding up my middle finger.
"Don't hurt me. Please," was her response.
"Okay, I'll take it slow," I said,
I poured a little drop of body soap on my middle finger and ran it through her flaps from behind, slickening her. I wriggled back and forth, flicking over Tomoko's clit in the process.
"How's that?" I asked.
"New."
"Good?"
"Hmmm," Tomoko groaned. I grinned. Tomoko would have a lot of fun with her cunt over the years. It was nice to be part of the start. I turned her to face the bath. From behind, I sunk my middle finger into her cunt without warning, and watched her gasp. Tomoko's head went back and she yelled loud enough to make me look to the door, expecting Akari might have woken to it.
"You're okay?"
Tomoko nodded fiercely. In return, I fingered fiercely.
"Tomoko. This is a great cunt. You feel amazing."
She wasn't listening. Her head was in a spin. I pulled my finger out and poured body soap over my hand, pushing back in with my middle and fourth fingers. I pushed her top half down and kept my hand square in her back to keep her there. With my working hand, I fucked Tomoko's virgin pussy. She was going loopy; I could see it. When I moved my other hand to between her legs to fiddle her clit as I finger-fucked her, Tomoko lost it. She orgasmed, long and strong. I didn't let up, which kept her cum rolling. Undoubtedly it was a new experience for Tomoko. When I slowed and held deep, and her tremors wound down, she was hyper-ventilating.
Shit. Blood everywhere on my hand. Shit. A lot of it. There went her virginity, to my fingers. I didn't say anything, quickly washing the blood into the pouring shower water and kicking my feet around to hurry it down the drain. Wow.
Tomoko found it hard to straighten back up. After her high, between her legs hurt like hell. She gripped her pussy with one hand and used the other to lean on me.
"Oh my god," she whispered. "What did you do to me?"
"Are you okay?"
Tomoko stood, wrapped both arms around my neck and kissed me like a girl on a high from her first orgasm. I gripped her ass and kissed back. By the time we left the bathroom we'd become wrinkly from steam and water. We dried each other then went and stood over still-sleeping Akari.
"She is beautiful," Tomoko nodded. "And super nice. I can see why you love her."
"I do," I admitted.
"You shouldn't cheat on her with me," Tomoko offered. "Really. I won't let you."
I smiled. "Give me your number. I'll find someone to do it with you."
"Are you sure? I don't want to annoy you, or cause trouble."
"Tomoko. If I can't fuck you, at least let it be one of my friends, okay?"
"Okay, I'd like that," she grinned, "But what do we do now?"
"Back in bed," I smiled. I pulled Tomoko down onto me, kissing and rubbing up against each other. Her cunt was too sensitive to finger again after the blasting in the shower, so I sucked more hickeys onto her tits instead.
"Akari will see!" Tomoko worried.
"Ha! She was so drunk we could say she did it."
I laid Tomoko on her front afterward. I rubbed my hands and cock gently over her body, getting high praise for how good it felt. Akari started to stir, then leapt up to spend time in the toilet peeing and holding her head. Akari and I had not drunk so much alcohol together, so Akari was having another new experience - a blinding hangover. She was no company for us, crawling back into bed and asking for warm water and aspirin. After that she was back asleep.
I fed myself and Tomoko and we fooled around kissing and touching on the sofa. We watched Netflix and touched softly, rather than passionately. I put her underwear in my trophy drawer before she dressed to go home in the afternoon. Tomoko didn't mind. The experience of those twenty-four hours was overwhelmingly above expectation.
Before I drove her to the station, we woke Akari. The two of them got on a quick video to Tomoko's mother to say she was coming home now. Then they got on a video call to Akari's mother to say Akari was staying one more night.
"Futsukayoi!" her mother yelled, accusing her of being hungover. Akari didn't have the will to fight. Whether her mother was upset or not, she was going back to sleep - seemingly at Tomoko's house. Tomoko and I drove to the station. We kissed in the car and I felt her up like we were high school kids.
"You're going to find someone to fuck me, right?" Tomoko checked before leaving the car.
"Yes ma'am," I smiled. "Where do you live?"
"Takarazuka."
"Okay. For your first fuck, you want to be cum inside?"
"I'll get pregnant?"
"Maybe."
"Okay, I don't mind. If the guy likes to do it inside, he can get me pregnant, I can let him."
Tomoko kissed me with tongue in my mouth as I reached in and held her bare breast. It had been an exciting night and day. When she left, I had to drive the long route home to shake her out of my head before returning to my girlfriend. Akari was still in bed, but awake and messaging.
"Tomo is sending her thanks. She says she understands better now how a girl and boy so easily and naturally become physical. She says it is a much easier transition than she expected."
"You two sound like you are writing up an experiment," I grinned, undressing and crawling naked in with my girl. She squealed at how cold my hands and body were. I had to go and warm up near a heater before being let back near her again.
"I'm so sorry you had your sex interrupted yesterday," Akari said nicely. "It's been a whole day I haven't given my cunt to you; you must feel frustrated."
"Hey," I shrugged. "It was a fun time. But yeah, turn over. Put your ass up. I'm gonna fuck you senseless."
"Sure," Akari smiled, turned and presented. Her huge sleep had paid off, she was able to fuck like the bunny she usually did! After fifteen minutes of frantic pumping, I was exhausted.
"Damn you've become good at this," I groaned as I lost my semen into the depths of her cunt.
"Thank you," Akari beamed, always happy that I was happy with her body. "How was Tomoko? I hope she didn't get annoyed with me. I was a bad host this morning."
"She was fine. I looked after her."
"I'm so sorry. You must have been bored."
"Not too bad," I said honestly, "Tomoko loosened up. She took her clothes off; you saw that right?"
"Oh, Really?" Akari said, eyes opening wide in genuine surprise. "She did that?"
"How could you not notice?"
"She was under the quilt!"
"Yeah, but... no straps over her shoulder."
"I wasn't... paying attention to anything. I'm so sorry. That's good she got so relaxed to do that though. Did she let you...?"
"Ha! No, Tomoko is still a virgin. We had a shower together, though. She was okay to be naked together, just not ready to fuck."
"Wow, that's good she went that far. Tomoko was always one of the shiest of all the group."
"Maybe in future she can be our 3P," I said casually.
"Hmmm. Maybe. Don't make me have sex with her though, please. Yuki is already too much."
"Okay," I said, kissing her mouth gently. "You hungry?"
"Very."
Chapter 8
I had a one night to myself before Akari could come over again. I took the chance to give the Reggae Bar some of my time. As I said before, the last thing I needed was to pick up a girl at a bar, and it never used to happen when I wanted it to happen. But that night a gorgeous little thing gave me a lift back home in her car. I would not let her in, lying that my girlfriend was asleep inside. She had her own condoms in her glove box. At the very back corner of the car park at my apartment, I spent an hour in the back of that girl's car. After having only been with rookies like Akari and Tomoko for months, it was amazing to be with a girl that could do what she did with her clothes off. Naked, tiny, enthusiastic and demanding. It took every effort for me to keep up with that small woman's cunt. It was a refreshing change. The Master told me later that he was surprised she hadn't asked for money, he said she must have really liked me!
"She's a prostitute?"
"Sometimes," he laughed, slapping my back, "But seems not always!"
I was glad I'd worn those condoms.
Apart from that one night off track, Akari and I were going better and better. Being with that bar girl was a genuine aberration. Akari was at my place so much that by accident her parents found out about me. It turns out one of my neighbors was complaining to a friend at a hair salon about the "shameless young girl that keeps going to the foreigner's apartment in my block - squealing like a whore, no regard for how much noise her sex makes. Has a ridiculous rainbow painted bicycle that is always stealing my parking spot!"
"What's that matter? You don't have a bicycle, dear," the friend said.
"She doesn't know that! It's my spot!"
The friend, however, had a neighbor's daughter with a strangely colored rainbow bicycle. She would be about the same age. A conversation later, and Akari was being interrogated by her parents on where she went all day every day.
"Fucking," came the answer from Akari, "Giving my pussy to that foreign guy to screw the shit out of."
Okay, that's me giving the short, sweet version of the long drawn-out discussion (lecture) that went on. But essentially that was the summary. Akari was in a physical relationship that still had higher intensity levels to reach. Exasperated, her parents demanded I appear to explain my intentions.
"Fucking," I told them, "Screwing the shit out of Akari's pussy."
Okay, I didn't say that, either. But neither did I back down. I was polite, of course. Akari was Akari. I didn't make her do anything she didn't want to do, nor did I stop her from doing anything she wanted to do. They asked me what I meant, but in the end my Japanese wasn't yet good enough to explain myself. Thankfully the dad liked whiskey, so we two betrayed both our partners by crossing enemy lines and drinking the whole bottle between us.
Akari tried to drag me out of the room we were in; oddly, she said she didn't like me sitting at that low table in the tatami room.
"Why?" her dad and I both said at once. I was going to quickly say 'jinx', but decided there was no point.
"It's where I do my study. With my tutor. I don't want you in that spot."
Both of us looked blank.
"So?"
Akari growled and stomped off, astonished that we two were in common defiance.
"See what we need to put up with," the father grumbled. "Only child."
"She's taken over my place," I sympathized. "Moved all the furniture, shifted the clothes in my drawers."
Her dad gave cheers, then a 'bottoms-up'. I don't really remember getting home that night but when I woke up with a headache and dry throat the next morning, Akari was next to me, the first time she stayed over with her parent's knowledge. As pissed off as she might have been for the way her father and I enjoyed ourselves, it was more than offset by the fact that her father and I enjoyed ourselves. It only took a bottle of whiskey.
"My mother will take longer," Akari warned. I nodded quietly. Akari was naked in my bed sucking my cock, with her parent's knowledge. If that was okay, I didn't need her mother's adoration, too. I'm not greedy.
My classes were seriously winding down as spring approached, March is year-end for year-levels in Japan. My local teacher buddies all had school clubs to run; for them no lessons didn't mean less time at school. Me though, as classes wound down so did I, allowing Akari and I time to roam most days as we pleased.
We had a number of pieces of good news. Akari got into her university of choice in Kobe, a direct trip on the train from my place, which more and more was becoming 'our' place. Even her mother had visited with Akari while I was at work, supposedly to bring some household goods. I suspect she wanted to check how her daughter's man lived. Akari said she went rummaging through our bedroom, finding the sex toys - but instead of disgust, apparently she complained, "Why all guys like to do that to us? Even your father is obsessed with these things."
I burst into uncomfortable laughter. "Oh yuck!!" I squealed to Akari. "Why did you tell me that? How am I ever going to be able to look at your mother the same again?"
Akari just shrugged. I sensed she was relieved that what we were doing was not so weird after all.
"Do you think she... you know, 3P?" I teased.
Akari hit me fiercely. Then kissed me. Then fucked me. Brutally. She was learning how to lose herself to her vagina, to let it take control.
We had other good news, too. Akari told me that her cousin Yuki had finally missed her period, so she was feeling good and positive about the chance that her and her husband would have a baby. And Tomoko had reached out to me saying she was ready to meet a friend of mine, if I could introduce her to one. I would rather have been the guy to deflower her, but there seemed to be no point to push her on the topic.
"Akari, Leroy keeps bugging me to come down and let him fuck you. Do you mind if we pass him off to Tomoko instead?"
"Pfft. She is a virgin, she doesn't want to be fucked by some American guy. He's too big."
"Well, just ask her. You never know, right?"
After bugging Akari, she eventually sent the message to Tomoko and was surprised to hear her say 'yes, sure'. Leroy was ecstatic. I filled him in on my background with her, he said he'd keep it to himself. We arranged for Leroy to meet Tomoko half way between where they both lived, in a rural town called Fukuchiyama. They could both get the train there.
Chapter 9
Tomoko was dressed demurely in a winter skirt with heavy stockings. She had a backpack rather than a handbag so to carry things for an overnight stay. I told her no need to pack pajamas, though! Leroy was clean-shaven and had a haircut. They messaged each other on arrival at the station and met at the north gate entrance. It wasn't difficult for Tomoko to spot Leroy, and she ran up to say hello in a friendly way. Leroy was more nervous than she was, Tomoko politely settling them down by asking about his trip.
They stumbled across Forest Cafe nearby, somewhere clean and functional rather than cozy and romantic. It was to be expected, they were in the middle of nowhere in a town that neither of them had been before.
"You know Will through his girlfriend?" Leroy asked, sitting across the table with a latte.
"Yes," she smiled. "I asked him to find me a friend for me."
"I heard," Leroy smiled.
"I hope you don't mind. I hope you don't think it's too strange of me."
Leroy laughed. "I don't mind, of course! You are very beautiful. It is a first though. I've never met someone on a blind date."
"Am I okay for you?"
"Completely. You look great. Your body as well. It will be nice to see those tits."
"They're not very big," Tomoko said, embarrassed.
"They look great," Leroy assured her.
"Your friend Will said I should let you cum in me, that my first time should be the whole experience. Do you mind?"
"What if you get pregnant?"
"I won't make you be responsible; I promise."
"Okay. If you like," Leroy laughed nervously.
"And Will said you want to fuck me in the ass," Tomoko said, blushing.
That made Leroy laugh. "Did he? Oh, god, I'm so sorry."
"I don't mind, I can try it. Akari has done it with Will."
"I heard. Those two have done a lot together," he nodded.
They chatted some more, getting to know each other as best they could in a short time. They looked online at the choices of where to stay. The business hotels nearby looked unremarkable, so they decided to get a taxi to a Love Hotel. The driver kept looking at them in the rear-view mirror, visualizing what was about to happen to that young woman.
"So if you get pregnant tonight," Leroy asked. "Will you keep it?"
"I don't think so," Tomoko shrugged. "Do you want me to?"
"It's up to you, right?"
Tomoko instinctively held her abdomen. "I never thought my first baby would be from a one-night stand. In a cheap Love Hotel."
Leroy laughed in a friendly way.
"It's the only way to do it," he smiled, reaching out to hold her thigh. Tomoko opened her legs, letting Leroy run his hand up inside her dress. He gripped her pussy through her stockings and panties. "It will be like living a Bruce Springsteen song."
"I don't get it."
"We have time. I'll explain."
The taxi driver found a cluster of three hotels. At night, Love Hotels look interesting with all the gorgeous colorful neon pouring over them. But for Leroy and Tomoko, it was still well and truly bright and sunny. Love Hotels are entirely drab in the natural light of day. Leroy randomly selected the first one the taxi could get in the car park.
There are a lot of articles out there about the quirkiness of Japanese Love Hotels, but Leroy hadn't read any of them. It was all new to him. There were boards in the car park that you could lean against your car to hide the number plate. The entry was staff-less - Tomoko pressed the button on the lit-up board with the picture of the room they liked from those available. Red flashing lights led them up the stairs and along the corridor to the room they chose.
They could push in, but once that door shut behind them there was no coming in and out again; it's a one-time entry scheme. Above the door was a meter like a taxi with the amount of money they owed for the room, ticking up with time. Next to the door was a little hole with a flap board so anything they ordered from room service could be given to them in discretion. They could order food, drinks or sex toys. There were multiple TVs in every direction playing porn movies.
Leroy picked a room with a round bed, mirrored ceilings and, unbelievably, a mechanical bull to ride. They didn't plan for it; it was an entirely unexpected discovery. The saddle had a detachable phallic object which could be interchanged for different sizes of dildo and a sign which Tomoko said 'please be hygienic and use a condom when you use this machine'.
"You could lose your virginity to that thing?" Leroy suggested. Tomoko, bless her, thought him serious, shaking her head.
"So, you like it? This is the room for your first time. What do you think?"
"It's okay," she smiled. Leroy held her and kissed her mouth gently. They lingered like that for a time, gently connected by mouth. Tomoko was good with her tongue.
"You've kissed boys before," he accused her.
"Only kissed," she assured him.
The two of them sat side by side on the sofa in the room looking at the menus. The food looked like it was microwaved, instant cuisine. The drink choices were better. The sex toy options were remarkable. They took their time looking through them all, with Leroy explaining (or guessing) what they were for.
Through an ordering iPad, Tomoko took some snacks and alcohol. At Leroy's direction, she also ordered four soft shackles, a blindfold and a choking scarf as a set. She added a big bottle of sex gel, a razor and set of temporary tattoos. It came quickly, slipped piece by piece through the delivery slot.
"They have this also," Tomoko said nervously, holding up a standing flyer on the side of the bed. "Did you want?"
"What is it?" Leroy asked. "I really don't know many kanji characters outside of train-station names."
"Those cameras on the roof. We can record ourselves if we want to turn it on."
Leroy looked up and laughed. "Holy shit. Yeah, for sure!"
There were two cameras on the opposite corners of the ceiling, both pointing down at the bed. One of the cameras would probably also show the mechanical bull. In the bathroom there was one more camera pointing down at the shower and bath.
"How's it work?" He asked Tomoko to read the instructions.
"I have to ring reception. They turn it on. When we leave, we call again and they will give us a cloud address and code to download the next day. Pay when you download."
"They turn it on? So, they can watch it, too?"
"I guess," Tomoko shrugged.
"Well," Leroy said with a deep breath, "I say yes. You okay if the hotel staff watch you fuck?"
Tomoko didn't answer. Leroy pressed her to make the call. A guy asked her how many cameras she wanted; each one would provide a download. Leroy told her to tell him all of them. The guy on the phone said he would check they were all working and call back to confirm.
"That's interesting," Leroy said, sitting on the sofa. "You wanna get started?"
Tomoko stood near the bed.
"How?" she smiled. "What do I do?"
"Take all your clothes off," he told her. "Let's have a look at you."
Tomoko wasn't sure that's how she expected to start her night together, but she had no better starting point - so she undid the zip on the side of her dress. Leroy sat back with a bottle of Asahi beer and watched as Tomoko nervously lifted her dress over her head and lay it neatly on the side-bench. She still had a long undershirt and thick stockings over her underwear.
"Tomoko, don't be so afraid, you look good," he said nicely.
She smiled bashfully. She took her stockings off next.
"Ooh, nice panties," he nodded. "Turn around. Do a spin?"
With her face turned red, Tomoko spun.
"Slowly," Leroy laughed. "Do it again. Shit, nice thong. Your ass looks great. Did you buy that for tonight?"
Tomoko nodded, covering her face to hide its color.
"Okay, keep going," he asked politely.
Tomoko took her time to take off the long undershirt, a slip, and finally her bra. At last, she had her tits out for him.
"Ooh, they are just as good as I hoped," Leroy said appreciatively. "Come on, show me your cunt."
Tomoko dropped her pants, and passed them to Leroy as asked. He scrunched them up and put them in his pocket. He had her step back and spin again, taking photos on his phone.
"The 'before' shots," Leroy told her jokingly.
The phone rang, Tomoko walked over to answer it. Leroy saw her look up at the cameras. She waved at them as asked.
"Those two are on and working," Tomoko said nervously. "He wants me to go to the bathroom."
"Go ahead."
Tomoko dropped the phone and walked around into the bathroom, waving at the camera in there, then coming back to the phone. She had a conversation that Leroy thought was longer than needed, before eventually hanging up.
"What was all that?" he asked curiously.
"The guy said that if we keep the lights up like we have now, the video will come out better. He said I should face that way if I'm going to fuck on the bed, and that way if I fuck the mechanical bull. And he said usually the shower camera is fine, but will work better if we don't get the room too steamy."
"Okay, fair enough," Leroy nodded.
"When we want the video turned off, I call that guy and he'll stop it and send over the details where to buy it."
"Okay," Leroy nodded. "Now I feel the pressure to perform."
"We can turn it off," Tomoko said. "I don't need a copy."
"Yes you do. You only lose your virginity once. One day you'll like to look back. Or show your future husband."
"You think he will want to see that?" Tomoko asked, surprised.
"He will," Leroy smiled. "Come over. Sit on me. Kiss me."
Fully naked Tomoko came and sat on fully clothed Leroy, face to face, straddling his lap. He held her bare ass and the back of her head, kissing slowly and intimately.
"So... how do you want it?"
"I don't know," Tomoko whispered, blushing again.
"You wanna get it done, then relax, or take our time and fuck you at the end of the night?"
"Hmmm. Better to get it done quick," Tomoko decided, kissing his mouth delicately.
"Okay. Under, over, behind? Any preference?"
Tomoko shook her head.
"Slow, fast, gentle, rough?"
"You can decide," she said, moving her kisses to his neck.
"Do you want to be tied up and blindfolded? Or held tight and kissed?"
"You can decide."
"You want your cunt shaved before or after being fucked?"
"You can decide," Tomoko said again.
"Okay," Leroy said, happy to lead. "Undress me first?"
Tomoko kept kissing and went for his pants, undoing them. She pulled his erection out and gasped.
"Oh my god!"
"What?" Leroy grinned.
"I can't put that in me!" Tomoko squealed, genuinely scared. It took two hands to wrap around the thickness. It was as long as her forearm. "Will didn't tell me..."
"What?"
"I don't think I can do this," Tomoko shuddered.
"Why not?" Leroy laughed at her.
"That can't fit in me. No way. That's nothing like...," Tomoko said, then stopped herself.
"Like Will?" Leroy finished her sentence. "It's okay, he told me you two had a shower together while Akari was asleep."
"Oh god," Tomoko said, burying her face in his neck. "I was hoping Akari didn't know that."
"I don't think she does. He told me not to tell anyone, which I guess meant her, too."
Leroy pulled Tomoko up and kissed her mouth, neck and breasts. He lifted her and his hips to pull his pants clear off, rubbing his erection against her pussy. Tomoko reached down to grip his cock again.
"I can't go through with this," Tomoko said quietly, "I'm so sorry. I cannot get that in me. It's too big. I've wasted your time to make a trip here."
Leroy didn't overreact. He calmly pulled off his top, leaving them both naked. He held her close and kissed her. After a time, their tongues were touching and Tomoko was rubbing her clit on his harness.
"Just doing this is hardly a waste of time. You can do this, right?" Leroy asked gently.
Tomoko nodded.
"Do you know how to suck cock?" Leroy asked, pulling her hand back to his hard-on. Tomoko shook her head. "Wow, you're a virgin both ends?"
Tomoko nodded.
"Gee. If I fuck you in the ass, we can get the set," Leroy said quietly. He reached around to press his middle finger into her ass, testing Tomoko's reaction. She groaned, but let him do it. "Wow, we can still have some sort of fun baby. Shower first. Shave your pussy."
Some girls look better with hair, some better shaved. Tomoko looked better shaved. She had a gorgeous gap between her thighs, you could see her flaps poking down. Her mound stuck up so far that without hair she looked entirely ravishable. Leroy pointed her toward the ceiling camera when he shaved her, and hoped it would come up well on the video.
"I'm going to tie you to the bed," he told her when they were done.
Yukiko looked at Leroy's massive erection worriedly. "Leroy... I'm not sure. What are you going to do to me?"
"Suck you. Stick my fingers in you," he said calmly.
The big circular bed had four short hitching posts about shin-high next to the bed. Leroy tied her face-up using the shackles. The position of the tie-rings had her uncomfortably spread-eagled, both arms and legs. He didn't use the blindfold; he wanted to see her full facial reaction in the video recording.
Once tied up, Leroy left Tomoko to lie like that for a time while he took his own photos and drank the beer they had, ordering some more. He fiddled with the bed controls, not being able to read any of them. He scared the hell out of himself when the circular bed started rotating. For a moment he shit himself, unaware that tie-rings were connected to the bed not the floor. For a horrible second, he thought he had inadvertently put Tomoko on a form of Rack from the Middle Ages. Fortunately, Tomoko didn't realize his worry. Instead, she began giggling at the ridiculousness of it. Leroy filmed her; naked, shaved and spread eagled, rotating slowly in the room.
He let her do a full rotation of the clock before crawling up on to the bed with her. Tomoko lifted her head to reach his lips to kiss him. She wanted badly to be kissed, touched and held. Leroy looked up at the camera, wondering who was watching.
"Me, later," he answered to himself, "So do a good job."
"Huh?" Tomoko said, wondering what he was saying.
"Nothing baby. Mouth first. Let's get a cock in your throat, do that at least."
Leroy went slow at first. He did everything he could to talk her calmly through sucking and licking his shaft until she was comfortable to have it inside her mouth. When he went for her throat, it was more difficult for Tomoko. She tilted her head right back as Leroy asked, letting him come in from above in a 69. Leroy could feel her choking on it. It took forever to get her to relax and 'swallow' the piece of meat without wanting to gag it back up. He was able to fuck in and out of her throat for a little while, until the reject instinct finally overtook her.
"Don't worry," Leroy assured Tomoko, "You'll get more used to it over time."
"It's too fat," Tomoko panted, shaking.
"Only at the beginning. Here, let's try you instead."
Leroy crawled down between her legs. He gave her with a mind-blowing cunt-sucking. He used his lips, tongue and fingers to stretch, twist and devour her pussy. Tomoko had never felt anything like it before; it was an epiphany for the young woman.
"This is why boys and girls have sex," Leroy told her, keeping his fingers deep in her pussy as he kissed her mouth. "What do you think?"
Tomoko was on a different planet. The look in her eye was as much fear as pleasure.
"What did you do to me?" she gasped, her hips flicking involuntarily as Leroy rolled his fingers inside her cunt. He didn't answer, he crawled down to again bury his face in her bare-shaved snatch. Tomoko screamed out wildly. To hear the sounds through the closed door, it wouldn't be strange to think he was murdering her.
After sucking and fingering Tomoko to exhaustion, Leroy stood and liberally gelled up his erection. Tomoko's head was to the side, panting and recovering, her eyes closed as he swiftly crawled onto her body. With her legs tied wide open she couldn't stop him from thrusting fiercely up her cunt.
Tomoko shrieked as if she had been stabbed with a braodsword. Leroy forced in mercilessly, paying no heed to the shock Tomoko was squealing at the top of her lungs. He fucked and humped and pumped. The bed spun slowly as Leroy gave Tomoko the mother of all first fucks, stopping only to occasionally re-gel his cock. It took nearly twenty minutes' battle to fill her, Tomoko screaming out in equal parts of agony and fear the entire time, her insides stretched and membranes torn beyond imagination.
Leroy fucked and humped until Tomoko's rookie cunt was permanently stretched.
"Tomoko," he grunted.
She didn't talk, couldn't talk, Tomoko just looked at him with shocked eyes. The size of the intrusion in her cunt was impossibly beyond expectation or comprehension.
"Time to get pregnant."
Tomoko gasped.
"Oh, baby," Leroy said as his sperm rose from within him, "This is what your cunt is made for!"
A huge spurt saturated her insides, followed by another. Tomoko groaned at the feel of it, throwing her head back at the thought of having a boy orgasming inside of her.
"Shit, Tomoko, you're pregnant," Leroy yelled out as a shiver rode over him; the bigger shots followed by straggler sperm seeping quietly from his hole into hers. Still hard, Leroy held himself fully inside and flicked his cock.
Tomoko wanted to be held and kissed. She wanted to be embraced by the man who just made her first baby. But she couldn't. No matter how she pulled, the restraints held tight. Leroy crawled off her and out of the way to let the cameras film her gaping hole with sperm pouring from it. He got his phone and took close-up photos and video, showing her muck on his cock, then sweeping over to film his muck coming out of her pussy.
He stepped back and sucked on a fresh beer, watching Tomoko spread-eagled and slowly rotating. Air burped from her pussy, there was nothing she could do to stop it, or break free. Tomoko lay her head back and closed her eyes, resigned to her undignified, post-mating bondage.
Leroy finished the beer and opened a new one. He was still half-hard. "You wanna get loose?"
"Please," Tomoko said gently.
"If I let you go, I'll turn you over, and tie you face-down so I can fuck your ass," Leroy said calmly.
Tomoko raised her tired head to look at him.
"Are you okay with that?" he asked.
"It's too big," she said timidly.
"It fit in your cunt. It fit in your throat. It will fit in your ass if I gel up."
Leroy clicked open her arms and legs as each shackle rotated around to him. He held Tomoko's waist and steered her to lie face down. She was too sore and tired to move quickly, but she let herself be faced downward. Leroy re-clasped her limbs. Her legs were spread so wide, there was no way she could resist the cock entering her backside, heavily oiled as it was. Tomoko lifted her head and screamed violently as Leroy forced his entire massive cock up her ass. After all the screaming, Leroy worried someone would come running to help, but nobody did.
"Tomoko, baby, that's all of them," he said, rolling himself around inside her ass. "Throat done, cunt done, ass done. You are no longer a virgin of any kind."
"Oh god, I'm so sore," she said weakly.
"Okay take a break," Leroy said in return. He slowly pulled out of her behind and released Tomoko's bonds. Both of them stank of ass, so Leroy dragged them in to wash and rest, sitting on the floor of the shower as the water poured over them. Tomoko held Leroy tightly, cuddled in close like a child might hug an oversized teddy bear.
"How's your body?" I asked.
"Changed," Tomoko replied.
"And your spirits?"
"Changed, too."
"Feel good?" Leroy asked, concerned it was all too much at once.
"I can't believe it all went in," Tomoko said. "It stings so badly."
"Which one, where?"
"My ass. And my cunt."
"I could feel you breaking open. It's good. You'll be able to take any guy you want from now on, you should be nice and big down there now."
Tomoko held Leroy tight and kissed his mouth.
"Will you be upset if I keep the baby?" she asked.
"It's up to you. The man doesn't get a say, right? I don't think I'd be around, though. Are you okay to be a single mom?"
"I think so. My mother would help me."
"Wouldn't you rather fuck more guys before having a baby," Leroy asked as she kissed him. "Put more cocks in there before a baby pushes out?"
"Yes. I guess that's true, too."
"If you aren't pregnant this time, maybe you should go on the pill? Akari is."
"Doctor wants to know you are married or have a boyfriend to give that."
"Tell them I'm your boyfriend," Leroy laughed.
"Do you mind?"
"Not at all! Come on, after giving me all this? Anything I can do for you will be welcome."
"Thank you," Tomoko said, kissing. "If I'm not pregnant already."
"Well, you are still gonna get more cum before we leave here."
"Not tonight. Please. I feel broken down there," she begged. "Can I have some rest first?"
"You may."
It was an interesting night. Tomoko got perfectly drunk, although not so much to let his cock back in anywhere but her mouth, it was too big to take again. Leroy tattooed her breasts, ass and pussy mound with filthy pictures and messages from the temporary tattoo pack. They tried the bull, but it was a bit of a joke. It rolled around too gently, they couldn't seem to turn up the speed. Leroy talked Tomoko into letting the dildo from the seat into her cunt, but she wasn't fucking it as such, just sitting with it inside her as the bull rolled slowly around. The novelty wore off quickly after a few short turns and videos.
The dinner they had delivered was awful, but it didn't matter. The drinks were just fine, and the two of them were getting on well considering they were total strangers. When they slept, they forgot to ring the guy to stop the recording - which meant the cameras were still rolling when Leroy fucked a screaming, squealing Tomoko for the second time in the morning.
"I thought you would be more stretched than this after last night," Leroy grunted, pushing forcefully to get his entire erection into the tiny cunt under him.
"It's better, though," Tomoko grimaced. "Last night I felt I was being ripped. The pain now isn't as sharp."
"But it hurts?"
Tomoko nodded. "It's too big. When it all goes in, it hurts up the top, like it's stabbing something inside there."
"Well, we need to get you more used to it," was Leroy's response, followed by a brutal fucking. Tomoko wasn't tied up that time, so she was thrown around to all positions as Leroy nailed her with well-slept energy. When he held her hips and pumped furiously at her from behind, Tomoko said for the first time, "Oh, Like that... is okay."
"Hmm, you're a doggy girl, huh? Okay, let's see how rough you can take it."
Tomoko still squealed and screamed as before, but it wasn't entirely in pain. A little bit of 'wow' was creeping into Tomoko's brain, a little bit of shiver up her spine, a little bit of appreciation of cock was developing in her vagina. When Leroy came, she was sat up on top of him, her breasts gripped like a vice, her cunt fully impaled. The start of the sperm's journey couldn't be any closer to her womb.
Tomoko made a decision not to have a baby yet. She wanted more cock first. The sex that morning was brutal and painful, but she could sense a glimmer of ecstasy, too. Perhaps a smaller, more gentle guy would be more enjoyable? As if to confirm her thoughts, Leroy pulled her down close to suck vicious bruises onto her tits and neck.
They rolled around naked for the rest of the morning, and took a long sex-filled shower. Tomoko hoped that would be the last ass-fucking in her life. Her cunt had woken to the prospect of pleasure, but her ass was liking it less each time. If she slept with Leroy again, she would ask that it was on the condition that he fucks her cunt and mouth only.
When they finally remembered to shut the video recording off, the guy said it would take longer than usual to upload to the cloud, so he asked Tomoko for patience if the download wasn't available for a few days. They took a taxi to the station, had an udon lunch nearby, then waited on the platform for Tomoko's train.
"Be careful, they are super sore from the bruises," Tomoko said as Leroy played with her breasts under her coat.
"They are great tits, baby. Cunt, too," he said, putting his hand up her dress. Some people were watching, but they were both so far from home Tomoko let it happen. "So, do you want me to fuck your pussy again?"
"Do you want to?" Tomoko asked.
"Baby, I'd love to. I'm happy to be there whenever you take your pants off. Actually feels weird to see you with clothes on, almost all the time I've known you, you've been naked."
"Can I not be fucked in the ass again?" Tomoko asked, louder than she meant to. A couple standing nearby looked at her in a way that she guessed they understood English.
"Really? You didn't like having cock in your ass?"
"It's too big, it really hurts. Can we just do it in my cunt?"
"Yeah. If that's what you want. You better find out if you're pregnant first."
Tomoko changed the conversation. She could see that couple were tuned in to what they were saying. They promised to call and message to set up their next 'date.' When Tomoko's train came, she felt relief to be alone. Her breasts, pussy and ass all hurt badly. Why did they set her up with a guy with such a big cock for her first sex? She would complain when she had the chance.
Chapter 10
I got text messages from both sides of the affair from their trains. Tomoko was whining that she hurt everywhere, and why did I give her such a massive guy for her first time? Leroy thanked me for setting up a date with a girl that let him 'fuck every hole'.
"I think they have a different view of how the night went," I told Akari. We were at my place, in bed of course. I was looking through the porn movies we had of Akari fucking online. I mostly did a good job of keeping my face out of them. Akari didn't like watching them, but she liked that I did.
"Better you watch me fuck, rather than some other girls," she smiled, sucking my cock as I watched the movie of Leroy fucking the shit out of her in the shower at his place.
"Does his cock hurt when he fucks you?" I asked, thinking about the message from Tomoko.
"At the beginning. Not any more."
"You like doing a guy that big? You wish he'd come here for a turn on you, rather than send him to Tomoko?"
"I don't really like Leroy. How I feel about the person is more important than the guy's cock. I like it more when your friend Andrew fucks me. He's not big at all, right, the smallest guy you gave me so far, but he's so sweet."
"Yeah, you like him?"
"He checks if I'm okay. If I can't breath properly, he takes his cock out of my throat straight away. Some of your other friends they keep it in there even if I'm choking."
"Akari, I told you, it's not their fault. I told those guys they could. I told them you get off from being choked - and you do, you know it. That Jono guy, right? Fucking your throat and you couldn't breathe, and you peed everywhere, all over me while I'm fucking you!"
"It's not pee!" Akari pouted. "It's just my pussy leaks somehow. And I don't like it when those other guys choke me, only you."
"Yeah, well... you still cum when those guys do it."
Akari ignored me and went back to sucking my erection. I put my phone to the camera and videoed it. "You look great with cock in your mouth."
"You like it?"
"I love that you suck cock. I love that you let me cum in your mouth, I love that you swallow it."
"I like it, too," Akari said genuinely.
"And you're a darling for sucking my friends' cocks, too."
"You like me doing that, I know."
"Do you wanna try more people than just 3P?"
Akari smiled, rubbing my hard-on all over her face. "What are you thinking now?"
"We could get a bigger group of guys to fuck you," I suggested.
"Not in the ass, please," Akari responded. A friend of mine, Simon, had been over the night before. I was up Akari's cunt from below and he had fucked her in the ass from above. We had it on video, it was amazing to watch Akari do it. She was in shock as much as anything, two cocks in her below. It's not something I would have thought of if Simon hadn't just done it.
"But you're okay to have a group of guys do you?"
"If I don't like it, will you make me do it three times before it goes off our list?"
"Yeah, of course," I grinned. "I don't want to do it at our place, though, we'd never get them to leave . I wonder if the Master will let us use the Reggae Bar after it's closed? He'd want to have a turn, though. Do you mind fucking him, you've not had a guy that old up your cunt?"
Akari crawled up over my body. She opened her legs and reached between us to hold up my cock. She pushed onto it, sinking easily to her depth. Akari had been well-stretched by then.
"Why you like watching other guys fucking me so much?" she asked, kissing and moving her body, using her lips on me both ends. "Shouldn't you be jealous your girlfriend fucks so many other guys?"
"I like that you're an easy lay. Girls as good looking as you, they don't usually let guys in so easy."
"What do I do that's easy?"
"Anyone can have your cunt, they don't even have to pay. Your sex is all over the internet, you haven't said no to any of my friends. You let guys have any sex they want from you. And yet you're completely gorgeous. And nice, and lovely, and adorable. It's remarkable, you are remarkable. I love it. I love the way you are."
"I'm glad you're happy with me," Akari smiled, grinding her hips.
"I fucking love you," I said with gusto.
"I love you, too," Akari returned passionately.
As much as it gave me a thrill to watch my friends humping Akari, it was our time one-on-one that I loved most. We were spending more and more time outside of bed. The weather was getting nicer and as time crept by, I felt I was dating an undergrad, not a high school girl. Less time in bed didn't mean less sexuality. If anything, it gave us more ways to have fun with each other. Apart from driving to new towns to spend nine minutes with my dick in her, we went shopping, tried different restaurants, watched plays and took hikes. Akari was sometimes embarrassed by the things I had her wear outside, but she did it anyway.
"You look good, baby," I would say.
"You can see my nipples through this."
"And your ass, by the way, which looks amazing. So what? You're young, you're allowed to show off."
We went for the couples massage in Osaka that Akari bought for my Christmas present. We booked for late on a Friday night; dinner first, then a nice long walk to the parlor rather than take the subway. Neither of us knew exactly what to expect, it turned out Yukiko had helped buy it for Akari. The business was on a back street, but relatively large and brightly lit inside. It was kitsch, all plush carpet, mirrors and chrome, but was clean and organized. They spoke with Akari, not me. I did not understand most of the Japanese anyway, they were talking too fast. Akari was nervous, and other people that came in were all single males; mostly drunk, middle aged salarymen. When no one was looking, we shrugged at each other.
"Do we want a boy or a girl massager?" Akari translated.
"Girl for me. Boy for you?"
"Okay," Akari said, telling the lady behind the counter.
We were put in a tatami room with futons on the floor, and asked to change into robes and paper underwear, bottoms only. I put mine on, but I told Akari to leave hers off.
"Tell the guy they are too uncomfortable," I suggested.
"You want the massager to have sex with me?"
"Yeah, if he wants to, why not? Though I'm not sure if they do that. I guess we'll see."
As it turned out, it was one of those places where they touch you everywhere, but you're not supposed to touch them. My massage girl was young and cute and was okay to put her hands in my pants and to give me a blowjob, but she wouldn't let my hands into her pants. She conceded her bare tits under her clothes, but would not take any clothes off except her bra.
"She says don't cum in her mouth," Akari translated. "Only her hands."
"Ask her how much money she needs for me to cum in her pussy?'
"Hmmm, I'm not sure she will be happy with that," Akari said, but asked anyway. That question led to a long conversation between Akari and her, I waited patiently.
"She's not allowed to do that here. If you wanted to cum in her vagina you would have to do that outside of work. She doesn't want to charge money though, she's not a prostitute. She's happy to let you have a fuck with her for free, but if you want to cum in her it would have to be close to her period so she wouldn't get pregnant."
I laughed. "Seriously? This girl will let me fuck her, for nothing, after work?"
Akari nodded. "Sex is okay for her. Just not allowed at work."
'Really, hmmm. What about your guy? If you tell him he could fuck you here, but only here, would he?"
"You really want I ask him that?"
"Yeah, go on," I smiled at her.
Another long conversation ensued, with my girl chipping in as well. Eventually there seemed to be a conclusion.
"So... what's he say?"
"He can. But would need to be quick, after your girl has finished and left the room. She won't tell the company, but she doesn't want to be here for it happening. And he doesn't have condoms. I told him I was on the pill, though, so it won't matter if he cums in me."
"Wow. Okay," I said.
That put an edge on the rest of the massage. Akari' s guy fingered her furiously, using a lot of oil to make her tunnel slick. His pants stayed on, but Akari's hand was up his shorts from below, tugging his cock while his hand splashed and slopped between her legs. I fought to keep my sperm in me, it was super hard to resist, but I managed. I wanted to save it for Akari. My massage girl was disappointed she couldn't get me to orgasm, almost angry I didn't cum, but put her phone number into my phone in case I really did want to follow up with her outside of work.
When she left, there was some hesitation from Akari's guy. I don't think he realized I was planning to stay and watch. Another complicated conversation went on between him and Akari.
"He won't do it if you're still here," Akari said, naked, her legs open. The guy was knelt between them.
"Really?" I said smugly. "Tell him to look down at that bare-shaved, open pussy in front of him. Does he really not wanna stick his cock in your hole?"
Akari sighed and translated. She spread her legs wider, inviting him to put it in.
"He can't. Says he's too embarrassed. He'll only do it if you leave the room."
"Okay," I said. "Tell him to fuck off. If he won't do it, I will."
Akari looked at me. "Do you mean that?"
"Of course. I'm not letting a guy take a free shot at my girlfriend on his terms. Either I watch, or he can fuck off home."
I was using a calm, polite voice, I didn't think he sensed the ultimatum in my words. Akari explained in a manner more polite than I had. The guy kneeled his way off the edge of the futon, stood, bowed and left, all without saying a word.
"He couldn't," Akari said. "I think he was afraid of you."
"Never mind," I grinned. "Keep those legs open!"
I was quick, I had been on edge for most of the hour. Akari was entirely slick, that guy had liberally greased her insides. What an idiot, missing out on a chance to do what I was doing, blowing my load in the depths of one of the most beautiful girls in Japan. Still, whenever my buddies nailed Akari they used a condom, even in her ass, I was the only one that fucked her bare, so it was safer that the guy bailed.
We caught a late train home, Akari embarrassed by the air, oil and sperm that occasionally spluttered from her pussy. I decided not to tell her about the wet spot that stained the back of her dress in an obvious sign of leakage. In the morning she was still all oily inside, my morning wood easily melted into her.
"There's a message from Yukiko," Akari said, on her phone as I humped her from behind. "She wants to know if she can come over today."
"Just to see you?"
"I don't know. Let me see."
"When was the last time she fucked you?" I asked. "She coming up here to have sex with you?"
"No sex between us since she thinks she is pregnant. And we only had private sex in this town that one night. Usually it is always down in Osaka. If she is coming in the day, it probably won't be to take me to bed again."
Akari put the phone down and leaned back into me, groaning as we laid on our sides, cock deep inside her.
"You are a fully functioning woman now," I said, kissing her ear.
"Hmmm. Thank you for doing this to me."
"You like what you've become?"
"Uh-huh."
I rolled my hips, moving my cock around her insides.
"You're getting big," I told her.
"You and your friends use it too much."
"Too much? Really? You think it's too much?"
Akari turned her head back to kiss my lips as I fucked her.
"I'll do whatever you want," she said faithfully.
"Thank you."
For a time Akari ignored the beeps of messages coming into her phone and rolled her hips back against the cock that was pumping at her. Eventually the phone rang, Yukiko having lost patience with waiting for Akari's reply.
"Sorry, he's fucking me," Akari told her cousin in English. "Ah? What? Really?"
Yukiko was at Sanda station.
"She just came? Without knowing if you were free?"
Akari shrugged. "My parents are always home, even if I'm not. Can you pick her up? Or she can get a taxi."
"Tell her to get a cab, tell her my cock is stuck inside your cunt and I can't get it out."
Akari translated exactly. Ten minutes later, I walked Akari to answer the doorbell with my cock still up her from behind.
"To prove I wasn't lying," I explained to Akari, who shook her head in disbelief as we shuffled to the front door together. Yukiko laughed appreciatively, saying her younger cousin was turning out to be the craziest girl of all the cousins.
"And we thought you were the innocent little one," Yukiko teased. "But you fuck in more ways than any of us did."
"I shouldn't have told you so much about what I do," Akari sighed, me still deep in her cunt from behind, hands gripping her tits to hold her up straight. Yukiko started undressing.
"Can I have some of that?" Yukiko asked.
"Me or him?" Akari checked.
"Him first," she clarified.
"But you're pregnant! You can't do that."
"Yes I can. I'm not showing yet. My body is still in good condition for him. And he can cum in me now, can't get pregnant if I'm already pregnant."
It was weird having sex with a pregnant woman. It was true that her tummy hadn't grown by then, but even so, knowing another man's baby was in there, it felt weird to stick my cock in her. And I was the one keeping it gentle. Yukiko wanted me to fuck her rough, and cum in her rough; I found myself trying to tone it down. Yukiko also had this thing about kissing when she fucks, and wanting me to say over and over that I loved her. After I'd cum in her and it was Akari's turn, Yukiko got her to repeat the same phrase again and again while they kissed and had sex. I remembered Akari told me she had been like that when they had sex privately, too.
There wasn't much chance for Akari and I to talk about it. Yukiko stayed overnight with us, getting both of us to fist her constantly on the premise of stretching her cunt so she would be ready for birth. Sunday late morning both of them went together to Akari's family home for lunch. I opted out, to let them have some family time.
I watched the videos that I and Akari took of each other having sex with her cousin. Akari's video skill was better than mine, she concentrated more on our faces than bodies. It was fascinating to see Yukiko's reaction to the cock or fist in her, especially my large hand.
Watching Akari eat out and finger her cousin was entirely erotic no matter how many times I watched it. I edited a series of the videos to key moments and put them online, sending a link to my buddies to watch. I kept out all the "I love you" parts. I have to say it was hard to watch myself and Akari repeating that over and over to Yukiko. It was so obviously forced, not real, yet Yukiko kind of absorbed it and was strengthened by it. It was a strange role-play. Next time I had the chance, I'd discuss it more with Akari, and see if she thinks Yukiko had a problem at home.
Chapter 11
That Sunday night I treated myself to a single-man visit to the Reggae Bar. I had the chance to talk with the Master, he was more than happy to close the bar early one night and host a gang-bang of Akari, on two conditions. One, it had to be an early weeknight if he was going to close early, and two, he wanted to be able to cum in her, i.e. no condom. He promised to help make sure all the others did wear a condom, though, so I agreed. I'd come back to him with a date, depending on other guys availability and Akari's period. Some of the guys may not find it easy to get down on a school night.
"Or you could do it on Saturday or Sunday during the day," he suggested. "I don't open until five. I could open for a private session at lunch."
"That sounds like a better idea," I agreed
The girl that I'd picked up and fucked in her car previously, she turned up again. She tried to pull me in again. With all her underwear in her purse, she let me feel her up in the back corner booth of the bar. I wasn't planning to go with her anyway, but when she said "only the first time is free", I pulled her dress back down, putting her tits and cunt away. I spent the rest of the evening sitting happily at the bar by myself, chatting to the Master and his staff.
Over the next few days, I checked schedules with Akari and with the guys she agreed could gang-bang her.
"I just have to lie there, right? I don't have to do anything, just let those guys fuck me?"
"Well, you could pretend you're enjoying it," I suggested, smiling. "We'll take a video. You'll probably have to suck and use your hands on guys while you're being fucked."
"You know I'm terrible at concentrating on more than one cock. Can't they just take turns?"
"I don't think they'll have the patience," I admitted.
All of the guys coming over had already had sex with Akari before, except for the bar Master.
Leroy, American, from up north
Simon, Canadian, from one town over
Andrew, Kiwi, from our town
The Master
Me
The Master would have one staff member there, a young local guy named Ken to serve behind the bar while we had our fun. The Master donated a bottle of whiskey, and anything Akari wanted was free, but otherwise it was a cash bar. He did order food from the sushi place downstairs for us, though.
The 'party' happened on a Saturday. Akari stayed at her parents place in the days leading up to it. She said she needed to give herself a break before having to 'do a marathon' with us guys. It was an interesting analogy.
Leroy came down and stayed with me on the Friday night. We went to the Reggae Bar for 'preparation'. The Master was in a good mood and introduced us to young Ken who would be on bar and general gopher duty the next day. The first-one-free girl was there, too. I told Leroy to tell her he was a local so she would keep to her sales plan - and sure enough, he had her for free. They went down to do it in her car in the car-park out back. I weighed up whether to warn her, as Tomoko had wanted to be warned. Leroy was big, that little prostitute was tiny. Surely, though, she must come across that hazard in her profession?
Apparently not.
A customer came in saying a girl was screaming in pain downstairs. The Master and I went down and that tiny little girl was in the back of her car, fully impaled and fully stressed. She was nude in the back seat, sitting on Leroy's lap facing forward, away from him. Leroy had her hips held tight; her pussy lips wrapped around the very base of his huge cock. The Master and I got in the front seats of the car, him on the passenger side, me the driver. The girl was complaining bitterly in Japanese.
"What's she saying?" I asked.
"He's too big," the Master stated the obvious, laughing.
"So what's she want to do? Get off?"
"She can't. Says it hurts too much. Doesn't want to move."
I turned to Leroy. "How you going back there?"
"She is tiny. I thought you said she's a whore?"
"She is."
"Not a very good one. Even Tomoko is bigger than her."
"Can you get her off?"
"I haven't even fucked her properly yet."
"Well, can you get on with it? I don't think she's enjoying it."
Leroy got on with it. He held her hips and slammed up and down from below. The Master and I had to shut our doors to muffle the squealing. I didn't expect it would last long but Leroy didn't let up. The girl seemed to settle in to her fucking. In the end the Master and I got tired of waiting, we left her to Leroy and went back up into the bar. Leroy took another thirty minutes with that skinny little thing; he said he took the time to help her better 'fit' her profession.
We were home just after midnight, not too late. We made sure we were prepped, all the video equipment charged. Leroy had his own proper handy-cam, and he had brought condoms and plenty of gel. Akari met us at the bar at midday, dropped off by her mother.
"She doesn't know what you're here for today?" I asked, waving to her mom as she drove off.
"I'm hardly going to tell her that, right?" Akari giggled. "But she knows I'm going to get fucked by you, she noticed in the car that I have no panties on. This dress is too smooth on my body."
"How did you handle that?"
"I told her I was on the pill, right? So, she doesn't have to worry I'll get pregnant."
"Yeah, well, she must hate me."
"She does, don't worry!" Akari teased me. "At least she thinks it's only you screwing me. If she knew I was going to fuck all your friends as well, she'd hate me instead."
"Remember, the Master gets to cum in you, it's part of the deal for using his place. The other guys have to wear condoms."
"Okay."
Inside it was as dark as ever, there are not usually windows in bars in Japan. The place smelled of air freshener fighting a losing battle with stale beer and ashtrays. It was strange to be in the bar before it was open, my first time. Young Ken cleaned glasses with a cloth and filled them from a tall Asahi bottle. The Master, Leroy and I went to the dance floor to move things around and set up for Akari. There were enough soft cushions to lay her out and do her on the floor, but the Master said he was too old to kneel on the ground to fuck.
Simon being Simon took advantage of Akari being alone by the bar, grabbing her into a clinch, lifting her dress enough so we could all see she hadn't bothered with panties, and she had shaved herself smooth. Akari kissed back as he put his hand between her naked thighs, drawing first wetness.
The Master took Leroy and us into the back office to help drag out an old sofa to put on the tiny dance-floor. With a click, the back went down flat.
"Perfect," Leroy nodded, "Can we have these spotlights above on? Would help to film it."
The Master played around with the main lights panel until everyone agreed the lighting. At the bar, Simon had a condom on already. Akari's dress was bunched up around her waist, she was gripping the bar tightly and squealing. Simon was pumping madly from behind.
"Hey," I said, stepping over calmly. "Get out of her ass. Pussy only today."
"You're kidding me?" he whined, cock fully up her backside. "Six guys here and you're going to rule out access to half her holes?"
"Her cunt and her mouth. It's enough," I said politely, but firmly. "Come on, out."
"Two more minutes," he begged.
"One," I said in return, timing him as Simon made the most of his last sixty seconds up my girlfriend's ass.
"Thank you," Akari said after Simon had withdrawn and her dress had fallen back. She kissed and hugged me. "Thank you. I would feel better if I didn't have to do it there again today."
"I know, baby."
"I love you."
"I love you, too," I smiled. "Do you want a drink, or bathroom? Or are you ready to go?"
Akari shrugged. "I can do it, if you want me to start."
"A quick champagne first?"
Ken opened a new bubbly and gave her a glass. Akari drank a third and left the glass on the bar. I led her to the fold-down sofa under the lights. Akari knew what we wanted, stepping out of her shoes and unzipping her dress on the side, lifting it up and off. She was entirely naked. She spun as asked for all the video cameras on her.
The Master was brave enough to have first crack.
"I wanna suck that pussy before it's full of filth," he nodded.
Akari knew him least of all the guys there, so nervously backed up as he pushed her onto the soft flat bed and followed her up, fully clothed. He pushed her further up the bed, to give him space to lay face down between her legs. The Master took his first drink from that hole. Akari was delightfully shaved and smooth; the Master not. She squealed as his rough face scraped her pussy. Not for long, though. Leroy came around to drop his pants and plug her mouth with cock.
Andrew and I stood watching on one side, Simon the other. Ken looked like he was gripping his cock behind the bar.
"Amazing she just fell into your lap. The girl is a fucking-machine," Andrew said, shaking his head.
I raised my beer glass and clinked. "Cheers."
When the Master dropped his trousers and crawled up onto Akari for his first fuck with her, the thrust of entry made her spit Leroy from her mouth and squeal. For a time all of us watched him nail her one-on-one. I walked slowly around, taping them. Akari looked at me; I mouthed 'Love you, baby' and she nodded, before arching her head back at the force of a thrust up her cunt. The Master went for so long that the boys had to lift his hand and 'tag' it to make their point - someone else's turn.
Leroy was in her as soon as the Master was out. You could tell the size difference of the two guys by the pitch of Akari's scream, which just about doubled.
"Nice of you not to cum in her," I said, clinking 'Cheers' as he did his pants back up. "It would have been messy for the guys to be going into your cum."
"Ha!" the Master laughed. "I'm too old to shoot twice, and I want another turn!"
Andrew and Simon couldn't wait, they involved themselves while Leroy was still pounding Akari's pussy. Simon put himself in her mouth, Andrew put the first hickey on her breast. With an arm dangling loose, I took Akari's hand and held it to grip my erection. She did nothing but squeeze, her attention diverted by too much going on elsewhere. I filmed it all in close, then gave Manish a video call on the phone to let him see it live.
When the boys were polite enough to give me a chance to fuck my own girlfriend, I flipped her around to do her from behind. It made it easier for her to suck those guys while I fucked her. Drinks flowed freely as Ken brought them over to us from the bar, we were all holding beers and having sex. It was a remarkable experience. The Master dragged Ken over and made him pull down his pants to be sucked on. Poor lad blew his load in Akari's mouth after just a minute. She did her best to keep the goo in her mouth, but with Simon pumping furiously at her cunt from behind, Akari was struggled to swallow all of it. Ken slunk off to the bar, embarrassed to have lost his load so easily while all the other guys were holding it together. I told the Master to tell him not to feel bad, he looked so forlorn the poor lad.
A little old lady delivered two huge trays of sushi stacked up on top of each other, then came back with a tray full of miso soup bowls. She seemed unfussed by the young naked girl getting hammered by two foreigners, as the rest of us looked on.
"Lunch time," the Master yelled, making everyone come over to eat along the bar. Most guys had their tops on and pants off. I helped Akari off the bed. She was sore and proppy. Her breasts were already covered in hickeys, hardly a piece of skin left to brand.
"How are you?" I asked, holding her gently and kissing.
"I'm okay. Am I doing okay? Are you happy?"
"Akari, you are doing a great job. The guys are amazed. You are a great fuck," I assured her.
"I like when you are happy with me," Akari grinned, kissing me lovingly. Her pussy belched air as I held her ass and pushed her into me.
"Come on, come have a drink and some food," I told her.
The Master gave Akari a small shawl, enough to cover her shoulders, and Ken gave her a glass of champagne. The boys drank and talked loudly among themselves, leaving Akari and I to eat and talk as a couple.
"So, how's your experience so far?" I asked her. "You enjoy it?"
"I don't mind," Akari shrugged. "But lots of work. Difficult to concentrate on all of them."
"What do you enjoy, though? Is there anything you like about having sex like this?"
"I like that you are happy with me. I like I can get your friends hard. I like they enjoy fucking me."
"Okay," I laughed, "But what about you? What do you like about it?"
"Ummm," Akari thought, "I like when one guy finishes fucking me, another one straight away comes in. That's interesting, that some guys are in line waiting. Kind of like the Pearl Milk-Tea shop at the station."
I laughed with her at that thought. "You are cute."
"I like when that boy came in my mouth. That tasted nice," she added.
"So, we can do this again?" I checked. "It's okay? It's a pass?"
"I don't mind. It's okay. But I want you to be here. I don't think I would enjoy it if you were not here watching me. It's not very relaxing sex for me, but I know you like to watch me fucking, so makes it enjoyable for me."
"You are a complete darling," I said with all my heart.
Everyone drank a lot, even the Master and his staff. The room became raucous and more and more the sex with Akari became one-on-one as the boys' energy dulled. The Master had a super long turn with her as us others stood by the bar drinking and watching. He really enjoyed himself, kissing her, holding her, caressing her. It looked like he hadn't nailed such a young beauty for a long time. He was doing everything he could to drink in the experience before he finally came, deep in her pussy as she sat on his lap on the edge of the bed. Akari's tongue was in his mouth, giving him a wonderful, passionate orgasm. She stood in front of him afterward and let his cum dribble out of her onto the floor, accentuating his position in the group as the only one allowed to cum in her freely.
The Master was delighted with me for bringing Akari over. He was back-slappingly happy, pouring him and I extra large whiskeys which we downed like shots. I took a turn with Akari myself, but by then no one was even watching. Sexually sated, the guys were entirely wrapped up in their drinking and conversations.
Akari was sore, her mouth and face stank of semen and her neck and breasts stank of dried saliva. We fucked slowly and gently, Akari sitting on my lap but leaning back on her arms, keeping the smell of those other guys away from me. It was an amazing sight. Bright light spilled onto her body in our dark surroundings. Her hair was entirely ruffled, sperm caked in it and dried on parts of her face. Bruises engulfed her breasts. Her pussy twitched in pain on each stroke in and out. In every way Akari looked like a girl that had been mercilessly gang-banged.
"Come on," I said, turning off the video. "Enough. Let's get you a drink."
Akari grimaced as she lifted her pussy off my cock. She shuffled slowly to the bar, choosing to stand because her cunt felt too sore and swollen to sit on. She drank two glasses of champagne quickly before moving onto the cocktails that the Master himself made for her. Akari stayed naked; as she said, what was the point to cover up from guys that she had sex with?
As we got closer to five o'clock opening time and the regular staff began to drift in and clear our mess, the boys had to put on their pants. As the first customers arrived, Akari looked around for her dress and finally put it back on. The staff took over and the Master disappeared, I suspected for a nap. I managed to get away with just one hanger-on, Leroy, who had his gear at my place. The others stayed at the Reggae Bar. I let Leroy shower and wash Akari off, just the two of them in there together, on the agreement that Akari's pussy would get a rest - at least til the morning.
"Especially from your cock!" I said emphatically.
Those two were in there for a long time. They kissed for much of it. Akari sucked his cock and swallowed, too. Knowing she wasn't a big fan of Leroy I worried she might be in a bad mood when they finally came out. Thankfully she was more grateful that I'd told him to keep out of her pussy and ass than she was pissed at having to spend such a long time one-on-one with him.
After a relatively quick threesome on Sunday morning, Leroy left to spend the day in a Love Hotel with Tomoko, leaving us as a couple finally. It was nice to be alone, laying lazily on the sofa watching TV. Akari's body had rebounded relatively well, responding nicely to a gentle fingering from behind as we watched.
"How do you feel about yesterday?" I asked, kissing her neck.
"It was fun," Akari groaned at the touch of my lips.
"Did you ever dream you'd fuck so many guys at once?"
"No," she admitted.
"But you're okay with it?"
"As long as my man enjoys, I can do it."
"You said yesterday you like guys lining up for your store," I reminded her.
"Yes," Akari laughed and rolled to her back to face me. "Those guys want to fuck me so much they'd line up to wait."
"It's cool, right?" I smiled,
Akari nodded.
"Open your legs," I asked. Akari obliged, holding her thighs wide open. Her pussy lips still looked puffed up from use, but otherwise she was a perfect example of the perfect lay.
"This is you," I said gently.
"What do you mean?" Akari quizzed.
"Naked. Hickeys. Shaved. Legs wide. 'Store open' for cock. This is you. This is the Akari I know."
"Do you like your girlfriend?" she grinned.
"Yes," I said with all my heart. Akari could smell my sincerity. She rolled up onto me, rubbing her body on mine, kissing my face passionately.
"Will, my darling, my teacher. What else can I do for you?"
We melted into each other kissing and hugging as I mentally listed out all the answers to her question. I had one more year left on my contract in Japan, I hoped it was enough time to do them all!
(Akari and the Australian will be submitted for approval on June 12, 2021)