Pruett had parked the van on Ocean Drive, and was sitting there watching the girls sauntering by. Tony was buying a twelve pack of Budweiser. Pruett noted that every girl passing by eyed the Girls Gone Wild logo on the side of the van.
He stepped out and stood by the passenger side door smiling at them. The first two girls passing by just giggled, and kept walking.
The next, a group of five stopped, and began bantering with him, feeling secure in their greater number. Pruett offered them T-shirts to show their tits, but they just laughed at him, and declined. Eventually they began giggling inanely among themselves, for none of them was bold enough to take him up on his offer.
Tony came out of the grocery carrying a twelve pack, got into the van, and opened a can, drinking deeply.
"Want one?" he asked Pruett.
"In a minute," Pruett answered. "Let me try these two coming our way first."
The girls in question were two blondes from a South Carolina High School. They had wandered off in search of a mid-afternoon adventure, and realized that in the Girls Gone Wild van they may just have found it.
"Is this really that van?" The taller blonde asked. She was probably five nine; her friend shorter, perhaps five four or five foot five at the most.
"You mean the Girls Gone Wild bus?" Pruett asked in turn.
"Um, yeah, I guess," the taller one said.
"It is," he replied. "In fact," he turned to look to his left, and then to his right, as if someone might be listening to his spiel. "In fact," he repeated, "I'll give you a T-shirt right now if you show me your tits."
Both girls giggled, but stood in place, making no effort to leave. Tony had hoisted the video camera to his shoulder and was filming the girls from inside the van. Both wore cut off jeans, the shorter one wore a boy's shirt, the taller a tank top.
"Hey," said the shorter of the girls, "is that there a camera?"
Pruett looked over his shoulder, saw Tony shooting away. "Yes, it is," he said, and then barked, "Hey now, I've got genuine GGW Tee's right c'here!" he told them, dangling them in front of the two blondes, miraculously missing the taller one's tits by a millimeter as he did.
The shorter blonde suddenly began unbuttoning her shirt then pulled it open exposing two pert mounds capped with strawberry tipped nipples.
"I want the red one," she cried out, before slowly lowering her shirt.
Pruett handed her a red T-shirt, and turned to the taller blonde who was slightly better endowed in the breast department.
"And how 'bout you, pretty lady?"
The "pretty lady" seemed to convince her, and she slowly pulled her tank top up, her doe-like eyes appeared to widen as her breasts came into view.
"Gimme a white one," she said breathlessly, leaving her solid, 34-C sized breasts bare for the moment.
Pruett quickly handed her a white T-shirt, adding, "I'll give you any two additional shirts you want for a bush shot."
Slowly covering her chest, the taller blonde grimaced, and said with what sounded like finality, "Hell, no. Never happen!"
The other girl nodded her head, and then followed, saying, "No fucking way!"
Tony kept the camera focused on both girls. Pruett smiled evilly, and said, "Last chance, girls, one for you, and maybe one for a friend."
The shorter blonde shifted her feet, then squinted, thereby revealing her need for eyeglasses, or contacts, and said, "Any one's we want?"
"Yup," Pruett replied, "anyone's you want."
"Large sized?"
"Large sized or even extra large, you want."
"One of each," the taller girl said quickly, and both girls began unbuttoning their short, short jeans.
"Um, best get into the van for this," Tony told the girls, who quickly climbed into the van, and while Tony kept the camera on them, they shimmied out of the tight fitting, short jeans.
Neither girl wore any underwear. The shorter one was clean-shaven, the taller one had a thick blonde bush that had Tony wondering if she had dyed it.
"Okay, now," Pruett said as he casually ran a hand along the shorter blonde's calf. "What are your names, and can we see some ID, um, you know, for the record."
The taller girl said, "I'm Heather. Then, fishing around in her small purse, she produced a driver's license that gave her age as nineteen.
"I'm Kristy," the shorter blonde told them. "Um, I'm not carrying any ID with me. But I'm eighteen and a half."
"Gee, I'm sorry, Kristy, but I really do need to see some form of ID," Tony said solemnly.
"Oh, I can vouch for Kristy," Heather said. "I'm six months older than she is."
"Good enough for me," Pruett said, not realizing that he might live to regret saying it later on. Tony shook his head, mentally castigating his buddy, but held his tongue.
"All right then Kristy, Heather, are you ready to become famous?"
"Like in a video?" Heather asked.
"Like in a Girls Gone Wild video, yes," Pruett answered.
"Oh, wow!" Heather cried out happily.
"Just put your clothes on the back of the seat there," Tony said, pointing to the back of the driver's seat.
"Y'all seen any of the GGW videos?" Pruett asked as he poured some tonic mix into paper cups and added a generous amount of gin, swirled each cup around and handed each girl one.
"No, but I heard about them," Kristy said, accepting her gin and tonic.
"Me too!" Heather chimed in. "Girl's kissing and stuff like that," and then she reached for her drink and took a huge gulp.
"Know what stuff like that means, sweetheart?" Tony asked gingerly.
"Yeah, sure," Heather replied gaily as she wiped her mouth on her arm. "Giving head, and fucking too, right?"
"That about sums it up," Tony conceded, and both girls nodded eagerly. Kristy knocked off her drink then examined the empty cup for a second before tossing it into the corner of the van.
"All righty, then," Pruett said rubbing his hands brusquely, "Kristy, why don't you lay down on the air mattress and open your legs. Heather, um, after you finish your drink could you kinda put yourself between Kristy's legs, and slowly lean forward and give her a French kiss. Kristy, we want to see both your tongues, so please stick yours out too."
"Gawd, I still can't believe that I'm doing this," Heather sighed, but pushed her breasts out dramatically.
"Hey," Pruett told her sternly, "t-shirts like this don't come often."
"T-shirts!" Heather snorted, "I'm about to be lesbo'd by my best friend; and videoed doing it . . . for a God-dammed t-shirt?"
"Some do it for far less," he told her, and turned away to see if Tony was ready to shoot.
"Really?" she said, as if not comprehending what she was about to do. Heather giggled, then finished off her gin and tonic.
After setting the camera up, Tony popped in front of it and, with a smarmy smile, said, "Hi, there, Spring Break fans everywhere. This is Tony with yet another Girls Gone Wild, or at least, soon to go wild. He pointed to Kristy out of camera range and asked, "And what's your name, darlin'?"
"Kristy, Tony," she replied, and waved at the camera with just her fingers, then added, "Hi, guys," and blew a kiss at the camera lens.
Seemingly relaxed and quite comfortable in front of the camera, she dropped her hand down to Heather's calf, and began kneading a spot behind her knee. The camera stayed with her hand in close up. Pruett grabbed the second, smaller camera, and focused on both girls from a respectable distance.
"Ever made it with a girl?" Tony asked.
"No," Kristy said, and bit her lip. She was lying, and they all knew it. But anyone watching the film later wouldn't know it.
Heather gave her a wink and a smile, and said, "But do you wanna play with me, Kristy?"
"Me and you?" Kristy asked innocently as she nodded her head, "Like, cool!"
Kristy turned to face the camera. Leaning back, she sank down onto the air mattress. Her hips rotated in time with the beat from the van's radio. She closed her eyes, and bit her lower lip with her pearl white teeth. A soft moan escaped her lips as Heather pressed the palm of her left hand into Kristy's crotch.
Heather leaned down to the closest of Kristy's brown nipples and took it between her teeth. From her moan, Tony guessed that Kristy enjoyed the little love nip. Heather continued sucking on the swollen bud, and lowered her hands to the other's waist.
"Turn'er around," Pruett croaked hoarsely.
Heather, not knowing which of them he was speaking to, turned because she was the only one standing, or close to standing. Her rear now faced Pruett's camera lens.
"Hey, Kristy," Pruett called out in what he thought was a director's voice, but was anything but. "Give old Heather a good lick between the legs, would'ja?"
Tony knelt down on one knee, the camera held steady on his shoulder as Kristy tried to follow Pruett's suggestion. She shuffled forward on her ass until extremely close to Heather's pussy, and then flicked her tongue out to touch Heather's clit, semi-hidden in her bush. Heather moaned, and at the same time, Kristy grabbed Heather's ass cheeks, caressing them with her fingertips.
Pruett grabbed his erection and tried to adjust it to alleviate the discomfort it was causing him, found that it brought no relief, and then took it out, letting it jut out in plain view. Tony zoomed in on Kristy as she spent the next minute or so slowly licking up and down the crease of Heather's outer labia. Heather was panting in expectation of future exciting things, when, with both camera's tightly focused on her face Kristy slowly wet her index finger by sliding it into her mouth.
After covering it with saliva, she brought the finger to the panting girl's cuntal slit, then half turned to Tony and his camera. She licked her lower lip, and spoke directly into the lens: "God, guys, she's even tighter than I hoped she'd be!"
She placed a little more pressure on the finger, and with a sudden movement, it broke through the barrier of Heather's inner lips, sliding partially into Heather's cunt before Kristy called a halt to her progress, pulling her finger completely out of Heather's cunt, and bringing it to her own mouth and tasting Heather's flavor.
"Um, nice," she cooed.
A shocked expression passed over Heather's face, but a smile soon replaced it. She looked down at her girlfriend and said, "Why don't you ask Tony what he thinks?"
Kristy giggled inanely, and reinserted the finger into Heather's cunt again; brought it out, and tendered it to Tony, who shut his camera off and waited for Pruett to signal that he had them covered.
Opening his mouth as he knelt next to Kristy, he tasted Heather's pungent flavor the second the finger touched his tongue.
"Might need some Paprika," he said off-handedly, and both girls doubled over laughing. Heather saw Pruett's dangling dick and made for it, giving it a light slap.
Pruett almost dropped the camera, but managed to recover in time.
Finding the entire situation ludicrous, Tony resumed filming the two girls, who were not doing anything very sexual at the moment.
"Can we get going again, ladies?" he asked not unkindly. Both girls sobered somewhat, and Kristy tugged at Heather until she lay down beside her on the air mattress. Kristy spread Heather's legs, and kneeling between them, began to nuzzle the other girl's bush. Tony's lens had a clear view of her tongue snaking its way into Heather's cunt as Kristy's fingers parted the hair surrounding Heather's thick, outer labia, paving the way for her tongue.
Pruett showed some unusual initiative, for him, in moving around to the other side of the girls. Now the cameras were recording the girls from two very different perspectives. Later Tony would be startled to find that Pruett had shot a close-up of Kristy's puckering asshole as it opened and closed while she performed cunnilingus on Heather. Tony gradually moved his camera up Heather's body until focusing on her face and the varied expressions it bore as Kristy's tongue and fingers worked her over.
Kristy looked up at Pruett's camera and winked. Then she sought out Heather's engorged clit, and taking it between her lips, worried it while Heather gasped with pleasure.
Pruett, becoming more of an expert cameraman every minute, zoomed in for what turned out to be a tremendous shot of her licking along the hood that had only seconds before hidden the very swollen pleasure bud.
Heather's hands were in Kristy's hair, pulling her face tighter into her crotch. Tony dropped to his knees alongside the two girls and caught a magnificent shot of Kristy tongue-fucking Heather.
"Oh, baby," Heather moaned. "I'm getting there . . . ."
Kristy paused about then and picked several pubic hairs from her mouth. She noticed Tony and waved at him, and then took her other hand away from her mouth exposing a thoughtful frown.
Flicking the last hair away, she went back to licking and sucking Heather, accidentally tapping Tony on the leg with her elbow. He adjusted the aim of the camera back to Kristy's face, and then panned the camera up to Heather's face, capturing her with her head thrown back.
Pruett said, "So, Kristy, you say you've never licked a girl before?"
Turning her face away from Heather, she looked directly into his camera and with a slight stutter said, "N . . . No, never."
Heather went into a mini-convulsion as she climaxed and sank back onto the air mattress and closed her eyes.
"That was a good scene," Tony said.
Pruett nodded in agreement, and with his hardon still jerking this way and then that, he asked Heather, "Would you like to return the favor?"
Heather turned her glazed eyes in the rough direction of his voice, and with a blank expression, nodded weakly.
Kristy looked at the two men, taking in Pruett's erection and the bulge in Tony's slacks. "You guys can fuck us, or we can do each other in a sixty-nine."
Putting his camera down, Pruett started to opt for the fucking, but Tony, thinking of the film potential, spoke quickly, saying, "Sixty-nine it is."
Kristy fingered herself for several seconds, stopping only when Tony aimed the camera at her. Then, squatting over Heather's face, she leaned forward into Heather's crotch, and lowered her face down into Heather's pussy.
"Just do what I do, Heather," she said softly, knowing the other girl had never attempted cunnilingus before.
"It's her first time," Kristy told the two men as they filmed her actions.
"Watch this, dudes!" Pruett exulted, "We got Heather here 'bout to munch carpet for the first time."
"Shut up, Pru," Tony snarled as Heather buried her face in Kristy's cunt.
Kristy gasped in surprise, having thought she would have to bring her girlfriend close to another climax before she'd respond in kind.
But Heather was wasting no time in becoming the aggressor in this love match. Swirling the tip of her tongue around Kristy's clit, she forced another pleasurable moan from the more experienced girl who had to concentrate all her efforts just to renew her own licking and sucking.
Soon both girls were grinding their pussies against each other's face -- Heather found herself reveling in the feel of Kristy's hot, wet flesh against her mouth and tongue, and promised herself that she would try this again and again with Kristy and some other girl who might be willing to try it with her.
When Kristy applied a given tactic on her, Heather immediately did the same to her.
Soon both girls were trembling with excitement, and Heather went rigid a split second before Kristy, then both girls were cumming.
Heather kept her mouth on Kristy's clit, using an iron will as her own body surrendered to the voluminous pleasures brought on by Kristy's talented tongue. After no more than ten seconds of this, Kristy's legs started to spasm, and in slow motion she crumpled into a fetal position, and rolled off and away from Heather's relentless mouth.
But Heather did not allow her to escape, and as the cameras rolled on capturing every action of the girls, Heather recaptured Kristy's clit, sucking it between her lips and swirling her tongue around and around upon it.
Seconds later, Kristy was begging her to stop. Tony zoomed in, capturing her lips sealed tightly upon Kristy's clit. Two gasping breaths later, Kristy was pleading with Heather to: "Get me off! Just a little harder! Just a little longer!"
Heather continued eating her friend out until Kristy lay inert and sobbing on the air mattress. With both cameras focused on her she crawled over her friend and hugged her lovingly, and as Kristy returned from her visit to the clouds, Heather asked if she'd done it right.
Tony yelled, "Perfect! Just the fuckin' perfect thing to say!" and shut his camera off.
Pruett kept filming,
Barely able to talk, Kristy managed to croak, "God, yes!" and rolled over on her side, hugging herself protectively.
"Pruett . . ." Tony said, and when Pruett looked at him, he signaled Pruett to turn his camera off.
Pruett did so, and lay the camera down as Heather crawled on her knees to Pruett and looked longingly at his stiff shaft. To her mind it was incredibly enticing. She reached out and caressed it with her right hand. Pruett moaned with anticipatory pleasure. Tony grabbed his camera and started to film them as his own erection reached an almost intolerable size in his slacks.
Heather moaned as her fingers gripping his member slid a millimeter as they failed to find a firm purchase on the copious coating of precum covering the underside of his cock. With an eagerness that surprised her, Heather smeared the slick fluid around until his entire cockhead was glossy with the seeping fluid.
Tony carefully framed the couple in his viewfinder so that he would capture her mouth descending upon Pruett's cock. And it did so, following a gentle kiss, with the tip of her tongue dabbing at the seepage from his one-eyed monster even as she slowly jerked him off.
When Pruett moaned again, Heather discovered that she couldn't hold back any longer and took the head of his cock into her mouth, swirled her tongue around and under the head, reveling in the slightly salty taste of his excitement-generated fluids.
With the fingers of her right hand holding his manhood at its base, Heather sank down upon him as well as the most talented whore might be capable of doing, and after taking a deep breath, took even more of him into her throat, so that she now felt the soft flesh of his cock-head at the back of her throat.
Suddenly Heather was conscious of Kristy's presence beside her, giving her advice that Heather thought was unnecessary, but appreciating the thought all the same.
"Relax your throat, Heather, sweetie, pretend to swallow. You won't gag then."
Heather wanted to laugh. She had him all the way down her throat, his balls were resting against her chin and she was not gagging, had not even come close to gagging. But what Heather had not expected was for Pruett to extract himself from between her lips.
"Sorry, honey," he said, "but I'd love for you to just lick my dick . . . you know, along the shaft?"
Heather was happy to oblige, but was still puzzled. 'Didn't guys love to be deep-throated?' she asked herself.
And then she realized what he was up to. As she was licking the length of him, Pruett had lined the head of his cock with Kristy's pussy. "Oh, yes! That's it sweetie. Now put me into Kristy."
Whether she did or not, neither guy ever discovered. Suffice to say, he found himself immersed in Kristy's hot cunt and began fucking her using long, slow strokes as Tony followed the new twosome with the camera.
Kristy answered each slow thrust with a high-pitched squeak, while Heather sat back on her haunches and watched enviously. But when Pruett positioned Kristy on all fours, and got behind her and increased the tempo of his fucking as he forged full-length into her foaming cunt, Heather's mouth moved in to join the fucking duo, making it a trio.
To accomplish this, Heather's tongue flickered briefly on Kristy's exposed clit, and then licked Pruett's shaft as it emerged from her friend cunt on the out stroke. Eventually his cock popped from Kristy's pussy and Heather took hold of it and promptly steered it into her mouth.
Tony dropped to his knees to get a better angle of what was transpiring, and discovered that Kristy was trying to extract his dick from his slacks. But he managed to catch her attention without speaking, and silently urged her to eat Heather out while she blew Pruett.
But Tony was in for another surprise from these youngsters. Heather, noting Kristy moving up on her, tendered Pruett's cock to her mouth.
Moments later, both girls were sucking on Pruett's cock. Alternating sucks, then joining and cramming him into both mouths at the same time. Teasing and then sucking his balls either singly or in tandem, and then when Heather worked her index finger into his ass, Pruett came a gusher, spewing his ejaculate over the entire faces of both girls.
And the camera captured every moment of it all. As he shut down the camera, Tony knew they had an erotic masterpiece.
A moment later, both girls pounced on him. He wound up on his back with Heather astride him and Kristy squatting over his face. He brought both of them off, and they switched positions. By the time Tony blasted off, the girls had come several more times. Tony would later learn that Pruett had watched idly, not bothering to catch any of that performance on his camera.
At the moment he found himself hating Pruett. But later he would all too happy he was not caught on camera.
________________________________________
After dropping Heather and Kristy off, Tony and Pruett decided to split up and look for another cameraman to help them film all the sexual activities they required to complete their video of Girls Gone Wild, 2010.
Pruett said he knew of a guy, in the adjacent town, who might work out. Tony had another guy in mind, but hadn't seen him in over a year, and he started out by hitting some places he had had drinks with him, hoping to find him that way.
Pruett took the van while Tony borrowed a beat-up Dodge pickup from Garth, one of the bartenders at Hobie's Bar, leaving a cloud of oil in his wake.
Tony was looking for a former colleague named Barely Black, so named because of his father's warped sense of humor. Harvey Black, on seeing his albino son for the first time at the local hospital, insisted on naming him Barely, because he was in fact, barely black. His hair was straight, and not kinky, and only his lips betrayed the fact that he was Afro-American.
Tony drove into the black section of town and parked in a lot across the street from Chug -- Chug's Bar and Grill.
He walked in and found himself in an almost pitch black interior. Only the neon Keystone Beer sign threw any light on the bar itself, and until his eyes got used to the darkness, Tony might as well have been blind.
"Whut you gonna have?" a gravelly voice asked from the darkness.
"Um, gimme a Keystone, I guess," Tony replied, his eyes just beginning to adjust to the dim lighting.
The bartender was a giant of a man, with an eye patch covering his long-missing left eye. He reached down into a cooler and brought out an ice-covered bottle of Keystone, and slapped it on the bar in front of Tony.
"Two dollah," the huge black man told Tony.
"I'm looking for a friend of mine," Tony said, handing him a five.
The bartender ignored him, turning to ring up the sale and then back again, slapping three singles on the bar next to Tony's beer.
"I said . . ." Tony began.
"I heard you," the bartender growled. "Ain't nobody by that name ever come in here."
"But I never gave you his name," Tony protested.
"Drink the fuckin' beer and git," the bartender snarled and gave him a menacing look.
"I'm not the law," Tony said.
"Don't give a fuck who you are. This ain't an information booth."
Tony took a swallow of his beer, set the bottle down lightly on the bar, and walked out into the blazing sunlight.
Not having the slightest idea where Barely Black lived, he began entering each business along the street. At the fourth shop he got his first lead.
"You mean that albino, the funny name?" an elderly woman asked.
"Yes," Tony said, excitedly. "Barely Black is his name. He's a . . ."
He got no further, for the woman was waving her skinny arm in his face. "He live on dat street over dere," she told him, pointing across the street. "Five door down, maybe second, third floor. I'm not sure, dat," she said.
"Thank you very much," he told her, and gave her his winningest smile, which was very well received. Then he started across the street, counting each building as he passed by.
Barely lived on the second floor, and to Tony's surprise, he was home, and called down to Tony, telling him to, "Come on up."
Tony scampered up the two flights of stairs, and huffing hard, knocked on the door.
"S'open!" Barely yelled out. Tony carefully stepped inside, and to his amazement, found Barely with his leg in a cast that went from ankle to hip.
"Hi, man," he said in greeting. "What the hell happened to you?"
"I'll tell you what happened to the damn fool," said a gorgeous black female, who stepped into the room from what must have been the bedroom.
"Oh, Tony," Barely said, "let me introduce you two. Essence, this is my good friend, Tony. We went to high school together. Tony, this is Essence D'Kunze, the love of my life."
"Hi, pleased to meet you," Tony said, looking Barely's sultry girlfriend over, and doing his best not to laugh. This couple had by far the weirdest names of anyone he'd ever met.
"Likewise," she said, looking him over as well. "Now what happened to this idiot was that . . ."
Barely interrupted her. "I was at a party . . . without Essence. I will regret that to my dying day," he said.
"Might be this afternoon, you don't get your act together," she said, and did not laugh, as Tony had thought she would.
"Someone slipped some shit into my drink . . ." Barely started saying.
"Could have killed him," Essence added.
"Didn't you read about me in the papers . . . or see it on the news?" Barely asked.
"I ain't had time for either of late . . . that's why I'm here."
Still talking as if Tony hadn't spoken at all, Barely rambled on.
"Like Essence said, someone drugged me good. I was at a party ... a hotel party. I think it was the penthouse. Anyway, I must have wandered out into the hall, and saw my reflection in a window at the end of the corridor."
Tony, listening closely, nodded.
"Anyway," Barely said, "I mustn't of liked what I seen, cause . . . and I don't remember this . . . it's been put together for me by several witnesses. I started running at myself. Well, the me I seen in the window; and I ran through the damn window."
"Jesus!" Tony gasped.
Essence finished the story for Barely. "Yeah, through the window and sixteen floors later he hit the ground."
"You fell sixteen floors?"
Barely grinned at Tony, "And here I is, alive and kickin'."
"Well, you ain't exactly kicking," Essence said, giving him a loving look. "He hit a canvas awning on the way down, second story, I think. Broke his fall, for sure, and his leg. But thank God he's here, the stupid albino --- bast . . ."
"Enough of that," Barely said, "Anyway, it's good to see you again, Tony. What brings you around here anyway?"
"Well, I did have a job offer for you, but seeing's how you're laid up and all, I'm guessing . . . ."
"He can use the money," Essence said, giving Barely's shoulder a sharp poke.
"Yeah, I surely can use the money," Barely said. "What do you need me to do?"
Tony thought quickly, "Still got that digital video camera?"
"Yup."
"Can you use it with the leg that way?"
"He sure can," Essence said, "I can help him carry it around, and all."
"Okay," Tony said. "Let me tell you what I'm up to, and why I need that camera."
Tony brought the couple up to date on what he and Pruett had been doing with the van. Essence thought it wonderfully funny, Barely had serious doubts. Doubts about being able to function in the van, about convincing what had to be mostly white girls to allow a black man to film them fucking one another, and so on.
"What about my brother's place?" Essence asked.
Tony said, "Your brother's place?" echoing her.
"Yeah, he's got a warehouse near that bar . . . shit, help me out here, Barely," she said.
"Um, you mean Hobie's?"
"That's it!" she said excitedly, "Hobie's Place."
Tony nodded, "Hobie's Bar, yeah, that'd be perfect. I mean we could pick the girls up anywhere, bring 'em to the warehouse and shoot all damn day and night, we have too."
"Can you guys start tomorrow?"
"Sure," Essence said. "I'll call my brother and set everything up."
"You be needing lights and all that shit, right, Tony?"
"Right, lights, and shit."
"Um, I hate to be a pest, Tony, but how much are you paying us?" Essence asked.
"I don't know," he replied. And before she could scream at him for wasting their time, he hastily added, "How's 40% after expenses?"
Skeptically, Barely asked, "Forty percent of what?"
"Well, me and Pruett bought the van, and then there's the editing and all . . ."
Barely said, "I can help with that, especially being laid up and all," his tone a bit happier than moments earlier.
"So you're shooting an X-rated movie?" Essence said, also sounding a little mollified.
"Yeah, with average, maybe above average, looking girls. Get them to eat one another, maybe fuck 'em. Least that's the way it's gone down so far."
"They old enough, Tony?" Essence asked.
"Oh, yeah, we get their driver's license on tape before we film anything."
Barely inquired, "What . . . if you don't mind me asking, do you pay them?"
"T-shirts," Tony said, and smiled at Essence. "Want a couple?"
She laughed at him. "I'm not gonna be in any fuck movie."
"I know, I know," Tony said. "I was just asking."
Essence wilted a little. She thought Tony cute, and was anxious to see him humping some white bitches. "I'll take three, give one to a sister I know. She'd suck a cock for it, and love being in a movie, you want her to."
The deal finalized, Tony took his leave, and got back into the Dodge pickup and was soon passing by the sandy beach filled with Spring Break students and their garbage: crushed cans of cheap beer; the condoms or bottles of Nair handed out as promotional gifts by sponsors; and orphaned beach towels, half submerged in the drifting sand as if by ash from a volcano. The smell of beer threatened to overpower the sunshine and sea brine.
A wet T-shirt contest was starting as he accelerated past a long line of portable toilets, one of which was rocking dangerously. Tony was certain some drunken girl was getting laid with her face just above the fetid toilet seat. ________________________________________
Tony smiled and thought to himself, "Now I've seen it all." But he hadn't. Three blocks later he spotted a crowd of about forty people watching something of interest. He parked in a no-parking zone, grabbed his camera, and hurriedly worked his way to the front of the crowd.
There was a couple sitting on a park bench, maybe in their early twenties, the girl was on the boy's lap, and they were making out. In fact they were in the early stages of intense foreplay.
Tony brought the camera to his eye and turned it on just as the boy's hand ventured up the girl's shorts and squeezed her ass. The shorts rode up high and wide, exposing a lot of flesh that was normally covered.
The girl's hands were under his polo shirt, massaging his pectoral muscles.
Tony caught all this, but concentrated on their kissing. Professional porn stars were no match for this torrid couple. They were aggressively frenching each other, mouths open wide, licking and sucking the other's lips and tongues. The guy moved to her neck, and sucked voraciously enough so that Tony was able to record it on camera.
He was wondering what sized hickey would result before the girl moaned. A split-second later the crowd moaned collectively and Tony knew he had a sure fire hit film, no matter what its length. He heard some other guy yell, "Get a room," and everyone all laughed at that, even the two kids. But when the crowd stopped laughing, the couple kept giggling, and looked each other in the eyes, then whispered something to each other. They were both very attractive, and when they smiled at each other, it was electric. Tony couldn't take his eyes off them.
And so he and everyone else looking on, were stunned when the couple stood up and kicked off their shoes. The girl pulled off her tank-top, exposing a marvelously pert pair of tits, with strawberry tipped nipples. Later on, viewing the film, Tony saw that the boy had also removed his polo shirt. But at the moment, he was entranced by the girl's tits.
Fortunately, he had the presence of mind to keep the camera focused on them. Then they both pulled down their shorts -- the girl had elastic running shorts, the guy was in denim cut-offs, neither one wore underwear.
No more than ten seconds had elapsed between the time those two kids stood, to the time they were completely naked. The girl was stunningly cute. She had a beautiful face, possibly Greek, and her long, brown hair was pulled up in one of those scrunchy things, and as she danced out of her clothing, her breasts did a wondrous jiggle.
The guy had a nice build too; in fact, both glowed with a thin layer of sweat. Then she put one hand on his shoulder, and slid the other hand up and down his cock, which was already pretty hard after the groping on the bench. He held her shoulder, and after she spread her legs apart, rimmed her clean shaven pussy lips with his free hand.
When viewing the film later, Tony would groan aloud watching the girl's clit grow hard in a dramatic close-up.
They masturbated one another for several seconds, but seemed like an eternity to the onlookers. The boy sat down on the bench, and holding his hardon with one hand, beckoned the girl to climb on top of it with the other.
She straddled him with her knees on the bench, took the cock in her hand, aimed it at her wet hole, and slid down on it.
A soft sigh ran through the watching crowd. One guy to Tony's left had dialed someone on his cell-phone. Tony head him exclaim, "Holy shit, you won't believe this . . ."
But Tony did believe it. What he couldn't believe was his good luck to be in the right place at the right time.
The girl's eyes were closed when her head snapped back, her free hand grabbed the boy by the back of his neck.
"Go slower!" she told him. But she soon realized that it was impossible for him to contain himself, and so she pushed herself down on his cock faster than she might have liked. She rocked around in a tiny rapid circle, working her way down. Maybe only half-a-minute passed before her slick, sculptured ass was resting against the guy's thighs.
"Oh, God," she cried.
Tony felt a hand on his cock and almost dropped the camera. A fortyish red-haired woman was groping him shamelessly. He could smell her arousal, and smiled at her.
"Be my guest," he said, and resumed filming the couple, not caring if she made him cum in his pants. 'Hell,' he told himself, 'if she doesn't, the girl will.'
Another woman in the crowd had a different idea. Tony heard her calling the police. He prepared himself for an early flight, calculating his escape route even as he filmed the fornicating couple on the bench.
'Had the kids heard her?' Tony wondered and then dismissed the thought, for they seemed oblivious to everything but their marvelous fuck.
Truth be told, the girl was getting the shit fucked out of her, bouncing upon his pole like she was attached to an elastic bungee cord. When she came, everyone within a two block radius knew it. First she started breathing fast, panting like a staving dog with his food dish just out of reach. Then she tossed that sweaty throat back and howled.
Tony was about to shut the camera off, but something in her eyes told him not to. Somehow, she captured some air in her lungs, and went back to riding his dick.
Maybe four minutes had elapsed since they stood up and shed their clothing. The young man renewed his humping, and soon they were in rhythm again, as he lifted her off his lap with a rapid, slapping motion. The girl seeming to leap from his lap as though getting an electric shock, and quite possibly she was.
Tony heard the siren in the distance and prayed that the couple would hurry and finish. He also decided to remain in place. He wasn't fornicating, they were. If anyone got arrested, it wouldn't be him.
The boy, hearing the approaching siren, laughed, but it was a grunt as well as a laugh. "Fuck me, harder!" the girl yelled, and he did.
Tony moaned as the woman next to him gave him that one last squeeze and brought him off. "Okay, lady," he said, "You got me off, now let go of my dick . . . please."
With a decided reluctance, she did. Tony refocused on the couple, capturing forever the sweat flying off the girl's back as she flexed her magnificent thighs and pushed upward, riding her man as well as any cowboy ever rode his mare.
"Gonna cum!" her loverboy croaked. "Yeah!" she responded immediately. And a second later, "Now! Now! Now!"
The lean young man went into a rapid fuck mode, and three seconds later it was apparent to all those observing this memorable event that both kids were getting off big time. He froze under the girl, but she sure didn't. She shivered and shook, and moaned and clenched him tight, as they shared bodily fluids with one another.
Tony pulled the lens back, trying to capture both the couple and at least part of the crowd. The girl stood up on shaky legs, reached for her tank top on the ground under the bench, then whipped it up over her head and down onto her sweaty frame. She yanked up her shorts, and stepped into her sneakers without unlacing them.
Meanwhile, the guy had gotten up and picked up his polo-shirt, and put it on while his feet found his shoes. He stood up in the shoes, his dick still hard, a long sliver of cum drooling from the tip, breaking it off as he slipped his feet through the cut-offs.
'It's a perfect ending,' Tony told himself. Then he heard the woman next to him breathing hotly in his ear.
"Will you please take me somewhere and fuck my brains out? I've been coming like crazy watching them, and squeezing your prick. Did you really cum? Did I really make you?"
For the first time he really looked at her. He was still sporting an erection. He said, "That's my pickup over there. Walk over there, and I'll be with you as soon as I finish filming these kids."
Without another word, the woman turned and headed for the Dodge pickup. He refocused on the two kids as they started running hand-in-hand toward the beach. Tony followed them with the camera about a block, and then faded to black. He turned toward the pickup just as the squad car pulled up.
The crowd disintegrated, except for the woman who had made the call. "Where are they, lady?" the first officer asked.
Tony saw the woman waiting, nervously tapping her right foot. "Well, they're gone now, dammit. What took you so long?"
The cop looked up at the sky as if to ask for forgiveness at missing what might have been a most pleasant diversion from rounding up drunks, and cleaning their puke up after arresting them.
Tony approached the woman standing next to his pickup, and asked, "Still open?"
"Christ, I've never been more open," she replied. "I'm as wet as if I'd jumped in the fucking ocean. Will it be your place or mine?"
"Yours," Tony said. Then he added, "Hey, you got a DVD player?"
________________________________________
Tony and the red-headed woman had arrived at her little cottage with a nice ocean view, and sat down on the living room sofa. They kissed for the first time, and she moaned deep into his mouth, and then began nipping at his lips with her small, white teeth.
"I never got your name," Tony said after a prolonged kiss finally ended.
"Lucille . . . Lucille DaVino," she said breathing heavily. "There's no husband to worry about. I'm divorced . . . four years now."
"That's good," he replied.
"You married?"
"No. Never been married," he told her, and Lucille believed him.
Maintaining eye contact with her, Tony slowly moved his hand under the hem of her skirt.
"I don't believe I've ever met a woman who was as wet as you," he told her.
"I been thinking about someone like you for almost seven years now," Lucille said in answer.
"Seven years? I thought . . ."
"The marriage, if you wanna call it a marriage wasn't very satisfying."
"Oh."
"Oh is right. And seeing that couple screwing their brains out . . . it just made me go a little nutso, understand?"
"Yeah, I think I do," he replied.
Lucille moaned wantonly as his fingers glided slowly over her juice covered cunt. Tony pressed his palm firmly over her sex and caused Lucille to cry out, "OH, YES!"
Her face was a grimace of arousal. She was breathing heavily, and licked her lips as he sank two fingers into her wetness. His thumb lightly caressed her engorged clit and she shuddered.
He grinned at her, pressed the edge of his hand into the furrow of her crotch. "You are soooo wet," he told her.
"Mmmm!" she replied, and sobbed from the stimulus of it all. Her eyelids fluttered, and then remained shut.
Tony felt the muscles of her well oiled, velvet cunt squeeze down on his fingers as she tilted her pelvis forward to meet them. She muttered a long drawn out expletive, and drew in a deep breath through her nose.
"AH, AH, AHHH, SHIT! KEEP IT THERE! KEEP IT THERE!"
He watched her tremble, and leaned in closer to her face. He tapped her clit, heard her moan loudly in response and then dropped her forehead onto his shoulder, pressed her breast into him.
"FUUUCK! OH! she coughed out as her hips spasmed.
"Cum for me, Lucille," Tony whispered coaxingly in her ear. "C'mon, cum for me," and gently bit the pink lobe, earring and all.
Her hips bucked violently against his hand, and she fell into a series of deep orgasmic spasms, while her hand searched out his cock that was bumping his belly.
"Fuuuck! Put it in! Put it in!" she squawked, closing her surprisingly cool fingers around his shaft and squeezing hard.
A growl came from the back of his throat, and he turned his face to hers and kissed her sloppily as she jerked him off. He permitted this for some twenty seconds, and then made her stop.
"Rub your cunt against me," he said.
She quickly complied, humming her appreciation for his direction in his ear. Lucille ground her cunt against his cock, then Tony forced his knee between her legs and she ground down on that, still humming happily. He reached behind her and taking her ass cheeks in either hand, squeezed them in turn, as she continued to hump his knee.
"I think . . . I think I'm gonna squirt," she called out in warning.
"Oh, Christ, Tony . . ." she started to say, gulping air into her lungs. "I'm gonna! I'm gonna!"
She did squirt. He pulled his hand away and shoved his face directly in front of her cunt and caught the second line of her juice as it spewed forth, right into his opened mouth.
He thought it was as if she were pissing into his mouth. But somehow he knew this wasn't her urine, but her love-juice and he happily swallowed as much of it as he could, savoring every drop.
When Lucille finished, he kissed her. Her mouth was soft, her tongue pliable, and they exchanged her juices back and forth until they were totally mixed with their combined saliva.
Laughing, they looked at one another's face. Each was smeared with her juices, and she took a deep breath and said, "You ain't even fucked me yet; I never felt like this before . . . never. So help me God."
Lucille began kissing his neck, using her upper teeth to scrape across the more sensitive areas of his neck. She left two hickeys on his throat, and moments later, he returned the favor.
"Fuck me," she said pleadingly.
Tony nodded, but kneeled between her legs, spreading them wide, and then his chin was pressed firmly against her anus, while his mouth covered her cunt with kisses. She held him there, with both hands behind his head, whimpering, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," in a mantra of lust. But Tony wanted nothing more at the moment than to make a pig of himself in her sodden snatch.
Lucille screamed out her pleasure as his tongue caressed her clit, practically heaving his head away as she tried to press his tongue further into her.
Tony was half crazed with the taste and scent of her. Her juice was thick and sweet, very similar to honey, with an earthy tanginess. Lucille lolled lewdly before him, having opened herself as much as possible to allow him to delve into her. Her mewling cries and rapid panting served to make Tony even wilder and more experimental than he ever thought he could be.
Lucille had one hand under her bra, pinching the nipple. She was sobbing with exertion, for another gigantic climax was enroute.
Tony imagined himself pushing his entire head into her cunt, and in fact was compelled to breathe deeply through his mouth because his nose was immersed in the pools of juice being expelled from her snatch, and on doing so, found the fluids dribbling down his throat almost faster than he could swallow. She moaned with distress as he pulled his mouth away long enough to gasp a lungful of air, and moaned again, this time with a lilt of happiness as he returned and spread her pussy lips before resuming his feast on her cunt.
For every lick and kiss he bestowed, Lucille shrieked with lusty sensitivity, and her head flopped about in a sexual daze. Wanting to add to her sensual delight, Tony sent his index finger into the puckered rose of her ass. There was plenty of saliva and cunt juice to provide the necessary lubrication. Lucille responded by humping back at his finger until it was almost fully within her anus.
Tony wiggled both the finger and his tongue, still lodged in her cunt and the stimulus of both actions brought her orgasm to a boil. Lucille shuddered and came, and kept on coming. Tony was forced to hold on with both arms to avoid serious damage to his neck and head.
A minute and a half passed before Lucille finished coming, and after taking a huge gulp of air, sighed, "Fuck . . . that was sooo good."
"You're welcome," Tony replied, and Lucille giggled inanely.
"You . . ." she stammered, "you haven't fucked me."
"Are you accusing me of something?" he said, and laughed along with her.
His cock was in the midst of a very painful erection. His slacks were stained a dark hue from the combination of new pre-cum, and the ejaculate he had released when Lucille had jerked him off while watching the young couple fucking on the bench.
Lucille took his cock out of its confinement and studied it worshipfully.
"You've a lovely one, you know?"
"It makes me happy," he said.
"I hope it makes me happy too."
"I have a feeling it will," he said, smiling at her.
She leaned forward and took it into her mouth, then removed it and looked at it again.
"I want to suck it, but I want you to fuck me with it first."
"We can do both; I've got all day. But what about you? Expecting any company soon, or do you have to be anywhere?"
"I plan on making myself available to you for the foreseeable future. I told you, I haven't had a good fuck in a couple years. There won't be any interruptions, I promise," she said, and shifted forward on her knees, then lifted herself over his glistening erection, and holding him carefully at the base of his shaft, slowly impaled herself on his member.
They kissed again as her tight pussy clenched around his thick cock.
"Jesus," he gasped.
"What?"
"I can't believe the heat your cunt is giving off."
She laughed. "Well, you've certainly made me hot, lover."
Tony wanted to slam his cock into her, but had the presence of mind to allow Lucille to enjoy the exquisite sensation as he delved into her at her desired pace. Tony watched in awe as he slowly disappeared into her.
Lucille's face was wreathed in a huge smile, and she tried to get his face into her hungry mouth. He felt her tongue enter his nostril, and then his mouth, searching his gums, and then behind and in front of his teeth. She even set him to blinking furiously by using her tongue to swipe wetly across his left eyeball.
And her cunt, her magnificent cunt, pummeled his cock with wave after wave of exquisite constrictions using her cuntal muscles, while he could only swipe at her engorged nipples, still encased in her bra.
"Oh, oh, I love the feel of you inside me," she murmured. "C'mon, Tony, fuck me now, give it to me. Let me feel the splash of your cum in my cunt."
She began to roll her hips onto him, and he could feel the suction actually pulling his cock into her.
She began to yell, "Come on, baby. Come on and ride the tiger!"
Tony felt her shudder, knew she was in the midst of an orgasm, but she kept calling out for him to come inside her.
He was slightly off target with regard to Lucille's orgasm. It was not one, but three climaxes that she had enjoyed since he entered her. And although she was looking for several more, she really wanted to feel his jizm caress her vaginal walls.
Tony groaned, and this told her that he was on the verge of coming. Actually, he was having difficulty focusing on the goings on, having grown somewhat hazy from the strain of hold off on his climax.
"Cum with me," he gasped, and she broke out into a fit of obscene laughter.
"I've been cumming ever since you stuck your tool in me," she informed him. And to emphasize the point, she pushed down hard onto his pubic bone, and then ran her pink tongue over his right nipple before nipping at it.
The shock of light pain in his nipple served as the catalyst in making him cum. A veritable geyser erupted from his cock. Lucille's cunt tightened its grip upon him enough to allow Tony to actually feel the turbulence caused by his ejaculation against the walls of her cunt.
After he finished coming, they remained still, content to hold one another, letting the thrilling sensations wash over them.
"Whew!" Lucille said, breaking the silence.
"Yeah, right," Tony added a moment later. His deflated cock lolled against his thigh. The sofa cushions were ruined, with dark stains from his semen and her juices readily apparent, and unlikely to respond to the finest of cleaning solvents or solutions.
"Sorry about the stains," he said, and meant it.
"Fuck 'em," she responded. "It was worth the price of a new sofa any day of the week."
"Well . . ." Tony said, "wanna watch the tape of that couple?"
"Yes! Yes, by all means. Hey, let me make us a drink while you set things up. The . . . err . . . TV stuff is inside that cabinet," she said and pointed across the room.
________________________________________
Meanwhile, on the other side of town, Sue Ann Bromley was canvassing bars, fast food stores, and other places she thought she might encounter Pruett, with little success until she ran into Trudy, a frequent customer at Hobie's, who was also pissed off at Pruett for one reason or another.
"Pruett?" Trudy said, "That son-of-a-bitch is going around trying to lure every Spring Breaker in sight into his goddamn van."
"What?" said Sue Ann. "He don't have a van."
"Him and Tony come by one," Trudy told her. "Don't know where they got the money, but they got this van, painted it up so it says "Girls Gone Wild" on it, and they're handing out T-shirts to any girl show's 'em her tits."
"The fuck you say!" Sue Ann gasped, incredulous at the thought. "Got any idea where I can find him and his van?"
"Him and Tony been operating around the beach, and some bars right off the beach. Couldn't say exactly where though," Trudy told her, with a grievous expression on her face.
"Well, thanks, Trudy. I'll keep on looking for him."
"This about that phony call he made, pretending to be the state police?"
"Yeah, it is."
"You didn't get fired or anything did you?"
"No, but it came close. I want to wring the bastard's neck, fucking with me like that."
"Well, if it means anything, the call got him all kinds of excited," Trudy told her.
"Huh? How so?"
"He wanted a little action from me right after the call."
"That bastard," Sue Ann growled. She considered what she'd just heard, and said, "You're lucky, Trudy. That bastard would fuck a snake if he could."
"Oh," Trudy said, a light-bulb having gone off in her head. "You turned him down, huh?"
"How'd you figure . . ." Sue Ann started to say, but paused. "Oh, right. There had to be a reason for the phone call. Well, duh."
Both women laughed at that. Then Trudy said, "If I see him anywhere's I'll call you. Lemme have your cell number, sweetie."
They exchanged numbers and went off in opposite directions.
________________________________________
Left to his own devices, Pruett stopped into Stark Raving Crazy's, and after ordering his second beer, happened to meet Stark Reagan, a former All-American linebacker at Florida State, and Super Bowl star with the Pittsburg Steelers. Stark was the owner of a huge bar where over a thousand Spring Breakers gathered nightly to celebrate their wild fling over the break from school.
After a few minutes conversation, Pruett and Stark went outside to look at the Girls Gone Wild van. Visibly impressed Stark made Pruett an offer he couldn't refuse -- bring the cameras into his place Friday night, and film away.
"I tell ya it can't miss," said Stark. "We're having a wet T-shirt contest, and who knows how crazy things will get with your girls gone crazy crew in the house."
"Um, it's Girls Gone Wild. Um, the name on the van and all," Pruett said, feeling somewhat intimidated by the bulk of the former All-American next to him.
"Yeah, yeah," Stark said as if Pruett had not uttered a word. What Stark Reagan was thinking, but not saying, was that it would be his place in the film when it was released, and not any of his competitors. If the movie was even half-way successful, the kids would be breaking down the doors to Stark Raving Crazy's next year.
"So, Pruett, how much money do you need to finance this film?"
Pruett swallowed, and said, "I don't rightly know just yet. "So far expenses have been low, you know, the van and some equipment to do the videos and such."
"But you will need some money, right?"
"Oh, yeah, me and Tony will be needing some cash . . . for editing and making copies of the tapes and the like."
"How much?"
"Um, I ain't sure. I better discuss that with my partner before saying. Is that all right with you?"
"Sure. But let me know soon. Anyway can I count on you to be here Friday night?"
"Um, yeah, why not?"
"Reason I ask is I wanna advertise you a little. You know, draw in a few more customers."
"Um, Stark?"
"Yeah?"
"We, um, get a few girls wanna be cooperative, and all, we plan on taking 'em out into the van, film them fuckin' and suckin', ya know?"
"I got no problem with that, so long's as it's not on the premises. Don't wanna break the fucking law, you know?"
Pruett had a couple more beers, on the house, of course, Stark not wanting Pruett to think he was cheap. Then Pruett wandered out to the van and drove off, anxious to tell Tony about their big break.
________________________________________
Tony pulled his steamy prick from Lucille's pussy, and fed it to her open mouth, as she squirmed into a position that would enable her to take most of him deep into her throat.
"Do you like the taste of yourself?" he asked mischievously.
"It ain't the first time," she replied.
"Oh, want to tell me about it?"
Removing him from between her lips, she smiled naughtily and said, "Not particularly."
"You just going to leave me hanging there?" he asked, feigning peevishness. Lucille laughed in his face, then gobbled his cock back into her mouth and, after spitting him back out for a moment, told him, "I'm not leaving this fine cock hanging anywhere but in my throat. You don't like it, grab your hat and get out."
"I don't have a hat," he said, knowing it was the weakest of rejoinders, then losing interest in the mini debate as her tongue did things he had thought impossible.
A moment later, Lucille let him drop from her mouth, but held him firmly around the base of his cock, like a microphone.
"You asked if I liked how I taste. I could care less about that. But your taste is another matter."
"Huh?" was the best line Tony could come up with, and he knew then that any discussion would be led by Lucille and not him.
She held her tongue under the crown of his cock, and rested her teeth lightly on top. "You, my fine, fucking friend, have just the right flavor as far as I'm concerned."
"Good," he managed to say before Lucille swirled her magical tongue around the crown several times in succession, and made him cum again. She allowed his seed to dribble slowly from the left side of her mouth after sitting back in an upright position.
"Want some?" she asked impishly, and lewdly extended her tongue to him revealing a pool of milky white cum. To her surprise, Tony accepted her offering, and they passed several gobs back and forth until it all but dissolved in the commingled saliva.
Lucile was the first to speak afterward. "Christ, those kids really went at it, didn't they?" She was referring to the two kids Tony had filmed fucking in public.
"I should make a lot of money from this tape," he told her.
"The whole world will want to see it," Lucille said in agreement. "It's pure voyeurism, I mean, it's the chance of a lifetime to see something that erotic. Maybe you see a couple making out in public, and that's a fantastic turn-on. But this . . . this is unbelievable. They know they're being watched. They didn't care. Just went on about their business. Jesus, I'm getting hot again just thinking about it. Can we see the tape again?"
To be continued...