Tuesday, October 19
She drove home to get her breast pump so she could drain herself in between the four classes she had that day. She knew it would be a test of willpower to focus, as Wednesdays were typically her hardest days. Unfortunately, sexual encounters with both Kim and Derek were fresh on her mind. It was warm today, but she was really looking for something that wouldn't be so obvious she wasn't wearing a bra, so she threw on a somewhat thin marigold-colored sweater and black leggings, stuffing paper towels in her purse for when she inevitably sprung a leak. She would shop for bigger bras afterwards. It was time to get back on track with her classes, and she was prepared.
She had a sudden realization when opened her chatroom app and remembered her post she'd made last week, the night before the ill-fated psychology test. She saw several mentions as well as dozens of reactions, responses, and friend requests. Her loins felt hot once more as she read through the responses to her laying on her back, filled and covered with cum.
"Oh shit"
"is that you"
"Name?"
"Damn, pregnancy was good to you"
"how many guys came on you"
Most of the DM requests were a sea of "hey"s and "hru"s with other unsavory messages peppered in. She decided not to respond to any of them, and just posted the picture Derek had taken last night. In the picture, her hair was messed up, hands cuffed to the bedframe, and her right cheek was pressed against the mattress, eyes closed, passed out in postcoital rest, the corner of her ruby lips curled up ever-so-slightly in a smile. The picture was from Derek's perspective, and you could see part of his stomach, with the majority of his cock buried into her, Charlotte on her elbows and knees. The most obvious part, however, was the gargantuan load he'd shot into her, to say the least. Her belly had stretched so far it had reached the bed, with the sides of it visible around her back. About three feet in diameter, she guessed. Charlotte was dripping wet as she posted it, with one simple accompanying message.
"Yes, this is me."
She realized how horny she was getting and rushed into the bathroom and splashed cold water on her face. Damn, I look good, she thought. Her face was practically glowing, and her lips looked full and firm, even more than usual. Her sweater hugged her breasts, the size of overfilled grapefruits. It was 11:52, and it took her at least 10 minutes to get to class, depending on the bus schedule. She knew she could get off quickly and it would help her focus better, so she pulled the breast pump out of her purse and slipped it on under her sweater and laid down. It was much harder without her vibrator, so she pulled up the picture of her and Derek she'd posted into the chatroom and began to respond to comments, explaining to incredulous users that it was real. She didn't blame them for not believing. She felt the warm sensation in her chest that always heralded milk production as she chatted with people who were looking at her compromised state.
She checked the time. It was 12:05. Shoot. She had to leave now. But people kept commenting, and she kept responding. The milk cups were getting full, too. She was getting so close to orgasm, but she didn't want to deal with them spilling all over her bed. Impulsively, she pulled them off, opened the emptying port, and drank one, reattaching it to her nipple, doing the same for the other. It was about 10 ounces of milk -- a fraction of what Kim had drank earlier. She'd tasted it before, but never actually drank any significant amount of it. It was warm. Sweet. Creamy. Rich. It tasted great. It felt great.
The growth was subtle, but she felt the slow build of pressure in her shorts. Her pelvis rose slightly off the bed as her butt plumped up, and her thighs pressed against the fabric of her leggings ever-so-slightly more, maybe an inch bigger in diameter. Her pussy throbbed harder. This is impossible, she thought to herself, to be growing by the second. It was no wonder Kim reacted the way she did.
She held her breath to still the movement of her chest, holding perfectly still, and she saw her breasts rising steadily like water balloons under the almond-shaped pump cups. It took a minute or so as she massaged her clit with her hand, but they were about 20% bigger than the largest they'd been earlier, and the surging milk only made them swell more. Without thinking, she got up and went to the fridge, opened the mason jar of milk and downed it. Just a little bit more to catch up to Kim, she thought to herself, smiling. She couldn't help but feel she was playing with fire.
She went to the bathroom, lifted up her sweater and exposed her chest, snapping a few selfies as her breasts settled at their new size: an inch or so larger than they'd been moments prior. She included most of her body, but cropped out everything above her lips. Unlike Kim, her stomach stayed as flat as a board, giving her quite the exaggerated hourglass look. She posted the cutest one to the chatroom and accompanied it with a message.
"Anyone want to see more?"
Immediately more messages began to flood in.
"Those are some yummy tits"
"Lactating too? You're literally perfect"
"I want to see more of that ass"
"I want videos."
"Get your boyfriend and make another belly photoshop"
"I don't even care if your tits are fake, you're hot as hell. Can I message you?"
Charlotte bit her lip. She was used to people staring since she maintained a good figure, and she had always figured some of it was probably sexually-motivated. But here she was, not only loving it, but encouraging it. She wondered how many people in public would think she had implants, given her impossible figure. And she hated that that turned her on even more -- that people would think she's such a horny, self-objectifying girl that she'd get huge silicone boobs and show off to guys.
Not wanting to disappoint anyone, she turned around and took a photo of her butt in the mirror. Looking at it, she was shocked that the photo she'd just taken was her own body. Her ass had gotten not just thick, but certifiably fat. Her hips were wider, giving her the figure that could pull off a Jessica Rabbit cosplay (with even thicker thighs, to boot) with just the addition of a sparkly dress. Despite her shorts being made of stretchy denim, you could tell from the picture how tight they were. There was not a single wrinkle on the fabric, and her thighs bulged out around the hem. She was afraid they'd go the way of Kim's if she got much bigger -- and these were her loosest pair.
She posted this photo, then headed back to her bedroom to take care of herself finally. Or at least, she tried, stopping on the couch from the stiffness of her shorts. Was she really still growing? She took small steps to her seat and flopped onto her back on the couch, attempting to shove her hand down her panties again, but her shorts were so tight, she wasn't able to make it work comfortably.
She tried to take off her shorts, but she pushed with all her might and it just pulled against her swelling cheeks and hips. A moment of indecision -- she was going to have to cut herself out of these shorts if she couldn't slide them off. But why, oh why, did that make her so turned on? She pulled up her yellow sweater and grabbed both of her tits. A stream of milk covered her stomach. She rubbed her thighs together, feeling both her shorts and panties press into her drenched groin. The pleasure was indescribable. She tried to rub her clit through the denim, but the fabric was too thick. It felt good, but it wasn't enough. She was so close to orgasm. She wasn't sure why she was still growing and certainly didn't care. She was going to turn heads everywhere she went and do whatever she wanted with her body. The denim was compressing her so much that it hurt, and her legs started to fall asleep. As her breathing intensified, she grabbed her heavy tits and pushed them together resulting in a fountain of milk. She heard individual strands breaking as her backside got heavier, the couch creaking slightly underneath her. She rubbed her plush thighs together and moaned. She tilted her head back, squeezing her tits more, feeling the flesh rise between her fingers. She moaned more, finally, finally climaxing. Her orgasmic scream was loud enough to wake the dead. Her shorts burst open straight down the middle of the back, as her butt made one final surge of growth, leaving her panting and soaked in milk on the couch, most of her flesh finally free from its cerulean prison. She could barely even think, her mind dulled by the throes of ecstasy.
As the masturbatory brain fog lifted, she checked the time.12:45. She'd missed her first class. She broke out into a cold sweat. She needed to hurry, but as her thoughts returned to her, she realized in disappointment that none of her shorts would fit her anymore. She panicked. Shame and anxiety began to fill her brain as she felt herself break out into a hot sweat. Her brain had been on autopilot, and she felt like she couldn't control her urges. How much bigger was she going to get if she was at the whim of every horny impulse that came her way? It had taken half a day, and she was already colossal by most reasonable standards. She thought of what her family might think the next time they saw her, and she shuddered.
But she absolutely had to make it to class. She was behind enough, and she didn't want to be on Professor Williams's bad side after her awkwardly sexual outburst in class last week, especially if she bombed the upcoming business law test like she did the psychology test.
Acting quickly, she grabbed some scissors and carefully cut the shreds of shorts away from her body, which had appeared to stop growing after she orgasmed, and plucked the soaked panties out of her thighs. She found a new pair of white ones and slipped them on, her cheeks engulfing the fabric that used to provide moderate coverage. She grabbed the first skirt that vaguely matched her deep yellow sweater -- a black pleated one -- and threw it on with some black flats and put her hair in a flirty high ponytail. Her sweater still had some milk spots on it, but they'd dry by the time she got to class. She headed to the bus stop in a hurry, feeling her thicker body jiggle with every hastened step.
As the bus arrived, she saw her reflection in the side of the bus, and her jaw dropped. She hadn't looked at herself in the mirror on the way out. I look like an advertisement for a slutty schoolgirl costume, she thought to herself. Her skirt now fit her significantly less modestly due to her fattened rear, and it wouldn't take much bending over to flash her butt to passers-by. Not to mention her sweater-melons that balanced out the look. Whatever, she thought, class is important right now, and I'm going to get there on time, even if I have to flash the entire campus. The bus was crowded, of course, and she had to walk almost all the way back just to have a place to stand.
As the old rickety bus made its way to the lecture hall, she could practically feel each piece of gravel the bus drove over, each one making a show to the other passengers of Charlotte's lack of bra. Nearly everyone on the bus tried to make covert glances at her, some of them seemingly smelling the air where she'd walked, and others around her standing uncomfortably close. Calm yourself, she thought to herself. Class is what's important. There was a blond haired, blue eyed boy who clearly went to the gym at least five times a week who was making eyes at her a few feet away, sitting down. Not flirty eyes, but an intense, wanting look. He inhaled deeply and exhaled, looking her up and down, then away, exercising an impressive display of willpower.
Charlotte pushed the thought of blowing him on the bus out of her mind. She pushed the thought of pulling his athletic shorts down and sitting on his dick this very moment out of her mind. Taking him to a broom closet and having him manhandle her swollen tits without even learning his name wasn't going to be conducive to her studies. She pinched her arm, trying to ground herself in the moment and change her brain to another track. She'd completely missed Economics and would have to see if the lecture was posted online. There were three classes left today: Calculus, Psychology, and Business law. In a stroke of fate that favored her studies, she got off the bus, and he stayed on, but not without the two of them sharing a moment of sexually-charged eye contact as she walked past. Her stranger-danger instincts allowed her to push him out of her mind and continue to her class, bridling her focus.
A few minutes late to class, she opened the door to her Business Calc class. It was a small auditorium of about 150 seats of the kind with desks that flip up from a gap between them, with stairs straight up the middle. The class was mostly packed, but she was thankful there was a seat at the very back. She preferred whatever privacy she could get right now.
Professor Hilbert, a pale, gaunt man with dark hair and an authoritative look, paused his lecture as she stepped in, and all eyes turned to her. A few of the students turned to exchange glances, possibly wondering if everyone else had seen what they were seeing. The tenured professor stopped to recover his train of thought, and looked at a loss for words for the first time she'd ever witnessed. Charlotte hurried up the stairs, face turning beet red, holding her purse behind her generous butt as she ascended the stair. With every step, she was painfully aware of how much more woman she was hefting up the steps. She squeezed past several students and settled into a seat near the wall in the back corner of the auditorium, a couple spots away from a stereotypically nerdy-looking boy whose gaze dared not go any direction except straight forward. She saw some heads not-so-subtly glance backwards and some fragments of whispers.
"...how can she..."
"...implants? Last week, she..."
"...like a stripper..."
She paid them no mind and pulled out her notebook and pen, face still beet red. Professor Hilbert recovered as if nothing happened, the pinkness in his cheeks fading rapidly, and Charlotte began to write. It felt like she hadn't studied a sentence in forever. She found her attention wandering as she mindlessly copied the formulas onto paper.
"...the equilibrium price is found at the intersection of the supply and demand curves..." he went on.
"Curves," her brain repeated. "Supply and demand curves..."
No, she pinched her inner arm, wrenching her focus back to the whiteboard and catching up on what had been written already. She felt her nerves begin to relax. She could do this. She would have a hell of a time catching up on the studies she'd procrastinated during her bisexual sex-crazed romps with Derek and Kim, but she'd managed to be a star student for many years. This shouldn't be any different, right?
"Demand curves..."
Gosh darn it, brain, I told you to stop, she nearly said out loud. She continued this back and forth, not processing any of the lecture, but at least getting it on paper. When the clock hit 12:50, she found herself a hair's breadth away from masturbating in the corner of the classroom just to clear her mind. She waited for some of her peers to clear out of the room, many of them side-eyeing her on their way out before she got up, nearly falling over from her unfamiliar center of balance. She hurriedly headed down the steps, her plump, firm thighs wobbling under her black skirt with each step. She had to make it to the bathroom to...
She'd forgotten her pump. She wasn't exactly going to be able to milk herself into the sink with the number of people that go in and out of the bathroom. She was going to have to make it to psychology and hope the shame of her failed test would distract her from her supercharged libido. And for the most part, it did. After finding her seat in a slightly-less crowded lecture hall, she got her test back, and it was about as bad as she'd expected -- a 52%. By the end of class, she began to let her guard down to her libido, and had let her mind wander to last week when she'd failed the test. She remembered her first time with Kim, and how talented her tongue was, as she began to daydream about her nipples being sucked on. How blissful it was that she could nearly cum just from that alone. How perfect, to have someone who understood her so well, to satisfy her so perfectly and completely...
And just as her hand was about to wander between her legs in the middle of Psychology class, her phone buzzed. It was from Kim.
[1:31] Kim: Earlier was hot AF
[1:32] Charlotte: I know. I can't stop thinking about it. It's driving me crazy. I can't focus.
[1:32] Kim: My tiddies are
[1:32] Kim: So
[1:32] Kim: freaking
[1:33] Kim: huge
She felt her crotch begin to drip, a small pool of her juices forming on the plastic seat. No, no, no, no, she thought to herself. Class isn't over yet and she had been doing so well. She began to type, but Kim had apparently read her mind and sent her a picture of herself, apparently naked in bed. It was her upper body, and she had one of her giant, pillowy breasts grasped in one hand, the soft flesh bulging between each of her dainty fingers. She was sucking on her own nipple, and making eye contact with the camera. Charlotte's heart skipped a beat. Her breasts began to ache. They needed to be drained, badly. She'd been on the verge of being horny for the past two hours, which certainly didn't help, and they were slowly growing, though not nearly as quickly as when she'd drank her own milk. When she regained her composure, she responded
[1:35] Charlotte: You can't just do that
[1:35] Charlotte: I skipped a class and got a lot bigger
[1:35] Charlotte: I'm growing whenever I get horny now too.
[1:35] Charlotte: I hate that I love it but I have to stop
[1:36] Kim: You're bigger?
[1:36] Kim: How much bigger
Charlotte snapped a covert selfie. She'd been able to snag a back row seat in this class too, but she had girls on both sides of her that had been sneaking glances at her constantly.
[1:37] Kim: Haha, dang you are huge
[1:37] Kim: You're leaking
[1:37] Kim: Did you even know? lol
She put her hand on the soft yellow fabric on the front of her sweater, and she felt like an idiot. Of course she was leaking, but she couldn't see it because of how massive her achingly full bust had gotten. She'd officially reached the "cantaloupe" milestone a few minutes ago. They were impossible to ignore while she was writing in her notebook, being constantly in her periphery, and they prevented her from hiding her phone in her lap, as they completely blocked the view of her own legs. She glanced over to the girl to her side to see if she'd been noticed. A somewhat tall, skinny blonde with hair in big curls that went to the middle of her back -- she was fairly sure her name was Kate, a freshman. People seemed to have a habit of wearing a pained expression and looking straight forward, artificially focused on the lecture, whenever they were seated next to Charlotte. She sensed an awkward tension, as if the girl were both turned on and intimidated.
[1:38] Charlotte: No, but I do now
[1:39] Charlotte: I can feel them growing still, probably from the milk. I forgot my pump today and I still have another class to go.
[1:39] Kim: you're trying to catch up to me you jerk
[1:39] Charlotte: I swear I'm not -- getting this big was an accident.
[1:39] Kim: I'd help you drain them if I were on campus right now
[1:40] Charlotte: Ugh. Don't make me any hornier than I already am
[1:41] Kim: But it's fun... <3
There was no way she was going to focus on the remaining ten minutes of the lecture. Charlotte stirred in her seat. Her hand creeped down to between her soft legs, and she could feel the slickness of her thighs. She had to get out. She had to stop. She was so horny. She--
"Are you okay, Charlotte?" Kate asked, genuinely concerned, her voice barely above a whisper. Her voice was smooth and inviting. Her eyes looked about 15 degrees from the board, not daring to stare directly at her.
"I'm... not." Charlotte squeaked out honestly, with an edge of desperation. She shoved her papers into her bag and got up, leaving, despite there being almost 10 minutes of class left. She didn't care that she'd be a spectacle. She was going to drown in a puddle of milk and pussy juices if she didn't leave. Her thighs almost trapped her in her seat, but she got up and squeaked past Kate. Her heaving chest bounced as she carefully but quickly headed down the stairs, out the class. The professor pretended he didn't notice, but went silent, and a dull roar erupted in the classroom as people commented on the human sex doll walking out mid-class. She could feel milk streaming out and soaking her yellow sweater as she speed-walked to the nearest bathroom door. She flung it open and realized it was a broom closet. She shut the door and leaned against the wall in the dim light, kicking a mop bucket out of the way. She pulled up her sweater and brought her left breast to her mouth, desperate to relieve the pressure of the milk.
"Charlotte?" A voice came from just outside. Kate had followed her. "Are you okay?"
She should have stayed silent, but responded instinctively. "Y-yeah, I'm fine," she said in a quavering voice, her breasts on fire with how much they needed to be milked.
"Are you sure you don't need help?" She asked in the sweetest voice. "I noticed that you were, uh..." She cracked the closet door so they could hear each other but didn't look inside.
"I... don't know." Charlotte froze, and her loins throbbed. She was mortified that she'd been caught in such a predicament due to her lack of planning. She didn't have time to decide. If someone saw her shouting through a broom closet door, they might crowd. Kate opened the door more and her eyes widened at bare chest. Charlotte didn't want to waste any more time, and she pulled the doe-eyed Kate inside by the wrist, shutting the door and locking it.
Kate was wearing black leggings and a pale pink sorority tank top. She was nearly flat-chested with no bra, and a natural blonde with fair skin, she stood speechless, just ogling Charlotte's body, mouth attempting to form words but nothing coming out. She took a shaky step forward and kneeled, her mouth level with Charlotte's nipples.
"You really want to...?" Charlotte whispered, boobs feeling ready to burst..
Kate nodded, looking up with irresistibly adorable brown eyes that seemed drunk with lust.
"I am not sure if this is contag-- oh my god..." she stopped her thought as Kate's tongue licked her right nipple, milk streaming out onto her face. She wasn't sure if she'd heard what Charlotte was trying to say, but there was no way she could get any more words out once Kate started sucking her milk out.
Charlotte's knees weakened as she leaned back against the door, her butt pressing slightly more with every passing second. She was growing because she'd let herself get pent up for so long. Her right hand rested on the back of Kate's head as she eagerly relieved the pressure. The edges of her vision went black as her left hand automatically went to her clit. She ran her fingers through Kate's soft blonde curls, nurturing as she got her fill of the potent, sweet cream. Her juices ran down her thigh as she moaned, orgasming nearly immediately, getting the sweet relief she needed. Her back slid down the door as she fell to a seating position, still leaning against the door. Kate followed eagerly, laying on her side, upper body on Charlotte's lap. Charlotte had already come, but it still felt so mind-blowingly good, she couldn't bring herself to stop her as she switched to her left nipple once she'd drained most of the right one.
She couldn't find the words to tell Kate that her leggings were filling out more with every swallow, and that her previously-flat chest was now sporting some cleavage due to her overly-tight tank top. She was gaining a cup size every few seconds, and her nipples were pressing through her shirt. The two of them sat there on the floor of the closet, illuminated by the single hanging dim bulb as they softly moaned, Charlotte stroking Kate's head as she suckled intimately, both of them lazily touching themselves. When she stopped, the two of them were panting, and Kate had swelled up to an H-cup, barely contained within her tank top.
"Um... Kate?"
She came to and looked down. She covered her mouth with one hand and groped herself, as if to convince herself it was real. When she stood up, they both noticed her belly button forced itself between her waistline and the bottom of the tank top, sticking five inches or so out from her previously-flat belly. And her butt had swollen enough to make her leggings translucent, revealing her white and blue striped panties.
"I tried to..."
"I have to go, I'm so sorry," she said, her face bright red and a look of embarrassment on her face, exiting the closet and running off. Charlotte felt awful. She should have tried to warn her more. She felt like a slave to her libido, trapped in this growing body... But try as she wanted to dislike it, she loved it. She decided to skip the remainder of Business Law
[2:13] Charlotte: Kim? I may have messed up.
[2:13] Charlotte: Can you pick me up?