"I can't believe I just touched Daddy's dick."
Dakota McKellen bounced across the yard so excitedly she nearly tripped herself, recovering to rejoice even harder. Not even seeing Travis Herbert talking with the handsome Mace Belmont could ruin her vivid thoughts. "If that dork hadn't rang our doorbell I could have taken more of Daddy's dick into my mouth without him knowing. I should punch Travis in the face." Even in anger she couldn't stop smiling. "I almost gave Daddy a blowjob. Yay me! At least he didn't catch me, I'm afraid of what he might have said to me. He's still so against my going too far with him. He must be fighting really hard if he had to go take out his frustrations on Piper like he did."
She closed in on the boys talking and relaxed her thoughts. Suddenly, Mace became her target, "Did Mace sneak in to see Mom or me? It had to be me after I kissed him yesterday, right? So why didn't he find me instead of being in Mom's room and escaping from her balcony? That's just so strange. Oh well, I'll find out shortly if I can get rid of Perbert."
"Hey Dakota." Mace perked up from talking with Travis about what movies to bring to their get together Saturday night with the twins. Noting Dakota's shirt unzipped his mouth instantly began to water. Upon seeing Dakota, Piper Cherry's dog Rotten tugged on his leash to greet her. Lowering in step upon arrival Dakota pet the dog with a baby like verse of, "There's my bubby." A lick session over her forearm sent Dakota to her feet to avoid any face licks.
"Hi Mace. Sorry for asking you for a ride again but Daddy's been drinking he needs awhile to sober up before taking Sable to get her braces out."
"I can't wait to kiss her after she's a free woman." Travis chuckled.
"That's between you two. Don't give me a visual." Dakota winced grossly. Mace had to hold in his amusement. He too thought about Dakota kissing him yesterday and wondered if she might do it again once he dropped them off.
"Let me take Rotten inside and grab a shirt."
"Don't change your sweats." Dakota had seen his arousal spiking. It was an odd thing to say but her eyes did sparkle.
"Ummm? Okay, I won't." A locked gaze between them created a momentary pause until Travis ruined it with, "What about Fast & the Furious? I have the whole series on DVD." No hurry to reply Mace just turned away slowly and guided Rotten back to the house. Looking over his shoulder he added, "Truck is unlocked. I'll only be a minute."
Travis boasting, "SHOTGUN!" took the lead, he could have the window seat, Dakota intended to sit right next to the driver. Opening the door for Dakota she started her climb up when Travis huffed, "Are you wearing butt zipper jeans? Aren't those against dress code?"
"Only if a Teacher complains. Stop looking at my ass Perbert."
"Only when you stop calling me Perbert. DUHkota!"
"You're so childish." She managed to climb in and scoot over as far as she could, lifting the center console to have room. Travis getting in found a good foot between their hips.
"You can scoot closer I promise to bite."
"No way am I sitting almost in your lap."
"Your sister does."
"We may be twins Travis but we don't share the same interests in boys. I'm fine over here in the cute zone."
"I thought you liked Angus? He's cool now in my book. He punched out Knox for messing with my Mom." Dakota merely paused to consider the fact that Angus Furlong truly could be changing. Fidgeting until Mace returned wearing a Hellyeah t-shirt sponsoring the metal band she perked up, his erection was still evident. It had to be due to her, certainly not Travis. Opening his driver's side door Mace noticed how close Dakota was going to be to him and puckered his lower lip. Entering he slid in and barely had enough room to fit between she and his door.
"I...might need an inch more room." He laughed.
"I don't want to move closer to Travis, you're stuck with me." She flipped her tongue out at him. He shook his head and started his truck into a furious roar.
"We have to hurry the Cable guy is coming at 8:30, Aunt Piper will give me hell if I'm not here to let them in."
"Awesome! If you have cable we can watch pornos tomorrow night." Travis laughed.
"I was thinking of that too." Mace leered over Dakota at Travis with a fist bump, his arm brushing right against Dakota's chest. Eyes flaring as his weight pressed against her nipples they began pointing straight out. "There's one I used to watch called Zipper Whipper. Bogus title but super hot."
"I know that one."
"We are not watching porn if we're coming over." Dakota sneered at Travis then eyed Mace's arm retreating from her chest, her nipples an immediate draw of both boys eyes. Lowering her gaze she realizes just how vivid her nips were in the thin navy shirt. Changing her mind at Mace's attentive glare she made a bold statement. "Wait! Is that the one where the girl did this?" She pinched her shirt's zipper and pulled it down as far as it would go.
"That's the one." Travis sat forward to see her cleavage.
Mace merely chuckled and backed out of the drive. His dick increasing in size battled to find room beneath his steering wheel. Dakota left her shirt open regardless of Travis drooling. This was for Mace. Tolerating Herbert was only out of her grand design. Amid the lure of her flirtatious eyes it was hard for Mace to concentrate on his driving. Matters were going to get worse.
"Did you notice Dakota is wearing butt zipper jeans?"
"Serious?" Mace looked shocked. "Quit messing with me Trav."
"It's true," Dakota bubbled, "I think Mom bought these for my birthday but I found them early. Here I'll show you." She unhooks her seatbelt and turns around on to her knees in the seat. Forced to face Travis she leaned forward over the boy to offer Mace a good look at the zipper. In doing this her opened cleavage gave Travis a really deep plunge look clear through to her tummy, her tits dangling and saying look at us. She worried more about Mace in the instant peering back at him. Mace luckily had a stop sign at the exit of Hooter's Crossing housing division and stopped to look at her tight ass right in his face. Feeling evil he reached over her and pinched the zipper head and pulled it down two inches. Dakota squealed laughing at the knowledge he was going there. "Heeeeey! Did I say you could do that?"
"Sorry! I couldn't resist." He chuckled and left the zipper down. She repositioned and sat up straight not even giving Travis grief for staring at her tits. Once seated and her seatbelt reattached she just beamed at being checked out.
Turning into traffic Mace headed down the street in the direction of Horton-Dexter. Deciding music was needed to relax the sexual tension he reached over Dakota's leg toward the stereo turning it on. Technically he could have turned it on from his steering wheel programming but wanted to be active. Once music began he skipped ahead four songs until finding one he liked, which was Arch Enemy's song Nemesis. The snarling lead singer made Dakota wince not understanding it, nor the shock in realizing the singer was even a woman. Seeing her agitation Mace switched songs again. This round it was Mushroomhead's tune Sun Doesn't Shine. She seemed to like it better.
"Not sure what you like." He leers at Dakota.
"I'm still deciding." Her mind was torn, on one hand Angus, on the other Mace. In between within her chest...Daddy. Oh, he meant her taste in music. She liked metal but her exposure to various bands were minimal. Pretty much only what her friend Andrea played when hanging out. Bands like Five Finger Death Punch, and In This Moment. Her Dad played older metal from the 80's like Motley Crue or GNR. "I like this song. Mushroomhead? Cool name." She then looked directly at his tented sweats noting his cocks curvature. Leaning into him she whispered, "Did they call their band that because of this?" A sly finger tapped his crown making his eyes bulge.
"Maybe." He swallowed nervously. "I know a band you might like." Using his steering controls he scanned songs in his playlist to locate the band Kittie, their hit Brackish with a slight rap tone mixed in.
"Kittie?" She grinned after looking at the bands name on his stereo.
"Do you think they named their band after this?" He dared to reach between her legs and barely tap over her pussy. She tensed up and trembled.
"Maybe." She batted her eyes then thought to herself, "Oh my God! Mace touched me there. I'm going to be wet all day now." As his hand retreated she fanned her knees dramatically to express her hormonal excitement. Mace chose that moment to ignore her. Pouting at his no longer showing any interest she just sat there watching the road. To her right Travis who had been staring out the window realized something.
"Does Sable have a pair of those butt zipper jeans?"
"I don't know, maybe Mom bought two pairs, one for each of us. If not I suppose she could borrow mine."
"Awesome!"
"Don't rush Sable, Travis. Too much too soon might spook her."
"What?" He looked haunted, "I...shit!" Fear crept in immediately, he had never had a girlfriend before so he didn't truly know right from wrong. He didn't like the stress so just shrugged, "I think we'll be okay." Dakota actually felt sad for him and patted his leg.
"Probably! She hasn't said anything negative so don't let me worry you."
"I'm cool." Not really, but he was believable.
Reaching Horton-Dexter Mace once again pulled into the student drop off circle and let Travis hop out first. Dakota pondering on if she should kiss Mace again, students loitering outdoors with curiosity over yesterday's event looked closely to see if she would repeat her performance. Looking at Mace he seemed distracted. Spotting a certain blond cheerleader he pointed, "There's Lily. Tell her hi for me."
"Lily? You...like Lily?"
"Tina too." He felt the need to be honest.
"Oh! I'll tell them both you said hello." Feeling empty suddenly she noticed someone to peak her interest too. "Yay! There's Angus."
Without another word she quickly left the truck and raced toward the Quarterback who stood looking all smug. He made certain he was out front today in case this punk Mace dropped his girl off again. Angus considered Dakota his even after their talk yesterday. He just wanted to know who Mace was in sizing him up.
"Big fancy truck definitely has money, " Angus thought. "Broad shoulders, rugged good looks just like me. She didn't kiss him at least." He knew the cheerleaders were into Mace too so wasn't extremely stressed. The girls were players just like he was. Angus had the world by the balls. For now!
Seeking to make Mace jealous Dakota charged through the clustered students literally nudging Toby Mellon and Maynard Smooth aside to storm Angus. Shirt zipper totally down and titties dancing in her charge she leaped into the arm's of Angus. Throwing her own arms around his neck she kissed him really hard just as she had practiced with her Father. Angus caught off guard held her aloft, hands on her butt cheeks, and the two made out to their bystanders awe.
Toby puckered with respect until he noticed something. Tapping Maynard's elbow he directed his attention toward Dakota's ass. In her earlier ignorance she had left her zipper lowered, her butt halfway revealed. Both boys thriving with their own lustful curiosity let others in on her revelation. Toby peering over at Mace still sitting there, his truck idling while watching her kissing Angus with enthusiasm just stared emotionless. Ego led by mischief Toby dared to reach over and gently drag Dakota's zipper even lower trying not to let his evil inform her and ruin his buddies kiss.
Wincing at his mistreating of Dakota, Mace laid on his horn until literally everyone around Dakota stared his way. As Dakota broke her kiss she peered over her shoulder at Mace as if saying, "What?" Her heart racing at his possible objection to kissing Angus she realized her mistake. Lifting up her bookbag to show her what she left behind she groaned.
"I'll grab it." Lily blushing for Dakota yet not bothering to inform her of Toby's devilishness sprinted over to Mace and climbed into the passenger side of his Dodge Ram. "Hi."
"Hey Beautiful. Dropping by later?" He was hopeful.
"Game tonight. Monday maybe? Sometime next week."
"Just you and I?"
"I don't have a car. I rode with Tina."
"That your man looking at me ready to beat me up?"
"Gavin Ruley. We...date but nothing serious. Sex mostly."
"He know about...us?"
"What us? You said you wanted to see others."
"You know what I meant. That we had sex?"
"Not yet. I'm sure Octavia will ruin that, she talks a lot. You afraid of anyone knowing?"
"Naaaa! Just wondered. I can take care of myself."
"You don't like what they're doing to Dakota do you?" She leers over finding that Dakota and Angus had resumed kissing, her butt now totally in view and mooning guys, "She has to know her zipper is down. I have a pair of those. Button clasped or not the material loosens when the zipper's down."
"It's her life. She's just cool and I don't wanna see her abused."
"Angus won't let her get hurt. Even though he and Rob..." Lily clams up, "I better go...text me about next week if you have ideas."
"I'll be at the football game tonight. Aunt Piper's first game with you girls. Moral support for Sable too."
"She's going to need it. Sable I mean. Two left feet."
"Right! I'm holding up traffic I think."
"Bye Cutie." Lily dropped down and made her way back into the crowd. Gavin Ruley winced at Mace using his fingers to enact, "I have my eyes on you." In response Mace grew defiant and lowered his shades and fanned his palm over his eyes as if blind. Gavin felt the challenge while Mace pulled away.
Kiss waning Angus lowered Dakota to her feet as Lily brought her bookbag to her. As if a clue Lily patted Dakota on the butt, skin on skin, "I love your jeans." A friendly nibble of her lower lip sent a second clue, the first one wasn't enough. Eyes bulging Dakota turned her back toward Angus to hide herself from everyone else and reached behind her to zip up. Shockingly Angus beat her to it and locked the zipper upward concealing her ass. She shivered at his touch yet respected his concern. Hugging her from behind Angus whispered, "Relax! I got your backside."
Bookbag accepted Dakota smiled at Lily, "Mace told me to tell you he said hi."
"Uhh? I just talked to him."
"Oh! Right." She glances down at her chest to note Angus had his arms folded around her had lifted her tits upward, her zipper revealing much more than intended. Guys were now looking at her chest with a starvation of wagging tongues. She rather enjoyed their notice. Angus would protect her right? Let them look.
********
Back at the McKellen household...
Sable wore a towel after drying herself and was realizing that she too had no real clean clothing. Sighing she recalled that Dakota had raided their Mother's closet. If those butt zipper jeans were for her birthday then there could be a pair just like them for her, their mom enjoyed coordinating the girls when she could.
Hearing her Father's shower running she crept to his closed bedroom door and knocked. With no response she just walked in and went straight to the closet. Sifting through her Mother's pants she did indeed locate identical jeans, "So awesome! Mine all mine." Dropping her towel in the closet she put them on just to be sure they fit. "Snug but doable. If I wear panties it might be too tight. Better risk it."
From that consent to searching for shirts she finds a pullover also identical to what Dakota was wearing, "Mom is sooo cool. She bought us identical clothes. She can be mad at us for snooping and taking our presents later, I'm soooo dressing in these." Ignoring no bra she just put it on and like her sister thirty minutes ago admired herself, lowering the shirts zipper to explore her bosom.
"Travis will go crazy seeing this. These!" She peers at her refection and caresses her butt. "I bet...whoa! If Dakota and I wear these at the same time today after I get my braces out we can see just how much people really know us. I need to reel in my shyness and how I talk and try to sound more like Dakota. This is going to be so much fun."
Forgetting her towel on the floor of the closet Sable shuffled to her room, leaving Henry's door wide open and realized that she didn't have any bobby socks of her own. "Dakota might have some I can borrow." Making the trip across the hall to her sister's room she marched on in and went searching within Dakota's dresser. Finding a pair of matching bobby socks she pumped her fist. Something then caught her eye, "She hid Mom's dildo in her drawer? Not smart Sissy."
Ogling it with curiosity she delicately plucked it up and studied it better. "Hmmm? Not even Travis is this big. Not as big as Mace though. Definitely not as big as Daddy or that Dominic guy." She pictured them having physically seen Travis and only Mace via reflection in an oven door and the photograph he sent to she and Dakota. Of course, they didn't know their Mother Josie also had a copy of it.
Hesitant to fondle the rubber toy she starts to put it back then resists. "I have to know what it's like to..." She placed it to her mouth and licked it in short flicks before risking sucking on it. Eyes flaring at it's girth in her mouth she found herself using it a tad longer than originally planned. Bad timing Sable!
Direct eyesight across the hall she hadn't even noticed her Father's exit from the bathroom in all his glory. No towel wrapped around him he paused to look over at first his opened door, then across to witness Sable, her back to him. "I thought I closed the door. Huh? Did Dakota come back home?" It was Dakota's bedroom an easy mistake. Sable was wearing the same clothing.
"Hmmm?" Stepping across the hall Henry noted Sable's own bedroom door barely ajar. Thinking he had time to be sneaky, Henry still recovering from his alcohol binge made his way over and stood right behind Sable. Her eyes closed in enjoying the toy far too much Henry watched her in the mirror. He hadn't even noticed Sable's damp hair from her shower, fooled completely in thinking this was Dakota. Daring to hug Dakota aka Sable from behind his dick pressed up along her ass and lower spine. Catching her off guard Sable froze, eyes bulging, lips tightly around the dildo. Noticing her Father nude she just couldn't move.
"Decide to go with your sister to get her braces out?" Afraid to reveal her braces to her Dad, Sable nodded. "Getting in some practice are you?" Another nod with trembling limbs evident. Her Father was right up on her, his dick rubbing the back of her jeans. Fear, yet curious she played along. Had her sister been lying to her?
"Just remember to put that dildo back in your Mom's hiding place. Don't let on I let you practice with it. By the looks of it you're going to have the kissing and sucking thing down pat for ole' Angus." Sable couldn't handle the deceit any further. Taking the crown of the dildo from her lips she pouted.
"Daddy, I'm sorry."
"For what Punky?"
Turning to face him she whimpered and shared her braces. Henry seeing them froze in expression. "Wonderful! Put that dildo away." He swatted her hand and she quickly turned tossing it in Dakota's drawer and shutting it.
"Please don't be angry with me Daddy."
"How can I be mad at you? I'm the moron teaching your sister how to be with boys." He processed it as she looked down at his erection. Realizing his stupidity further he just rolled his eyes. "No reason to act up, you've seen it. You're one up on your sister. I've tried my best to keep her from seeing it."
"I'm the first to...see him?" She played it off without a hitch. She and Dakota had caught him together while trapped in his closet.
"Yeah!" He had no idea how wrong he was in that conclusion. Hearing this Sable smiled and nibbled a nail feigning amazement. Noting her unzipped shirt he sighed, "Did you two switch clothing?"
"No Mom had two sets. Tags?" She lifts her pants price tag.
"Wonder when your Mom bought these? She sure didn't tell me anything." It was the day Josie McKellen stopped by a used clothing store to buy herself clean clothes to replace her cum soaked dress, not wanting to return home looking...worked over. Water under the bridge they say. Sable merely shrugged not knowing either. "Let's just zip this shirt up. I'm seeing too much." Sable witnessed him lift her zipper up masking her revealed cleavage.
"It's almost time to go Daddy." She grew nervous seeing his dick up so close. After last night the images of being jerked off on, even by accident was making her wet. At least her Father had no clue she wore some of his jizz. It made her shiver and fold her arms over her chest.
"I'll go get dressed. Listen...let's not tell your Mother we...all three of us...you know..." He grit his teeth.
She merely zipped her lip. Good enough for him until he could sit down and talk to his daughters together. He was going to have to be a man and stop this foolishness once and for all. Turning to walk away Henry stopped at his bedroom door recalling something, "Travis left a rose for you downstairs."
"Awww! I left it at his house last night. That big guy Dominic brought Kelly a dozen red roses. I think he's trying to make up with her."
"Dozen roses, huh?" He pondered it, "Wait a second here. Is Dom trying to move into my side of this shared Master thing? He's supposed to dominate the rough stuff, not the romantic side. That's my territory." He notes Sable eyeballing his cock again from Dakota's doorway, admiring it a bit more interested in it that she should be. Rolling his eyes Henry stepped into his room and closed his door. The second he did she raced back to Dakota's dresser for the bobby socks sitting on top of it. A pause to look over her shoulder she snuck the drawer open and pulled the dildo out again. Directly into her mouth she left it dangling there while sitting on Dakota's bed and putting the socks on. Once accomplished she enjoys the toy a bit longer until her thoughts went to this toy being her Father's cock. Whimpering at the visual she hurried to put the dildo away and headed to find tennis shoes.
Henry dressing nicely in a polo shirt, chino shorts, and tennis shoes, he too forgetting underwear for comfort stepped from his room. Ignoring his throbbing head from the booze he trudged to the kitchen for a cup of coffee only to find none made. No time to brew any he just peered out the window toward Kelly Herbert's home.
"Might need to pay her a visit after Sable's in school. Set some records straight." His knee bumping the cabinet below the sink, finding it sticky he realized he hadn't cleaned up his jizz from last night. Chuckling at it he shrugged, "Marking my territory." One last glance at Kelly's home he added, "That one too. Evidently, my last circle wasn't enough."
Meeting Sable at the front door smelling her rose he grumbles, "Getting serious?"
"Me and Travis? I...maybe..." Not really but why admit her doubts?
"Sounds uncertain." She just shrugs without a grin and sits her rose aside. He wouldn't press her further. "Let's go get your smile back." Head splitting at the bright daylight Henry dangled his keys in front of her, "You're up Perky." She wondered why he hadn't referred to her by his usual Shyster nickname. A moment to follow his eyes she immediately looked at her nipples. Seeing them as bullets she sighed. Her final smile with braces.
"You're letting me drive? YESSSS! All I need now is my own car."
"Don't push it. My head can't take it." Her turn to let his eyes follow hers as she looked down at his tented crotch. Wrong head Shyster...Perky!
A quick drive through Starbuck's before Sable's Dentist appointment, Henry had his coffee. Nothing like aspirin and caffeine to kill the hangover. Just not that tent hint! That was alive and wide awake! Sable had to hum out loud to avoid staring and Disney always did the trick.
"Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah! Zip-a-dee-YAY! My, oh my! What a wonderful day." She knew that hard on was for her.
It just had to be!