The 4th of July holiday was this weekend and we had 3 days off. I didn't want to stay home and do the traditional BBQ. So, I asked Candice what she wanted to do. She said she wanted to take a road trip.
I couldn't have been happier knowing that a road trip would eventually lead to her being naked and showing off probably most of the way.
I asked her if she had someplace special in mind or just a night here and a night there. Just to not be stuck at home.
She said. "We haven't been to Vegas in a long time. What do you think?"
My initial thought was, "Hell yea! What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas." But what came out of my mouth was. "You know I love Vegas. Can we afford it? I don't want to go there if I can't play the tables."
She assured me that we could afford it. So I was all in and couldn't wait.
I asked her when she wanted to leave. She told me we could leave Thursday right after work and drive six hours or so. Then get up early Friday morning and drive the rest. That way we don't waste all of Friday driving and loose an entire day. I couldn't wait.
A few hours of night driving I thought was perfect as opposed to eight to nine hours during the day. My idea was to have her stripped by Grand Junction and have fun to Salina UT.
It was Wednesday and I had just been home maybe ten minutes when Candice got home. We kissed and said hi and I asked her how her day went.
She said, "It was typical. Well....I mean work was. Don't get pissed but I sorta asked Heidi and Bret if they wanted to go to Vegas with us this weekend."
"You what? Why would you do that without talking to me first?" I scolded.
She said, "Well....We were talking during lunch and I told them what our plans are for the weekend. Neither of them have ever been there. And it kinda came out before I thought about it and asked them to go with us. Come on. You like them. It'll be fun."
"It's not a matter of liking them or not." I told her. "I really wanted to spend some quality play time with you as Candy. I guess there are two options. 1) We don't go. 2) You tell them everything about Candy and what they're going to see of her/you."
"I can't very well uninvite them and then us go alone." She started. "And I really want to go."
"Ok then. I guess you need to be totally open with them. Because once we leave the house Friday you will be Candy and not Candice for three days. Got it? I said.
She asked. "You can't be serious? What am I supposed to tell them?"
"Tell them the truth." I barked. "They, along with other people will see you naked and doing what you're told. I'm sure Bret will jump at the chance to still go. So, I can only assume it will be up to Heidi."
We fixed dinner and ate. Candice was quite most of the evening. I'm sure she was weighing the options. She went to bed earlier than normal and was asleep when I went in an hour later.
We talked as we got ready for work. As we were leaving, I asked her what her decision was. She said she'd let me know later. I assumed we weren't going to go.
At five to one I got a text from Candice asking if I was busy. I told her I wasn't. A minute later I got a text from Heidi.
Heidi: "Candice told me all about your plans for the trip to Vegas. I'm so excited. I can't wait to go."
Me: "What did she tell you?"
Heidi: "She told me all about what you're planning for her."
Me: "And you still want to go."
Heidi: "Yep!"
Me: "If she's ok with it. I'm okay with it."
I was surprised to find Candice's car in the garage when I got home. I kicked my shoes off and walked In through the kitchen.
There was a wine bottle sitting on the counter. I immediately thought, "This can't be good." She wasn't in the living room and I could see the bathroom door open so that meant she had to be in the bedroom.
When I went into the bedroom she was laying on her side sleeping. She was still wearing what she had worn to work. I gently shook her awake and ask if she was ok. She said that other than her stomach being in knots she was fine.
I asked her when she had gotten home.
She told me. "I came home right after last break. I had a couple glasses of wine then laid down."
"What happened last break?" I asked.
"Well, Bret was there with Heidi and I." She started to say.
I interrupted her. "So, he's with you guys on break a lot. What happened?"
"Obviously Heidi told him everything I told her at lunch." She said.
"How much did you tell her about you when you're Candy?" I asked.
"I told her everything you've had me do to try and discourage her from wanting to go. But she already told you she still wants to go. I told her that they would definitely see me naked and probably you too. Not that that has ever bothered you"
"What about Lion's Den?" I asked.
"Yes. I told her everything." She said. "She must have told Bret about that too because he asked if he could see the videos. That's when my stomach started churning."
"What did you tell him?" I asked.
She said, "I was being a smart ass and told him that if he shows me his. I'd show him mine. He looked at Heidi and she nodded yes. He said deal."
"Wow!" I exclaimed. I wouldn't have expected that."
She told me she didn't either. That's why she said it. Bret also told her that they were looking to push Heidi's limits. When she pushed him to be more specific he told her that they had been experimenting with Heidi showing off a more.
When she asked Heidi if that were true Heidi blushed and said, "Yes. But he hasn't turned the dome lighs on yet."
Bret replied. "Not yet anyway."
My heart was racing of the image of seeing this little goddess at least naked. I know. I know. I'm a bad man.
"I guess it's a done deal then. Tomorrow I'll make reservations for Friday night in Salina. Should I get one room or two?" I jokingly asked."
"TWO Jackass." was all she said.
I told her that I hoped she felt better knowing she wouldn't be the only one exposed.
She said she didn't and that I just wanted to see Heidi naked.
I said, "You cant tell me that you're not the slightest bit interested in seeing Bret naked too."
"Not as much as you are at seeing Heidi." she said.
I said. "Look at it this way. They aren't going to see you doing anything some stranger hasn't already seen you doing."
"Oh yea. That really helps." She said with as much sarcasm as she could muster.
I fixed her favorite, pork chops, mashed potatoes and gravy for dinner while she stayed in the bedroom. I called her out when it was done.
While we were eating I asked her again what the big deal was. Was it them seeing her, me seeing Heidi? What was it?
She said she was afraid of losing them as friends over this trip. She knew that every time they would see her after they would think differently about her.
I told her that since she's already told them everything, that ship has sailed and they aren't treating her any differently. "Have they said anything else, other than that Monday, about the night we stayed over their house?"
She had a thoughtful look on her face and eventually said. "No they haven't."
I said. "So, I guess when everyone is guilty of the same thing it doesn't turn into a big deal."
That got her thinking, and I could see her beginning to come around just a little.
We watched a comedian on Showtime and didn't say much on the subject the rest of the evening. I didn't want to interrupt her though process.
The next morning (Thursday) we did our usual mundane routine as we got ready for work. I told her that I had decided to take a half day tomorrow and put in for Monday off. I asked her to see if they could all get Monday off too so we could again split the drive back and not eleven hours at once.
She thought it was a good idea and showed no signs of yesterday's nervousness. I guess she had come to terms with my logic.
Once I was on the way to work I texted Bret to call me when he went on his first break. But, not around the girls. I got a thumbs up reply.
Bret called me just after ten o'clock. We said our obligatory "Hey. and What's up?" and I asked him if the girls were around. He told me that they all just came off of break and he's in the back of the warehouse.
I asked him. "How did Candice seem on break?"
He said. "Her normal self. Why? What's up?"
I explained to him what Candice and I had discussed and that she was freaking out yesterday afternoon.
He apologized for getting her so worked up. But, she didn't seem upset today.
I said. "Look. She's nervous about you and Heidi seeing her as Candy. She's afraid you're going to judge her and it'll effect your friendship. What did you have in mine or expect from the weekend?"
He said. "From what Heidi told me about what Candice has done I expect some of the same from Heidi. I want to really get her to open."
"How open?" I asked
"Well." He said. "She likes when I take pictures of her now. She thinks it's hot how turned on I get doing it."
I told him that Candice mentioned Heidi getting naked in the car but no one has seen her yet.
"Well, that's gonna change on this trip." He said. "I'm gonna have her showing off as much as possible."
I asked him if she knew that. He said she did and it makes her nervously excited.
"She's not worried about Candice and I seeing her like that?" I asked.
He said, "No. I actually think she's more comfortable with that then strangers seeing her."
"Thanks. I'm taking half a day off tomorrow to get things packed. I told him. "I want to pack all of Candy's clothes and accessories before she gets home so we can leave as soon as you guys get here."
He said. "We'll pack tonight so we can come over straight fom work. If that's ok?"
I told him that idea was even better. We could be on the road a lot quicker.
Then he asked. "What did you mean by Candy's accessories?"
I told him about her dildos, nipple clamps, butt plugs and restraints. He said they didn't have anything like that but he wanted to get something. He said they would go to a store tonight for stuff.
I told him to have fun with that and that I'd see him after work tomorrow.
When Candice got home I told her that I had talked to Bret and what the plans were for tomorrow.
She said that sounded good and she felt better about the trip since she talked to Heidi today. I asked her what changed her mind.
She said. "Heidi told me that she is more excited for the drive than to actually see Vegas. I guess I won't be the only one riding around half naked."
I said. "I'm pretty sure you're going to be riding all naked not just half."
"When do you plan on that?" She asked.
"I haven't actually planned a time. Just know it's going to happen." I told her. as I started rubbing my rapidly hardening cock through my jeans. "I think you should probably get those clothes off now and get used to being naked."
She looked at me with somewhat disbelief as I untucked her shirt and pulled it over her head. All I said was, "Jeans now." as I unclasped her bra and freed her beautiful B cup tits.
I was undressing as she took her jeans off. Before she could take her panties off I turned her around and bent her over the kitchen table. She tried to stop me telling me to close the blinds on the sliding glass doors.
I told her not to worry about it as I pulled her panties off of her ass and down to her feet. The odds of someone seeing are almost nil. Besides, a lot of people will be seeing her naked over the weekend.
I rubbed her ass and smooth pussy and found she was surprisingly wet. I'm not sure if it was the anticipation of the upcoming weekend or her current predicament. Guess it really didn't matter. I knew wasn't going to last long so I rubbed her clit and fingered her until she was panting hard and within seconds of cumming.
I guided my cock into her, grabbed her hip with one hand and pounded her as hard as I could. I reached around her and pinched her nipple with the other. She came hard and fast. The way her cunt gripped my cock I wasn't far behind and unloaded as deep in her as I could get. My body jerking as my cock pulsed shot after shot of cum against her cervix.
I slowly pulled out of her and spread her ass apart and watched my cum ooze out and run down her thighs.
She stayed bent over the table leaning on her elbows while she recovered. I grabbed a few paper towels for her to clean herself with.
She stood up and leaned half sitting on the kitchen table while wiping herself and said. "Wow! What got into you?"
I told her. "I've been hard all day thinking about this weekend."
She told me it was probably because I couldn't wait to see how much Bret could get Heidi to do.
I corrected her. "It's more about them watching you naked, sucking my cock, showing off and us fucking. But yea, I want to see her do everything you're going to do too. Remember, she's new at this and I can't wait to see how she reacts."
She came back at me with, "I can't say that part isn't interesting to me too. And to be totally honest, I do want to see Bret too. I want to see how big he is and how hard he can make her cum. Are you happy now?"
"Thank you for finally fessing up. I'm sure you won't have to wait for too long tomorrow. He told me he has plans for the drive but wanted to surprise us." I said.
"Well, I was trying to convince myself that that wasn't one of the issues. I knew it was but I didn't want to admit it to myself let alone you. By the way. We all got Monday off too." she said.
I told her that I couldn't remember if I had told her that I was taking a have day the next day to pack for us. She said she could pack tonight. I told her. "Ok. But, no bras or panties, only skirts and light tops especially the white wife beater. Oh yea... all of the toys including the restraints."
"And what do you plan on doing with those?" She asked.
"Nothing planned. I just want to have options." I said.
My phone dinged for a text. As I went for my phone Candice said she was going to take a shower.
The text was from my neighbor Roger it said. "That was the fucking HOTTEST thing I've ever seen! Thanks!"
I replied, "You're welcome :) "
Knowing he had seen us, basically Candice, got me hardening up again so I stroked myself fully hard as I walked to the bathroom where Candice was showering.
I watched through the glass door and stroked until she noticed me Then I slid the shower door open. She spun around and said. "What the fuck are you doing?"
"Watching you shower and jerking off. What does it look like?" I said.
"Will you stop that? Fucking me wasn't enough?" She asked.
I told her to watch as she showered.
She rubbed her tits with her soapy hands as she ran them down her flat tummy and started to rub her clit.
"That's my Candy. Make it cum for me like you're going to do for Bret to see." I told her.
She closed her eyes and softly moaned.
I told her. "That's it. close your eyes and imagine it's him watching you."
She moaned louder.
"Oh god." I said. "I think he's going to cum on you."
With her eyes still shut tight she cried out. "Oh fuck Bret! Cum on me! Cum all over me!"
Her hand was a blur rubbing her clit. I stepped in a little closer and aimed my cock at her rubbing hand as I came. Shooting a few streams right on her moving hand. She clasped to her knees, screamed and came hard.
She was on her knees in the shower as I went in. "Keep your eyes closed and suck the rest out of him." I told her as I guided my cock to her mouth.
She opened her mouth and took my cock as deep as she could cooing and humming as she sucked the last drop from my (Bret's) cock.
I went to the bedroom to start packing and let her finish her shower.
When she walked in she asked. "Why did you do that to me?"
"To prepare you for the weekend." I told her. "I want Candy to be ready for anything."
"I doubt that's going to happen. With him anyway." She said.
I told her that we'll see how it goes.
She just shook her head as she got a suitcase from the closet. "Get your things together. I want to get packed." She told me.
I got my things together and watched what she packed for herself. I had her keep out a knee length skirt and the thin white wifebeater. I told her thats what she's going to wear when we leave. She just laid them to the side without comment.
I got a small bag and put her nipple clamps, nipple rings, dildo and buttplug in it and put the restraints in the main suitcase. The suitcases would be in the bed of the truck under the tonneau cover but the small bag would be up front with us.
We ate and watched a little TV before heading for bed.
Once in bed I couldn't get the thought of Roger seeing her and watching me fuck her out of my mind and I was hard again.
I said, "Caaaannnndy?"
"Whhaaaat?" she replied
"Be a peach and suck my dick." I said.
She rolled on her side facing me and started stroking my hardon and said. "This trip really has you worked up doesn't it?"
I told her that it does but that's not what has me hard now.
"What is it then?" She asked.
I told her that she wasn't going to like it. But, I told her the truth. "Roger watched us fucking in the kitchen."
Needless to say she wasn't happy. She put a death grip on my cock and shook it almost to the point of pain. She had warned me about something like that happening.
"Hey! it's not a bad thing. He said it was the hottest thing he'd ever seen. He probably jerked off while he watched." I told her as I covered her hand with mine and started her stroking me again.
She shook her head and said. "He better not tell anyone. I can't believe I'm still going to do this."
I put my hand on the back of her head and guided her as she took my cock in her mouth. I took her head in both hand and moved it up and down a few times before she stopped me. She looked up at me and said. "Will you stop that!? I think I know what I'm doing. I have sucked a cock ot two in my life you know." I just groaned.
I let go of her head as she crawled over and got between my legs. She looked up at me while stroking me with one hand and playing with my balls wwith the other and asked. "You like that uh? You like that your wife has sucked off other cocks before?"
"Oh yea." Was all I could moan as she took me in her mouth.
She started really getting into being nasty. She bobbed her head a few time before she looked up again and while still stroking and playing with my balls asked. "That other guys have cum in my mouth and cunt? I'll bet you even want to see me sucking another cock. Don't you?"
I moaned. "Fuck yeah. You like being a little cocksucker. Dont you?" While she took as much of my cock as she could in her mouth before gagging. Taking me inher throat.
She hummed "Yes." as she devoured my cock.
"You're going to prove it this weekend." I told her. "Heidi and I are going to sit and watch while you suck Bret's cock and swallow his cum like a good girl."
She doubted her effort and moaned as she moved her fingers from my balls and started rubbing my asshole.
I was on the verge of cumming. My hips were bucking trying to get more of my cock in her mouth.
She knew the signs and shoved her index finger in my ass causing an eruption of cum to shoot from my cock. She held the tip in her mouth and stroked me hard and fast
When she was satisfied I was empty she lifted her head, opened her mouth to show me my cum. Then made a show of swallowing it.
All I could do was lay my head back and pant. Trying to catch my breath.
As she stood up on the bed she said. "Oh. You're not done yet."
She walked up my body with a foot on either side of me and placed her dripping cunt on my mouth. "My turn! Make me cum now." She said. "I'm so close. This won't take long."
I started by sucking up as much of her juices as I could before she slid back putting her clit on my lips.
"Suck it." She ordered. "Heidi needs to cum now while Bret and I watch."
In my mind I was instantly eating that lil angel's pussy. I grabbed her ass and pulled it tighter to my mouth and sucked her clit as I flicked it with my tongue.
Candy said. "That's my boy. Make her cum on your face. Show her what that mouth can do."
I slid my hand to her pussy from behind and slid two fingers in her.
She started thrusting her hips forward fucking herself as I pumped my fingers in and out before taking them out and slipping the tip of one juice covered finger in her ass.
"OH FUCK!" She screamed and jerked as my chin and neck got soaked. Her jerking forced my entire finger up her ass. "You're making Heidi cum. I hope she likes her ass played with. I want to see her cum with your finger in her ass."
She rolled off of me panting to catch her breath. "Oh fuck that was hot." She said.
"We'll see if it's that hot for real this weekend." I said.
She said. "I'm not sure things will go that far. I'm sure Bret wouldn't mind but Heidi might not want it to."
"So, I assume after that, you're good with whatever happens this weekend?" I asked.
"It's a little late to start denying things now." She laughed.
We kissed, said I love you and fell asleep watching TV.
The next morning Candice walked in while I was in the shower. She asked for her shampoo and conditioner and told me to leave my dick alone. Shaking it at her, I reminded her that it was mine and I could wash it as fast as I wanted. She said. "Whatever. I love you. See you after work."
I told the that I loved her and to be careful.
Work was uneventful and the half day seemed like forever. When I got home there really wasn't much to do since we packed the night before so I loaded the truck and decided to cut the grass so it would look nice over the weekend. I love a well manicured lawn.
As I was cutting the back I noticed Roger doing the same. I waved and he hoisted a beer as he rode by. I stopped by the fence and waited for his next pass. He stopped and shut his mower off.
"Where's my beer?" I asked jokingly.
He said. "Just one beer? After yesterday I should get you a fucking case. Dude, That was amazing. I knew Candice had a nice body but it's better than I imagined."
"Well, You seeing us wasn't the intent. But, I'm not upset about it either." I told him.
"Can you promise you won't get pissed at me if I tell you something I did wrong?" He asked.
"Can't be anymore wrong then what we did yesterday." I laughed.
"Well....We'll see about that. I took some pictures and a short video yesterday." He tentatively said.
He was surprised when I told him that I didn't care just so long as he doesn't share them.
He instantly agreed and told me how lucky I am. I half jokingly told him that I'd text him before the next time. He called me a Dick and said to stop teasing. Little did he know I wasn't actually joking.
It was almost five o'clock when Candice opened the garage door but pulled in to the driveway. Bret and Heidi pulled into the garage and Candice moved her car behind there's.
I went ito the garage and greeted them while opening opening the garage door behind my truck.
I told Bret to just drop the tailgate and throw their luggage in there. He threw a suitcase in and carried a small bag into the house.
Once inside Candice showed them where the bathrooms were. They all wanted to shower before getting on the road. Bret suggested the girls go first. That way all three of them would be done at the same time.
Bret handed Heidi the small bag as she headed into the guest bathroom. I told Candice that her clothes were laid out on the bed. The girls disappeared into the bathrooms.
I asked Bret how they were feeling about the weekend. He said he can't remember Heidi being this excited about something. She's been all over him all week. I had to admit that we had some hot sessions too.
I asked him if they had gone toy shopping last night. He said. "No I was actually hoping to stop on the way."
I said. "Lets do that. It'll be fun. We'll make the girls go in by themselves. You make a list of what Heidi should get."
He chuckled, "You're going to have to tell Candy to help her pick some things out."
I told him. "She should at least get what Candy has if not more. I'll have Candy get a couple new things too."
The girls were done showering faster than we expected. Heidi called for Bret that he coud get in now.
She walked out wearing what looked like a red cheerleader skirt and surprisingly a very thin white wifebeater just like I laid out for Candy. OMG! It clung to her wet body like a second skin. Her corn silk colored hair was wet and down past her shoulders and her nipples were as hard as diamonds and proudly on display.
I said. "You look amazing. Are you ready for this?"
She said. "I've been looking forward to this all week. But I gotta tell you, I'm nervous almost to the point of being scared."
I said. "Just try to relax. Do you want a drink before we go? Trust me, it will be fine. Nobody's going to get hurt. We're all just going to have some fun. Just follow Candy's lead."
Just then Candy walked out. She was stunning. She was wearing what I had laid out for her. She had dried her hair and it flowed down her back and almost to her prominent nipples. She looked at Heidi and said. "Nice top. Did I hear something about a drink before we go?"
I got them each a Whiteclaw and put them in a coozie. Candy told me to grab a few more for the road.
I went to the garage and grabbed a small cooler. When I got back Bret was in the kitchen with the girls opening a beer. He was wearing shorts and a tank top.
Candy told me that I should put shorts on too and lead me to the bedroom. She pulled out a pair on basketball shorts and told me to put them on.
She came over to me as I was taking my jeans off. She grabbed the waistband of my underwear and said. "You won't be needing these." As she pulled them down.
I took the shorts from her and started to put them on. She stopped me again, knelt down and took my cock in her mouth. She sucked me only long enough to get me nice and chubby but not quite fully hard then said. "Ok lets go."
When we walked into the kitchen we saw Bret with his hand up Heidi's skirt from behind and Heidi breathing heavily. Candy asked if everybody was ready to go. Bret pulled his hand back and said. "Lets do this."
When we went to the garage Breat recommended letting the girls sit in the back until our first stop. Which he and I knew was going to be Lion's Den.
Bret and I discussed the shopping list he had made for Heidi. It had everything on it that Candy already had plus a paddle. I told him I was impressed and never would have guessed. He said, "She likes a spanking now and then. Nothing too hard but the pain helps her get off."
Candy and Heidi were in the back chatting away. Heidi tapped Bret in the shoulder and said. "I want a new name. You know, like Candice has Candy." He asked her what name she wanted.
She said. "That's for you to decide."
"Ok. Let me think about it a while." He said.
I told him. "Heidi is already a pretty great name. What are you thinking."
"There's no nickname for Heidi like Candy is for Candice. Her middle name is Elizabeth. We could go with that."
"To long." I said. "Maybe Beth or Liz?"
He said. "Oh, I like Liz. Heidi. Your new play name is gonna be Liz. Like part of your middle name. What do you think?"
She said. "I love it!" Candy agreed.
"Ok." He told her. "For the rest of this trip everyone will call you Liz."
We made a quick stop to top off the tamk and Bret and I went in for a couple drinks. The girls still had their WhiteClaws plus a couple in the cooler.
Instead of getting back on I-70 I made a detour. Candy started to ask where we were going until she realized where we were. I told her that Liz needed to pick up a few things.
When we pulled up Bret handed his list bac to Heidi (now Liz) and I handed one to Candy.
As they opened the doors Candy said. "Aren't you coming in?"
I said. "Not this time. Make sure the one in the list has an app."
She said. "Ooook. Lets go Liz."
On their way in Bret asked what I had on my list. When I told him he called Liz and told her to get one of them too.
He and I chatted about how the girls must feel right now. How embarrassed and excited they must be.
I had to find out what his rules were for the weekend so I asked him how far he wanted it to go.
"As far as you'll let Candy go." He replied.
"Well then, I guess we're each going to get to see what each of them is like. If that's ok with you? Candy doesn't know anything for certain. So I guess it'll all depend on Heidi." I told him.
His eyes got wide when he asked. "Seriously Dude? I never thought it would get to that. I thought we'd all see each other naked and watching the girls show off and play with themselves. But you'd actually let me fuck Candy?"
"Not only let you. I'd love to watch you do it and anything else you wanted her to do to you. But sorry, you can't fuck her in the ass. At least not until I get to." I told him. "Let me forewarn you. As good as she is at sucking cock, she'll be pissed if you cum on her face. She hates that."
He said. "I don't know what to say."
"Try thank you." I told him.
"Oh yea, that. Thanks man. You know Heidi and I have only been with each other. But I'm more that willing to try if she is. I know she wants to see you and Candy fuck. Maybe that will set her up for a trade."
He said, "I hope so. Forgive me for saying this, but I'd love to fuck your wife."
"Good. Then we at least have that settled." I laughed.
As the girls walked out, Bret got into the driver's side backseat. Liz got in behind Candy on the passenger side.
As I pulled out Bret asked Liz how it went. She said. "It was exciting. Candy showed me around the store and I bought the exact same things she has. Plus the paddle. The guy was really nice. He even offered to help me adjust the nipple clamps like he had done for Candy. But I told him we could manage."
"Well, Show me." Bret said.
"What about you?" I asked Candy.
"It was fun showing Liz everything." She said.
We went through McDonald's drive through and grabbed some food before we got back on the interstate. After we ate I looked at Candy and said. "It getting dark. You know it's that time."
Bret was still looking at what Liz had bought when he ask. "What time is that?"
"Play time." I told him. Then I looked at Candy and said. "Take that top off and pull that skirt up."
She told Liz that she was going to have to move more to the middle so she can lean her seat back not all the way but more.
Candy undid her seatbelt, took her top off, laid her seat back some and pulled her skirt up over her hips and tucked it into the waistband. Essentially sitting naked.
Liz leaned between mine and Candy's seat and said. "You're naked. Bret did you see that?"
He laughed and said. "No. You're in the way." As he pulled Liz back and took her place. Seeing Candy's body for the first time.
Candy smiled and said. "First of all I'm not naked. My skirt is around my waist. And second. This is the fun part. Why don't you join me?"
As Bret sat back down he turned facing Liz. He pulled her shirt from her skirt and over her head. I hit the rumble strips on the right side of the road looking. He told her to take her skirt totally off.
Vroom Vroom again went the rumble strips.
Candy reached over and slid her left hand up the large leg of my shorts finding my rock hard cock. Her right hand went to rubbing her clit.
I reached up and adjusted the mirror so I could see what was happening in the back seat. Liz's head was thrown back as Bret sucked one of her amazing lil tits and pinched the nipple of the other one.
"You like what you see back there?" Candy asked.
Having been married for a number of years I knew the answer. "I love what I see right up here."
"Good answer. Pay attention to me right now. You'll get to see all of that soon enough. Now get that cock out." She said as she stopped stroking me.
I heard Liz in the back say to Bret. "You heard her. Get that cock out."
After a few moments of him fumbling around she said. "Isn't that better?"
He didn't reply.
The first good semi opportunity presented itself and Candy told Liz what was going to happen and to get ready.
Candy put her feet on the dash and spread her knees. Displaying her fingers rubbing her bald cunt. Liz leaned back against Bret and put her feet on the door spreading her knees.
I changed lanes and slowly gained on the big rig. As I was by the trailer I heard Liz say that it was so exciting that she can't believe she's doing this.
I turned on the dome light as I got to the driver's window and kept pace. He blew the horn a couple quick blasts. Then vroom vroom. This time it was him hitting the rumble strips.
It was a beautiful sight. Candy had two fingers In herself and was close to cumming. I checked the mirror and saw Bret playing with Liz's nipples as her hand was busy in her pussy.
"No cumin yet." I said as I turned off the light and pulled ahead and heard a sigh of disappointment from both girls.
Liz sat back to where she was and Candy resumed stroking me.
Candy looked in the back seat and asked Liz if she was ok with what just happened. Then she said to me. "Apparently she's ok. Bret's pants are around his knees and she has his cock in her mouth."
I readjusted the mirror but Bret was directly behind me so all I could see was Liz's shoulders going up and down. Looking over my shoulder all I could see was the top of her perfect ass facing the window.
I asked Candy. "How's she doing?"
Candy said that it was hard to tell. But, she looked like she was really into all of this.
"Maybe this will help." I said as I turned the dome light back on.
As she turned and got on her knees on the seat facing Bret and Liz to get a better look her hand went right to her cunt.
She then said. "That's a good girl. Suck that beautiful cock." All I heard was two moans from the backseat. She kept pushing them. "Look at me while your wife sucks that beautiful cock. Oh Honey, she looks like she's loving it. Let me help."
Candy reached into the back and started pushing Liz's head further down Bret's cock until she coughed. She let let go of Liz's head and grabbed the back of her seat for balance. Liz regained her own tempo.
She pulled her juicy fingers from her cunt and showed them to Bret. "See what you're doing to me? I'm dripping."
I grabbed her hand and shoved her fingers in my mouth. They were absolutely drenched. I sucked and licked between her fingers to get every morsel. Then put it back to her cunt then started pinching and pulling her nipples.
Bret was breathing heavy and moaning.
She looked into the backseat again and asked. "You like that? You like seeing my fingers in my cunt? How wet this makes me?"
I wasn't sure if he was talking to Liz or Candy when he breathlessly said. "Oh fuck yea! Don't stop."
She pulled her hand back from her cunt again and rubbing her fingers and thumb together showing strands of juice hanging between them. "Look at all of that delicious cunt on my fingers."
I saw Liz in the rear view mirror sit up and look too.
Candy made a production out of licking one of her fingers and asked. "Would you like some?"
To my, and I'm sure Candy's amazement, they both said. "Yes."
I pulled over and stopped while I watched Candy offer her fingers to Bret's lips. I almost came when I saw Liz join Bret in a kiss around Candy's fingers. Both of them cooing as they fought over her fingers.
"Oh fuck." Was all I could think of to say as they cleaned Candy's fingers.
Candy started jerking her hips and I knew she was seconds from cumming. So I decided to help her and shoved two fingers in her cunt. She pulled her hand back and gripped the seat back as she came hard.
Candy said. "That was incredible."
I asked her if she was talking about how hard she came or them sharing her cunt.
She smiled and said that one lead to the other
Bret and Liz were still kissing when I got back on the road.
Candy laid back in her seat and relaxed after such an intense orgasm.
Heidi too sat up but I could see her perfect lil tits moving while she was again stroking Bret's cock.
All anyone of us could hear for the next few miles was heavy breathing. Candy resumed stroking my cock.
There was a rest stop 2 miles ahead and I asked if anyone needed to stop. They all said they were fine but Candy said to pull in anyway.
Candy pointed our where she wanted me to park. It was nowhere near the restrooms.
She looked back at Liz and asked her, "You mind trading places?"
Liz asked Bret if he minded. "Not at all." He said.
Candy put her seat up, opened her door and got out. Liz followed suit. Before Candy got in the back she finally took her skirt totally off.
As Liz got in I got my first unobstructed view of her body before the doors were closed and the dome lights shut off. What I thought was hot before turn out to be the most incredible body I'd ever hoped to see.
She wasn't shaved like I had thought. I found it much hotter than that. Rather, the hair on her pussy was so blonde and sparse it was like looking at a dandelion about to blow away in the breeze. Her clit was big enough to see poking out.
I thought I would pass out until Candy spoke and brme back to reality. "Ok. Now where were we? Oh, now I remember. Bret was getting his beautiful cock sucked and I was stroking Dave's cock while he had his fingers inside of me. Let's go."
As I backed out of the parking spot I saw Candy's head drop. Bret let out an "Oh fuck." Telling me that Candy had his cock in her mouth.
Liz turned sideways, knelt in her seat and watched as Candy worked her magic. As she watched she reached over and grabbed only the second cock she had ever touched. Mine.
I reached between her legs to find her as wet as Candy had been. I pulled them away frim her and devoured her juice like it was ambrosia.
She turned facing me and looked at my cock as she stroked it. My hand went right back for more. Her smallish hand stroked me slow and soft as I reapplied her juice to my fingers.
She looked into the back once again then back at me and said in disbelief. "She's got his whole cock in her mouth."
I said. "Yea. She's pretty good at that." As I pulled my fingers from her raising my hand for another taste. She grabbed my wrist with her free hand and guided my fingers to her mouth. She licked and sucked my fingers like they were tiny cocks.
I was astonished. "You like the taste of pussy?" I asked.
She quit sucking my fingers long enough to say. "And sperm."
I went back to fingering her cunt.
From the sounds of things Bret was on the verge of cumming.
I asked Candy if she wanted him to cum. She never stopped. She just hummed, what I assumed to be a yes.
Liz chimed in as her one hand sped up on my cock and her other went to town on her clit. "Cum in her mouth. Make her swallow that big load. That's it. Suck that cock Candy. Make my husband cum."
Bret shouted. "Don't stop! Don't stop! I'm cuming."
Liz's went into orgasmic convolutions and she gripped my cock like a vice as she watched Candy swallow her husband's cum.
I pulled my fingers from Liz and breathlessly said. "My turn."
Without any further prompting Liz leaned over the console and took my cock in her mouth. She sucked the head while she stroked the cum out of me and into her beautiful mouth.
She was humming and cooing as I shot volley after volley in her mouth."
Candy was really into it encouraging Liz. "That's it you little slut. Suck my husband's cock like I sucked yours. You better swallow it all."
Liz didn't stop after I was finished. She kept sucking.
Candy turned her attention to Bret. "Insatiable little cocksucker isn't she?"
"Once she gets a taste of cum she always wants more." He told her.
I had to stop her. I was too sensitive and was afraid of crashing and killing us all.
I was breathing so heavily that Candy asked me if I was going to be ok. I told her that I will be in a minute or two. She laughed and asked. "She that good uh?"
"oh yea." Was all I could muster.
I took my still slimy finger that had been in Liz's cunt and offered them to her.
Bret and Candy watched as Liz fellated my fingers until the evidence was gone.
We were all satisfied for now and we still had a couple hours until we got to Salina.
I slowed down and started to pull over when Candy asked what I was doing. "I gotta pee." I told her. Bret said he did too.
Bret and I got out and walked to the back of the truck to pee. I asked him if he was ok. He said that he couldn't be better Candy was amazing.
I said. "Yea. She sucks a mean dick. So does Heidi. But I was talking about with Heidi I mean Liz now I guess."
"Hey. It's ALL good. And after what just happened, Im going to give you the same freedoms you gave me. You just can't fuck Liz in the ass until I have."
"Deal" I said as we finished and added. "Do you mind driving for a little while?"
As we got back in the truck Candy asked what we were talking about. I told her that it was probably the same thing thay were.
She said. "Probably. Now get those pants off. If we're going to be naked I wanna see that cock. That goes for you too Bret."
He lifted his ass off of the seat and pulled his pants to his kees as I totally removed my shorts. "Better?" I asked sarcastically. Liz looked back at me and said it was much better.
Bret told Liz that he wanted to see what she had bought. As Candy handed Liz the bag I told her to hand me the one we had brought. I wanted to make sure Liz got the identical items.
With each Item Candy pulled out of the bag Liz pulled out an identical Item and said. "Check."
When our bag was empty. Liz reached into her bag and took out two remote control vibrators and handed one to Candy. It was my turn to say. "Check."
She then took out a twelve inch leather paddle. It was Bret's turn. "Check."
She reached into the bag one more time and took out two black blindfolds and handed one to Candy.
"Checkmate." Candy said.
"Nice touch girls." I said. Candy gave the credit for those to being Liz's idea.
"What shall we try first?" Bret asked.
I suggested the nipple clamps. I love how they look with the chain dangling between them.
Candy showed Liz how to adjust the thumb screw as she put hers on. Telling Liz to start with them open big then adjust them tight enough for them to pinch almost to the point of pain but not quite. That way they're pleasurable and won't fall off even if they're tugged on a little.
Liz adjusted the thumb screw to what she thought would work and put it on her nipple. It fell right off. She gave it a couple twists and tried again.
"Oh fuck! That hurts so good!" she said as she put the second one on.
Bret reached over and gave the chain a little tug. Liz told him to stop or she was going to cum again.
Candy looked at me and whispered. "Looks like we have a little pain slut on out hands."
"Good to know. I'll have to remember that." I told her. She chuckled as she called me a bad man.
Candy told her to try the rings next. Liz all but screamed when she took the clamps off.
She took a few seconds to catch her breath before pulling a ring apart and attaching it to her nipple. She let out another moan of pleasure then put the other one on.
Liz leaned back in her seat, put her feet on the dash and drove two fingers palm deep in her cunt and started pounding on her clit. "I'm gonna cum!" she shouted.
"Cum for us Baby." Bret told her. "Shove those fingers in there nice and deep. Show Candy and Dave what a slut you can really be."
Candy started rubbing her clit and I was stroking another hard on listening to Bret talk to Liz.
Candy said ot me. "This is so hot. He's calling her a slut. I guess behind closed doors she's not as innocent as we thought."
Liz's other hand went to her clit as she pulled her fingers from her cunt and shoved them in her mouth.
"That's the little slut I know and love." Bret said. "You love the taste of that cunt. Don't you?"
She came as hard as I've ever seen Candy cum. Nodding her head yes then clasped in her seat trying to catch her breath before removing the rings from her nipples.
Still rubbing her clit, Candy put her head against the passenger side window and spread her legs. One on the back of the seat by the back window and the other between the front seats. She told me. "Get that cock over here and fuck me with it."
I got on my knees between her leg ready to fuck Candy. Liz screamed. "Not yet. Hand me my phone. It's in the seat pocket. I wanna record this."
I handed her her phone as Candy, still rubbing her clit, said. "Will you hurry up?"
Liz said she was ready and had Bret turn on the dome lights. Then she said to me. "Put it in nice and slow. I want to watch it disappear in her."
I grabbed my cock and guided it to Candy's cunt. I moved her hand and teased her clit up and down a few time while she moaned.
While Liz narraated for Bret. I did as she had asked and slowly slid balls deep into Candy.
"Now take it all the way out and do it again." Liz said.
Candy was frustrated and told Liz. "Hey! You can tell him what to do when he's fucking you. Until then, will you please just shut up and watch. Now will you just fuck me damn it."
"Oookkk." Liz said with disappointment in her voice.
I starded fucking Candy for all I was worth. Slamming my pelvis against her clit with each thrust. She wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my ass pulling me in tight as she said she was going to cum.
"That's it. Cum on that big cock. I wanna see it cover with your cum." Liz said.
Bret said to Liz. "You probably want to suck his cock after he cums in her. Don't you my little cum slut."
Candy came first and I was only a second behind announcing I was cuming too.
Liz told Bret she'd love to if Candy wasn't going to.
Candy looked surprised and said. "I came so I'm done with it. Have at it if you want it."
Before I pulled out of Candy I grabbed Liz's phone from her and pointed it at my slimy cock. Then I pulled out of Candy. Making sure to cover my cock with as much of my cum as I could that was oozing out of her.
I leaned back and pointed the phone at Liz and said. "Come and get it you little cum slut." Using Bret's term.
She crawled over the console and with her naked ass facing the windshield took my cock in her mouth.
Candy motioned for the phone and I handed it to her. She leaned down and got a good closeup of Liz cleaning my cock and said. "Don't miss anything. There's some of my cum on his balls. Get that too."
Liz cooed as she took her mouth from my cock and started sucking my my balls one at a time.
Candy said, " Aren't you just the eager little cum loving slut?"
Liz said, "I've loved cum since the first time Bret made me suck his cock and he came in my mouth. I've sucked his cock at least twice a day since then."
Bret spoke up and said. "Get up here and finish me off Slut. I've been stroking since they stared fucking and I'm ready to feed you another load."
Liz crawled back up and put her face in his lap. He put his hand on the back of her head a fucked her mouth.
"Fuck yea! Swallow that cum you fucking slut." He mumbled.
When he was done. Liz sat up and said. "Fuck I love that."
Candy asked. "What part? Swallowing cum or being called a slut?"
"Both actually." Liz replied.
Candy said. "Good to know.....Slut."
We all snickered.
"I dont get it." I said. "You've both lead us to believe that you were some meek little virtuous housewife and not some cum guzzling slut. What gives?"
Liz explained. "I am the, as you put it, meek little housewife when I'm out of the house or when we have people over. But when we're alone I've always been his cum craving pain slut. I never even let him take pictures until recently for fear someone would see them and find out about me. But you and Candy convinced me to relax about all of that. After long conversations with Bret I decided I was going to just drop my guard with you two and be myself "
Bret spoke up in her defense. "Trust me. This wasn't an easy decision for her. She's been scared, albeit excited all week. I gave her one last chance to back out on our way to your house after work. She likes and trusts you guys and wanted to see if you would accept her for what she truly is."
Candy said. "Thanks for trusting us like we're trusting you with this. I think we'll all have a lot of fun even after this trip."
Liz said. "I hope so. So far I've had a blast. I hope this is just the beginning."
It was midnight when we got to the hotel. I told the girls to wait in the truck while Bret and I checked us in.
We got adjoining room each with two queen size beds. When we got back to the truck the girls were dressed and ready to go.
As I was getting the suitcases out of the bed of the truck I heard Bret ask. "Who told you to get dressed? Get those close off and grab the toy bags."
All Candy got out was. "But what" Before Bret cut her off.
"Our rooms are near the end of the hall on the first floor. We'll go in the side entrance." He barked.
As I walked the bags to the front of the truck the girls stepped out in all of their naked glory. As we walked to the side of the building we could see some curtains open and people watching tv in their rooms. But no one was paying attention to what was going on outside.
We carded ourselves in and walked half way down the hall with the girls following close behind. Surprisingly, both rooms opened on the first try.
I threw the suitcase on the bed. Candy grabbed her bathroom bag and said she was going to hop in the shower.
I opened the connecting door to find Bret doing the same. I said, "Hi-de-ho neighbor." The reference was lost on him. But, it made me smile.
Bret said that Liz was in the shower and assumed Candy was too.
I asked him if he was sure that he was ok with all of this so far.
He said. "I couldn't be happier. I only ever dreamed of seeing Heidi I mean Liz like this but never thought anything would ever happen. I hope it sticks."
"I hope for your sake it does." I told him. "That girl is insatiable. Definitely gives Candy a run for her money."
I heard the show stop and said to Bret. "Guess it's my turn. See you in a bit."
As I grabbed my toothbrush, razor and soap from the suitcase, Candy came out with one towel wrapped around her and using another to dry her hair.
I grabbed the towel that was wrapped around her and threw it on the bed. "You don't need that." I told her.
"I guess not. Just force of habit." She said.
on the spur of the moment, I decided to shave my junk. So, It took me longer than usual in the shower.
When I opened the bathroom door I heard Liz saying. "Put it in nice and slow. I want to watch it disappear in her."
I looked into the room expecting to see Bret about to fuck Candy. What I saw was, Bret and Liz sitting on one bed and Candy sitting on the other. The three of them watching the video Liz had taken of me about to fuck Candy in the truck. She had streamed it to the tv in our room.
Bret looked at me and said. "She couldn't wait." Referring to Liz.
Candy looked at me and smiled. "Look at you. All nice and smooth. And your face too." She said.
As I walked towards them I said to her. "Yep. I figured since you are I would be too."
As I walked by Liz I jumped a little as she caught me off guard when she reached out and grabbed my smooth cock with one hand and my balls in the other.
Bret jokingly scolded her. "Where are your manners? His wife is sitting right there. Don't you think you should ask her before doing that?"
Liz, still holding on to me, turned to Candy with a sheepish smile and said, "I'm sorry. I should have asked you first."
Candy replied, "It's Ok this time just don't let it happen again. You wanna let go of him now?"
"Oh yea. Sorry again." Liz laughed as she started stroking Bret's boner.
I sat next to Candy and she took over where Liz left off. "So nice and smooth." She said.
What Liz's hands had started, Candy's finished. I was rock hard.
By this time in the video I was hammered Candy pretty hard and listening to Liz encouraging Candy to cum on my cock.
I was rubbing Candy's clit while she slowly stroked me.
I got up leaned against the headboard and had Candy lean her back against me. Now I could use both hands. I rubbed her clit with one and played with her nipples with the other as we watched Liz clean my cock on the tv.
While we were repositioning Liz had dropped to her knees and had Bret's cock in her mouth.
Candy said "I like sucking cock. But that girl takes it to another level."
Bret but his hand on Liz's head guiding her mouth, looked back at us and told Candy, "It a labor of love for her. She knows one way or another she'll get to have my cum in her mouth."
I whispered in Candy's ear. "Go join her. I want to see you suck his cock. I was driving before and didn't get to watch."
Candy got up and walked over and knelt beside Liz. I grabbed my phone to record them.
Being a total smartass she tapped Liz on the shoulder and asked. "Excuse me. But may I join you in sucking your husband's cock?"
Liz laughed and said. "Why, yes you may. Thanks for asking first."
In frustration Bret said. "Will you two just shut the fuck up and suck me?"
I had to laugh.
"If you insist." Candy said then took him balls deep in her throat. Eliciting a gruntle moan from Bret.
Liz got up and came over to me. She got between my legs and keeping her ass in the air, grabbed my balls in one hand and guided my cock to her mouth with the other.
I had to stop her. I rolled her over and got my head between her legs for my first close up view of the most beautiful pussy I'd ever hoped to see. She was literally dripping. It was covered with the most delicate blonde hair. Her inner lips were small and her clit was prominent.
Bret already had Candy in the same position and was eating her out as she moaned.
I grabbed Liz behind the knees and pushed them almost to her shoulders opening her up for my mouth.
She grabbed her the back of her knees, freeing my hands to explore her body.
I licked her juices before I stuck my tongue in her as far as I could. This cunt tasted as good as it looked.
Being encouraged by her moans I wrapped my lips around her clit and suck while flicking the tip with my tongue. I reached up and grabbed a nipple in each hand and pinched them hard between my thumb and forefinger. She jerked her clit from my mouth and I thought her pelvis broke my nose.
While catching my breath I looked over to see Bret sitting on Candy's chest face fucking her. I said to him. "You know. She's got a cunt for that?" Then went right back to licking Liz.
I let go of her tits, grabbed and spread her cheeks. "No time like the present." I thought as I licked her asshole before tongue fucking it. It was all I could do to hold onto her. She went nuts.
She begged me to please stop for a second. She said. "Bret is going to fuck Candy and I want to watch for a second."
I turned my head and Liz and I both watched as Bret entered only the second cunt of his life.
"Oh fuck! Your so wet!" He said.
Candy said. "Oh my god. You don't know how long I've wanted this. Now fuck me you bastard."
When I went back to the task at hand, actually mouth, I had to move Liz's fingers from her cunt. I pushed them toward her mouth and she devoured them while I licked her and she watched Bret fuck Candy.
She put her hand on my head forcing my mouth tight against her clit and said. "She must be soaked. His cock looks like it's covered with foam.
It was time to bring her back to what I was doing. I slipped one than two fingers inside of her turned them over and started rubbing her G spot. I think she actually started crying as she let go of my head.
I took my fingers out of her and replaced them with my tongue while putting a cunt covered finger on her ass before shoving it all of the way in. She screamed she was cuming as her ass clinched on my finger like a vice.
Bret wasn't far behind. He asked Candy if he had to pull out. I turned my head to see her wrap her legs around his ass and say. "Don't even think about it. I want to feel you cumming in me."
Liz said to him. "That's it Honey. Feed that fucking cunt. Fill her up."
I sat up and we watched as his ass clinched. Signifying he was unloading in Candy.
Candy kept encouraging him to keep cumming in her. As her feet pulled him in tighter.
When she released him He rolled over on his back. Liz jumped to the other bed and took his cock in her mouth humming and cooing as she cleaned his cock of the combined cum.
As Liz was cleaning Bret I told Candy. "Do not move. I'm the only one who hasn't cum yet and I wanna fuck that sloppy cunt."
I stood beside the bed and offered my cock to Candy's mouth. She rolled to her side and took me in.
As I backed up she rolled back onto her back and spread her legs wide. But before I could get on the bed. Liz lifted off of Bret's cock and dove mouth first onto Candy's cum filled cunt.
Candy freaked out a little telling Liz. "No no no! Not this." As she tried to push her away. But Liz had her arms under Candy's legs and a death on her thighs.
Candy's head went back as she cried out. "Oh my god. I can't believe you're doing this."
Liz said. "It's my first time too. My husband's cum is in there and I want it back." As she put her mouth back on Candy's cunt we could hear her sucking and slurping.
I said. "Hey! I was gonna fuck that you little slut."
Bret sitting in disbelief said. "I never expected that."
Then as he got on his knees behind Liz and lifted her hips in the air he said to me. "Here you go. Fuck this little slut while I video. Its her first time eating pussy and I want keep the memory."
As I got behind Liz, Candy panted. "Oh fuck! She's gonna make me cum. She just put her finger in my ass! You nasty little slut. Suck that fucking cum out of me your husband put in there."
Bret was videoing from the other bed but came over and got a closer shot of his wife about to take her second cock.
I asked him if he was ready and he said he had a good view. I put the tip at her entrance, grabbed her hip and looking at Candy as I slammed balls deep into Liz's cunt making her scream.
"Perfect. Keep hammering her." Is all Bret had to say.
Holy shit was she tight. If she hadn't been so wet I would have pealed the skin off of my cock doing that. As it was, it still stung a little bit. Which, I hoped, would make me last longer.
Candy grabbed the back of Liz's head, pulled her mouth tight her cunt and said. "Keep eating. You're not done until Dave cums in your cunt."
Bret was taking it the whole scene from the headboard to my feet. Documenting ever lick, moan and thrust.
Candy teasing Liz said to her. Maybe I should tell Dave to finish in your ass."
Bret spoke up. "Not until I've fucked her ass first."
"You just lucked out slut." Candy said.
Bret made a slapping motion with his hand. I nodded to him and brought an open handed smack down hard on Liz's ass causing her to jump. I could feel her cunt tighten around me.
As I continued to slap Liz's ass Candy said she had forgotten Liz was also into pain. She leaned up put her hand under Lizs chest and grabbed her by the nipples.
Liz lifted her head and said she was going to cum. Candy pushed her head back down with one hand and squeezed Liz's nipple with the other.
Liz was cumming in convulsions and gripping my cock to the point I was about to lose it.
I grabbed her hips and hate fucked her for a few seconds before I screamed that I was cuming as I pushed into her as hard as I could. I don't remember ever cuming that hard. Even though I was finished cuming my cock didn't stop pulsing.
Bret motioned for me not to move yet. He got down next to Liz's ass, pointed the camera at her cock filled cunt and gave me a thumbs up.
As I started to slowly pull out, Candy said the Liz. "Put your hand down there! Don't you dare waste my husband's gift."
Liz got up on her hands and knees and I could feel her hand on my balls as I backed out. Bret was in the perfect position to video her fresh cream pie leaking into her hand.
I got out of his way and stood between the two beds as as he videoed.
Candy shocked me more that she ever had. She rolled over on her side, grabbed my hips and took my slimy softening cock in her mouth and sucked it.
"Ok." I thought. "I've either died or I'm dreaming." I really didn't care either way. My wife was sucking another woman's cum off of my cock.
I looked over and Bret was videoing Liz licking my cum from her hand. Then she stuck her fingers in to get more.
I had to tell Candy to stop. My cock was way too sensitive.
"If you insist." She said as she leaned back against the headboard again.
It was just after two and I was whooped. I went to the other bed and laid dow. I told them. "I hate to be a party pooper but I'm beat. My dick and I need to get to sleep."
They all laughed. Then Bret said to Liz. "Let's go to our room and let the old man get some rest."
I flipped him the bird and told him to keep it down over there.
He grabbed his boner and said he was going to try to get it down. They went ito their room and closed the door.
Candy came and laid beside me. She rolled over looking at me and said. "Holy shit. What a day. I've never cum so much or so hard in my life. They're like fucking machines. And I do mean fucking machines."
"I know." I said. "I never thought anyone could crave cum as much as that girl does. And what was with you sucking me after I came in her? You said you were NEVER going to taste another woman's pussy?"
"It was the heat of the moment. I was still so hot from her eating Bret from me I guess I lost my mind." She said.
We could hear Liz moaning and screaming. Obviously Bret was trying to get it down.
"There they go again." I said. " By the way. How was it?"
"Incredible! Her tongue is longer that it looks. Sorry Honey. But no man can compare to how she made me cum." She said.
Talking over the sound of Bret fucking Liz I said. "Thanks. But that's not what I meant. I meant sucking me after I came in her and playing with her tits"
"Oh that?" Candy said as though it were an after thought. "It wasn't bad at all. But probably not something I'd do again. But not bad. As for her tits. I just wanted to hurt her. Besides it helped her cum which helped you cum."
We heard Bret roar as he had undoubtedly just came in Liz again.
"It's about time." I said "Now we can go to sleep in peace and quiet. Good night Cancice. Thank you for everything. I love you so much."
"Good night Dave. I love you too." She whispered.
To be continued....