We talked about Bake Night for several days afterwards. Danielle expressed how turned on she was, knowing that another man, in addition to me, was looking at her ass, wanting all of her. Her words didn't indicate if she wanted contact with another male or not but her tone and smile made me think she did. I tried beating around the bush and asking the question several different ways. Finally I came out and asked her if she wanted another man to touch her. She was unsure. She said that thought did excite her, she just didn't know if she could go through with it. She felt bad about the first Bake Night where she chickened out and didn't want that to happen again. We just left it at that.
That Friday morning I asked if she wanted to go that night. She was half naked and half asleep when I asked but she gave me a short "sure" and rolled over. Later in the day I called and suggested that we have some fun. She asked what I had in mind. I told her since she was unsure if she wanted another man, let along James, to touch her, we should find out. A long conversation ensued and I gave her some ideas on how we might accomplish such a thing. She said we could figure something out.
She was already getting ready when I got home from work. Danielle had a lot of sexy underwear and lingerie for the bedroom. She also had some sexy outfits but nothing that really said "Fuck me". She was wearing a cute skirt she had that usually went a few inches above the knees. I had to take a second look at it because it seems like it was going a few more inches above the knees. I mentioned it and she pulled up her silk blouse to show me she had pulled it up a little higher than normal. Ideas rushed into my perverted mind. I suggest pulling it up a little more. I suggested no panties. I suggested pulling it up a little more with no panties. She agreed to pull it up a little more but insisted on wearing panties, for now. The conversation about how many buttons should be left undone was short. I recommended only the one at the bottom of the blouse and she got what she wanted which was the button just below where her bra clasped in the front.
We agreed to go to a bar that we had never been to. Danielle said that if she was going to delve further into the kink we were learning to enjoy, she didn't want too many friends knowing or seeing her. The plan that we had agreed upon was me going into the bar a few minutes before her and then she would go in and set alone at the bar, order a drink, and then we would see what happened.
The bar was poorly lit which would make things interesting. I walked around and found a seat at a small table that would provide a good view of the bar no matter where she sat. Five minutes later she walked in and took a quick look around. She made a beeline towards the restrooms and I worried that something was wrong. Did she change her mind? Had I pushed too far? Was she scared? Did she just have to pee? As she was walking towards the powder room she dropped something on the floor that I was probably the only one who could see. I couldn't be sure but it looked like it was the panties she was wearing. I wanted to go look but she came walking out of the ladies room towards the bar. My curiosity would have to wait.
She took a seat at the bar and order what looked to be a rum and coke. She spun around on the seat sipping her drink. She spread her legs just a little so that I could see up her skirt. It was her panties that she had dropped on the floor so I would know she didn't have them on. I started to get hard.
It didn't take long before somebody approached her. This guy looked like he had spent too man years working behind a desk in a dark cave. He had a bulging mid-section and was quite pale. They chatted for a bit and then he ordered a couple of drinks. Danielle hadn't even finished half her first drink and this guy already had another one lined up for her. As she sipped and laughed all I could think about was "this guy?" I thought she would have held out for a hunk but maybe this felt safe.
After a little chit-chat she whispered something in his ear and did a quarter turn on the bar stool until she was facing him, legs spread slightly. He made a similar quarter turn facing her. I couldn't hear what was being said but he put his hand on her knee and she smiled at him. I was fully erect at this point. Danielle had become keenly aware that she was in control of two men at that very moment.
Danielle and Casper had only been talking for about 15 minutes before he got a very shocked look on his face. She smiled wickedly, took his hand, and put it on her knee. He smiled and slid his hand up her thigh a little. The more Danielle smiled the more his hand moved up her thigh. It didn't take long before I could no longer see his hand that had slid up her skirt. What I could see was the reaction on her face when his fingers found the spot. At first there were trying to be discrete about what was going on but it didn't take long before her movements and breath gave them both away. Although I don't think she climaxed, I was sure she was wet. He sheepishly pulled his hand from under her skirt and casually licked his finger.
Danielle finished whispered something to Casper and then walked away and headed towards the door.
"What happened?" I asked.
"He freaked out when I told him my husband was in the bar watching." She said she thought that would turn him on. I had to remind her that there are still vanilla people in the world.
As Danielle walked towards the car she told me to follow her, she wanted to try a different bar. This comment said A LOT. Now I was fairly certain that she wanted men, or at least a man, touching her. How much and to what extent I wasn't sure but she did want to be touched.
We pulled up at another bar we had never been to. Again, I walked in and found my spot. Danielle walked in and I immediately noticed that she had pulled the skirt up more and had unbuttoned her top down to her pierced navel. I knew this was going to be good. She looked over at me and winked. She walked over to a man setting at the bar and it didn't even take 30 seconds before he was buying her a drink. It only took another minute or two before his hand was in her skirt. It was apparent she was on a mission once she started rubbing his cock through his pants. She slid her top open so that he could see her beautiful tits. At this point there were a few others who had noticed what was going on. She proceeded to unzip is pants and put her hand inside. Her up and down strokes seemed to be in unison with his fingers thrusting in and out of her. She said something to him and he smiled as he turned and winked at me. I guess he wasn't freaked out by the fact I was watching. It didn't take long before he was trying to suppress the thrust of his hips while he orgasmed. Danielle slowly removed her hand from his pants and wiped his seed on a napkin. He pulled his hands away from her. Judging from the look on her face, she did not get hers this time. She gave him a little hug goodbye and headed towards the door. I met her outside and she said she was ready for the next Bake Night. She then stripped naked in the parking lot and we fucked on the hood of her car.