Chapter One:
It's been a quiet week here in Pismo Beach. I'm still recuperating from my role as a glory hole stud. My friend, Lynette, asked me to entertain a lady from Iowa she had met. Lynette is the Assistant Manager at our local adult sex shop. She set her friend up in one of the video booths and had me stuff my cock through the glory hole from the adjoining booth. Marta, the Iowa cutie used her mouth and sweet pussy to coax two orgasms from me.
After my duties were completed, the three of us spent the remainder of that day back at Lynette's house. We experimented with various positions and sex toys that Lynette owns. Suffice it to say the three of us enjoyed using butt plugs, strap-ons, vibrators, and for me a very tight cock ring. It kept my shaft hard enough to please both ladies several times. I was also able to use my oral skills to keep their pussies wet and flowing with cum.
I am dozing in front of my flat screen when my cell phone lights up and gets me to my feet. It's Karen on the other side. She and I met a couple of months ago on Amtrak. We met in the Observation Car when she spotted me reading a James Patterson novel. Since he is one of her favorite authors, she sat down, and we struck up a friendly conversation.
As the train rambled through the High Sierra Mountains, I learned that she was on her way to Chicago to stay with her daughter and new baby granddaughter. At the time she was wearing a cute sweatshirt that readGrandmas Are Cool.I have to say she filled out that sweatshirt quite nicely. Her big tits stretched the material to the bursting point. Anyway, I was traveling to Denver to meet up with some high school friends that I'm hadn't seen in many years. After enjoying a long conversation with Karen, where I found out that she is a widow living in Santa Clara, California, she asked me to join her for dinner. I gladly accepted.
Karen had reserved a sleeper since she was traveling for two days. This allowed her privacy to change clothes and when we met for dinner... Wow! She was dressed in a smart looking black dress, cut at mid-thigh. The front was low-cut and every time she bent over her breasts threatened to spill out. Karen displayed a lot of cleavage. I am sure it was for my benefit, because each time she caught me staring she flashed a knowing smile.
Dinner was lovely, and the wine was flowing. After dinner, we parted ways; she to her sleeper and me to the standard coach seat. As we walked back, I suggested that we meet again in the future, perhaps a camping trip to Big Sur for some great hiking and beach time might be fun. She respondedThat would be delicious. Let's make plans.
I thought that would be the last time I saw Karen, boy was I wrong. Around 11:30 at night I felt a tap on my shoulder and awoke to find Karen standing over me wearing a light purple satin nightgown that left little to the imagination. She thought I would be uncomfortable sleeping in the chair all night and welcomed me to share her bed. At first it was just to sleep, but somewhere in the middle of the night we woke up with my hard-on pressing into her ass. She wrapped her hand around my shaft and that was the start of a beautiful night of making love. Actually, it was early morning around 2:00 AM. We were fueled in our passion by a couple in the sleeper next door who were very loud and fucking their brains out. That was quite an adventure, it was our adventure of "Riding the Rails".
You can see why I am now incredibly excited that Karen is calling.
"Hi Karen, it's so great to hear your voice again. How was your stay in Chicago? Did you enjoy your time with the grand baby?"
"Hi Rob, it's so nice to hear you again too. I wanted to call sooner, but I just got home from Chicago. I stayed a lot longer than planned and was constantly busy with the kids. I didn't want them to hear our conversation and then try to explain myself. But every day I thought of you and our special night."
"It definitely was a special night. I keep playing it back in my mind, you are an incredible lover."
"Well thank you and so are you. I might add you have a very talented tongue that I hope to experience again. I love Chicago, it's such a lively city and so much to do. That's part of the reason, I stayed so much longer. So many sites to see and especially nice to be with my granddaughter. She is so precious. So, remember when we talked about meeting up in Big Sur? I know it's a couple of months later than we planned, but can we make it happen?"
"Geez Karen, do you even have to ask? Yes, we are going to make it happen. I'll check out a few parks online and let you know what I find. I can pick you up and we'll take the trailer down the Coast Highway."
"Oh no Rob, that's way out of your way, I couldn't let you do that. Let's meet in Big Sur and I'm sure we'll have the time of our lives. I still can't get the sounds of that other couple on the train out of my head. They got me so horny, well you remember, we had quite the night ourselves."
My cock is getting hard just speaking with Karen, "I'm sure we can recreate some of those sounds ourselves in my trailer, and we won't have to worry about the neighbors hearing us."
"Rob, you are bad, and I love it so much. You pick the spot and we'll meet next Monday in Big Sur. I can't wait. My vibrator is going to get a lot of use between now and then."
"Well I'd better make that reservation right now, otherwise we'll be burning up the phone lines with phone sex."
"That wouldn't be such a bad thing. But, you're right, you need to make reservations right now. Text me with the details and I'll be on my way."
"Good night my love."
Karen whispers a sexy, "Bye."
My cell line drops off and I feel a bit of sweat on my brow, not to mention a raging hard-on. I'll need to relieve this soon, but right now I need RV reservations. I surf the web for various locations in Big Sur. I have a few to choose from and spend time looking at the websites and reading reviews. Some are mega-expensive, and others are more reasonably priced. But that's to be expected in this area along the California coast.
One RV Park has a great location close to the ocean, but it only garnered three stars on Yelp. I look closer and most of the negative reviews are about the size of the spaces and lack of amenities. The consensus is if you have a trailer over thirty feet, look somewhere else and if you have a motor home, don't even bother. One positive review said the park overlooks Highway 1 with a gorgeous view of the Pacific Ocean. The grounds harken back to the hippy days of the 60s and 70s when Big Sur was the capital of free love. But don't expect the luxuries found at most RV resorts.
Well, this sounds intriguing as I only have a 25-foot trailer and I don't need any resort amenities. I have a queen size bed and room to share it with Karen. That's all I need. The view of the Pacific Ocean is a definite plus. Upon further inspection, this park doesn't even have a website, only a phone number to call.
I make the phone call and speak to a lady with a quiet, unassuming voice. I ask about pricing, the sites and layout of the facility. She relates that it is a small park with only fifteen sites, currently there are plenty available for the following week and the price is a steal for the area. In the back of my head, I think that something might be amiss, but I go for it anyway. After all Karen and I might never leave my trailer. I provide my registration details and credit card number. I ask for the confirmation number and she says she doesn't have one, she just writes names on a sheet of paper. This place is definitely low tech. Then she addsyou can have number five for a numberand laughs. Well, I guess I am rolling the dice on this place.
I text Karen and let her know we are set for the week, Monday through Friday, and send her the address. She texts back that she forgot about an appointment on Monday but will arrive first thing Tuesday morning. She added...don't go looking for any company on Monday, I want that hard cock all to myself for the week.Well, this hard cock needs relief right now, so I am off to find my Fleshlight.
Chapter Two:
The road to Big Sur winds along the California coast with spectacular views of the Pacific Ocean. As I approach the RV Park near McWay Beach, I nearly pass it by. There is only a small handmade sign posted on the side of the road pointing to a narrow dirt path. This is not your typical resort. I pull my rig along the dirt path 500 yards until I see a log cabin with a sign stating 'office'. A quick look around affirms this is no resort, however I do see several spaces that contain electric and water hook-ups.
I step inside the office and am greeted by a lovely lady wearing a colorful caftan with long straight hair highlighted by strands of grey. My first impression is that she is a child of the sixties generation. Her broad smile covers a face devoid of any makeup. She picks up a clipboard and studies the sheet of paper.
"Welcome, you must be Rob. You are the only one scheduled to arrive today. I'm Ginger the owner and official greeter."
I extend my hand, "Hi, I am indeed Rob. This is a lovely setting; however I almost drove right by it. You are definitely secluded back here."
Ginger laughs, "Yes we are, we're a wonderful secret for only a select group. If you want to experience what it was like back in the 60s and 70s, this is the place. My parents built this cabin as part of a commune back then; complete with hot tub and private beach. I really hope you'll enjoy your experience. We only have four reservations for this week, so drive around and pick any open space, just come back and let me know which one you pick."
"Thank you Ginger, I will. This all seems very informal, you don't have a web presence, confirmation numbers, assigned spaces. I love it already. Oh, by the way, I'll be joined by my lady friend tomorrow morning. Her name is Karen."
"I'll keep an eye out for her. But for now, just pretend you're back in the free love era, and you'll have a great stay. If you need anything at all, just ask, I live right here in the cabin."
I head out to look for a space along a circular drive, wondering what Ginger meant byI'll have a great stay if I pretend. I see the other three RVs settled in the park; they are spread out around the circle. I spot an open space to the left of a hiking trail that looks promising. As I drive around the circle, I pass a small Airstream. An older lady standing next to the door, smiles and waves. I wave back and do a double-take as I realize she is topless. Her pendulous breasts sway back and forth with her movement. I'm beginning to wonder just what is going on here.
I settle into my space, level my trailer and hook up my water and electric. I look over to the Airstream and the lady baring her tits has vanished. I begin to think I imagined it. Maybe I'm just too wound up over the prospect of being with Karen again. Speaking of which, I text her that I have arrived and let her know about the near hidden entrance to the RV Park.
I set up a couple of my camp chairs and grab a beer to sit outside. A warm mid-May breeze flowing out to the ocean presents a perfect day to relax. I stare out to the blue sea just beyond the coastal highway and contemplate Karen's arrival. My sunglasses cut down the reflective glare.
I'm wistfully thinking about Karen when I hear a door slam. I look back to the middle of the park where the sound came from and see the lady with the Airstream walking toward me. Oh my god, she is topless. I wasn't hallucinating after all. As she gets closer, I get a better view. She is wearing a tie-dye skirt that reaches the ground and is holding a glass of wine. Her breasts are large with some sag, much like Karen's. They swing to and fro with each step and look very alluring. Her thumb size nipples are centered within wide, light pink areole and appear to be quite erect.
I wonder if this is what Ginger meant by the free love era. This pretty lady doesn't bother to cover up, rather she seems very nonchalant about being topless. I stand as she walks right up to me and extends her free hand.
"Hi, I'm Audrey. It's nice to meet you, isn't it a lovely day?"
It's a good thing I'm wearing my sunglasses, otherwise she would see my eyes bugging out. I force myself to look her in the face, however, behind my sunglasses, my eyes dart up and down her perfect form.
"Hi, I'm Rob. It's nice to meet you too. I love your Airstream, they are so nice. Have you had it long?"
I offer Audrey a chair to sit and try to keep the conversation light in order to keep my cock in check. Audrey smiles and takes a sip of wine. As she lifts her hand to her mouth, I stare at her hanging tits with the erect nipples. I wonder if the breeze is keeping them hard.
"I've owned it for a couple of years; I bought it used. Ginger found it for me. One of her regular campers moved up to a brand new 35-foot Airstream and I was able to get a real deal on it. I don't know many people who can afford a new one. Unfortunately, that couple can't stay here anymore. Their new rig is too big for the park."
"No, I don't know many people who can afford one either. It looks like yours fits nicely in that space. So, you know Ginger? She seems like a nice lady."
Audrey stretches her shoulders back which makes her boobs push forward. I enjoy the view and I sip my beer while she speaks.
"Yes, she is. We were college roommates back in the late 80s and have remained best friends since then. She lets me camp here at a reduced rate, but don't tell her I told you"
Audrey laughs, and her tits shake back and forth. She continues talking as if it is quite natural for her to be topless. Uh oh, I feel my cock begin to stir. I hope I can keep it in check while we chat.
Audrey continues, "I love this park. The ocean view is spectacular, and the beach provides a lot of privacy. Ginger inherited the property from her parents and she is trying to maintain it like it was in the 60s and 70s. Have you seen the hot tub yet? It's a real throwback."
I take another sip of beer and stare, "No, not yet. I thought I'd rest a while and then look around. It sure is peaceful."
"It's very peaceful. Are you camping here alone?"
I realize Audrey sees only me and I think about what I should say, but I must stay true to Karen.
"I am tonight, but I expect a lady friend to join me tomorrow. We have reservations for the next five days."
Audrey grins, "Well, if you are free this evening, I would love to have you over for dinner. I'm cooking spaghetti and garlic bread. You can see the inside of the Airstream. I made a few changes to the interior with Ginger's help."
I let Audrey know that would be wonderful and thank her for the invitation. I ask her if I can bring anything and she says no, just my lovely personality. She stretches once again and tells me that she is going to grab a nap before dinner.
"Come on over around five and we'll share a bottle of wine before dinner. I'll give you a quick tour and then we can indulge ourselves in pasta. I'm so glad you found this little slice of heaven, Rob."
I smile and think to myself,not as much as me Audrey.
Audrey takes a final gulp of wine and clinks her empty glass against my bottle of beer. She turns and walks back to her trailer. As she heads to her Airstream, I look down and see my shaft pressing against my shorts. My bulge is readily apparent and I'm sure Audrey noticed. I keep my eyes glued to her svelte form until she opens her Airstream's door and slips inside. I need to slip inside my trailer and take care of a hard cock. I hadn't planned on masturbating so early today, but then again, I hadn't planned on seeing Audrey's boobs either.
As soon as I shut my trailer door, my shorts come off and I hop up on my queen size bed, cock in hand. I grip my dick with my right hand and stroke. A mental picture of Audrey has me at the point of no return. I picture her perfect swaying breasts and hard pink nipples. I tighten my grip around my throbbing shaft and erupt. Several thick ropes cum launch up in the air and land on my belly. A few more spurts dribble onto my fingers as I pump through a very satisfying orgasm. I raise my hand to my nose and inhale. I love the sweet smell of my cum. I think to myselfKaren cannot get here soon enough. I wish she was here right now.I doze off to a picture of Audrey's tits covered in my semen.
After a quick snooze, I am totally refreshed and cleaned up by five to five. Even though Audrey said I didn't need to bring anything to the party, I feel obliged to add to tonight's dinner. At precisely five o'clock, I knock on the Airstream door with fresh strawberries in one hand. Audrey opens the door and invites me inside. I can smell the marinara sauce simmering on the stove. I present the fruit and am rewarded with a kiss on the cheek.
"I told you to only bring yourself, but the strawberries are a welcome addition. Thank you so much. Come in and look around. Tell me what you think."
By the way, Audrey is no longer topless, although she might as well be. She is still wearing her tie-dye skirt, but now she has added a pink sleeveless tee that does nothing to hide her stiff nipples. I can see the faint outline of her wide areole through the thin material, but her nipples are on high beam. I'm not complaining.
"Ginger thought it would be fun to go retro with the interior, so I chose some colorful paisley material for backsplashes in the kitchen area and bathroom. We replaced all the door handles and fixtures with bronze accents. And you see the shag carpet. Take your shoes off and tell me what you think. It's so soft, isn't it?"
I kick off my trainers and slide my toes through the soft floor covering.
"Audrey this is so nice. Your trailer has an ambiance of 70s hippy. It reminds me of some of the vans from back in the day."
"I know, doesn't it? Well dinner is almost ready, would be a dear and pull the garlic bread out of the oven while I dish up the spaghetti. I poured us some red wine to complement our meal. Let's dig in."
Earlier, I was so transfixed by Audrey's tits, I didn't get a true vision of her facial features. She is strikingly beautiful with full pouty lips, sparkling green eyes and a cute dimple on her left cheek. It appears every time she smiles, which is often. Her dirty blond hair cascades down to her shoulders. I'm sure the hair color is from a bottle, since she and Ginger were in college during the late eighties, which puts them in their late forties or early fifties. I'm not going to ask.
We trade many stories as we eat. Audrey asks about Karen and how we met. I tell her all about our meeting on the train but leave out the sexual details. She is a nurse and works four days on and four days off. This provides a regular routine for her RV adventures, but she admits most of them are right here in the park.
Audrey inquires, "Did you get a chance to see the hot tub?"
I admit that I did not, and that I chose to take a little siesta before dinner. Of course, I didn't elaborate on masturbating with images of her big breasts floating through my head.
"I'll take you down to see it after dinner. Ginger said she would be there this evening, soaking her tired bones."
Dinner is delightful, and I tell Audrey that she outdid herself. There is a bit of a sexual vibe, as Audrey's nipples remain erect all the way through dessert. I offer to help with dishes, but she will hear nothing of the sort. She said the dishes will soak in the sink and we can go soak in the hot tub.
'Rob let's go down to the hot tub and find Ginger. She keeps towels down there, so you don't need to take anything."
Audrey grabs my hand as we leave her Airstream. I find it strange that she hasn't changed into a swimsuit or ask me about what I'm going to wear. She pulls me down the narrow path near my trailer. She is a lady on a mission. We walk down about 50 yards and come upon a wooden deck about 100 feet wide by 50 feet long with a large wooden hot tub in the middle. The hot tub is right out of 1970s and looks like it could accommodate at least 20 people.
My first thought is this would be the perfect location for an old school porn film. I can picture couples fucking on the deck while many others are humping in the spa. Tonight though, only Ginger is relaxing in the oversized tub of hot water. There is a 10-foot pole sticking up next to the hot tub with a bare light bulb shining down. It provides the only light other than the moon and stars.
Ginger sees us approach and waves us over to the tub. There is a wooden bench next to the tub with several towels on it, just as Audrey had mentioned.
Ginger smiles, "Hey you two, come on in. The water is hot and feels good on my achy bones. Hi Rob, I see you have met my friend Audrey. I hope she's been treating you well and behaving herself? She can be a sexy little minx."
"I have to say she's been the perfect hostess. She introduced herself this afternoon and then invited me over for a delicious spaghetti dinner this evening. Her Airstream has quite the retro look. Audrey said you had a hand in the design."
"I did indeed. Now come on in and join us in the tub."
"Ginger, I'm not exactly dressed for the water."
"Silly man, we don't dress for the hot tub, we get naked for the hot tub. Now off with your clothes."
I look over to the side and see Audrey has already removed her pink tee. Her big tits sway as she pushes her skirt down to the deck and steps out of it. She's not wearing underwear and her pussy is covered with a full bush of dark hair. Ginger reaches up and helps Audrey step down into the tub. She slinks down into the water and sits right next to Ginger. They both look at me and motion for me to hurry up.
"Come on Rob, take those clothes off. Ginger and I want to see some cock."
I watch Audrey turn and kiss Ginger on the lips. Ginger returns the kiss and wraps her arms around her college roommate. I'm dumbfounded, I was not expecting this scene. Almost on cue, they both tell me to hurry up and get in the water. Well, when in Rome? I'll have quite a story for Karen tomorrow.
I feel a bit awkward as they both know I'm attached to Karen this week. I wonder if a threesome is in store tonight. I unbuckle my shorts and push them down to my feet along with my boxers. My cock springs up and garners some whistles from the ladies. I finish undressing and step down into the wooden tub.
Ginger stands up to grab my hand. Her boobs emerge from the water and I am treated to a first look. Although, not as large as Audrey's, they are nice and round with small red nipples protruding from her alabaster skin. Her nipples immediately harden from the cool night air. Audrey reaches up and pinches her left nipple. Ginger swats her hand and pulls me down into the hot water.
Ginger whispers, "Now, doesn't this feel delightful."
I admit, "It is very nice. Look up at all the stars. I love the Big Sur sky."
Audrey confirms, "Yes, me too. It's one reason I love camping here. The stars and this precious lady."
Audrey slides against Ginger and pulls her in for another kiss. This one lasts much longer, and I watch their tongues play against each other. I feel my cock harden beneath the water. Audrey palms Ginger's tits as they continue to kiss. I move off to the side and watch the ladies enjoy each other's company. Several minutes pass before Audrey looks over.
"Gee, I'm sorry Rob, I guess we shouldn't ignore you. Too bad Karen isn't here tonight, we could all play together. When do you expect her to arrive?"
"Hopefully, first thing in the morning. She can't get here soon enough because watching you two is making my cock throb."
Ginger pipes in, "Sorry Rob, I guess we got a bit carried away. Tomorrow should be a lovely, warm day. When Karen gets here, take her down to the beach. The path next to the deck goes under the highway and leads to our private beach. You can only get there from this path, so you two will have plenty of privacy. The sandy beach is perfect for making love."
"Have you ever been to Avila Beach in my neck of the woods? I love to sunbathe in the clothing-optional area. Occasionally you'll catch people screwing out by the rock formations."
"Audrey responds, "Yep, Ginger and I have been there a few times. We know about the big rocks. We made love there once. I hope we're not making you uncomfortable with our honesty. We would love to take care of that beautiful cock for you, but we're committed to each other. Maybe you can ask Karen for a blowjob as soon as she gets here."
I watch Audrey as she speaks. Her hand is underwater and is moving freely between Ginger's thighs. I believe she is playing with her pussy. Ginger's eyes are closed, and she seems to enjoy the attention. I grab my shaft and pump it a few times. As I squeeze my shaft, I see Ginger shudder a little bit. I bet she just enjoyed a nice orgasm.
Ginger's eyes flutter open and she smiles at me. She stands up and water cascades over her round boobs.
"Well Rob, I think Audrey and I are going to call it a night. Be sure to tell Karen to make herself at home this week. Let her know, it's OK to go topless and sunbathe around the park. I'm sure you would love that. And do take her to the beach."
Audrey stands up next to Ginger and they help each other get out of the hot tub. As they stand on the deck drying each other, I see that Ginger also has a nice full bush between her thighs. I think these ladies love the 1970s fashions all too much. I stand on the hot tub bench and step out. My cock is rock hard and points out ninety degrees. Ginger and Audrey give me approving winks.
Ginger adds, "I think Karen is a very lucky lady."
I stroke my shaft a few times for their benefit and they both chuckle. I grab a towel to wrap around my waist, collect my clothes and the three of us walk back up the path. I escort them to Audrey's Airstream and leave them with a kiss on the cheek. I walk over to my trailer and a date with my Fleshlight.
Chapter Three:
Tuesday morning begins with a brilliant sun and blue skies overhead. It's too nice not to be outdoors, so I setup my camp stove on the table outside my trailer. Time to cook up some sausage and eggs while I anticipate Karen's arrival. While the coffee pot heats up on the burner, I look across the way to Audrey's Airstream. She is already outside laying on a chaise lounge and catching some rays. She is topless and applying sunscreen to her generous breasts. I have a momentary thought of running over and helping spread the lotion. I watch her grip and massage each giant boob slathering them with protection. She sees me watching and waves. My desire for Karen to get here is magnified.
Almost as if on cue, I see a canary yellow Mini-Cooper with a black top moving around the central loop which draws my attention away from Audrey and her very suckable nipples. The small car pulls up in front my trailer and stops. An older lady with willowy legs steps out - Karen!
I drop everything and rush to her side. We embrace, and our lips meet for a prolonged kiss. Finally, she is in my arms for the first time since we left each other in Denver. We enjoyed a final meal after a night of passion. Our hug is tight, and I feel the firm flesh of her breasts for the first time in three months. My cock responds to our union and Karen presses her hips into mine searching for my hard shaft.
We break apart to catch our collective breath and stare into each other's eyes. Her blue eyes sparkle. It's almost as if I am seeing her for the first again. Her lovely auburn locks cut short, but a tad longer than three months ago, pouty lips that I now know are very kissable and narrow hips leading to a very sweet pussy. She is wearing a short summer dress adorned with flowers on a yellow background matching the color of her car. The top is cut straight across, held up by one-inch straps. It is low enough to show of the tops of her round breasts which are no doubt pushed up by a designer bra from her girlfriend's lingerie shop.
"Karen, you look glorious this morning, did you have any problem finding this place?"
"Rob, I'm so happy to be here with you. I've missed you. No, I didn't have any problem thanks to your advice about looking for the small handmade sign. I pulled right in and stopped at the front desk. It is charming, and I met Ginger. She directed me right to your space. She also said that you mentioned me and have been gushing about my staying with you. How sweet are you?"
"I may have mentioned something about meeting a very sexy lady and couldn't wait for her arrival as she is an incredibly hot sexual dynamo in bed."
Karen punches me, "You didn't say that."
"Well I left out the part about sexual dynamo, as that is for my knowledge only. I'm glad you met Ginger, she is nice and owns the park. She inherited the land from her parents. It's a long story, so I'll tell you all about it later. Ginger has a very special girlfriend staying here this week, she is over across the way in that Airstream."
Karen looks over to the other side of the park and sees Audrey sunning herself on the chaise lounge. Karen stops dead in her tracks when she realizes Audrey is topless and her big tits, glowing with sunscreen, are on display. Audrey sees us staring and waves to us.
"Oh my god Rob, that lady is topless! What is that all about? Do you know her?"
I hold Karen's hand as I explain Ginger's rules for the park and if you are so inclined, you may enjoy the freedom of being au natural. I relate how Ginger's parents found this as a commune in the late 60s and how Ginger wants to hold on to some of the past.
"Yes, that is Audrey. She is Ginger's girlfriend and lover. They were college roommates. She came over yesterday and introduced herself and welcomed me to the park."
Karen is still recovering from the shock, "And was she like that when she introduced herself."
"What do you mean, topless? Yes, she was, and I was just as shocked as you are now."
"Oh, I bet you were mister. I bet you were loving every minute of it. This is going to take a moment for me to wrap my head around this scene."
I tease Karen, "Well, yes I was loving it all. She has nice tits and they're spectacular up close. She asked me to rub sunscreen on them and I couldn't refuse. But, of course, no one compares to the lady standing right next to me. By the way, yours look incredible. Are you wearing a new bra from your friend's lingerie shop?"
Karen turns and slugs me in the shoulder. She can't hide the smile on her face. The coffee on my camp stove begins to boil and draws our attention back to our own little world.
"I was just about to make breakfast, I hope you are hungry? Sausage and eggs OK?"
"More than OK. I left my house at six o'clock and have been on the road for two and one-half hours. I'm starving. Before you start cooking, help me with my suitcase."
We walk to the rear of her car and she opens the hatch.
"Karen, I love your Mini-Cooper, it looks brand new. And the color just suits you."
"Thanks. It is brand new, I just picked it up at the dealer over the weekend. This is her maiden voyage. I'm getting those retro personalized plates for her. K-O-O-L G-R-M."
"Cool Grandma? Just like your sweatshirt? Karen, you are too cute, and way to sexy to be a grandmother."
"I think you are saying that just so you can get into my panties. Now, grab this suitcase."
Karen is so right, I do want to get into her panties. I pull her suitcase out and take it inside the trailer. Karen follows and is very surprised by the inside decor. She plops down on the bed and tests out the mattress.
"Rob, this is beautiful, so much room. I love all the counter space and this bed is so comfy. I had no idea they made trailers with all these amenities. Wow, a microwave and flat screen TV. You do travel in style. So, how many ladies have enjoyed this queen size bed?"
"Let's see, I think you will be number nine."
We both laugh at my comment. She knows I am just kidding. But then again, I'll never reveal my secrets.
"Oh you! I know I should never believe you."
"Well you can believe one thing, I am so happy that you are here, and we have the whole week together."
Karen stands up and we hug again, this time it's even tighter. Our lips press together for a deep soulful kiss. Karen pulls away and, as I catch my breath inquiries about breakfast. Oh yeah, she said she was starving. Once outside, I grab the coffee pot and pour us a cup. We clink cups and I start the process for breakfast. We'll be eating in no time at all. I begin with the sausage.
"Rob, I can't get over how lovely this park is. And the view of the ocean from here, it's just beautiful."
I concentrate on breakfast while Karen walks around and enjoys the morning sunshine. While I tend the sausage, I see Karen start to walk toward Audrey's camp site.
"Hey Karen, where are you going?"
She holds her coffee in one hand and uses the other to wave me off. She keeps on walking, oh no, what is she up to. I can only stand here and watch as she approaches Audrey. I see Audrey get up from her lounger and the two ladies meet face to face, Audrey's boobs are on full display. I can't hear what is being discussed, but both ladies seem very animated. My eyes shift from the sausage to the girls and back to the sausage. I don't want to burn our breakfast. After several minutes, I see Karen and Audrey hug each other. Karen turns and walks back toward me while Audrey settles back into her chaise lounge.
I must ask, "Karen, what was that all about?"
She smiles, "I just had to meet Audrey. Any lady who can display her breasts in public, as if it is the natural thing to do, has got to be an interesting person. She seems to be a delightful lady."
"What did you talk about?"
"We talked about you, of course. No, she said you are such a nice guy and have been talking non-stop about me and how much you were looking forward to this week. She said I am a very lucky lady and that if she wasn't so committed to Ginger, she just might try to steal you away. I think she was just kidding. She also told me that I must take you down to the beach today and make passionate love on the sand. Which is just what I intend to do."
"She said all that?"
"Yes, she did. And you are right, she does have gorgeous boobs. Now, how is breakfast coming along? I told you I'm starving. Do you think, I should be topless for breakfast?"
"I would love for you to be topless for the entire week my dear. Breakfast is almost ready, I'm cooking up the omelets right now. Would you please grab the orange juice from the fridge? It's such a nice day I want to eat out here."
Karen goes for the juice as I serve up the eggs. She returns after several minutes and looks a little different. Aside from putting on her yellow sun hat and sun glasses, something else has changed. It takes me a minute, but I realize she has removed her push-up bra. Her boobs are now free floating under her sun dress. They sway with each step and look very alluring. I don't say anything yet.
We sit on the shady side of the table, knee to knee and thigh to thigh. I see the definite outline of her naked breasts and erect nipples. We enjoy our first meal of the day and catch up on the past three months. We look over to Audrey from time to time who has not moved from her quiet perch on the chaise lounge. Karen tells me all about her grand baby and the things she did in Chicago. I tell her about my recent trips and changes I have made around the house. I leave out my recent stint as a glory hole stud. After breakfast, Karen helps with the dishes and then suggests that we take a trip down to the ocean. She wants to see this secluded beach for herself. I am all for it, if it means we will be making love on the sand.
I head inside the trailer to change into shorts and my Hawaiian t-shirt. Karen asks me to grab the bag on the bed, she said it has sunscreen, bottled water and some snacks. I grab my floppy hat, sunglasses and the bag. I already have some towels on the table outside. When I pick up the bag, I notice Karen's bra and red satin thong laying on the bed. Mmm. I can't resist, I pick up her thong and inhale her fragrance. It's exactly what I remember from our train ride tryst.
Outside, I give the bag to Karen, collect the towels and her soft hand. We walk down the path hand in hand toward the ocean. In fifty yards, we pass the wooden deck and hot tub. I remark that after the beach, we should make use of the hot tub. I tell Karen it reminds me of some 1970 porn movie, but the hot water feels great.
"Wow Rob, that does look so retro. So, you've already been in it? When was that?"
I confess, "Last night with Ginger and Audrey. I guess they use it every night."
"And tell me, is it clothing-optional too?"
Uh oh, I may have spoken to soon. I give Karen a sheepish grin and confess.
"Yes, we were nude. In my defense, Audrey was the one who forced me to go. Ginger was already in the tub when we arrived."
"So, you saw them, and they saw you? That might explain why Audrey said I was a lucky lady. I bet your cock was hard, wasn't it? Seeing those two ladies in the nude, their big tits staring you in the face."
"Like they say in the movies,It ain't half bad."
Karen tugs my arm and leads me further down the path, under the highway and to the shore. Our beach is more like a small cavern with the high cliffs on either side and a patch of sand, maybe fifty feet across. It is secluded and intimate, definitely not Avila. We walk over to the far right and Karen puts the bag down. I hand her one towel and we place them on a patch of level sand, side by side. We walk out to the water hand in hand. We test the water with our bare feet and it is oh so cold. There will be no swimming today.
I grab Karen by the hips and place a wet kiss on her lips. Our tongues mingle as the waves crash to the shore.
"Welcome to our slice of paradise, Karen. This is exactly what I had in mind when we talked about Big Sur."
"It is spectacular and very private, but you know what I want to do?
"What's that?"
"Make love on the beach."
And with that, Karen pops the two buttons holding the straps on her sundress. It slithers to the sand and she is completely nude. Unlike the sleeper on the train where the light was very dim, I now have a picture-perfect view of my naked friend. Her boobs look even bigger and rounder. The ocean breeze has her deep red nipples fully erect and jutting out at least a half inch. The nicely trimmed landing strip of gray pubic hair adorns her mound. She does a slight curtsy and then orders me to strip.
"All right big boy show me the goods, like you showed the ladies last night. Drop your shorts."
I do as I am told and my cock springs up, slapping against my abdomen. No bit of cool breeze is going to keep me down; not with this amazing nude lady standing next to me. Karen grabs my shaft.
"Very nice, I guess I am a very lucky lady."
"Karen is that a new look for you down there?"
"Yes, do you like it? I did it for you after that amazing tongue of yours licked my pussy. I visited a waxing salon for the very first time. I'm hoping you will give me an encore."
We move down onto our towels and sit thigh to thigh. I put my arm around her and hold her close. Her skin is soft and warming up under the morning sun. We turn to each other and kiss some more. Karen massages the inside of my thigh. The back of her hand rubs my shaft, so I flex a couple of times to get her attention. She takes the bait and grabs my cock again. This time she pumps me up and down quite vigorously.
"Karen, do you think we should use some sunscreen to protect us?"
I grab the sunscreen and rub some lotion onto Karen's back. She takes the tube and squirts several spurts onto her breasts before passing the bottle back. Karen rubs the protective lotion all around her tits and stomach. I just watch, knowing I should be the one spreading the lotion. She runs her hands down to her 'new look' mons and pussy lips.
Karen lays down on her stomach and asks me to protect her backside. I squeeze a stream of UVA25 onto her back and use both hands to rub the lotion into her skin. I move my hands down and cover the sides of her tits with the sun protection. I massage her side boobs, Karen purrs.
Next, I pour some sunscreen right onto her fleshy ass cheeks and rub my hands around and around. I glide my finger along her crease, rubbing her special star several times to make sure she is protected.
Karen giggles and tells me to stop, and that she has other ideas. She turns over and requests that I finger her just like I did on the train. She lets me know her most intense orgasms are when she masturbates, or in our case, when I 'jilled' her. She lays on the towel with her legs spread. I place my hand directly on her pussy and use my fingers to dip into her wet gash. I slide my fingers up and down her slit and rub her smooth outer lips. She feels completely different as her lips are now silky smooth and not covered with hair.
"Rob, my cherry lube is in the bag. I think you know how to use it."
I reach into the beach bag and pull out the same bottle that she had on the train. I pour some lube onto my fingers and glide them along her pussy. I press two fingers between her folds and they easily slide deep into her hole. I move my fingers along her G-spot.
"That's it, gawd you have magic fingers."
Karen presses her pussy up against my hand creating more pressure and more pleasure. I slide my hand up and down her inner labia. Her hard clit emerges from beneath the hood. She presses her fingers into her slit and pulls her outer lips up allowing her clit to flare out even more. I rub circles around the bump, driving her closer to her orgasm.
"Oh god Rob, finger my clit faster. I'm so close."
The sun begins to beat down on us from the cloudless blue sky. Karen spreads her legs obscenely and raises her ass up from the towel. My fingers stroke her love button which sends her over the edge.
"Geez Rob, I'm going to cum. Oh yes, don't stop. Fuck my pussy with your fingers."
My hand slides back and forth along her wet slit. Each time I pass her clit, I flick the bump with two fingers. This moves drives Karen insane. Her pink pearl is throbbing as I stroke it several more times. Karen hits the wall and explodes. Pussy juice drips all over my hand and down her thighs. Her orgasm floods her body as she shakes about on the sand.
Waves lap at the shore and the warm sun enhances her outdoor climax that much more. Karen grabs my wrist and presses my hand against her full outer lips as she tries to contain my movement. I press my hand flat against her cunt and let her ride out the last spasms of joy. Sweat covers her forehead and a wide smile lets me know I did good.
"Oh god Rob, you did good, you did really, really good. I came so hard. I love being totally naked outside. Let's do this every day."
Karen tries to catch her breath as she continues to tell me how she feels. Her breasts rise and fall with each breath. The grab my attention and I bend over to take a ripe nipple between my lips. I savor her body as I suck the red raspberry. I switch to her other erect nipple and feast some more. Karen places her hand on the back of my head and holds me close. She loves the attention to her tits.
Soon I feel her hand on top of my head start to push me down. My lips travel down her chest to her stomach and I leave a trail of kisses along her soft skin. I lick her belly button which makes her squirm. She applies more pressure on my head, pushing me lower and then I realize her motive is for me to eat her pussy.
I reach her soft landing strip of hair and inhale the results of her latest orgasm. Her sweet juices are intoxicating, and I need to lick up all of the juices coating her labia and inner thighs. Karen now has both hands on my head and directs me to the sweet spot between her thighs.
Karen's voice is hoarse, "Eat my cunt Rob, I got it waxed just for you. Lick my smooth lips and make me cum again. I need your tongue to make me come again. Gawd yes."
I lap up the smooth soft skin of her outer lips and then dart my tongue between the puffy folds deep into her core. I trace up and down her rosy inner labia licking up as much juice as I can. The more lady juice she provides, the more I lap up. Her clit is once again hard and fully exposed. I surround the bud with my lips and suck hard. I keep her clit between my lips while my tongue taps away. Each time I tap her clit, Karen's body jerks up and more sweet juice flows.
"Gawd yes, I'm cummmiinnnng againnnnn. Eat meeeeeee, Rob."
Karen's hands hold my head in place as she bucks and thrusts against me. She achieves her second orgasm of the morning with my tongue firmly planted within her pussy. Her thighs vibrate around my head with her climax rising and falling and rising again. She grabs her nipples and twists the red bumps to add a touch of pain to her pleasure. She rides out this orgasm and then settles back onto her towel.
Karen releases her tight hold on me and I'm able to breathe normally again, not that I have anything to complain about. I take my time cleaning her with my tongue. With each lick I am rewarded with sweet nectar.
Karen calms down, almost in a catatonic state and I kiss my way back up to her lips. On the way up, I take time to lick her soft skin and suck on her erect nipples. I savor each one as Karen sighs contentedly.
"That was the best Rob. I came so hard. But now I want you inside of me. Push your cock deep into my pussy. Fill me up like never before."
As I plant small kisses all over Karen's face, I become acutely aware of my own body. I feel my hard cock press between Karen's thighs. She spreads her legs and I readjust myself enough to place my tip along her moist entrance. I let my hips go and I slide easily between her silky labia. She is so hot and so wet that I bottom out and hold my cock still just to enjoy the moment. Karen squeezes her pussy to remind me that she still controls our union.
"Fuck me slow babe, you feel so good."
Karen wraps her legs around me as I slowly slide my shaft in and out of her pussy. I place my hands just above her shoulders to support my weight. Our eyes are locked while we make love on the beach. I feel the heat on my back and press my hips flat against hers. I flex my shaft and Karen squeezes her cunt to hold me tight.
"You feel so good Karen; your pussy is so tight. I want to this to last as long as possible."
My chest rubs against her tits and hard nipples. I use my hips to thrust in and out. I savor the feeling of her wet juices coating my shaft. We continue to stare into each other's eyes; wide smiles cover our faces. She moves her legs down around my thighs forcing me deeper into her center. I feel my glans push up against her cervix. Our lips meet in a tender kiss that deepens into a passionate connection. Our tongues parry back and forth, moving from her mouth into mine and back again.
"Make love to me, Rob. I dreamed about this moment every day in Chicago. Slide that wonderful cock in and out. I feel you so deep."
I lift my hips, pulling my cock up from within Karen's folds and push in again. Her inner flesh grips me like a satin glove. Each time I pull up, the tip of my cock nearly exits her cunt, only to be drawn back in by the pressure of her legs on my thighs. Karen maintains a tight lock on me. I maintain a steady rhythm, moving up and down, gliding within her wet pussy. I press her ass into the soft sand. Karen squeezes my shaft as an overwhelming feeling of release grows. My climax is seconds away.
"Karen, get ready. I'm going to cum. I can't hold back any longer."
"Don't hold back Rob, fill me up with your cum."
Her words spur me on and I release my load sending several ropes of jizz deep inside Karen's pussy. I bang away, and hot semen coats my shaft mixing with her juices. Some of it leaks down Karen's ass onto the towel. Sweat covers our bodies while we kiss and enjoy our union. Our bodies are completely relaxed. I feel myself soften and slide out of Karen onto my back. She moves to her side and swings a leg over me. We rest as a cool breeze blows in from the ocean and lulls us to sleep. Such a perfect beginning to our week in Big Sur.