She accepts herself as an exhibitionist. She now knows how beautiful her smooth body is, and it's a disappointment to keep the beauty for herself. Not to forget, her clothing habit was already too revealing even before she was an exhibitionist. Normally at home, she mostly just wears tanktop and very short shorts that's just inches longer than her panties, or just a short, thin house dress. She always wears a bra and panties when her parents are at home, and she removes the bra when alone. Now she's brave enough to not wear a bra when Devy and Yuli come. She is that confident already. Both of her friends are girls; there is nothing that both of them haven't seen already. When alone? She is naked now. She enjoys it when nothing touches her skin.
She sometimes likes to tease a delivery man or postman that comes when she's alone by accepting what they deliver only with that clothing or even a towel, but never more than that. She doesn't want to flash her naked body by herself. That's when she needs her friend's help, and she always pretends to be gullible. While it's true that she's embarrassed, she also enjoys that much exposure. She never tells what she experienced during her own weekend getaway to her friends.
One night, Devy and Yuli were coming to her house. She's alone at that time. She wears only a panties, very short black shorts, and a loose, thin white tanktop, as long as her navel, has big arm holes, which show her sideboob, and a low cut on the front, which shows her whole clevage. The top is barely covering her boobs because even a slight movement will move the tanktop, showing her nipples and complete downblouse when she bends down, revealing her smooth white boobs and maroon nipples.
It triggers Devy's nosy side looking at what Angel is wearing, and it was months already after Devy's last "action". She is planning to do it again for her own satisfaction. Little did she know about Angel's satisfaction.
"Don't you have anything to drink here, Angel?" asks Devy.
"No, let's go to Minimart." I also want to buy some snacks for my stock." Says Angel.
"Wow, it's so easy; I don't even need to force her to go outside." Devy says it in her mind.
"Wait a sec, let me change." Says Angel.
"Come on, let's just go. We just go not far, and it's already night." Says Devy.
"What? Are you blind? Look at what I'm wearing!"
"Knowing you, nothing's wrong. It's already night, the road is not crowded, and Minimart is quiet already." Devy is pushing.
"At least let me grab my jacket; it will be cold outside."
"Come on, it's summer. It's not even cold in the night; let's go!" Devy says and grabs her hand to go out.
With the pressure from Devy and her exhibitionist side, she just follows Devy to her motorbike.
At that time, Devy rides her brother's motorbike, which has already been modified a bit. The back side is elevated, the footstep is also quite high, and the passenger that sits behind will be doing a semi-squat. In that position, when she sits there, her white thigh is completely exposed, as if she were just wearing black panties and with the height of the passenger seat, it's like she's being paraded. Yuli is following them on her own motorbike.
It was just 8.30 PM. It's not too late for normal people to be outside, and the road is not crowded but not quiet either.
On the way, there are many other motorbikes that just keep at the same speed with Devy to enjoy Angel's exposure, and Angel is enjoying that. She just crosses her arms in front of her the whole time, not being too obvious that she enjoys it. To expose Angel a bit more, Devy stops at the gas station first and lines up with several other motorbikes. Instantly, everyone is looking in Angel's direction.
"What are you doing?!" Angel complains.
"I'm running out of gas. Here, I need to go to the ATM to get some more cash. Please fill the gas." Devy, while handing Angel some cash to fill the gas, walked away to the ATM, leaving Angel queueing.
The gas station in this country is not self-service; there is an employee in every station to receive the money and help fill the gas.
While it's her turn, she tries to open the seat, and she needs to bend down to find the key hole. She's showing her smooth boobs to the employee, and she's a bit embarrassed. She becomes nervous and has some difficulty opening the seat.
The worker just stays there, enjoying Angel's exposure. Then the rider behind her comes to help and also joins the worker to see her boobs.
"Where are you going, miss?" asks the employee to break the silence while filling the gas.
"Just go to the minimart."
"Aren't you cold with that clothing in the night outside?" He asks again while smirking, looking at her hard nipples poking through the tank top.
"Yeah, a bit. I left my jacket at home. Sorry." Angel says this with her face getting red, and she crosses her hands in front to cover her exposure a bit.
"Don't be. I should thank you!" says the employee while finishing his job.
Angel is a bit embarrassed now. She then moved Devy's bike to the side for the others to fill their bikes. She's just standing there alone, stared at by many riders waiting for their turn to fill the gas.
After several minutes that feel like forever, Devy finally comes, and they continue riding.
"How was that? hahaha." Devy asks directly while laughing.
"I know you plan that! Everyone is staring at me, and even the employee saw my nipples because you didn't let me wear a jacket. You crazy!" Angel pretends to be angry, while Devy just smirks.
They then continue to go to the minimart. It happens to be quiet already, and there are only two cashier guys in their own station. The fact that there is one beautiful, sexy girl entering the minimart then wakes them up from boredom.
Nothing much happens there since there are no other people inside except the 3 girls and 2 cashier guys. The whole time Angel takes some snacks and drinks and puts them in the basket, she exposes her boobs, but she doesn't bother to fix her top since no one is seeing them.
"You're now exposing yourself outside willingly already?!" asks Yuli.
"Exposing myself to whom? No one is here. The guys are at their station, and you guys have seen it, right?." Angel says while shaking her boobs, teasing Yuli.
Angel is more brave with Yuli since Devy is the one who always nosies at her.
Devy then comes to their ally with two bottles of alcohol.
"Angel, I will pay for everything in your basket if you can do a dare. You in or not?" Devy asks while grinning.
"Now what?" she asks.
"I will pay for you if you flash your boobs to the cashier guys!"
"What the hell?! No way!" Angel says this with her face getting red.
"Come on! It's a free snack. You don't know the guys, and they will never see you again. No one else is here." Devy is pushing.
"I won't expose myself like that!"
"I think that's a good bet. It's just boobs. It's just two more pairs of eyes looking at you, just like before Devy was here! hahaha" Yuli adds.
"She exposed herself here?!" Devy was a bit surprised.
"What? No! My boobs always poops out accidentally every move I make in these clothes because you didn't let me change or get any cover!"
"Come on, Angel. More eyes have seen you stark naked. It's just your boobs now, and to two guys only! You in or not?!" asks Devy again.
Angel's face is getting red. She feels the rush in her body; she gets excited and embarrassed, imagining what will happen if she agrees.
"Ok...." she replies with hesitation.
She then walks to the cashier, which feels like a walk of shame. Her body is shaking a bit, and her face is very red. Her nipples are getting hard. Right in front of the cashier, she hooks the bottom of her top to the edge of her basket. Then, when she pulls up the basket and puts it on the cashier table, her top is lifted and stays at her clevage, showing her right boobs completely and her left nipple.
She pretends to not realize her condition.
The cashier in front of her is surprised and not prepared for it, and he takes his time to finish scanning all inside Angel's basket and put it in a plastic bag. Angel is biting her bottom lip to hold back the embarrassment that feels like forever.
The other cashier who is serving Yuli spends no time to also enjoy the scene.
"It's all $25, miss. Thank you so much; you've just made my day," says the cashier to Angel with a wink.
"What is it?" Angel is still pretending.
"Your..." says the cashier while pointing her boobs.
"Oh my god! Sorry! My friend behind me will pay for all this!" Angel then directly pulls down her top, takes the plastic bag, and leaves.
Devy is just laughing.
"Please add these bottles, sir. It was great, huh?" Devy is handing the alcohol to the cashier.
On the outside, Yuli and Devy are approaching Angel while clapping and laughing.
"What a show! When I said flashed, I meant for you to just show by bending down a bit for a sec or something, but you did it the whole time! I even didn't expect that. hahaha." Says Devy to Angel.
"What the hell! How could I know that? I'm so embarrassed. I will never come back here!" says Angel.
"By the way, I was practically paraded on Devy's bike. Let me ride your bike, Yuli. You go with Devy, please." Angel adds.
It was enough for Devy, as the incident in Minimart was already beyond her expectations. They then ride back to Angel's home, with Angel riding Yuli's bike alone. But her exposure is not done yet. As Angel is wearing a short and loose tanktop, the moment she rides, her tanktop is lifted up completely to her neck by the wind.
No one expected that, including Angel. She couldn't hold her tanktop down because now she's riding with both hands on the handlebars. Angel then stops and asks Yuli to change again because she can't continue riding like that.
"Hey, I can't ride like this. Let's change again."
"You're the one who asked this. Now let's go!" Devy is being nosy again, knowing what happened, then leaving her.
Angel has no choice. She then continues riding back home with her boobs out periodically. Devy and Yuli just maintain the distance to monitor how Angel's doing behind her while laughing together. It doesn't take too long for Angel to have followers. At least five other motorbike riders are beside and behind her, teasing and laughing at Angel.
They then stop at the traffic lights. Angel is begging her friends again to change.
"Guys, please..."
Yuli then got off the motorbike but not to change with Angel. Without anticipation, Yuli suddenly lifted Angel's tanktop out of her head and put the hem behind her neck, then got back to Devy while laughing.
Angel is so surprised and embarrassed. The fact that the hem of her tanktop is behind her neck makes it so difficult for her to fix her top. She can't find the front hem of her top, so she just pulls it all to her front, but then the lights turn green. The car behind her is honking, and she must go with her boobs completely exposed as her tanktop is still at her elbow. At least until she crosses the intersection, then she stops again to fix her top.
This time, her friends are with her.
"You're crazy!" says Angel to Yuli.
"Haha, come on, how many times has Devy done that kind of thing to you?" says Yuli.
"I can't continue like this; let's change again!"
As it was enough embarrassment for Angel, Devy then just laughed and rode with Angel again. She takes her time parading Angel the rest of the way to Angel's home.
As usual, Angel is never really angry with both her friends, and not too long after they arrive, they get some drinks, teasing Angel for what happens. They are laughing together once again.