Late Saturday morning, Jenne woke. After a moment's disorientation, she saw Angela and the evening came rushing back. What a wild night! Hell, what a wild WEEK. On Monday, she'd been shy, quiet and conservative. By Friday she was flashing a crowded nightclub, loving every minute of it. She'd experienced another woman, found she liked it, and discovered she had an enormous urge to be a total slut.
She rolled the word around in her mind. "Slut" had such bad connotations as a teenager, it was a terrible word that labeled you an outcast. Now, at 26, she found the idea to be liberating, exciting, a way to make her time more interesting.
She got out of bed, careful not to wake her new lover up. She padded barefoot to the bathroom and took a quick shower. While it would have been fun to share it with Angela, there was plenty of time for that later, and she needed to run quickly to the store. Cheryl and Mark would be here in a couple of hours, and she needed to pick up things for the promised cookout.
She quickly pulled on a new pair of gym shorts and the thin spaghetti-strapped tank top she'd worn the other day. She rolled the top of the shorts over a couple of times, exposing her pelvic bones and pulling them tightly into her ass. She pulled the stretch tank top up far enough to expose her belly ring. Tying her hair in a ponytail, she added a baseball cap and pulled on a pair of flip flops.
Angela rolled over, but continued to sleep. Jenne took a moment to admire her lover's lithe, nude body, then headed to her car. While she drove to the store, she reflected on the evening before. It was amazing how intense the feelings had been. She honestly couldn't remember as sexually charged a night with any of the various boyfriends she'd had over the years.
While Angela was undeniably sexy, and that was a large part of it, but it also came down to her new outlook. Releasing her inhibitions had helped transport her sexuality in ways she never expected. She was nearly constantly horny now, constantly thinking of sex. She was hypersensitive to her body in new ways. The vibration of driving down the road was enough to cause a minuscule sensation of pleasure. Her skin, recently waxed was sensitive to the lightest touch. Even a slight breeze made her feel sensual and sexy all over. She found she was more attuned to other people's reactions - it's not like she'd never been looked at - she'd always been pretty - but the looks of raw lust she'd seen in the last week were rare before, if non-existent. It was like a drug, and she was becoming addicted to the appreciative attentions of other people.
She entered the mostly empty grocery store and grabbed a shopping cart. As she walked down the aisles, picking up items for the afternoon cookout, she became aware of a handsome man in his mid-twenties. He was wearing a pair of long cargo shorts, a tank top that showed off his nicely muscled torso, and a pair of sandals.
She smiled at him, and made sure to pass close by him, staring the whole time. He looked back, obviously appreciating the outline of her breasts through the thin material. She quietly said "Hi," with a smile and kept walking past him. After a few steps, she turned around and caught him staring at her tight ass. She kept walking, finishing her shopping.
She didn't have to DO anything about it, but she thoroughly enjoyed the encounter. As she thought about what she could do to him she was amused. "At least I haven't turned into a raging man-hater." She truly lusted after Angela, but she couldn't see limited herself to just women.
As she was standing in the checkout line, the man pulled in his cart behind her. They smiled back at each other, and as she retrieved her credit card from the cashier, he handed her a business card. "I would love it if you would call me sometime."
"Thanks, you just never know," she said, taking the card. She put it in her purse, smiled back at him again, and left the store.
She got home, and was quietly laughing to herself as she put away the groceries, when Angela came into the kitchen wearing Jenne's nightshirt. "What's so funny?"
"I found a hot young stud at the supermarket, and nearly jumped him in the aisles," She said with a giggle.
"You should have brought him home, we could have made his year," Angela replied.
"Oh I'm not quite ready for that. I'm glad you weren't jealous about it though."
"Honey, I couldn't hold you back if I tried. Besides, I'm having a fantastic time, why ruin it?"
Jenne walked over and embraced her. "Me too," she whispered in her ear. She reached down and cupped Angela's buttock. "How could I turn THIS down?"
Angela laughed. "I should go home and get changed. I don't even have a toothbrush with me, never mind a bathing suit!"
"There's no problem, I have spares of both." She knew Angela would love the bathing suits, as she'd gone back online, and purchased several others to go with the one that changed her life. "Come on, take a shower, then we can try a few suits on."
Angela lifted the nightshirt over her head, turned towards the stairs. She glanced over her shoulder and said "Are you coming?"
Jenne grinned and pulled off her tank top. "Not yet, let's do something about that." She dropped her shorts, and scampered after Angela's retreating ass.
As Angela brushed her teeth, Jenne turned on the shower. It was a large unit, easily able to accommodate multiple people.
"This is decadent," Angela said.
"Worth every penny."
They stepped under the large shower head, and began soaping each other's smooth skin. "We just can't stop meeting in showers, can we?" Angela joked.
"I'll meet you in a shower any time you like."
Jenne reached for a detachable shower head and started rinsing Angela's soapy body. She held the shower head on Angela's pussy, and shortly, received a moan as a reward.
"See? Worth every penny."
"Absolutely. Don't you dare stop."
Angela lifted one of her legs onto the built-in bench, leaned back against the wall, and began kneading her breasts. "Don't stop," she moaned, her breath coming in short pants.
Kneeling, Jenne continued with the shower head and with her other hand, inserted three fingers into Angela's eager pussy. Shortly, Angela came, and started giggling. "I could begin every day this way."
"Here, let me."
Angela sat down on the bench, pulled Jenne's hips toward her, and began eagerly sucking on her swollen clit. Jenne let go of the shower head, and grabbed a handful of Angela's hair in each hand, pulling her closer. She came explosively and released her friend. "Oh wow. Now we have to wash up again."
They finished their shower and stood watching each other as they dried off.
"You're almost exactly the same size as me, I'm sure these suits will fit fine."
The walked into the bedroom, and Jenne started pulling out the new suits.
"I hope you didn't pay too much. They sure didn't give you much fabric."
"Let me show you the one that started this whole thing," Jenne said, and pulled out the tiny yellow bikini. She pulled up the tight thong, and was pleasantly surprised to find the seam down the center pulled her piercing tight against her clit. She put on the top, tied it behind, struck an alluring pose and said "What do you think?"
"You look good enough to eat, I have to say."
"Thank you," she said, smiling brightly.
Angela sifted through the collection of suits, and found one in a light green.
"This will go nicely with my hair."
She pulled on the tiny thong. The strings on the side were barely visible, and from behind she looked like she was naked. In the front, the tiny scrap of material barely came above her clitoris, and a generous amount of skin was visible on either side of her pussy. The top consisted of two triangles of fabric, connected by more of the barely-there string.
"Wow. Mark is going to blow his load when he sees us."
Still wearing their suits, the went downstairs and started setting up. They pulled out several deck chairs, got the grill ready, and made sure there were towels and sunscreen around. They'd just sat down with cold beers, when the doorbell rang.
Jenne jumped up and answered the door. Mark and Cheryl greeted her, and she could tell from his wide eyes that he was very, very glad they'd accepted the invitation. Mark was wearing a pair of long swim trunks, and a tank top. She looked at him carefully, decided he was certainly tasty, and was sure they'd have a fun day. She walked over and gave him a tight hug, pressing her breasts against his taut chest. She let go and gave Cheryl an equally affectionate hug, and for added measure, she squeezed Cheryl's buttock.
"Come in! I'm so glad you came over!"
"After last night, we wouldn't have missed it," Cheryl exclaimed.
Cheryl was dressed in a short sun dress, with the strings of a bikini top showing. "Oh man, that suit is unreal!, I'm going to look positively plain next to that!"
"Oh don't worry, we can handle that" Jenne said.
They walked through the house to the back patio, and Angela stood up and greeted them.
"Beer?" she asked.
"Yes, please."
Angela turned around and walked to the outside fridge. Bending from the waist, she grabbed a couple of bottles. Both Mark and Cheryl had gotten the full effect as the tiny thong was pulled tightly into her slit.
Mark grinned and said "Thanks! For the beer, yeah, the beer"
Everyone laughed.
Jenne grabbed Cheryl's arm and pulled her along. "Come on, let's find a suit for you!"
Cheryl picked out a pink suit, made of a material that was nearly transparent.
"Go on, try it on."
Cheryl hesitated for a moment, smiled, and pulled the sundress over her head. She was right, the bikini she was wearing was positively prim in comparison, with bottoms that cover her front almost to her belly button. She reached behind and unfastened the top, then hesitating for another second, pulled down the bottoms, exposing a nicely trimmed pussy, with a patch of natural blond hair running above her slit.
She pulled on the thong, which, like Jenne's had a seam running down the middle, it pulled between her lips, leaving a delectable camel toe. Jenne came around behind her, and using the excuse of helping her tie the top, brushed her hands against the sides of Cheryl's breasts. "You look incredible" she whispered, "let's head downstairs and give Mark a heart attack."