When I did eventually wake up I had a panic attack that the kids would still be in bed and had missed school but after frantically running around the house yelling for them to get up it finally dawned on me that the house was empty. It was a strange feeling and to be honest I was so out of sorts for a while that I didn't really know what to do with myself.
I did the basic household stuff on auto pilot for a while then went and got dressed. I finally ran out of excuses and sat down at the computer. I looked at the photos again and once again I began to feel the tingles. I decided that now was the time to move some things around so they wouldn't be quite so easily found. Once I had done that I began looking through the photography links Ben had sent me. There was a lot of useful stuff in there and I decided to give some things a go.
I set the camera up, following the settings suggested on the site and did a few still life things then finally built up enough courage to start taking some shots of myself. It took a lot longer to start getting the light right, using natural light through the lounge room window. Most of them looked terrible because I either got the light wrong, the settings wrong or I looked weird. This being your own model thing was harder than it looked. I was either mid blink, looked drunk or unhappy or just plain scared. I decided to do what Ben had suggested and started just taking photos of my chest. Eventually I managed to stumble onto the right light settings but to be honest the photos of my chest just weren't that interesting.
I looked through some of the examples on the website and it became obvious that what made them interesting was the fact that you could clearly make out the girls nipples through the material and the way they cast their own shadows seemed to accentuate them. I went back to my position by the window and teased my nipples until they were quite hard but the bra I was wearing was concealing a lot. I removed the bra and sat back in front of the window. I began thinking about Ben stroking his cock again and this time there was no doubting that my nipples were visible now.
I looked at the photos and thought, although they are far from perfect, there is a remarkable improvement. When I sat down to take some more I saw through the window a van pull up in our driveway. I was looking at the driver and he was looking right back at me. He had a big grin on his face and it took me a moment to realize he could see the clear outline of my nipples through my top. I could feel my face heating up at the same time as my pussy. I was embarrassed to be seen like this but at the same time it was like last night when I was walking around naked; the thought of being seen was driving me crazy.
I watched as he got a package from the side door of the van and walked towards our front door. I got off my stool and met him at the door. He had a package addressed to my husband and I had to sign for it. The delivery guy looked as though he was in his early twenties and he was a bit cute too. He tried not to be obvious about staring at my hard nipples but the poor guy couldn't seem to concentrate on anything. The whole process was driving me wild and I found myself wanting to show him more. The thought of flashing him entered my mind and it was all I could do to keep a straight face as I thought about exposing myself to this young stud. I could almost feel his eyes as they roamed all over my breasts. I couldn't believe how turned on I was getting.
I signed his form and after getting him to bring the box inside he turned and left. I went back over to the window and sat on my stool again. I watched him while he was getting into his van, then without making any conscious decision to do so I reached up and lifted my top up and over my head. I could feel my pussy almost flood as he jumped up into the drivers seat. He glanced in my direction then did a double take. He stared as his jaw seemed to come unhinged. I waved to him and he blushed like crazy as he realized I was aware he was watching. He started the van and went to take off down the driveway then promptly stalled the van. He eventually managed to coordinate himself enough to leave and not crash.
It was hilarious to see what kind of reaction just a glimpse of my breasts had had on him but the reaction it was having on me was quite different. I was just as aroused as I had been yesterday and it was becoming difficult to concentrate on the photography again. I took a few more photos of my naked breasts then decided to get some of my best asset as well. I stripped off naked and turned side on to get a profile shot that included my butt.
It felt amazing to be naked again and posing for the camera in that state was even better. The thought of someone seeing the photos was both terrifying and unbelievably erotic. Even after packing the camera up I just couldn't bring myself to get dressed again and I ended up spending the whole afternoon naked. I put the photos I had taken on the computer and hid them away in my new folder after going through them all again. I couldn't wait to talk to Ben again so I could send them to him.
That night after everyone got home, following a very close call when my son came home earlier than expected, we all sat around watching television. I was in a daze and completely oblivious to what was on as I recalled the afternoons events and how I felt about what had happened. On some level I knew things had changed forever for me. The thought of exposing myself to people wasn't one that was going to go away anytime soon and the nervous excitement I felt about sending them to Ben was addictive.
I looked around at the rest of my family and realized things had changed there too. I no longer felt fearful at the thought of my kids heading off to college, in fact I couldn't wait to have the freedom that I had been so afraid of. My husband was another matter all together. He seemed content to go on with life exactly as it was, passionless, boring, predictable. I wasn't sure I could do that. It's not that I wasn't in love with him anymore but it definitely felt like he had lost interest in me. I knew there was a time coming when we would have to talk about that but right now I wanted to figure out what I wanted and who I was.