It was late and they had been at a bar for most of the night. She dressed as he had instructed earlier that day in a short skirt and low cut white shirt and while it covered her, it outlined her breasts and barely covered the hardness of her nipples. She loved to be partially exposed in public and as he teased her throughout the evening her cunt grew wetter and wetter.
The looks she had been getting throughout the evening from men grew more brazen the more they drank and she enjoyed the attention even though there was no question as to who owned her body. They could stare as much as they liked, but she knew that there was only one man who could lay claim to her flesh.
As she sat legs parted on a bar stool next to him, he ran his hand up her inner thigh, pinching and stroking her skin, enjoying the helpless moans that escaped her lips. He pressed close to her now and then and with his hand between their bodies would take hold of a nipple and squeeze it so hard she would gasp, flushing with embarrassment whenever someone heard.
They left the bar to return to his car, walking hand in hand along the street. They were silent, each enjoying the quiet after the noise of the bar and as they walked, her mind wandered, wondering what the rest of the night would hold.
She didn't notice the opening at the side of the street so when he grabbed her by the arm and began to drag her onto the alley, she was completely caught off guard. She didn't refuse to follow, but her heart pounded and she was terrified someone would see them.
He sensed her apprehension and standing behind her, growled in her ear, "Do exactly as I say bitch or you will be sorry."
She barely had time to stammer a "Yes, Sir" before she found herself being forced to her knees.
The ground was cold and wet and the gravel bit into her knees but before she could complain, he forced his cock deep into her mouth. As she gagged and struggled to get her breath, she heard his voice.
"Show me how much you love to be my cock whore, slut."
For a moment, she forgot where they were and began to suck and lick his cock, running her tongue over him as she slid up and down his length in the way she knew he liked. She moaned as she felt him grow harder and felt her cunt ache with need to feel him deep inside her.
She wanted to taste him, to feel his cum fill her mouth but suddenly he grabbed her hair in his fist and pulled her harshly to her feet. To the side of the alley was a railing and it was there that she was taken and pushed over it, so that her ass was exposed.
His hand came down hard on her flesh and she cried out only to find his hand cover her mouth and his voice once more in her ear. "Shut up bitch," he said, "Or I will find something to shove in your mouth to shut you up."
She grasped the railing with her hands to keep her balance and tried to remain quiet, but her body was so alive and on fire with lust and need, that small moans still rose from her. Again, she felt his hand strike her ass but this time with one hard pull, he ripped her panties from her body and stuffed them into her mouth. She could taste herself on them and her face burned with the humiliation of being such a slut that she loved the taste of her own cunt.
She lost track of time as over and over again he used her body. His cock slamming into her tight ass with no warning, then pulling out quickly to enter her cunt. Again and again he fucked her, paying no mind to the way the railing cut into her body as she was pushed against it.
She was his whore and he was going to use her in any way he wished. He reached around her and ripped her shirt open, one of the buttons popping off as he did and yanked her bra up to expose her tits and nipples. As he fucked her ass and cunt, he squeezed and twisted her nipples, enjoying the feeling of her cunt spasm in response.
Suddenly, he pulled from her and grabbed her again by the hair, forcing her quickly to her knees and pulling the panties from her mouth. "Take my cock in your greedy mouth bitch, and if you suck well enough, I will reward you with my cum."
She took him quickly into her mouth, worshiping his cock, so thankful and happy to be his slut. "Touch your cunt, slave and cum for me," he said and she did as he instructed, her cunt so wet to the touch that her fingers were covered in her juices in seconds.
He thrust harder and harder into her mouth, gagging her as he did, but still she sucked him, her fingers moving faster over her clit until she felt herself beginning to climax. She moaned as her orgasm overwhelmed her and she felt him throb and his cum fill her mouth. She swallowed quickly not wanting to waste one drop.
He pulled her to her feet slowly and held her in his arms for a moment. She looked a mess. Her clothes were in disarray and her knees filthy from the ground. Her stockings had run and her shirt was missing a button. He allowed her to straighten herself up as best she could but it was obvious that she had just been well used and she prayed that no-one would see her in this state as they went back to the car.
However, he had other plans. He smiled and kissed her lightly on the forehead. "Good girl, my slave, good girl," he said, "Sir is well pleased with his bitch. But you know, Sir is thirsty again, I think it is time for us to go back to the bar for a nightcap."