Sara was feeling down as her thirtieth birthday approached. She had been talking with her best friend Beth about it, but nothing seemed to help much. The small celebration at work Friday afternoon helped somewhat.
Sara confided almost everything with Beth since they had went to high school together and they were even roomies all through college. Beth is a very shapely and attractive young lady who works out constantly and has a body to prove it. Even with her good looks and great personality, she seems to have difficulty developing a lasting relationship with anyone. Therefore, she and Sara spend most of their free time together, shopping, working out, or just talking.
Since Sara's birthday is on a Saturday, I gave her an early present when she arrived home from work. When she opened the card and saw the certificate for an entire day at the spa, she was delighted.
I told her she had to be home by six so we could get ready because a limo was picking us up at seven for our special night out.
She was up early for her day at the spa and I would drive her since the arrangements had been made to spare nothing and to give her whatever she wanted. I had a dozen roses and a bottle of her favorite wine dropped off at the spa.
Her day was delightful and the thoughts of her birthday faded away as she enjoyed the wine and the massage. She decided that rather than being stressed, she'd just enjoy everything to the fullest. A couple glasses of wine and she was feeling wonderful about our evening out on the town. As they were finishing her hair, she decided to add a little flavor to the evening by getting a spray on tan.
When I picked her up and we arrived back home, she immediately started getting ready. As she entered the bedroom, she was totally surprised to see the sexy black dress she'd admired a few weeks earlier when we were shopping. It had a very low cut front to accent her perfect firm breasts and was a wrap around style that was split up the front to accent her long, firm legs. Along side of it laid some new very sexy and sheer black and red lace panties to match. The new heels were the accessory that topped it all off.
As she dressed, I couldn't help but visualize what would be in store for the evening. The sexy underwear, heels, dress and that fantastic tan which made her look like a goddess.
When the limo pulled up at the very exclusive restaurant that I'd selected, all eyes were on her as she exited the car. Every man was staring at her exquisite appearance as we entered the restaurant. We by-passed the waiting people and were taken immediately to our table which was in a very secluded part of the restaurant.
The table was set to perfection with the neatly pressed tablecloth, napkins, and polished silverware. Of course there was a bottle of champagne chilling next to the table. I had pre-selected the menu so we didn't have to be distracted while enjoying our evening. The appetizers and salad were fantastic as was the main course of filet mignon and lobster.
As the waiter cleared the table and prepared for dessert and coffee, Sara excused herself to go "powder her nose". When she returned, I stood up so she could slid into the booth.
On the table was a small velvet covered box hidden by her napkin. When she saw it, her eyes twinkled as she opened it to find a beautiful pair of diamond stud earrings. She immediately put them on replacing the small delicate ones she was wearing. Then she gave me a wonderful kiss as a tiny tear ran down her cheek. I took her handkerchief to wipe away the tear and gave it back to her as I told her how much I loved being her husband. The waiter finished clearing the table and refreshing our coffee as she discretely put her handkerchief in my suit pocket.
During the ride home, Sara snuggled against my arm and laid her head on my shoulder. As we passed under each street light, I could see that her dress had fallen open exposing her beautiful legs. As she snuggled closer, I placed my hand on her warm thigh, gently rubbing her smooth skin. Her legs parted slightly as I slid my hand higher and higher towards her pussy. As I reached my goal, I quickly realized that she had removed her panties sometime during the evening. She giggled as she told me to check my pocket. At that moment, it all flashed in front of me. The handkerchief she had put in my suit pocket was really her panties.
Her pussy was very warm and damp as I gently slid my finger up and down her folds until I touched her clit. She stiffened slightly and bit her bottom lip while telling me not to stop. By the time we got home, she was in ecstasy and very close to having an orgasm.
As we entered the front door, she was again surprised to see the dim, flickering light from all the candles that I'd had Beth put around the house while we were gone to dinner. Sara was so worked up that she took my hand and led me immediately to the bedroom to find more candles glowing and flower petals sprinkled across the fresh white linens on the bed.
As she stood at the foot of the bed admiring all the preparations I'd made, she slowing turned towards me, unhooked the sash on her dress and let it fall to the floor. She was absolutely stunning, standing before me in the dim light with nothing but her heels remaining. Those fabulous long legs, and a heavenly glow from her tan, her tight, firm breasts and erect nipples that were just begging for attention.
I quickly started removing my clothes as she removed my belt and unfastened my slacks. She promptly placed both hands on my throbbing penis and slowly slid them up and down the shaft. As she pulled me onto the bed, she whispered that we were going to make love in every position we could imagine until we both collapsed from exhaustion.
We spent most of Sunday in bed, only to take short breaks for a quick shower and a bite to eat. After a night like we had shared and a day full of cuddling, sleeping, and exploring each other's bodies, we fell asleep caressing each other's naked, warm bodies.
As the morning light started to brighten the room, we both knew it was time to get ready for work. We showered, dressed, and had coffee while talking about the wonderful weekend that we had shared. I left for work and Sara left at the same time since it was her week to drive. She only had to drive down the street a few houses so she could pick Beth up and they were off to work.
I would have given anything to have been able to hear their conversation on the way to work. I couldn't help but smile as I daydreamed about the great weekend that we had.
I left work a few minutes early since the day had really been dragging and business was exceptionally slow.
As I walked in the house, I heard Sara and Beth talking. I rounded the corner from the kitchen and saw that they were watching porn on the television. I backed up slightly since they hadn't noticed me yet and continued to watch them as they narrated the movie as it played.
Suddenly, I was totally shocked when I realized the movie they were watching was tape of Sara and me Saturday night.
I decided to see what kind of reaction I'd get if I walked into the room and surprised them. They were surprised, but not totally embarrassed about being caught "red handed" as I thought they might be.
Sara promptly explained that when Beth came over to light all the candles and prepare for our return, the two of them had decided to add their own secret twist to the night by hiding a video camera in the bedroom.
Beth was somewhat embarrassed and after we all had a good laugh, she excused herself to leave us alone so we could enjoy the movie.
Sara and I watched the entire movie and talked about everything that had happened Saturday night. We even had a couple glasses of wine and again enjoyed each other's bodies to the fullest.
She asked me if I was mad about what she and Beth had done and then when he caught us watching the movie like giddy teenagers. I was a little surprised, but not shocked since they were the closest of friends. I'm sure I'll be a little "red faced" the next time Beth is in our company, but we'll just have to wait and see.
As Sara shut off the lights so we could go to sleep, she whispered in my ear that she loved me and reminded me that my birthday was coming up next month. BUT THAT'S A WHOLE OTHER STORY!!