Took longer than I wanted to get this up. Hopefully the editing is OK! I appreciate any comments!
**********************
The next morning came way too quickly, I could have slept for so much longer. My groggy eyes slowly opened and in front of me was my wall. My mind started to come around, remember the night before, what happened with Mary, but also what happened in the library. It was hard to keep my mind straight and focused anymore. I still had school work to do, and I still had to remain somewhat of a normal functioning member of society. But at the same time my mind kept going back to how much a public slut I wanted to be. I flipped over under my blanket, remembering that I was still naked. As I spun around Mary started to come into my view.
She was laying on her bed facing the other way. It looked like she was reading a book or looking at something on her phone. She laid there wearing a pink sportsbra, I could see the straps running over her toned back, a pair of black leggings that looked a little worn that came down just below her knees, the waistband was rolled down so they sat right on her hips. A pair of pink running shoes were on her feet. I could see the fabric from her leggings running between her ass. She looked amazing. So athletic and sexy. I just kept staring at her until I started realize it had been awhile.
I was scared to say anything, but I knew I had to. I pulled the blanket up so it was just under my chin and opened my mouth.
"Goodmorning." That was it. Simple and soft.
Mary turned her head and that her whole body as she sat up in her bed, feet on the ground, looking at me. I could see her hard stomach now, it was amazing.
Her knees touched with her hands on top of them as she spoke "Goodmorning Steph". I could tell she was a little annoyed, or angry, or something, I could see it on her face.
"Listen... Mary" I started softly "about last night" I paused waiting for her to say something, but it never came. "I'm sorry that things went as far as they did... I just got a little carried away... anddddd... I'm kind of finding a new part of me that I'm exploring... and you saw a bit of it... so I'm sorry" I waited again.
"That's OK Steph" Mary replied while looking down at her shoes before her eyes rose to meet mine. "It was just a little intense, I didn't really know what was going on."
"I know! I'm sorry!" I said louder as I raised myself from the bed a little to prop myself up on my elbow, the blanket falling slightly below my collar bones.
"I don't want to stop you from being who you are... and a part of me wonders if I'm holding myself back too... you know now really having the 'college experience'... I don't know." Mary said a little rushed, and then took a breath, "I'm going to go for a run... maybe we can talk more later?" She said as she pushed herself off the bed and stood up. "I'll see you in a bit" she said as she opened the door and walked out.
It all went better than I thought it would. I was worried she would hate me, or not want to be roommates anymore. But in the end she was more understanding than I thought she would be, and maybe, just maybe everything would work out alright.
I got up from bed completely naked and opened the drapes. There were buildings across from me, but unless someone was specifically looking at our window I don't think anyone would notice me standing there. The idea of being caught was something I liked though. I opened my drawer and threw on a long-ish white t-shirt that went past my ass, and a pair of grey cotton boy shorts. Before my mind got too dirty during the day I knew I should do some actual school work. I sat down at my desk, opened my books and got to work.
About 45mins later I heard the door open and Mary walk in.
"Hey Steph" she said as she stepped forward.
I turned in my chair. She looked so amazing, so sexy. The sweat was glistening on her body, dripping down her stomach. Her hair was wet from sweat and I could smell it coming from her body. At that moment I wanted nothing more than to pull her close to me and lick the sweat off her body. Something about how she looked right now turned me on so much. I just wanted to run my tongue up and down her stomach, her legs, her pussy and taste her. It took all of my strength not to do it.
"So I was thinking... on my run..." Mary started. "I thought about what you said, about trying new things, and finding things out about you..." She took a second to gather her thoughts as I sat there, knees together, waiting. "I know what you mean, I mean, seeing you do things makes me think maybe I should open up a bit, and see what I really want... You know what I mean?"
I was surprised by what she said, but it made me happy that everything was turning out OK.
"I understand Mary... just relax and see what happens! You know yourself... just be who you want to me, do what you want to do." I said while looking into her eyes. For some reason my hand reached out and grabbed her right hand, and I gently pulled her closer. "We're friends right?" Our knees slightly touching.
"Ya of course" Mary said back looking down at me.
"Good... so just know you can do or say anything you want with me... no judgement or anything... OK?"
"Ya..." she said while smiling a little
I felt closer to Mary now than ever before and it felt good. We looked at each other for a few seconds before she pulled and walked towards her closet.
"Hey Steph... thanks for the talk"
"No problem! Anytime" I replied with a smile and started to turn back to my work.
"I'm going to go and hop in the shower, I'll see you in a bit" and with that Mary had grabbed her bathrobe and left the room. And as she left I could feel my stomach start to rumble. I was already distracted from Mary and how hot she looked I figured stopping my work to get some food made sense.
I got up from my chair, slid my feet into my flip flops, and walked down to the common room wearing only my t-shirt over my panties. It was a college dorm so I didn't exactly stand out. The door swung open from a guy on my floor leaving and he held it open for me as I walked in. Straight ahead was the couches and TV where my first night of showing off happened, I smiled when I saw it. To the left was the kitchen and inside the kitchen making some cereal was Meg.
"Hey" I said as I walked up behind her touching her lower back gently.
She turned to look at me "Hey you... want some cereal?"
"Sure!" I replied, as my eyes moved up and down her body. Fluffy pink slippers on her feet, small pink fabric shorts with cartoon characters all over them, and a white tank top. She brought a bowl down from the shelf, poured in some cereal and milk. I reached out to grab it from the counter when I felt her hands land on my shoulders and push me backwards against the wall. Before I knew what was happening Meg was right up against me and she was kissing me.
I pushed her off. "MEG!... What the fuck!" I was in shock as she still stood right up against me, our legs touching, her hands beside my shoulders against the wall, her lips just in front of mine.
"I'm sorry Steph...I just couldn't help myself. I've been thinking about what happened in the library non-stop and when you walked in looking so fucking sexy I just couldn't control myself... I'm sorry!"
I could tell that Meg was a little sorry, but more than that she just wanted to continue kissing me. My mind started to click through the scenarios and the consequences. There was no one in the room so getting caught was unlikely right now, but I love V and I don't want to cheat on her, but at the same time V has been pushing me to let my slut out, and this would be a perfect opportunity to do just that. All of these thoughts rush through my mind in an instant as I'm standing there staring back at Meg. I finally reached a decision.
My head rushed forward so my lips touched megs and I kissed her. Our mouths both opened and our tongues met as our kiss became more intense. My hands raised from my side and went to her back, pulling her close to me. I heard her let out a low "mmmmm" sound into my mouth. I could feel my pussy start get wet as my hands moved down her back to her ass. I squeezed it as I pulled her even tighter.
"Oh fuck Steph" Meg moaned out loud as our lips separated for only a second.
My hands slipped into her shorts and felt her ass, Meg wasn't wearing any panties. Maybe she was a slut too? I felt her hands move under my t-shirt and on to my ass. She pulled the fabric of my boyshorts up making them into a thong. The added strain on my panties put more pressure on my pussy and I loved it.
"Mmmmm Meg..." I said as I looked into her eyes.
I could feel her hands start to move their way around my body starting to look for my wet pussy. My hands started to do the same on her body. Our tongues continued to be buried in each others mouths. I wanted nothing more than to get on my knees and bury my mouth on her cunt.
The only problem was, we just heard the door open.
Meg jumped back away from me and before I knew it she had her bowl of cereal in her hand. My t-shirt fell back down and covered my panties which stayed bunched up in my ass. I looked as Meg and we smiled at each other. I watched her take a bite of her cereal.
"Well... I'll see you around Steph" Meg said with a smirk as she started walking towards the door. "I'm in room 608... you know... if you are ever looking for me"
Before I could come up with a good reply Meg was out the door. I fell back against the wall for a minute so I could clear the way for the guy on my floor who interrupted us. I took a deep breath or two to settle myself after that little experience with Meg and grabbed my cereal bowl off the counter.
"Bye" I said to the random guy before walking back to my room, slowly eating my cereal as I went. My pussy was almost dripping by this point after the state that Meg had left me in. If I didn't have to go to class soon I would have gone to room 608 and finished what we started. I finally reached my room and opened the door. What I found inside was not what I expected. In front of me was Mary, standing naked with her back to me. My cereal spilled on the ground a little as I was so shocked by what I was looking at. My eyes took in her whole body, from her feet to her head. It was perfect. She slowly slid on a small and tight pair of black spandex shorts. I watched as she bent over and I got a view of her pussy. She pulled the shorts up and they cupped her ass perfectly. She slowly turned around with a black sports bra in her hands.
"Hey Steph..." She said a little quietly. It was obvious she was a little nervous about what she was doing. "I'm trying to be more open... like you" she added while looking at my.
I smiled back. "You look amazing... you should be confident with that amazing body!"
"Thanks" she said while looking down at the ground. Her hands moved to her bra and started to put it on. She followed that with a black sleeveless jersey, it was the jersey for the school volleyball team. "I have a practice now, but tonight I have a game... you should come watch... it's at 8pm in the gym"
It took my awhile to gather my thoughts as I was still holding my cereal and working through what I had just seen.
"Uh sure... sounds good!" I said back finally.
"All right, well I'll see you later then!" Mary said as she grabbed her bag and left for practice.
I was still in shock as the door closed behind me. What had gotten into Mary? I guess our talk, and her run, really did change her mind? My mind kept racing back to her body, it was so perfect. Her pussy looked amazing as she bent over. Between Mary and Meg I was so fucking horny right then. Both girls teasing me and not finishing me off. I put the cereal bowl down on my desk and put my left leg up on my bed. My hands reached for the hem of my t-shirt and pulled it up to my waist in a bunch. My left hand moved down and pulled my panties to the side as my right hand followed and forced two fingers into my dripping cunt.
I fucked myself hard and fast for a few seconds before I took my fingers out and sucked them clean.
"Fuck, what has gotten into me?" I said out loud. I knew I had class in a few minutes, and it was a small tutorial so there was no point in even trying to show off. I grabbed a hoodie and some sweat pants and threw them on. I grabbed my laptop and bag and walked out the door.
The whole way to class, and even while sitting there I could feel my pussy and how wet it was. All I wanted to do was reach into my pants and rub my clit, to fuck my cunt. But even though I liked showing off, I wasn't going to do it in front of the class.
Instead I decided to write an e-mail to V telling her about my very eventful morning. I went through my talk with Mary and how well it went. I told her about my morning rendezvous in the kitchen with Meg, partially because of how slutty it was, but also because I didn't want her to think I would cheat on her. And of course I told her about Mary changing in front of me and how it was out of the ordinary, but amazing. I wrote so much to her that by the time I was done there was only a few minutes left in the class. I don't know what I was supposed to learn that day, but I did know I was still extremely horny.
When I got back to my room I laid down on my bed, I ripped the hoodie off my body, and pushed my sweat pants down. I pulled my grey boy shorts to the side and started to finger my wet hole.
"MMMM... I'm so fucking horny"
I slowly rubbed my clit as dirty thoughts ran through my head.
"I want to be such a fucking slut"
I rubbed a little faster, a little harder.
"I want to fuck Mary so fucking bad... I want to taste her pussy"
"Mmmmm Meg... lets be dirty sluts together..."
My head rolled to the left and I saw my clock, 7:30pm...
"FUCK!" I yelled as my hand came off my clit and my panties slid back in place. Mary's game started soon and I didn't want to be late. If there was one thing I could go for right now that wasn't cumming was watching my fucking sexy roommate wear spandex clothing.
I flipped my phone over just to double check, and the time was right, but I also had a message from V.
V: Hey read your e-mail, sounds like you had a fun morning!
V: Message me when you see this
I typed back to her quickly as I got up from bed.
Me: Hey! Ya it was fun for sure! My god Mary is so fucking hot...
Me: You'd love her ;)
V: I bet I would, lol
V: Do you have time to play?
Me: Sorry babe! I told Mary I would go and watch her volleyball game tonight
V: No problem... hope you have fun!
Me: Thanks!
I started to look through my clothes for something to wear when another message came through.
V: What are you going to wear?
I thought about it for a second and then replied
Me: I'm not sure, something normal, it's in the gym
V: Something normal?
V: Is that what a slut would wear?
I could feel my pussy get even wetter just from her message
Me: Uhhh, I guess not lol
V: Exactly
Me: Well there will be a lot of people around, so...
V: So? Do you like to show off?
Me: Uh yes.
V: And how turned on are you right now?
Me: VERY lol
V: I thought so
V: So lets pick something for you to wear
V: First of all, no bra.
I chuckled to myself
Me: No problem, haven't worn one all day
V: Good girl
Something about reading "good girl" made me tingle... I loved it.
V: Hmmm I'm trying to think about the clothes you have
Me: Ok... well... what about shorts?
V: No, toooooo... something...
Me: A skirt? A dress?
V: Hmmmm
V: Oh! Do you have that wife beater dress thing with the buttons there?
My mind went through my clothes, trying to think of what V was talking about. Eventually it hit me.
Me: V I can't wear that!
Me: That was only for around the house!
V: Are you a slut or not?
The thought swam around my head for a season. Am I a slut? Do I want to be a slut? Deep down I wasn't sure, but I knew it made me feel amazing, so for now the answer was yes.
Me: Yes... I am
Me: Your slut ;)
V: Good girl
V: So that's what you're going to wear.
Me: What about panties?
V: Hmmmm
V: Do you have that bright orange gstring?
Me: Ya, I think so
V: OK, then that lol
Me: Sounds good ;)
Me: Let me get changed and I'll send you a picture
V: Sounds good babe!
I went to my dresser and started to open the draws looking for what I was supposed to wear. I found the orange g-string in only a few seconds, but the dress was harder to find as it was buried at the bottom. I pushed my grey panties down to the floor and slide on the orange ones. I didn't remember that they were a little see through in the front. My hands unfolded the white dress and I pulled it over my head and tugged it down my sides. Looking in the mirror shocked me. The dress was a lot more see through then I remembered, it was bright white and had buttons down the front from the rounded neckline to the bottom hen. My nipples were very visible through the fabric and as my eyes moved lower I could see that my bright orange panties were clearly visible as well. Anyone who looked at me would be able to see that I was wearing this tiny pair of panties under this almost see through dress. I turned around to look at my ass and the dress hugged it so tightly. You could see the bright orange waistband wrap around my waist and then dive in between my ass cheeks. My hands fell to my side and I realized it was shorter than I remembered. Maybe I had grown? Now it was only half way between my pussy and my knees. I looked hot, I looked slutty and and I felt amazing.
I picked up my phone and took a couple of pictures and sent them to V
V: wow
V: that dress is even more see through then I remember!
V: you look so fucking sexy babe
I felt a smile on my face.
Me: I know! I didn't think it was this see through either
V: And how does it make you feel that you're going out like this?
Me: Fucking hot as shit lol
Me: I'm so fucking horny and I feel amazing
V: mmmm good babe
V: I wish I was there
Me: me too!
Me: We have to find sometime to see each other
V: I know...
V: lets talk about it soon
Me: Hey I have to go or I'm going to be late
V: Are you going by yourself?
Me: Well I was thinking of seeing if Meg wanted to go
V: Oh fuck yes! Go with her...
V: I'm sure you two will have some real fun ;)
Me: lol, well ok then
Me: but I really have to go!
V: OK OK... send me the details later!
V: Love you!
Me: Love you!
I closed the app and took a deep breath. Part of me couldn't believe I was going to go out dressed like this, but most of me couldn't wait. The excitement was killing me. I put my feet into my bright pink flip flops, grabbed my stuff and headed out into the hall.
As I walked down the hall towards Meg's room I passed a couple of guys from my floor and I could feel their eyes on my. Looking at my tits, seeing my panties, wondering who would wear this out in public. Just knowing they were looking made me wet. I got to Meg's room and knocked. She opened the door almost immediately. Instinctively I licked my lips when I saw her. She stood in front of me in a white cropped t-shirt that showed off her midriff and a pair of grey short cotton shorts rolled once at the waist. She looked amazing, relaxed but sexy, and I wanted her.
"Hey Steph" she said first as her eyes moved up and down my body "quite an outfit you're wearing" she laughed.
"Uh ya" I chuckled back. "Anyway, I am going to watch my roommates volleyball game... wanna come?"
"Oh, ummmm, ya sure! What else do I have going on?" We laughed together "let me just get changed."
"Woah! Changed? Why?" I asked.
"Uhhh because I can't wear this in public?"
"And why not?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.
"Because it hardly covers anything!" She said slightly shocked by my question.
"Look at me Meg, look at how I'm dressed. Trust me it feels fucking amazing to dress like this. Just try it, I promise you'll love it" I was being completely honest.
I could see Meg thinking about it, the gears turning in her head, going through the options and consequences. Finally she answered.
"FINE! I'll try it" and a huge smile came on her face "Can I at least put shoes on?"
"I guess!"
Meg came back a minute later with all of her things, and a pair of vans on her feet. She locked her door and we made our way to the game.
As we walked through campus towards the gym I could feel people's eyes on us. Girls and guys eyeing us, looking at what we were wearing, wondering what kind of people would wear clothes like that showed off so much. It felt liberating, it felt freeing, and most of all it felt right.
We got to the gym a little late meaning the only seats left were on the top row and right at the end of the stands. Not against a wall, but beside the railing looking down towards a passageway. As we walked in and up the stands the eyes around us followed up. My dress showing off my tits, and my g-string on display. Meg behind me in her slutty shorts and shirt. We had shimmy pass through the aisle to get to our seats. As we went I swore I could feel a hand or too caress my ass. The new me didn't even try to stop them. After what felt like an eternity of saying "sorry" as we passed, we finally made it to our seats.
We sat down and took a deep breath, our knees touching. I looked down to the court and saw Mary playing. She looked so good in her little volleyball outfit, sweating, concentrating. I looked over at Meg and she was concentrating on the game as well. I took my phone out of my purse and took a selfie of Meg and I, making sure to show what we were wearing, and then a second picture of the gym and the crowd, and sent them to V. Almost instantaneously I heard a bing from a response.
V: Looking good babe!
V: Having fun?
I turned my phone and tapped Meg on the shoulder to show her who I was talking to. I'm sure Meg would never forget V from our time in the library.
"Oh god, we're playing with her again?" Meg said with a little laugh
"Yep!" I replied with a huge smile while turning my gaze back to my phone.
Me: Of course!
Me: OMG it was so crazy walking here with everyone looking at us
V: And did you like it?
Me: YES!
V: Of course you did! ;)
Me: I'm pretty sure some people grabbed my ass while we were trying to get to our seats too
V: I bet you liked that too lol
Me: Uh... yes!
V: My god, you are becoming a slut lol
Me: Maybe I am ;)
"What are you guys talking about?" Meg asked leaning in trying to see my phone
"You know, the regular, just how much I like showing off" I replied with a chuckle. We were talking pretty quietly since we were around so many other people.
"Does she have anything she wants us to do?" Meg asked with a sly expression on her face. Her hand moved over and landed on my bare knee.
I leaned over to her ear "Who's the slutty one now?" and we both smiled.
"I don't know, let me ask her" I said as I started typing.
Me: So... Meg wants to know if you have any things you want us to do...
V: Oh really?
V: Sounds like you found a slutty little friend to play with
I turned the phone and showed Meg what V wrote
Me: Meg says that yes, I have found a slutty friend to play with
V: Well good then!
V: Hmmmmm let me think
Meg's hand moved a little bit further up my thigh as we waited. My dress sat about half way up my thigh, my legs were closed, and her warm hand felt amazing.
V: Well first of all you have way too many buttons done up on your dress
V: I want Meg to undo to at the top and two at the bottom and then show me
Me: OK...
I responded simply and turned the phone to show Meg. My heart was beating a little faster already. It wasn't so much about four buttons being undone, it was because there were people around us. I was at the railing, but there were people in front of us, and Meg had a little bit of space beside her, but there were two guys from school there still. It's one thing to do it when you don't think people can see, but this was different. People may not notice, but they could see if they wanted to.
Meg read the message and leaned over and kissed me on the cheek as her hand moved up my body and stopped at the top of my dress. Our eyes locked on to each others and I didn't need to say the words, she knew I wanted her to do it. Her fingers gently popped the first button out of place, and quickly followed with the second one. The opening of my dress now plunged a little deeper than before, maybe a couple of inches. The fabric flayed open slightly now offering more of my cleavage to everyone's view.
I watched as Meg's hand move down my body to the bottom hem of my dress and easily popped open the two buttons. Just like the top of my dress, the bottom now pulled open a little more. The dress naturally wanted to pull open because of its tightness. Meg kept her hand on my knee while I took a picture and sent it to V.
V: Very good.
V: You look amazing
V: But now it's Meg's turn ;)
V: Hopefully she is still OK with playing along?
I turned my phone to show Meg and she nodded with approval and a smile.
Me: Yes, she is ready!
V: Good
V: So here's what I want her to do
V: Well you can help too
V: Tie a knot in Meg's t-shirt so it's shorter
V: and when I say shorter I mean just under her tits
V: and then of course a picture ;)
Me: Sounds good good babe!
I showed Meg the texts and I could see her eyes get bigger. But before I knew it, her hands were moving to gather up her shirts fabric. She pulled it tight so the shirt strained against her braless tits and handed me the fabric. I put a knot in it and looked at her. Her whole midriff was showing now and it looked amazing. Her shorts were below her belly button, and her shirt was pulled up just below her breasts. My hand instinctively ran moved over to her and ran down her stomach. All I wanted to do was continue my movement into her shorts and rub her pussy which was probably wet right now. But I couldn't, not here.
I pulled my phone out again and took a picture with Meg turning towards me to show off her new outfit and sent it to V.
V: Wow
V: She looks so hot
V: I can't believe she is dressed like that
V: I mean I can because I told her to do it
V: But you know what I mean lol
Me: Ya, she looks so hot
Me: I want to taste her pussy so badly!
V: Mmmm you slut!
V: OK
V: Ready for your next challenge?
Me: Obviously!
I waited a few seconds for V to write her next demand. I could feel my pussy getting wetter every second. Meg was leaning over my shoulder trying to see what V was typing.
V: OK, tell Meg to unbutton another 3 buttons on the top AND bottom of your dress
V: Then I want you to open your legs nice and wide to show off that slutty g-string of yours
My mind raced, but it was in the direction of excitement, not fear.
Me: Fuck... yes
V: I can't wait to see!
I turned the phone to Meg and she smiled. She leaned over and kissed my neck as her hand moved to the top buttons on my dress. Button by button came undone and the opening lowered and lowered. After 3 more buttons, 5 in total, the opening was done below my tits. One wrong movement and my nipples would be our for anyone to see. Her hand roamed it's way down my body, over my midriff until it reached the bottom buttons. The kissed moved to nibbling on my ear, my pussy was getting more and more moist. Again the buttons started being undone, one by one. I could feel the cool air running further up my legs. After each button I opened my legs a little further. After the third button was undone I pushed my legs as wide as I could without the dress ripping open. My knees were at least a foot apart now. Anyone looking up this direction would be able to see my bright orange g-string. I was sure it was soaking wet too. It felt amazing. Being this open, this on display in front of so many people. It was taking all of my strength to not touch myself. And by looking at Meg it was taking all of her strength not to touch me too.
I picked up my phone and took a picture and sent it to V. Meg and I both waited in anticipation.
V: Fucking amazing
V: You look so fucking slutty I can't stand it
V: I'm rubbing my clit just so you know ;)
Me: I'm glad you like it lol
V: Ya, just a little lol
Me: Sooooo
Me: Task for Meg?
Me: The game is almost done so we need to hurry
V: Hmmm OK OK
V: Just give me a minute
Meg and I waited for the next task. Our arms were around each others lower backs, rubbing gently. We both just wanted to rip our clothes off and fuck each other, but we knew we couldn't. It felt like an eternity waiting for V's next message.
V: OK
V: Well there isn't much more we can do to Meg's clothing except take it off
V: Which I don't think is in the plans lol
Me: Ya, not today lol
V: Well then here is the task
V: Rub Meg's midriff and then slowly put your hand down her shorts
V: Slide a finger into her wet pussy
V: Take it out and taste it
I looked over at Meg and she was already opening her legs. It dawned on my then that Meg might be an even bigger public slut then me.
I moved my hand over to her and ran it slowly up her exposed thigh. Our eyes were locked onto each other. Slowly, inch by inch my hand moved towards her shorts, up overtop and on to her midriff. I spent a second there rubbing it softly, I even think Meg let out a soft moan that no one else heard. My fingers felt the edge of her shorts as they gently moved under the fabric. I was getting closer and we were both waiting for the moment when I ran across her clit. When I felt it she squirmed in her seat. My finger circled it gently, not wanting to raise any suspicions. Meg's eyes closed and my finger continued lower to her slit. I ran my fingers up and down it feeling how wet she was. My other hand didn't care anymore and found its way to my own pussy. There I was in the middle of the gym rubbing myself and Meg without a care in the world. I slowly pushed my index finger into her waiting pussy. It slid in with no resistance. She was so wet there wasn't anyway there could be. I pushed it in deeper and deeper, and then back out again. I looked at her, she wanted it so badly. I pushed my finger back in, and out, in and out, in and out. Meg started to squirm in her seat and I knew I had to stop. My hand moved it's way out from her shorts and I could see the glistening on my fingers. My other hand removed itself from my own pussy and grabbed my phone. I took a picture of my finger, and then a picture of it in my mouth with a smile. I sent the pictures to V as Meg and I held hands.
V: Mmmm so sexy
V: So fucking sexy
V: You two are amazing
V: Two amazing sluts
I showed the phone to Meg and we both smiled.
V: Is the game done?
Me: Ya, just finished
V: Well I think you two deserve to have a little fun together
I leaned over towards Meg and kissed on the lips. I didn't care who saw.
Me: I think so too ;)
V: Well make sure you tell me all about it
V: I want to know what you two sluts get up too ;)
Me: I will babe!
Me: I love you!
V: I Love you too!
V logged off and I closed my phone. Meg and I waited a few minutes for the people below us to clear out before we started to exit. We both decided to leave our clothes the way they were. Her shirt still tied up right below her tits, and my dress almost completely open. Each step my orange g-string game into view, and every bounce my tits almost fell out. I looked down and my left nipple was completely in view of everyone. I didn't do anything to change it. The eyes on us made us feel amazing. We loved the excitement. People were either turned on by us, or disgusted. It didn't matter to us, we just loved the feeling of being sluts.
Eventually we returned to our dorm and were on our floor. My room was first so I stopped there and told Meg I would meet her in her room in a few minutes. She kissed me and I watched as she walked down the hall, my eyes were locked on her ass.
I went into my room and just wanted to plug in my phone. I reached over my desk and grabbed the cord to plug it in. On top of my laptop was a sticky note.
"I need to talk to you. I'm in the shower. Come see me. Mary"
For some reason I looked over my shoulder like I expected it to be some kind of prank. I picked up the note and read it again. She needs to talk to me? In the shower? And this was from Mary? My mind started to go through the possibilities. What could she want?
I wasn't going to wait to find out. I put the note back down on my desk and walked out the door. I stopped by Meg's room to explain the Mary note and apologized, promising to make it up to her real soon. We kissed and I continued on my way. As I walked towards the bathroom I just kept thinking of all of the different things that Mary could want. Part of my brain wanted to go to dirty places, Mary fucking me, me fucking Mary, but I also knew that it was unlikely based on how things have gone so far. I rounded the corner and pushed the door into the washroom open.
My eyes scanned the back of the room where the showers were. I called out "Mary?", "Hello?". I saw steam coming from behind one of the shower curtains and then it slid to the side just slightly and Mary's head popped through.
"Hey Steph" Mary said speaking loudly over the sound of the shower. "Come over here so we can talk!"
I walked towards her shower stall. Her eyes were moving up and down my body, I could feel them. I was still wearing my short see through white dress with the buttons undone both on the top and the bottom. When I reached the shower stall I leaned against the small tile wall separating the stalls.
"What's up?" I asked still a little confused about why I was here
"I just wanted to say thanks for coming to my game today... I saw you and Meg sitting up in the stands" Mary finished the sentence with a smile, maybe a smirk.
My mind raced. "Oh really? You saw us..." What do I say next? "Well hopefully we didn't distract you." I smiled.
"Oh not at all, I really liked the view actually. You two put on quite a little show for me and well basically everyone on the other side of the gym" She chuckled.
"What?! All those people noticed us?" I was partially shocked, mortified, excited and playing along with Mary. I think we both were.
"Well not everyone, but I did for sure"
"You looked so good out there on the court" I started "Especially with your tight shorts and shirt... your body is amazing"
I could see Mary's face start to blush "Well... thanks."
"So what did you want to talk about? Or was it only to embarrass me and say that you saw what Meg and I were doing?" I smiled while she laughed.
"No... well... I just wanted to say that I was thinking about our last conversation again, and then seeing you and Meg sitting up there, doing whatever you were doing, it just... uh... Turned me on so much."
"Is that right?" I smirked, trying to get her to keep talking.
"Ya... like a lot. I wanted to touch myself so badly while I was sitting on the bench looking up at you two. I could see Meg undoing your buttons, and you tying her shirt up. It was so hot. Why were you two doing it?"
"Well my girlfriend, V, I told you about her, well she likes to tell me to do things, and, umm, I like to do them."
"And Meg?"
"Well she likes to join in too" I laughed "Why don't you keep going... tell me how turned on you were"
"Well lets just say if my shorts were white instead of black it would have been pretty noticeable" We both laughed as I moved off the wall a little and out faces got closer. I wanted nothing more then to pull her close to me and make out with her.
"And how do you feel right now?" I looked into her eyes. Her face turned red again.
"Turned on..."
"Well why don't you do something about it?" My eyes still locked on to hers. My pussy was starting to soak.
"Uh... what do you mean...?"
"Touch yourself"
"Uhhhhhhh"
"Now" Part of me liked being in charge. The more turned on I got, the more I wanted to play with Mary, and the only way to do that was to get her beyond the wall she was currently stuck at.
"Ummmm... OK..." She said.
I could tell she wasn't entirely sure what she was doing was OK, or right, or what she wanted, but I knew once she did it, once she started to feel the pleasure, she would get more into it.
Her head was still peaking through the shower curtain, but now it fell down loosely, not pulled to the side as her hand moved down to her pussy. I couldn't see anything, but her eyes closed for a moment and a moan escaped her lips and I knew she was playing with herself. I started talking to her. "Keep going... Think about how turned on you are and how good it feels to play with yourself" Her eyes closed again and her head rolled back. "Think about me and Meg playing up on the bleachers while you watched us and how horny it made you." My hand slipped down under my dress, pushed my panties to the side and started to play with my own soaking wet pussy. I heard another moan escape Mary's lips. "Think about when you saw me fucking myself on my bed in our room, how that made you feel, how you wanted to be doing it with me..." I pushed the comment. I wanted to see how she would react to the idea of her and me playing together. Her eyes opened and she looked at me. I waited a second and then she licked her lips slowly and seductively. I knew that was my opening.
My hand reached for the shower curtain and slowly slid it to the side exposing Mary's completely naked body to my eyes. Water cascading over her tits, over her toned stomach and her shaven pussy. Her wet hair looked amazing, but most of all, her eyes full of lust looking at me. Mary leaned back against the wall and continued to play with herself as I watched. She could see my hand playing with my pussy too, we just watched each other for a minute until I couldn't take it anymore.
I walked into the shower pulling the curtain closed behind me. My white dress got soaked and became completely see thru. I didn't care. I moved until I was right against Mary, I pushed her hard against the back wall and kissed her. I was so turned on I just wanted to take control. My lips pushed roughly against hers and our mouths parted, our tongues met and we made out passionately. I grabbed her tits and played with her nipples. To my surprise I could feel Mary moan into my mouth. It was obvious she liked me taking over. I reached down and started playing with her wet pussy, my finger running up and down her slit. Slowly I slid a finger into her waiting hole, her mouth separated from mine momentarily as she let out a loud moan. It was obvious she was starting to get into it. Her legs opened wider giving me more access to her cunt.
I got down on my knees as I continued to finger fuck her. My mouth attached itself to her clit, I wanted to turn her on to a point where she couldn't stop. I felt her hand on the back of my head and push my mouth and tongue harder on to her clit. I could feel her start to move her hips against me. She loved it. I slide a second finger into her hole gently. To my surprise I felt her hand grab my wrist and start to move my hand with it's two fingers in her hole in and out faster and harder, faster and harder. "Ughhhh fuck..." I heard her say out loud. I kept fucking her hard with my fingers while I continued to play with her clit. I could feel her getting close to cumming when we both heard the door open to the bathroom, I didn't care, but I could feel Mary tense up, I looked up at her and I could see the fear in her eyes. My fingers slid out of her pussy and I moved myself back up so we were face to face. I gently rubbed her pussy while I whispered in her ear.
"Don't worry about them... do what feels good... who cares who knows what we're doing... doing this feels good and we love it..." I looked at her and she still looked a little worried "I want you to think about how your pussy feels, and then you're going to get on your knees and eat my ass... OK?" Our eyes met again and she slowly nodded. She was engrossed by what was happening and would do what I said.
I pushed her down to her knees with the water running over her. I turned around and leaned against the wall and pulled up my dress so it was over my hips, I slid my panties down and spread my legs. Without any further instruction I felt her hands on my ass and she pulled them apart, her tongue touched my asshole and my eyes rolled back. It felt amazing, and it seemed like she had done this before. Her tongue moved up and down, side to side and in circles. Every once and a while it would probe gently into my hole making me gasp with pleasure. "FUCK YES" I said loudly as she kept her tongue on my ass. I didn't care who heard me, and I think the more brazen I was the more she realized nothing was going to stop us.
I stood up for a second and spun around. Our eyes met and it looked like she was upset that she had to stop tasting my ass. It made me wonder more about Mary. Maybe there was more to her then I could even think about right now. It didn't matter, I just wanted her to fuck my pussy, I needed to feel something inside of me.
"Finger fuck me and lick my clit" I said to her. She wasted now time.
Her mouth attached itself to my clit as she slid a finger into my hole. "Fuck my hard" I said while looking down at her. She started to thrust the finger into me roughly. "More... I need more in my pussy". A second finger slid in, but I still needed more "Put four fingers in my slutty cunt!" I almost screamed. I was so turned on. Even for me and how horny I've been this was surprising. I just needed to feel a stretch so badly. "Mmmmm fuck me hard Mary... fuck me like a slut" As her fingers kept driving into my pussy I started to move up and down trying to ride her fingers. "Mmmm fuck... fuck... FUCK!" I started to get closer to cumming. I loved every minute of it. "YES FUCK ME CUNT" I said while looking down at Mary. I felt her other hand run up my body and start to pinch my nipples through my dress. That little bit of extra attention started to push me over the edge. After a few more minutes of her fucking my pussy with her fingers and her tongue lashing at my clit I finally gave in and came all over her hand. "FUCKK YES!" I screamed while coming down from the high. Mary lifted herself off her knees and brought her fingers covered in my cum up to my mouth. I licked every finger clean and we smiled at each other.
I pushed Mary back up against the wall and started to kiss her. My tongue entered her mouth as I pushed two fingers back into her pussy. I could feel her moan as we kissed. My fingers kept working her hole until I felt her cum on them. We broke out kiss and I had her lick her own fingers clean. We smiled at each other, and then we kissed again.
The water kept cascading over our bodies, I let the water run over my head and down my body. Mary moved under the stream and washed her hair as I leaned against the wall just out of the way slowly rubbing my clit watching her naked body. After a few minutes Mary reached her hand out and turned off the water. She turned towards me and we kissed gently, her hand reaching out around me and grabbed her towel. She dried her hair roughly and and wrapped it around her body, covering her tits and ending just below her ass. It was at this point that we both realized something.
"Oh shit" Mary said "I don't have a towel for you"
I looked down and saw that my dress was completely see thru. I pushed it down from above my hips so it was covering my ass, even though you could see right through it. My mind went through my options for a second. How could I cover myself? And then it hit me, I didn't care. I loved showing off and being a slut. This was the new me.
"Oh, don't worry about it, I'm fine like this" I smirked at Mary and pushed the curtain back.
Two girls from our floor were brushing their teeth at the sinks and as we walked out of the shower they turned towards us and gawked. One smiled, one was just in disbelief. I smiled back and reached back to grab Mary's hand. I could tell she was looking at the ground trying to hide from the two girls. We walked back to our room hand in hand, and when we got inside I looked at her closely, our eyes locking, and our lips meeting. I gave her a kiss.
"I had a lot of fun tonight" I said with a smile
"Ya... me too... I can't believe we did that..."
"Did you like it?" I asked with a smirk
"Well obviously!" Mary laughed. "It was so fucking hot!"
"Ya... it was!" I joined her laugh as she turned around and removed her towel. "I'm going to chat with Victoria and let her know about my crazy day. Sleep tight!" And with that I took off my wet dress and changed into some shorts and a t-shirt. I spent the next hour chatting with V, filling her in on everything that happened. She loved it and kept telling me to keep going and to try new things. I knew I would, I couldn't wait to do something slutty again.