We were on holiday at the time. One of those late summer holidays. The beaches are less crowded and the sea and sand are warm from the long hot summer.
We've always enjoyed finding quiet, out of the way beaches where we can sun bathe nude, and this holiday was no different. We had found this little cove where everyone was sun bathing nude, and we spent part of everyday there.
One evening, we were laid in the sun and as time passed, everyone started to leave the beach. Eventually there was just my wife and I and one other couple left. They were about a hundred yards away from us down the beach, and while we were laid sunbathing they were splashing around in the water.
We watched them as they messed around, and as they ran up the beach to where their towels were laid. To our surprise they then started making love on the beach. We couldn't see that well from where we were, but he definitely rolled between her legs and we could make out his slow rhythmic thrusting. They rolled over so she was now on top, and she rose up and down in a slow and steady motion and eventually collapsed on top of him. Evidently they had both come.
They lay together for a few minutes before picking up their things and disappearing over the top of the dunes towards the road.
While we had been watching them my hands had started to wander across my wife's body, and as they left the beach we started to get a little passionate, if you know what I mean. We were kissing and caressing, and rolling around on our towels.
Anna ended up on top of me, crushing her tender little breasts into my chest as we kissed. She then slid slowly down, kissing my chest, then my stomach, and eventually taking my stiff cock into her mouth. I lay there in heaven.
A beautiful, warm summers evening, lying in the Mediterranean sun with the love of my life knelt between my legs gently sucking and nibbling my cock. She worked her mouth up and down, teasing me with every stroke.
I was basking in the beauty of her wonderful blowjob when a movement caught my eye over her shoulder.
There were three people coming down the hillside towards the beach. I was torn. Should I tell my wife and spoil the wonderful work she was doing with her mouth on my cock, or wait and see if they were really coming down to the beach.
Anyway, being a man, and being driven by the pleasure I was receiving I decided to wait and see. My wife moved back up my body, and lifted herself up just enough to slip my wet and slippery cock into her warm and waiting pussy. I love it when she takes control of our lovemaking. She began to work her pussy up and down my cock, long slow strokes, gripping me tightly with her pussy muscles.
Over her shoulder I could see that the three people coming down to the beach were all young men. I also knew that they must be able to see us by now.
But still I didn't say a word to my wife -- I decided I'd pretend I hadn't seen them, and wait until later.
She continued to work herself up and down my cock, sometimes slowly, sometimes quickly, and sometimes just sitting bolt upright and really grinding her pussy into me to get every last millimetre inside her. Then she had her first shuddering orgasm, and lay forward onto my chest as she let it subside.
This was my cue. I whispered into her ear that there were some people coming down onto the beach, that they were only about two hundred yards away and that they must have seen us making love.
We lay there for a while, I wasn't sure what she would do. Then as her orgasm subsided, and her breathing became less laboured she began to gently rock back and forth on my cock.
I told her that the people were getting closer. She continued to rock back and forth on my cock.
I told her it was three young men, and they were now standing just twenty or thirty yards away. She lifted herself up again, sitting bolt upright on my cock, and then began to fuck me hard. Lifting herself up till my dick almost fell out, before slamming it home hard.
The three lads were stood at the edge of the water watching as my beautiful wife bounced up and down on my dick. She was enjoying herself.
I asked if being watched was turning her on and she just nodded. I reached up and began to massage her breasts as she rode me. I rolled her stiff nipples between my fingers and she began to moan. She was heading towards another orgasm. She loves having her nipples pulled gently while she's fucking me in this position, it drives her wild.
Faster and faster she pumped up and down my dick, as I pinched and pulled on her swollen nipples. Louder and louder came her lustful moans. There was no doubt that the three young men could both see and hear her as she approached another orgasm. Then she came. She sat bolt upright with my cock as far inside her as it would go, squeezing it as hard as she could with her pussy as she shook and moaned in sexual ecstasy.
As she came down from her sexual high I glanced past her down to the water's edge and saw that our watchers had the cocks in their hands, masturbating, as they had watched my wife ride me. I pulled her down to me and rolled over so I was between her legs and she would, for the first time see the voyeurs.
I was close to coming myself, but wanted her to see them watching us. I began to fuck her slow and deep, savouring every moment, knowing that there were three men watching me fucking my wife and wishing they were between her legs rather than jacking themselves off.
"They're coming closer" my wife said as my thrusting began to quicken. "You're enjoying being watched aren't you" I replied. "Mmmm" was her reply. She was in the zone, and I knew that when I spilled my seed inside her she would boil over into her third orgasm of the evening.
"Closer" she said. "Who, you or them?" I asked. "Both" she replied.
I couldn't hold on any longer. One more deep thrust and my cock jerked and spat my come deep inside my wife's pussy. Spurt, after spurt, after spurt. Anna's pussy was pulsating in rhythm with my balls, sucking every last drop of semen out of me and into her.
I was spent and rolled off her. For the first time the three young men saw my naked wife laid there in all her glory with my semen slowly oozing out of her pussy. For the first time I saw that they were naked and had their rock hard cocks in their hands and were busy wanking to the sight and getting ever closer.
They were close enough to hear me ask Anna "Do you want them to come all over you?", and to see her nod her head as she gazed at their cocks.
No further invitation was required. They came closer still and knelt down around my wife and carried on wanking until, one by one, they unload their spunk all over Anna's stomach, boobs and pussy. Once they had emptied their balls over Anna they quietly said thank you and went on their way down the beach while Anna and went down to the sea so she could wash off their seed before we headed back to our apartment.