I'm sitting on a park bench in the evening in a fairly secluded part of the park. No one has walked by in nearly half an hour when I see you stroll near. You are wearing a grey zip up hoodie and a tight black skirt. He hood is over your head, hiding your face. I close my eyes and return to meditating in the quiet of the almost empty park. I can't help but think of your legs. The soft, milky skin that would be so silky to touch. I imagine the rest of you is as shaved as perfectly as those legs must have been. My mind wanders up to your tight ass. I bet I could have bounced a quarter off of it and it wouldn't have moved a bit. It must of been very fit and muscular to hold that shape in something so tight.
I felt someone sit down on the bench with me and my eyes opened slowly. It was you, hoodie still obscuring your face and torso. I closed my eyes again and returned to my thoughts. Somehow you had slid closer to me without my notice. My eyes remained shut, but I could feel your presence next to me. Ever so gently I felt your soft, gentle touch wander its way to my manhood, slowly caressing it through my pants. I took a slow deep breath and relished in the touch. Electricity coursed through my body as you tease the tip of my erect cock.
You hesitate for a moment, checking if anyone else is around. No one is in sight. With gracefulness that few could hope to manage, you spin off of the bench and squat between my legs. Your hands massage the tops of my thighs for a brief moment before pulling off your hood and finally letting me gaze upon your face. It is he face of an angel, soft features encompassing brilliantly blue eyes and a set of full red lips. The color of your glossy lipstick could only be described as blood red, which appeared very dark in the evening light. You had soft, curly red hair that now hung just below your shoulders. You lean back for just a moment and I can see your shaven pussy glisten in dim light. My imaginings were correct, perfectly smooth.
You reach up and unzip your hoodie, exposing a pair of nice, full c-cup sized breasts with a matching set of very hard pink nipples. The look on your face is one of pure lust and excitement. Our eyes lock a you lean back in. With as much care in your touch as before, you undo my pants and expose my painfully hard manhood to the cool air. Your hand grips my the base of my shaft with a gentle firmness. Your eyes never leave mine as you lean in and begin to tease the tip of my cock with the end of your tongue. I take slow, deep breaths to try to control myself as your tongue swirls around the head of my cock. You lick up and down my shaft and it is becoming too much to take. You suddenly grip the base of my shaft hard with both hands. This keeps me from cumming too soon, but it is still taking all my will to hold out just a little bit longer.
You stop licking for just a few seconds. You smile a beautiful smile and I am able to regain some composure. With that you return to sucking, now taking me full into your mouth. I cannot look away from those blue eyes as you devour me. Your right hand have moves from gripping my shaft to massaging my balls. You moan softly as your left hand is fingering your dripping pussy. I can't take it anymore and you can see that. With a moan that screams to me CUM, I gasp and let everything I had been holding on to go. My hot cum fills your mouth as you keep sucking and sucking. After every last drop was siphoned out of me, you lick me clean.
You give my sensitive tip a gentle kiss as a good bye. You gracefully stand up and zip up your hoodie, concealing your perky breasts again. You hide your face in the hood again as you walk off back into the darkness. You remain a mystery to me for the rest of my life, having shared so much pleasure without sharing a single word.