Rachel had texted me wanting to play, but I'd been working, so I missed it. Now I had time to play, though, so I texted her back.
"Sorry, been busy, what's up?"
"I'd wanted to play a sexy game, but I'm delivering pizza now"
"We can still play"
"Not really, don't want to get fired"
"You won't. What are you wearing?"
"Dungarees"
"Picsoritdidnthappen"
She sent me a picture. She was wearing denim bib overall things, but they were shorts. She had on a white T-shirt underneath it. Excellent.
"Who are you delivering to next?"
"Regulars, a family"
"Lose the shirt, have them take a picture of you"
"What?"
"Tell them it's a game you're playing at the pizza shop."
"Fine, this better not end badly"
About ten minutes later I got a picture of her and an older couple. She'd taken her T-shirt off, so you could see her bra straps, but the bib part covered her tits.
"Text me when you know who's next"
"Big tip, the dad was really happy to see me!"
Well duh.
I was wondering if any of the guys were delivering pizza tonight, so maybe I could get them involved. I also realized that she'd probably put her T-shirt back on.
"I've got a delivery to a place I haven't been before"
"OK, lose the shirt again, and if you feel comfortable, ask them to remove your bra, take picture, bib down."
"Again, what?"
"Tell them you were playing truth or dare, which is why you need a picture"
After fifteen or so minutes, I got a picture of her in her overalls next to some guy with a big grin on his face. She had her bib down, so was topless, outside their front door, looking towards the house. Then the phone rang. It was her, and she was driving back to pick up the next order.
"That was amazing! There were two cute guys, and I pretended to be all shy and stuff, and said I'd been dared to let them take my bra off. They didn't know what to do, so I unhooked my bib, and let them do the bra. I covered myself up, but the one guy said that probably wouldn't work for the picture, so I stood on their doorstep, topless, while he took the picture. They wanted me to stay and party with them, but I said I had to get back to work. They gave me a huge tip - more than their pizza cost!"
"I'm happy you're happy," I said. "Don't put your bra back on."
"I can't drive around nearly topless!"
"Take your shirt and bra off and send me a picture."
"Hang on a minute," she said.
I got a picture, and it did look like something she'd get into trouble for.
"OK," I said, "you can wear your T-shirt, but leave the bra off."
"Fine," she said, "gotta go."
"Text me when you get your next delivery."
About ten minutes later, I got a text from her.
"Another family"
That wasn't what I was looking for, I didn't want to get her in trouble.
"Text me the next delivery"
I went back to surfing the web, and about forty minutes later, I got another text from her.
"Regular, old guy"
"Lose the shirt, ask him to take panties off"
"WHAT?"
"Tell him you're on a dare. Come on, it'll make his night"
"Seriously?"
I didn't dignify that with a reply.
About fifteen minutes later, I started getting pictures. First was her, with the bib up, but topless otherwise. She was outside the guy's front door, but it looked like you walked up the side of the garage to get there, meaning she could only be seen by people directly in front of his house. Then there was one with one side of the bib unhooked, and the top of her tit just peeking out - no nipple. The next one was her with the bib down, and her tits on show. The next one was her pulling the overalls down over her hips. The next one was her in her sneakers and panties, covering her tits. The next one was of him pulling her panties down. I could see she'd kept up the shaving. The next one was of her standing there naked, feet apart and hands on her head. All while wearing her company baseball cap.
I waited a few minutes, then the phone rang. She was driving again.
"I'm so turned on right now! OK, show I show up, right, and he can see I'm topless under the bib, right? And he mentions it. I told him I'm playing this truth or dare game with a friend, and I've ended up topless. And actually, I'd like his help with the next dare. I tell him I need him to take off my panties, and I've never seen him so excited. So I said about taking pictures as proof, and gave him my phone, so he was taking pictures. I have so many pictures to show you. Anyway, he undid my bib, then let me take my dungarees off, then he pulled off my panties. All in front of his house! It was so humiliating, but I loved it."
"So what are you wearing now?" I asked.
"I have my dungarees on, but not my panties, as I can't get them on without stripping off again. I have my shirt on."
"Stay like that for now - you're not to put your panties back on for the rest of the day, OK?"
"That should be easy - this was probably my last delivery today, as we'll be shutting soon."
"Fine," I said
"Can I come over when I'm done at work? I'm sooooo horny right now."
"Sure," I said, "maybe I'll set something up that we can play."
"Ooh," she said, "now you're teasing me."
We said our goodbyes, and she hung up. I started to think about what we could do this evening, as she's a lot of fun when she's horny.
About five minutes later, I got a text from her.
"The old guy's called in an order for garlic bread he forgot, and asked for me to deliver it. I'll be late."
"You should suck his dick"
"No way, he's like 60"
"It's up to you"
I sat and waited and she didn't reply.
About forty minutes later, I got a picture of her standing naked inside what was most likely the old guy's house. Shortly after that, I got a picture of an old hand squeezing one of her tits. Then I got a picture of her kneeling down in front of him and holding his dick, taken from above her. The old guy was still wearing his shirt. Then a picture of her with his dick in her mouth, with his bare belly mostly in the way. Then one of her kneeling on the floor with his cum all over her tits. Then one of her standing with his cum all over her tits, showing her bare pussy.
I waited for the phone call. The phone rang less than a minute after the last picture showed up.
"I'm on my way over now, and I'll tell you all about it. I don't want to play any games, I just want to fuck you, OK?"
"OK," I said, "now concentrate on your driving."
Well, that saved me organizing anything. I was watching out the window, and she pulled up in the parking lot downstairs about twenty minutes later, and came running up the stairs. She was wearing her dungarees, and carrying a handful of clothes. I opened the front door as she came in, breathless from running up the stairs.
She hugged me, and said "I want to tell you all about it, then have a shower, then have you fuck me senseless."
"I'm OK with that," I said, as she led the way to the living room.
She stood there, in front of the sofa, and started talking excitedly.
"So I was all ready to go home when I got back to the shop, and they told me the old guy had forgotten to order garlic bread, right? And he'd asked that I deliver it to him, right? So I said I didn't want to deliver it as it was the end of the night, I wanted to come over here and play, but the boss said he'd really appreciate it if I could deliver it on my way home - he'd paid by credit card so there was no need to go back to settle up, or even clock out or anything, he'd just give me an hour, so I said I'd do it. Anyway, on my way over there I took my T-shirt back off, and already didn't have panties on, so I rocked up to his front door wearing just my dungarees. I rang the bell, and he came to the door, took the bread, and said he hoped I didn't mind, but he'd wanted to see what the next round of truth or dare brought. I asked if I could come in, and he said I could, so we were inside his house where nobody was going to see me. I told him I'd been dared to suck his dick, but that I was thinking I'd default and take truth, as that seemed too far. I told him he was sweet and everything, but I didn't want to put him through that. He was really, really excited, and said he'd been hoping for something like that, and said he'd like to help out with my dare so I didn't have to take the forfeit. I acted all nervous, because I was! He came up to me and unhooked my bib, and I let him. It flopped down, and he rubbed my tits for a bit and asked me to take my dungarees off, so I did. I remembered I needed proof, so I gave him my phone, and he started taking pictures. He felt me up for a bit. I knelt down in front of him, and undid his pants and pulled them down a bit, so I could get his dick out. I sucked it into my mouth, and ran my tongue all over the head, and he stopped me and took his shirt off, then said to carry on. I sucked him for a while longer, but then I started to taste his pre-cum, and wasn't sure I wanted him to cum in my mouth, so I said he could cum on my tits instead. I knelt up, and stroked his dick, occasionally rubbing it on my tits. He loved this, and came soon afterwards, and dear god there was a lot of it, it went all over my chest. Oh, but you know that, I sent you some of the pictures. Anyway, he went and got me some napkins from his pizza to clean up, and was really sweet about the whole thing. I got dressed, and kissed him on the cheek and thanked him for helping me out, then left and came over here. I feel really gross, and I can still smell his cum, so let me have a shower, OK?"
She stopped babbling, unlocked her phone and gave it to me so I could look at the pictures, then went and turned the shower on. I got her a towel, and watched her washing herself while flicking though her pictures of this evening's adventure.
When she was done, she asked if we could go to the bedroom, rather than fuck in the living room, and I led the way. She dropped her towel on the floor and sat on the bed, and started unbuttoning my jeans as I took my shirt off over my head. She pulled my jeans and underwear down, and I pulled my feet out of them as she started licking my dick. She swirled her tongue around the head, and I stepped on my socks to get them off, then she sucked most of it into her mouth a couple of times.
"Right," she said, "that's enough foreplay, get on the bed."
I did as I was told, lying on my back. She climbed on top of me, and easily slipped my dick inside her - she was still turned on from her adventures, even though that was a while ago. She sat there for a while, grinding on me back and forth until she came, at which point she slumped forward on me. About a minute later, she was feeling better, and climbed off me.
"Stay there," she said, and headed off for the living room.
She came back with the nipple clamps I'd got her.
"Can you put these on me?" she asked.
"Sure," I said, sitting up.
"No, stay there and do it," she said, straddling me again and putting my dick back inside her. She leaned forward so I could put one, then the other, nipple clamp on her. She sat back up again, and started grinding again, while holding the chain between the clamps taut away from her so it pulled her nipples away from her body.
"Oh god yes," she said, as she started to cum again.
Now she started to lift herself up and down on my dick, and I could feel her pussy still clenching and relaxing on my dick, as she was having one long orgasm. She let go of the chain, and reached behind her to stroke my balls, squeezing them gently until I came inside her.
She sat there impaled on me for a minute or so, then lifted off me, leaving a dollop of cum on my stomach. She looked at me with a grin, then leaned down and licked it up, before sucking and licking my dick clean of our combined juices. I reached over and unclipped her nipple clamps, one at a time, and she groaned as the blood rushed back into them.
"Can I spend the night?" she said, "I'm too tired to drive home."