THE FALL OF THE DRAGON LADY
Marcy needs a C from Dr. Kittredge. She will do anything.
Please read the Standard Disclaimer on the Alextasy Biography page
--=[OOO]=--
Marcy chewed her nails, waiting anxiously in the hall outside her professor's office. Her calculus grade was a low 'D' and she needed at least a 'C' from Dr. Kittredge to push her GPA up enough to hold on to her scholarship.
She'd already decided she would do anything to avoid the stony, silent glare from her father. He was impossible to please. Nothing she ever did was good enough for him. When she'd told him she'd gotten a full scholarship, her father had actually said he was proud of her. Marcy couldn't remember feeling so happy. She couldn't flunk out and disappoint him. She just couldn't.
If she didn't convince her math professor to give her some extra work to pull up her grade she was screwed. Yesterday afternoon, for the first time in her fifteen years of schooling, Marcy was so desperate that she'd subtly offered to give her history professor some 'extra work' of an oral nature in return for a better grade. He'd laughed at her. Actually laughed! She'd been so embarrassed, she ran from his office crying.
Now here she was, sweating in the hall while she awaited her final shot at pulling her brief collegiate career out of the toilet. Marcy held little hope that sexual favors would do her any good with Dr. Kittredge, even if she had a clue how to please the cold, hard-assed Dragon Lady. That's what the students called her. Dr. Kittredge's tests were fiendish and she was merciless with her grading. She had a reputation for slicing students to ribbons with a freezing stare and a few razor-sharp words.
Marcy idly wondered when the heartless Dragon Lady had last gotten laid. She laughed to herself. That might explain a lot of things.
She jumped when the office door opened. A lanky boy trudged out, his shoulders slumped and his head hanging down. When he saw Marcy, he said quietly, "Good luck. You're gonna' need it."
Taking a deep breath, she steeled herself and went in.
After closing the door softly behind herself, Marcy waited, standing by the huge, immaculately clean hardwood desk. Dr. Kittredge didn't even look up. She was busy making marks in her infamous black grade book. Marcy could only imagine that her professor was the iceberg to that poor boy's Titanic.
Finally, Dr. Kittredge noticed her. Marcy was surprised to see something that almost appeared to be a smile briefly adorn her professor's angular, refined face. She realized she'd never actually seen the woman happy.
"Well, Miss Lewis. I was wondering when I would find you groveling at my door."
"Dr. Kittredge, um, I...uhh..." Marcy stammered like a complete idiot. She hadn't really thought about what she might offer to do. Write a paper? Clean her house?
"You showed such promise, Miss Lewis," Dr. Kittredge said. "I haven't enjoyed watching you slip to the seventy-eighth percentile."
Marcy was stunned. She had assumed her class ranking was much lower than that. The others must be doing worse than she thought. She was also intrigued that Dr. Kittredge knew exactly where she stood without looking at her damned black book.
"I've tried really hard, Dr. Kittredge. I studied every night and...and I did all the homework you assigned. I have to get a higher grade or I'll lose my scholarship." Tears were already trickling down Marcy's cheeks. "Please, give me a chance. I'll do anything you tell me. Please, ma'am?"
"Just like you would do anything for Dr. Harmon yesterday?" the bitch smirked.
"Ohgod!" Marcy gaped. He must have told everybody!
Dr. Kittredge said, "Surely you must know that the university has strict rules about professors cavorting with students. We could lose tenure."
"I...I've never done that before. I swear I haven't! It's just--"
"Why are you still standing, Miss Lewis?"
"Huh?" Marcy said, making her feel even smaller and more stupid.
"When you came into my office, you didn't take a seat." Dr. Kittredge glanced toward the two chairs in front of her desk. "Most students would have flopped their lazy behinds in the nearest chair."
"Oh. I'm sorry," Marcy said, edging toward one of the chairs.
"Stand up straight!" Dr. Kittredge snapped, and Marcy jerked to attention. In a softer voice, her professor said, "Answer my question. Why didn't you sit down?"
A confused Marcy said, "My father always told me that I wasn't allowed to sit until I was given permission."
"You're an obedient young woman, aren't you?"
"I was taught to respect my superiors."
There was that hint of a grin again. Marcy was befuddled. This meeting was going all wrong. Why was her professor asking all these inane questions? What was it going to take to get her grade up?
"Dr. Kittredge, I'll be glad to--"
"After your slutty offer to Dr. Harmon, I presume you're quite the whore, too." When Marcy gasped, her teacher said, "Don't act so innocent, child. I'll bet you're spreading those long, smooth legs every night for your boyfriend."
"I...I don't have a boyfriend," Marcy replied. Indignantly, she added, "And I'm not a whore!"
"Didn't you just tell me you would doanythingfor a higher grade?"
Marcy stared at the older woman, dazed at the sudden shift in the direction of this conversation. "Wh-what are you saying?"
Steepling her fingers in front of her mouth, Dr. Kittredge narrowed her eyes. "What grade do you expect?"
Doing a few quick calculations in her head, Marcy said, "An eighty." Suddenly recognizing the unique leverage of her position, she corrected herself. "No. Eighty-five." A few extra points might help keep her out of trouble next semester.
Dr. Kittredge snickered. "Aren't we the mercenary little cunt?"
Marcy pinched a smile. She wasn't sure why those uncomplimentary words sounded like a compliment.
She looked across the desk at the older woman. Well, not really so old. Probably in her thirties. The Dragon Lady didn't seem so formidable when she smiled like that. She was actually quite attractive. The high cheekbones gave her an elegant appearance. Her full breasts--larger than Marcy's--and narrow waist were surprisingly feminine. Marcy was sure that underneath that stony-face her professor might actually be a beautiful woman if she would only relax once in a while and let down the honey blonde hair that she kept pulled tight to her scalp.
Marcy decided, yes, if it would buy her an eighty-five, she would consent to a test of her tongue's ability to please her professor. She had sampled her own flavor a few times after she'd diddled herself. It wasn't bad. Would Dr. Kittredge taste the same? It didn't matter. If she got nothing else out of it, she would enjoy watching the bitch's tightly wound propriety come unglued.
"What would you like me to do for you?" she asked in a soft, sultry voice.
"Oh, you stupid child," her professor laughed. "I thought we were clear. You and I can't even shake hands."
"But...but, I thought..."
"Stop thinking, you ignorant whore!" Dr. Kittredge growled, leaning forward on her elbows. "You will do as you are told. Is that too much to ask of your puny, hormone-addled brain?"
"N-no, ma'am. I mean yes, ma'am," Marcy stuttered. What was going on?
The older woman rocked back in her leather chair, examining her own well-manicured nails. In a quiet, yet firm voice, she said, "Your grade, Miss Lewis, will be commensurate with your ability and willingness to follow instructions to the letter. Here is what you're going to do..."
Three and a half hours later, after riding up the 52-story glass elevator, Marcy was again chewing her nails. This time she was sitting alone at a table in 'Mainstreet52', the newest and most prestigious restaurant in town.
She had bathed herself just as Dr. Kittredge had instructed, exactly twelve minutes in the hottest water she could stand. She'd made herself come in the steamy tub, with a finger in her butthole as she'd been directed. The orgasm had been surprisingly strong. Then she shaved her legs and underarms smooth, but not her mound. Her professor had seemed particularly pleased to learn of her natural bush.
After her bath, she had put on her spaghetti-strap LBD--the 'little black dress' that every girl owns--with no bra, and only a pair of panties. The black ones with lace edging. The doctor had selected those from Marcy's descriptions of her favorites.
Then came the black heels with no stockings or hose. The only jewelry allowed was a few bangles on her left wrist. Her makeup was modest, except the 'fuck-me' red lipstick--Dr. Kittredge had shocked her when she used those exact words. She wore no scents, not even deodorant.
When she told the maître d' she was meeting 'Mr. Morrison', his brow came up and he got a knowing smirk. He had seated her alone at a table for two by the floor-to-ceiling windows. The mysterious Mr. Morrison would recognize her, she was told.
Now she was staring out those windows on the town below. Her fists were clenched. She wanted to leave, to shove her chair back and run as fast as she could from this place. She couldn't imagine what was going through her head when she'd agreed to her bitchy professor's demands.
It was the final preparations that had made a chill run up her spine. Both of her lower orifices were fastidiously clean. She knew what that meant. Still, she had done as she was told.
It wasn't like she was a virgin, at least not up front. She wasn't a whore like Dr. Kittredge said, either. Marcy simply wasn't all that excited about sex. The four guys she'd been with were okay. A couple of times she had come close to an orgasm. She didn't understand what all the fuss was about.
The thought of allowing some stranger she'd never met to be the first to screw her in the butt terrified her. She'd heard the tales from some of her girlfriends. They described their 'back-door love' experiences as humiliating and painful.
This was not at all how she'd imagined debasing herself for a grade. She figured they'd make the deal then she would drop to her knees on the office floor, close her eyes, and do the dirty just like with her boyfriends. As usual, she would swallow, no mess, no fuss. It didn't taste nearly as bad as her girlfriends said.
Instead, she was dressed for a date at this four star restaurant, surrounded by all these high class people in their silk suits and formal gowns. Just the necklace she spied on one woman would pay for her entire education. Marcy wasn't looking for romance. She just wanted to get it over with.
Who was this 'Mr. Morrison' she was supposed to meet? Some fat, greasy old fart who preyed on young girls? What was this guy's relationship with Dr. Kittredge? The bitch had said she was supposed to simply 'follow his instructions, to the most minute detail'. What if she didn't do as he said? Would he hurt her? Was the Dragon Lady in cahoots with some psychopath?
The excitement of whoring herself out for a grade had lost its sheen.
"Miss Lewis?"
Marcy jumped straight up out of her chair, nearly knocking it over as she stood. The rich and fashionable people seated around her stared, annoyed at her. She felt heat rising in her cheeks.
Turning her head up, her breath caught in her throat. She was entranced by a pair of iridescent blue eyes.
"You are like a long, cool drink of water," the man said, calmly raising his hand to the side of her head to stroke his fingers through her blonde hair. "How tall are you?"
The question broke Marcy's trance. "Uh, five-seven. And a half." Why did she say that? God, she felt stupid.
She noticed that, in her heels, she was only a couple of inches shorter than him. Finally taking a moment to look at the mystery man, she decided he wasn't old at all. Maybe in his thirties? He had a nondescript face--sort of roundish, but not chubby. It was a friendly face, clean-shaven, with full lips that prompted a strange urge to to kiss them. If she had seen this man on the street, she wouldn't have paid much attention to him. Sort of like her father, but not nearly that old. He looked absolutely normal.
Except for those eyes. They were deep and glimmering, like the way she remembered the Pacific Ocean when her family had flown to Hawaii years ago. Marcy decided she could stare into those eyes all night long.
"Are you Mr. Morrison?" she asked.
"My name is not important. I am the man you will obey. You may call me 'sir'."
"Yes, sir," she said without thinking.
The man moved her chair around the table ninety degrees, facing the window.
"Sit down, Marcy." The command was simple, direct. His voice was gentle.
She did as he said. He pushed her chair in as a gentleman should, then called the waiter over as he took the seat next to her. He ordered an appetizer and wine with a single glass. Though her father had schooled her at home on different wines, Marcy didn't complain since she wasn't quite legal for alcohol.
When the waiter left, he said, "My wife told me you were a smart and mature young woman."
Marcy noticed the absence of a ring. "Your wife?" she said.
"Yes. My wife Lisa." He said, "You know her as Dr. Kittredge."
Marcy's mouth fell open. "She's your...wife?"
He nodded. "She told me you were adorable. I think she understated just what an incredibly gorgeous young woman you are."
Marcy blushed bashfully. Her mind was racing. The mysterious Mr. Morrison was her math professor's husband! This rendezvous had been set up for them to--to do what?
Did he really say Dr. Kittredge thought she was adorable?
"What are your plans for me?" she asked.
"I have no plans. I will expect you to do exactly as I say. No more, no less," he said. "We will proceed step-by-step, depending on your compliance."
"And if I comply fully?"
"Then I will use your lovely body in whatever way suits my fancy," he replied calmly.
The thought of Dr. Kittredge's husband using her body had an unexpected effect. A sudden trickle between Marcy's pussy lips made them tingle. Her nipples grew stiff and sensitive.
The wine arrived. Mr. Morrison tasted it, then the wine steward--a slender young woman with a bob of red hair--poured the glass and departed.
Leaning forward, Dr. Kittredge's husband lifted the wine to Marcy's lips, tilting it back to give her a sip. It was an excellent Pinot, low in tannins.
"I will allow you one more question," he said.
She thought for a moment. "I assume that 'using' my body means what I think it means." Technically that wasn't a question. She hoped he saw it that way.
"You are a clever young woman," he said. His enticing mouth twisted into a smirk. "You would be better served to open yourself to the possibilities and make no assumptions about what this night may hold."
"Why would Dr. Kitt...er, Lisa"--saying the Dragon Lady's first name gave Marcy a tiny, secret thrill--"why would she want her husband to...to 'use' me?"
The man took a long, slow sip of wine. The way those intense, narrowed blue eyes gazed at her caused a chill to race across Marcy's skin.
"My wife has a...unusual appetite," he said, a sly smile on his lips. "For now, it's enough for you to know that the cold-hearted bitch you see in the classroom is probably more excited by our rendezvous than either of us."
Marcy laughed at his characterization of his wife. She was curious about the nature of her professor's 'unusual appetite'.
He added, "I confess, after our few moments together, my excitement is off the charts."
Marcy grinned, pulling her lower lip between her teeth. She could feel her labia becoming inflamed. This night did indeed have promise.
She said, "You seem so calm. Not excited at all, Mr. Kittredge."
His eyes turned suddenly stormy and dark.
"My name is not Kittredge. You will refer to me at all times as 'sir'. Is that understood, Miss Lewis?"
"Yes, sir," she said meekly. His anger reminded her so much of the way her father looked when she'd done something to irritate him.
"That's better," he said, returning just as quickly to his pleasant demeanor. "No more questions. Tell me about yourself."
Marcy rambled on for several minutes about growing up as an only child in a small town where everyone knew everybody's business. He listened with apparent interest as she told him about her family and her swimming and volleyball scholarships. She sprinkled 'sir' liberally in her story. Each one prompted a pleased expression, which in turn left a warm feeling deep in her belly.
The appetizers arrived, long phyllo wraps filled with brie and prosciutto. When Marcy reached for one, her dinner companion quickly chastened her in a quiet but firm voice, "Hands in your lap, Marcy."
"Yes, sir," she said. She wove her fingers together under the table.
He smiled. Marcy was aware of how it was almost like the way her father had always insisted that she wait until he gave permission to start filling her plate.
Marcy watched longingly as picked up a brie roll and swirled it in the pepper jelly. He bit into it, closing his eyes with a beatific expression while he chewed it slowly. He dipped it back in the jelly.
"May I have a bite, sir?"
"I thought we were clear. No more questions," he said in a stern voice. "I will give you what I want you to have."
"Yes, sir," she said. Her mouth was watering.
Then her face lit up as he pushed the half-eaten wrap toward her.
As the brie-filled pastry came closer, she felt his other hand on her knee under the table, sliding up her leg. Reflexively, she clamped her thighs shut, capturing his hand.
He held the long roll a few inches from her waiting mouth.
"Open up," he said, tapping his finger against the skin of her thigh to indicate exactly what he expected her to open.
Marcy moved her knees apart, releasing his hand. Leaving the appetizer dangling in mid-air, his fingers crept further up her leg.
"Wider," he said with an ominous look in his eyes.
Hidden by the long tablecloth, she spread her legs fully.
"Good girl," he said quietly. He had a pleased smile.
He moved the phyllo wrap to her mouth at the same rate that his fingers crept up her sensitive thighs. She shivered as he approached her pussy, then gasped when her aroused labia felt his touch at the same instant that the roll met her lips.
While his fingers explored the crease through her panties, she took a bite. Warm, creamy brie and spicy jelly fought for dominance of her taste buds. The meaty prosciutto added a mild saltiness to the slightly bitter flavor of the brie. It reminded her of another flavor. She smiled inside.
The way his fingers stroked her pussy, teasing yet stimulating, was already beginning to wind up that tight little ball in her belly. None of her boyfriends had ever touched her quite so knowingly.
After raising the wine so she could wash down the scrumptious bite, he swirled another wrap and placed it at her mouth. When she bit into it, he pulled it away too quickly, letting a bead of the melted brie fall onto the inside of her small breast. It rolled into the faint shadow between them.
Before she could respond, he stuck his finger down into the front of her dress. She gasped as his fingertip wiped slowly up along the gentle curve to caress her pale flesh as he caught the drip. Gazing at her with his enchanting blue eyes, he licked it from his finger.
"Your breasts are exquisite," he said, looking at them unashamedly.
Marcy peered down, embarrassed at her modest mounds.
"They're so small. I wish--"
Grasping her chin firmly, he lifted her eyes and chastised her. "You are not allowed to choose what I like or don't like."
"Y-yes, sir," she said. When he released her chin, she asked, "Do you really think they're okay? I mean, Dr. Kittredge has such--"
"Marcy..." he growled a warning. "I will never lie to you. I expect the same honesty from you."
"Yes, sir," she said. She had never heard a promise like that. Everybody lied. Even her father. She wasn't sure she could be that trusting, or that truthful, with anyone.
"I want to know what made your panties wet." he said, dipping another wrap in the sauce.
She lowered her eyes, feeling the heat rise in her cheeks.
Quietly, he reminded her, "Tell me the truth, Marcy."
"When you said...you were going to use me."
With an elated grin, he fed her the roll. Then she jerked upright, making a tiny squeak when his fingertip circled her clit.
While he finished off the rest of that roll, underneath the table his fingers were working their way into the elastic of her leg holes, touching the swollen flesh of her pussy. She slid down a little in her seat, pivoting her pussy up for easier access. She didn't miss the delighted look on her date's face.
After all, it was a date, wasn't it? Probably the best date she'd ever had. Nobody had ever treated her with such respect, and yet with such erotic forcefulness. She'd never been so desperate to fuck a guy so soon after meeting him.
After giving her another sip of wine, he readied another roll. "What's your favorite thing about sucking a cock?"
Marcy's chin dropped. His provocative frankness made her so uncomfortable, yet at the same time, so thrilled. How did he do that?
"Is it the feel of a man's warm, smooth flesh sliding between your lips?" he asked. "Or is it the satisfaction of his hot, bitter cream on your tongue when you finally make him come? Or maybe it's because that's the one time you have complete control over a man?"
She licked her lips as she pondered the question, imagining all the ways her mouth would enjoy him as she pleased him.
Feeling a little sassy, she answered, "Can it be a little of all three?"
"Nothing turns me on more than an honest woman," he said, chuckling.
With his finger circling the opening to her pussy, he waved the small brown cylinder in symmetric circles, red pepper jelly dripping onto the linen tablecloth.
Pushing the wrap toward her, he said, "Don't bite it. Suck it like you are going to suck my dick."
Marcy's desire shot into the stratosphere. Her pussy gushed and her tits were on fire. She couldn't wait!
When he placed the end of the roll in her open mouth, she fixed a sultry gaze on him and leaned forward, showing how much she could take. When she felt the long morsel clear the opening to her throat, she closed her lips around his fingers. He cocked a brow as she drew back slowly. Then she rocked gently to and fro, imagining it was his cock fucking her mouth, even though she was sure his cock would be considerably larger and more silky.
Meanwhile, his middle finger was twisting its way into her pussy while the pad of his thumb grazed repeatedly over her engorged nub. The tightness in her belly was telling her that it wasn't going to be long before she would lose control, right here in the most high-class restaurant in the city.
She scanned the window, watching the reflections of the people behind her for any sign they knew what he was doing to her. All of them were absorbed in their own little worlds.
"You are a beautiful woman, Marcy," he said. His voice was full of adoration, and she whimpered around the ersatz penis that he was using to fuck her mouth. A second finger stretched her pussy. "Show me how much more beautiful you are when you come."
With another whimper, she nodded, grabbing the edge of the table for support. She knew she was going to do it. She wanted to please this marvelous man. She was going to come for him right here in front of everyone.
Just then, the redheaded sommelier returned. Marcy tried to pull away, but Dr. Kittredge's husband hooked his fingers in her pussy to hold her in place, pressing his thumbnail into her clit. She whined in pain.
"Look at me, Marcy!" he demanded. His tone was quiet but insistent.
She stared at him helplessly while the steward refilled the glass. From the corner of her eye, Marcy could see the young woman glancing down at the roll he was sliding seductively between her lips. His thumb was working its magic between her legs again, his two fingers plunging in out of her. The thought of coming in front of an audience was more erotic than she would've imagined. She wasn't sure she could stop herself, even if she'd wanted to.
"You can do it," he coaxed her while the wine steward watched. "Come for both of us. She wants to see how beautiful you are, too."
The redheaded woman stood by their table, seemingly transfixed by the sight of Marcy fellating her appetizer and shuddering as her cheeks grew redder and sweat popped out on her forehead.
"Yes, that's right. It's growing inside you, isn't it?" he said.
She nodded quickly. Her breaths were coming quicker, tiny squeaks escaping around the brie wrap as that tightness in her belly twisted into something that could come unraveled at any moment.
Then he extended his pinky, sliding it underneath to nuzzle her tiny, crinkled pucker. The tingles emanating from that single, delicate touch sparked an avalanche of chills racing across her skin. The tightness in her belly finally sprung. A weak wail escaped from around the brie roll.
"She's gorgeous," the young woman next to her sighed, causing a fresh effusion of tingles to sweep through Marcy.
Dr. Kittredge's husband said, "Take another bite of your appetizer, dear."
Marcy bit into the roll, then groaned at the emptiness when he withdrew his fingers from her pussy. She saw the smear of her juices when he pulled his hand from under the table and wiped his fingers around the inside of the wine glass. Then he handed the glass up to the young woman.
"I think this glass is dirty."
"Yes, sir," the girl said with a smirk, taking the glass and swirling the wine while she sniffed the edge. "I'll take care of this personally, sir."
As she walked away, he laid a hundred dollar bill on the table. "Let's go, Marcy. We're done here."
"But...but, is that all, sir?" she said, unsure whether she'd done something wrong. She no longer cared about the grade. She wanted him.
He leaned across the table with a hard, narrow-eyed stare. "What did I tell you about questions?"
Hanging her head, she said, "I'm sorry, sir."
"I have a room reserved at the hotel across the street. We can get room service later if you're hungry," he said. "I need to fuck you. Now."
Marcy drew in a sharp breath. Then she grinned, chewing on her lower lip.
Mr. Morrison, or whoever he was, stood and pulled out Marcy's chair. With a hand on her lower back he practically shoved her through the restaurant and out to the elevator lobby. She caught a wink from the maitre d' as they passed.
One of the modern glass elevators arrived almost immediately. Dr. Kittredge's husband pushed her into it, then turned around and swept his hands down all fifty-one buttons.
"Sir? What are you--"
Marcy shrieked when he grabbed her hair, jerking her head back and clasping his hand around her throat. His grip was gentle but threatening. She stared at him, terrified.
"One more question and my belt is going to peel a layer of skin off that pretty little ass of yours."
She shivered as chills spread through her. The last time her father had spanked her was when she was thirteen.
"Y-yes, sir," she croaked.
Dr. Kittredge's husband said, "When I said I needed to fuck you now, I mean, now!"
He released her hair and her throat. The elevator descended one floor. He slipped the spaghetti straps off her shoulders. Curling his fingers into the neckline, he yanked it down, exposing her breasts.
"Oh, God!" she whimpered when his hands covered her small domes, squeezing them and tugging at the tiny brown nipples. They were ultra-sensitive. She had nearly come a few times when her boyfriends played with her little boobies.
He told her, "Bend over, put your hands on the glass, and stick that delightful butt of yours out for me."
She did as she was told, laying her hands flat on the glass and looking down on the half dozen ant-sized people in the lobby fifty-two floors below. She did a few quick calculations. They probably had about two or three minutes before anyone could see her. The building was new, and many of the floors were unoccupied. This time on a Tuesday night, there shouldn't be many people around anyway.
Her date--or should she now call him her 'lover'?--reached under her dress, wiggling her panties down to her knees. When she pulled them together to let the panties fall, he slapped her tender thighs.
"Ow! That hurt!"
"It's going to hurt more if you keep trying to second-guess me. Don't move unless I tell you, understand?"
"Yes, sir."
He kicked her feet as far apart as they would go with the panties stretched tight between her knees. She heard the rip of his zipper, then the hushed slither of his pants falling. He lifted her dress, and she drew in a long, heated breath when he slid his cockhead up and down her syrupy slit.
She had started counting off the seconds between floors, then felt herself spreading open, stretching around his massive head, and she couldn't think of anything else.
"Fuck!" she gasped. "You...you're so big."
He laughed softly. "Not really. The panties around your knees help. Even with that, you're tighter than any virgin my wife ever sent me."
Marcy couldn't understand what would make a woman okay with her husband fucking young girls. It appeared as if she was whoring her students out to him like she'd done with Marcy. Was he making her do it? Had she cheated on him and this was her penance?
She started to ask how many girls his wife had sent to him, and why. Then she remembered his warning. While the idea of a little spanking was enticing, she wasn't in the mood to get her naked bottom whipped with a belt the way her father used to do it.
With a firm hold on her narrow hips, he pulled her onto his cock a little at a time. She gasped and grunted with each small thrust, watching the lobby steadily grow nearer.
Finally, she felt his pubes scratch her puffy labia. Maybe it was because her legs weren't as wide, but she'd never felt such a satisfying fullness.
"Fuck me, sir," she begged. He pulled back slowly, and she hissed, "Yesss..." when he shoved himself back in hard enough to bang his pubis against her bottom.
He told her, "I love your long legs. Your whoring little pussy is just the right height."
"I...I'm not a whore, sir," she objected.
"Trading sex for grades?" He slapped her butt as he slammed his cock into her and she yelped with the delicious sting on her fanny and the tingles fanning out from her pussy. "That's what a pathetic whore does."
She squealed again when he smacked her butt and rammed his cock home.
"I don't care about the grade anymore," she whimpered. "Just fuck me, okay? Use me?"
He paused. The elevator door closed and the car dropped another floor.
"You're serious, aren't you?"
"Yes, sir," she said. "Please. Don't stop. I...I want...I want you to make me please you, sir."
"Holy fuck," he whispered. He began rocking inside her, slow and steady.
"Harder, sir!" she begged.
He slapped her bottom, a little more firmly than before, telling her gruffly, "You don't get to decide how I fuck you, cunt!"
"Yes, sir. It's just...we're getting closer. They'll be able to see me soon."
He laughed. "You certainly seemed to enjoy yourself in front of our red-haired friend upstairs, didn't you?"
Ashamedly, she said, "Y-yes, sir. I...I never did that before. It was embarrassing, but it was..." She couldn't force herself to say it.
"It was exciting, wasn't it? You got off on it."
"Yes..." she admitted.
He slapped her butt and started fucking her harder, faster. "It made you feel sexy to show somebody what a lewd and nasty little slut you really are."
"Yes!" she yelled.
Suddenly, he broke out in uproarious laughter, giving her buns a few more smacks as he drove his cock into her soupy cunt. Then he leaned over her back, reaching around to take hold of her breasts, squeezing and tweaking them. She moaned when he kissed the bare skin of her shoulder while he fucked her hard and steady.
With his finger paying attention to her needy breasts, the raking of his cockhead along her inner walls and the rhythmical thumping against her vulva, Marcy felt that ball begin to tighten deep in her belly.
"Don't worry about your grades," he told her. "You and I are going to enjoy each other tonight. Before I'm finished with you tomorrow morning, I'll tell you everything you need to know to get whatever you want from my perverted wife."
Marcy twisted her head back. Between staggered breaths she asked, "R-really?"
"Yes. Really," he said. "Right now, I think my beautiful young slut wants to come, doesn't she?"
"Y-y-yes, s-sir"
He ramped up the energy in his cock while his fingers pinched and tugged at her nipples.
"Come for me, Marcy," he said.
"Yes!"
"Do it! Now!" he demanded.
"Yes! I..I..Ohgod! Ohgod! Oh! Oh..." Her fingers clawed uselessly at the glass wall as her body was flooded with waves of euphoric splendor. She shuddered with each surge of chills.
Her knees became wobbly. She thought she might fall. Her incredible lover curled his strong arm around her waist to hold her steady.
"Good girl," he said. "I'm so proud of you."
Marcy felt a glow inside from his praise.
"Please, sir. Come inside me," she pleaded.
"I want one more from you," he told her.
Another one? She had already enjoyed two orgasms--more than any other date she'd ever had.
"I...I don't know if--"
"Marcy!" he snapped. "You will come for me. See that man in the lobby? The one with the gray suit?"
She peered through the glass. They were only about ten floors up now.
"Ohmygod!" He was looking up at her. She felt that tight ball deep in her belly twisting like a rubber band.
"He knows what you're doing, Marcy. He can probably see your lovely tits."
"Please! Please, sir! Hurry!"
Three quick, fierce slaps landed on her buns made her scream in pain.
"If you don't come by the time we get to the bottom, I'm going to invite him to enjoy your pussy all the way back up. Then we'll start over."
"Ohgod!"
"Or, you can show him how beautiful you are when you come."
The arm under her waist shifted, his fingers finding her pussy, sliding gently over her most tender little pearl.
She hissed, "Yesss..."
A woman walked up next to the man in the gray suit. She followed his gaze. She said something to the man and he pointed--pointed at Marcy, half-naked in the glass elevator, with her pussy getting reamed by the wonderful blue-eyed man she'd met less than an hour before while his talented fingers danced over her clit. Marcy was close enough to see the woman smiling at her and that made her moan as the tiny ball in her belly wound tighter and tighter until she could hardly stand the tension.
Something wet and chilly dribbled down the crack of her ass, making her shiver. She felt her lover's finger follow the path trickling along the valley of her ass. She shivered again when the wet, slippery finger teased her asshole.
"Have you ever had a man here?" he asked, pressing his finger more firmly.
"N-no, sir," she whimpered, unable to stop herself from wiggling her ass, willing that probing digit to push harder.
"Tonight, Marcy," he said quietly. "Tonight, I will have your ass."
"Yes!" she cried out, somehow knowing he would make her enjoy every minute.
Then his finger broke through, twisting deeper into her rectum. The taut ball in Marcy's belly flew apart and she screamed with the release, tossing her head back. Tendrils of pleasure sprouted simultaneously from that marvelous cock filling her pussy and the sweet finger plumbing her ass, climbing her spine to explode at the base of her skull. Her body quivered and shook with the sensual overload.
Just when Marcy thought the moment couldn't be any more perfect, she heard his growl, and he lunged once, then again, ramming himself deep into her pussy. A warmth like molten gold bloomed inside her. Tears gathered in her eyes. She felt...beautiful.
When her senses returned, they were one floor above the bottom. Her lover lifted her upright. He covered her breasts and lifted the straps back onto her shoulders. As the elevator lowered itself to the ground, he took her in his arms and kissed her, passionately. She could feel herself melting under his lips.
"You are an amazing woman," he said. "We're going to have such fun together."
"Yes, sir." She was giddy.
He gave her another quick kiss. Then, with his hand at her lower back, he led her out of the elevator and across the lobby, past the man in the gray suit and the woman. They both grinned at her and she winked at them.
"Michael," her lover said as he escorted her through the front door into the cool night air.
"What?"
"My name. It's Michael."
Two days later, Marcy was slumped in her seat on the back row of Dr. Kittredge's 2:30PM applied calculus class. It was her last class of the semester. In the past, Marcy had always sat on the second row--close enough to be seen, but not so close as to make herself noticed.
Sitting on the second row, her professor wouldn't have seen anything if she wore a short skirt and spread her legs without any panties on.
About a minute before time for the class to adjourn, Dr. Kittredge said in her usual snippy tone, "Miss Lewis, I will see you in my office immediately after class."
"Sure, Lisa."
Dr. Kittredge's mouth fell open. The whole class turned and stared at Marcy, waiting gleefully for the inevitable evisceration.
They were surprised when their professor turned sharply with an aggravated huff and marched out the door moments before the bell rang. The clip-clop tattoo of her heels on the tile floor echoed down the hall. With two dozen pairs of amazed eyes on her, a cool, calm Marcy lifted herself from the desk and ambled along behind.
In her office, Dr. Kittredge sat primly in her plush leather office chair. Marcy kicked the door closed behind herself, then came around the ornate hardwood desk and hopped up on the edge, dangling her feet.
"What do you think you're doing, Miss Lewis? Your seat is over there." The professor pointed to the two wood desk chairs on the opposite side.
"No, I'm good. Unless you want to move me. But that would mean you'd have to touch me, wouldn't it?"
Her professor glared at her. Her face turned a shade of red. She didn't respond.
Instead, she said, "Do you care to offer some measly excuse for your tawdry, whorish behavior in class before I mark your final grade to an 'F'? Or perhaps you'd like to beg forgiveness."
"I'm not the one who's going to beg," Marcy said with a sly smile. "Have you talked to Michael?"
Dr. Kittredge gasped. "He...he told you his name?"
"He told me lots of things. What did he tell you, Lisa?"
Incensed, her professor said, "Miss Lewis! You will refer to me as--"
"You didn't answer, Lisa. What did Michael tell you about what we did?"
"Don't interrupt me, you miserable pipsqueak of a--"
Marcy burst into laughter. "He didn't tell you a damned thing, did he?"
Lowering her gaze, Dr. Kittredge answered quietly, "No."
"Yeah, I didn't think so."
"He...he's never acted like this. He knows I..." She looked up at Marcy, a helplessness in her eyes. "Will you tell me? What happened? Did he...?"
"You want to know if he fucked me."
Dr. Kittredge gave a shallow nod.
Marcy pushed her hand under her short skirt, tilting her hips forward. Withdrawing her hand, she showed her professor the gooey semen on her fingers, then waved it under her nose.
The older woman inhaled the lusty concoction and moaned softly. When she leaned forward, sticking her tongue out to taste it, Marcy jerked her hand away.
"That's a no-no, Lisa. Mustn't touch, remember?" Marcy snickered and sucked the concoction from her own fingers. "You know what that is, don't you?"
"It...it's fresh." She looked wary. "He wouldn't--"
"Nice car you got, Lisa. Leather seats. Moon roof."
"Huh? What does my car have to do with--"
"He fucked me up against your car in the parking lot at lunch today. Half a dozen people saw us. He used the come from my pussy to write a private message on your mirror." Marcy rubbed her chin, feigning bafflement. "It was a strange word, like 'buck', or 'duck', or... Wait a minute! I remember! It was 'cuck'!"
Dr. Kittredge whimpered, "Oh, no..."
Marcy shrugged. "I didn't understand. You're a smart woman, though, aren't you Dr. 'K'? What do you think 'cuck' means?"
"He told you, didn't he? He told you everything." She was dejected.
"Yeah, pretty much," Marcy finally admitted. "Don't worry, Lisa. I think we can work out a deal."
"A deal?" She sounded suspicious. "What sort of 'deal'?"
Marcy paused to admire her nails. She hadn't chewed them in days.
"To begin with, I think I've earned my eighty-five."
Straightening her back, she corrected her student. "Not until I've got what I want."
"You want me to tell you how he fingered me to an orgasm under the table, right in front of the wine steward?"
"Oh, my!" the older woman said, shoving herself back from the desk and pushing her hand down under the wool fabric of her skirt.
"Then how he pressed all the buttons on the glass elevator and fucked me from behind all the way down while two people watched from the lobby? How I came twice before he emptied his balls in my tight little whoring pussy?"
Dr. Kittredge was clutching desperately at her breasts. She had drawn her skirt up and was scrubbing her pussy with her palm.
"After that, he took me to the hotel room where I sucked him on the balcony. I'm sure you know how yummy his cock tastes when it's covered with girl juice and his come."
"Yesss..." Lisa hissed.
"When I got him hard again, he spanked my butt, ate my pussy, and fucked my virgin ass. Has he ever spanked you and fucked you in the ass, Lisa?"
"Yes..." she groaned. She had pushed her hand under the hem, rapidly drilling her finger into her own cunt. Her blouse was half-unbuttoned, her other hand tucked inside to squeeze her big titties.
"Then you know what I'm talking about. It was awesome! The next morning, he made love with me in the shower. He was so sweet and tender. Michael's the greatest."
Lisa arched her back in her chair. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh! Oh, my... Oh! Ooohh..." Her cheeks and chest were flushed and glowing as the orgasm washed over her.
Marcy sat on the edge of the desk, idly playing between her legs while her professor recovered herself.
"So, here's the deal," Marcy said. "I sucked him off in the park yesterday and he fingered me up against a tree. We fucked on top of your car today. Make my grade an eighty-five, and I'll call you the next time we fuck so you can listen to us. Make it a ninety, and you get to watch."
The older woman said, "How about this deal--you get the fuck away from my husband and I won't ruin your scholarship?"
"That's not gonna work, Lisa. Y'see, I'm loving the way he pushes me to the limit, then slaps my ass and calls me his nasty slut while he fucks me. I don't know, but I think Michael likes me more than those other sluts you send him. He said I was special. A 'natural', he called me. I'm willing to give him everything he wants. He especially likes when I call him 'daddy'."
That made Lisa flinch. She eyed the young girl warily. Her face hardened.
"You're nothing but a stupid toy. A plaything," she sneered. "He's had dozens before you and I'll make sure he gets dozens more when you're gone. You're just another in a long line of eager little self-inflated strumpets. Give him a few more days and he'll tire of you, like all the others."
Marcy shrugged. "I don't know about that. The moving people are coming tomorrow. Your house is huge and I won't be bringing much. You can choose whichever room you want. Except the big one where Michael and I are gonna' sleep, of course."
"That's ridiculous," Lisa said, but she didn't sound as confident. "We never take whores like you into our bed."
"There's a new bitch in town. Michael told me he was tired of your needy whining. Your tits are saggy and your pussy is all crusty and dried-up. You're past your due date."
"No... He didn't say that. He wouldn't..." Pools gathered in her eyes. Her lower lip was trembling.
Marcy felt sorry for leading Lisa on the way her husband had instructed her. This was important, though. She couldn't stop now.
"Then there's me. I'm young, athletic, and malleable. I'll do anything for him. Anywhere, anytime. No questions, no complaints. I can pleasure him in ways a decrepit old biddy like you couldn't dream of. Who do you think he's going to choose?"
"Oh, my God..." The tears rolled down Lisa's pale cheeks.
"Besides, I can give him something you can't," Marcy smirked. "Y'see, I've got a womb, and mine works. How about you, Lisa? Does yours work?"
She had never watched a person crumble in front of her. It was heartbreaking. And yet, knowing how this would end, she couldn't help but feel a strange touch of satisfaction. Everything was going just the way he predicted. It wouldn't be much longer now.
Marcy said, "I have one more year as an undergrad. After that, I promised him two little Michaels or Michelles while I work on my doctorate."
"Please..." Lisa begged. Tears streamed down her face. "Please don't take him. I'll do anything. He's all I have."
Marcy had done it. The Dragon Lady was broken. She felt strong, as if she was feeding off of Lisa's misery. She was beginning to understand what Michael had told her. In time she would grow stronger. All of them would.
Now it was time to re-build what she had destroyed.
She slid off the edge of the desk and cuddled the older woman's head to her chest, stroking her fingers through her golden hair.
"Don't worry, sweetie, you've got two of us now," she said. She leaned down and placed a kiss on the top of Lisa's head. "Daddy and Mommy are going to take good care of you."
Lisa turned her head up. Her red eyes were wide open.
"Mommy?" Her voice sounded small and helpless.
Exactly as Michael said.
"That's right, sweetie. I'm going to be your new Mommy." Marcy said, pleased with the big smile she received. This was going perfectly.
She backed away and perched her butt on the desk again, cocking her feet up on the edge. When she lifted her dress, her professor stared hungrily at the semen dripping from her pussy and licked her lips.
Marcy's finger toyed with her clit. "If you're a good little girl, maybe Mommy and Daddy will let you sleep with us."
"I promise I'll be a good girl," Lisa said. Tilting her chair forward, she moved toward the young girl's seeping treasure.
Marcy's palm blocked her forehead.
"I know you will," Marcy said. "Because if you don't obey, then Mommy will have to punish you."
A sharp gasp came from Lisa. She gaped at Marcy.
"Mommy needs you to do a couple of things before she lets you have a snack."
Lisa gave her a wary look. "What is it you want?" In an instant, Dr. Kittredge was back.
Marcy picked up her professor's infamous black book and idly flipped through the pages.
"Give me that!" her professor snapped, grabbing for it.
Marcy slapped her face. She was surprised at how easily it came to her. Dr. Kittredge recoiled and stared at her.
"Don't make Mommy mad." Marcy said, enunciating each word in a low growl that felt powerful. She was surprised when she didn't get a reaction, either physical or verbal. That was the moment she knew the bitch was truly hers. Michael would be so proud.
Dipping her finger into herself, she held it out. Lisa leaned forward and took her creamy reward between her lips, sucking it clean.
"Does Lisa want more of Mommy and Daddy's cum?" Marcy said, and Lisa nodded. "Ask Mommy nice. Be sure to use the magic word, okay?"
Lisa blushed. In a charming little-girl voice she said, "Please, Mommy? May I have some more?"
"Can you write in your special book?" She laid it on the desk. It was open to her own grades. "I want you to write a pretty 'eight', and then a 'five'. Can you do that for Mommy?"
Lisa took the pen from her desk and made the two numbers carefully, then held it up for Marcy to see. Marcy smiled and took the book from her, laying it aside. She pushed Lisa's hair behind her ear and stroked the side of her head.
"Good girl," she said, and a contented Lisa leaned into her touch.
Lisa gave Marcy a confused look. "I don't understand. Why didn't you ask for a hundred? Or at least a ninety?"
"I'm not greedy," Marcy said. "A three point two GPA will give me a comfortable cushion for my final year."
Lisa cocked her head. "But...with my eighty-five, you've barely got a three-oh."
Marcy laughed, somehow unsurprised that her professor was so aware of her situation. Her fingers began to weave themselves into her professor's lovely golden locks, then she tightened her fist just like Michael taught her until Lisa made a strained, whining noise. Slowly, she drew Lisa's face into the oozing furrow between her legs. She felt the talented tongue reaching into her, fucking her as she lapped up her husband's seed.
"All I need is a one test grade of a hundred from Dr. Harmon," she said. "Unfortunately, I have to take a class from him next semester, so he's still off limits for me. He's not off-limits for you."
Lisa jerked, shouting something that sounded like 'No!' into Marcy's pussy. Marcy had a solid grip on her hair and held her in place.
"Michael told me what he made you do for Dr. Harmon at the Christmas party a couple of years ago," she said, enjoying her professor's wailed lament. "After you make Mommy come, you're going to march down the hall and do whatever it takes to help Mommy, aren't you?"
A distressed groan vibrated her clit and she shivered.
"Mommy and Daddy will be waiting at home when you're done. If you're a good girl for Dr. Harmon, Daddy will let you lick his popsicle and play hide-the-weenie in your bum-bum while Mommy makes dinner."
She could feel the smile. Lisa immediately shifted to Marcy's clit, her lips and tongue teasing and tugging at it like no man had ever done, not even Michael. Long, nimble fingers reached inside, knowing exactly where to touch her. The orgasm came up fast and deep. She clutched Lisa's hair to grind that lovely face into her pussy, shaking breathlessly through long, intense seconds.
Her grip eased, leaving Lisa free to drink from her. She marveled at how tender the older woman was. Their relationship had changed. More changes were coming. Marcy hoped she could keep the faith in herself that Michael had. He made her feel strong and confident, like she could accomplish anything.
Recovering her senses, Marcy tugged gently on Lisa's hair. The lady stood, and Marcy pulled her to her lips. Their first kiss was soft and sensuous. Marcy had heard the stories about how different it was with another woman. She looked forward to learning how to kiss Lisa's other lips like Michael told her she would.
Their lips parted and Marcy got worried when she got a disgruntled look from her new lover.
"Are you really going to make me play with Bill Harmon's weenie again?" Lisa said. "He's so crude and he smells terrible. I don't think he ever washes that thing."
Marcy snickered. "Michael said to tell you it's for a good cause. You won't be sorry. After dinner he's going to tie you up and let you watch us practice making your little brothers and sisters. You like to watch, don't you?"
Her heart was warmed by the way Lisa's eyes lowered and cheeks blushed as she nodded.
"Later on, he promised he would teach me how to use his toys to make pretty stripes on your bum-bum."
Lisa looked shocked. "He's never let his girls play with his toys before."
"Apparently you get a little uppity when he has to go out of town."
Lisa admitted, "He must really like you."
Marcy couldn't hold back the sigh. "He says he does. Not like you, of course. He loves you like crazy."
"He told you that?" Lisa said.
"He didn't have to. I can see it in his eyes when he talks about you. I just wish..."
Lisa smiled. "You're falling in love with him, aren't you?"
Marcy was afraid of that question. It was so hard to separate love from lust from submission, especially with someone like Michael. She knew what she felt was stronger than simple desire. She needed his approval, just like she needed her father's. Except with Michael, there was no ambiguity. She always knew exactly what she had to do to get his praise--or a painful reprimand when she needed extra attention. Both his affection and his delicious discipline were instant and heartfelt.
What if it really was love? Was that a deal breaker with Dr. K.?
"Honestly? I don't know," she said. "We just met. The way he makes me feel is like nobody else I've ever known. Would it bother you if I was in love with him?"
"Does it bother you that he loves me?"
She laughed softly. "No, it doesn't. It's strange. I don't feel any jealousy at all. I want him to be happy."
Lisa gave her a delicate kiss. "Right answer."
The professor straightened herself, brushed her dress down and primped her hair. "Does my lipstick still look okay?"
Marcy snickered. "A little slutty."
"Then I guess that's about right. I'd better hurry if I'm going to catch Bill before he leaves."
"Let him smell me on your finger. Then tell him I expect an A next semester, too. I'll pay him back personally after I graduate."
"Grade whore."
"Cuck bitch."
Lisa winked. "Lock the door when you leave." The rhythmic click of the Dragon Lady's heels echoed down the hall.
Marcy picked up Lisa's desk phone and dialed. She had one more dragon to slay.
"Hey, Dad. Something's come up. Just wanted you to know I won't be coming home this summer..."