Note to readers: Thanks to a feedback comment on a previous story, I remembered this adventure... and immediately felt it would also make an interesting story. So... feedback can be helpful, y'all.
One of our favorite cities is Chicago. Fortunately for us... Anthony visits Chicago several times each year for work-related meetings. And... I get to be the tag-along spouse at some world-class hotels... yay!
Last year, we were staying in a downtown Chicago hotel for several days where simultaneously a professional conference of some sort was happening. I never really found out what the specifics were for the conference but did figure out quickly it was a group of engineers. First... their name badges included the name of their host organization... ending in "of Engineers." And then, second... one of the guys I met in the bar on the first night was wearing a t-shirt with the words, "Engineers Do It with Precision." Ahhh... good hints, eh?
On our first evening, Ant and I met a few of these engineers at the private bar area on our executive-level floor. They were mostly men on our floor... and they appeared to all hold leadership positions in their professional organization of engineers. It was Happy Hour, so they were enjoying a bit of relaxation at the end of their conference day... but they were also discussing off-and-on what adjustment they wanted to make in their sessions over the next couple days.
As we enjoyed our drinks, Ant and I both noticed that I was getting some semi-interested looks from several of the guys. I was still in my travel clothes at that point, so there really wasn't that much to see.
In addition to the mostly modest clothes I pack to accompany Ant in his professional settings, I always pack a few sets of what I consider to be "play clothes." These are clothes I can wear that are skimpy, flirty and fun... outfits meant to be worn around the hotel, visiting museums, shopping, etc. When I overheard that the conference had about 600 participants, I was inspired to start planning my outfits and my appearances to maximize the potential of a ready-made audience.
The concierge at our hotel connected us with a wonderful restaurant for dinner... wow! After a leisurely dinner, we returned to our hotel and we decided to have a drink and perhaps some dessert in the top-floor bar before turning in. it appeared that our own hotel bar was a destination night spot... perfect!
What a great place! It had very large windows around three sides with amazing views of the Chicago downtown skyline. The design of the bar was elegant... a triangle bar in the middle of a square space. What we found was that the space on the other side of the triangle bar was pretty much private from the other two sides of the triangle... sweet! That's where we went... and it proved to be a space with a great view and no direct public exposure. My creative juices were flowing!
It was almost 11pm, and the place was humming with laughter and conversation. They may be analytical engineers, but they also obviously knew how to kick back and have some fun. A few other couples were enjoying the "private" part of the top-floor bar... but it appeared to be populated mostly by the convention goers.
We checked the place out, and each enjoyed an Irish coffee. I'd seen all I needed... so we went down two floors in the elevator to our executive-level floor. As we walked out of the elevator, we saw four people in the honor-bar seating area. We chatted with them briefly and then walked to our room at the end of the hall.
Our room was a corner junior suite... the entry room was the living area with a sectional seating area with a couple of plush sofas, desk, large-screen TV, and a mini-kitchen... with floor-to-ceiling windows on two sides. Then... there was a spacious bedroom with a king-size bed and luxurious bathroom with its own large window. My hubby knows how to keep me happy!
As we do often in downtown hotels, we both shucked our clothes immediately... with no worries in closing the curtains. Our view... similar to the view from the bar a couple of floors above... was spectacular from both the living room and the bedroom. And... several high-rise hotels near ours on two sides had a clear view of us... lights on and no curtains. Both Ant and I find this to be a fun part of high-rise hotel stays.
Naked and very happy... Anthony and I walked close to our floor-to-ceiling window in the bedroom and looked out on the amazing vision of the Chicago skyline in the middle of the night... magical! We spotted several fully lit windows in two nearby hotels with some movement... one couple watching TV in their hotel robes... a woman working on a laptop computer in just her underwear... another couple leisurely unpacking their suitcases. In addition, we saw five more windows with an outline of a person or two with dim lighting in their room... these were the viewers we felt might be seeking a late-night show.
Of course, we knew full well that, if we could see them, they could see us. As we surveyed the landscape of nearby windows, we didn't see any indication that we were being watched. Not yet anyway.
After a couple minutes, I grew a bit restless... ready for even more. I walked into the bathroom and selected what appeared to be the largest of the towels. I tied it around me... securing it above my boobs. I looked into the bathroom mirror... yep, it covered my yoni and ass enough to consider myself safe. I walked out to have Ant check my towel outfit out... he agreed that I was covered just enough, but also exposed enough to be provocative.
Anthony decided to check his email, so I decided to see what was going on our floor. When I opened our door, I could hear a soft conversation in the bar area... sweet! I stepped out into the hall... making sure the security bar was blocking the doors from closing completely. I walked down the hall toward the bar... my heart beating hard and fast, wondering who would be hanging out in the bar at this late hour.
As I entered the bar and conversation area... I found just two women... both dressed casually. I said, 'Hi," and continued walking to the whiskey bar. Yes... I was totally impressed earlier that a bottle of Maker's Mark was available... what a cool amenity to offer!
I poured a couple of glasses of Maker's Mark and added a couple of ice cubes to each... our special nightcap at home. When I turned around... I saw that both women had turned to watch me. And... both were smiling. Yummy!
I walked over to their seating area and smiled back. I lifted the glass in my right hand, and said, "Cheers, ladies!" They both lifted their glasses, and one of the women replied, "Cheers back at you." And then she added with a big smile, "And, by the way... I like your outfit."
I laughed and said back, "Well... it's literally just a little thing I threw on."
They laughed briefly, and the second woman said, "Well... you look amazing in just a plush white towel, my dear. We'd ask you to join us, but it looks like you've prepared a drink for someone else also."
I replied, "Oh... my hubby is checking his email, so I can sit for a couple minutes." I walked into the U-shaped seating area across from the two women, put my two drinks on the table in the middle of the three sofas, and carefully sat down with my right leg curled under me.
The first woman said, "My name is Tracy. Happy you can join us."
The second woman added quickly, "I'm Zoey... and it looks like you're practiced in wearing just a towel... assuming you are naked underneath, of course."
I introduced myself, and said, "I'm actually most comfortable while naked, but felt it might be too risqué on our first night here in Chicago."
Zoey turned to Tracy, and asked, "Trace... have you ever walked around naked or almost naked in the halls of a hotel? Tell Annie the truth... because I know the answer!"
"Oh, you devil! We've had some fun together, haven't we?" Tracy replied with an eye-roll and knowing smile.
"So, Annie... you're among friends here!" Zoey said.
"Ahhh, that's so good to know!" I said, untying my towel from my boobs and laying it across my lap casually. "That's better! You were gracious enough to ask me to join you here... how about you two joining me for a semi-naked nightcap?"
Tracy said, "Oh, we wish we could, but we're here with the conference... and we can't afford to let these guys who are our colleagues see us naked... we'd never live it down, and it would damage our credibility in the organization. Sad, but true." Zoey nodded in agreement with a heavy sigh.
Tracy and Zoey were both older than me... but both were very attractive and trim with stylish haircuts and casual wear... and nicely pedicured bare feet. I later found that Tracy was actually 12 years my senior... while Zoey was 7 years older. The gleam in their eyes and the spirit in their conversation made me feel very comfortable.
After a few minutes... I casually opened my towel, laying it on the sofa on each side of me. Their eyes followed my towel briefly... and then centered on my shaved and bare yoni that was partially visible above the cushions of the sofa. Being comfortably and casually naked is my absolute delight... and I was savoring every moment.
As we chatted, I also enjoyed a growing sensual pleasure in being casually naked in a public place. Zoey and Tracy kept eye contact most of the time, but I would tell they were both enjoying the view as well. Soon I could feel my nipples harden into little pebbles and my yoni growing damp.
After a few minutes more, it was no longer comfortable sitting with my leg under me. I stood briefly, smoothed the towel across the sofa, and sat back down with my legs slightly apart with my yoni at the edge of the seat, leaning forward with my hand at ease resting on the sofa at outside my legs.
There was a pause in the conversation while the women both took in the new view of me... both smiling. Tracy said, "Annie, you're absolutely right... you appear to be completely comfortable being naked in the company of others. Bravo!"
Just a few seconds later... slightly behind me... I heard the sound of the elevator door opening. Zoey and Tracy immediately glanced over with a sense of alarm. Then... they glanced back at me and saw that I was simply smiling back at them with no reaction and no nervousness... my towel still open on the sofa. Zoey smiled at me and nodded. Tracy kept her eyes on the guys emerging from the elevator.
Tracy said to the four guys who were approaching our seating area, "Hey, guys... time to call it a night, eh?"
As they approached, I knew they were facing Tracy and Zoey as they sat on one side of the U-shaped seating area... and were viewing my totally bare back. When I saw one of the men in my peripheral vision to the left, I casually threw the left side of the towel back over my lap. Just like I'd hoped... it just covered my yoni while leaving my completely bare belly and the right side of my naked lap visible.
All four guys stopped at the opening of the U-shaped seating area. Zoey said, "This is Annie... she's going to share this floor with us for a few days." She told me their names, left to right... and each smiled at me in turn.
I said, "Hi, guys... good to meet you. I hope you'll forgive me if I don't stand up."
This reply got a couple of chuckles, and then one man who appeared to be the oldest among them said, shaking his head from side to side, "Well... I, for one, am pretty disappointed."
I laughed as did everyone else. Then I said, "Perhaps, Nelson... there will be another opportunity in the next few days." Zoey's eyes widened as she responded with a soft "Ooooo!"
Nelson had a surprised look on his face as he said, "Hey... that's good... you remembered my name. I'm impressed." Then... I pointed one by one at the other three men as I repeated their names, "Robert... Sean... Dan." They each looked as surprised as Nelson.
I continued by saying with a little laugh, "Oh... I'll remember your names and faces... but y'all will probably only remember my boobs!"
Tracy clapped a few times, and said, "Gotcha, guys!"
The guys laughed and said their good nights... wandering in different directions to their respective rooms.
"Mmmm... that was sooo much fun!" I said in a whisper as the guys walked away. "And...," I added with my eyes closed, "I am sooo turned on! Ahhh, I can't even tell you... sooo sweet!" I panted briefly... and then opened my eyes.
Zoey shook her head slowly with a smile, and said, "Oh, girlfriend... you and me both. I'm not naked, but I'm wetter than wet!"
When they'd all disappeared into their rooms, I said, "Hey... it's been fun, you two! But... I've got to run... this is primetime for sensual hotel window viewing. I'm gonna refresh these drinks for Ant and me... hey, come on down to our suite just now to meet Anthony and to see the view... into our rooms!"
By the looks on their faces... I could tell they were a bit confused.
"You won't be surprised to hear that I'm addicted to exhibitionism," I said, throwing open my towel again that was partially covering my lap. "When we can arrange it, we stay in downtown hotels with large windows that can be viewed from nearby buildings. Here it is... it's an additional turn-on for us to be watched being casually naked and even making love."
After a moment of thought... Zoey said, "That is sooo cool! Now... I'm even more turned on!"
I picked up the sides of my towel, stood up, and tied it around my hips. As I said as I picked up the two glasses from the central table, "So... come on down... Anthony is undoubtedly wondering why I'm not back. And oh, just checking... you're both okay hanging out with a naked man, aren't you? When I left, Ant was very comfortably naked, and I'm sure that's how he'll still be."
Tracy and Zoey both laughed and rolled their eyes... and Tracy said, "How delightful that he'd be okay literally hanging out with us!"
"Here's the deal with Ant," I said in a low voice. "He's absolutely committed to never surprising a woman in person with his nakedness. We both know women who have been deeply traumatized by past bad experiences, and he never wants a woman to feel unsafe because of him. He's fine with being naked in our hotel room with the shades open, but careful with visitors to our room. And... neither of you should feel any pressure to be naked in front of him."
I refreshed our drinks as did Tracy and Zoey and we walked together down the hall toward our room. They were both only a couple doors from our suite... very convenient! As they got to their rooms, I added, "Hey, jump into your robes or just a towel, bring your drinks and visit our suite... but be aware that the dress code in our suite is robes, tied towels or naked... with our preference being naked!"
They both disappeared into their rooms with smiles on their faces... no guarantees whether they would visit our suite or not. Not a problem... I'd already had lots of fun.
I walked in on Anthony as he was sitting in our living area... beautifully naked and splayed out across the sectional sofas, still scanning his iPad.
I also noticed that the sheer curtain was mostly closed on the far side of the living room, but the corner window to the right side was still wide open. Ant was in a position to be visible to one side but not the other.
"Hey, big boy... here's your drink," I said in my best imitation of Lauren Bacall.
He glanced back at me in just a towel tied around my waist... with a drink in each hand. His reply was classic Humphrey Bogart as he said, "Ahhh... I thought you'd gotten lost, my dear. Is one of those for me?"
Ant always makes me laugh. As I slowly walked into the sectional seating area, he sat up and watched me with eager eyes. Stopping directly in front of him, I handed him his drink... and then leaned all the way over to give him a sensual kiss. Ahhh... yummy!
We clinked our glasses and took a sip of our drinks. I said, "Sorry it took so long... I met a few people... and one thing led to another. And... as you can see, I had an opportunity to show off a bit." After a few moments, I added, "Truth be told... I guess I was totally naked for a few delicious minutes."
His eyebrows lifted with additional interest, and he said, "Hmmm... that means you're probably still turned on from this 'delicious exposure'... am I right?"
After setting my drink on the coffee table, I pulled the towel loose from my waist and gently tossed it onto the sofa next to him. With a wink and a smile, I said, "Come and find out for yourself."
Ant stood up, put his drink next to mine, and took a step forward, so his right hand was just in front of my 'mare' yoni... and my right hand was just in front of his 'bull' lingam. As we looked into each other's eyes, he reached gently between my legs... slipping his middle finger between my moist yoni lips. He whispered, "Just as I'd thought... and hoped."
Keeping eye contact, I reached forward to grip his growing bull erection... it was already half-on. I said, "Oh, my... look what I found." We kissed again.
"By the way, my sweet," he whispered in my ear, "your lovely naked ass is being watched off-and-on right now by three women and two men in the building across the street. They're trying to act casual, but their very attentive right now. I've been trying to keep them entertained until you got back."
"Ahhh," I replied, "That's why you were laid out across the sofas. Fun!"
"Let's dance, my sweet... I want to turn you a bit... and to feel your body move in my arms," he whispered, as he gently put his left hand around my waist and started moving side to side, rotating us so my left side was facing the window. I put my left hand on his arm and enjoyed our intimate dance.
Anthony slowly slipped his finger out of my yoni lips to rest lightly on the base of my clit... where he knows I'm really sensitive... holding it there briefly as he watched my eyes.
I whispered back, "Oh, you devil! Mmmm!" In my mind's eye... I was envisioning how we looked to our viewers... us slowly moving to our own rhythm... his hand between my legs. Imagining the view turned me on even more!
Then, I whispered, "One more thing... we might have a couple of visitors in a few minutes." He looked back at me with an inquisitive smile. "A couple of new women friends." I added with a semi-repentant smile as we swayed together with loving eye-contact.
He rolled his eyes briefly and laughed briefly, and said softly, "You know the rules, Annie."
I nodded and said, "Always. They know the dress code in our room... and they're anxious to meet you. They're hoping you're as naked as I am... and I already told them we enjoy being watched." We both smiled, and I leaned into him to kiss his shoulder, resting my head there as we danced. He leaned his head over to touch mine.
Man... I was already turned on... but as Ant started to circle my clit with his finger, my arousal rose dramatically, making it impossible to not move my hips in response. He dipped his finger back into my yoni juices briefly and circled my clit with a little more pressure and speed. And... I was loving it!
Just then... we both heard soft voices at our entry door. I lifted my head slightly to face the entry and saw both Tracy and Zoey peeping carefully through the slightly open door. I just kept swaying with Ant... and waved them in with a smile.
They both smiled back and walked in with their drinks in hand... dressed in their hotel robes just as I'd hoped. But then... they both quickly stopped as they tried to take in the scene before their eyes. From their vantage point, they could clearly see that we were both naked... and that Anthony's hand was between my legs. What they couldn't see was my hand holding my naked hubby's semi-raging bull.
"Don't stop... I'm sooo close," I whispered in Ant's ear... as I kept our rhythm going. I took my hand off of his bull and placed it on his hip... I knew I would need to hold on for dear life soon.
I glanced up at Z&T with eyes wide and mouth open, and put my head back on Ant's shoulder, saying loudly for him and the world, "Oh, oh... you're the one!" With that... an immersive orgasm swept through me... I held onto Ant and he held onto me... nothing else mattered.
We both slowly disengaged from our intimate embrace... Ant moved his hand from my yoni to my left hip, and I relaxed my grip on his hip and arm.
Zoey quickly said, "Oh, shit... that was so beautiful... I'm almost crying!"
Anthony knew I couldn't respond immediately, so he jumped in, waving them in also and saying, "Annie was just saying y'all might drop by... so, come on in." I was still mostly catatonic, resting on his shoulder and relying on his arms to hold me up, so I was relieved that he could invite them in.
I was spent... and sooo satisfied... crap! Anthony held me a few moments more, but then slowly let me rely again on my own legs. As consciousness returned, I realized I was being watched by two audiences... one across the street through the window and one right in our suite. Holy shit!
Instinctively... I stood up straight, pulled my head up and struck one of my primary bodybuilding poses... legs flexed and spread, abs tight, arms flexed with fists navel high, biceps bulging. This is one of my happiest poses... triumphant, bold, strong! Coming out of an amazing orgasm, it felt great to strike this pose!
As I relaxed out of my pose, I shook my head, my arms and my body to try to regain my balance... and my presence with all eyes on me. A few seconds later, I had my bearings again... whew! I walked casually over to the window and did a big stretch... legs spread, and arms spread... holding it for a moment. Then... I gave our window audience a little wave and turned away to our guests.
As I walked over to welcome our guests, Anthony picked up the towel from the sofa. Rather than tie the towel around him, he simply started walking around the sectional area with the towel in both hands in front of him... actually drying his hand of my yoni dampness.
So far... our guests had only seen his naked backside. I glanced over my shoulder just in time to see him toss the towel over the back of one of the sofas. He casually walked over to greet Tracy and Zoey. Extending his hand, he said, "Hi, I'm Anthony... Annie said she'd made a couple new friends... so, welcome."
As they were shaking hands, Z&T nervously tried to keep eye contact, but couldn't keep from glancing downward. His erection had relaxed slightly, but it was definitely leading the way.
They both looked over at me also... scanning my body from chest to legs and then back again. This was the first uninterrupted and clear view of my totally bare body.
Yes... I'm totally biased, but I feel my hubby is a gorgeous hunk of man. He stepped back slightly and nonchalantly stood with his weight mostly on his right leg and his left leg flexed at a slight angle... arms comfortably hanging loosely at each side... with no attempt to cover his lovely 90% erection.
Ant said, "Ladies, don't be nervous, please... because I'm not. And... feel perfectly free to look anywhere and everywhere you'd like. I'm sure you've noticed that Annie and I are both comfortable being naked, even while being aroused... hey, it happens. Anyway... we're happy you're here."
I reached over and lightly stroked the tip of Ant's erection... coaxing a few drops of his sweet lubrication out and spreading it around to bring his erection to its total glory. Ant looked at me and rolled his eyes.
"Yes," I added quickly as I looked back at Tracy and Zoey, "we're happy you decided to take the risk of joining us in our clothing-optional retreat. Come on over and find a comfortable place to sit."
Tracy spoke first as we started to move toward the seating area, "Wait... wait... wait! Holy shit! I'm sorry, but I can't just sit down with this amazing dick in front of me. Forgive me, please." During her last sentence, she untied her robe and let it fall to the floor. Immediately after Tracy's robe hit the floor, Zoey also untied hers and let it fall.
So... here we were... three naked women and one totally aroused man looking around at each other... all enjoying their respective views... all smiling and wondering what might be next.
Before we moved again, I said, "Now... y'all need to know that everyone who sits in that sectional area will be visible to several people in an adjacent building... the drapes are open, and the lights are on."
Tracy and Zoey glanced at each other briefly... and then gestured that it wasn't a problem for either of them. So... I said, "Everyone bring your drinks over here, and let's get better acquainted... sans clothes!"
We walked over and found comfortable places... Ant and me in the far corner that was the most visible... Tracy facing us with only her side visible through the window... but Zoey boldly took a place directly facing the window, laid back on the sofa with her legs apart. She looked over at us with a sly smile. Yes... we were going to have some fun!
And... it was Zoey who spoke first after a healthy swig of her red wine. I like this... she opened with a very straight forward statement, "Let's talk about pubic hair." As she made her opening statement, she glanced toward both Ant and me... with a focus on our pubes.
Ant's erection was relaxing slightly, but his totally shaved balls were obviously interesting to at least one of our guests. It had to be obvious that I also was totally smooth from our conversation at the bar and my further exposure in our room.
I asked, "So... what would you like to talk about? Yes... we're both smooth by choice."
Anthony added, "I'm not against pubic hair... I just prefer to be completely shaved."
Zoey smiled and said, "It's just... it's just... new for me that both men and women would be totally smooth. I guess I've just been in some cave somewhere."
"It's okay, sweetie," I said. "I think we can make it a little less mysterious and unknown."
I walked around the coffee table to stand right in front of Zoey. I smiled down at her and said, "Okay, Zoe... give me your hand, and caress my smooth and satisfied yoni. I know your touch will be sweet."
As Zoey reached out and began her exploration of my yoni, Anthony stood from the corner of the seating area and approached Zoey, standing next to me. He said, "I've been smooth for over 10 years... touch me wherever you'd like... no limits."
It was quite a scene... Zoey was following the contours of my yoni with her right hand and was cupping Ant's smooth balls with her left hand. As she caressed us both... I was conscious of our audience across the street... what fun!
She remained seated, so she had a perfect view of our most sensitive and private areas... but Ant and I were both at peace with the moment... we held hands as Zoe explored us gently. Yes... it was another beautiful turn-on for me, and Ant responded again with an inspiring erection.
As Zoe seemed to be finished, I turned to Tracy and asked, "Would you be interested also? You might as well enjoy the moment too." She nodded, so Ant and I moved over to her spot in the seating area... and she repeated Zoey's gentle fondling of my sweet hubby and me.
Tracy spent just a few moments with my yoni, and then concentrated both hands and her intense gaze on Anthony's lovely erection and smooth-as-silk balls. She caressed his balls... one and then the other... lifted them to see everything between his legs... felt their weight and gravity in her hand... then worked her way up the shaft of his erection with delicate care. When she reached the head of his erection, she held it in her left hand and took one finger of his right hand to slowly trace the contours of his head.
Tracy looked over at me, and then up into Ant's eyes, and said, "No limits... really?" I saw Anthony smile at her and nod. She glanced at me, and I also nodded with a smile.
She took a deep breath and exhaled slowly... then she slid forward on the sofa to get closer to Ant's glorious erection. With both hands, she slowly and patiently caressed my hubby's balls and then his erection until the thumb and first finger of both hands were exploring all aspects of the mushroom head of his super-hard erection. And, yes... I can definitely tell when it's super-hard. Mmmm!
Tracy was clearly inspecting every little part of Ant's erection... and this made me return to an aroused state myself, even after a lovely orgasm just a few minutes before. I sat down again and watched her intense appreciation of my hubby's male form. I soon found I was fondling my yoni again... probing the folds of skin and enjoying the wetness that was returning quickly.
She held the head of his erection like a fragile piece of art. Slowly... she put her thumbs on the top of his head and opened the head so she and we could see into his excited orifice. Several drops of moisture emerged... and she gently spread it across the top of his erection in an expanding circle. Shit! I'd never done this elegant and sensual dance before... I was in awe, but also felt a bit of inadequacy.
Tracy looked up at Anthony again, and quietly asked, "You okay?"
Ant replied in a barely audible whisper, "Yes... you're good... but there is a limit, of course." He sighed deeply and smiled at her.
She smiled back and bent over to bring her lips just above the throbbing head of his super hard erection... her tongue reached out like a delicate and slow-motion probe to touch the source of my hubby's sweet lubricant... tasting him as a sommelier examines fine wine.
She looked up into his eyes again... and again she saw his nod of acceptance. She lowered her head to the head of his erection... encompassing it briefly so she could give it a quick suck... then retreating to sweep it with her moist and obviously adept tongue.
Anthony was breathing hard with his eyes closed now... I knew he was trying to control his responses... but I also knew he couldn't hold out forever.
Tracy took another long suck on Ant's erection, and then lifted her head and licked her lips. She looked up at Anthony and said, "Thank you... you are very sweet to let me remember and dream with your lovely hardness." She let go of his bull and rested back on the sofa with her eyes closed and a satisfied look on her face.
Ant returned to his seat next to me... we leaned into each other for a brief but very sweet kiss. Then... Anthony said, "Zoey... it appears that you trim your pubes some, so you're conscious of how you want to appear to others. Are you interested in being shaved totally?"
And... I focused on Tracy, saying, "And, Tracy...you appeared to enjoy the sensuality of being smooth rather than being naturally... and, well... hidden from view under a layer of pubic hair. Or did I read your poetic and very sensitive caressing of Ant's balls and erection incorrectly?"
Immediately... Tracy leaned forward and looked down at her own crotch. She spread her legs wide open, pulled her yoni lips apart with both hands, and said loudly, "Hey... come out, come out, wherever you are!" We all rolled on our sofas in laughter.
"So, Tracy," I said after I composed myself, "do you really want to free your sweet yoni from your comfortable curtain of curly brown hair?"
She laughed briefly and ran her fingers through her abundant bush, fluffing her curls in the process. She was having fun... but I could tell she was also thinking about the prospects of looking down at a smooth yoni.
Ant looked over at Zoey's lap again, and said, "As I was saying, Zoe... you already give yourself a trim... how about a total shave?"
Zoey chuckled softly and sighed... then she said, "I've thought of it at times, but... I wouldn't know how to start."
"Of course, Zoe," Anthony continued as he leaned forward to focus completely on her facial expression as he talked about her most private part of her womanhood, "but it's not a race... it's not scary if you go slowly."
She simply smiled and nodded. So, I said, "You need to know... Anthony is my patient expert. He shaves me every few days... and he has an amazing touch!"
Zoey and Tracy quickly looked over at me... and then at Ant. He kind of shrugged and smiled... acknowledging the truth of my statement with a slight nod and humble smile.
After a few moments of silence, Anthony said, "Hey... no expectations or pressure... sleep on it and let us know if this naked experiment has a future. But... before you leave, go into our bathroom and check out this shower... as Annie and I already know, it's a perfect spot for some patient, intimate shaving."
Tracy and Zoey's eyes were bugging out with Ant's suggestion, so I said, "Hey, ladies... come on and look at this spacious shower!"
I led the way for Zoey and Tracy to visualize the amazing steam shower we had in our suite. Yes... Anthony knew about these amenities but kept it a secret from me. Okay... because he wants to shave my yoni in luxury! Oh, man... he's one smart stud! In his wildest dreams... he could never have imagined this shower as a potential sight to shave two other women too.
I led Tracy and Zoey into our suite bathroom... and then into the spacious steam shower. Anthony followed us in and closed the shower door. I stepped over and started the steam and the rain shower head. None of us were directly in the spray, but the tropical moist atmosphere rapidly filled the shower.
Ant stepped up behind me and wrapped his arms around me to gently hold my boobs, fondling them slowly and bringing my nipples into their own beautiful erections. Sigh... he certainly has his way with my body!
As the shower filled with steam, Anthony said quietly, "The seat over there worked well for us... and the handheld showerhead is perfectly located. Just think about it. And... if you'd rather shave yourself, you're welcome to use this amazing steam shower with total privacy."
Zoey quickly said, "Oh, shit... what fun would that be?"
Ant left the shower first and retrieved a towel for each of us... using my towel to dry me from my shoulders to my legs... back and then front.
When he was done with me, Tracy handed him her towel, and said, "Me too, please." He obediently took her towel and dabbed her dry... back and ass... then front from boobs to pubes.
Of course, Zoey was right there with her towel also... with an innocent smile. Anthony took her towel as they stood face to face... only inches apart. He took the towel and threw it over her shoulders... drying the back of her head and her shoulders... down her back and gripping her firm ass... then down the backs of her legs.
Hmmm... it was obvious there was some chemistry between Ant and Zoe. They looked into each other's eyes with a magical connection. Man... I was kind of jealous, but mostly turned on!
He held the towel out, and she turned around. He started again with her shoulder... but then spent some additional time on her firm boobs. His hands and the towel then worked down her front to her hips and then to her yoni... where he spent several moments circulating his touch just above her clit... then moving discretely down the front of her legs.
As he circulated his touch on her clit, he looked up briefly, and we made eye contact. I glanced down and then returned to him... with a smile and a nod of approval. He obviously found Zoey to be especially sexy and wanted to enjoy more of her. And... that's part of our agreement... fun is fun... for me and for him.
We walked back into the living room... three naked women... one naked man with a 75% erection. Tracy and Zoey collected their robes from the floor... and we walked together to our suite door.
"I'll walk you to your rooms, dear ones," I said as they made their way to our door. "I love being nude in hallways! Too bad your rooms aren't a long journey away... damn!"
Both Zoey and Tracy clutched their robes around them as we opened the door and looked down the hallway. Not one soul... bummer!
Tracy's room was slightly closer... we paused briefly as she found her key and opened the door. Zoey and I hugged her good-night and her door closed.
As Zoey and I continued along the hallway, we heard the elevator bell ring. We glanced at each other briefly, but then continued to walk toward it. Her room was only two doors closer to the elevator, and on the opposite side. We arrived at her door just as the elevator door opened and a couple stepped out.
Zoey touched the door lock with her key, and she was safe... no fowl, no harm. She smiled briefly in relief... then glanced down the hall with wide eyes. She quickly pushed the door open and said in an urgent whisper, "Come in... they can already see you."
I said with a smile, "That's okay... we'll chat about it later." She smiled and closed the door gently.
I looked down the hall at the approaching couple.
What I saw was fun. He was a distinguished older gentleman in a three-piece suit with a stately-looking tall woman who was at least 20 years younger in an elegant long black dress with a deeply plunging front. But... they were basically helping each other navigate the hallway. Yes... they were both pretty drunk.
But... here I was... totally naked in the hallway of an elegant hotel. They were approaching... and then we were face to face. They both scanned me... top to bottom... and then back again... wide-eyed and amazed... holding each other up.
I smiled and said casually, "Wow... you two are dressed beautifully. Did you have a nice evening?"
The woman spoke first with an engaging smile, saying with slightly slurred speech, "Yes, good evening, dear... yes, it was really fun, thanks." After a few moments, she continued, saying in a low voice, "I know I've had too much to drink, but do YOU know you're totally naked in the hallway of a hotel?"
I smiled again and said, "Well, yes... I DO know that... and it's actually quite fun. I hope I'm not making you feel uncomfortable."
The gentleman scanned my naked body, top to bottom, and said, "If you're safe, everything's okay with us... really!"
I replied, "You're very sweet, sir! Our room is at the end of the hall... I was just helping a friend to her room."
The woman chuckled briefly, leaning on the gentleman for support, and said, "Your loyalty to your friend is admirable... you're very naked and very beautiful."
I laughed, and said, "Well, thank you for the compliment... you're very sweet to be concerned." Noticing that they were both very unsteady, I said, "May I escort you to your room, madam and sir?"
They both stood a bit straighter and started to walk... but then needed to stop a moment to steady themselves. I said, "Here... you two get on each side of me, and we'll go together."
So... there we were... an elegantly dressed couple being walked slowly down the hallway with a naked woman between them.
Finally, we reached their room that was also at the end of the hall... just across from our suite. He fumbled around a little, but then found their room key in his coat pocket. He waved the key around the door handle until it finally showed the green light... and he was able to open the door. I walked with the man into their suite, while the woman paused briefly at the door, steadying herself by holding on to the door frame. I think she was waiting to see what I would do next, wondering if I actually belonged on this exclusive floor.
At the first chair we found, I helped him sit down with a sigh.
As she watched me, I returned to the door, and said, "There you go... sleep well."
I walked across the hallway and opened our suite door. And there was Anthony... in all of his naked glory. Fortunately, his erection had relaxed to just a healthy 25% level, but he was still an impressive sight. Trust me!!
Her eyes were glued on Ant's lovely maleness as I walked over to him... and as he welcomed me into his arms.
After a few moments, she smiled and said, "Oh, my... I guess we're neighbors." She managed to walk over to introduce herself, "I'm Sherry... and my husband is Ralph. Happy to meet you both." As we shook hands, I reached out to steady her again.
I whispered to Ant, "Let's help her over to her room... I'm afraid she might hurt herself."
So... here was another sight to behold... a naked man and a naked woman helping a slightly older woman in an elegant dress back into her room.
We got her into another chair and stood next to her. She sighed deeply and looked up at me again. "Dear... you're so pretty, and you seem to be a free spirit." She paused briefly, and said, "And you sir... you are a dream come true for this drunk lady." She looked down at his partial erection with no hesitation or nervousness. "Beautiful... you're just both beautiful."
I chuckled a bit and replied, "We like to keep fit... and also, we're free spirits for sure! I don't know about being pretty... but I'm certainly happy!"
She smiled and said, "Yes, dear... you certainly seem to be happy... both of you."
Sherry looked over her shoulder quickly, and said, "Annie and Anthony, dear ones... this is a lot to ask, I know. Could you two help us get out of these clothes and into bed? And... it would be a real treat for Ralph if a lovely, young and naked woman would help him get undressed." She paused a moment, and continued with a wink and a smile, "And... I'd loved to have your hubby's assistance."
I laughed and leaned over to give her a quick hug... then I helped Ralph stand up. We walked together into the bedroom.
I got him resting against the bed to take off his coat and vest. Then I sat him back and took off his shoes and socks.
When I stood up again, he was struggling with the buttons of his shirt. He smiled and laughed, saying, "She loves to dress me in formal wear... but what a hassle to get free!" We both had a good laugh, and I got busy with all of his buttons and zippers. When I finally had him down to just his undies, he laughed again, and said, "Okay, Annie... I think I'm good to go now."
I leaned over and gave him a quick kiss, and replied, "Ralph, I need to get you naked like I am. I'll give you a big naked hug and tuck you into bed. Okay?" I could tell from his smile that he was looking forward to my hug. Yes, our hug was nice... warm and comfortable... ending with Ralph's hand fondling my ass. Ahhh... why the hell not?!
While I was assisting Ralph, Sherry was enjoying the company of my naked hubby. What a surprise!
When she'd kicked off her heels, she seemed to be able to stand and walk easier. I heard her saying to Anthony, "And... can you help me with this necklace, please? This clasp is so difficult." He unfastened it easily, and lifted it out of her lovely cleavage, setting it on a table.
Anthony helped her walk into the bedroom also. He watched out of the corner of his eye as I undressed Ralph. He was actually loving the whole thing as I was... me totally naked, undressing an older and decidedly drunk man.
Then... he was helping a slinky and only slightly drunk woman as she enjoyed having a totally naked younger man undress her... while I watched them. We glanced at each other every little bit... smiled and laughed.
Sherry was definitely younger than Ralph... and had a moderately fit figure. Ant helped her with her jewelry first... and then unzipped her very classy low-cut black dress. As her dress fell off her shoulders and hit the floor, her very lovely cosmetically enhanced boobs were on full display... along with her totally bare body, except for a cute little g-string. She turned around toward Anthony and asked, "Honey, you've been so helpful... would you help me get naked too?"
Ant laughed and said, "Naked is how we're meant to be...it would be my pleasure." He reached up and gently fondled her large breasts... and then moved his hands slowly down to her hips... slipping his fingers under the tiny strands of her g-string and pulling it down. She kicked it off as it fell to the floor with a big smile.
She looked at Anthony and then looked at me, and said, "Come to bed with us... it would be so much fun."
Ant and I glanced at each other... he rolled his eyes and smiled. I said, "Oh, that's sweet of you, but I think y'all need some sleep."
Anthony was still standing right next to her. She reached over and gently grabbed his increasing erection, and said, "But... this would fit nicely with my outfit, don't you think?"
I walked over with Ralph to his side of the bed as Sherry led Ant to her side. I pulled back the covers and helped him get comfortable. I took his left hand and put it between my legs... and watched his eyes light up. He wasn't drunk enough to let this opportunity pass him. He parted my yoni lips carefully and held his middle finger at my wet opening.
Sherry continued to hold Ant's now full erection as she laid back onto the bed and spread her legs wide open. She smiled up at him and then at me, and said, "Are you sure? We wouldn't want to waste this beautiful moment."
Again... I laughed and said, "Don't worry... it won't be wasted."
Anthony leaned over her to give her a kiss, letting his erection push gently on her yoni lips. Sherry said to Anthony, "Come on, honey... push on in." He gave her a kiss and stood up.
I said in a cheerful tone, "Hey, this has been really fun... but Anthony and I need to go to our room to fuck each other while our audience in the next building is still interested."
I removed Ralph's hand from my yoni and gave him a quick kiss. He had a very happy smile on his face.
We let ourselves out... and walked naked across the hallway to our suite with no one noticing. It was kind of a rush for me to walk naked in the hallway with my totally aroused husband.
In the privacy of our own room, we embraced and laughed. Finally, I looked into Anthony's eyes and asked, "So... what do you think about Zoey and Tracy? I really like them a lot."
Anthony smiled back at me with a sigh... and said, "Annie, they're really fun for sure. Total truth... I want them to watch us fucking... and then I'd love fucking Zoey with you watching."
I smiled at him and gripped his lovely raging bull. I kissed him hard and long... and then we went to work on each other with the drapes still opened wide.