At lunchtime Britney and her new friend Grace met outside in the school yard to enjoy the sunshine. Their differences in attire led to Brit's undesired results of attracting boys to size up in Grace's favor. Her hopes were to discover whom Grace might find appealing enough to attempt a deafening change to whom she was as a Mennonite raised isolationist.
It was fortunate that Grace's parents had decided to at least open up enough to let her attend public school. Owning a cellphone was even a pleasant compromise. They trusted their daughter to know God was watching. They barely knew their daughter at all.
"So, did your parents and Grandmother pump you for information after my call yesterday?" Brit sweetly grit her teeth.
"Of course. They watch my every move. Don't be shocked if you see their horse and carriage drive by the school spying."
The girl's burst into a round of laughter bordering on snorts.
Brit finally hisses, "Too funny. I'm so glad you have a sense of humor. Does it bother you when people make fun of your dresses being so long?"
"No. What bothers me are that they are so long. I have nice legs." She smiles shyly.
Grace in her sitting position ruffles her lengthy skirt up to reveal silky smooth legs up to her knees. She then eyes Brit in her short skirt that revealed not only her legs clean up to her thighs but also showing off her tiny pink thong.
"I want to be as bold as you are."
"And, I'll help you reach that goal. We just need to figure out how so that your family doesn't find out. Obviously, after our talk yesterday the whole make-up, hair done thing might be ruled out. I mean make-up can be removed easily enough but disguising perfume might be a problem."
"No. I can say girl's were cruel in class and sprayed me. They will believe me."
"Smart. Any ideas about hair?" Brit raises an eye brow.
"I would love to cut it. It goes down past my butt if I left it unpinned. That would be a serious red flag though."
"Another cruel joke by kids? They could cut some and make it look unevenly awful until your folks allow you to cut it."
"It would have to be cut really high or they would just even it out. Too much bad treatment and they would remove me from school and return me to home tutoring."
"Ouch! I would hate that. I like my new friend."
"I like my new friend also. Ever since you made such a bold move in class I have adored you. Detention only added icing to the cake. I have so many secret desires. God forgive me."
Brit pouts at Grace's sudden sadness.
"I truly never expected you to go as far as you did during detention. Mister Beatty was shocked even more. Tell me, was that the first blowjob you ever gave?"
"Other than a banana yes. But, he liked it." Grace giggles.
"Beatty liked it too. You really got into it once you started. It was awesome to watch your hunger brewing."
Grace turns red, "Hunger? Was I that dramatic?"
Eyes bulged Brit grins, "You could have fed on that dick all day and not had enough."
"I love the taste. Would you like to know how I knew so much?" Grace intentionally wiggles her brow.
"Absolutely!"
"Our family in Iowa visited last summer. My cousin Eli owned a compact dvd player. His parents had no idea. He watched adult movies behind our barn with earplugs. I discovered him hiding and watched it secretly with him. I allowed him to jack off in front of me. It was amazing. Except that he was uncircumcised. So ugly."
"You didn't touch him?" Brit was curious.
"Oh no. That would have been bad. Besides inbreeding is so dirty. I only observed and fantasized of the men in his movie."
"In front of Eli?"
"No. He might have raped me if I had shown him my lady parts."
"Lady parts? Too funny." Brit snickered.
"Sorry. I try not to get used to crude verbalizing. If I talk that way it might slip out in front of family. Bad! Very bad!"
"Gotcha! Okay, so what type of boy do you like?"
"You will laugh at me."
"No I won't."
Grace lowers her eyes and bites her lip, "I think your brother is handsome."
"Yea, I am going to laugh at you." Brit chokes up trying not to, "Why, Lance? He's a punk."
"I don't know. I just do. He would never notice me though."
Brit fidgets knowing how Lance had not only just tapped the cougar next door with her own assistance, but how Brit herself served him as a debt. She thought for a moment about Grace's revelation.
"I'll keep him in mind. Anyone else?"
Grace sat back against a tree trunk thinking hard before opening up, "All boys really. Just not ugly. Or fat."
Inspiration strikes Brit. She had yet to spend alone time with her brother's friend "Evan". Maybe she could plan something around him considering it was his weekend to own Brit for eight hours. If planned well she could groom Grace and introduce them instead.
"Okay. I have an idea. This Saturday you come over for tutoring. I'll dress you up and introduce you to my friend Evan. You can flirt and see where things go."
"Your brother's friend?"
"Yeah. Mine too though."
"I like him. He's very handsome." She beams then fades her smile just as quickly, "I might only be allowed two hours with you. My father agreed to the tutoring but only for a short time."
"Yikes! Would it help if I talked to him?"
"Wearing what you have on will ruin our day. Our entire friendship." Grace offers an expression of deep sadness.
"I can dress in something conservative. I do own long dresses too." Brit offers, "How about I wear nerdy glasses even?"
Grace chuckles, "And a bonnet?"
"What's a bonnet? Is that the big long knife they attached to barrels of rifles?" Brit groans.
"No that is a bayonet." She snorts uncontrollably. "I was only joking. What you plan might work. You would need to carefully choose your words. He gets very suspicious of people."
"I'm a good actress. I'll break out my Bible if I need to."
"That would not be appropriate. Just prove to him you are a good person. Not a bad influence."
"How about Wednesday night? I'll have my Dad drop me by. He would help me once I explain things."
"He would need to watch what he says also. Father is rebuilding our barn so he has been cranky."
"My dad so happens to be a Home Builder. Non-Union so his jobs have been scarce. He might help your Dad as a good gesture."
Grace drops her jaw, "Father would respect him instantly."
"Let's do this. I'll be Mennonite Light on Wednesday." Britney teases playfully.
Grace rocks forward joyfully, "And, I will be a Slut Puppy on Saturday."
Plan in motion. Lunchtime was over.
Returning to her locker Brit ran into Lance.
"Hey Sis. Ready for some fun?"
Brit closes her locker, "Hurry it up. I need to get to P.E."
"Exactly! Coach Dawson will be in his office by the Men's locker room. I have something you should deliver to him in person." Lance winks holding up a tiny hand held recorder.
Her eyes bulge, "Me moaning?"
All Lance did was grin and nod feverishly.
"You really want me to humiliate myself don't you?"
"No. I want to see what Dawson does."
"He might haul me to the Principal's office."
"Or...?" Lance smirks.
"What about my own class?"
"Skip it. I dare you."
Wincing at Lance she claims the recorder and heads off down the hall towards the gym. Once there she reaches her own Coach "Marilyn Roman" a delightfully older woman who the boys joked about calling her "MANROE" due to her obvious sexual choices.
"Marilyn? I'm not feeling well. Do you object if I go to our locker room and just hang out? In case I need to throw up I'll be close to a bathroom. You know I would never ask if I weren't sick."
Scrutiny in tune Marilyn nods, "Go ahead. Hope you feel better."
Leaving with a timid grin Brit passes her fellow students in the hall. On their way to the gymnasium above. Once the last student vacates the locker room Brit eyes Coach Dawson's office further down the hallway. Next to the boy's locker room. Luckily, the two Coaches traded off the gym floor every other class.
Stepping to his door threshold she looks around and lifts her stretchy mini skirt slightly higher. Her button up sleeveless top with only a slight cleavage was allowed to breath as she unclasps two buttons at the top.
The door was wide open and she heard him talking on his phone to someone. Obvious by his tone a woman. He sounded as if he was fighting to keep her. Trouble in paradise Brit surmised. This would make things worse.
After a deep breath Brit revealed herself in his doorway. Dawson was in his seat with his feet propped up on his desk. "Jerry Dawson" was a well built middle aged man of 42. Short brown hair he was proud of. Muscles from evening workouts.
He notes Brit in his doorway holding the recorder. She silently motions to him that she would come back. In turn his drops his feet to the floor and sits up. Holding a finger for her to wait she does. As she awaits she allows her English Lit book and a notepad to slip from under her arm. Turning her back to Dawson she bends over to pick them up. In doing so her butt cheeks emerged, revealing her thin pink thong clenched between her thighs. She knew he was looking by his silence.
Standing up she turned to face him with a mouthed, "Sorry."
He sat there with his jaw drooping, "Connie? I need to call you back. Principal's here."
Instantly he hangs up and nestles back in his chair.
"Hi Coach Dawson. Sorry to bother you."
"No bother. Come on in. Shut the door."
She did so enclosing them in privacy.
"What brings you here, Britney? Right?"
"You remembered my name. Awesome. My brother Lance asked me to give you this. He said he recorded some songs for you."
She then leans over his desk to hand it to him. He intentionally remained nestled so that she had to stretch further. As he claims it he eyes her tits dangling in the loosened shirt. A work of art he thought.
"Music, huh? Let's see what he felt necessary to offer."
He clicks play and after a second of silence he heard a shrill whimper. Then a vast array of moans. Followed by Brit's voice whispering of her pleasure.
Brit stood there with her eyes wide watching and waiting for his reaction.
"Can't say I know this band. Must be new?" He smirks shaking his head.
She shivers at her continued moans. She had never heard herself without actually being there.
"I hate my brother." She frowns.
"Band's growing on me. Know the name of the group so I can buy their CD?"
"I think the band's called, "OH MY GOD!" She blurts laughing, "I'm so sorry. I should have known my brother was up to no good. I'm so humiliated."
"No you're not. If you were you would have run out of here crying. Besides, I heard about your class antics last week."
"Really? I hope the Principal hasn't heard about that. Mr. Beatty gave me detention. He told me that was punishment enough."
"Proof's right here. Beatty might even get into trouble for not reporting it."
She folds her arms over her chest sensing blackmail.
"He doesn't deserve to get into trouble over me. He was being nice."
"I'm sure his intentions were good. You know, I've heard stories about you long before this. I have to admit I love the instrumental of this band. Vibrator right?"
She smiles sheepishly, "Yes."
Puckering his lips he shuts the recorder off.
"Did your brother really do this? Or did you do this?"
She shrugs, "You caught me. I heard you wanted to hear me from my old boyfriend Rick. I felt mischievous."
Dawson leans forward on his desk tapping his fingers.
"I see. What were you hoping to achieve by doing this? Can't be an "A" when I'm not your teacher."
"I just wanted to see your expression. Now that you've actually heard me." She bats her eyes at him.
"That all?" He winks.
"No. I've always wondered what the boy's locker room looked like."
"Just a stinky room."
She fidgets, "Are the showers warmer than ours?"
"VERY HOT!" He chuckles.
"Can I take a shower in the boy's locker room?"
His eyes quiver, "Pretty risky. Boy's often sneak in there early. Next class is in fifty minutes."
She nods then sits her books down on his desk. Slithering around the desk he scoots back in his seat to watch her. Brit sits on his desk where his elbows had once rested and leans back on her palms. One foot creeps up to rest on the desk while her other foot minus a shoe plants itself on his bulging gym shorts.
"Please?" She pouts.
His hands reach up and caress her legs all the way up to her skirt. She lowers her right hand down and lifts her skirt further to reveal her thong. An index finger teases her clit over the material.
Dawson exhales and slides his fingers further up to obtain her thong's spaghetti string waistband. He then feels her hips lift so that he could peel them off of her thighs. Simple moves allow him to take her thong completely off and raise it to his nose for a sensual inhale.
"Very sweet." He whispers.
"Tastes sweeter." She lays back over his desk.
Without a thought he lowers his face and devours her pussy. She wiggles and moans at his flicking tongue and entered fingertips.
Above him she unbuttons her shirt entirely and observes his hands glide up her ribs to clutch her breasts behind a thin skimpy bra.
"Shower with me?" She whimpers.
His face lifts from his eating to grunt, "Gotta get dirty first."
"We can do both." She exhales abruptly at his finger play.
"It's safer in here. Can't get caught. I don't need to be unemployed."
He stands up swiftly and lowers his shorts to expose his seven inches of meat. In seconds he penetrates her pussy forcing her to squeal and gasp. Moan and whimper. Quake and dispense.
Dawson was too easily excited and barely pulled out before jizzing on her clit. She creases her brow at how fast he shot his load. Maybe that was his issue with his girlfriend at home.
"Shower? You can just watch." She rubs his cum all over her, "I'm sooo dirty now."
Growling he stands up using Kleenex to wipe himself before pulling his shorts up.
"Follow me." He nudges her off his desk and opens his office door to peer out. As he turns back to Brit he finds her totally naked save for her shoes, holding her clothes and books. He swallows hard at her beauty.
"Lead me." She blinks vividly.
He had to smile at her perkiness. Directly across the hall was the locker room. He motions her across and sneaks her in. Once inside he closes the door which had no lock on it.
Brit swiftly moved through the room leaving her things on a bench. Shoes discarded she heads into the showers and turns the water on. She made certain Dawson could view her body perfectly as she spread suds across her tits.
He had to whistle at her realizing he had just fucked this fine young thing. Connie who?
Ten minutes expire as she prolongs her exit from the shower. He lost track of time just watching her touch herself. Without so much as a warning he hears, "HOLY SHIT!"
Turning to see, Dawson spots two of his best Jocks, "Corey and Trent". Both eighteen luckily.
Dawson immediately snaps in defense of his career, "Who let you in here Young Lady?"
Brit merely smiles, "I let myself in. Hi Corey." She fans her fingers at him.
"Hey, Brit. Wow!"
"Shower with me?" She curls her index finger calling Corey and Trent.
They look over at Dawson who throws his hands up then points at them, "I WAS NEVER HERE! YOU NEVER SAW ME! I NEVER SAW HER!"
He quickly leaves allowing Corey and Trent both to disrobe and leap in to join her. Hands were everywhere. Lips were nomadic. Dicks were stroked. Tits were squeezed.
Five minutes later more boys entered. Six at first. They merely watched as Brit blew kisses at them.
Another five minutes later eight more students joined the gathering.
So late in the school year all were easily of age.
Six of those eight stripped and went in to play with her. Only Corey had the courage to lift her against the shower wall and fuck her silly.
Outside the shower cellphones recorded everything. Nobody cared. It was bragging rights at its finest.
Finally, Dawson barked over his locker room speaker, "Let's go Ladies. Basketball doesn't dribble on it's own."
Everyone dressed swiftly and filed out gabbing over how cool that was. Rumors would fly.
Corey finishes and pulls out, kissing her lips passionately. He starts to ask her on a date but she clamps a hand over his mouth.
"Go dribble!" She whispers.
He hurried to get clothed and bolts away.
She dried off and got dressed herself before heading up into the gym. At the bleachers Brit is stopped by her teacher Marilyn.
"Feeling better?"
"Much. I showered to cool my body temp. It helped. See you tomorrow."
As she walked away Dawson winked at her. Just before the whole gym began whistling.
Brit blushed, "So much fun."
Leaving the gym on her way to English Brit notes Principal Harding in all of his baldness watching her. She waves at him on her way past. He knew something she thought. He hadn't stopped her though.
The day wasn't over.