I'm Jack and my wife Maddie and I have been married for 3 years, she is a 27 year old 5' 7 brunette with both large teardrop DD breasts, and a round ass. She isn't what I would call skinny but not fat either (just right in my opinion). Maddie is very friendly and easy going but isn't very confident in her body because of some teasing she got growing up. She doesn't dress to show off her body very often which though understandable, is too bad because when she does it drives me and sometimes other men absolutely wild. She is pretty oblivious to the stares that she gets but I notice and it's something that until recently has made me a bit jealous. I'm 6'0 and athletic but since leaving university, though I keep in good shape by playing sports, I haven't kept up my 6 pack that I once had and have resigned myself to the dad-bod shape.
We both have established careers in regular fields, her in high school teaching and me in construction management. Outside of our work life we both enjoy spending time outdoors hiking, going to the beach, and going out to dinner to try out new restaurants. Living in Canada, we try to maximize the summer months by spending as much time outside as we can outside; be it camping, going to the lake, golfing, or even just spending the evenings after work on the back deck or the hot tub. This leads Maddie to get a beautiful tan that produces some very distinct tan lines behind her bikinis that she likes to wear when the opportunity presents itself. I tease her that when she's naked at home it's like she's still wearing a sheer bikini.
As the cold weather sets in we tend to become homebodies. We still use the hot tub about once a week and we make sure to take at least a couple vacations to somewhere warm during these months to keep from catching the winter blues. This year as October rolled around (and with it the cold weather) we got to planning our winter getaway for the year.
"So, babe where do you want to go this year?" Maddie asked as she joined me for our evening hot tub session.
"Anywhere warm enough to get you into this bikini more often" I replied.
"Is that so?" She says as she wades over to take a seat on my lap. Maddie has a look around the yard, checking to see if any neighbors might be looking in through their windows (even though there is a lattice screen on two sides preventing a clear view). Then she looks back to me and says "that's interesting because if you agree to let me choose the destination, I might not be wearing this bikini very long tonight." As she says this she reaches down to the cup and pulls it to the side exposing her left breast to me before she kisses me deeply on the lips. My hand finds her exposed breast and I begin kneading and give her nipple a little pinch between my thumb and index finger. Her lips part and she lets out a silent moan as she loves when I play with her nipples.
I can feel myself start to get hard and press against her ass as she undoubtedly feels my soon to be 6 inch, and girthy erection. I reach below the water and grab her ass as I start to lose myself to the passionate moment. Maddie then snaps out of it as she always has when we're not in the bedroom and pulls away from our kiss. She puts her top back into place and smiles as she tilts her head to the side and lightly nibbles her bottom lip.
"Is that a yes?" She asks, still sitting on my lap with her arms around my neck.
"I don't think I could give you a firmer yes than I can right now." I say as my eyes peer down and return to meet hers giving her a wry smile.
My now fully hard 6 inches is now tenting my suit, threatening to burst through the seam and trapped between her thighs. She smiles and spreads her legs as reaches down to feel my hardness through my suit. She rubs up and down the shaft with an open hand and looks back up to me and says "then you better take me upstairs right now and fuck me with this nice hard cock."
She isn't usually into any kind of dirty talk so this really gets me going. I pick her up and place her at the edge of the hot tub and we both get out into the cold air and run for the back door, my hard cock bouncing as I run. We run upstairs ripping our suits off as soon as we get the bedroom door closed and I push her to the bed and we quickly start fucking like we haven't in months. Don't get me wrong we have sex all the time, probably 5 times a week but tonight, with her pulling her bikini to the side and exposing herself like that, which she never does even if no one was watching, it got us both horny as hell and led to an excellent night for the both of us.
The next morning, we both got up with the sun as we normally do but feeling particularly good after the end of the night that we had. While she is sitting at the table in her crop top and sports bra that just peeps out the bottom if she raises her arms, she announces: "Mexico." As if picking up the conversation from where we left off the night before in the hot tub.
"Perfect! When do we leave?" I say as my eyes wonder her body, particularly her exposed stomach. I'm a sucker for a crop top, even if she has a bra on it still has this effect on me. Even if I hadn't already agreed last night, if she wore this while asking the answer would be unequivocally yes.
We had been to Mexico before and had a great time at an all-inclusive resort. We went with another couple and spent most of the time getting drunk and taking in the sun as well as going on excursions. One of the benefits of when we get drunk is that Maddie gets really horny and it always leads to great sex at the end of the night or sometimes if we can sneak away, a fun little quicky in the afternoon as well. Maddie wore a bikini practically the entire vacation except for dinner and the night club which only added to how hot she made me throughout the day. There were several occasions when I had to spend a couple extra minutes in the pool to get myself together because it was a family friendly resort.
That trip was highlighted by Maddie teasing me in the pool or the ocean by rubbing her ass against my cock under water and even briefly stroking it through the swim suit to get me excited before slowly swimming away from me. The whole time smiling mischievously knowing how hot that gets me and how eager I will be to get her alone in the room to rip each other's clothes off later that night. My buddy Greg, who was on the trip with us, told me later in a drunken state that he had seen what was happening in the ocean and gave us some space. I didn't mind because he probably didn't see much but I told him to keep it to himself because Maddie might get embarrassed.
That week we had some pretty wild sex by our standards, we did it on every surface in the room, the bed the floor the tv stand, the shower, the sink, you name the surface we did it there... Of course, it also included eating her out several times a day which is one of my favorite things about our sex life. Her pussy tastes so sweet and her sexy moans and shaking orgasms where she completely loses control, especially when she makes so much loud noise the neighbors are sure to hear. I could eat her out for hours on end given the opportunity, I guess you could say I am the giver in that area of the relationship as her reciprocation is often lacking.
Later that night we had a trip booked from boxing day to until after new years at what the website called an adult only all-inclusive resort which to us just meant no kids.
As Christmas arrived so too did the annual Christmas party that our close friends Greg and Josie host. It was announced at the party that they were 2 months pregnant to which several drunken toasts were made by myself and Maddie. A little after midnight Maddie and I snuck up to the upstairs bathroom and locked the door. I lifted her ass onto the sink and lifted up her dress and immediately began to work my tongue up and down her slit until I got to her entrance where I swirled my tongue around and around, slowly getting closer to the center and then entering her with my tongue. All the while she is trying her best not to make too much noise, as not to be noticed by the people downstairs. I then change it up and start to work my way towards her clit as my tongue goes over its destination, I start to flick it with my tongue and as I do this my finger finds her entrance and at this point, she's sopping wet so there it slides in easily. My finger soon finds the spot and I work in another finger and continue working her clit at the same time. I start to hear her struggling more and more to muffle her moans and her body starts to tense and jerk and knowing her so well this immediately proceeds a massive orgasm, so I bear down and keep the pace and she starts to lose control and has a mind-blowing orgasm and one load moan escapes her even though she's covering her mouth with both hands. After her legs stop shaking and she catches her breath we straighten ourselves up and go rejoin the party downstairs.
We enjoyed the party into the night and left around 2 AM by an Uber driven by a large Indian man named Gurpreet who very kindly put on Maddie's favorite songs. Inside the car I notice Maddie has a new bag with her.
"What's in the bag?" I ask over the music.
"Just some bikinis that Josie said she got that she doesn't think she will be able to wear given her state and since we're pretty much the same size she thought I might like them for our trip." Maddy said, slurring her speech a bit. "I guess there's one in here that Greg bought for her birthday that she never got a chance to wear that she thought I'd really like."
Seeing the look in my eye she smiles and says "I have an idea."
She roots through the bag and pulls out one of the tops then takes her puffy jacket off and puts it in front of her holding it up with one hand and starts fidgeting with her dress behind it. Next I see her reach behind her back and undo her bra with hand, still holding the jacket to her chest.
"Shit she's naked behind that jacket right in Front of the driver" I think to myself.
I notice him looking in the rear-view mirror trying to see what's going on back here and as he's doing that, he begins to veer off the road and the tires start to hit the rumble strip. He jerks the wheel to correct and the car shakes which makes Maddie almost drop her jacket. She caught it halfway down her chest and somehow managed not to show the driver her tits. In hindsight I wonder if the driver did this on purpose but I didn't say anything about it.
"That was a close call babe," Maddie said, laughing at the whole thing while still holding up the jacket and continuing to adjust the bikini top under the jacket. "Gurpreet here almost got a free show," she joked.
My eyes are glued to her chest, still memorized by the whole spectacle.
"How about you drop that coat and I waive the fee, Miss?" Gurpreet proposed.
Maddie's mouth drops open in surprise, still quite drunk she bursts out laughing at the whole situation. For the first time I notice a sense of intrigue in Maddie with the prospect of exposing herself to someone, something she's only shown her husband since her last boyfriend when she was 19. Pausing to think she says nothing and turns to me still with the shocked yet intrigued look on her face almost as if to ask my permission to flash the driver. I froze ever so slightly and I don't know if she picked up on that or not but she seemed to snap out of it and politely tell Gurpreet. "Not tonight but ask me again the next time you pick us up".
In my mind I'm thinking "that's not a complete no, but maybe she's just being polite because he has been nice to us."
She finished adjusting things and she dropped the coat revealing a yellow bikini top. As it turns out, Josie might be a tad smaller than Maddie, in the chest anyway, as this thing is barely covering her two-inch pink nipples. I could swear I can see just the slightest edge of her nipple from the side as her large perky tits spill out the sides.
Still obviously drunk Maddie Says "It's so comfortable I'm definitely bringing this one."
"You have very nice tits, miss," Gurpreet says as he pulls into our driveway.
Meanwhile I'm sitting beside her, eyes glued to her breasts in this skimpy bikini.
"Thanks," Maddie says a bit embarrassed, putting her coat back on and getting out of the car. I tell him thanks for the ride and get out the other door and walk around the car to Maddie and start walking to the door.
I give him a 5-star review while we walk to the door, as soon as the door closes Maddie absolutely attacked me. We didn't make it to the bedroom and she pulled off her dress and the bikini top she was still wearing and I got undressed quickly too.
"Babe, I need you inside me right now". Maddy says and she rips my pants down revealing my already hard cock. "I'm so wet already, give me that cock."
We only made it to the stairs so I spun her around and drove into her from behind. I slid in with ease and started ramming into her furiously for all I'm worth while she holds onto the railing.
"That's it, you're fucking me so good!" She says through pants and moans.
"Keep going I'm going to C-CUM all over you cock, keep fucking me like that."
"OHH, FUCK" She screams as she starts to shake while I'm still ramming into her.
"I'M CUMMMING", she moans as I feel my own orgasm start to build and continue thrusting into her until the very last second and I pull out and jet after jet of cum sprays her ass and back, some even reaching the back of her head while she still involuntarily shakes and slowly collapses forward to the stairs. After I finish dripping my cum on her I join her leaning on the stairs.
"That was incredible!" I exclaim having just had maybe our most heavily charged sex in years. Maddie isn't usually into dirty talk or fucking outside the bedroom but sometimes when she's really horny or drunk (or both in this case) she really gets into and it's by far the best sex we have.
"Holy shit that was so hot I've never needed to be fucked as bad as I did just there, I don't know what came over me," she said still trying to catch her breath.
We went upstairs and took a shower and licked her pussy until she had another huge orgasm and we both drifted off to sleep.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The morning we're set to leave we're just checking our luggage to make sure we have everything.
"Have you seen a black bra laying around?" Maddie asks, looking a little flustered. "It's the only bra that fits with the dress I was to wear."
"No, when was the last time you wore it? I just did a load of blacks yesterday so if its not there I don't know where it would be" I reply.
"Oh god!" Maddie said, covering her mouth trying not to laugh. "I must have dropped it in the Uber the other night."
"Well, he may not have gotten a show but sounds like he got a nice tip at least" I quipped.
"You remember that? I was hoping you were too drunk to remember." She said a little embarrassed.
"You were just having some fun with the guy, you weren't actually going to flash him of course." I said, reassuring her.
"Yeah of course not, just playing a joke, and you know how much I love wearing bikinis." She said as she zipped her luggage closed.
Secretly Maddie thought to herself that she wasn't exactly sure how she felt but the moment came and went and whatever happened it ended in some great sex.
Just then Maddie's phone goes off to let us know the Uber she called has arrived. We take our bags and go to the front door and to my surprise, there's Gurpreet from the other night at the door ready to pack our bags in the trunk.
He grabs our bags and Maddie gives him a hug before getting the back seat with me.
"Thanks so much for giving me your card, I was worried we wouldn't get a ride on time for our flight this early," Maddie says from the back seat.
"It's no problem, Miss, always good to have repeat customers, especially one like yourself." Gurpreet said looking into the rear-view mirror.
This whole thing has my head spinning thinking about what she said the last time we were in his car. "She might actually flash this guy," I thought to myself. I turn to Maddie and see the big smile on her face from the complement she just got from him. My stomach is in knots, and I feel my cock start to get hard not knowing exactly what to think.
The ride was only about 10 minutes, I was silent the whole ride waiting for something to happen, or not happen. I noticed Gurpreet spent half the ride looking into the rear-view mirror at my beautiful wife and I had a weird feeling (as I identified it later) of anticipation mixed with fear.
As we arrive, I thank him for the ride and open the door to get out when Maddie leans over the center console and asks Gurpreet "did you find a black bra a few nights ago when you gave us a ride?"
"Yes, I think I did, though I left it at my house along with other items people leave in my car. If you call ahead, I can bring it the next time I pick you up," he replies with a look of anticipation as this beautiful woman at least 25 years younger than him leans over accentuating the top of her breasts in the process right next to him.
"Oh, that would be so great! Thank you," Maddie says then leans in and give him a peck on the cheek.
She gets out of the car and I grab the bag and we both head into the checkout booth. On the way there Maddie remarks "such a sweet old man, what great service we got."
"Yeah, great service," I reply with a bit of a forced laugh.
Maddie gives me a quizzical look as we check in and we're on our way to our destination and an adventure neither of us could have expected.