Something had to change and Debra knew it. She would often spend her nights with her phone scouring erotic stories on the internet. Each night going into new stories that opened up her eyes and dampened her panties. It was often too much she would slide her fingers down her panties or if the story was hot enough awaken her husband, Tim with a blow job and climb on top of him imagining herself in one of her stories as she rode his cock.
One morning Tim asked if maybe they could start having sex before I feel asleep. She laughed and said, "Let's do something different this weekend."
"Like daytime sex?" Tim jokingly said back.
"No, I want to go watch people have sex. I have been reading erotic stories at night after you go to sleep. And I have been getting pop up ads for a sex club. I ignored them at first and then I finally clicked on the ad. It looks clean with many rooms with windows and public areas to have sex. I read the reviews and everything seems on the up and up." Debra informed him.
"Wait, what? You are serious!?! I don't know, this isn't something we do." Tim sounded sheepish.
"Look, I need. Stop, we need to do something different. We have been married for 17 years and everything is wonderful, but I want us to try something new and sexy. I'm thinking about buying a new dress and shoes in case you say yes." Looking at him with a sexy gaze.
"You are serious?" Tim still in disbelief. In the back of his mind he was thinking that they would go to a nightclub have a few drinks, but that was all that this would amount to. They had shared pillow talk fantasies of having Debra get dressed up and flirt in a bar while Tim watched, but he thought it was just sexy talk that would never happen. Tim had never shared with her how turned on he would get when she would wear low cut tops showing off her amazing tits and he would catch other guys checking them out or talking to her chest.
Debra in truth had been checking out the club's web site for weeks. With her erotic story searches focused on watching others and female domination. Sometimes veering into group sex. She was a planner, so she found all of the reviews could. Went into the chatrooms and asked questions. Are people pushy? Do people expect you to have sex? How clean was it? Was it safe? Most questions she had she found an answer. And those she could not find an answer to, she decided to email the club and ask.
Her email was answered by a woman named Tiffany. She was patient and answered all her questions and back and forth. All told, Debra looked back, and they had exchanged over 40 emails. Debra was a little bit embarrassed, but this was a big step. She was nervous, but really excited about the possibility. Tiffany finally gave her cell and said feel free to text me any more questions about the club. Even if you want to include your husband as well.
"Yes, I am very serious, Tim. I don't think I want to do anything but be in a sexy environment and be a voyeur for the night. And if you say yes, I will blow you on the drive there and back and swallow every bit of you." Debra was not into swallowing, but it was her get out of jail free card with Tim, it drove him nuts the few times she did it. And to offer it twice and in the car would be pushing all his buttons at once, hopefully with the desired effect.
Tim launched into many of the same questions that Debra had. She had done her homework and had an answer for everyone of his questions. I even have the cell for a woman from the club that would answer our questions as well. She could tell Tim was also very excitedly nervous as well.
"How about I start a group text with the three of us and Tiffany could answer all of our questions and maybe give us a tour when we get there."
The text thread started off with many of the same questions. And Tiffany answered them one by one. Being very patient with not just Tim, but me as well. Tim bringing up things I had not thought of. Tiffany then asked, so will I see you two on Saturday? I waited for Tim to respond. With the three little dots hanging out there for what seemed like an eternity, he responded back with "YES!!"
Tiffany then said that she should probably pick out our clothes since this was our first time. Over the course of the week she had both of us sending her pictures of us trying on different outlets. Looking back, I am not sure if she was training us to do what she told us to do or we were just needing guidance. Either way Tiffany took total control of our preparations. She told Tim to wear a pair of tight black pants and a short sleeve shirt that showed off his biceps. I must have tried on every sexy dress I owned and at several stores as well. Tiffany told me to wear a tight low-cut red dress. She then said I should not wear panties when I came to the club. It would make it easier for Tim to finger you if the mood should strike.
THE BIG NIGHT
I put on my new red dress and must admit, Tiffany picked well. I was already wet from anticipation. But, I had to find a jacket that would cover me walking to the car so the neighbor's wouldn't see. Tim started the car and looked over at me and said, "Are we really doing this?"
We put in the GPS the address that Tiffany had given us, it was 38 minutes door to door with mostly highway miles. After about ten minutes I reached over and started rubbing Tim's cock while I told him how good he looked. He looked at me and smiled. I told him that I needed to thank him properly for taking me out tonight. I reached over and undid his belt and slid his now rock-hard cock out and started stroking him. I asked Tim if he thought I might get some looks tonight. He responded with a light moan of oh hell yes you will. "Do you think they will be looking at my tits?" I said as I leaned over and wrapped my lips around his cock. I know that Tim has been so turned on all week and with work we have not had much time for fun, so I was prepared for his explosion. I went up and down and took every inch of him in my mouth covering his dick with my saliva making it nice and wet. I could hear his breathing getting faster and could tell he was close. His cock started throbbing inside my mouth and his cum tasted incredible. I swallowed every drop that he gave me. As I came up, I stopped to give his dick one more kiss. I leaned over and asked him if he liked how I thanked him, "Oh god yes, that was fucking great."
We arrived at the club and when we showed our ID's and paid our entry fee, they told us to wait for our tour. It was not until she came out to greet us did, I realize that with all of our texting, we had never seen Tiffany. She is short curvy woman with straight blonde hair. Her boobs entered the room a full minute before she did. Tim is a boob man and could not stop staring at her in a sleek white dress in which you could see her neon green bra and panties clearly through. She gave each of a big hug and told us how much fun we were going to have together. I could see immediately that Tim really enjoyed the attention. She showed us around the club, highlighting each room's special features. One room was the Fifty Shade of Grey inspired room with bondage items. One room was larger for group or public play. She looked at me with a wink and said it was a great room to be a voyeur. I guess I may have let it slip in a text. She deposited us at the bar and told us to have fun. She said, maybe we could catch up later.
I ordered a double jack and diet, and Tim had a beer. We grabbed an out of the way table and just sat back and watched the club fill up. Every woman that entered was dressed to kill. Lots of cleavage and high skirts and dresses. The boys were dressed well, but this was a club for the ladies to have and lead in the fun. We had a few more drinks and I was feeling no pain. I leaned over to Tim and said, "Let's take a walk."
We retraced our tour with Tiffany, seeing what rooms were open, but I just wanted to go see what was going on in the public room. The public room had an enormous, oversized bed in the middle of the room with couches along the walls. There were a few couples sitting on the couches in the dimly lit room. We sat down and Tim leaned over and kissed my neck and ran his hands up and down my legs. Tiffany entered the room with two men followed by a man we would later learn was her husband with two women. Tiffany stood next to the bed in between both guys with her husband sandwiched in between the two ladies with the three of them watching Tiffany and the guys. The tall guy behind Tiffany was kissing her neck and feeling up her enormous boobs. Tiffany was making out with the shorter guy and started to undue his pants. She pulled down the guys pants revealing the largest penis I have ever seen. Tiffany leaned over and took as much of the guy as she could in her mouth while she was kneeling on the bed. The other guy hiked Tiffany's skirt up and started licking her pussy from behind. Tiffany's husband had reached his hand down the woman's skirt in front of him and seemed to be fingering her, while the woman behind him had her hand down his pants stoking his cock and three of them watching, along with the rest of us in the room.
Tiffany stood up and took off her dress and bra with both men helping. Tiffany told the shorter guy that she wanted to feel his huge cock inside of her and helped undressing both men. She lay on the bed and the short guy slid every inch of his cock inside of Tiffany as she moaned with every inch. He started picking up speed and she got loud. She then reached up and pulled the other guy over to her by grabbing his cock to her waiting mouth. Her husband was being undressed and Tiffany reached over and started stroking his cock as well. Both ladies went over to her and started licking on each of her tits. Somehow, she become the center of a six-person orgy with every person centered on her.
I did not even realize how wet I was from watching and had started stroking Tim's cock over his pants. I told him that I needed to be fingered while I watched. He listened and slid his hand up my dress and started fingering me, taking the experience to a whole new level. He leaned over and whispered in my ear, "I've never felt you so wet before, you must be enjoying the show." I could not even respond with anything more than a gentle moan, watching Tiffany take control of an orgy and being the center of attention was mesmerizing. I had never seen such an erotic event.
The orgy progressed with all six people on the bed circled by probably another dozen people watching from the couches and a growing crowd at the door. Tiffany got on all fours and the two guys switched positions with one fucking her from behind as she took the giant cock in her mouth, with her moans and screaming overtaking every other sound in the room. Tiffany's husband laid on the bed with one woman riding his cock and the other sitting on his face as he licked her and the two women made out with each other and felt the other's boobs up. There was nowhere to look on the bed where sex was not happening. Then all of a sudden, the guy fucking Tiffany grunted and you could tell he was going to cum, Tiffany shouted encouragement, "Yes, cum for me. Give me a big load." On command he came. The guy just collapsed on the bed and Tiffany pushed the large cock guy down and told him, "Your turn!"
How Tiffany's husband lasted this long is beyond me, but it was clear that the other two women had made him cum as well. Because as the one woman crawled off him and towards Tiffany the woman that was riding his face started licking his cock covered with his cum and the other woman's juices. Tim leaned over to me and said, "We need to do that." I was so distracted that I was not sure if he meant an orgy or suck his cock after we fucked. And to be honest, I was not sure if it was the three jack and diet cokes or watching this crazy orgy, I think I would be up for both.
Tiffany and the other woman were now both licking the giant cock, moving from cock to balls. Sometimes stopping to make out with his cock in-between. How had this monster not cum yet? And as if on demand, the giant cock exploded with cum. Tiffany grabbed his cock and aimed it on the other woman's tits. Shooting the whole load on them. Tiffany laid the woman down and licked every drop of cum off her tits with her ass in the air. It would seem to be good timing because her husband was now fucking the woman who had cleaned his cock and made him hard again in rapid succession. The woman was lying with her back on the bad and legs wrapped around him as he stood and fucked her what looked like very deep. Tiffany walked over to her husband and started making out with him while he fucked the woman on the bed. She then reached down and rubbed the woman's clit and told her husband that he needed to cum for her now. And as he came for the second time in who knows how long. Bodies were all over the couch and I needed Tim to fuck me.
I grabbed Tim's hand and lead him out of the room. He asked if we were done. I did not answer I was on a mission. I spotted an open door, and we made a beeline for it. We closed the door in the dimly lit room and started making out while tearing each other's clothes. I got on my knees and started blowing him. I looked up and told him, "You need to fuck me now." I stood up and pushed him back on the bed and climbed on top. His cock entered my soaking wet pussy and I rode him like I was auditioning for a porn movie. Every thrust made me moan louder than I ever had. I shuttered as I came and he kept thrusting. I came a second time, and I could feel Tim explode inside of me. I collapsed on him and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Thanks for a great night."
We got up to get dressed and realized that the room had a window with a blind that we had not closed. There was a crowd at the window who had watched our show. And in the front row was Tiffany, we made eye contact through the window and she smiled big and gave me a little golf clap. I was too worn out from amazing sex to process the fact that we went from the watchers to the watchees.
We went to the car and drove home in stunned silence, the night more than outperformed expectations. I hope the neighbor's didn't notice us come home because I carried my jacket into the house, tossed it on the couch and we went up to bed falling to sleep before our head's hit the pillow. We woke up the next day and looked at each, I asked "Did that really happen?" We recapped everything that we saw and did and before long Tim was on top of me fucking deep and hard again while we were talking about how it was hot that people watched us. Pillow talk from real experiences were much hotter than fantasies. After we finished, I leaned over and grabbed my phone to a text from Tiffany, "Great to SEE you last night. The three of us should grab a drink sometime"
TO BE CONTINUED...