As many of you know from our prior stories, my husband and I have long enjoyed showing me off to other men and having sex while they watch. Unfortunately the way we have done it in the past can be dangerous, from a legal standpoint. Especially dangerous was what we did in Ft. Lauderdale with all of those people in the W looking into our room as we had sex. That was a tremendous orgasm for me, but it could have been costly. This story is told in Wendy's Adventures, Part 3. https://www.literotica.com/s/wendys-adventures-pt-03
There are 4 parts to my exhibitionist stories. My husband wrote the first three and I wrote Part 4.
***
So, we came up with the idea to find one consenting man and invite him into our hotel room. My husband scouted around and found the personal ads on Craig's List (before the personals were discontinued). We came up with an ad and posted it, not knowing what type of response we would get. In the ad we made it clear this would be a voyeur experience only, and I would only have sex with my husband.
As it turned out, the ad was only up for a few hours before Craig's List removed it. I have no idea why it was removed as it was much tamer than many of the others in the personal section. It was well written, very descriptive and very sexual. I got wet reading it. Someone said that a reader had probably read the ad, responded and then reported it so he could limit the competition.
In the few hours the ad was up, we received, I think, 117 responses. We had requested a picture of the guy as I didn't want to perform for someone I knew. Plus, I had in mind he might do a bit more than just watch. We planned to get him involved in the foreplay aspect of the game, if he was cute enough. I sent them all a picture of my naked body (absent the face) so they could see what would be displayed for them and decide if they liked what they saw. They all liked it.
It was easy to eliminate the guys who responded with no picture, who were ugly, who were graphically sexual in their responses and those who were less than articulate in their responses. We had asked them to include a short statement of why they wanted to participate.
Our plan was to meet with the ones we liked in a public place, such as Starbucks, have a cup of coffee, talk with them and see how we got along. One guy I remember was a young guy who was nice looking. At my husband's suggestion, I had worn a skirt with no panties so I could show him what was between my legs if I liked him.
I liked him just fine and we had a nice conversation for about 30 minutes. As things were winding down, my husband said, "Walk with us to our car as Wendy has something she wants to show you." I opened the door to the passenger's side, sat down and spread my legs wide. I then took my fingers and spread my lips apart for a good look at my equipment. He was standing right in front of me. And this was in a busy parking lot with people everywhere. I have no idea how many people saw it. I was so turned on, I didn't care. After giving him a good show for a few minutes and gently rubbing my clitoris, I demurely closed my legs, smoothed my skirt and put my feet in the car. I again became a modest wife, until we got home and I attacked my husband.
I had given him the view to let him know we were for real and would follow through when the time came. Plus, it was arousing for me to show it to him. We scheduled a get together with him for a Friday morning, I think it was. Along about Wednesday we got an email from him saying he had to go out of town on Friday for the weekend and wouldn't be able to make it. We never heard from him again. At least he had the courtesy to cancel before we booked the hotel room. As it turned out, he was the only one to afford us that courtesy. There were a couple of guys who stood us up while we waited at the hotel room and a couple who just quit responding once we sent them the date, place and time. Men are such chickens.
The first guy we actually hooked up with was a young salesman who had his own hotel room. It was on the other side of town, but it was free and he was there. We didn't meet with him in advance as he was only in town occasionally.
I think this was an afternoon meeting. I was so nervous with anticipation I couldn't stand it. We had everything planned out in advance, but I was so nervous I left out the initial show I was going to give him.
The plan was for me to strip naked and give him a show, including spreading my pussy and showing him my butt hole. Then I would give him a lap dance and see how it went from there. Well, I was so nervous I forgot to give him the show. I stripped naked and felt a little better after I had taken off my clothes, but was still nervous. I went straight to the lap dance.
He was wearing a pair of thin shorts, sort of like pajama bottoms. I could feel his hard cock rubbing against my pussy as I ground on him. Once he started playing with my breasts and my butt, I settled right into the game. He liked my breasts, and I let him suck my nipples.
I was beginning to get really aroused after a few minutes of this. I got off of him, lay on the bed and invited my husband to lie next to me. He was kissing me and playing with my breasts that were still wet with the strangers saliva. My husband then offered my lower unit to the stranger to see what he could do for me. Not much as it turned out.
Instead of being gentle with me and subtle in his approach to my clitoris, he started hard banging my vagina with his middle finger. Not arousing at all. So my husband took over the lower unit duties.
After I was suitably aroused, I mounted my husband while the stranger watched. My husband spread my cheeks and my asshole to give him a good view of what I had. This was arousing but was something I had done many times in the past, but not with a guy in the same room. I thought it would be cool to have one man fondle one hanging breast while another fondled the other. So, I invited him to come lie beside us and put his hand on my left breast while my husband fondled the other. This was good while it lasted, but then he moved his hand from my breast and started rubbing my arm! I wanted him to rub my breast, not my arm. Hell, I can have that done anytime.
Still, it was erotic to be having sex with my husband while another man lay with us and felt all of our emotions. As I was having my orgasm, I alternated between thoughts of his hand on my breast and my fantasy of his sticking his finger up my asshole while I came. It was a good orgasm. My husband nutted in me soon after, and it was time to go. I should have gotten the stranger to clean me up, but I didn't think of it until later, so my husband did it. We got dressed and thanked each other for a good time.
We later found out that our guy had jacked off after we left. I thought why didn't he do it while we were there so I could watch? I had asked him to save up for three days so he would be ready. I would have like to have seen what he had for me.
We learned a lot from that session. First of all I should drink a little alcohol on the way to the hotel and take it in with me so I wouldn't be so nervous. I should get the guy naked early in the process so I would enjoy it more, and my husband should demonstrate the proper technique to use on my pussy to get me aroused—not to just trust that he would know what to do. To me it is extremely arousing to have another man do the foreplay when he isn't going to get to fuck me. He is just there for me to use as a sex toy. I found that I enjoyed very much having another man in the bed with us while we had sex.
The second guy, Webley (Web) we hooked up with would occasionally come to town for training and had his own hotel room, which was close to us. We exchanged photographs with each other—my naked body and his face. He later sent a picture of his erect equipment. I found out he was a closet exhibitionist and enjoyed having women look at it. I told him I fully understood. He had a nice looking cock about 7" in length and proportionately thick. Looked very much like my husband's cock.
We chatted a bit, and I found out what he liked and wanted to see. We tried to tailor our show to the interests and fetishes of our voyeur. I would make it clear up front that they wouldn't get to fuck me; only my husband would do that. I also didn't tell them they might get to touch me if I liked them. Save that as a surprise for them.
With Web having an interest in showing his cock to women, I thought it would be nice for him to come to the door naked and with an erection. I suggested that to him, and he jumped on it. One of his things was to be naked around a clothed woman. Well I could accommodate that. He also wanted to jack off while I watched and to watch me masturbate. Well that was doable as well. I asked him if he wanted me to use a dildo or my fingers. He thought about that for a while and said, predictably, "Both." So I took my favorite toy, a seven inch long dildo that vibrates.
We called him about 10 minutes away from the hotel, and I reminded him I wanted to see it hard when he answered the door. He didn't disappoint. I was wearing red heels, a grey wool dress with white panties and no bra. I wore the panties as he wanted to get an up skirt view of them as we talked. Our sessions were as much about what our voyeurs wanted to do and see as it was about what my husband and I wanted to do.
My husband had made a large double screwdriver for me to drink on the way to the hotel so I would be relaxed when I walked into the room. It worked. I only had about 1/2 of it and took the rest inside with me.
When Web came to the door, he was naked with a nice hard on. I immediately reached down and fondled his balls for him. This let him know I was onboard and enjoyed his presentation. He asked me to sit in one chair while he sat across from me in another. As we talked, I slowly parted my legs so he could see my panties. He maintained his erection, and occasionally stroked it while I watched.
So, I am watching this naked man I have just met stroke his dick, and I am getting turned on. I wanted to reciprocate. I stood up and took off my panties while maintaining my modesty. I tossed them to my husband who put them in my bag. Now I was ready for some fun.
When I sat back down, I parted my legs slightly so he could see a little of it while we continued to talk and I drank my screwdriver. As the effects of the screwdriver made me braver, I began slowly parting my legs. Soon my legs were spread and all of it was on display. My husband said it was wet and inflamed. I was totally turned on. I stood up, took off my dress and stood there stark naked (except for my heels) in front of him. I slowly turned around so he could see my nicely shaped butt.
I gave him a good long look at my nakedness, then sat back down. That's when I started the show I had forgotten to do with our first victim. First one leg came up and I put my right foot on the seat of the chair. That was a pretty good spread view. Then I started playing with myself. My clitoris was extremely sensitive, and I was afraid I would cum right then and there, so I left it mostly alone. I first spread my outer and then my inner lips to give him a good view inside my now dilated vagina. Then the other foot came up, and I spread my knees as wide as I could. He is only about 4' away and getting his eyes full of what I have. My husband said it was a deep red and soaking wet. He got a towel for me to put under my butt so I wouldn't leak on the chair cushion. When I put the towel under me, I shifted my position so he could better see my asshole, and I spread that for him as well.
I asked my husband to put on some music. I had brought a small Bose speaker and had music on my iPhone I had downloaded for this occasion. When the music started I walked over to him and started giving him a lap dance. At first I had my back to him. I told him it was OK for him to touch me but not to stick it in. He started fondling my breasts, and I thought I would cum just from his touch on my nipples.
After a few minutes of that, I turned to face him. I started grinding on him, rubbing my pussy against his cock. Soon I had the underneath side of his shaft penetrating my outer and inner lips, giving my clitoris quite the workout. The head of his cock was outside of me rubbing against my pubic hair. I started kissing him and was beginning to hope he would just go ahead and let it slip inside me. I was wondering what my husband would say if I was the one who caused the full penetration. If Web did it, then I would have a defense if he got upset about it.
That's when I started to feel my orgasm building. Then there it was, washing over me, and over and over again. I honestly don't know if he went in me or not. He could have and I wouldn't have known or cared at that point. My husband said he didn't think it went in and that the guy was a real gentleman about it. That was one of my top ten orgasms of all time, and I didn't even get fucked!
So there I am, a total rag doll kissing this guy while straddling him. He is rock hard and I am a spent noodle. We hadn't planned on this happening. We hadn't even done 1/2 of what we wanted to do. We had planned on my having my orgasm while fucking my husband. I'm thinking if I can rest for a few minutes, I might be good to go again. I mean here I am naked in a hotel room with a naked stranger who is enjoying looking at and fondling my body. Surely I can get going again? So far he hasn't touched my pussy but only fondled my breasts and my butt.
I disentangle myself from him, and my husband brings me a wash cloth to clean up with. I sat back down in my chair, spread my legs and labia and give myself a good cleaning. I realize our guy is watching all of this with a cock that is about to explode. I feel the first tingling of a new excitement.
After I am clean, I go over to the bed and lie down. I call my husband and Web over to lie with me. My husband, having learned his lesson from the first guy, shows him how I like to be played with. First he gently rubs my outer labia together right at the clitoris, then he starts gently rubbing the clitoris itself. Every now and then he will put his finger in my vagina and massage my G spot and occasionally gently touch my anus. The guy is taking it all in.
When my husband thinks Web has learned how to do it, he invites him to take over on my lower unit. My husband moves up to kiss me and fondle my breasts. When he puts his tongue in my mouth it reminds me of Web's tongue as I had my orgasm. Now I am beginning to get interested again. I can feel our guy's hard dick against my leg, and I realize he hasn't nutted yet. I am hoping he will shoot a good size wad for me.
The longer this goes on, the more aroused I become. My husband goes to my pocketbook, retrieves the dildo and hands it to me. By now Web has gotten me nice and wet down there. I shift my position so that Web is between my legs, spread my legs wide and start in with my fingers. Our guy is intently watching while he strokes. I then go to the toy which feels good as it enters me. After a few minutes of this, Web says he likes watching my fingers do the work as he can actually see in my vagina while I am pleasuring myself. He is kneeling between my legs and directly in front of my pussy. He is stroking faster now. I point to a spot on my inner thigh about 3" from my pussy and tell him to drop it right there.
That may have been what he was waiting for, as his cum started streaming out. First several jet propelled drops shot out and landed way up on my left arm and in my hair which was to the left side of my head. Then the mass of it shot out as if propelled from a cannon. His aim was good as he splooged right where I told him, and none got on my pussy. When he was finished, my husband brought the washcloth and cleaned me up best he could. It was too much to be cleaned with a tissue. The cum in my hair would just have to stay there, and I hoped no one would notice when we left the hotel.
We let Web rest for a few minutes, then my husband and I got back to it. I was fully aroused again and wanted another orgasm, this time with my husband. Web had partially deflated, and appeared to be losing interest. Can't have that!
He got up and sat in the chair next to the bed right next to where my husband and I were kissing. My husband moved down between my legs and started doing his magic on my clitoris with his tongue. Web was stroking himself. It looked like fun, so I reached over and took over. I was gently rubbing and stroking his attractive cock, which was beginning to come back to life. Soon it was rock hard again.
By now all three of us were aroused, and it was time for my husband and I to perform for Web (and for ourselves). I got on top of my husband to give Web the best view and told him to pick his spot. He moved a chair over to the foot of the bed so he could look between my legs as I fucked my husband. My husband was having a difficult time getting his cock inside of me, and Web was nice enough to give him directions of where it should go to penetrate my vagina.
After insertion was completed I began to move. It really felt good. My husband, of course, was spreading my butt cheeks to give a good view of my red eye to our voyeur who was only 3' from it. That was more than I could stand, knowing a stranger was that close and was looking straight up my asshole. I felt it building quickly, and as I thought about where Web's eyes were looking, it hit me. Time and again my orgasm washed over me. I knew I was winking big time for him, and that made it even better. After 2 or 3 spasms, and after Web got a good view of my asshole doing its thing, my husband stuck his finger up it which greatly enhanced my last 4 or 5 spams.
My husband didn't last long after that and let go inside of me. He dropped a good sized load in me as we had saved up for three days. Later found out Web had saved his for four days. I rolled over and let Web see the cream pie as he continued to masturbate. I was pretty much a wet noodle again.
I asked him where he wanted to splooge this time, and he said he wanted to go on my belly while he looked at the cream pie in my pussy. So, I scooted down toward the foot of the bed and closer to him. I still had on my heels and asked him to avoid getting his jism on them or on my pussy. As he stroked harder and faster, he moved closer to me so that his cock was on my pubic hair and his balls were bouncing on my pussy, getting wet from my husband's cum.
This time his eruption wasn't as violent, and the first drops only made it up to my breast. Then the major ejaculate shot out on my pubic hair and on my belly. Only less than half of what he had shot the first time, but still a good amount. This time my husband handed him the wash cloth, and Web cleaned his cum off of me and my husband's cum out of my pussy and where it had run down my asshole.
That was a good session, even better than than the first, so we decided to find another guy and do it again.
The next session we had with the third guy was about two months later, and we incorporated what we had learned from the first two times. I had a little wine, or maybe a screwdriver on the way to the hotel and took it in with me to drink during the session if I got nervous.
Because of the alcohol, I was only a little nervous as I walked into the room. After I started my strip for him, I relaxed completely. After I took off my bra, I let him suck my nipples. After I took off my skirt and panties, I let him gently rub my pussy. I then lay on the bed and showed him my spread pussy and asshole. I was gently rubbing my clitoris and would occasionally put my finger in my vagina to feel my G spot. I told him, "This is how I like it; nice and gentle."
I asked him to take off his pants and to get naked for me. He did so, and I almost laughed. It was the smallest one I had ever seen. Even fully erect it was only about 3" long. I had him sit in the chair, and I did a lap dance for him. After the first session we had learned to bring music. I had a small Bose speaker in my pocketbook, and some lap dance music on my iPhone. It worked nicely.
As I was grinding on him, he was playing with my breasts and sucking my nipples. I would rub his cock on my pussy which would spread my outer and inner lips, but there was no penetration into my vagina. I had to be careful not to let it get in as it was so small it could easily slip in. He also was a gentleman and didn't try to insert it. He easily could have.
By now I was fully aroused. Having a strange one rub against my clitoris was extremely arousing, even one that small. I turned around so that my butt was facing him and stuck it right in his face. My husband told him it was OK to lick me (we had discussed this while planning for the session). He licked both my anus and my pussy for a minute or so. I was about to cum, so I got off of him and lay on the bed. My husband lay down with me and started kissing and fondling my breasts while my legs were spread and my fully aroused pussy was looking at our guy. My husband invited him to join us and told him he would demonstrate how I liked to have foreplay.
So, as the guy watched, my husband slowly and gently rubbed my clitoris. Occasionally he would go into my vagina and rub my G spot. When he came out he would go down and rub my anus, explaining to the guy what he was doing.
When he thought the guy probably had it, he told him to go ahead and take over. What a fast learner he was. I was about to cum just from his touch. My husband was kissing me and sucking my nipples and the guy was working on my pussy and my asshole. My right leg was rubbing his rock hard little cock. I was in absolute sexual heaven.
My husband knew I was ready, so he pulled me over on him so that I was on top. I let the guy watch me fuck my husband some and then motioned him to lie beside us on my right side. I placed his right hand on my right breast and the feeling was exotic. I had two men fondling my breasts while I fucked one of them.
His little dick was still rock hard, so I reached up and fondled his little nuts, and they were little! He seemed to like that, so I moved up and touched his cock. I rubbed it for a while and then started stroking it. Not sure my husband knew where I was going with this, but he was intently watching what I was doing. I'm not sure I knew where it was headed either, but it was fun. It was so small it was a novelty. It looked just like a real one except it was little. It was so little I could have put all of it and his nuts in my mouth and still been able to talk. I could only get two fingers and my thumb on his dick while I was stroking him. That's all that would fit.
So there I am, fucking one man and jacking off another. I realized at that point that, yes, I was going to jack him off, to take him to completion. Evidently he realized the same thing as he pulled his shirt tail up away from his cock.
Wasn't long before he erupted. He shot the biggest wad of cum I have ever seen. It instantly covered three of the fingers on my right hand. A thick gooey mess. It didn't shoot far like Web's explosive cum, but came out in a massive load. Then another one erupted, as huge as the first load. I thought this is impossible. Then the third load came, as large as the first two. By now my thumb and all of my fingers were covered. I kept jacking and he kept cumming.
After about 3 loads the size began to diminish. After about 4 loads the size became more normal. After about 5 or 6 loads, it was over. The back of my hand, my palm all of my fingers, my thumb and his little dick and nuts were covered in jism. It was the largest nut I have ever seen. In fact the first load was the biggest I had ever seen, and then it just kept cumming.
He reached over, got a bunch of tissues and gave them to me. I cleaned myself first and then cleaned his equipment for him. I figured I had been responsible for the mess, I might as well clean it up. I had asked him to save up for three days so he would be ready for me. It looked like he had saved a lot longer than that.
Now remember I am still fucking my husband and haven't yet cum. Seeing that huge nut he produced was enough to get me to the edge. I was looking at his little dick and nuts (not big enough to be called balls) about two feet from my face and thinking about how much they had produced. That was enough to send me soaring off the edge. What a delightful orgasm. My husband made his own mess in me just seconds later. We lay there and held and I realized my right arm and hand were wrapped around our guy's leg. That's how I had cum and now I was holding him as my husband and I held each other as we came down together.
I was a real mess down there, and it took a while for my husband to clean me up while our guy watched. Again, I should have had him clean me but I didn't think about it. By now he had gone to his flaccid size and it was only about 1 1/2" long. Not big enough to be a real one, but it sure could shoot a load. I told my husband if I had let him fuck me, I wouldn't even have felt it in me. I probably should have "accidentally" let it slip inside me during the lap dance to see if I could feel it, but I didn't.
It was getting late into the afternoon, and we wanted to miss rush hour traffic, so we quickly got dressed, said thank you for the fun and left. It was a successful session: I got to show my naked body and spread pussy to a stranger, got to jack him off and got to fuck my husband and have a tremendous orgasm while the stranger watched. For me, exhibitionism doesn't get any better than that.
While I still enjoy our sessions in hotel rooms at night with the lights on and the curtains open, it is potentially dangerous. If one of our anonymous audience members is offended and calls law enforcement, we are in big trouble. So, we have cut back on that type of performing in favor of the sessions described above. It is just so intimate to have our voyeur in the same room with us. Also it is fun finding out what he wants to see and do. We have found another site that allows couples to meet men who want to watch.
In thinking about it, I have become the voyeur as well as the exhibitionist. Having Web come to the door naked with an erection was a turn on, as was watching him jack off on me. I also enjoyed jacking off the guy with the little cock and watching him blow that load. Stuff like that doesn't happen when we are performing by ourselves in a hotel room.
I hope you enjoyed my story. I enjoyed living it and then telling it.