When I woke up Saturday morning, I heard the shower on so I made sure all the clamps were still on. While I was curious as to what he would do if they weren't on, I didn't want to find out first thing in the morning. Thankfully they were all still in place. Since the shower was running, I assumed that Donovan had already made sure the clamps were still in their place. When I checked the clit clamp, I realized how wet I was from it. As much as I wanted to get in the shower with him, I also wanted to give my pussy a little more rest from his cock and fist. I had no idea what the day would hold but I was sore from the night before and knew he would put whatever he wanted in my pussy whenever he wanted that day.
When I heard the shower turn off, I prepared myself for what could happen when he saw I was awake. As he came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his shoulders, I couldn't help but stare at his cock. It was completely flaccid but still bigger than any dick I had before. Even though he made eye contact with me, he proceeded to get dressed and ignored that I was awake. Once he got dressed, he said "Go take a shower and I will leave clothes on the bed for you to wear out to breakfast."
I wanted to take my time in the shower to give my pussy a longer break but I wanted to be quick because my pussy felt so lonely without his cock or fist in it. When I came back into my room, he was already in the living room but on my bed was an outfit I had never seen. He had apparently brought some outfits with him for me to wear and taking a closer look they were a size too small, but I knew I couldn't say anything. It was another skirt with a button-up shirt. There was no bra or underwear on the bed, so I knew not to put any on. I put the shirt on and could immediately tell it was going to be tight, so I pulled the shirt on before buttoning the shirt up. Looking in my mirror, the skirt barely covered my ass and slit. As I buttoned up the shirt it was quickly obvious that it was going to be a stretch to cover my tits and everyone would know I had no bra on while also being able to see the nipple clamps clearly on me. I put on the same heels from the night before and went to find Donovan.
He was waiting in the living room for me but was looking at his phone with a huge grin on his face. I asked him "what are you looking at" and he said "my boys blew up my phone last night after I told them the BBC slut you became last night. They all want to fuck you even more and can't wait to see how much BBC you can handle in a night." Hearing that made me realize just how much I wanted to be taken by any BBC Donovan brought me. Being gang banged was never something I thought about, but Donovan looked at me and saw my juices running down my legs and said "Your pussy looks like it is ready to pull a train but that will be another weekend. Your cunt is mine this weekend, but I may share your mouth some more."
I walked over to him ready to open his pants and sit on his cock. When I got to him he reached to make sure the clamps were still on and then put the egg back inside me and said it was time to go.
On the way to breakfast he kept stroking my thigh as I begged him to touch my clit. He didn't turn the egg on but being able to feel it was driving me crazy. We pulled into a nicer restaurant that served brunch on the weekends and I immediately felt uncomfortable with how I was dressed. It wasn't the type of restaurant to wear such revealing clothes, but I know I didn't have a choice.
We had a wonderful breakfast. We talked about life in general to catch up since we didn't do much talking the night before and I noticed the stares we were getting. I assumed it was a combination of how I was dressed and that I was sitting with a blank man dressed like that. I wondered who had noticed the nipple and clit clamps on me. As the server walked up with our food, he reached in his pocket and turned the egg on high. I was so horny from not cumming yet that morning that it took 5 seconds before I started to cum. As luck would have it, the server got to our table just as I started to cum. I came so hard I had to press my thighs together to make sure the egg didn't fly out. I don't know how I didn't moan but the server looked at me with a look that told me she knew I was in the middle of an orgasm.
Donovan kept the egg on high until we stood up to leave and I don't know how many times I came. When I stood up, I noticed I had made a puddle on the chair. As we walked to the door, Donovan whispered, "if we were at home you would be licking that chair clean right now" and then grabbed my ass so everyone was clear that I was his slut. Once outside he told me "You are such a good slut and I see you have quickly learned your place in my life." I responded "Donovan you can do whatever you went, whenever you want. I don't care who sees me cum. I don't care who sees me take your cock. I just want you and will do whatever I need to so I can have you."
Once in the car, he decided we weren't going home and he wanted to go check out campus to see how it had changed. Thankfully it was Saturday of spring break, so campus was pretty empty, which only meant less people to see me dressed like a slut. It also meant, we could do whatever we wanted in any building that was open. He kept pulling my skirt up and then putting it back down and I had no idea if anyone was behind us. I had worked in the library during college and told him I always had a fantasy of fucking in the library as we walked past it. He responded "time to make that happen."
He didn't care that I knew some areas where we would be less likely to be seen. He took me to a floor that would have some regular foot traffic even over spring break and barely went out of sight of the elevator doors. He took the egg out of me and told me to get on my knees. Once on my knees I opened his pants, but he told me to take them off him, so I didn't get them messy. Once his pants were off, I took his cock as far as I could. Without him forcing his cock down my throat, my gag reflex was in full force. He didn't like that I didn't take him all the way in after he forced his cock down my throat the night before. He grabbed my head and started to face fuck me. He got the tip of his cock into my throat but kept face fucking me for a few seconds. Then just like the night before, he forced his cock down my throat again. He didn't cum this time, but he held in there while I came. Once I stopped cumming, he pushed me back and told me to lay back on the desk.
If anyone was on the floor, there was no way they wouldn't see us. Being a bit of an exhibitionist, the idea of being caught made me even wetter. Since the skirt barely covered me, he didn't even have to push it up before he sank his cock into me and I felt his balls pressed against my ass. I knew I should be quiet but I couldn't and started moaning loudly immediately. If felt so good finally getting his cock in my cunt that morning. My loud moans turned into screams, and I said, "fuck me with your big black cock. Make me cum all over it. My cunt was made for your cock. Oh fuck, I'm cumming again. Don't stop. Don't ever stop fucking me."
As my organism stopped, I saw movement from the corner of my eye. It was a couple black students and they had clearly been watching for a few minutes. He had his cock out and was opening stroking it and she was rubbing her clit from outside her shorts. Donovan saw the hunger in my eye and said "you can feed her your cock if you want but her cunt is only for me." The guy didn't need to be told twice and quickly walked over and shoved his cock down my throat.
I had never taken two cocks at one but it felt so good and I knew it wouldn't be the last time. Then I felt Donovan starting to rub my clit with the clamp still on it. He told the guy "feel free to play with the nipple clamps while you feed her." The cock in my mouth kept me from screaming as I came, but I started to cum and squirt everywhere. The girl tells her boyfriend that she needs to be fucked immediately because she is dripped wet from watching me get used. My throat felt so empty but I watched him sink his cock into her pussy right next to my face. I had never seen a pussy that close but it fit his cock so good.
Suddenly I hear Donovan "you are staring at her pussy like you want it. Have you ever had pussy? Doesn't matter you are going to suck his cum out of her pussy when he is done." I started to say "I've never.." but I started screaming as I came again. I was cumming so hard, I didn't even realize the guy had cum in his girlfriend until she put her pussy on my mouth. She clearly didn't mind Donovan telling me to suck her pussy clean. I put my tongue to work. Her pussy and his cum tasted so good together. I was eating her pussy like I had never eaten anything. But it was my first-time tasting pussy and I knew it wouldn't be the last.
This was enough for Donovan and he told me he was about to cum. I came again as I felt his hot cum hit my cervix. As I came the girl grabbed my head and pushed me tight against her pussy as she came on my face. As Donovan pulled out, he put the egg back in me and turned it back on. I was still eating her pussy until she came again. Once she was off my face her and her boyfriend walked away like nothing happened. I started using my fingers to clean off my face and savor the taste of her pussy and his cum until there was nothing left.
As we walked out of the library, I could feel his cum seeping out around the egg and running down my legs, but Donovan got a facetime call from one of his boys. Suddenly I hear "so the slut looked like she enjoyed having cocks in her cunt and throat at the same time" and I knew he had sent more video to his boys. Donovan responded, "she was like a bitch in heat when she saw his cock coming towards her face." "she was going to town on that girls pussy too, I wish I was fucking her as she ate another black pussy," Donovan's friend said. Donovan then turned his phone towards me and his friend told me "even if I didn't seen the video, you clearly look like someone who just got fucked hard and I can't wait to be the cock in your cunt. You will be begging for my cock too once you have it." I responded "I can't wait until Donovan shares my cunt with you so you can fill me with your cum."
After Donovan hung up, we walked around campus some. We saw our friends again sitting off to the side of some open space and gave them a wave. They waved us over but Donovan said "you are all mine until after dinner tonight." I wondered how much cocks I would take in my throat and how many pussies I would eat after dinner.
I had never thought of my self as anything but straight. But something about how her pussy tasted made me want to taste more pussy. I loved tasting her boyfriends cum in her pussy. Just thinking about it made me stop walking as I came standing in the middle of the sidewalk. I was clearly going to be a slut for black pussy too and not just big black cocks.
We walked past the building we had first met in but it was locked. Donovan sat down on the bench outside the door and told me to get on my knees. Once on my knees I unzipped his pants and started bobbing on his cock again. This time I was able to take his cock down my throat on my own within seconds. When I did it, he said "from now on you will always take my cock straight down your throat whenever it enters your mouth." Hearing him say that combined with the egg in me made me cum. This made me try and moan with his cock down my throat. The vibrations caused him to shoot his cum straight into my stomach.
Once we got back to the car, Donovan decided it was time to go back to my house for a little while. He told me "Dinner reservations are at 7 and we are going to spend the afternoon fucking and sucking until you have to get ready." Once back in the car, I asked him to make me cum again. He told me "don't play with yourself in the car and I'm not going to touch you until we are back at your house. Unbutton your shirt, roll your window down, and let everyone see your purple nipples." I did what I was told and had multiple men and women hollering at me as they drove next to us.
Back at my house, I was begging for his cock as soon as we were inside. He told me to take my clothes off and lay on the sofa. I did as I was told to which he said "such a good slut doing as she is told without questions." I told him "I just want to do whatever you want me to do so I get your cock more." He finally took all the clamps off and took the egg out of me. I whimpered at the loss of that constant pleasure but as soon as my mouth opened his cock was between my lips and quickly in my throat. I was getting more used to a cock down my throat and then I felt his hand near my cunt. He didn't let me build up to his fist as much as he had the night before. I felt three fingers in me for a few seconds, then a 4th finger for a few more seconds, and then his fist. I tried to scream because of the pain but with his cock in my throat that was impossible.
For the next 5 minutes he got his fist deeper and deeper in me until his fingers hit my cervix. As painful as it was, I was squirting like a firehouse. He also kept fucking my face pushing his cock down my throat. He finally stood up saying "such a good slut taking whatever I give you."
He grabbed my hands and said it was time to see if my bed was made for fucking. Once in my bedroom he threw me on my back with my legs hanging over the side of the bed and then put his phone on my nightstand. I knew he was recording another video for his friends. As he lined his cock up with my cunt, he grabbed my feet and put them on his shoulders. This position always makes me cum harder because it makes me feel dicks so much deeper. But I was worried since he would hit my cervix in every other position.
After a few minutes he let go of my feet, but I kept them on his shoulders because it felt too good. This position is also the position I had been in the times I squirted before him. I knew I would be squirting in no time. I was gripping my sheets because he had told me on the phone earlier that I was not to tough my clit or nipples unless he told me to while he was fucking me. I could tell I was going to cum soon and told him not to stop. He then puts his hand on my throat and starts to choke me. I'm so glad I told him being choked makes me cum harder. "fuck me harder. I'm going to cum all of your cock." And then I squirted like I had never squirted before. As I came down from my orgasm, he removed his hand from my throat and kept fucking me. Then he told me "bitch I'm going to cover you with my cum and you are going to clean it off of you again." He quickly pulled his cock out and immediately started cumming all over my stomach, tits, and face. Once he was done, he told me to quickly clean myself up.
I did as I was told as he went to sit in the chair and watch me. Once I was done, I crawled over to him and said, "when can I have your cock in my pussy again it feels so empty" He told me "as soon as you make it hard again so start sucking and take it down your throat on your own." I immediately swallowed his cock down my throat and started bobbing up and down from his tip to the base of his cock. It was easy at first since he wasn't hard, but it got harder the harder he got. I did as I was told and kept getting it down my throat. Suddenly he said, "get on your hands and knees to take my cock like the bitch in heat you are."
I got on my hands and knees as quickly as possible and felt him grab my hips. He said, "at the game we wanted to put you like this in the stands so we could fuck you as we watched the game for anyone to see" and then he shoved his cock in me. My head was near my dresser and I noticed he had stuck the dildo onto the dresser. I didn't wait to be told, I just opened my mouth and took it in my mouth. Then I heard him say "fast learner, knows to swallow a big black cock whenever she sees one. I've got myself a good white slut."
I immediately started to cum but as I did he took his cock out of me and sat back in the chair. And told me "keep sucking that cock until I tell you to stop." I then hear him starting a facetime call but didn't realize it was a group call until I hear multiple voices "bitch is hungry for cock isn't she" "look at how big her pussy is" "I can't wait to feed her my cock" "slut can't get enough can she" And then with out touching myself or having anything in my cunt, I started to cum only to hear "fuck man is she cumming right now." "she sure is, my slut won't stop cumming." Another friend asked him "can you fuck her right now for us" Donovan didn't answer but plunged his cock in me balls deep and started fucking me harder. I couldn't keep sucking and let the dildo fall out of my mouth as I scream "give me that cock. Show your boys the slut I am. Let them see how I take your cock. Fuck me harder. Don't stop. I'm so close. Oh fuck...." And I came so hard I couldn't hold myself up anyone.
Donovan pulled his cock out of me and turned me around shoving it down my throat. "fuck man I can see you in her throat." "I can't wait to take her throat" "slut doesn't even complain." "cum in her mouth and let us see her with a mouthful of cum."
I had never been one to keep hot cum in my mouth but I had no choice this time. Donovan said "you heard them don't swallow a drop until you are told to." He then brought most of his cock out of my mouth and left the tip and told me to play with his balls. After a few seconds I heard "here it comes. Don't swallow anything until you are told" and then he started shooting his hot cum in my mouth. He had as much cum then as he shot in my cunt the day before inside my front door and it made me wonder how much cum black men can make. His cum started to dripple out of my mouth but he was still cumming so I had no choice but to let it fall on my tits.
Once he was done he pulled his cock out and told me to open up. I had so much cum in my mouth it started to fall out of my mouth as soon as I opened it causing more of it to land on my tits. "bitch don't touch it yet" "can't wait to see her drink my cum" "we would make her stand over a cup after we cum in her cunt and then make her drink it when the cup is full" Then Donovan "now swallow what is in your mouth and then clean yourself off."
As I did that, he kept the camera on me. Once I was done, he told them he would talk to them later and would let them know what weekend they were all going to get to take me.
Once he hung up the phone, he told me he told me to grab a bottle of wine and glasses and go to the back porch. I did as I was told to and poured us each a glass once I was outside. On the porch I had a table and some chairs with a largely empty backyard but noticed a blanket in the yard. As we drank the bottle, Donovan put my hand on his cock, and I casually stroked it as we talked. Once he was hard, he got up and laid down on the blanket and told me it was time for me the ride his cock. As I sank down on his cock, I came all over his cock. He laid there as I fucked myself on his cock, but he soon started to pull my nipples and slap my ass. He noticed that I shuddered every time he slapped my ass, so he just started slapping my ass constantly. I begged him to touch my clit or let me touch it but he wouldn't. Suddenly it grabbed my hips and held me down on his cock. As soon as I felt his hot cum shot inside me, I started to cum again.
Once Donovan emptied his balls into me, he told me it was time to shower and get ready for dinner. The dress he laid out for dinner covered more than the earlier outfit but again no bra or underwear. However, next to the dress were some ben wa balls so I put them in first and immediately knew I would be using them every chance I got. Once I was dressed, I went to find Donovan. Before he said anything he put his fingers in my pussy and then said, "good slut putting them in without being told." He then let me know we would be going out for drinks after dinner and reminded me I was to do whatever he told me to do.
Dinner was a repeat of the night before with him pushing his fingers into my pussy whenever someone walked up to the table. He made me cum while I was ordering, and I let out of a soft moan despite trying not to. Our server looked at me and notice Donovan had a hand under the table and softly said "a white slut like you enjoys cumming in front of black men you don't know right?" My answer was another moan as I came again and I didn't care who heard me that time. Donovan told the server "just say the word if you want to feed her." The server responded, "let her go outside in 5 minutes to meet me at the back door."
5 minutes later, I'm on my knees in the alley with the server's cock down my throat. He was the same size as Donovan and shoved his cock all the way down my throat as soon as I opened my mouth. For five minutes he face fucked me. He then said "I want to cum all over you but that dress is too nice. Cum back in other clothes and I spray you with my cum. Get ready to swallow my cum you slut." And then he got his hot cum in my mouth and I swallowed it as fast as I could. As I stood up he said "you're a fine white slut and maybe one day I'll get your cunt."
The rest of dinner the server acted like he hadn't fed me his cock by the dumpster. But I managed to tell Donovan what he told me in hopes that he would get the servers number for when he was ready to share my cunt, a few months later I would find out he did get the servers number. At one point I had to go to the bathroom and ran into one of the cooks in the hallway. He pulled me into the men's bathroom, pushed me on my knees, and told me "I saw you outside and now its time for you to drink my cum too" before he shoved his cock down my throat. I just held my mouth open so he could use my mouth like a pussy. After a few minutes without warning his hot cum was in my mouth. Like a good slut I quickly swallowed it. I followed him out of the bathroom not caring who saw.
When I got back to the table Donovan said he was ready to go. As we walked out, he held his hand on my ass and whispered, "did the cook's cock taste good?" I responded, "yes but not as good as yours."
We got to a bar that I had never been to. Once inside, I realized why, I was the only white person in the bar. I remembered what Donovan told me earlier about doing what I was told and hoped this meant my mouth would be doing more work while we were there. While on my second drink, a couple of men who looked to be in their 40s asked if they could sit with us. We were in a circular booth, so one got next to me and the other next to Donovan.
Black men must have some code when it cums to their white sluts. Suddenly the guy next to me as his hand on my thigh getting closer to my cunt. I sucked in a breath and Donovan said "I'm not sharing her cunt this weekend, but you can use her mouth. And the slut will cum if you pull her nipples hard enough."
Next thing I know, the guy next to Donovan is next to me and each of the guys have a nipple between their fingers pinching and pulling them. I noticed the waitress was walking up but they didn't stop. As she got to the table with our drinks I came. The waitress just smiled and walked away. The guy who had already been next to me told me to get under the table. I got under the table, unzipped his pants, and started sucking his cock. It didn't take long for him to cum. After he was done, the other guy knocked on the table making sure I didn't forget about him. He didn't take long for him to cum either.
As I crawled out from the table the waitress was standing there and told us to follow her. She took us to a VIP room that was already full. As I walked in the crowd moved and I saw a cushion in the middle of the floor. The waitress whispered in my ear "this is where all you white sluts cum to suck on black cock and eat black pussy. Go get on your knees and open your mouth."
I had never had another women tell me what to do sexually but her telling me turned me on. It turned me on so much that I had an orgasm standing there as she walked away. From the crown I heard "the slut just came" "I love when white sluts cum from hearing their place in this club" "I can't wait to see her cum while sucking my cuck" "bitch better cum while she is eating my pussy"
I lost count but based on the video Donovan showed me later, over the next 3 hours I had 20 cocks down my throat, some cum in my mouth, some cum on my face, some pulled my dress down and came on my tits, some came more than once, and I sucked on 10 clits. Shortly after I kneeled down, Donovan came up behind me and said "you can play with yourself and cum as much as you want here but remember your cunt is mine." Barely 24 hours after my first BBC, I had taken 30 black cocks in my mouth including Donovan's and I knew I would spend the rest of my life wanting a black cock inside me. I took all the cocks like a champ that night according to Donovan. Towards the end of the night while I was eating a beautiful black pussy Donovan decided he couldn't wait to fuck me anymore. He couldn't go balls deep in me with the ben wa balls in my pussy still but I was cumming the whole time he was fucking me. The women whose pussy I was eating was telling me "yeah bitch take his cock while you make me cum. You like black pussy don't you. Next time I'm going to feed you a pussy full of cum." I heard Donovan tell her "she ate cum from a pussy earlier today and loved it, give me your number and we can set it up."
After Donovan finished fucking me, he told me it was time to go. As we walked through the club, my ass and tits got grabbed by everyone, I could feel cum all over me, and would have fucked anyone in the middle of the club. Right before we left, the waitress pulled me into the coat room and pulled up her dress saying "eat my pussy bitch." I ate her pussy until the coat room attendant came back in and pushed his cock down my throat for a few minutes until he came.
Back in the car I told Donovan, "you've truly made me a slut for black cock and pussy. I never had pussy before today and now I want to taste all the black cum I can whether its from a cock or pussy." He responded "as soon as I knew you wanted my cock, I knew I could make you a slut for black cock but I didn't plan to make you a slut for black pussy. I'll have to get a strap on so some black women can own your cunt too." Hearing that he wanted women to fuck me made me cum again and made me wonder if I am bi or just want my body used by black men and women.
He stopped at an empty parking lot along the way and told me to get out of the car and lean over the hood. This time he took the ben wa balls out of my pussy before sinking his cock in me. However, he made me clean the balls as he started to fuck me. For the next 15 minutes he pounded my pussy from behind. While no cars stayed the whole time, multiple cars drove into the parking lot to watch for a few minutes. They were all white men, so its not like I wanted their dicks anyway. But they all had their windows down and could hear me. "fuck my cunt. I was made for your black cock. I love cumming on your cock. I love being fucked for all to see." After Donovan filled my cunt with his cum he told me to take the dress off because it was dirty enough already. He put the windows down so anyone could see how much cum was on me.
Back at my house I walked to the door naked. Once inside Donovan told me to get ready for bed and he would have a surprise for me in bed. As I climbed into bed, he pulled the covers off and told me "suck my cock one last time tonight and then you can have your surprise." I took his cock right down my throat. Because he had cum so much that day, it took 30 minutes of him fucking my face before he shot is hot cum in my mouth.
He pulled up his phone to "give me my surprise". His friends had all sent video messages to him for me telling me what they wanted to do to me and showing me how hard their cocks were thinking about fucking me. They all had cocks about the same size as Donovan. As Donovan set his phone down I asked him "when are you going to let other black cocks fuck my cunt?" He responded "me and the boys will be here in 2 weeks. You'll spend every waking moment with a black cock in your cunt or mouth or both. We will stay at your house all weekend but another time we will go somewhere white sluts like you can openly be fucked by black cock. If you are in a car with more than one black cock you will be riding cocks with the windows down so everyone can see the slut you are." I responded, "I've always wanted to fuck in a moving car and can't wait for you to pass my cunt around to every black cock."
With that thought in my head I rolled over to sleep ready to see what Sunday would bring to my mouth and cunt.