Well, I finally convinced my wife to go to the local clothing optional resort with me.
I had made reservations for this Friday & Saturday and checking out on Sunday.
Now, my wife, Irene, is not a prude by any means. She enjoys showing skin and is a flirt. I got her to enjoy being photographed and videod naked. Hell, I even got her to try mfm which she said was only ok. I knew the reason for that was because the guys we had were useless.
Anyway, she was set to go the resort.
Irene is a young woman of 40. She is 5'6", auburn hair, brown eyes, about 115 and has a pair of 34d tits with large nipples. She is smooth. She is, to me, eye candy.
My name is Vern and I am 42, 5'9", 175, s/p hair, hazel eyes and a 7" cut cock.
We arrived just before noon and checked in. The weather was hot and we wasted no time in getting to the pool.
We got naked and laid down on the lounge chair. The pool wasn't crowded and we put sunscreen on every part of our bodies, especially the important parts.
As we rested, a couple were passing by and stopped and said hello. They looked pretty good to me. The guy was handsome and the woman was a knockout.
They introduced themselves as Fred and Ginger and said they were originally from New York. Once I heard that, I told them that we were from New York and I invited them to join us.
To be more friendly, we got up and sat at a table where they joined us. They said they moved to the resort a few years ago and that he was a retired pilot and his wife was a stewardess.
I told them that we moved here a few years ago and live about 45 minutes from the resort and were only here for the weekend. Irene told them that this was her first time here.
We chatted awhile and had some wine and Fred asked us to join them on a walk around the resort and he would point out interesting things along the way. We agreed and off we went, towels in hand.
Fred pointed out the hot tub and sauna room, along with the library. On the trail he pointed out the tennis courts, archery range and golf greens.
The trail took us around the lake and we found a bench to sit on and rest.
I don't know how it happened but suddenly Irene was kissing me. Naturally, my cock was rising quickly. I told her to stop as we could get in trouble with the resort.
Fred and Ginger started laughing. Fred said, "Don't worry about it. Nobody is here but us. You can do whatever you like here."
Then Ginger said, "We do the same thing. I can't tell you how many times Fred fucked me right here on this bench. Please continue. We enjoy watching."
I then started kissing my wife and we were both getting super horny. Then my wife got up, faced me and straddled my cock, moved down until my cock was in her.
She started riding me and in a short time, I shot my cum into her as she had an orgasm. We caught our breadth and she got off of me.
Fred said, "You guys are terrific. No wonder we took a liking to you."
We all got up and headed back. On the way back, Irene had to pee. I told her to go by the bush. She asked me to join her. Just then Ginger said she had to per to. So, the four of us went over to the bush and we all stood up and peed together.
Fred invited us to their place for dinner and wine and we told him we would be delighted. He said we didn't have to dress.
By the time we got back to our cabin and showered and picked up a couple of bottles of wine, it was time to go for dinner.
We got there and rang the bell. Ginger let us in. I gave her the wine and she showed us around. For a modular home, it was really nice and roomy. Their bedroom had a king sized bed with room to spare.
Fred was outside grilling steaks and Ginger opened the wine.
The dinner was terrific and we really hit it off with them. Irene was being her flirty self which Fred enjoyed.
Soon, the topic of sex came up.
Ginger asked if we were swingers. I told her we weren't but had done soft swap and threesomes with other guys.
Ginger then said, "Fred and I have done that as well. We have been looking for a couple to join us in any way they want. We like you both. Would you be interested?"
Irene answered, "We are flattered for the invite. I know Vern is bi but I am not. However, I wouldn't mind having threesomes with Fred and Vern and you could do the same with them."
I continued, "It would be fine if Fred wanted to fuck Irene one on one as well."
Irene said, "Look, Ginger, I think you are beautiful but I have never been with a woman."
Fred said, "How about this, why don't we just have a swap of partners to see how things go. If we click, fine. If not, we move on. We can still be friends."
Irene looked at me and she said, "Are you ok with this Vern?"
I replied, "You know I am but it is up to you."
She answered, "Yes, I want to do it."
I told her we will do it then.
Irene and I said that was a good idea.
We had some more wine while we relaxed in the living room. Ginger got up to get more wine and Irene went with her.
When they came back, Ginger sat next to me and Irene sat next to Fred.
It wasn't long before Ginger had her tongue in my mouth. I could see Irene's hand on Fred's hard cock.
We were all making out when Fred said we should move into the bedroom.
We got up and in seconds the four of us were on the bed. Fred was all over Irene and she was playing with his cock.
Ginger had my cock I'm her mouth and giving me a nice blow job.
Soon, my cock was deep in Ginger's cunt. As I started fucking her, I watched Fred slide his cock into my wife's cunt until it was completely in her.
Fred and I were fucking each other's wife as they laid on their backs next to each other.
Fred said, "Go ahead Irene, play with Ginger's tits. Feel her big nipples."
I watched as Irene moved her hand to Ginger's tits and played with them. Something I have never seen her do.
Fred continued, "That's it Irene. Now, suck her nipple."
I was amazed as I watched my wife started sucking Ginger's erect nipple.
Then Fred said, "That's it Irene. Now, Vern and I are going to take our cocks out of your cunts. When we do, Irene, you kiss Ginger and mount her. Do you understand?"
Irene nodded a yes.
Fred and I pulled our cocks out and Irene mounted Ginger and started kissing her.
In seconds, the two women were making out, feeling each other up and deep kissing. Then, Ginger moved down to Irene's pussy and started eating her.
Irene started moaning, "Oh God, yes. It feels so good. Don't stop Ginger."
Just then Fred moved his cock to her mouth and Irene practically swallowed his cock and started sucking it.
I watched as Fred shot his load in my wife's mouth as Ginger sucked on my wife's clit and gave her an orgasm.
They all fell to the side spent.
I asked Irene how she was and she just smiled and said she felt great.
Then Fred said, "Now that that's over, what do you guys think?"
Before anyone answered, Irene said, "I want to thank you Fred and especially Ginger. I am all for swapping and I wouldn't mind spending time with Ginger either."
I told them it was fine with me too.
Then Fred said, "Ok. That's great. Do you guys want to spend the night with us or do you just want to swap partners and go back to your cabin?"
I said that I preferred to stay the night and Irene said the same.
Ginger then said, "Let's have some more wine, then we can continue to party in the bedroom."
By midnight, the four of us were on the bed fucking and swapping partners. My wife & Ginger were even rubbing their pussies and getting off, which was a shock, while Fred and I sucked each other off.
The four of us finally fell asleep and it was a beautiful sight seeing my wife asleep in the arms of Ginger, their tits touching each other.
I was the first to wake up and when Fred awoke, I told him that i wanted the girls on all fours so we could fuck them from behind and switch partners while fucking them. He said he would like that. He also said he wanted to fuck their asses too.
As soon as the girls got up, we got them on all fours and Fred and I started fucking them from behind. We then switched often and I came in Ginger and Fred came in Irene.
With our cocks still somewhat hard, we lubed their asses with cum and slowly slipped our cocks in their asses. We switched partners and fucked their asses until we came in them.
After breakfast, we went out to the pool and relaxed. The main topic for discussion was us.
I started and told everyone that I really enjoyed last night. I also told them that I wanted to thank them for what they did for Irene. I also said that I feel comfortable with them and would like us to remain friends and continue last night's fun.
Fred & Ginger both said that they also feel comfortable with us and want to continue what we all started.
That all being said, our last night at the resort was exceptional. None of us got any sleep and the girls told me and Fred that they had the best time of their life and look forward to more nights like it.