My recent Literotica dare led me to purchase a small princess butt plug to work, which I've worn several days in a row without break.
These are my findings:
The plug I bought is meant to be worn everyday and has a stem in it for easy removal, as well as for better pleasure (easier to manipulate while sitting down).
My visits to the restroom have increased by almost double. I have been reading that this is very normal.
I take my plug out at night to sleep and I'm finding that I wake up feeling empty and actually kind of missing it...
Might be TMI, but my asshole actually feels tighter and it's harder to get the plug back in sometimes (and it was already hard. I carry a full bottle of lube in my purse).
I have had five orgasms in 3 days. Two were completely out of nowhere. The others came from my touching myself or fantasizing in my head. I came verrryyyyy close to having an orgasm while talking to a cute guy and had to walk away very quickly and take deep breaths.
As a new member to the daily butt plug club there's definitely been a learning curve. That hasn't been as evident until this afternoon. The few sudden orgasms while wearing my plug but it's usually been when I'm alone and pushing the pressure to the limit. That was not the case today.
We were halfway through a two hour meeting. About 20 of us were crammed into the conference room (masks on) and to be perfectly frank I was bored and zoning out. Started daydreaming about sex and skimming literotica messages under the table. I leaned back into the chair to put pressure onto my plug and it hit like lightning. I went right past the point of no return. It was immediate.
The tightness and pressure in my ass exploded through my entire body, causing me to shiver all over and then it was happening. I was cumming right there. In the middle of a work meeting.
The emotions going through my mind were complicated and unclear. It was a lot at once.
I jammed my legs together as tight as I could and prayed no one was looking at my face. Thank god for the mask being on, it hid my expression. I closed my eyes tightly.
I felt the wetness spreading in my panties and prayed it wasn't going through my jeans. My body was almost shaking. I kept my mouth sealed shut as the orgasm rattled up and down my body. Finally it was over. I slumped back into the seat and discretely looked around.
A few people glanced at me. But nothing egregious. I took a deep breath and tried to focus.
Then I saw Brad, a coworker I wasn't too close with, staring at me. Brad is kind of known to be an asshole. He's a big guy, but incredibly charming. He also used to hook up with the secretary Nina and through her I knew he had a very wide surprise downstairs.
He saw me looking and gave me a discrete thumbs up.
I looked down and thankfully I didn't fully squirt so no wet spot.
I looked back up, Brad was looking back at the projector screen.
Maybe he didn't see anything...
Might need to take a break with the plug for a bit...
My phone buzzed. I had a new dare pop up on my phone. I "accidentally" let a coworker see something naughty of myself.
The timing was too perfect. I immediately had an idea. It should be Brad.
I decided I could show him some vacation things and sneak a naughty photo of myself in the middle for him to find.
The meeting droned on as I brainstormed.
I decided on the picture first, one of me posing for my boyfriend, panties on and nothing else, giving a cute face. It looked very natural and like we took it in a hotel room.
Last week I had been talking to a group of people, which Brad was a part of, and Brad steered the conversation to travel and I brought up Thailand. He said he always wanted to go and I told him about all the beautiful things I saw. He said he would love to see photos of the trip at some point.
Well, today was that point.
After the meeting was over I walked to his desk. The plug was throbbing inside me.
He looked at me with a small smirk as I walked up.
"Hey boss. That looked like a painful sneeze in the meeting." He said.
That's what he thought happened. Too funny.
"Not my most ladylike moment." I said with a smile. "Hey I started daydreaming about taking a trip in there and remembered you wanted to see some Thailand photos."
"Oh yeah! I'd love to". He said.
I think I stared at the naughty photo I picked 1000 times in the last hour and thought about if this was a good or bad idea. But now it was too late.
I handed him the phone and said scroll to the right.
My phone was in his hand.
And he was scrolling.
I was narrating as he scrolled. Past the beaches. The forest. The food. Then I saw it.
The island.
The next one was the one. The next photo was me naked. I felt like I was going to pass out.
"Excuse me." Someone said. I turned and there was Olivia. "Sorry to interrupt but have you seen Adam?"
I wanted to strangle her.
"He's at a doctors appointment" I said.
"Oh yeah, that's today. Ok." She turned and walked away. I looked back at Brad who had a huge smile on his face and was hiding the phone from view.
"I think there's something in here I shouldn't see." He said.
"No way. What is it?" I asked.
He flipped the phone around and sure enough, there I was almost completely naked.
Face fully visible. Body exposed.
I went full embarrassment mode, apologizing, going bright red. He just kept smiling at me.
"It's ok, no worries at all. I know it's not for me to see." He said and scrolled to the next one.
"I don't mind you seeing." I blurted out.
His desk phone rang. He kept looking at me.
"Good. I think that was my favorite part of your vacation." He handed the phone back. "Beautiful sight. I'd love to see more from your vacation later if they are all that gorgeous."
He turned and answered his phone. I quickly walked back to my desk.
Dying.