I'll try not to repeat too much, but recommend the reader check out my story, "Buckets," (also in Exhibitionist/Voyeur) first, to get the background.
***
Hello again. I'm still David, and Anna's still the wife (5'4", 135#, 34C-30-38, blue with brown). As her 49th approached, she worried the usual worries about getting older, life passing by, and such. I urged her to make a bucket list of things to do. That little exercise helped, and led to a better outlook along with plans to travel and read and learn.
Her initial list had nothing sexual, nothing even vaguely romantic in it, and I, as an admittedly dirty and also aging man, pressed the issue. That led to an agreement that we'd both come up with a follow-on list to reignite the spark between us. Agreeing to share one item at a time off the expanded list, I wanted her to make a conscious effort to be sexy for me for two months, just on the weekends (hey, I'm not the indefatigable sport I used to be). She in turn wanted to, or sort of grudgingly put on the table to go skinny dipping with me sometime.
The following weeks were wonderful - she came through big time on her trying to be sexier, and for my money, it worked like gangbusters - new lingerie appeared, stroking and groping and flirting and kissing like teenagers, with more and better orgasms for us both. And her worries about turning 49 seemed forgotten, or at least overwhelmed. The skinny dip was sort of a bust at first, but turned out great as well. We went to a quarry at night, thought we were alone, swam naked, and went through the preliminaries of lovemaking out on a raft on the water, only to hear applause after she orgasmed. She was embarrassed that we'd been seen, and were still being seen by a younger couple whom we could barely detect in the dark, back on the shoreline. They were standing over our discarded clothes, so there was no way we could escape (yes, the place was fenced as well) without going back there. Teasing us, the guy, Derek (we learned thanks to his girlfriend's admonishing him), offered to even things up, and soon we were all naked and checking each other out as the price of getting out of there.
Turning down Derek's offer to get stoned and party - not quite our thing - we made our way back to our parked car. I thought the whole night had been a disaster, despite my having been turned on by watching Derek's girlfriend in her slim nakedness, and Derek being turned on, obviously and somewhat prodigiously, by watching Anna's embarrassment as well as her gorgeous and naked body. Derek and his girl departed the scene, and we headed back to our car. The big surprise of the night was that it got to Anna, too, and we fucked, vigorously, with her crying out as she came, bent over the warm hood of our car,. All that's in the basic story, so this picks up from there.
--------
We drove home, mostly in silence, but holding hands, lost in our individual thoughts. I was thrilled that she had found the scene with Derek and his girl to be a turn-on, or at least so it seemed. This is what I'd longed for - a wife who would admit to a sexual side, and then to find it was exciting for her to attend to it, and to be attended to. I didn't know if she had some voyeurism (watching Derek and his bigger-than-mine cock start to swell and surge, there on the beach), or some exhibitionism (being watched by Derek and that one-eyed snake and maybe even the girlfriend), or just some newness of the whole scene compared to our usual much more vanilla sex life. She'd already gone way beyond my hopes in her efforts to be sexy for me, but this night had been proof that something was good for her beyond just doing me a favor! I also wondered just what was going on in that bright and mysterious brain of hers as we drove.
Arriving at home, we entered and without words shed our clothes once more as we walked briskly to the bedroom. Another enthusiastic fuck followed - a rarity for me to get things going more than once in an evening, and a rarity for her to acquiesce - hell, never mind almost demand, a continuation, especially after she'd already come out on the raft and again on the hood. I had a moment of self-doubt when it became clear she was wanting more sex, but she looked so damn good, and she looked so - feral or something - that my cock quickly reassured me that it was up to the challenge, and up it was indeed. We fell asleep and slept deeply - thankfully neither of us needed to be anywhere for the next several days.
I got up first the next morning, cleared through the bathroom regimen, and made coffee. She joined me, still sleepy-eyed and looking tousled and wonderful. I'd pulled on some gym shorts, and she appeared in a short robe - I think neither of us was quite sure how the other felt about the previous evening, in the light of morning.
"Hey, babe," I greeted her, offering her a steaming cup of coffee.
"Hey you, too," she said, and we kissed lightly.
We sipped, each shy to broach what we both knew we needed to discuss. I thought what the hell, at least she's showing no signs - yet - of remorse or recrimination.
"So, want to talk about last night?" I asked, tentatively.
"I'm not sure." She answered. "What's there to talk about - we got my skinny dipping thing out of my system - that's for certain!" she added, and then, thankfully, laughed lightly.
"Yeah, I suppose, although it didn't turn out as I'd expected."
"No," she answered, and seemed to drift off in her thoughts.
"OK, can I be frank?"
She nodded back.
"First off, I thought you were gorgeous, all naked and swimming - but you knew that. And I thought it was great that I got to taste you out on the raft, and that you let yourself go, and came for me, or, I hope, for you!"
She blushed at that, and looked down into her cup. I soldiered on. "And after the surprise of Derek and his girl being there and us having to get back to the beach, I loved that you stood up to them, proud in your beauty, not hiding yourself, and defiant in our being the ones who sort of had the rights to be there. And then, when Derek dropped his clothes, and his girl did, and we stood there, checking each other out, I was proud that he was getting an erection looking at my lady, and of course jealous that he was better endowed than I am, but mostly proud, and turned on partly by showing you off, and partly, I admit, by being naked myself and having his girl checking me out. So it was getting all exhibitionistic and voyeuristic for me, or so I thought, and then when we fucked back at the car, it seemed that it had gotten you hot as well, and I loved that, and I loved you getting off again - not to mention back here when we got back home! So, all in all, I'm busted as a dirty old man, but a dirty old man who's got the greatest female on the planet to go with him on this crazy journey. So there."
She didn't reply. Dang, do I have to pull teeth on this thing? "So, what do you think about it all?"
"I guess I'm still trying to digest it all. I admit, I was turned on by all that, and it's not something I expected. If you'd described that sort of scene and told me I would be turned on by it, I'd have said you were dreaming. I don't know yet if I just had a hormonal alignment, something like circadian or bio rhythms coming together, or if it was something I've denied that was there all along. I just don't know, but it was uncharacteristic, and until I can figure it out, I'm not comfortable with it, I guess."
I probably sighed, but persisted, "Take whatever time you need, Anna. Today's Friday, which is sort of a weekend, I guess, but I wouldn't want you to go through with the weekend deal if you're not ok with it." Recall that she'd pledged to try extra hard to be sexy on weekends for the next two months - and here it seemed that was going down the tubes.
"What week . . . oh, yeah, that first bucket list item of yours. Well, I said I would, so..."
I cut her off: "No, I don't want you to be doing it out of some duty, when you're so conflicted. You take your time. I won't bring it up again, to give you space. If sometime you want to do a restart, then fine. If not, it's not like this is going to break us up or anything."
"OK, well, thanks." And with that, she took her coffee and disappeared into the bedroom. Soon, I heard the shower turn on, and knew she was done talking, much less doing anything for that weekend.
Life went on. Doesn't it always. That weekend was polite but not much more, and the next week was back into our normal routine, and the next weekend came and went without any indication that she wanted a restart of anything but our normal, can I say boring, routine. I was bummed, but kept reminding myself that we had a pretty good life and that my wanting better sex was probably just selfish in the big scheme of things. I also recalled, frequently, that night at the quarry, wondering how to recapture that part of her, knowing it was there, hoping it might return.
It was yet the week after that one when I suggested we go out to a new restaurant. It was about a half hour away, maybe less with good traffic, out in the semi-country, rustic farmhouse, advertised as farm-to-table foodie kind of stuff. Anna had pointed out the rave review of it to me a couple of months before, and we just hadn't gotten to it. She was ok with the idea, so I made reservations for the coming Saturday. Late in the afternoon, I showered and dressed in loafers, slacks, a button-down, and a blazer, figuring I'd likely be overdressed but not noticeably so, and better that than underdressed for sure. I sat down and was watching an old movie on TV I'd seen lots of times, while Anna got ready.
I hardly noticed her return, not expecting anything out of the ordinary, and didn't even look up until she said, "Well, I guess it's about time to leave, don't you think?"
I checked my watch - she was right as usual - and turned to see her standing there in a sundress I'd never seen - pale yellow, spaghetti straps, cut low enough to show some cleavage, buttons down the front, knee-length, and with a full skirt. She looked gorgeous - her hair up, and something of a glow about her. "Wow!" I said.
"I hope that's a good 'wow,'" she answered, and then "Like it?" as she twirled, showing that it had more thin straps criss-crossing along hooks (sort of like hiking boot hooks - if there's a name for them, I don't know it) from where they started at the bottom edge up to being tied in a bow at the top hem, showing about a 6" expanse of skin from there down to where it started, lower on her waist than you'd expect - low as in you'd find yourself looking to see if you could discern cleavage down there as well - and making it obvious to the most casual observer that there was no bra strap, either vertical or horizontal, to be seen. Thank Nature for summer, as well - no way that dress could be worn in the winter outside the house without the threat of hypothermia!
"Definitely a good 'wow'! I take it that's new, or you'd have heard me say it's a favorite already!" I said, getting up and going to give her a hug. I grabbed her ass while I was there, and it felt great, through the single layer of cloth, as I knew it would. "Does this mean . . .?" I ventured.
"I guess yes, it means I'm back to fulfilling that two months on weekends of trying harder to be better for you," she said, a bit shyly, not looking me in the face.
"You're already the best for me - don't ever forget that," I said, and we kissed, gently but as if we'd crossed a divide to get to each other and wanted not to let that go unnoticed.
I can't recall just what I had at the restaurant that evening - I was pretty much taken by her appearance and attitude, being reminded of why I had fallen for her years before and counting my lucky stars for her decision to resume the sexy weekend thing. She settled into the 'role' as well, becoming more and more relaxed, and more and more coquettish during the evening, maybe thanks to our splitting most of a bottle of wine and after she'd started with a Cosmopolitan (a daring move on her part, not being a hard liquor drinker). She was leaning over, letting me gaze at the cleavage, and we were both making subtle and not so subtle remarks about the food (the large T-bone(r) I had, the peach half in her salad, that sort of thing) and anything else that came up in conversation.
The waiter was enjoying her show as well, as he returned to check on us more often than we needed. She'd turn to him as well, and lean forward to hear him describe the next course or whatever, and was stroking the back of my calf with her bare foot simultaneously - letting me in on the joke, turning me on in the offing. He'd pause, his staring down her dress getting almost too obvious. At the end of the meal, he presented the bill and mentioned that the dessert was on the house, as appreciation of our patronage! She'd definitely made her mark on him (and I tipped him well)!
She was a bit tipsy as we left, and I welcomed needing to put my arm around her waist to make sure we navigated the tables exiting. As we got to the darkened parking lot, heading toward our car, I stepped behind her, bent, and ran my hand up the back of her legs, finding that (1) she didn't resist my groping her there, out in public, although no one seemed to be around, and (2) that she was bare-legged - not a surprise, but her legs seemed wonderfully soft and smooth, and (3) that she'd worn a thong - definitely a step out for her! I didn't even know she owned a thong, and there she was, keeping it her secret until I discovered it.
"Another wow for you," I said, stepping back beside her as we kept walking, but keeping my hand on her bare ass cheeks, her skirt raised up for anyone to see.
"Another good wow?" she asked, grinning.
"Oh yes, most definitely, a terrific wow!" I said, as we got to the car. I turned her to me, and, hand still on ass, kissed her deeply, tasting her tongue respond in kind. As we snogged, I heard a chuckle, and turned to see a couple, hand in hand, pass by us, proceeding further in the lot. They had obviously been behind us and we hadn't noticed, and they'd no doubt watched the whole show, seeing her buns exposed by my groping as well. I knew the guy could have cleared his throat or the woman done something likewise, but they had stayed silent and no doubt just enjoyed the show.
"Damn, it seems that every time you decide to expose yourself, there are people watching!" I whispered to Anna, as she was realizing what must have been a show for them. I opened the door and held her hand as she sat into the passenger seat, the skirt riding up, her legs looking great.
She giggled, "The things you make me show! I was fine until you raised my skirt, you know!"
"Now, how the hell am I supposed to drive out of here with a hard on?" I asked as I climbed into the driver's seat, exaggerating the difficulty.
"Well, I could take care of that right here," she said, reaching over and massaging what had started as a semi into a full blown erection. "But I'd rather wait 'til we get home!" And with that, she sat back, laughing a bit, thoroughly pleased with herself, it seemed - and thoroughly pleasing dirty old me, I assure you! Seatbelt fastened, she pulled her dress skirt up well above her knees, and said, "Home, Jeeves, and be quick about it! I don't want to dampen the upholstery!"
I managed not to get a speeding ticket as we made it back to our house, and we were barely inside the bedroom when she said, "Now, hands off - I don't want to get this dress all messed up!"
and I countered, "Well, then, you'll just have to let me watch you take it off!"
"In a minute - you put on some music," she said, and went off to the bathroom. I flipped on the clock radio to a classic, soft jazz station, lowered the volume, turned on enough light to see but to be generally dimly lit in the room, and waited. When she reemerged, I took my turn in there, admonishing her not to start anything without me, including unlacing that dress.
Fluid levels adjusted and teeth rebrushed, I returned. "Now, let me watch," I said, lying down on the bed.
She was still in that tipsy, having fun, being risqué mood, and asked, "OK, this thing loosens from front or back - which do you prefer?"
"Let's start with back," I said, tantalized by those criss-cross ties. She turned her back to me, reached up over her head and down her spine, and pulled the string on the bow as easily as if she could see what she was doing. Then, she turned her head and smiled at me, her body still facing away, and reaching both hands behind her, started to unlace the strings, bit by bit. If I hadn't been smitten by her years ago, I certainly would have been with that move.
The strings unlaced, she let them drop, and I could see the dress loosen, but stay up thanks to the shoulder straps. Sure enough, no bra, and none of those stick-on cups that I could tell. I got up and wrapped her in my arms from behind, then turned her to me, kissing, searching for and finding her tongue willing to duel.
"No, no," she laughed, squirming away from me. I played along, sitting back down on the bed for whatever was next in the show. She started swaying to the music, turning her back to me again, and as she swayed, she nudged the straps off her shoulders and let the dress drop, bit by bit. Loosened as it was, it could have slid right to the floor, but she was holding it up somehow, controlling the drop and hence the exposure. Bit by bit the cleft of her cheeks appeared, and then the dress cleared that, showing me her gorgeous ass keeping time to the soft jazz. There is no denying that there is something hereditary in the sway of a woman's ass - I could imagine cavemen across the eons seeing their women "present" with a sway of their hips, watching the bulbous orbs do their thing. It certainly stirred a deep response in me, and if I hadn't already been on the way to an erection, about a second of that sight would have been sufficient to kickstart that ancient male response.
Finally, the dress reached the carpet, and she kept swaying, her arms now entwined above her head, stretching her body and looking like something out of a Modigliani. I was mesmerized, to say the least. Then, knowing exactly what she was doing, she bent at the waist, straight-legged, and reached down, picking up the dress and holding it to her chest. She sauntered off to hang it up in her closet I supposed. During that brief bend, I was reminded of (1) how un-limber I am - no way I could bend with straight knees like that!, and (2) how gorgeous she was - yeah, I know, yet again - and what a tantalizing view that presented. The lighting prevented my catching much detail, but just for an instant, she was showing me her pressed-together pussy as it came into view, then disappeared again as she stood back up and walked away. I knew, but still relished seeing, that she'd shaved herself clean, and I thought that for sure there was moisture making the view glisten.
I stayed, glued to the edge of the bed, still dressed, and watched for her return. This time, she really did emulate the Venus, left hand over her pussy, right arm crossed over her breasts, holding the left one. She knew good and well that the tease was better at times than the flagrant flash, and she was definitely teasing. I sort of snapped out of it and started to get up, and she said, or as much as commanded, "Now, your turn!"
"Not until you show me yourself," I said, teasing back.
"OK, but you know I'm embarrassed by all this, right?"
"Why in the world would you be embarrassed?" I asked.
"Well, my breasts aren't what they used to be, for one."
"Your breasts are more beautiful today than they've ever been. They're not the breasts of a teenager, or even a twenty-something. They're a woman's breasts, and they have a rhythm, a fluidity that is denied to youth. I see that every time I see you naked, and every time, I'm reminded of how much beautiful you are today than when we met. So there, now drop 'em! "
And she did drop her hands, and those marvelous globes did sag a bit, but just a bit, and the weight in them was apparent, and my dick gave another surge that she was willing, in all her embarrassment, to share herself with me.
And so then, I figured I owed her. I'm about as good a male stripper as I am an astrophysicist. I thought for a moment about just rejecting the idea of stripping for her, then realized if she's going to be in a playful mood, and was willing to expose herself, I'll be damned if I'm going to ruin it by not playing along. "Suggestions are welcome," I said, struggling to my feet.
She plopped down on the bed and scooted up to the headboard, fluffing some pillows to be able to sit straight, and it appeared, ready to enjoy the show. Her breasts were bared, but she crossed her straight legs at the ankles, which reminded me of her having shaved, but concealed the treasure I was mightily after.
I stood, tried to let the Diana Krall on the radio enable some modicum of grace, knowing that was dreaming at least, but determined to be game about the whole thing. I shucked off my shoes, tried to pull off my socks as quickly as I could, tossing them out of the way, and started to sway myself, figuring it worked for her, maybe . . . I'd shed the blazer when we got home, so it was just slacks, shirt and boxer-briefs to go. In the pressure of the performance, I'd also lost whatever there was of an erection that had been enjoying her striptease. This was more embarrassment to me than come-on, but still...
I decided to play to my assets, which were about absent. I knew she loved me, and that our bodies enjoyed each other, but I was no Playgirl centerfold, and I knew that the things she'd occasionally mention on other attractive guys (pro basketball shoulders, proverbial 6-packs, Redford hair) were things that were not my real strengths. Talking dirty was something she'd never gone for, so I had no idea what words might work and stayed with silence.
What was left was trying to keep some mystery about it, and that's what she'd done so well moments before, with letting the dress slip down maddeningly slowly. I swayed just slightly, looked her straight in the eye, and slowly unbuckled my belt, then unclipped the trou, and let them drop. Not about to be fussy, I kicked them away and stood, knowing the shirttail was long enough to cover my privates and most of the underwear as well.
"Mmm. Looking good," she said, encouraging what I thought was my ridiculousness.
It did work, and I felt that at least I wasn't going in the wrong direction. The boxer briefs I wore were nylon and skin-tight, sort of like biker shorts, but shorter, with a slit, and with no butt padding - I hear the Brits call them "trunks" - go figure. Anyway, Turning, I raised up my shirttail and wagged my covered buns at her, trying to introduce some levity, since I was still convinced this couldn't turn on a sex-starved senior, much less my gorgeous wife.
She did laugh at that, and somehow that made me feel better, sort of a we're-in-this-together kind of thing. I turned back, facing her, and, shirt still on and buttoned to just short of the top, bent over, trying to reprise her move but facing her - no way I was going to flash my naked ass to her (I may not know much, but I know how pretty the male bare ass is not) - and pulled the briefs down and off, similarly kicking them away. Now I was clad only in the shirt, the front of it concealing my dick, but just barely.
Trying to imagine that she might actually be turned on in some way by all this, I unbuttoned the shirt cuffs, then the shirt, from top to bottom, button by button (how else, but I did it slowly, deliberately). The pressure, oh, the pressure. I was wishing I could manage at least a half-mast presentation to her when I got all the way done, but alas, I was embarrassed by the ersatz strip and as a result was just . . . damnedly normal . . . in size, that is. Which was not something Playgirl was going to be tracking me down about anytime soon. Let's be call it 3 inches at that time - sometimes it's more, sometimes less. Sigh.
I got down to the shirt tails unbuttoned, but held them to keep me covered, and finally, copying her, I turned my back to her and let the shirt fall. I was damned if I was going to moon her, though. So I did a deep knee bend, picked up the shirt, and did my best to saunter off to hang it up as well. Naked now, I kept copying, and covered my crotch with one hand, my chest with the other, returning.
She was laughing, I hoped not at me as much as in appreciation of my keen sense of humor reflecting my obvious high degree of intelligence. "Why are you covering up?" she asked.
"Well, why were you?" I answered, and dropped my hands, rolling onto the bed next to her. "It's not like we have many secrets after all this time, eh?"
"Well, no, I suppose not," she said, "but I'm always sensitive - embarrassed - regretful, I guess - that my boobs aren't as perky as they used to be. The older I get, the older they get - the injustice of the universe, dammit."
"Wait - you're thinking that those breasts aren't about the most gorgeous thing this side of the Eagle Nebula?!"
"Hardly, anyway, that nebula's more phallic than mammary, so . . ."
Then, the pause. Would she laugh again? I was a bit self-humiliated from having showcased my stupid naked dance skills, feeling totally vulnerable, and yet there she was, my wife, still naked and beautiful in every way I could think of.
"David," she said, quietly.
"Uh-huh?" I answered.,
"That may be about the most courageous thing I've ever actually seen you do. Come here, and let me try to show you how much I love you," she said.
I crawled up and met her in an embrace as she slinked down from the pillows, resting flat on the bed. As we hugged and then kissed, I felt the stirrings of my returning erection, and felt the wonder of the softness of her ass in my hand, and orally dueled with her tongue. She broke the embrace and slithered down to take my still mostly soft (hey, it's not like I'm an instantaneous 20-year-old anymore) cock in her mouth, the whole thing enveloped by wet warmth and soft enough to feel her tongue circling the head. Sucking determinedly at it, she pulled back, the head still in her mouth, and stretched me to my length, then down again, and soon I was hardening, and soon after, hard.
"My turn," I called to her, not wanting to let this culminate so soon. Flipping on my back, my hands found her ass (it was right where I'd left it), and pulled her up to straddle my face. She was sitting erect on my, her elbows supported on the top of the headboard, her thighs around my head, my tongue snaking upwards to find her slit well coated and delicious. I moved my fingers around her to hold her apart as I delved into her vagina, flirting with that perineum part between cunt and rectum, but not more than flirting, just planting the idea, then back to entering her as far as my tongue could. Oh, for a 6-inch tongue!
She didn't complain about my anatomical shortcoming, and I shifted to zero in on her clit, prompting murmurs from above of appreciation. Pretty soon, after some constant thrumming, her murmurs turned to gasps and the quiet screaming (yeah, I know, but that's how she does it) signaling her climax. I let her ride it out, then pulled her down, flipped her over, and fucked her lustily, missionary, until she came again, followed quickly by me. We lay together, catching breaths and slowing heart rates, and finally laughing about how I shouldn't give up my day job in hopes of becoming a male stripper.
"So," I said, sensing her good mood, "have you given any thought to a second bucket list item? It seems to me that our first round has been a net success - or at least it has been for me!"
"Well," she answered, tentatively, "I really have thought about it, and you know I'm not really all that turned on by porn, but I was sort of turned on seeing real people naked - you know, Derek and his girlfriend - out in the real world. So, if you're serious about it, I guess I'd like to see someone make love, not on video or some porn thing, but real people, really."
"Whew! That would be hot," I agreed. "Let me work on that one. And, while it wasn't what I had in mind, I think my next bucket list item would then have to be having someone out in that real world see us making love. How about that?"
"What?! Oh, I don't know about that!" she said, backing off the whole idea.
"Well, don't say no quite yet - just let me work on it. Don't worry - nothing will happen without your full consent, in advance. Ok?"
"Well, since I get a veto on that kind of thing, right?" she said.
I nodded.
"In that case, let me know what you have in mind, and I'll think about it."
And with that, we fell asleep, cuddling, and slept well indeed.
I let things ride for a while, knowing that I'd immediately come up with a plan as soon as she revealed her bucket list #2 item. Ah, Derek, the show-off. His attitude at the lake that night marked him as the kind of guy who'd love to go along with things. And he had a girlfriend who was at least willing to get naked in front of strangers.
Since he'd let me know where he worked, I dropped by that restaurant, which turned out to be not really close, but well known, and very upper crust. I was actually surprised that it was open, since it was about 5 p.m. when I got there. The place was all cloth table cloths and crystal, and was basically empty. I saw Derek standing by the bar, dressed in black on black, talking idly with a waitress. I asked the hostess for a table for one, in Derek's section if possible. She seated me in a booth, no one else around, and I waited.
Derek came by, introduced himself as Derek, set down a water for me, handed me the menu, and saying he'd be taking care of me. Little did he know just how. He didn't show any sign of recognizing me - not surprising considering it was Anna he was focused on that night on the beach.
"Derek, you don't remember me, do you." I said.
Looking at me more closely, he said, "not sure, should I?" trying to place me as a previous customer, no doubt.
"No worries. I'm David - you may recall a night out at the quarry, you and your girlfriend watching my wife and me skinny dipping, then chatting with us momentarily on the beach?"
"Oh, yes! That was you?!" he said, and immediately looked leery - was I pissed off about the whole thing, about to make a scene or worse?
"Yes, and it's fine. Anna and I found that we actually enjoyed all that nakedness, and we certainly have enjoyed recalling it since," I chuckled.
"Well, it was great for us, too! And, you probably noticed, I really enjoyed seeing your wife - uh, Anna, I guess. How've you been since then?"
"Oh, fine, but I've got a request that you can think about before answering, ok?"
"Sure, shoot."
"Anna and I would like to meet you and your girlfriend somewhere, private - not our home or yours - and, uh, be able to watch you two make love, and have you two watch us, ah, the same." There, I'd said it, and if I did say so myself, I did a pretty good job of getting it concise.
Derek sort of stood there for a minute, saying nothing. Then, "Let me get this right - we go, probably to a hotel someplace, and the four of us get it on, but only with our regular partners - no swapping, just watching?"
"Yep, that's about it."
"Wild. I've got to say, that's wild. And you say Anna is in favor of this?"
"Yep - not that it was easy convincing her that she might want to 'step out' a bit, but once she thought about it, she thinks this would be exciting, and harmless I'm sure."
"Well, I'm in. Absolutely. And you want Megan to be my partner? She's the lady at the beach. We've been together for about 5 years, and are pretty committed, so it would have to be her."
"That sounds good to me, and I think that the vibes between Megan and Anna were ok, and if it were to be someone else, I think Anna would want to meet her first, and all that. All in all, much easier if it's Megan, who's obviously gorgeous as well, from my perspective."
"Uh-huh, she is, and she sort of dug you, too. But if she says no, then?"
"Well, any of us, in our opinion, gets a veto for the whole event, at any time up to and during the event. If she says no, then we'll have to see, but let's not get too far ahead - are you willing to ask her, and if she's ok with it, you're ok with her doing it?"
"Oh yeah. She's her own woman, no doubt, so if she says yes, that's it, and I'm a definite yes."
"OK, then. Here's my cell phone number," I said, handing him a card with just my first name and the number on it - no need to exchange addresses or even last names at this stage, although I knew it would be easy enough to track each other down if we really wanted to.
"Cool, here's mine," he said, using his pen to scribble on a paper cocktail napkin.
"Give me a call when you and Megan have talked. And meanwhile, I'll take an order of whatever kind of stuff people get takeout of here."
"Got it. One order of the house squid ink pasta with scallops coming up - they'll do fine if you microwave them for about thirty seconds, stir and repeat."
"OK, thanks."
And with that, he walked away, and I nursed my water for about 5 minutes until he returned, the pasta in a shell container in a bag. I paid him in cash, well over the bill to cover a more generous tip than just takeout would involve, and left, mission accomplished.
It was three days later when he called. I hadn't said anything at all to Anna about anything related. "Sorry, it's been crazy - not a good time to talk," he said, then "But we finally discussed it last night, and she's in!"
"Great!" I said, and felt an adrenaline surge - this was going to happen! "Any hesitations or conditions?"
"Just a couple. She says she wants to know who you are, past first names. I guess she's seen too many slasher setup movies or something, and I think she wants to be comfortable that this is between respectable folks - no passing through town looking for a thrill kind of thing. That, and she wants to make sure there's no photography on either side - just a very private kind of thing."
"No problem with the privacy - I'll arrange it. Do you know the ... Resort? It's about an hour from here, up in the hills. Sort of isolated cabins or villas or whatever you'd call them. Two bedroom, big living space, kitchens, all that. They make it sound rustic, but the online photos make it look more upscale luxe. As for the names, let me talk with Anna. Maybe we can meet somewhere soon, the four of us, just for drinks and to chat or something?"
"Yeah, that would be good. OK, then, give me a call when you've talked with Anna, and we'll have drinks someplace."
"'Talk soon."
"Bye."
I wasted no time, cooking Anna a nice meal that evening, a Thursday, making sure her wine glass wasn't empty, and after, both of us in a pretty good mood, I thought - not a weekend, so no big sexy thing going on with Anna.
"What's up?" she asked, as I refilled her glass again.
"What do you mean?" I said, feigning ignorance.
"Come on - nice dinner, very nice wine, you refilling my glass over and now over - what is it?"
"OK, busted. You always know me so well," I answered. "I saw Derek the other day."
"Derek?"
"You remember - Derek from the beach that night - Derek with the, uh, equipment."
"Oh! He didn't remember you, did he?!" she said, looking scandalized.
"No, not at first, but then he did, and we had a nice chat."
"Oh, I'm embarrassed all over again!" Dang, I thought - not quite enough wine!
"Well, hear me out, ok? I thought that he and his girlfriend - turns out her name is Megan - would make the ideal couple for us to get our Bucket List items number 2 done with. He's good looking, seems like a nice enough guy, we don't really know him, but he's not a total stranger. Anyway, the conversation took that turn, and I asked him if he'd be interested. He's all for getting together to watch each other, but he needed to check with Megan, and she sounds like it might be ok, but she wants to meet us first on an asexual basis, just get to know if the vibes seem right, I guess, and she wants to know who we are, as in exchange real names, not go with some anonymous thing. I said I'd check with you. Oh yeah, and she insists on no recordings, no cameras or anything - just the four of us, and just watching." I stopped and waited for a reaction.
"Well, she sounds like she's both smart and wise," Anna said, noncommittally.
"So, I said that if you were ok with the conditions and with them, that I'd give him a call and we could meet somewhere for drinks and just to chat or something."
"I don't know - this is coming at me pretty fast. I'm not even sure right now why I agreed to that bucket thing anyway. Give me some time, ok?"
"Sure, babe. You know I don't want to force any of this on you. On the other hand, it does seem like a very low risk venture, with a high turn-on payback - but that's just my dirty old man mind - you think it through, and whatever you decide, it'll be fine with me." There, honorable enough? I just hoped I hadn't been so honorable that she'd take me up on it. Time would tell.
Fortunately, that time did pretty much fly, as the next morning, a Friday, and TGIF big time since we'd resumed this sexy weekend thing, I awoke to an empty bed but was soothed by the smell of coffee and the sounds of cooking going on. I did my usual getting up shower/shave/brush/etc. routine, and appeared in nothing but a towel around my waist, about 15 minutes later. Anna was in nothing but an apron, her bare ass on display, the sides of her lovely breasts peeking out, and as I nuzzled her from behind as she used tongs to turn some bacon, I could smell past the sizzling pig the wonderful vanilla scent that she used as body wash in the shower. Obviously, she got up while I slept, and was in the sexy weekend mode - mmm!
I nuzzled, fitting the growing lump in the front of my towel into the cleft of her ass, and slipped my hands under the apron to stroke at her vulva. She nudged me away, laughing, saying something about mixing hot grease with hot thoughts could be dangerous. I backed off, poured a cup of coffee, and just watched in admiration as she did her breakfast preparations.
She brought us each a plate of bacon and scrambled eggs with a toasted English muffin - butter and jam and utensils were already set. We sat across from each other at the kitchen island, and I chowed down - scrumptious!
She started, "David, I've been thinking as you suggested," I suggested? I thought I acquiesced - oh well, no matter. "and in for a penny and all that - let's go ahead and meet with Derek and Megan. I'm apprehensive, but there's really no reason not to do at least that, and it will give me more time to digest all of this, and who knows - I may even agree to it!"
Wow - that was fast. "Uh, ok, I'll give Derek a call and we'll set up something. Since he works in a restaurant, it's liable to be Monday or Tuesday by the time he gets a day off - I have no idea about that.
"Well, just let me know." And with that, we finished breakfast, then each other in bed - I'll skip those details, but it was all fresh and morning and wonderful.
Duly called, Derek agreed to meeting on Monday evening at an English pub kind of place. I expected it to be pretty empty, but didn't count on Monday night sports, so when we arrived, the TVs were blasting away. I looked around, and found Derek and Megan sitting in a booth in the far end of things. Like us, they were dressed pretty innocuously, nothing I can even recall. We were all in a fairly quiet section and pretty secluded, so ideal for conversation. I signaled to Anna to join me, and as she approached, I introduced, "Hi, you're Megan, I'm David, this is Anna, and of course we know Derek."
"Hello again, nice to see you," Megan said, seeming not at all uncomfortable with things.
Anna sat down across from Megan, and I said to Derek, "Let's go get some drinks from the bar - likely the wait staff is busy enough."
Derek accompanied me, and we walked back up front, leaving the women alone. I think we both knew that would need to be part of this, and we took our time ordering drinks - wine for the ladies, scotch for us - and spent some more time watching the game on TV. Finally, we headed back, maybe 10 or 15 minutes later. I worried that Anna would feel deserted, but when we saw the booth, the girls were laughing conspiratorially, having quite a good time of it!
We set down the wines - waters for four had appeared, so the wait staff had been by, obviously.
"What's so funny?" I asked, wanting in on the fun.
"Oh, nothing much!" Anna chirped, eliciting another giggle from Megan.
"Well, glad you're enjoying nothing much!" Derek laughed.
"Oh, we've been doing that all right!" Megan's turn to joke, and Anna's to laugh.
The evening calmed down a bit after that, but we all got along, managing to finish our drinks and another round and some appetizers the ladies had ordered in our absence. Sex wasn't discussed, but the air seemed thick with the idea. After the obligatory ladies trip to the facilities together, we all got up to leave. Derek managed to swipe the bill and claim it as his, allowing me to cover the tip, and we went our separate ways at the door, exchanging hugs and cheek kisses with other-gender partners as we left.
In the car, I couldn't wait - "Well?"
"Well what?" Anna asked, teasing, knowing full well what.
"Well, do you think we should go ahead with getting together to be, ah, intimate, or rather to watch each other get that way?"
"I won't keep you in suspense - I really like her, and Derek's not nearly as full of himself as he seemed when we had that naked standoff thing at the lake. And they're both physically gorgeous, so yes, I'd really be interested to see just how they make love, and if I'm ever going to let someone else see us do that, I think we'll never find a better couple than they are. Happy?"
"Happy doesn't begin," I said, grinning. "I'll make the reservations - did you talk to her about when?"
"Not really - we figured you guys could take care of the details - we'd provide the beauty," and she laughed at that.
"Is that what was so funny there when Derek and I got back with the drinks?"
"Oh, that. No, we were just swapping stories about you guys. I told her that you're a little worried, since Derek seems to be outsizing you in the genital endowment department, and she told me that he's a little worried that he won't last very long - apparently he didn't with her when they first started, and while he's gotten better, he's freaking that he thinks this is a really hot idea that he might regress, blast off in the first two minutes, and disappoint us as well as embarrassing himself and letting Megan down. We just thought it was funny that both of you guys, catches that you are, are so insecure, and were riffing on teasing you two about your particular worries. Then you came back. I don't think she's mean at all, so it's not something we'll do - just something to joke about between us girls. We didn't get into what we might be worrying about ourselves."
"You're worried? About what?"
"Oh, she's a lot prettier than I am, for one. For another, she's younger. I figure both you and Derek are going to be all hot over her, and I'm going to be along for the ride."
"You're shitting me, right?"
"No, not really," she said, quietly. I knew she was very serious about this part.
"Well, for one, we're going to be together, watching them, while they're together, watching us. That doesn't feed into your scenario. And besides, you're way ahead of her in the looks department, and that age thing is an advantage, not a shortcoming. Women just keep getting better, or that's the case in my opinion, something verified by every bit of my experience, and capped with you, being the oldest woman I'd bedded when we first met, and corroborated with every passing year since then. And from the quickness that Derek went for this when I first talked to him, he's definitely got the hots for you. My worry is that you'll just want to trade me in when you see him in action!"
"No way, mister. I gotcha and I'm keepin' ya," she laughed, breaking the serious spell, and relieving the pressure.
-------
I did call, the next day, and made reservations at the resort I had in mind. I checked our calendar, gave Derek another call to confirm they were ok with that timing - it was two weeks away, on a Monday night when Derek didn't have to work, and I knew and he confirmed that it was good timing for the ladies.
The following weekend - a week and a couple of days to go - Anna had her period and I steered clear - she just doesn't like messing around then, although she knows I wouldn't mind and that sometimes I'd really like to. That took us to the weekend before, and she informed me that she wanted to defer our usual weekend playtime until the Monday event, leaving me, and I hoped her horny as hell when the day arrived.
I packed my stuff, aiming at casual but high quality slacks/shirt/shoes stuff. After Anna had packed, she was puttering in the kitchen, and I snuck into her closet and confirmed that her best lingerie and the yellow sundress were not in their usual places - I figured they were packed and looked forward even more!
We drove up to the resort, checked in, got our keys, and declined the offered walkaround - we were only there for a night, the pool and restaurant were obvious, and the riding I was planning on was not going to be horseback. We did tell them we'd be joined by friends, the ...'s, and they assured us they'd greet them when they got there. Repositioning the car to outside the cabin, we took our light luggage and took a look around.
The cabin - was furnished in upscale hotel - two ample queen beds in the larger bedroom, a single king in the smaller, each with its own bath . Nice sitting room couch and chairs, an electric kitchen with fridge, microwave, range/oven, a deck with rocking chairs that looked out onto a range of hills, and unless we'd known otherwise, the impression of not another soul for miles - perfect! While Anna unpacked our clothes in the king room (I think figuring we might want to retreat to there for privacy, since the 2 queen room looked more likely for the main event), I hauled in the box of wine/scotch/beer and a bag of grocery items we thought could be good for snacking.
We had put everything away and were just opening a bottle of wine, when Derek and Megan arrived.
They, too, had a light suitcase. Casual in jeans and a t-shirt, Derek looked slim and young. Megan was in shorts and a white shirt - clean, scrubbed look, and with her model's body, made that look stylish indeed. Megan and Anna immediately hugged like old girlfriends. Derek and I did the man-greet thing, then Derek and Anna, Megan and I shared brief, a bit awkward hugs. I showed Derek to the 2-queen bedroom, not mentioning our having taken dibs on the single king room already, and not knowing how things might turn out. I left him there, unpacking, and returned to the kitchen to find Anna and Megan already sharing the wine. I busied myself breaking out some cheese and crackers, roast beef slices, toasts and mustard. Duly arranged, I poured a glass of scotch on ice for myself, and as Derek joined us then, one for him as well.
After some chitchat, and probably with none of us wanting to be too blatant about our whole purpose of being there, we agreed to explore then dine in the resort restaurant, so quick phone reservations made, we split to shower and change. Derek and I emerged first, no doubt the more efficient sequence, time-wise, for each couple. We laughed at each other, both in sockless deck shoes, nicer-than-chino tan slacks, and light blue shirts - mine oxford button down, his a polo shirt. We complimented each other on our taste in colors and shared a scotch while we waited.
Anna came out next, in that favorite yellow sundress. "Another wow, my dear!" I said, sincerely taken by how wonderful she looked. Derek took in the view and was visibly impressed as well.
Finally, Megan came out, and didn't disappoint, dressed in a simple but alluring wraparound jersey dress. The style said, 'undo this tied belt and see if it all opens up!' The material said, 'soft, c'mon, feel how sensuous I am,' and was thin enough that her nipples were making appropriate indentations, and reminding me of the modest breasts I'd seen that night at the lake shore.
Anna's dress didn't have that soft, thin thing going, but the back straps made it obvious to the observing male that she was similarly braless. Both women looked great. They also smelled great - Anna in some kind of vanilla scent that she knows I love and associate with her being sexy. At a later moment, we shared hugs momentarily, and I recall Megan's aura was something dark and musky, unknown label, but definitely sent an olfactory signal - one I suspected Derek appreciated.
Derek and I were both nondescript compared to the women - no surprise - but I noted that neither of us wore socks with our footwear - convenient for quick shedding of coverings as well as inhibitions.
Dinner was fine, but I'll admit I don't recall just what we had. I think it was on the light side - no steaks and potatoes for any of us.
Obligatory food done, we returned to our cabin, and I broke out the wine all around. Not sure just what to do next, I tried, "A toast!" That seemed to be a good idea, and the other 3 raised their glasses.
"My favorite from Yeats," I continued, turning and raising my glass to Anna, "Drink comes in at the mouth, love comes in at the eye. This is all the truth we know before we die. I lift my glass to my mouth, I look at you and sigh." She'd heard this one before, but still beamed as she heard it. We all drank, and as I looked around, Megan gave me a raised eyebrow appraisal, as if a "there's more to you than meets the eye" kind of thing. Misinterpreted or not, I took it as a compliment. Derek just looked a blank, but sipped his drink and seemed ok, if a bit confused by the idea.
A heavy silence followed - obviously, my attempt to get things going had fizzled. Finally, Anna spoke up, "Well, isn't someone going to, ah, I don't know, ah . . . "
"Do something?" I filled in for her.
"Well, we know what we're here for," Derek said, just this side of being offensive, "so how about if each couple grabs a bed, and we get things moving?" He took Megan by the hand and headed for their room. I took a suddenly frightened looking Anna by the hand and we followed. Standing at the foot of the bed, I embraced her and whispered, "It'll be ok, just go with it, ok?"
She was stiff in my arms, but Derek and Megan had followed, and they both shucked off shoes, then stood bedside and started stripping each other, thank goodness. I turned Anna so that we were watching the other two get going, wrapped my arms around her waist from behind, and let things develop.
Derek was quicker than Megan, pulling his shirt over his head and dropping his trousers easily. In a moment, he was standing naked. He managed, subtlely but intentionally I thought, to turn then and show himself full frontal to Anna, reminding her. Then after only a second, he bent to unzip Megan's shorts as she was working on the last buttons on her shirt. Neither of them seemed shy, and I reckoned there was no reason to, as we'd all seen each other's altogethers out at the lake that evening. As she wriggled her hips, Derek pulled the shorts down, leaving her in skimpy panties, which he unceremoniously pulled down next. I took an appreciative long look.
Megan's nakedness reminded me again of my first sight of her, and I took note in the better light that the mark on her hip was indeed a tattoo, a small symbol of some sort, likely Chinese calligraphy or something - I wondered what it signified, but was more taken with her Brazilian wax job (or what I call a Brazilian - small landing strip left at the top, nothing else). I wondered, why not go all the way with it (like Anna had), but what do I know about women's fashions? She was a couple of inches taller than Anna, maybe 5'6" or so, and what I'd call svelte - no excess fat anywhere, and that rendered her hips slim with a nice but not voluptuous ass, and breasts that were an A, maybe a scant B - just a bit of swell, really, with hard, small, and inviting nipples. They had that hard, twenty-something firmness to them, as had Anna's when we met - more on that in a bit. A nice package, but one that reminded me of my good fortune in being with Anna, with her mature C cups and generous ass. Anna was probably jealous of Megan, I realized, but in my opinion, with no reason at all.
"Your turn," Derek said, grinning, and watching Anna. I stepped back and shed all my clothes quickly, realizing my tumescence and hoping Megan wouldn't be reminded of some disappointment in that. Then I nudged Anna a step forward and quickly undid the criss-cross ties of her dress. She didn't resist, but she didn't help as I pulled the other straps from her shoulders and tugged the dress down to the floor.
Anna reflexively bent one knee inward and crossed her arms over breast, her hands holding most of each in turn, and each overflowing as I knew they would. Her breasts were definitely too much for her small hands, and their grown, post-children personalities were hardly those twenty-something hard tissue repositories I'd first experienced when we met. Frankly, I'd known them in various guises, from young woman firmness to milk-filled globes lined with lovely veins and bursting to be relieved, to my now-favorites, the current, all woman versions, still sensitive and appreciative of attention, but innocent in practically no way at all, having had my cock between them, my tongue and mouth over every inch many times. I loved the way they swayed when she was on top, astride me, fucking steadily, and I loved their appearance in the tank tops that were about my favorites - no shelf bra, wonderful fluid movement enhanced with every movement. She seemed to like them less than I, not talking about it very often, but occasionally bemoaning that they weren't like Whew.
Back to the story, her posture was very Botticellian in her embarrassment. Probably too embarrassed to cover herself, given the circumstances, she was still trying to hide in her own way. I gently took her by the elbow, turned her to me, and embraced her, finding her mouth familiarly soft and yielding, but hardly eager. I edged her over to the bed, and said over my shoulder to Derek, "How about if you guys take the first shift?" trying for some kind of levity, failing.
Derek was fine with that, though, and Megan seemed fine with it as well, almost blasé about it, in fact. He tugged her down onto the bed on top of him, and held her ass cheeks firm in both hands as they kissed. She smiled, enigmatically I thought, and started a trail of kisses down his body, as he scooted up toward the headboard, propping his head and shoulders on pillows, no doubt so he could watch. Somehow, he'd managed to stay pretty soft so far, and it made it even better, I thought, for Anna to see the whole process. Megan lay between his legs, her knees bent, her heels hovering over her ass, playfully. She took the soft thing in her hand, swept her hair out of the way so we, and Derek, had clear views, and licked it from base to tip.
It didn't appear to change things, although David did moan in appreciation. I started to wonder if his problem might turn into impotence rather than premature ejaculation. I knew for sure that I'd be hard if Anna, or if Megan, had taken such deliberate time with me, and I realized that my own dick was already hard, just from seeing all this. Then she took the whole thing in her mouth, burrowing her nose into his sparse pubic hair, and no doubt doing who knows what with her tongue. After maybe 30 seconds of that, she slowly pulled back, and it was like some magic act - what had been about 3 suitably thick inches going in, had turned into five, going on six, coming back out, glistening with her saliva.
Megan gave a grin at her effect and looked over at us, doing a Cheshire Cat thing. Then she went back to work, bobbing her head slowly, letting his cock almost all the way out on some strokes, all the way on others, licking at the head when exposed, and slowly jacking his shaft with one hand, while her other rolled his balls. Nice work, I thought - takes her (blow) job seriously!
Derek watched her as she performed, smiling himself now, no confidence issues there! He looked over in our direction, obviously ignoring me, but wanting to catch Anna's eye. Anna, meantime, seemed mesmerized by the action.
Anna and I were lying on the other bed, maybe six feet away. I was behind her, my dick nestled in the warmth of her ass cheeks, each of us propped up on an elbow to watch, my free hand cupping her breast from behind, almost casually.. "Want to see up close?" I whispered to Anna. "This is a bucket, you might as well fill it."
I wondered if Anna had even heard me, she seemed so focused on the other two. "C'mon," I said, getting up and taking her hand to pull her with me. As we got up, Derek shifted around and pulled Megan into a 69 position, himself beneath her. She kept at her task. We walked to the foot of their bed and watched. He pulled her ass cheeks apart, her rosebud exposed and obscene. Still watching Anna, Derek stuck out his tongue and licked Megan's slit, showing us its glistening, then went to work, and we could no longer really tell what he was doing, except that Megan was humming, or moaning, in appreciation, which no doubt lent a nice dimension to the blowjob she was performing. We went back up and Anna knelt next to the bed, watching Derek's cock go in and out of Megan's welcoming mouth. I was amazed that she could accept as much of it as she did.
Soon, they shifted again, and Derek took the classic missionary position, not penetrating Megan, but raised up and ready. "I might need some help here," he said to Anna, and I realized he wanted her to take his cock and put it into Megan. I wasn't sure how Anna would take that - hell, I wasn't sure just how I felt about it myself. Megan, apparently, didn't get what was going on, since she reached down, grabbed him, and pulled him into her without further ado.
The wet cockhead met the wet vagina and slipped in as we watched from the bedside, best ringside seats ever for watching a fuck. Anna's lips were parted, as she breathed pretty deeply through her mouth, watching the impaling going on. When Derek pulled back after the first stroke, that went about half-way in, we could see Megan's cunt walls clinging to him - it looked a bit like he was going to pull her inside out. Then he pushed in again and went balls deep. She sighed happily, and her heels rose up to clutch his buns to her. They started fucking earnestly, and we kept watching as Derek's face was buried in the nape of her neck, his torso held just above hers, her fingers grasping his shoulders, her breasts heaving, the nipples erect. It didn't take long before he started really ramming home, and we could tell she was racing to finish before he did. "I'm close!" she cried out, then "Yesssss!!" and she started coming, which brought him over the edge as well. He gave a couple of extra strong rams, so hard I wondered that it had to be painful, despite her not showing that, then he pretty much collapsed.
They lay there, catching their breaths for a bit, then Derek rolled off, his cock glistening but deflating. Megan lay there, her legs apart, and Anna moved back to the foot of the bed, with me following. Anna and I could see a bit of whitish semen seeping out of Megan's wet gash that was still pretty much open, the tunnel not yet closed, but certainly narrower than Derek's cock had it moments before. Derek lay there, his chest heaving, his cock heavy, but soft now, with more semen leaking out of it.
The whole episode had only taken about 10 minutes - I was amazed at how quickly it had gone, but it certainly checked all the big blocks in Anna's bucket list, I was sure of that.
"Hey," I said softly to Anna. "That was pretty amazing - want to take our turn?"
Not waiting for an answer, and worried that Anna might have a flash of embarrassment and back out, I took her hand and led her to our bed, guiding her to lie down on her back. I climbed between her legs and took my time, my tongue leading up the length of her cunt. I didn't need to penetrate it to find it was wet with her arousal, and I relished the familiar taste of her. Watching her as I dined, I feasted on her pussy, wanting to bring her to a quick orgasm that way without much preliminary. She was apparently ready, but rather than watching me watching her as we usually did in that position - I love the change in her eyes as she gets more and more excited - she had her eyes closed, tightly, likely shy in Derek and Megan's presence, although they were still in recovery on their own bed.
I could see her nipples engorged and pointing, and reached up to work on them with my hands while I tongued her. She arched a bit more at that, and moaned, which brought Derek and Megan off the other bed to watch more closely. As I lapped at Ann's clitoris, I could see the other two standing close by, Derek's arm casually around Megan, his cock hanging down, long and relaxed.
Ann started giving all the indications of impending orgasm, her eyes still tightly shut, her moans guiding my speed and intensity. I knew she liked me to explore a bit before settling in, so I took my time, nibbling and tonguing my way around her majora and minora, and finally, inevitably, working my way up to her clitoris. When I finally got there, my quick tongue swipe elicited a welcome jerk and tiny cry from her. I pulled my hands down to under her hips to grab the cheeks of her ass, massaging them.
Looking up as I feasted, I saw Megan watching Anna intently, and noticed her hand was now stroking Derek's cock, which was recovering - not yet at full mast, but about half way there, and no doubt that he was enjoying it from the slight humping of his hips in time with her strokes. Looking up at him, he was also watching Anna, as she arched her back, now massaging her breasts with her own hands, squeezing the nipples.
As I intensified the tonguing, I shifted into what I knew would be the home stretch. Gripping her ass, I began flicking and then circling Anna's clitoris faster and faster, watching her again for her reaction. I could hear her moaning beginning, a sure sign of impending orgasm, and I changed to lapping at her clit, increasing the pressure, keeping the pace steady.
Just as she was about to come, she raised her arms over her head and grasped the pillow, and at the moment of truth, I was amazed to see Megan reach down, letting Derek's now-hard cock bob free, and cover Anna's breasts with her own hands. She took the nipples in her hands and appeared to be pinching, harder than I would have thought a good idea. Anna's eyes shot open, just as she cried out and came, hard, her thighs gripping my head, her hips thrusting, "Ahhhh!! Ahhh!! Eeeaaaggghhhh!!" or however an orgasm is spelled when it's vocalized.
I kept tonguing, and kept watching, expecting Anna to push Megan away in her panic of realizing what had happened, but Megan kept on, massaging, but gentler now, calming Anna, now stroking her brow, saying, "That was amazing - you're so beautiful," very calmly. Then, before anyone could wither object or agree, she backed off, letting Anna lie there in her recovery.
I, in turn, was ready for my turn. My erection had lagged just a bit, from concentrating on getting Anna over the first hurdle. I crawled up, knelt between her legs, looped my hands under her knees, and pulled her down toward me. She had closed her eyes again, but now looked at me, recognizing this familiar maneuver, and gave me a "Are we really doing this?!" look, a mix of worry and surprise and resignation, or so I interpreted it.
Assuming a kneeling kind of pushup position between her legs, my hands resting outside her arms which she'd crossed over her breasts at some point, I pushed forward, expecting and not being surprised that I didn't make entry, but pressed above her opening. It felt good, and I slid up and back, enjoying the lubrication, but that wasn't my goal. Pressing again, and missing again, I was making it pretty obvious to her that I'd need some guidance - guidance I wanted more than needed. I knew that when this happened between us, she'd reach down and guide me in, but I also knew that with an audience, that might be too embarrassing. It's one thing to lie still and get fucked - it's another to overtly assist in the process. And I wanted her to join in, not just lie back.
Finally, she looked up at me, saw me smiling, and I knew she knew what I was up to. "Oh yeah?" seemed to be her response, as she reached down, grasped my mostly hard cock, and pulled at it, eliciting both growth and a moan of pleasure from me. After two more pulls, she indeed did place the head of it at the goal, and I pushed again, sliding not quite effortlessly, but not with difficulty, into her.
I wasn't surprised she was wet - after all, I'd left enough saliva there to accomplish the mission. I was a bit surprised, happily so, to feel that wonderful oily lubrication that I knew was her, not me. She was primed, whether by the watching Derek and Megan or by the cunnilingus - I didn't know or care. I started to fuck her steadily, and she wrapped her arms around my shoulders, dug her heels into my buns, and fucked back. She knows that her kisses drive me crazy, and she lip locked onto me as we fucked, her tongue invading me as my cock invaded her. I started fucking harder, and she fucked right back, giving the early signs of another climax. Recognizing that, I kept upping the ante, both in timing and in force, and soon she was keening through another orgasm, seemingly oblivious to our audience or to me or anything but her body's convulsive waves.
I held on through her coming and eased her back down to earth, then flipped her over. She knew again how our repertoire went, and she quickly got onto her knees, baring her back side to me. I looked down and saw my now fully hard dick, glistening with her juices, and her cunt, reddened and shining. I looked over and saw Megan watching as well, in fact watching my cock, or so I thought - maybe she was watching Anna, in light of her breast play a bit earlier. Derek was clearly watching Anna, and had moved over to slightly behind me for the view. Anna's pussy was blatantly spread, and I took her ass globes in my hands and spread them even wider, exposing her tight anus to the cool hotel air. She shuddered, maybe in realization of her exposure, maybe in anticipation of what was coming.
After some seconds of making sure our audience had its fill of the view, as did I, I used my own hand this time to aim and impale Anna again, sliding all the way in one thrust. She audibly gave an intake of air, and I started fucking again, but slowly. Leaning over her, I used one arm to brace myself, freeing the other hand to grab her breasts, one at a time, almost milking them, and tweaking the nipples. She moaned in appreciation, and then I raised up and started fucking in earnest. Holding those ass cheeks apart and pulling her hips to me with each stroke, I rammed home, and soon she climbed up and over yet another orgasmic peak, crying out, then collapsing forward in exhaustion from it. If I hadn't been so familiar with her, I'm sure I'd have fallen out, but I recognized the maneuver and hung in there, my cock still in (but barely so) as she laid prone on the bed. I reached under her then and used the head of my dick to massage her clit, which, as I expected, launched her back up, before she'd recovered from the previous, and over in her fourth orgasm of the evening. That was far from a record for us, but probably was a record considering we'd been at it for such a short time.
I raised up off Anna just enough to let her breathe more easily, and in the process I did slip out. Anna gave a quiet whimper of farewell or something, but mainly just lay there, her breathing returning to normal bit by bit.
"Seems everyone's had a turn but you," she said, smiling across her shoulder at me. "Care to take a break from all the work?"
"Hardly work," I answered, but rolled off and laid back myself, my cock still hard, sort of bobbing up and down in its frustration.
"Here, let me," Anna said, and of all the surprises that evening, she might have set the record by scooting down between my legs, bending over, and sucking me into her mouth! My conservative Anna, who was so recently mortified to be caught skinny dipping at night, now had stood in awe only a foot from two people fucking, and had gotten fucked, and had her pussy exposed, even cried out in her orgasm in front of two almost strangers, and now was going to suck my cock, something that happened maybe a couple of times a year for us. I do love cunnilingus and love it often with Anna. I don't miss frequent fellatio, but when it happens only occasionally, it's even more special. And now, with an audience, I knew I was having a record-setting experience.
I watched Anna, still naked, as her breasts swayed with her movements, those breasts she thinks aren't firm enough anymore and which I know are just plain wondrous. She took her time, and after a short while sat back on her haunches, breasts on full display without embarrassment now, and with one hand jacked me, with the other rolling my balls gently.
She knows all my buttons, and proceeded to press yet another one, as she looked at Megan and said, "He's got such a great cock, don't you think?"
"Yeah, I think they've both got great cocks though," Megan answered, as I looked over and saw that she was again stroking Derek and that he was fully hard again, in my mind dwarfing me while in reality only by an inch or maybe an inch plus - enough to tell, though.
"Mmm-hmm. I can see that Derek has a nice one, too. Maybe a little bit too big to manage this, though," Anna said, and with that, bent over and sucked me all the way down to my belly - where she put it, I have no idea, but she didn't gag, just sucked it down. Rising back up, she looked over and grinned at Megan, then at Derek, and then down at me. So much for my shy, retiring wife.
"I think it's about time you caught up," she said, and eased back to lying between my legs, then gently, oh so gently, sucking one ball, then the other into her mouth, tonguing them caressingly. Then she licked from my perineum up to the cock head opening and back down, then started thrumming with her tongue along the underside ridge (now on top as I lay back), right below the crown - frenulum city! Finally, she went back to jacking me, rolling the balls, jacking more firmly, her finger circling over the tip, spreading both my and her fluids, lubricating even more, and soon I felt my own coming on its way.
I've had almost excruciating orgasms at one time or another over the years, and this wasn't one of them, but it was one of the very most memorable, and was wonderful . As I felt the fluid surge up, I watched Anna watching for it, since she could feel the sudden extra hardness and pulsation. She let the first spurt fly, pretty much straight up, landing who knows where, as she covered my cock then and took the rest of the pulses in her mouth, sucking mightily as I pumped. Finally, spend and shrinking, she pulled up, showed me a generous amount of it still in her mouth, and very deliberately swallowed, then leaned down to kiss me. I could taste something different, and it was obvious what it was, but it didn't matter as we shared that kiss with a far deeper intimacy than an observer could have known.
We were pulled out of that reverie by Derek clapping softly in appreciation. I was still breathing hard, and Anna giggled in thanks for our audience. Megan just stared at Anna with bright eyes. I remembered that Megan had taken the opportunity to grope Anna's breasts, and wondered if there were more on her own bucket list involving Anna that had not been explicit quite yet.
I finally crawled out of bed, took Anna's hand, and led her out, to our own bedroom. Our shared thoughts later that night and the next morning would, of course, constitute yet another bucket item, but that will need to be another story, maybe. I'm hoping to have Anna tell that one.