It was with great anticipation that Joey got into her car. Even though they had been communicating, flirting, and sexting for the past eight years, she and Jason hadn't physically been together for almost seventeen years. A lot had happened since that whirlwind romance and she could still see his smile, feel his touch, and remember the way he kissed her. Those feelings never died.
Joey had been married to Avery for about 8 years when she started having dreams about Jason and started seeing things around town that reminded her of him. She finally took the hint and reached out to him through social media. It started with a simple, "Hi." A month later they both realised those feelings from all those years ago never really died, from either end. They wanted to try to meet up, but living in different states and financial hardships made that an impossibility.
Even though Joey and Avery had been part of the lifestyle, she wasn't quite sure he would understand her reaching out to Jason. About a month into this Avery happened to stumble across some of the messages that were sent back and forth. At first, he was angry, but over time he came to realize that she wouldn't leave him, but he also learned to accept that these feelings for Jason wouldn't go away. They ventured into the world of polyamory. Some partners were shared, and some weren't. There were even a few virtual threesomes with Jason. At one point Avery asked who was the better sex partner between the two of them. She told him that sex, in general, was better with him, but when it came down to who could eat her pussy better, it was Jason. Avery took that as a challenge and asked what Jason did that was different. She couldn't pinpoint it, but she tried to explain her reactions and how they differed. Guess whose pussy licking got better! They were now on par.
She started having fantasies about the two of them having a pussy eating contest and she was the only recipient. She'd probably die, but that would be a hell of a way to go. Then Avery started working nights and their sex life suffered. Sex was becoming routine. She would blow him until he was on the verge of cumming and then he would fuck her. Don't get her wrong, she would still have two to three orgasms before he came, but it wasn't mind-blowing, soak the sheets animal fucking that it once was. Jason's sex life was becoming non-existent. This just made them want each other that much more. That's when they set their plans in motion which all led up to today.
She looked around her and realized she was approaching the airport. She found a parking space, looked at the clock on her screen and noticed she had 45 minutes before his flight arrived. She decided to go a little further back and remember the weekends with Jason back in their army days. Water parks and roller coasters. Long lines were spent making out and in each other's arms. Then there was the shower in the family restroom, holy fuck. They went in, locked the door and their hands were all over each other. They couldn't get their clothes off fast enough. Once she pulled down his trunks she just kind of stopped and stared.
How was she supposed to manage a cock that was pushing nine inches long and had almost two inches in girth? Jason just guided her towards the bench in the shower and had her sit down. He got down on his knees and she wasn't sure what he did, but nobody had ever eaten her pussy like that. She slid back and forth along the bench, stood up, and ended up on the floor and he just hooked his arms around her legs and held onto her. She ended up light-headed and he gave her a breather. Once she caught her breath she had him sit down and started stroking that huge cock of his. She was looking at it, trying to figure out how she was going to give him a proper blowjob. She tried to put it in her mouth, but couldn't get any more than the head, so she sucked on that while stroking the rest of it. She didn't feel like she was accomplishing much, so she decided to try another angle, but didn't stop stroking. That was when his hot sticky cum started flowing out. So, she did the only thing left to do, she used her tongue and cleaned it up.
She hated the term "making love." It just sounded weird and awkward on her tongue, but the first time they had sex, that's exactly what it was. They slowly took each other's clothes off, never stopped caressing, never stopped kissing. Once they were on the bed, she climbed on top and started rubbing his cock with her clit. She always had issues being on top and he knew this, so he didn't try to slide in no matter how much he wanted to. At this point, she couldn't hold back. "Jason, I think I love you."
Without missing a beat, "I think I love you, too."
She went back to kissing him and the emotion in that kiss made her realize, "Nope, not enough, I love you."
Again, without missing a beat, "I love you, too." He turned her over and reached for the condom.
"Due to your size, don't slide in slowly, it'll just hurt the whole time." There was the initial shock of his size inside of her, this was the biggest she had ever had. He was in as far as he could go and still had a good two or three inches that wouldn't go in. "Your cock is amazing, but there is a point where it is hurting."
"Okay, let me know at what point it starts to hurt." Inch-by-inch he slid inside. Then he reached her limit.
"There." Once he knew how far he could go in without hurting her, he stopped right before that point and it never hurt again. She lost count of how many times she came. She never wanted that night to end, but at least they got to fall asleep in each other's arms.
As she came out of her revelry she could feel how wet her pussy was and feel the ache in her chest that told her she still missed him and was still in love with him after all these years. She had worn booty shorts for this trip and she wore them for a reason. She took them off and placed them along with her panties onto the passenger seat. She propped one leg up on the dash, used her left hand to open up her pussy lips and could barely manage due to how wet and slippery they were. Once she started rubbing her clit it didn't take long before she could feel her orgasm starting to build in her nipples, she could feel how hard those were getting. The tingling started working its way up and around and then centered on her clit. At that point, she let out a loud moan and gushed onto the seat and floorboard. As she was basking in the post-orgasmic glow she could feel her pussy clenching and release, what Avery called winking. She looked around her to see if anybody had noticed the little bit of fun she had. She couldn't see anyone, so she grabbed her panties and shorts and put them back on. She got out of her car and started heading toward baggage claim.
Once she got to baggage claim she saw him. Her heart started racing, her pussy started throbbing all over again, and there didn't seem to be enough air in the room. She walked over to him and as he leaned over to grab his luggage, she grabbed his ass and put her fingers in his mouth. Somehow he managed to grab his suitcase with one hand while pulling her into a kiss that made her feel every emotion of the past 17 years. She managed to pull back and said, "Follow me." She found a semi-private corner and pulled her shorts and panties to the side. He looked down like a starving man, got down on his knees and started eating her pussy like it was the last time he would ever be able to again.
She put one leg over his shoulder so he could have an easier time, but also she needed the support. It took everything in her to not scream out. How the fuck did he get even better at this?! He slipped two fingers into her pussy and finger fucked her while his tongue explored every nook and cranny around her clit and lips. Her knees started shaking so he grabbed her ass and other leg to help her stay up. It wasn't long before she was cumming and squirting all over his mouth and face. Some of it even dripped down his chest and there was a sizeable puddle on the floor. He pulled back, looked up at her, smiled, and just said, "I miss making you do that."
"Me, too, but now it's my turn." She pulled him up, pushed him against the wall and started nibbling his neck while unfastening his pants. Right before her eyes was the cock she had been dreaming and fantasizing about. It was her turn to get on her knees. She got as much of his cock into her mouth as she could. She'd had a bit of practice since they saw each other. As she was sucking and licking, she reached into his pants and pulled his balls out, too. She started massaging them in her hands. She could feel him twitching and flexing. She took her mouth off of his cock and started stroking its full length. For lack of a better explanation, she started making out with his balls, one at a time. She was sucking and running her tongue all around them. She stuck her tongue out as far as she could to lick all underneath, trying to reach his perineum.
"Fuck, baby, Avery is an awesome teacher. I want to pour my cum down the back of your throat, but I need to fuck you."
"Let me swallow a load, please." They could both hear the submissiveness in her voice. This threw him over the edge and he put his cock back in her mouth she could feel his legs shake and multiple ribbons of cum made their way down her throat.
As they made their way to his car, they still couldn't keep their hands off of each other. When they got into their seats she opened the sunroof and took her shorts and panties off again. "If you think you can, I want you to fuck me as hard as you can while hanging out of the sunroof." He immediately started taking his pants off and stood up on the two seats. He leaned her forward so she was essentially laying on the roof. He picked up one of her legs and placed it on a headrest. Without warning, he started ramming her to the point the roof was pushing painfully into her hips. That didn't last long, the waves of pleasure overpowered anything else she was feeling. This time she didn't try to hold anything in. Her moans were getting louder. "Yes, Jason, fuck me! Make me scream, make me cum all over that huge cock of yours!"
He did the opposite. He slowed down and grabbed a wad of her hair. "Beg me for it! I don't think you want it enough."
"Please, Jason! Fuck me, fuck me harder than you fucked me in the past! Make me scream so everybody in this garage knows exactly how hard I'm getting fucked! I need you to make me scream! Please don't stop fucking me!"
"Are you sure that's what you want?"
"Yes, Jason! Please fuck me as hard as you can! Please!"
He grabbed her hips, changed his angle and started fucking her as hard as he'd always wanted.
"YES! YES! YES! JUST LIKE THAT! DON'T STOP FUCKING ME LIKE THAT!" She could feel her orgasm building again. "OH MY GOD, I'M GONNA CUM! YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME FUCKING CUM!"
"Not, yet." He started slowing down again. Joey whimpered just a little bit.
"Why did you slow down?" She tried to move her hips to try to keep that orgasm going.
"I just said not yet!" Then he smacked her ass.
She gasped not expecting that. "Fuck, yes! Smack my ass, smack my tits, run your nails down my back!"
"You're a horny little bitch, aren't you?" SMACK! Right on the ass.
"I'm your horny little bitch." Nails up thighs.
"Is my bitch ready to cum?" He squeezed and pulled her nipples.
"Yes, please let me cum," she whimpered. She continued to try to push back into him to show her eagerness.
"Who's fucking you?" He reaches around and starts playing with her clit.
"Jason."
"Try again. You're my little sex toy. Now, who is fucking you?"
"Master. Please, master, let me cum."
"Since you asked nicely and addressed me properly." He then proceeded to fuck her harder than she had ever remembered getting fucked.
"FUCK YES! JUST LIKE THAT! FUCK YOUR LITTLE BITCH!" She was on the verge at this point. "MAY I CUM MASTER?"
"Yes, you little slut, you may cum. Cum all over Master's cock."
"Thank you," she could only muster out a whisper, the orgasm was right there. "FUUUCK!!! I'M FUCKING CUMMING!" She had no control of her movements and looked like she was almost convulsing.
She felt his rhythm change and then she felt his cum filling her pussy up. They both collapsed on the roof and she felt him slowly slip out of her.
That's when they heard someone clapping. "Loved the show, may I join?"
Joey and Jason looked at each other. Jason piped up, "How long have you been watching?"
"Since baggage claim. You two put on quite the show." That's when he came out from behind one of the other vehicles and they noticed him stroking his cock.
"Her pussy is mine, but she can do amazing things with her mouth." He turned to Joey, "Baby, suck his cock while I watch. Let him cum down your throat and I'll fuck you until we both pass out."
"Anything to get fucked like that again."
"You're gonna suck every cock that walks by."
"Yes, Master."