Female Empowerment Management, or F.E.M., plans an exhibition. It plans to use its "assets," like Mac Zander, to attract more high quality female employees.
***
"Most of you are going to the exhibition," Miriam, one of his many female bosses, said to Mac. Her dress was silky and long. Pearls adorned her neck. By "you," he knew she meant him and the other males employed at Female Empowerment Management, or F.E.M. "It will be at the convention center downtown. We advertised the exhibition far and wide, in an effort to grow our business and find more high quality females to hire."
Her eyes wandered up and down his naked body, finally resting on his long, dangling cock.
He had grown used to always being naked while at work at F.E.M., not that he had any choice. The general rule was that any male working there was required to be naked and available for the pleasure of any female employee. Of course, he could quit, but he badly needed the salary and benefits.
She smiled. "And it will be the job of you and the other wonderfully naked males to make the company irresistible to any woman. That way, we will have so many female applicants, we can pick from the very best."
She walked up to him and grabbed his cock, then with her other hand, began massaging his balls. "So, for the next week before the exhibition you and all the other males are to exercise especially hard, eat well, and, most important of all, you are not to masturbate. We want you filled to the brim for the attendees. Of course, failure to comply would result in a breach of your contract, and potential loss of your job and benefits. We have lie detector equipment available to ensure adherence to our rules. Is all of this understood?"
He shook his head.
"Good." Her hands kept working on him. He was at full mast now. If she kept going, he would be unable to stop a huge release.
She seemed to acknowledge that, as she winked and pulled away her hands. "Nice. Hard as a rock and unable to let it shoot. Sweet..."
She loved the control she had over him, how he was barred from satisfaction by just her commands.
"Now turn around!" she ordered. She slapped him in the ass. "Get back to work!" She watched his tight ass closely as he left her office. It was not the first time she gave thanks to the universe that she worked at F.E. M.
As he walked along the hallway he decided he would go straight to a good workout. His bosses at F.E.M. were expecting him and the other guys to be in tip top condition. But it wasn't just that. He really enjoyed working out. It made him feel so good: healthy, strong, virile.
Nonetheless, when Miriam's voice played in his mind, he reluctantly had to admit to himself that he felt a rush of excitement. He looked down. His cock was rigid, a stiff beam bouncing as he walked.
What was this place doing to him?
The gym was a huge space in a wing of the first floor. There were mats for stretching, weight machines, barbells and free weights, treadmills, and other various exercise equipment.
Around the perimeter of the room were padded chairs reserved for females. There were many today, sitting, dressed of course, most sipping on a drink, as they watched the males exercising. It was obvious that the word had gone out about the exhibition. The gym was packed with males. Of course, all of them were naked.
Inevitably, some of the females couldn't restrain themselves. They had got out of their chairs and grabbed some of the men. There were many women busy with their hands and mouths. A few of them had their hand on one cock, while sucking another cock.
A group of women were seated around a big mat. They were watching three guys doing jumping jacks. Their eyes moved up and down with the rhythm of the flailing cocks.
Mac tried to focus on what exercises he wanted to do. As he strode toward a weight machine designed for biceps, whistles sounded from a few seated women. "Whooo hooo! Nice hard on! "one of them yelled. "Come over here!"
He thought of the sensation of the weights strengthening his biceps, how good it made him feel. He peeked at the machine longingly.
But he had no choice. He went up to the woman who had called him.
She and her two friends sat and smiled at him. "Such a good, hard cock deserves notice, "the same one said. "But, first, turn around." He did and six hands grabbed, punched and slapped his bare ass.
"Sweet ass!" one of them said. "My boyfriend's ass is not nearly as nice.
And I would never be able to get him to get naked in front of other women. But here, all day I can see naked men forced be nude. I love it!"
Before the comments sunk into his brain, she gave his ass a hard whack. "0ww!" he exclaimed.
The women ignored his outburst.
"Turn back around!"
When he did one of the ladies grabbed the base of his cock and shoved his cock into her mouth. She moaned with satisfaction.
He was not sure if Miriam wanted him to come. She had said, "no masturbating" before the exhibition. Did that mean also no coming by way of a woman? Then he realized that even such basic decisions had been co-opted by F.E.M. They now had him trained to control his orgasms according to company policy.
It disturbed him. But he was distracted by the woman's wet, warm, soft mouth sucking greedily. He felt his balls stiffening. He was close to coming. What should he do? In moments, his body would decide for him.
Luckily, at almost the last second, the woman released him. He was both relieved and frustrated.
It was easy for the women to see his emotions. "Awww, so hard and ready, but unable to release it!"
The three women enjoyed a laugh. His cock was a pulsing, purple steel beam that begged for relief. But they would not allow it. Obviously, they knew about the masturbation rule and were determined to exploit it.
"Go back to your exercising," one of them ordered. "I will enjoy watching your ass as you go, with that poor member so stiff and frustrated. Poor guy," she said, giggling.
All he could do was silently huff and go to the biceps machine. He pumped the weights with wild energy. He was worried. Was he going to be relentlessly teased and aroused for the whole week, without the ability to be relieved, or to relieve himself? The prospect drove him to a furious pace in the machine.
That night he dressed and left the building still erect and frustrated. He walked to the underground subway station and waited for his train. He noticed a pretty woman on the same platform. She had long, curly, auburn hair. She was wearing a knee length skirt, low cut cotton blouse and high heels. He stared at her sexy legs. The pressure in his already strained groin increased.
Usually, he would take that kind of image home and use it as he jerked off. He exhaled sharply. But I can't tonight! he reminded himself.
But what if someone else did it for him. Technically that was not a breach of Miriam's order.
He inconspicuously shuffled closer to the woman. He had no idea what he was doing. He just needed to do something.
He shook his head. What a stupid idea, he told himself and was about to move far down the platform, when out of the corner of his eyes he noticed her shifting slightly. He looked over at her and caught her staring directly at the huge bulge in his pants. Her eyes were wide and her tongue licked her lips.
She raised her eyes and stared at him. He saw the fire of desire in her look. Perhaps it was his need. Perhaps it was recently being so used to waiting for female instruction. Whatever it was, he waited for her to decide...
Finally, she leaned closer and whispered: "I want you to let me help you with that."
Whoa. Aggressive type. It made him harder, if that was possible.
She watched him closely. Seeing that he didn't reject her request, she continued. "Get on the train. Make sure you wait for me to sit. Then stand in front of me, holding one of the metal rails. I want to see you the whole way to my stop. When I get up, follow me. "
He just nodded, lost in a fog of need and excitement.
She lived in a new townhouse condo close to a subway station. She opened her door and beckoned him to enter.
The dim interior that awaited awoke him from his stupor. What am I doing?
She grabbed his hand and yanked it. He resisted and didn't move. She glared at him. He stared back. Her glare softened.
She moved closer. Her perfume wafted to his nose. He could feel the soft mounds of her tits against his chest.
"Listen," she said with a sultry voice, "we both know what you need—badly need—and what I want." Her hand very gently rubbed his bulge. "I can tell you need relief and I want to help."
Her smile was both sweet and wicked. Her hand remained on his raging hard on.
It felt soooo good.
She turned and with her free hand pointed ahead. "In!" A tone of command had returned to her voice.
He shuffled in, slow enough so she wouldn't release her soft hand.
The door shut. He groaned when she lifted her hand off of him. She sauntered into the living room.
She sat on the sofa and crossed her legs. "Please sit and tell me why you are so hard and so desperate to come."
He sat next to her on the sofa and explained. He rambled on, releasing the truth, feeling better for it. He went on and on, about F.E.M., about his daily life there, about the exhibition, about being ordered to not masturbate, and about how he dealt with it all.
She let him ramble. She was clearly fascinated by every word. When he was finally done, her first word was, "Incredible!"
She took another breath and said, "I MUST find a way to get a job there! A whole group of naked men at my beck and call! Fantastic!"
Then her focus returned to just him, just to his massive bulge. "So, that is why you approached me. You NEED me to jerk your off, because you are so well trained, you won't allow yourself to release that huge erection yourself!" She giggled. "Oh, they have done well! I want there to be more men like you!"
She tapped her chin pensively. "So, should I help you, hmmmm."
"Oh please!!" he blurted out.
She looked uncertain. "Well, I would be doing you a huge favor. What is in it for me?" She didn't wait for an answer. "What I want is simple. You will agree to be my servant for at least one day a week for the next three months. I am thinking of things you could do here. First, I think I will invite over a few friends next week and you will be our...entertainment.
"So, do we have a deal? You will be my servant, if I jerk you off?"
He gulped. It was not terribly different from his life already. And he needed to come so badly.
"Ok," he croaked.
She grinned. "Fantastic. Now, you can't expect me to run my hands over a nasty male, who has worked all day long. No, he must be clean and fresh. He must shower. Come." She pulled on his hand. He followed. They went upstairs to the bathroom.
She had a clear glass shower. She had him wait for a minute. She returned with a small office type chair and a camera with a small tripod. She sat down and set up the camera. "Who knew my little photo hobby would result in this."
"Ok. Undress. Do it slowly and make it sexy, like you are on stage, in front of a crowd of horny women"
She turned on the camera.
He pulled off his shoes and socks. He slowly unbuttoned his dress shirt, as he swayed side to side. He pulled it off, let it fall, revealing a T-shirt. He came closer as he slid the shirt over his head. His bare chest was well muscled and his abs were rippled.
"Mmmmm," she said, running fingers across his abs.
"Take off your pants!" She just liked to be able to say it.
She moved his hips forward and back as he unbuckled his belt and pulled down the zipper. He turned around and help up his pants for a few moments, teasing her with his swinging ass.
Then he let the pants drop. He kicked them aside. He had on a pair of tight cotton briefs, colored royal blue. He moved closer to her, until his ass was grinding into her lap. He grabbed the sides of his skimpy briefs and slowly pulled down, grinding into her as he did so. She grabbed his ass, squeezing and pinching it.
"Now that is nice male ass!" she exclaimed. She slapped it hard.
"Now, let me see that cock!"
"Yes, ma'am," he said, by habit.
He carefully turned, teasing out every second.
Finally, he was facing her, with his brief half way down. His cock was so hard, it stretched the underwear to its breaking point. He continued to sway like a stripper, as he pulled on each side of the briefs.
The fabric was halted by the weight of his hard on. All he could do was force it down. His cock was pressed down. When the fabric slipped past the tip, his cock sprung up and slapped against his abs. It bobbed inches from her face as the briefs fell to the floor.
"WOW!!" she yelped.
She grabbed it and ran her soft fingers up and down it. "That is such a nice cock!"
"Now, get that into the shower! Keep the door open as you run soap all over you! Get that beautiful, huge cock nice and clean for me."
She adjusted the camera so she could capture every moment in the shower.
The heat of the water felt wonderful on his tense neck muscles. He soaped heartily. The bubbling white foam wandered all over him. He made sure that an abundance of soap was applied to his rigid member.
He heard a scuff on the bathroom floor. On the chair she sat, legs spread. Her hand was inside her panties, playing with herself.
She kept it up, moaning, eyes locked on him in the shower.
Suddenly, she almost yelled: "Wash off and get over here!"
He let the shower sweep away the soap and he paddled over to her.
She practically lunged at him. Both of her hands and her mouth were on him in a flash. Her head flew back and forth like a piston. Her hands worked in unison, stroking his rod and massaging his balls.
He felt cum pooling upward from his balls. Was he finally going to be able to release??
She made loud slurping noises with her mouth as she worked on him.
His legs tensed. It was about to happen. She realized it too. She removed him from her mouth, turned him a bit sideways, checked that the camera would be able to capture his explosion, and stroked him from the side.
Finally, blissfully, he exploded. A huge rope of thick, white cum shot out and splattered against the wall. She kept pumping, bringing another blast and then another. Thick lines of cum drooled down the wall.
She returned her mouth to his cock and sucked out one last burst of cum. When she pulled away, the excess dribbled from her mouth.
"Oh my, my" she said, "was that a show!"
She grabbed a towel and wiped off her mouth. Then she threw it at him. "Clean up. You have a train to catch. I will be seeing a lot more of you soon."