I have written my past stories based on event and things that happened to others I know. This is full made up and has no revelation to anyone or anything that really happened, hope you enjoy. I tried to write it as I think a female would have written it.
*****
I haven't written anything in a long time. This valentine days, 2015, gave me a memory to share. I was sitting with a female friend having wine and laughing about escapades we had experienced. She mentioned something that happened in a parking lot. It reminded me of my first time being semi-publicly used. My hubby, whom is very kinky and is in the lifestyle, about five years ago now maybe a little longer had told me we are going to go to a club on Grand. That they had this really cool separate area in the lower level I would enjoy and it was lifestyle neutral. I was very naive at that time, more than now for sure. The only requirement is he got to dress me for the adventure. That should have been a red flag right. My friend was laughing at this part of the story and told me the minute her man says I get to pick the clothes she says No to the trip. I know that now and start asking questions when he now says I want to dress you.
Anyway, I am a curvy bbw so I am more conservative in what I own, so I felt safe. It never occurred to me he would go shopping for clothes for this. He had, ugh. What had he bought you ask? A very short black knit skirt that hugs the curve's, barely covering my ass cheeks. Then there is a see through hunter green top, fish net like, but not net type top. A very skimpy bra that is sheer and lacy and bright in color. It is going to show very clearly through the darker top. I have 44DD that it had to hold in. Then there was the Blank and very skimpy boy short panties that hide little. He had also bought those suspender stocking that look like you are wearing garters and finally 4 in hooker heels as he called them. He had also gotten ear rings that were like 4 inch hoops and a necklace and anklet. The necklace was a weird shape and engraved on it if I remember right was the letters HPP. The anklet said Hot Wife on it. I felt sexy, slutty and like I was being put on display. In a way I was. Add to this look the fact a week before I had dyed my hair auburn and I even admit I liked the look but he was taking me to a bar/club and I was like shocked at how much showed. Bit I had agreed so I was going to go with it. I trusted him not to do this and then take me to a high class place this would be out of place.
We got there and it was already pretty full, he select a place at this wall bar. It was a narrow strip of bar top mount against the way with stools are standing room. We got our first order. As we stood there a few people we knew came bye and said hi. I was mortified to see them as they were moms and dads from our kid's school and one of his work buddy and a few others we just know. Never occurred to me that they partied there so I should not worry. But I was feeling almost nude in what he had me dressed in. One set of parents we knew who had a daughter in same class as our oldest boy came by said hi. My hubby actually goes to them, she is hot isn't she. The both looked me up and down. The mom actually asked me to stand and turn around so she can see it all, My hubby said yeah. So I grudgingly did. She squeezed my ass and I flinched and got wide eye. She was like "umm, sweet". Then they said have fun and went to their table with their other friend's. That's when my hubby told me they were swingers and swappers. I was shocked. He told me then he had come here a few times after work with friends and hung out. Now I was in full worry. Our second drink came and I was relaxing a little more.
Here is where it gets interesting. Hubby excused himself for a potty break. As I sit there looking around, I notice the place is packed, the dance floor is busy and everyone is into their own things I was glad and less self-conscious. Then to my surprise the couple that was with the other approached me,. They introduced themselves as Monica and Mike. They said they had won the draw and get to spend time with me. I was shocked and looked around and noticed my hubby at the bar sitting with a drink. The bastard smiled nodded his head and mouthed the words relax and enjoy. He was engaging his fetish of watching. They sit down on the stools next to me, one on each side of me and started asking questions. Monica leans in and whispers, relax and started kissing my neck. This is one of my big weak points and erogenous zones. I was wet almost instantly and I could feel Mike feeling me up. All I could do as my body betrayed me was relax and enjoy. I closed my eyes and let the feelings flow. When I opened them I was embarrassed to see two other guys watching now, but everyone else were just too busy in their own things to really notice what was being done to me and how I was displayed.
To my shock Mike says quietly "take your bra off, but I want you to take you shirt off then bra then put top back on and do it while staring at you hubby." I turned and looked at Mike and told him he was nuts. He smile said "it is that way or I cut it off. Either way it will turn us all on." I was shocked and turn on. I hate admitting but this talk so turned me on my panties were soaked by then. I remember that clearly. Anyway as I stared at Mike in disbelief of what he asked and said, Monica reached under the back of my top and unhooked my bra and was lifting my top off and saying let her do it. I just stood there. I did not resist as I was in a daze that I was being undressed in a bar filled with people and amazed no one even glanced over or just looked and moved on. She took my top completely off and laid it on the bar the slowly took my bra off and let it drop to the floor and started sucking my nipples and squeezing them. Then Mike joined in and for what had to be ten minutes I am completely topless and being played with. Finally they gave me back the top. Even though the top hide nothing just having material on made me feel better and I picked my bra up and laid it on the bar near me.
For the next few minutes they groped and played and chatted and got another round for us to drink. I was needing it too at this point. I mean my gawd I was being played with like a sex toy in a busy bar and stranger still was no one seemed to notice or care. Then there was my hubby staring and smiling. When the drinks came they offered the bar maid my tits and was surprise when she sucked them and told them to go get them pierced and they would be hotter (that's another story). I looked and hubby was grinning and had pure lust in his eyes. I could see it across the room and the mom and dad we knew had changed position and were watching from their table near the dance floor. I was even more turned on then I thought. While looking around I felt fingers stuff into me pussy. I was like tense and frozen in place immediately. I was mortified. Monic moved in front of me and started to make out with me and I am not bi so I had no clue what was happening at first. She French kissed me in a way that I have never been kissed before or since. She had a hand rubbing my clit and pussy and one moving from my ass cheeks to my tits. She had hiked my skirt up fully exposing my panties and had her hand inside my panties. Anyone looking knew she was getting it on. After a few minutes there I was in public half undress in essences and making out right there in front of everyone. I stared kissing back and had me hand under her top pinching her nipples. She was softly moaning as was I at this point.
She drooped to her knees suddenly with no warning. She just finished and wet kiss and poof on her knees. She took my panties down below my knees and started finger fucking me hard while sucking my clit. I could not fight it and started moaning a little louder. To stop my noise Mike start kissing me. Finally he told Monic to give him my panties. She slipped them off and went right back to work on me. To my shock Mike stuffed my cum covered panties in my mouth to make me quiet. So here I am in a busy bar, see through top, no bra under it, skirt around my waist, no panties and a guy kissed me and playing with my tits and a girl kneeling in front of me fingering me and sucking my clit. Even worse to me was my panties stuffed in my mouth so anyway could see they are panties. I am totally embarrassed really, but so turned on I am closing in on a huge orgasm and my hubby is and two other guys watching from the bar and a couple from our kids school watching - and I did not care I wanted my orgasm. I was wanting to be mad at my hubby but at that moment this was the most intense sexual thing ever to happen to me. I did not care he had done this to me.
I start moaning and giggling and that means my orgasm is happening. They did not let up and soon I went weak in the knees and had to force myself to stand. Then this tidal wave of warm tingling washed over me followed by my orgasm. At that time the biggest I had ever had. Neither Mike nor Monica stopped till I almost went limp. My hubby told me later it last like three minutes. It seemed forever.
When I opened my eyes I was shocked to see no one had notice and nothing changed at the bar. I was relived really. But also caught off guard as Susan and Tom, the parents were now right there. Tom whispered to me to relax we have a place to take you and blind folded me. So there I am with my skirt up my mouth still stuff with panties and now blindfolded and my hands held behind me I was led away. I was turned on and in total panic.
Next thing I hear was a normal voice of one of the men telling me to sit and the help me down. It was a toilet lid, so I knew I was in a bathroom. Then the voice of Monic I am sure told me to spread my legs really wide and lean back. I had to use my hands to brace myself and balance so I got it suddenly I was made helpless by my position. She help get me positioned. The minute she let go of me I felt a cock in my sloppy wet pussy immediately and legs lifted in the air. He was hammering me hard and fast. I heard my Hubby tell the guy cum in her fill her cunt up. I was in shock, he was letting them bareback me in a bar bathroom and then telling them to cum in me. I was so turned on though I decided to be mad later.
At that point the panties were pulled from my mouth and a cock was stuff in it. I was like, this has to be the handicap stall to fit two guys in there. Then I was thinking I bet this is so cool and sexy looking. I chuckled to myself. The guy in my pussy started shooting and shooting when he pulled out it ran out of me and the guy in my mouth actually pull out. He pulled my blindfold off and came all over my face. I was told to keep my eyes closed at all time. It wasn't even a minute before both mouth and pussy were filled with cock again. The guy in my mouth was huge I remember and was gagging me with it but did not let up. The one in my pussy was smaller than the first guy but so fucking long he was taking it almost out then slamming it in. Final both came one in my pussy again and the other in my mouth. I was asked not to swallow but to show everyone. That seemed so hot at the time so with cum dry on my face, my eyes held shut tightly as I was told to do and a sloppy dripping pussy I hold open my mouth to show how full it was. Then I heard who I am sure it Mike tell me to drip the cum out of my mouth onto my tits. I felt soft female hand lift my tits up so I could as my hand were busy supporting my position they had my in. I pushed and spit all the cum out so it was on my tits.
I next heard what I know was Susan's voice tell me there is only one thing she likes better that a cock in her cunt was her tongue in a cum filled cunt. She started licking and eating all the cum out of me and any that was in my pussy area. I was fast approaching an orgasm again. This is when, to my surprise, I felt a furry pussy on my lips and was told to lick and eat. It was cum filled also. I knew it had to be Monic based on the voice and there only be two ladies in there. I also was sent over the top with my second large orgasm. I had never every done this before, eat a pussy, let alone one filled with cream. I was shocked later to realize I dove in and loved it as she was rubbing her clit and me getting all the cum I could she told me it was my hubby's cum as he had fucked her while Mike had fucked me and oh yeah we are not done with you yet.
Once she had her climax a cock was back in my mouth and a voice I had never heard before tell me to suck this bitch. I heard my hubby go, "go ahead before we let her go" right before my mouth was stuffed full. So I am assuming these last two are just patrons from the bar that happened in or were the two that had been watching. After they came in me, again one in mouth and one in pussy. Susan is kissing me this point. I am feeling tired as I had three very big orgasms at this point. Monic is now the one between my legs eating my cum filled pussy. Then I feel her lips on mine and know this is Monica kissing. She is putting the cum from her filled mouth in my mouth, having not swallowed it and tells me to swallow it all. Then Susan kisses me and she has a mouth full of cum from another guy and tell me to swallow that also. Then they lift me to standing and Monic uses a wet towelette to clean the cum from my eyes. And they pull my top down and my skirt down, but leave all the cum and led me back to the bar where my bra is still laying but someone had stuff money in it. I stood there sipping a drink worried everyone will see the dryed cum on me, well all over me and cum that is now running down my stocking legs as more drain from my pussy. No one seemed to notice or care.
I so badly wanted to go home I was so humiliated being displayed like this now. Mike and Monic sit right there and carried on like nothing had happened. It was like 1:30 in morning. The crowd was still large so at least that help. Hubby was still watching from the bar. The bar were all still busy. Susan and Tom were back at their table with a different couple now.
Just as I thought my night was over and I really could relax, this huge black guy walks over and whispers to Monic something. She grabs my wrist and we are off to the ladies private room, a second small bathroom hidden in the back of the bar. We go in there and Monic said he was going to fuck my tight pussy as his friend's told him I was the tightest cunt he had ever been in. He had me bend over at the waist and grad the toilet tank and then he slide right into my still overflowing and wet pussy from behind. He hammered me like I was nothing but a rag doll. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head back and was calling me a white fuck toy and other wild things I had never heard. Then I felt this explosion in me and so much cum drip out around his cock but it was still pulsing and squirting and stoking into me. He pulled out told me to kneel and stuff his cock in my mouth and told me to clean it for him. I lick and suck it but I also realized I had just knelt on Monica's face and was draining into her open mouth. Once he was happy it was close to clean he grabbed a hand full of hair and wiped off the rest using my hair as a cock towel. Monic held my pussy lips open wide and made sure most got in her mouth then pushed my off her. As we stood there she started French kissing me with her mouth full of cum and then she told me to swallow and she swallowed then she was kissing me again. When I got back to the bar again there was a drink sitting on a 100 dollar bill. I then realized Mike was pimping me out. Before my hubby finally took me out of there at 2am I was fuck three more times and face fucked hard once with the guy shooting down my throat. (New experience and I still enjoy it now and then)
As we were leaving Susan walked over and shocked me saying she had bought all my clothes except the heels and to stripped and give them to her she wanted them unwashed and nasty. I look at my hubby and was like "I can't I have nothing to cover up with and we parked a block away." Susan was like not my problem bitch. So being exhausted from this I just took everything off and then put my heels on and we walked out and the block to the car. To make it worse my hubby drove through the all night McDonalds drive through for coffee on the way home. The young man working go a huge show as he made sure he knew I was naked and cum on me. Once home I head for the Shower where he joined me and sang my praise. The whole time he was bathing me and I stood there. I was numbed from all the climax's and the three huge orgasms. I was still trembling inside from being so used and loving it.
So there is what I was thinking and sharing with my female friend on Valentine's Day 2015, a night to remember from about five to six years ago. Her reaction is another story, lol