Disclaimer
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person living or dead is purely coincidental.
All fictional characters participating in any fictional sexual activity are 18 years of age or older.
This story will span several chapters and will eventually involve wife swapping, cheating, and incest themes. Be warned.
I have no editor, so all grammar errors are mine, and I apologize in advance. If you want to be an editor, let me know.
* * * * *
"It's raining," she said, her eyes scanning the dark sky as the few thin drops splattered around us.
"This? This ain't rain. It's not even a sprinkle." I looked around as the visible moisture moved on wind currents. The meteorological term for it is drizzle, but my dad had another name for it.
"It's wet, isn't it?" My granddaughter scowled at me. We were supposed to go hiking that afternoon, but with the weather acting up, it looked problematic at best.
"Wet isn't always bad," I said with a smirk. "I've had some of the best times of my life getting wet."
"I'll bet, you dirty old man, you." She giggled. "But this sucks. It wasn't supposed to rain today."
"I told you, this isn't a real rain. This is what my dad called a teasing rain."
"A teasing rain?"
"Yeah, it's falling water, but since it's so light, it makes you think it isn't raining, so you go on with your day. You end up getting soaked anyway, though. It's the real reason cars have interrupt settings on the windshield wipers."
"So, the rain teases you and goes 'psych.'"
"Exactly."
She laughed. I laughed. We could always hike another weekend. "Come on, Raine, help me put the gear up."
I've always said the good Lord knew what he was doing by not giving me a daughter to raise. I've never been able to look at a female without evaluating her figure, her appeal, her looks. Yeah, sure, maybe that is not the PC way to think in this "#metoo" don't-objectify-women type of society, but, hey, it's just how I'm wired. I'm just glad I didn't have to face the taboo of looking at my own daughter that way. I have two strapping sons, so I was spared that...sort of. I mean, they brought their girlfriends around, and I did look them over, and I did imagine them naked, but they were just girls. Not my flesh and blood.
Everything was just fine until my now-adult eldest son first introduced me to his last girlfriend and her young daughter. I did look over Laney, and she was fine, and I could imagine being behind her thrusting to beat the band, but that was only in my mind. I knew she wouldn't be interested in an old fart like me, and I couldn't do that to my son.
Over the years, she settled into the family, and I grew to love her like one of my children. Even if I caught myself peeking down her loose-fitting blouse or admiring her firm thighs when she wore those oh-so-tight shorts and bikinis, it was just an aesthetic appreciation. At least I told myself that. If she had given me even the slightest come-on, I probably would have dived between her thighs in a fast second.
As the years passed, Laney's daughter grew up. Raine was two when Laney and my son got together. After they got married and my first grandson was born, I begrudgingly accepted the moniker of Grampa, and Raine quickly settled into her role as my favorite granddaughter. I watched as she went through the precocious age, the helpful age, the rebellious age, and the moody age.
As a child, she loved when the "tickle monster" attacked, and she would wiggle and squeal on my lap until we were both tired. When she needed help with her schoolwork, she would call me. When her parent's finally let her date, she would ask me what to do about her boyfriends. That created a little tension between her and her parents, but they appreciated that she was getting advice from a family member even if it wasn't them. Though she was a teenager, she still loved the tickle monster attacks, and I was happy to provide them. It was never sexual, though.
When she was eighteen, she started asking me questions about me and my ex, her grandma, whom I divorced before Raine was born. I don't know what brought on the questions, but she seemed to know somethings that I didn't think anyone knew about the nature of my former marriage. It was like she was trying to make me uncomfortable and embarrassed. Well, I don't embarrass easily, so I answered her questions frankly, to see if she would get embarrassed. She didn't.
It became a contest of sorts. Each of us would try to say something outrageous to try to embarrass the other. I won one time when she was eighteen and I joked about her trying her boyfriend on for size, with a waggle of my eyebrows. That earned me a blush and a loud, plaintive "Grampa! Sheesh!"
A short time later, while we were driving, she responded to my victory by asking me if I ever had sex with two women before. She looked at me expectantly, to see if I would blush or stammer. I just turned to face her, looked her right in the eye, and said "several times." Her face did flush, but it didn't appear to be out of embarrassment. Her nipples popped in her blouse and her breathing deepened. She turned to look at the window and I settled back to savor my victory.
She came over to my house alone one time to pick up something for my son while I was getting ready for a date. I had just taken a shower and was only wearing my slacks with my belt hanging open as I had been on the way to the laundry to get my shirt. Now, I'm fifty-two years old, and to say I have a dad bod is being nice. I've long lost the ripped muscle tone and tight skin of youth, although I'm not a flabby sag-body. I get my share of attention if I do say so myself. I opened the door and invited her in, leaving her to close the door as I resumed my course to the laundry room.
Meanwhile, Raine, at eighteen, had a body that could almost be described as Rubenesque. While not "thick," she had curves in all the right places. According to Laney, Raine was wearing thirty-four H-cup bras, and she filled them nicely. She also had a perfect pear-shaped ass and muscular thighs earned through years of dance training. Couple that with her insistence on wearing short-shorts, loose halters with no bra, and distressed yoga pants and you have a picture of sex appeal. She almost never carried herself in a way that I was brought up believing was "lady-like."
"Where're you going, Grampa?" She nestled on the barstool, her arms squeezing her cleavage into the deep v-neck of her shirt.
"Got a hot date." I pulled my shirt from the dryer. Nothing like putting on dryer-fresh warm shirts right after getting out of the shower.
"Oh? New girlfriend?" She got that playful look in her eye, and I knew a round of try-to-embarrass-Grampa was starting.
"New? Hardly. Girlfriend? Well, she's a girl and she's a friend, so I guess so. Given that limited definition."
"Oh? Just a friend? Does that mean you won't be getting any?" Her lips curled into a sultry smile. Well, now, that caught me by surprise. She was taking it up a notch. I wasn't embarrassed, mind you. Just surprised.
"Oh, I figure if she wants some, I'll let her have a taste." I made a show of tucking my shirt into my pants, shoving my hand over my crotch several times more than needed to smooth the fabric. Her eyes followed my hand the whole time.
"Do I know her?"
I know she was asking if my date was someone I had talked about, or perhaps a woman that my family might be familiar with, but I felt like pushing back a little.
"Maybe. I think she was in your graduating class. That's okay, isn't it? If I date one of your friends?"
"Grampa!" She rolled her eyes. "That's gross!" Score one for Grampa.
"You know...that would make dating so much easier. You just set me up with your friends who have daddy issues!" It took every bit of resolve to not laugh at my joke.
She was laughing, too, but there was something else in her expression that I couldn't quite put my finger on.

#

When Raine finally got a steady boyfriend, she also got into trouble. My son found sexting pictures on her phone and, while she was a legal adult and within her right to do it, he didn't want her doing it under his roof. I had to back him up on this as I held him to the same standards when he was growing up. I also laughed, because when he was young and got into trouble, he always insisted he would be more lenient with his kids than I was with him.
Now, as a Grampa, I should have just let the embarrassing issue lie, but given the game we played, I looked forward to using this information to try to get a rise out of Raine the next time I saw her.
All three grandkids came over for one evening while my son and Laney had a date night. They could have stayed at home, but they wanted Grampa time, which meant the boys wanted my Xbox and Raine wanted to tease me.
"So, how's your modeling career going?" I asked while the boys were in the other room killing each other's avatars.
"What do you mean, 'modeling career'?"
"Well, I hear you have quite the portfolio on your cell phone." Surely that would get a blush out of her.
"Oh, that?" She waved her hand. "They were terrible. It's hard to make a selfie look really sexy." No score there as she volleyed nicely.
"Well, given your figure, I'm sure your boyfriend was more than satisfied." That should be a score.
"Oh, he's always satisfied," she retorted. Damn. She was playing hardball. "He just doesn't always satisfy."
That made me blink twice. I didn't have a ready response to that. Think, damn it. "Well, he's young. Perhaps he doesn't know how." Sloppy return. "He just needs more training."
"Well, I'm not teacher material," she said. "That's why I don't like dating guys my own age."
"You know, I don't like dating women my own age either, so I guess you come by that naturally. There's something to be said about dating someone older than you. They can teach you things that someone your own age could never know. Say, while we're on the topic, do you have any friends that want to learn a thing or two about their bodies? I'm accepting new students." Surely, that would get to her.
Instead, she just cocked her head to the side as if thinking about it. "No one comes to mind, but if any of them ask me, I'll be sure to mention your offer." She gave me that playful smile again.
Damn. She was getting good at this. I was going to have to up my game. Then she changed her tactic. "Grampa, do you ever miss Grandma?"
Where in the hell did that come from? That was twice in as many months she'd brought up her grandma, even though, as far as I knew, she'd never met her. "Why would I? We've been divorced for more than twenty years."
"Didn't you used to swing when you were with her?"
I snapped my mouth closed if only to avoid looking like a goldfish sucking air. It felt like I was in the twilight zone. In no way could I have expected this line of questioning. Even with our teasing, we had never really discussed the mechanics of sex before. "Where on Earth did you hear that?"
"I'm not at liberty to say. Is it true?"
I watched her face for any sign of joking. I didn't want to get that far into the story of my marriage with her. It's not that I was ashamed or embarrassed, but was Raine ready for that story? She had already gotten in trouble for sexting with her boyfriend, and I didn't want to cross a boundary that could risk getting her--or me for that matter--in trouble.
"Come on, Grampa," she whined. "You told me you would always answer me honestly."
She's right. I did say I would always be honest in my answers. I didn't care what she thought about my part in my lifestyle, but I didn't want to make her think ill of her grandma. Of course, I was making assumptions that she had formed any ideas about her grandma. Surely if Shelly had reached out to our sons, Junior would have told me. Since I don't do things I might regret, I have no secrets about me to keep, so I felt comfortable answering her questions truthfully, but I never said I would tell her everything. I was about to say that when my youngest grandson ran in tattling on his brother.

#

Once I had the boys settled, Raine had moved onto something else, and I dodged that bullet--for the moment. But thinking about that time brought back some interesting memories. My ex, Shelly, and I got married young, right after we conceived our eldest son. She was a cute ball of energy at five foot five and 110 pounds on an athletic 32C figure. She had beautiful auburn tresses that hung to her shoulders, but her sparkling blue eyes were what got everyone's attention. When she was turned on, she looked like sex personified. She also had this unique hand-shaped birthmark on her ass. One time, I smacked her there while we were fucking. She gasped when I did it and wiggled her ass back at me. When I smacked it again, she came quite suddenly and unexpectedly. It became a joke that I would high-five her ass during a good fuck.
While we were dating, we tested almost every sexual act that two people could do. The only things we wouldn't do was anything having to do with feces and urine--that was just unsanitary--and I would not touch a penis other than mine, nor allow a man to touch mine. Otherwise, it was open season. Shelly loved doggy style, anal play, and she was particularly talented with her mouth. For the first year, we had sex several times a day, even when she was on her cycle, and the entire time of both of her pregnancies right up until she delivered. In fact, when she was carrying Junior, her water broke just as she came while I was fucking her. The fluid washed the semen from her pussy.
During the second year, we expanded our activities to public sex. We had sex in the car, on a plane, at the amusement park, on the couch at her parents' house while they were sitting just a few feet away. That was a challenge since I couldn't move other than a slight tick of my hips while she flexed her Kegel muscles as I spooned behind her under a blanket. It took us more than thirty minutes for me to get off that way, but she had three sighing quiet orgasms during that time; her pussy gushing around my swollen cock buried deep inside her. Her mother even asked at one point if she were too tired to stay up, since it sounded like a yawn.
Year three was when we moved into the swinging scene. It was a gradual process, beginning with a trip to a porn theater. It was actually an old traditional cinema that had begun showing adult films when a new multiplex threatened to close it down. There were rarely many people there, and the clientèle was almost exclusively male. One trip there, another woman sat two rows down from us with a guy sitting next to her. She was no raving beauty, but she was cute enough. As the action on the movie started, I noticed her shoulders move in a steady rhythm, indicating that she was probably jacking her date off during the film. After a few moments, she bent down and began to suck him off, not at all worried about anyone else watching. There was a guy sitting down the row from the pair and, once he noticed what was going on, he moved to the vacant seat next to her.
I expected the guy with her would make a scene, but he was just sitting there, enjoying his blow job. When the new guy began touching her, she got up on her knees, presenting her skirt-covered ass. He wasted no time flipping her skirt up and baring her panty-less ass to the whole theater as he ran his hand all over it, dipping his fingers into the wetness between her ample cheeks. Soon, the action on the screen was forgotten as people in the theater began to cluster around the woman who was now noisily throat fucking herself on her man's cock, filling the room with slurpy auck auck sounds while the newcomer was jamming his fingers into her pussy.
After a few moments of this, the woman lifted her head and turned to the man behind her. "Fuck me, dammit."
The stranger only paused a moment when the girl's date shrugged. "You heard her, man. Get in there."
His hands frantically pulled at his belt and the fastener to his pants as he rushed to comply with the girl's command. He grabbed his cock and quickly slipped up to her upturned ass and slid home to her contented groan. "Oh! Yes! Give me that cock. Come on! Fuck me hard."
Once the man got into a rhythm, she resumed her frantic sucking. Suddenly, another arm reached in between the seats from the row in front and began to fondle her swinging breasts, now freed from her halter top.
My wife and I sat there watching. Neither one of us moved a muscle. We had both watched plenty of porn, but what was happening right in front of us was something else entirely. More men drew closer, enough so that it was becoming difficult to see everything that was going on.
After a moment, someone from the cluster groaned and the crowd parted enough to see. The woman had her man's cockhead in her lips and was sucking it like a straw as her hand jacked his shaft. His head was thrown back and he arched his back as he filled her mouth with his cum.
"Yum," she said after finishing cleaning him up. She reached back and stopped the guy fucking her and forced him into the next seat, where she straddled his hips and sat on his cock. It took them a moment to get a good position to support a rhythm, but once they did, she looked around at the group of men, some with their cocks in their hands.
"You," she said pointing to a younger looking guy with a skinny dick, "that looks perfect for my ass. You want it, handsome? You wanna fuck me in the ass?"
Skinny dick needed no further encouragement. He climbed over the row of seats and settled in behind her as she paused her bouncing on number two guy. Based on the fidgeting, it seemed to take skinny dick a moment or two to get in, but we could tell as soon as he did.
"Holy shit!" The girl cried out. "Yes! God that feels so good. I feel so full. Go slow at first. Let me get used to it." Skinny dick began thrusting, following her lead, but soon the three of them were making more noise than the movie.
A fourth guy slipped into the row between us and the orgy and offered her his cock, which she eagerly accepted into her mouth. I'd never seen a woman take three cocks at the same time before, and it blew my mind.
My wife and I sat and watched until the movie ended, and the house lights came up. As we got up, no one else moved. Those in the orgy kept going and those watching kept watching. Shelly grabbed my hand and pulled me away, dragging me out of the theater and into our car, where she immediately grabbed my zipper.
We fucked in the parking lot, we fucked on the shoulder of the highway to our house, and we fucked in our driveway. By the time we reached the bedroom, I had no more cum left, but my wife was still revved up.
"Grampa!"
I shook my head, bringing me back to the present. Raine was still on the couch looking at me expectantly.

#

"I'm sorry, I was...woolgathering." I know it was lame, but what else was I going to say? "Sorry, but I was remembering the first orgy I ever witnessed?"
"I asked you two questions and you were ignoring me."
"I'm sorry sweetie. I wasn't ignoring you. I was just lost in my thoughts."
"I asked you if we can stay over all weekend."
"Well, your mom and dad are expecting you home in the morning. But if they have no objections to it, I see no problem. It's not like I have plans."
"Not even with your 'girlfriend'?" She did those annoying air-quotes with her fingers as she drew out the syllables of the word.
"I don't have a 'girlfriend'." I mimicked her movements. "You know that."
"You know, I've always wondered about that. Why not?"
"Why not what?"
"Oh, come on, Grampa. You know what I mean. Why don't you have a girlfriend?"
"Don't want one. Too much trouble. The ones my age have too much baggage. The younger ones just want stability, and the really young ones want too much money. I'm not rich enough to be anyone's sugar daddy."
She was quiet for a moment as she considered what I'd said. "Don't you get lonely?"
"How could I? I have you guys to keep me company."
"That's not what I meant. Don't you get...you know..."
I did know. And I did get...you know... but I wasn't going to let this one go without at least one more dig. "Why, sweetie, I'm sure I have no idea what you're talking about."
"Grampa!" She hated it when I didn't give her what she wanted. "You do too know what I mean."
I just stared with as blank an expression as I could muster. It was hard not to laugh.
She sighed. "Well, I do."
"You do what?"
"Get...you know..." she cast her eyes toward her lap. Oh! She was throwing the hail Mary of teases. She wanted me to blush. To get flustered. Well, I couldn't give her the satisfaction.
"Shorts?" I answered.
"Grampa..." she looked again, this time she added a wave of her hand toward her crotch.
"Legs?"
"Oh! You are too much!" She jumped up and stepped in front of my recliner. Since I was reclined, she was still a few feet away, but she reached to the side and flipped my recliner's handle, popping me up suddenly. In seconds, she leaned in so that her face was inches from mine.
"May I help you?" I quipped.
"You know what I mean," she whispered, her breath a warm moist breeze wafting across my face.
"Why, Raine, are you telling me that you get horny?"
"No, Grampa. I'm telling you that I am horny. Like all the time."
Okay. She wins. I couldn't come up with a witty retort to that. But I also couldn't admit defeat. "And, uh, what do you do about that, then?"
"I have Ryan. But sometimes, he doesn't really do it for me, you know?" Her proximity was affecting me. She had her hands on the armrests of my chair, which had her leaning over my lap, her breasts, unencumbered by any form of restraint, swinging in her halter. I swear I could almost smell the pheromones from her sex.
"Well, no, I don't know. Tell me."
"I could show you..."
Okay, was she bluffing? No way my eighteen-year-old granddaughter was seriously trying to seduce me. But if I called her bluff, that would cross a line that can't be crossed back. Also, my cock was beginning to pulse and when that happened, rational thought became almost impossible. I sure knew how bad that can be.
"You have video? On you tube or something?"
"Grampa!" She stood up and slapped her hands on her thighs. The mood was effectively broken, but without having to admit defeat. I'll call it a draw. "You are so....so..."
"Wonderful?"
"No!"
"Benevolent?"
"No!"
"Generous?"
"No!
"Handsome?"
"No...well, yeah, but no!"
I stood up and wrapped one arm over her shoulder. "Come on little vixen. It's bedtime."
"But Grampa, it's only 10. And I'm eighteen! I don't have a bedtime."
"Yes, but I do. And your brothers do, too. Even on the weekends. At least in my house, that is. I can't speak for your dad's rules. But in my castle, bedtime is bed time."
I directed her to one guest room, and I stuck my head in the other. The boys had already dropped off in the middle of their game, so I simply turned off the TV and left them to their slumber where they lay.

#

Once I was settled in my bed, my mind drifted back to the game. Surely, I was reading too much into it. The girl is only eighteen. No way she was really interested in some kind of sexual activity with me. She was just playing the game. I was going to have to be on guard going forward. I couldn't let her affect me like that. If I started letting my small brain do the thinking, I might actually try to take her up on her offer. I couldn't risk damaging our relationship or my family like that.
My dick is what got me into trouble in my marriage. And not in the way one might think. I didn't go out and cheat on my wife. No siree. Oh, I did fuck other women, but it was always with my wife. Never alone.
We went down that road slowly at first, but we did pick up speed. After the incident in the theater, Shelly and I began looking into exhibitionism and voyeur fetishes. It seems like there was a whole side of society that we'd never considered. There were clubs where you could go and watch people have sex, have people watch you have sex, as well as having sex with other couples. It sounded hot. It got me hard. It got my small brain thinking. All I considered was getting to have sex with different women. It wasn't even that I was bored with Shelly. I still loved her, and she still could get me hard with nothing more than a look. But a young man's dick seems to have a will of its own. I know mine sure did.
Shelly, for her part, appeared just as interested in the idea of swinging as I was. That should have been a red flag, I think. In hindsight, I can see how everything happened. After about a year of fantasizing and role-playing, Shelly showed me an ad in a swinger's magazine for a "couple seeking couple or more." There was a picture of two fit young people of about our age with their faces obscured.
Shelly had already written a reply but wanted to show it to me before sending it. What she had written sounded good to me, so I told her to go for it. It only took a couple of days, but in short order, we had a "date" with the other couple to "see how things went."
When we met them, I was quite taken by the woman, Karen. She was beautiful, with medium-sized breasts, and a near perfect set of hips that almost, but not quite, stole the attention from her perfectly proportioned face and dazzling blue eyes.
Ben was fit. A bit taller than me and in better shape than me, too. He looked like he lived at the gym. We had dinner and drinks and the conversation flowed easily with no mention of sex, even though I figured it was on everyone's mind. I caught Karen looking at me with a hunger in her eye from time to time, and Ben was looking at Shelly like a lion regards a gazelle. Before we knew it, we were naked in a hotel room.
I was on my back as Karen sat on my face, grinding her clit into my chin as I thrust my tongue as far into her as I could. Shelly was blowing my cock while Ben hammered her pussy from behind. Karen tasted different from Shelly, but that is to be expected. What I didn't expect was that she would be so sweet. Shelly's pussy was not unpleasant, but it didn't taste like cherries, either. I don't know if Karen always tasted like this or if she used a flavored feminine product, but I was enjoying it. Suddenly, she tensed up and my mouth was flooded with her juices. They still tasted sweet, so it must be her natural flavor. I felt her hips jerk in a rhythm as she came, sending even more of her juice into my mouth. After a few moments, she flopped over onto her side and caught her breath while Shelly worked my cock with her mouth.
She had stopped actively sucking me as Ben's thrusting was making it difficult for her to focus on me. I didn't mind. I disengaged my hard on and knee-walked around to Karen. She rolled over onto her back and scissored her legs up and open, baring her shaved pussy to me. I rubbed the head of my cock into her meaty labia, slapping the hood of her clit a couple of times. She was still flowing like a river and my cock slipped in deep on the first thrust. I could feel the heat from her pussy, but she was so wet and open, I couldn't feel much else. She wasn't nearly as tight as Shelly. It wasn't bad. It wasn't like I didn't enjoy the feeling. It was just different. Which is what I wanted, right?
After a while, I heard Shelly's breathing change, and I knew that signaled her impending orgasm. She was still on her knees, her face resting on its side on the bed, her hands underneath her at her pussy; probably strumming her clit as she was being fucked. She has never been a screamer, or really made much of any noise during sex, other than sighs and groans when something really pleased her. It was always her breathing that let me know I was doing it right. Evidently, Ben was doing it right.
When her back stiffened, I knew she had cum. After one or two twitching spasms, she fell forward off Ben's cock, leaving it swinging behind her. It was no thicker or longer than mine, which relieved me. I assumed he would slip back into Shelly after a moment, but Karen had other plans.
"Hey, baby. Bring that over here. I want both of you in me."
Well, okay, then. If she likes anal, let her have it. Shelly and I had played with it a few times, but neither of us was particularly enamored with it. Karen rolled us over, presenting her ass to her husband, and stopped moving as he got in position. I had never had another penis so close to me before and I hoped he didn't touch mine in the process. At least there would be some separation between us once he slipped his dick into her ass. I was holding her cheeks apart and her hands rested atop mine as he began to prod at her opening. But he didn't enter her ass.
Karen hissed as he pushed his cock into her pussy alongside mine! "Shit!" She cried when Ben bottomed out. "God, yes! Give me that cock. Fill my pussy with cock!"
I felt his cock moving back and forth inside her and rubbing the main vein of my own erection. I felt the wall of her pussy squeezing both of us as we fucked, though in my position on bottom, I couldn't move much.
The act was so outside my experience, I couldn't be bothered by the fact that another man's dick was touching mine. The only thing that mattered was that my dick was in a hot woman who was losing herself in her passion. It was so hot, made hotter when Shelly brought herself up and began to feast on Karen's enlarged nipples as her breasts swung.
We fucked like that for a while, the pressure in my balls building the whole time. Shelly alternated between kissing me, Karen and Ben, her hands running over all of us. It was like she couldn't touch enough of us at once. At one point, she swung her leg over my head, and I could see her juices running down her thigh as her pussy gaped open, almost crying to be filled. She settled on my tongue, and I did my best to fill her with my fingers as she humped my face.
Karen finally tensed up and I felt the warm wetness spill over my balls. She dug her fingers into my chest as her orgasm hit her hard. "FUCK! AAAAUUUUGGGHHHH GOD! Harder! Fuck me harder! Shit! I'm coming again! I can't stop!" Ben stepped up his attack on her pussy as I was just along for the ride. Her orgasm pushed me closer, and in a few seconds, I could feel my nut busting. I felt each surge as my cum shot into her overstuffed pussy. With a loud grunt, Ben added his seed to the mess gushing out of Karen's sodden gash. My deflating cock was squeezed out as Karen came again.
After Ben and Karen rolled away, Shelly kneeled between Karen's spread legs and stared wide-eyed at what she saw.
"My God! They wrecked you," she muttered. She reached out with trembling fingers, almost like she was afraid she might break something, and tenderly explored Karen's sex.
I sat up to watch. Karen's labia were distended and angry red. A mix of semen and fluid seeped from her gaping hole, running in streams between her ass cheeks and forming puddles on the sheets beneath her. I could see the puddles forming in her vagina, the foamy white standing out against the dark blood red of her distended pussy. I think I could even see the bulge of her cervix.
Shelly was transfixed as she ran her dainty fingers through the flaps of Karen's cunt, spreading the cum around. Karen was laying there, twitching occasionally, but evidently enjoying the light touches. "Wow," was all I could say.
"I know, right?" Shelly whispered.
"Can you believe we did that?"
"It was so hot," she said, never taking her eyes from Karen's pussy. She breathed deep and I heard her say something that would be a harbinger of things to come. "I want that."

#

I woke up with a start, my heart pounding in my chest. I looked around trying to orient myself. For some reason, I felt out of place in my own bed. I was a bit surprised to be awake, since it was still dark outside, and I rarely woke up before five AM during the week and never on weekends, but for some reason I was wide awake and sporting a woody. Now, I know when I went to bed I was thinking about my and Shelly's first swinging experience, and while that was hot, it wasn't enough to wake me up. No, something else woke me. I sat in silence as I ran through possible explanations. Then I heard it.
The sound was coming from outside my bedroom. It was not a sound that I usually heard in my home, but it did sound familiar, though it took me a while to place it, especially since it was so intermittent and quiet. I slipped from my bed and quietly tip-toed down the hallway before I heard it again.
It was a groan followed by a gasp.
It was coming from the guest room where Raine was sleeping. Perhaps it was my age, perhaps it was the fact that she was my granddaughter, perhaps it was the fact that I was still half-asleep, but my first thought was that she was sick or in pain. I approached the door intending on opening it and seeing her curled up in a ball, in her nightgown, suffering in pain in the dark. Maybe it was stomach cramps, maybe it was a pulled muscle, maybe it was the flu. When I got to the door, it was already wide open, which was unusual. The kids typically closed the door to keep their siblings out of their space.
The second thing I noticed was that Raine was not curled up, and not in her nightgown, and it was not dark. She had her laptop open next to her as she lay naked on the sheets; the duvet laying in a heap on the floor. Wait. Naked?
The glow from the laptop screen cast her skin in a blue hue, highlighting the swell of her huge breasts that were squeezed between her arms as her hands were between her smooth, muscular, thick thighs. Her swollen nipples sat atop her mounds like smaller versions of her voluminous breasts. The entire areola was puffy and the nipples themselves stood out like pencil erasers. Her face was turned toward the screen of her computer where I noticed two windows open. One was a video chat window of her boyfriend, naked and pulling on his cock, and the other looked like a porn video. I could see naked ass cheeks flexing in rhythm as someone was fucking someone else.
"You're so beautiful," Ryan said on the video chat as his hand stroked up and down his somewhat smallish erection. "I wish I was there touching you."
Raine didn't respond. She just ground her pubes into the heal of her hand, her legs stretched out in front of her, her toes pointing toward the far wall. She looked like a ballerina en pointe but laying down. I heard her breath catch, and her hips began gyrating faster, making her breasts jiggle on her chest. Her tongue snaked out to moisten her lips before she resumed panting with her efforts.
"Are you going to cum?" Ryan asked from the computer.
"Yessssssss," she hissed. Her thighs suddenly snapped open and spread wide as she tried to bring herself off. Then I heard the buzz. It was soft at first, but then her hand pulled back from her pussy, revealing the veined shaft of a vibrator, coated in her juices. She pulled it out until the tip remained, then plunged it in deep ending the stroke with a grunt. She repeated the motion, the buzzing fading and returning on each stroke and each stroke drawing a grunt. "Uhn, Uhn, Uhn."
I've seen a vibrator before, but I would never say I was an expert. This one, though, seemed awfully large. It turns out my granddaughter is a size-queen. That toy looked to be half-again as big as Ryan's meager offering, or larger. It was definitely not the cock of a high school kid.
"That's it," I heard her gasp, then she did something I did not expect. She reached over with one hand to the computer and made the porn video full screen, hiding her boyfriend from view. I guess she liked this video, because that hand she took off her pussy now began pulling on her nipple, almost painfully hard; stretching it several inches before releasing it to grab a handful of tit-flesh and squeezing, then pulling the nipple again.
"Oh!" She muttered under her breath. She bit her lip, her teeth almost deep enough to draw blood as she forced herself to be quiet. No doubt she didn't want to wake me or her brothers up with the sounds of her passion. It became too much for her and she gasped.
"Yes! God, yes! I'm coming! I'm coming!" Her hips began rolling, thrusting her pussy up to her hand, forcing the vibrator deeper, then rolling away. Her pussy flooded her hands squelching her passion as her fingers worked the shaft inside her. That video must be really hot to get her off that hard. I glanced at the screen.
My attention had been so focused on her orgasm that it took a moment to recognize what I was seeing on her computer. When I did, everything else went away. I found it difficult to breathe as I tried to understand what I was seeing. It was my ex-wife Shelly's face glued to a woman's pussy as some guy was pounding her from behind. I recognized the scene because I filmed it. Raine was jilling off to home-made porn of her own grandparents!
Stunned, I stepped back deeper into the hall, my mind trying to process what I had just witnessed. I know I shouldn't have watched my granddaughter pleasuring herself. It was wrong to even think about seeing her naked, no matter how hot her body is. Christ, even thinking that seems so wrong. But now, I have not only seen her naked, I watched her masturbating! Oh, I know I'm going to burn in hell for that. But it was so hot. She's my granddaughter. I changed her diapers for Christ sakes. But she has those incredible tits and that ass...I don't know that I've seen as ass as nicely sculpted.
My son had told me that he figured Raine was having sex. He wrestled with the urge to kill Ryan, and any other boy who came sniffing around. I didn't blame him. Even though I was her Grampa, I was very protective of Raine, and I would destroy anyone who hurt her. But now...did that include me? I'm the one spying on her. If I caught some pervert spying on her, I would put a.45 round in the back of his head. But here I was gawking at her naked, post-orgasmic, teen-aged body reclining on the bed, the fullness of her breasts undulating with her breathing.
I clamped my eyes shut and forced myself to return to my room. I needed to get the image out of my mind. I needed to get the urges out of my mind. I couldn't risk being caught outside her room with a hard-on. That thought brought a peculiar realization. My hard-on was gone. In its place was a sticky, limp penis nestled in cum-soaked cotton. I had cum and never even touched myself. Suddenly, I was exhausted. I entered my room, closed my door, and dropped into bed. I would deal with myself tomorrow.