The trust from my grandfather's estate paid for my education expenses but it was time limited to 5 years. I dropped out of Berkley after one year to explore life and now I needed to complete a degree. I wanted more privacy so I took a smaller end unit single dorm room on the third floor. The windows are large with drapes. Being on the third floor I could see into the same size unit on the second floor of the building a few yards across the way. After dark I noticed that the lights were on and it was a guy which peaked my voyeuristic self because he never closed his blinds. My fantasies ran rapid and hoped he might put on a show for me but during that first week I only saw him studying and very briefly naked as he undressed for bed. As the routine continued I lost interest with no titillation forthcoming.
By the fourth week I'd settled into classes and coming home from a Friday night out with some friends to have some wine and listen to a fairly good band. I showered and peeked through the drapes to see if he was in. He was sitting at his computer with no shirt and his hands in his lap. His monitor was sideways to the window so I couldn't see but thought that I might get a good look at his goodies. Just then he reached into a drawer and took out a bottle of what looked like it might be lube. He pushed back the chair revealing that he was completely naked with a good sized hard on and opened the top put some on his hands and dick, interestingly he wasn't circumcised. I'd seen pictures of course but never seen on in the flesh. I wondered what his foreskin would feel like in my hand and mouth. Still naked from the shower I opened the drapes enough to watch him. Obviously he was watching porn but I couldn't see what it was. I cupped my breasts and not getting any action for a few weeks felt my pussy getting wet. As my excitement grew I rubbed my nipples through the rough towel. He was slowly pumping his shaft and I could see the pink head peeking out on the down stroke and squeezed just below it. My towel had fallen to the floor and I was playing with my breasts and feeling my nipples harden as I pulled on them.
I rubbed my clit as I watched him jacking off and massaging his balls. I wanted to be penetrated and pushed two fingers of my right hand into my hole while rubbing my clit with my left. He continued and I visualized him fucking me. We both convulsed with orgasms at nearly the same time. The sight of his cum shooting out of his dick triggered my orgasm. Actually he didn't shoot into the air but oozed out running down on his hand and he wiped it onto his dick and continued to stroke it. Figuring that the show was over I was amazed that he kept going and I kept doing myself feeling another orgasm building 'Oh yes baby give it too me. Jam that had dick of yours in me deep and fast.' I staggered back and felt my juice running down my legs which was warm and wonderful. He stood up and at last I got to see his still fully erect penis which was beautiful and exciting as it bobbed when he walked. I cleaned myself off and went to bed. I was still horny thinking about his nice big dick and got out my longest dildo and shoved it up my pussy hard and deep. After a couple of orgasms I feel asleep on the wet sheets.
The next morning I was having breakfast at the cafeteria and he walked up to the table and sat down and said "Good morning". As we chatted I learned that he was a senior finishing a degree in physical therapy. My mind kept going back to seeing him masturbate and decided to be mischievous and asked him if he was dating anyone.
"No, I'm on a accelerated schedule that doesn't leave much time for romance."
"Same here I want to complete what would be normal class load for three years in the next two by taking summer classes."
"That's ambitious, how's lit going so far?"
"So far, so good but I've just started. I'm Sharon what's your name?"
"Hank, pleased to meet you. I've got to get going, I have a paper's due on Monday"
"Be seeing you."
He got up to leave as I thought, 'If he only knew' and smiled.
For the next several nights I peaked through the blinds hoping to see him masturbating but no luck. I'd bring up some porn on my laptop and used a vibrator and dildo which is a good combination, and get myself off usually thinking of his dick inside me then put the dildo in my mouth. What I really wanted was to suck his foreskin and taste his cum. This routine tapered off as midterms neared and my energy channeled to my class work.
On Friday night after exams I went out with some girlfriends and partied. They quizzed me about my love life and gave me encouragement to put a move on Hank. I left the bar and went back to my room feeling a little tipsy and extremely horny. I turned light on in the bathroom and left the other ones off. I opened the drapes seeing his light on. I was wet instantly but to my surprise he was holding a girl in his arms and kissing her. She was a pretty blonde and he unbuttoned her top with her obvious approval. Knowing that they couldn't see me I unbuttoned my top in sync with what he was doing to her and imagined that it was him undressing me. We continued to get down to underwear and as our bras came off his and his hand caressed our breasts teasing the nipples. He took off his shirt and pants and she and I cupped his cock and balls over his shorts. We could feel his dick harden and pulled down his boxers. As his waist band slide down his past his dick we kissed it at the base and kept pulling his shorts down until his hard cock sprang free and she caught it in her mouth. She pulled on his foreskin with her lips and hands but it didn't completely cover his crown. Taking him in her mouth for a few seconds and stood up holding his cock. He put his hands on our ass and then under our panties. After playing with our butts he striped them off and knelt down to lick our clits.
Now that we were all completely naked he played with our tits and tweaked our nipples. I was soaking wet between my legs and he put his finger in our pussies. I put two fingers in my mine and searched for my G spot imagining him doing the same thing to her. She and I stroked his dick and the foreskin made it easy to feel his ridge on the down stork. We pulled his pole to our pussies and rubbed it on our soaking wet clits and labia.
They moved out of sight and I could only see their legs on his bed. He moved down and was obviously was eating her out and I kept rubbing my clit feeling my orgasm building. He moved up and she bent her legs spreading her knees. I could see enough to know he was entering her and I grabbed my realistic dildo. I couldn't see beyond their feet and legs but using my plastic phallus I could feel him thrusting deep into our pussies. We all kept going, I reached orgasm first and kept going. I'm not sure which of them came first but we all got off a couple of times and it was heavenly. They laid still and turned off the light. I laid down and savored the freshly fucked feeling as I drifted into sleep.
The next morning I looked at his window hoping to see them being intimate but his light was off and I couldn't see anything. That was disappointing but life goes on and I went to breakfast thinking that they might be there. No such luck and I eat before going to my Saturday class. That night his light was on but he was studying, again I was disappointed.
The next morning I was having breakfast and he walked into the cafeteria. He walked in got his food and sat at my table,
"Good morning Sharon."
I was a little taken back that he had remembered my name and wondered if one of my girl friends had leaked my spying on him. We chatted a while and I concluded that such was not the case. For that matter I really didn't care if he did know. Maybe it would inspire him to put on a show for me.
"So how'd you do on the exams?"
"Most likely Ok, I prepared well. Even went out on date Friday night."
I thought yes you went out alright, you fucked me and Blondie's brains out. We said goodbye and I went on to my weekend class. I'd given up checking on him every night but kept thinking about what his foreskin would feel like. I bought an extra large condom put it on my silicon dildo with a little lube and sucked it hopping it was like a real one. It was interesting but it only increased my desire to experience a real one.
I checked on him most nights for a couple of weeks but only saw him studying but couldn't get the fantasy of playing with his foreskin out of my mind. Several times I used my condom covered dildo on a folded towel and laid on it to rub my pussy and get a release. I put up a note on the community bulletin board, '8 inch uncircumcised penis wanted' with a ghosted email address but the responses weren't encouraging. I thought of being less selective but that wasn't a good idea because in the campus community too may people knew who was doing what with whom and I didn't want to get a reputation of being a slut. The semester came to the end and I only saw him few times in the cafeteria but not even a 'Hi there' between us.
During the break between semesters I made a booty call to a fuck buddy and had some good but not great sex but at least he has an 8 inch dick and a king size bed. Sometimes a hard man is good to find. We used a rubber at my insistence feigning an SDI concern. Actually I wanted to simulate him with a foreskin in my mouth which was interesting but left me to feel no closer to that experience. Actually it more frustrating because I really love to suck cock and the condom got in the way of feeling that ridge on the head of his dick and the taste of cum in my mouth. When you get down to it I really am a slut but a selective one.
When classes started again his drapes were only open during the day and I wondered what that was about. One evening I looked out and his lights were on with the drapes open. The room looked empty and different, the bed had been moved to where I could see most of it. Maybe the show is on and about to start. The thought of that made me wet between my legs. It wasn't long before a young girl appeared wearing jeans and a top. This could get interesting and I touched my breast anticipating him undressing her. She turned out the light and I was disappointed but hoped to see more later on tonight.
The next night his drapes were open but I only saw the same girl as last night. She was pretty with short brown hair and young. Couldn't be more than 19, maybe Hank wanted some tight young pussy fresh off the farm. She moved out of sight and I kept looking then she came back into view wearing a long Tee showing her long skinny legs. Thinking that this could get interesting I took off all my clothes but she turned on the bed side lamp and the ceiling light off. Still no Hank and she got on the bed with the covers pushed down to the foot. She picked up a book and laid back reading it. I was puzzled but kept watching as she laid there lifting her knees and soon started playing with her tits. I played with mine as her hand moved to her crotch. She pulled her shirt up and put her hand inside her panties as she kept reading as her hand moved under them. I kept pace with her and she put the book down and pulled her panties off. She was shaved or waxed and her small thin fingers were rubbing her clitoris. My pussy juice was flowing down my leg as I played with my clit. This was the first time I'd watch another girl doing it and was amazed at that it made me so fucking hot. As my own orgasm built up hers was also and she pulled a dildo out of the nightstand and shoved it deep into her pussy and worked it hard and fast. That pushed me over the edge and I knees buckled as I came. By the time I'd recovered enough to stand up to look at her window her light was off and I went to bed.
I laid there wide awake and feeling unsatisfied. My pussy was wet and thought about using a dildo but wanting a live cock. I got up slipped on a short T-shirt that just barely cover my tits and a pair of shorts without panties and went down to the lounge hopping to find some man meat. There was a couple necking on a couch and a guy sleeping on another couch wearing baggy sweatpants. I knelt down on the floor and touched his thigh but he didn't stir. As I very lightly stroked his leg working my up toward his crotch it was obvious that he didn't have underwear on and his dick was becoming slightly erect. Feeling brave and disparately horny I lifted his waistband and put my hand inside. This only made me hotter and I gently lifted his tool to look at it. The gods must have been smiling because he was uncircumcised.
I could not pass up this opportunity and pulled down his waistband to get a better look. Not unexpectedly he opened his eyes and I quickly put my fingers on his mouth and shook my head no. He silently agreed and I pulled his pants off. There he was in all his glory and I took his limp dick in my mouth. The feeling of his foreskin was everything I'd imagined and it retracted as his erection grew.
The couple on the nearby couch had an unrestricted view of all this but I didn't care. Playing with his foreskin was making me beyond wet in my crotch. I pulled up my T-shirt and rubbed my tits on his nice sized dick then kissed him letting our tongues wrap around each other but I could wait no longer and pulled my shorts off which were sopping wet in the crotch. I put my knees on the couch and pulled his dick up to my pussy. I was so wet that he easily slipped in to the hilt. I rocked on him slowly savoring the feeling of his cock filling my pussy and moving in and out, I came and kept going. He played with my tits and I felt another orgasm building. When he reached his climax the feeling of his cum hitting my cervix sent me over the edge like fireworks.
I pulled off of him and kneeled down to suck our combined juices off of his penis which tasted wonderful. After I pulled my shorts on I looked at the other couple, his pants were down to his ankles and hers were laying on the couch. She was bobbing her head on his pole and I thought about joining them but decided to let that pass to another day. I grabbed a ball point and wrote my number on his hand, smiled and gave him a kiss. I slept great that night that comes from being fresh fucked.