The following is the first chapter of a Bisexual story, that will contain straight sex, gay sex, and bisexual group sex. All characters are over 18 and completely fictional. Please enjoy.
*****
I would say my childhood was fairly normal. Having just turned 18 last week, I was the youngest of 3 kids. I have an older brother, Tommy, who is 22. He's 5'11 with dark brown hair and deep blue eyes. He's fairly muscular, and works as a mechanic. He lives in a small apartment above the garage having an agreement with Dad that he could live there for free if he'd fix dad's car free of charge whenever something went wrong, and something was always going wrong.
I also have a beautiful 20 year old sister, Samantha. She has soft pale skin and bright red hair, just like my mother. She is little and petite, but has a nice, round bubble butt that I've always paid extra attention to when I'd see her in a bikini around the pool.
Mom and Dad are also extremely attractive. They're been together for 25 years. Dad, Joe, is 45, he's extremely muscular from his job in construction, with his chest and abs covered in thick black hair that matches the hair on his head. He is 6'2 and has always been the head of the house, in a very dominate but loving way. Mom, Lisa, on the other hand is very sweet and docile. She isn't as fit as she was when she and dad first married, 3 kids will do that to you, but she's still a knock out. At age 44, she has long beautiful red hair that has yet to show gray, she had large breasts and a shapely ass which you could often catch her shaking back and forth while she vacuumed.
Then there's me, Jared. Newly 18 and a couple weeks out of high school, I was enjoying my last real summer of freedom before starting at the local community college in the fall. I'm fairly average in most respects. I have dark brown hair and blue, eyes. I'm 6 feet tall. I'm not super muscular like my dad or brother, but I'm in decent shape. I have a nice layer of hair on my chest and just above my cock, which is the part of me that's far from average. At 8 and a half inches long and 5 inches thick it's always been my pride and joy. I always got off on showing it off when I had the chance.
I've always known I was bisexual. If someone was attractive I knew it and whether they had a cock or pussy didn't really change it, which made growing up in my family so difficult. Constantly surrounded by 4 sexy people of different genders can make a teen bisexual explode, and I did almost every night in my room thinking about some combination of my family and me fucking, thinking it was only a fantasy, my family isn't like that. How wrong was I.
While mom seemed thrilled to have all 3 kids staying under her roof past the age of 18, dad seem slightly annoyed. At first we thought maybe we were just being paranoid, that he truly loved us and wanted us around, but one night at dinner my brother finally spoke up and we learned that we were right, but not for reasons we might have thought.
"Dad, there's something that's been on our minds that I want to ask." Tommy stated.
"Well what is it" Dad replied.
"It's just since Jared and Sam are staying here during college and I live above the garage, you seem like your slightly annoyed at our presence."
"To be honest, I am." Dad said.
"JOSEPH!" Mom snapped.
Sam, always having to be right, "I told you so."
"Now everyone let's not get this whipped out of proportion. I am slightly annoyed that you're still here, but not because I don't love you, but because I really love your mother. We've always been a family to talk openly so here it goes. Before your mom got pregnant with Tom, we use to be real nudist like. We'd walk around naked all day, not a care in the world. If I got horny, there was nothing stopping me from taking your mother anywhere any time I pleased. I raised my kids and have waited 22 long years for that kind of freedom again, and by god, I just wanna be able to come home strip nude after a hard days work and fuck my gorgeous wife anytime anywhere that I want."
We all sat silently for a minute, not sure what to say. It's true. Mom and Dad's sex life over the last two decades has been relegated to waiting until all 3 of us were out of the house or doing it in absolute silence at night. As my room was next to theirs I'd sometime hear the subtle creaking of their mattress, and would get horny knowing that dad was probably balls deep in my mother.
I was the first to finally speak, "Well, you shouldn't let us stop you."
Everyone suddenly looked at my with a slight confusion.
"Pardon?" mother softly said.
"Dad's right, he's raised 3 kids and he did an damn fine job if I do say so myself. He deserves that kind of freedom. He is the man of this house, he pays the bills, we all live for free, if wants to be able to have sex with mom anywhere and be naked he should get to do it and not really worry about whether or not we're there."
Dad looked at me, a glint of pride in his eye, "You'd really be okay with that? What if you walk in a see your mom and me fucking? That wouldn't upset you?"
Upset me, it's turn me on, I thought silently before replying "No, why should it, you're married and in love. We shouldn't stand in the way of your freedom, you're earned it. Plus. Me and Tommy use to share a room, I've seen him naked plenty, seen him fucking some chick in the bed next to me, that never bothered me."
"That's true," Tommy replied, "The only reason I think any of us wear clothing is because we thought you two were prudes. When Jared comes up to my place we're always sitting on my sofa, cocks out, playing video games, and when you two are out, Sam is out by the pool sunbathing nude."
Mom seemed slightly offend by his revelation, "You thought we were prudes? Far from it, we just didn't think you'd be comfortable see us in the nude all the time."
Tommy smiled, "Doesn't bother us none, besides Dad, having us here may make it fun. Knowing Jared was watching, having a audience while I fucked always made it more exciting."
Dad smirked back, "So what you're saying is I could just start fucking your mother right here and you all wouldn't be upset?"
"If that's what you want daddy, go for it." Sam replied.
"You heard them honey bend over the table."
"What? Now?" mom asked in mild shock.
"Yes, now. We're gonna find out just how serious they all are. Plus, My cocks been throbbing with all this sex talk."
Without a word, mom stood up, pushed some plates aside and bent over the table. Dad stood up, dropping his jeans to reveal his hard, thick, uncut 9 inch cock. Now I know where I get it from. He moved quickly behind mom and pulled her panties off, bringing them to his nose and inhaling deeply, before tossing them onto the table where they landed in front of Tommy.
Dad moved his big hands between mom's thighs, and inserted them into mom, causing her to release a slight moan. "You're just as turned on by all this as I am you little slut," dad taunted as he lifted his fingers to his mom and licked mom's juices off of them.
By this point my cock was aching my my jeans. My brother had it easier as he was wearing his running shorts, and I could see his cock start to peek out the leg. My sister on the other hand was flushed red, moving her thighs back and forth. Clearly she was as turned on as the rest of us.
Dad didn't hesitate and immediately shoved himself balls deep into mom, cause her to scream in Ecstasy. He continued this for a bit, pulling almost all the way out before shoving his meat back in deep. The table was shaking, mom and dad were moaning in unison. They looked like they were in heaven.
I had noticed my sister had slipped her hand into her shorts and appeared to be fingering herself. She locked eyes with me and licked her luscious pink lips before returning her attention back to the fuck show before us.
Dad continued fucking mom rough, wrapping his hand around her throat he lifted her up to kiss her neck. He quickly yanked her blouse down causing her large tits to bounce free. He grabbed on to them for a minutes, still sucking on her neck, before slamming her back down onto the table, grabbing her hips, and continuing to pound her hard.
This was all too much for my brother, who could no long resist playing with himself. Having pulled up his shorts he was now stroking his hard 7 inch cock. He looked up and noticed mom and dad had their eyes closed, and took the opportunity to grab mom's panties and take a whiff of them, before wrapping them around his hard member and stroking himself with them.
Tommy looked up at dad and asked "That feel good Dad?"
"Oh fuck yes Tommy, I had a lot of pussy in my day but your mom's is the hottest!"
Just as I, not being able to hold off anymore, finally released my hard cock from it's denim hell, mom screamed loudly, as she squirted all over dad's cock. I could see the wetness running down their legs as he kept fucking her like a bitch in heat.
I looked over and saw my sister's head back still fingering her pussy, she was biting her lip to stifle a moan as he too came. Not to be undone, my brother's pace quickened and he soon shuddered as he filled mom's panties with his spunk. The site of his gooey cum on mom's lace panties was to much and after just a couple strokes, I blasted all over my t-shirt.
As the 3 of us slowly recovered from earth shattering orgasms, 2 more where happening. Mom was shaking and panting, truly acting like dads bitch.
Dad's thrusting became more frantic as he screamed out, "Oh my god this is so fucking hot! I'm gonna breed your hot cunt babe, are you ready? You want my load in your pussy?"
"Oh god yes Joe!"
"Say it bitch!"
"Please, Joe, I want your cum deep inside my cunt, I need your hot sperm inside me baby."
That set dad off, "OH FUCK YES! I'M CUMMING!"
He thrust 3 more time very deeply before finally stopping and bending down to kiss mom gently on the back on the neck. "Fuck you are incredible." After a few tender moments, Dad finally pulled his softening cock out and looked at his 3 children.
"You were right Tommy," he said, "it's so much hotter with an audience." Then looking down at the cum on my shirt, "Quite a load there son, glad you like the show."
"Oh honey, all over your nice new tank top? Her give it to mommy so I can wash it."
"But what am I supposed to wear, It feels weird eating dinner shirtless."
"Here, have mine," dad said as he removed his t-shirt revealing his hard chest glistening with sweat, "I don't need it anymore, I'm never wear close around the house again. And if any of you want to you don't have to either."
I pulled off my shirt and handed it to mom before putting dad's on. I immediately became overwhelmed by the smell of him, and my cock started to rise again.
"Well I don't wanna be naked ALL the time, Now where did my panties get to?"
"Here they are mom," Tommy said, handing them to her from off her lap.
Me and Tommy watched intently as mom slipped them on. "Wow, I must have been really turned on, these panties are soaked." Mom said before heading off the laundry room.
My brother gave me a sly smile before continuing to eat his dinner. We all sat in silence, think about what just occurred and how none of us could wait for it to happen again.
To Be Continued...