Edited by Notemale.
------------------------------------------------
I woke up in the morning, fresh and delighted after spending yesterday with Uncle Steve and eventually became his sugarbaby. I was definitely drawn into his desires, but anxious about doing it for real. After all, the relationship seemed kind of immoral. Daddy has gone to work. He left a box on the dining table with a note attached, 'Wait for my message'. Soon his message arrived.
My Adored Baby,
By now you know that it is my deepest desire to turn you into my sugarbaby. But it is certainly not my desire to make you that kind of worthless sex slave. I want you to be my partner, my good girl and my pet. I want you to be my partner to explore our lusts and share the pleasures! A pet for me to pamper and love! Don't misunderstand that I am and have been a pervert, or that kind of sex predator ready to prey on you or any other woman. I have been a faithful man and you are my first and perhaps last sugarbaby in my life. You are the one and my only one.
Now that we have a better understanding of each other, I think this is the opportunity to bring us even closer together; Me as your Master, your Daddy and you as my submissive, my good girl and my fucktoy.
There are collars and chains in the box. You should know that these are your symbols of your submission. When you are wearing them, you submit all of yourself to your Master, obey any order, and fulfill any demand. You submit to do anything and everything to satisfy your Master, that's me. If you agree to be my submissive, please wear them so I know you are mine and you belong to me totally.
I don't expect you to wear it and be mine all the time, every day. You may take it off whenever you don't feel like being my pet, anytime at all and I understand and I will respect you decision. You are still my lovely Nikki that I adore and cherish so much, regardless of your decision. And you could still stay with me to finish your studies.
If you decide to reject my offer, place this box back on the dining table so that I am informed later when I come home. But if you agree to be my submissive, wear one of them. You will find 2 sets inside the box. The elegant metal lariat is for away from home or when we have guest at home, the leather collar is for home use, but you are free to wear it outside or in front of our guests if you feel like it.
Now, wear the collar or chain of your choice and continue to read the instructions in the box.
Love,
Uncle Steve
Uncle Steve was giving me a second chance to decide for myself!
I opened the box and found a leather collar measuring almost 5 cm wide, leashed with a black lead. A metal tag engraved with 'S' was attached to the collar. 'S' probably for Steve, Uncle Steve, my Daddy, my Master. There was another black lariat, with an O-ring at one end and a silver horn pendant at the other, also engraved with a character 'S'.
I brought the box up to my bedroom, took a deep breath and put the chain round my neck, carefully passed the pendant through the O-ring and leashed myself.
"Yes Daddy." Feeling so belonged, I replied obediently as if Daddy was around. I shivered by the cold of the solid chain and my whole body awaken! A thrill sensation flushed through my whole body and I was aroused!
My Adored baby,
Your Daddy is extremely delighted that you are reading this note. Take a good bath and shave yourself clean. I want you completely clean and smooth. Then put on the clothes in the box and bring the envelope to the address written on the front. Do not open the envelope. I think you will love the task!
Love,
Master.
"You are a fucktoy to your Daddy now! Be a good girl, be a good fucktoy." I looked at myself in the mirror, touching the horn pendant and reminded myself to be the perfect submissive.
I stripped myself naked with only the chain remaining on my neck. The black color chain stood out prominently on my porcelain white skin. The pendant landed at the beginning of my cleavage framed by my boobs decorated with erect nipples.
The first piece of the outfit was a creamy yellow knit top. The knitted fabric was thick but the top was small in size and felt so tiny in my hand! The top fitted easy on me! It was a loose, dropped armholes, V-neck cropped top! The armholes dropped below the base of my breasts and the v-neck was very low cut leaving half of my breast exposed from both the front and side! The straps ran all the way over my shoulders, down my bare back and only met it support at my mid back. The next garment was a black mini skirt, short and smooth.
And today I am going out like this! My Daddy wanted me to go out like this! Wearing these skimpy clothes with no bra and no panties! My pussy instantly warmed up.
I did not know exactly where I am going to and for what. With only a sealed envelope, I drove to the address and found myself in the middle of a street. As the country was still under movement control, the street was quiet and deserted. I parked my car and walked along the shops to my destiny. My breasts were bouncing behind the loose top that could barely contain them.
I reached the shop lot unit as stated in the envelope. The storefront was basically installed with steel panel painted in black. Only one small heavily tinted glass window provide an opening to the street. My heart sank and I panicked when I noticed the mailbox bearing the company name, Adam's Studio! Could this be the studio of my Daddy's good friend that he has been mentioning! Daddy said Adam is a professional photographer. I wanted to run away but the steel door opened and a young man sneaked his head out. "May I help you Miss?" He asked.
"Ya... ummmm... I come here for... for..." I was stuck as I really have no idea about my visit. "Here." I showed him the envelope.
"Is that your form? Ok, come in." He did a quick scan from my head to toes and opened the metal door for me. He opened the envelope while I sat on the sofa.
"Nikki?", "Yes. It's me."
"Great! Let's see." He placed the form on the coffee table. I immediately leaned forward to see what exactly the form is about. The form titled "Model Application".
"Nikki, let's go through the form again so that we have the same understanding OK?", "OK."
"First time?", "First time here? Yes. First time.",
"I mean is this your first time modeling?", "Oh yes... first time." My heart pumping forcefully.
"Great! Don't worry, we are professional and we will guide you."
"Here it's stated that you are OK with total nude. Am I right?" He looked up at me.
Total nude! What total nude? Completely naked? I asked myself in my mind.
"Nice pendant, Nikki."
He praised my pendant that was dangling in front of my chest.
"Thank you. Total nude?" My breasts were dangerously hanging at the edge, about to drop out from the skimpy tiny top. Was he actually looking at my cleavage?
"Yes. Total nude. Means you will remove your clothes if they ask you to.", "Sure... yes... total nude... yes." I was excited by the idea.
"Touching with permission?", "Touching? What?" He must be puzzled why I am still clueless about the form!
"Means if they think you are suitable for more erotic shot, like a man touching your breasts..." He looked at my cleavage while asking me.
"Or touching other parts of your body, your butt, your pussy, or even your butthole, they need to ask first and you are willing to consider. Right?" His explicit example turned my bottom moist.
"Yes..." I figured that I can only answer "Yes" as the form was filled up by Daddy.
"Great! Now, toy shot like using vibrator, dildo, anal plug, etc. you are OK?", "Yes..."
"Penetration NO... am I right?", "Penetration??!!"
"Ya, penetration, like insert finger inside your sex, not just finger, could be actual cock, hardcore kind of thing"
"Yes... NO I mean no." I began to wonder what kind of model is that and was surprised to know we have this kind of modeling in my country!
"That's all Nikki. And please sign the form."
I was delighted to know my Daddy did not sign the form on my behalf. Leaving me to make the decision. He then led me to the room next door and I saw a man sitting at the desk. He was somehow taken aback when he saw me. I was extremely nervous too. Didn't expect to see Daddy's friend while wearing a skimpy outfit with no bra, no panties. But as this was arranged by my Daddy, I will just follow through. Maybe Daddy wanted to show off his new sugarbaby to his best friend. I was aroused further by the thought.
He was apparently surprised when he saw my form.
"HI Nikki... what a surprise to see you here. I am Adam, Steve's friend. Welcome!"
I unconsciously adjusted my top and realized how skimpy it actually was.
"Nikki... Please sit down."
"Uncle Steve asked me to come here with the form... I don't know what the form is about." I quickly explained.
He looked through the form carefully. "Well, I have to say it is my honor to receive your form. Steve always mentioned that you are a gorgeous, sexy lady."
He was looking at me with his sexy, penetrating gaze. My face blushed because of his comment and suddenly felt so naked in front of him. I unconsciously adjusted my tiny top again to cover my chest properly. Adam noticed my predicament.
"Don't misunderstand. I do not mean to offend you. You are the friend of my best friend. But honestly as a professional photographer, you have a gorgeous, nice body with a pretty face. Certainly fine material for photography."
"Thanks Adam. I am sorry, just that I am so anxious about what's happening now."
"I see. Not to worry, I will take good care of you. And you don't have to do anything that you are not comfortable with, even though you have given your consent. Is that OK?"
"Sounds better."
"By the way, Steve didn't inform me that you are coming today. Anyway, since you are here. Let's make the best out of it. Is that alright Nikki?", "Yes... thanks Adam."
"You see, I run a private photography group and one of the subjects is body art and erotic photography. As the name implies, the model will be wearing something sexy and usually will end up naked, totally. Sometimes it also involves some erotic theme like..."
He hesitated a while.
"Like cosplay, masturbation or some more serious stuff like BDSM, domination, spanking, even love making or fuck... it's all depends on the models and the photographers, and the chemistry of the day."
Does that mean porn? I asked myself.
"But don't worry, we are all professionals in here."
"Here? You mean I will do it today? Here?" My heart skipped a beat!
"Oh No no no. Most of the time here but not today. Today I will help you to build your model profile. In fact, most of the details are here. I just need some photos. Would that be alright?"
"Alright.... I guess." I was relieved but my body was aroused.
"Fantastic. Now Nikki let me take a look at you." He picked up a camera from his desk and walked out from his office area.
"Come."
He led me over to another bigger room with lighting equipment. He pointed his camera at me.
"Sexy outfits... suit you well. Ok. Your makeup is fine. Is this what you are gonna wear for today?"
Then he noticed my pendant and he walked closer.
"May I?" He picked up the pendant from my chest.
"Holy shit! This pendant has found her new owner... Nikki, I don't know you are Steve's!"
New owner!? Who was the old owner? I wondered.
"Yes... I am..." my face turned warm and started burning. Now Adam knew about me being a sugarbaby to Uncle Steve. And he obviously knew about the old owner!
"Bastard Steve, How lucky!" My face blushed again.
"Ok, Ok... let's focus on our job here. Nikki, I will start taking photos of you wearing your clothes," "That's basic for model application." Adam added on.
"I see... help me please. I am totally new to this."
"First take an overall shot... just look at the camera and smile."
I stood there and let Adam take his first photo of me. Then he guided me for the second post with the portrait shot.
"Now you will need to sell yourself to the camera, so that our members will come to your session."
"Sell myself.", "Yes, impress the camera... show your nice sexy body.", "How..." My nipples were hardening and I can't stop it!
"Ok. Now turn sideways... either put your hands behind your bum or lift your hands to caress your hair... show off your boobs and smile."
The cropped top has a dropped armhole and when I held my hands behind my bum, the side of my breast was completely exposed to the camera.
"Great! Now look at the camera... smile.", "You have nice firm boobs."
"Thanks." I began to feel nice and sexy because of his praise. And I saw a small bulging at Adam's crotch. Then I raised my hands to caress my hair and let my side boob exposed to the camera again.
"Nice... now lean a little bit at the wall, same pose... look at the camera..."
The loose top dropped down and my breasts were dangling free. More of my side boob was exposed to the camera. My skirt rose dangerously high up my butt.
"Yes... nice... sexy..."
"Nikki... since you applied to be a model here, I want to be very honest with you, so that you are well informed and truly get what you want..."
He walked closer to me and stopped behind me, holding my hips.
"You see, there are many themes and levels of erotic art as I told you before. The members will decide the level and theme based on the photos in your profile."
"If you show conservative photos, members may just invite you to some light stuff like bikini shot, which is boring, seldom organized and usually not well attended. But if you have more daring photos, that opens up members' imagination and the chances of you getting selected will be higher and members' interest will be higher as well."
"I suggest you go for more erotic shot. Is that OK with you?"
I nodded my head in agreement.
"May I?" He showed his hand and asked if he could touch me.
"Ok."
He put his hand on my lower back underneath the top, directly touching my skin. This was the first time he touched my body. I was getting anxious as I did not know if this was all intended by Daddy, letting his buddy touch me?
"You need to arch your back... lower back here." He pressed my lower back then another hand slowly travelled up along my ribs, lightly slid over the side of my breast. Was Adam feeling me up? I was not sure. Is my Master watching? Is he hiding somewhere watching me?
I tried to check around the room.
"Don't worry Nikki, nobody is watching us. Relax."
"Now curve your lower back upward and flex your upper body backwards... like an 'S'.", "How..."
"Ok... imagine you are leaning at the wall, pointing your back to Steve, he is sitting on the sofa admiring you... and you want him to notice your nice firm ass, and even look up your skirt."
"Yes... point your ass up into the air... like telling Steve, come fuck me please." his hand travelled down my buttock until his thumbs reached my butt crease.
"Come lift your ass up..."
"Ummmmm..." With his words and his touch, my body turned to jelly and a moan escaped my lips.
"It's not easy but I think you know how now. You just need some practice."
"Now you are going to show your nice ass in your profile... I mean your anus and pussy... are you ready?" He then pulled my skirt up and exposed my pantyless bottom.
"Fantastic... you don't usually wear your underwear?", "No... No Adam... this is Steve's idea..."
"So your Master didn't give you underwear?" Adam already knew Uncle Steve is my Master!
"No... No underwear... for today."
"Amazing!" He pulled my skirt all the way up my back to completely expose my bare bottom. For the first time, Adam saw my most private part. My heart was pumping like wild horse!
"Now stay this way... let me take some good shots." My pussy started to fill with love juice as Adam took a few shots of my most private part of my body.
"You have a nice puffy pussy. The members will go crazy over your session."
"But if you could caress your pussy lips a little bit, make it look moist and swollen... would be much nicer... you don't have to if you don't want to."
"Just use my finger?", "Yes... just finger her and see how." Adam knelt down to see how I was taking care of my pussy.
I reached down to my crotch and my fingertips touched my pussy lips and my crack, my love juice immediately stained my fingertips. I was surprised that I was so wet and extremely embarrassed that my pussy seemed to be leaking right in front of Adam!
"Ummmm.... huhhh..." I tried to suppress my moan but could not as my fingertips sunk deeper into my wet crack. Is this necessary? Make my pussy wet for the profile photo? Or Adam is taking advantage of me? I asked myself. It was embarrassing but I could not stop myself either!
"Yes... massage your pussy lips... make them wet..." Adam was observing closely.
"Ummm.... ummm... is that OK?" My pussy was leaking right before Adam's eyes but I couldn't help it and I somehow felt good about leaking right before his eyes! What a strange feeling!
"Yes... perfect! Now show the camera how wet your pussy is..."
Is he dirty talking to me? But it was true that I was so eager to show my wet pussy!
I leaned on the wall and arched my bottom again, trying my best to show my aroused sex.
Click... click... click...
"Now turn over, butt against the wall and lean down a little bit. Rest your hands on your thighs."
My chest thrust forward and my breasts were hanging at the edge of my top.
"I need a shot of your boobs... with your nipples showing." Without asking, he slipped his fingers underneath the straps and traced down the v-neck and released my breasts from the top. His fingers brushed over my stiff nipples. My bullet hard nipples refused to give way causing intense frictions that shook my body.
"Ummm...." another moan escaped my lips. I was extremely embarrassed by the hardness of my nipples, but the electrifying touch was amazing!
He stepped backward and took a few more shots of my exposed breasts.
"Great! That's all I need for your profile. Thank you for joining us Nikki.", "Welcome."
While I was straightening my outfit Adam looked at me again and wanted to say something but did not have the courage.
"Yes Adam?"
"Nikki... the Steve that I know is a Dom, do you want to take something in a submissive theme? I think Steve would appreciate that very much. If that's ok, we can add that to your profile too. How about that?"
"Submissive?", "Yes. Submissive, just very light and symbolic."
"Is the previous owner a submissive too?", "Yes she was, a very lovable submissive."
"Is she Uncle Steve's deceased wife?" I asked the most important question that has been lingering in my mind.
"Yes, Sara is her name." Sara, the woman in the photos at home!
"I am a submissive too, I am always a submissive in my own fantasy. But I never did anything before. Help me please, I want to make Daddy happy."
"Yes, make your Daddy happy!" Adam replied with a grin.
A tongue slip turned my face blushed in full redness.
"I am ready, help me please Adam." I asked nervously.
"Great! Let's say just a little tied up." He walked away to the cabinet and came back with a black strap.
"Your hands..." Adam was breathing heavily. He seemed to be excited about this too. Is he remembering Sara? Did he do the same for Sara too?
I slowly lifted up my hands to him. He then tied my hands together at my wrists. I felt extremely vulnerable yet at the same time I could feel my pussy begin to flood.
"Now lean against the wall." He led me to stand against the wall. "Comfy?"
I nodded.
"Now raise your hands above your head."
Then he pulled my V-neck down again until the top was completely under the base and completely released my breasts.
"May I?" He asked but didn't wait for my answer. He pinched and pulled my already hard nipples.
"You need to look very aroused."
"Huhhhh.... Adam... ummm..." The mixture of pain and pleasure was somehow enjoyable. I could not hold my moans.
"You need to show your master that you are ready to be fucked...." My love juice began to fill my pussy.
He took his camera again and pointed at me. "Look away... look down..." Click... click... click... He started his shooting again.
"Great! Now, sit down, keep your knees together but spread your legs apart."
"Adam?" If I spread my legs apart my soaking wet pussy will be exposed!
"Don't worry... it will turn out very nice."
I slowly spread my legs apart and my wet pussy revealed before the camera. My love juice slowly drooling down my perineum.
He half squatted down and continued his work. Click... click... click...
"Now spread your knees... and spread your legs... show your master your pussy and boobs completely."
That means I will be completely giving myself away to his camera and his eyes! That means every private part of me will be on display! I was struggling whether to follow him or not. I felt very embarrassed as he is Daddy's best friend. But on the other hand I was excited about showing off my aroused sex to him!
My body followed his instructions.
My outer pussy lips pulled apart revealing my wet love opening. And I could not hide away my swollen glistening clit from the camera too! I was extremely turned on by my own lewd display!
Click.... click... click....
Yes... I am a helpless exhibitionist slut! Come look at my pussy and my boobs! See how horny I am. I was screaming inside my mind!
Click... click... click...
My love juice was drooling but I was shamelessly showing off myself to the camera!
"Great! Fantastic!!!" Adam's comment brought me back to reality.
He walked much closer to me and his bulging pants were just a foot away from my face. He was having an erection! I was panicked about what was going to happen.
"Nikki... look up to the camera. Imagine your master is looking down at you... and he wants you to suck his cock. I want a close up of your face." Adam gave his instruction from above me.
My face blushed in full redness and the heat spread down my chest and my crotch. The bulge of his erection was just inches away from my face.
I looked up to the camera and he started shooting.
"Open your mouth... imagine your master is about to shove his big cock into your mouth.... close your eyes." I succumbed to his explicit instructions, opened up my mouth and got ready for Daddy's cock like a good fucktoy!
"Tell yourself that you are going to suck his cock completely into your mouth... deep down your throat...", "Yes.... just like that!!! Great!"
Is Adam imagining himself deepthroat me? Is he remembering Sara? All the questions flickering in my mind. My heart pounded fast and heavy.
What if Adam really forces his cock into me? What if Daddy asked him to fuck me today? Is Daddy hiding somewhere and secretly watching? How big is his cock? How long is his cock? How deep would he force his cock down my throat? Is Adam a rough person?
I felt extremely vulnerable but at the same time extremely turned on!
Click... click... click...
"Great! We are done here."
I came back to reality. When I opened my eyes, Adam went back to his desk. Adam did not do anything to me. I was relieved but kind of disappointed too. I suspect I may not be able to resist him if he really makes his move because I was so ready to be used!
"Adam... the photos?"
"Don't worry Nikki. We will do touch up and get your approval first before loading up to your profile. The last part I will share with Steve, those are for him. Only if he agrees then I will upload them to your profile."
"Adam, can I ask you something about Sara, and you?"
"Nikki, I am not sure if I should answer you or your Daddy should. Anyway, I will try."
"You tied her up before, like you just did just now?"
"Yes, I did. I did much more than tie her up." Adam was getting excited again. His eyes sparkle with lusts. I was getting excited too. The person in front of me could do to me the same thing he did to Daddy's wife! And I was totally down with the idea!
"You... how do I put it... you fucked her?"
"Yes. I did. With Steve's permission and her consent of course."
My heart pumped like a wild horse and my face was in full blush! I quickly tidied up my clothes and left the studio.
My mind was so full of today's encounter with Adam. By the time Daddy came home I was so horny. I waited at the living room wearing just my mini dress without my underwear for Daddy's quick access to my aroused body.
"Kneel down Nikki!" Daddy gave his command the moment he came inside the house. He appeared serious and struggled to keep his emotions. My heart raced fast and I quickly kneeled in front of Daddy. I knew something went wrong!
Daddy unzipped his pants and took out his cock in one swift action. His cock was already hard! Then without saying anything he grabbed my hair and stuffed his thick hard cock into my mouth. I immediately knew what Daddy wanted and began to suck and massaged his cock. Daddy was horny as hell just like me!
"Good girl!" Soon Daddy began to deepthroat me unmercifully.
After being satisfied using my mouth, Daddy carried me to the living room. He laid me face down on the sofa and my tummy on the sofa armrest. He lifted my dress to reveal my wet love hole and asshole. With his 2 hands squeezing my butt cheeks, he asked,
"Today in Adam's studio, did you get aroused?"
My heart sank not knowing how to reply. I was extremely turned on but would Daddy be angry if I replied honestly?
"Daddy, I..." I dared not answer his question.
"Answer me, Nikki!" Daddy spanked me causing my body to jerk.
"Did you get turned on?" Daddy spanked again.
"Ouch! Daddy, I am sorry!"
"Did you get turned on? Answer the question!" Daddy spanked hard again. My whole body jerked again and tears began welling at my eyes.
"Yes Daddy. YESSSSS... I got so turned on today! I am sorry Daddy!" I almost screamed when Daddy spanked me again!
"Good girl Nikki, I want an honest answer. Now tell me, were you thinking of fucking Adam or let Adam fuck you?"
I didn't know if I should answer Daddy's question honestly. As I was pondering my answer Daddy spanked again! The pinching pains drilled through my spine and tears rolled down my face. Daddy leaned down on my back with his giant cock squeezed between my butt cheeks.
"Now tell me Nikki, were you thinking of fucking Adam or let Adam fuck you?" He whispered near my ear.
"Yes Daddy I did."
"Good girl Nikki! That's my good girl!" With one quick action, Daddy inserted his cock into my wet tunnel and fucked me hard and deep. Finally my horny pussy received the pleasure I was longing for the whole day! The house immediately filled with our moans.
"Do you want Adam to fuck you like how Daddy fuck you?" Daddy continued to slam his crotch on my ass. His cock went balls deep inside me every time he forced his body onto me!
"Yes Daddy! I want Adam to fuck me like how Daddy fuck me!"
"Good girl Nikki! Good girl! You are my dirty little slut! I love it!" Soon I cum hard on Daddy cock and he emptied his cum load deep inside me.