"Bennie! Hey, Bennie! Can you come here so I can talk to you?" I looked up, Mrs. Jarvis was at the fence between my Mom and Dad's house and the one she and her husband Henry owned.
I walked over there, figuring she wanted me to mow her yard, cut brush, carry something. I did odd jobs all over the neighborhood and knew everyone, of course. Being barely eighteen and strapping from being on the wrestling squad, I could manage a lot of work so they all called me.
I liked Mrs. Jarvis, she was pretty for an older lady, she had to be at least in her 30's. Always well dressed, her hair nicely brushed out, she often wore those women's business suits since she did something in an office someplace.
"Hi, Mrs. Jarvis. Is there something I can help you with?" I was sort of hoping, I only needed to save up another $300.00 and I would have enough to buy Jack William's 1966 Chevy Nova.
+++
That old car had sat out in Mr. William's back yard just three blocks over for as long as I could remember, it was jet black and beautiful, even with four flat tires. He had a big canvas tarp over it nearly all of the time. I doubted he would ever really do much with the car, he had to be close to sixty by then.
And it ran, I knew it did since I was over there mowing right next door and he had uncovered it and fired it up. It sounded great, he was telling me all about how he had taken the original 230 cubic inch six cylinder out and stuffed in a 327 cubic inch V-8. There were some funny looking exhaust manifolds, I could see where he had cut holes into the fenderwells to get those in there.
It sat there idling with a healthy sounding rumble, I wanted that car so badly I could taste it. With it all cleaned up and shining, I could probably date any girl in our town, no problem.
It already had chrome wheels and some pretty fat looking tires on the rear. And it sounded like it was really fast, there were three two barrel carbs under the hood, and Aluminum valve covers, man!
That is what was in my head, of course, dating girls. With that car I knew I could get dates. I even sat in the old car, noted it had only 34,000 miles on the odometer.
So we talked about the machine, I mentioned that I wanted to buy my first car, then he asked me if I might like to buy the Nova. It was a feeling out process, something I already was getting good at from negotiating prices for doing work all over our neighborhood.
His sort of fat wife Betty came out about then, there was some discussion about it being a "collector" and worth a "fortune" and Mrs. William sort of talked her husband down from the $5000.00 he wanted to $2000.00.
He protested at first but she insisted that it was just sitting there and a waste, time to get it out of their yard.
"Bennie is such a nice boy, and he has helped us so much, why not help him back, honey?" Then she reached out and rubbed his arm, and he kind of melted.
"This car is where you and I first made...?" He glanced at me and blushed.
"We have lots of places where we can do that, honey." She smiled, rubbing his arm more briskly.
"Oh, all right!" Mr. Williams was looking at his wife's cleavage, she nearly always showed the tops of them. I figured she used that to get what she wanted, and I think I was right about that.
I was thinking I just might be able to handle that $2000.00, we shook hands and the car was mine!
Well, as soon as I came up with the money, anyway. I had $1647.00 in a envelope under my bed, and suddenly I was seriously looking for jobs instead of just waiting until they showed up.
Now here was Mrs. Jarvis, with probably some work.
+++
"Can you come into the house, Bennie? I want to ask you a question." She looked around like she was flustered or something, I had no clue at all what was up.
"Sure, Mrs. Jarvis." I told her, opening the side gate and stepping through. She looked at me and I saw she was slightly red faced, but then she smiled and turned towards her house. Inside, she went and got a couple of cans of soda, handed me one.
"How old are you now, Bennie?" Mrs. Jarvis asked, as she sat down at the kitchen table with me.
That question surprised me, I was looking around at her place, since I had never been inside before. It was really nice, everything put away,
and everything was sort of.. expensive appearing?
"I.. I turned 18 back in August." I told her.
"Good! I thought so." Then she took a long sip of her soda. I waited to see what she wanted, this was a little bit different.
"I have a request, a proposition really. You are a very nice looking young man, so.. muscular and with that nice long hair and all..." Her voice trailed off as she looked down at my arms, then my chest. I was suddenly conscious of the snug T-shirt I had on.
"Errr.. Thanks." Now it was my turn to blush.
"Anyway, to get to the point, a few of my girl friends are having a party here next Saturday, and since it's just us..? I mean Henry will be gone on business all week, so no worries there.. " Now she was acting all flustered again and I had no idea at all what in the hell she was talking about.
"A party? Do you need me to help move some furniture or something?" I asked her.
"No, Bennie. I would like you to come to my party, entertain." She flashed a smile at that.
"OH. Ok. And do what? I don't sing or play any musical...?" Now I was hopelessly confused.
Mrs. Jarvis broke out laughing.
"Oh, Bennie! You are so god damned cute!"
I just stared at her.
"We would like you to come over and dance for us. There will be just six of us there, and we could pay you." She took another sip of her soda.
"Dance? Oh, like dance with the ladies, like at a club or something? I can dance pretty good, at school we had those during our lunch break..."
Mrs. Jarvis almost choked on her soda, then when she got control of herself, she looked right at me. Her previous flustered attitude was gone, now she seemed to be.. in charge?
"What we want, Bennie, is some adult entertainment, and you would be perfect. Plus no one will ever know, just me and my girl friends. What do you say?"
It was beginning to register, I had heard of things like that. They wanted one of those girl's night out things where guys came over and danced and wiggled and things like that.
"You said you could.. pay me?" I was still thinking of that Nova sitting over at Mr. William's place. If they could give me maybe.. $50 or something like that it sure would go a long ways to help pay for the car.
"Yes, each one of my girl friends will chip in $50.00. Plus they like to have fun so I bet you will get some tips, too." She gave me a big smile.
She said there was six of them? That would be...? I gulped, and almost fell out of my chair.
$300.00!! Maybe even some.. tips?
"I.. Wow. OK, Mrs. Jarvis. I will. Do I need a costume, or something like that?"
Her eyes narrowed, then she smiled again.
"Oh, show up like you look right now. We can do the neighbor boy fantasy, my friends will love that." She giggled at that.
+++
Saturday evening I showed up right on time, dressed in my best slacks and a T-short under a nice dress shirt. I had scrubbed myself until I turned pink, and I slipped on a black bathing suit that I sometimes wore to the beach.
I had already figured out they would probably want to see me dance like that. Plus I had been to the beach many times like that, so I wasn't real bashful about it.
Mrs. Jarvis said she had music, so it was just me. I really had no clue as to what to do, except try and dance and tease, I was thinking I would strip down to my bathing suit.
Mrs. Jarvis answered the door, beamed. I could see Betty, Mr. William's wife sitting on the couch. There was an older lady, she was the fattest one, bigger than Betty even, and three others were sitting around with drinks.
It was strange, all of them were older than me by quite a bit.
They began hooting and hollering when I walked in, which made me blush. Mrs. Jarvis introduced me to them, which I close to instantly forgot.
"Oh, my goodness, Helen! You have outdone yourself this time!" One of the women exclaimed. She got up and came over to me, first rubbing my chest, then squeezing my bicep.
I glanced around the room, they were all wearing dresses, or skirts and blouses, and they all looked nice. Betty of course sat there with most of her boobs showing, but I had seen that many times.
It soon hit me that they all looked to be a little drunk, too. There was a brief moment where I came very close to running away, then I thought of the money and I could get that car.
"Let's get this show on the road!" One of them yelled, to cheers from the others.
Some music started, they all sat down and looked at me expectantly, so I began to dance like I did in high school at the noon dances. A 2nd song came on, I did the same thing.
"Take it off!" One of them yelled, followed suit instantly by all of them yelling. I undid the buttons on my shirt, trying to act seductively although I had no idea if it looked that way.
There were lots of comments by the time I took off my T-shirt. The one woman on the end was leaning forward and she had on a rather low cut top and there was a lot of creamy breasts showing, almost as much as Betty did. I kept glancing over at her, I did like that.
Next I noticed the blonde one, wearing what I was sure was a wig, had her legs open carelessly and I could see she had on blue panties.
This was starting to get to be fun, plus I felt myself getting hard and forming a bulge. I realized that would show way too much if I took off my slacks so I decided to leave them on. Then Mrs. Jarvis stepped up behind me and was dancing right up against me. That was when I realized she must not have a bra on, since they felt sort of soft.
Her hands went around to the front of my slacks, I felt them give.
"Just go with the flow, sweetie, you are doing great!" She whispered in my ear. Suddenly there is was, wearing nothing but my bathing suit.
That was when some dollar bills appeared. I walked over and stood in front of each one of them, got the dollar and went to the next. Plus I was getting harder and harder, it sure did not help when I realized that Betty had her legs apart quite a bit and it was obvious she didn't have anything on under there.
"Come on, honey! Show us that dick!" One of them yelled, to a sudden chorus of that.
I turned and looked at Mrs. Jarvis, she was grinning ear to ear. Now I was not totally naïve, even at that tender age, but show my cock? In front of all of these women? I had figured I would give little peeks, maybe flash some but take it all off? Naked?
That got answered for me, Mrs. Jarvis reached out and down went my bathing suit before I could even begin to react.
There I saw sticking straight out, no place to hide now.
"Oh, my GOD, that thing is at least 7 inches long!" The rather fat lady blurted out.
"let's measure it!" Betty hopped up from the couch, flashing me her beaver as she swung her legs up and back down to get her slightly heavy body up and off of it.
The next thing I knew I was surrounded by a pack of females, someone produced a ruler, another one grabbed my cock and held it.
"6 7/8ths!!" One of them said, I have no idea which one. Someone was fondling my butt, then another one hollered that she could make it bigger and now I had one of them women with my cock in her mouth!
No one had ever done that to me before, not ever, although I had heard the guys talk about it back in school.
I looked down and it was the fat lady sucking away, I couldn't pull back because someone was probing my butt with a finger. Then I got lifted, physically, right off the floor, my 180 pounds was no match for six of them.
On my back on the couch, I did squirm some but these were women so I couldn't just start hitting them.
There came a point where I realized there was nothing I could do. I have no idea how many of the sucked on me, but it had to be most of them. One of them got a mouthful too, and a second one did also a bit later, just not as much. Both of them actually swallowed the stuff, something else I had only heard about.
It was about as close as one can get to a rape, but there was no way to stop them, and after a few minutes I really didn't mind. There were bare titties everywhere, being rubbed on me and me rubbing them. I even saw and felt some bare pussies, another brand new one in my life.
But none of them tried to fuck me, that probably could have happened also if they wanted to.
Sometime later, it seemed like hours, the women began to drift away. I had my slacks on by then, and Mrs. Jarvis had brought me a mixed drink, another first for me.
Now it was just the two of us.
"Sorry that got a little carried away for you, Bennie. The girls are used to professionals." She told me, patting my leg.
I glanced down and saw the pile of cash, leaned forward to pick it up and count it. There was $298.00 there. I looked at Mrs. Jarvis, she handed me three $100.00 bills.
"Wow! Now I can go get my car." I said.
"That's so neat, honey, I am glad for you." Mrs Jarvis stood up, looked at me. Then she began to remove her clothing. I just sat there and watched. Her body was very nice, soft hanging breasts with oval shaped nipples, some marks on her tummy and hips that hurt nothing, and a huge thatch of black pubic hair.
"What about Mr. Jarvis?" I asked her as she stripped down my slacks.
"He won't mind one bit." She grinned.
"Come on, Bennie. I have been waiting for ages for you to become old enough to fuck." She reached out and took my hand.
"It's Ben. Call me Ben." I told her as she stripped my slacks all the way off. She just grinned.
+++
The Muncie 4 speed transmission with floor shifter I installed sure works nice, the three speed on the column I had removed.
Nice fancy bucket seats too, out of a Corvette.
Easy to pay for, word got around even though Helen had told me that no one would ever know. Hell, it was only a week before a strange lady called and wanted me to work a party for her sister that was getting married.
That one was fun, and I ended up spending the night with the sister since as she told me, "Once I am married, I won't ever get to do this again!"
She did have to lift her mouth off of my dick to tell me that, but then she went right back to work. That guy is going to be one lucky fucker if she treats him as nice as she treated me.
Not a single hair on her pussy, either, another first one for me. Lots of firsts in that one Month, it seemed. Also a second and a third, the third time in the back door, something I had actually never heard or thought of.
What the hell, she suggested it, why not?
+++
Now it was almost five years later, the all male revue I put together does shows all over the country. "Ben and the Boys" we call ourselves.
Most of them are just tame and we go down to thongs, things like that, we grab a tittie through clothes and dry hump a few girls on stage.
Lots of yelling, women sure are crazy at most of the shows. Just think, if I were to grab some gal's tit in public, I had probably better be ready to duck. At the shows, they not only let me, they look forward to it.
Just once I grabbed one from the audience, I was giving her a dry hump up on the stage with the towel over my ass so it looked like I might be actually getting some, when she reached down and tried to get my dick inside of her. Damn near managed that, too, caught me by surprise. I managed to get my hand in the way, she sure didn't have any panties on.
I just don't fuck the housewives, too much danger.
But that is lots of fun. We get flashed a lot, too. I very quickly learned just how nasty women are when no one they know is looking, or they think no one is.
Armando, a built Hispanic guy my age goes with me to do the more private shows. Man, there is every kind of female one can imagine at those, and all of them are naughty, loving to fondle hard cocks, and one heck of a lot of them want to suck on them.
Funny how they will do that with us, something they usually don't do at home with their husbands.
It's a crazy life, something I can do, at least while I have my looks and stay in shape.
But then one day after a show, I was headed for my car. Yes, that same gorgeous Nova, still had it.
"Neat car!" A female voice behind me said. I turned, it was one I had spotted inside at the party, one of the tame ones. She hung back all evening, just watched. I had caught her eye several times, she smiled but that is all.
"How about a ride?" She asked me.
"OK. Sure!"
That turned out to be quite a ride. Her name is Carrie, she now handles the bookings, schedules, attends all of the shows looking over things.
She has seen hundreds of housewife types sucking on me, but not once has she ever seen me climax except with her. Now you would think she would throw a fit, but she doesn't.
We are faithful to each other, if that makes any sense at all. The rest? Just a show.
So, "Ben and the Boys" will be coming to a revue near you, get a ticket and come see our show.
And my Carrie?
She calls me "Ben."