The cool night wind blew through the door open to his right. It felt exhilarating as in flowed around his naked body. His freshly shaven, smooth, penis and balls almost tingled with anticipation of the events to come. His right hand moved to catch another drip of clear fluid that leaked out of the head of his dick. A considerable pool of slick precum felt warm and slick in the palm of his hand. He knew that if wanted to close the door, and put that fluid to use, he would need no additional lube to reach a shuddering orgasm. After a rare day alone, edging himself toward inevitable release, the event would be a large one. For just a moment he closed his eyes and envisioned his hand moving faster and faster up and down his turgid shaft, the point of no return urging him on. The motion of his hand would stop and he would vary his grip strength with the pulsing shaft, as the ropes of cum were coaxed out making a sticky white mess all over the tile. His legs would shake and his knees would threaten to buckle. He could almost feel the event and the euphoric, breath stopping orgasm that would accompany it. At his present level of excitement, his hand might even begin to traverse up and down the shaft again urging himself to a second, lesser, but still satisfying orgasm. He opened them again, something else propelled him onward, toward the open door and warm, moonless, summer night.
It was rare to get the house to himself these days, and even rarer to be sure that no one else would be home for the entirety of the weekend. His roommates, a couple of guys he had met in college, who now worked at the same engineering firm as he did, were away for the weekend in their hometown for a wedding. That wedding was a plane flight away and they would not be home until tomorrow afternoon. The distance of their hometown meant they rarely both left on the same weekend, and when they did it was usually on holidays, on which he too would return to his hometown. Living with two roommates six years after graduating college was not ideal, but it meant they could afford to rent a four bedroom house with a pool. Tonight he intended to put the pool to use. Between him and his goal, however was the semi-busy four lane behind the house. Fortunately, across the street was just a sidewalk and empty field, no homes to worry about. Sure he could could put on his bath robe and just walk out and get in the pool. That would not fulfill the fantasy he had had for awhile. He knew it would be a long until he could attempt it again.
Back in college, during the summers, when he still lived at home, he had several weekends a summer that he could just be nude and walk around the entire house and secluded yard. Although he had enjoyed doing even mundane activities in the nude, there was something really special when he could spend an entire weekend masturbating. He could watch some porn and masturbate, hit the treadmill for a nude run. He would even cook and clean the house without putting on anymore than a pair of shoes and maybe a ball cap.
Back in those days though he preferred quantity of release to the quality, aiming to cum four or five times a day when he could. Of course back then if he did not cum before he went to sleep it was likely that his body would just release pressure overnight, leading to a disappointing nocturnal emission. As he grew older, in the times he was girlfriend free, he learned to truly appreciate holding off all weekend to build to more massive orgasms. During one of those weekends while he was alone he learned that he liked a little exhibitionism, though perhaps that was not quite the right terminology as he did not wish to be seen, he enjoyed the risk. His parents' house had been so far off the beaten path that the chances of anyone discovering his reveries was near inconsequential. This was not so out of the way, and the risk was making his heart pound like he was in the middle of a five mile run.
He looked at his reflection in the mirror across the kitchen, he was tall, thin and athletic. Since his last breakup he had really been inspired to increase strength training in his routine. Definition on his upper body was finally starting to show his hard work. More impressive, at least to him, was when he turned side on to the mirror. All the squats he had been doing had given him an ass. His lithe form had been nearly flat on the backside most of his life. He turned back to the front and looked up and down. His light colored leg hair seemed to work well with his newly shorn pubic region, his left hand brushed across the smoothness. A pair of dark running shoes and a watch were the only things he had on. His missing pubes made him feel somehow even more naked. *I think I like this look.* His short brown hair up top would dry quickly after he swam, letting him go right to bed. It was already 3 am he he didn't wish to see the sunrise, of course the impending release would help him get to sleep.
His left hand gave his penis a tentative stroke. Even with a day of intermittent stimulation, fear had caused his penis to revert to an unexcited state. In it's present condition, his cock would not be considered impressive, only a couple of inches long when it was not erect, the head of his penis poked out from the ridge of foreskin that remained on his circumcised dick. With a little stimulation, probably just a couple of quick strokes, it would stand up proudly to a length of a little over six and a half inches, larger than average, but he was no porn star. Certainly a grower and not a shower. More impressive was the weighty girth it would take on. He thought it was slightly oddly shaped as head was not the plumpest area, but the area just behind it on the shaft, what he called his dick's shoulders. His dick had the shoulders of a linebacker. Of course he had not seen many other guy's penises in his adult life, at least outside of porn, and those he had seen had been in locker rooms were never excited. Well, excepting the one time he had accidentally caught his roommate, Diego, and his roommate's girlfriend, Melissa, in the pool. He tried not to look at either one as they ran from the pool to cover themselves.
He looked at the clock above the stove, 3:05 am. Okay, bars closed a little before two, those folks should be home by now. In another couple hours the older residents in the neighborhood would wake up and start walking their dogs. He peeked his head outside, listening for cars driving up and down the road. He heard nothing. A train had passed in the distance ten minutes ago or so, that should not take away his ability to hear cars approach. He looked at the couple of houses he could see the on the right and left of the house, all of their lights were out. *Okay, it's now or never.* He looked down at the head of his penis, obscured from the public by a thin curtain. He flexed his pelvic muscles making it appear that it was nodding in the affirmative. He took one last deep breath, calming his heart rate slightly and strode into the night air. *No going back inside without cumming.*
The house was a split level, and the deck was well above the six foot privacy fence that wreathed the large backyard. The stairs to the yard below extended from the left. Meaning he would have to walk directly towards the street, all of himself visible in the street lights to anyone that could drive by. Another drop of precum dripped from his urethra, he moved to place his right hand over it again, but that would be reducing the risk in some small measure. The drop drifted in the slight breeze over the deck. He did allow himself to leave the sliding door open behind him, although part of him thought it would make retreat too easy. Two steps out the door, but still four steps from the stairs, and several steps beyond that until his penis would below the level of the privacy fence, he heard a car approaching. *Inside would be cheating so...* Patio furniture sat in the square area to his right and ahead. Two seats faced each other and a lounge couch against the west railing faced toward the open sliding door. Quickly he dove toward the lounge, his bare ass sitting on the plush cushioned seat as he looked over his shoulder to see what approached. He could not help but hold his breath when he saw the red and blue lights on the roof of the car pass heading south. That was a little too close. He looked back at the open door, half of him want to go inside, finish himself into the toilet, and go to bed, defeated by fear.
*I can do that anytime.* He wanted to make sure the police car was not patrolling up and down the thoroughfare. It was still very warm, and comfortable outside, perhaps warmer than the interior space, even through the fear his testicles started to descend from their close position to body. He leaned back and allowed them to sag over the edge of the lounge. It felt great in the humid night air. He looked left and right at the dark backside of houses in the distance, knowing that if anyone looked out there back windows they would see his pale, naked body sitting on the lounge. The north house that directly overlooked his yard at the end of a col-de-sac from the next street. It looked directly into his own backyard, fortunately those neighbors were out of town for the next couple weeks.
His left hand fell upon his thigh feeling his elevated heart rate beat through it. He took another deep breath, *Fuck it,* his left hand drifted from his thigh to left testicle and then up to his smooth, unexcited shaft. The hand usually handled the start of a wanking session, allowing his right hand to handle a mouse when watching porn. It had made it so his right arm and left arm had nearly the same level of jerking skill. He placed his left thumb, and fingers on opposite side of his cock, forming kind of a cage around it. He stoked up and down shaft as blood started to flow into his penis. His right hand moved onto the top of his head and his whole body drifted into a more relaxed state, his legs spreading further apart. He could feel the slick precum from his right hand in his hair. It might have given him pause, but he looked over his right shoulder at the covered pool, he would not be going to sleep without washing it out.
As his penis began to swell a little, the fingers went from a cage parallel to his dick, to perpendicular. The far more common state of masturbation of one's hand wrapped around the shaft was assumed. His left hand moving the skin of his dick up and down the shaft from head to body. He looked down his body, his ass arched slightly upwards, allowing him to see his abs flex down towards his cock. The non-excited two inches had multiplied to four. Instead of the usual, full sized, but sagging erection he boasted a shorter, but fully erect configuration. It was the same amount of half erect, but significantly more pointy. He stopped his ministrations and listened, hearing no tire noise in either direction. He looked down at his watch, 3:15 am time was running out, but he would not deny the completion of the fantasy.
His right hand drifted to the pointy penis and took a couple of tugs as he stood and turned toward the south, facing the landing of the downward stairs. He moved quickly but gingerly as the wooden deck made groans beneath his shoes. Out of the corner of his eye he glanced the budding of a pair of headlights. He practically ran down the stairs, hands out on the rails to not obscure his half excited groin. In his haste, he hit the ground level but stumbled forward loosing his balance, he stumbled into the thick grass below. He moved his hips and forearms to prevent his semi from making first contact, potentially ruining the night. On the ground he stopped and listened for the approaching vehicle, heart beating so fast. He couldn't stop his left hand from gripping his phallus and testicles, his testicles started to ache. He wanted to release a large load of semen on the unsuspecting grass, but once again he could not allow this to end yet. Through the slats of the fence he watched a motorcycle drone on through the night. *Not the cop car.*
He stood, cock pointed straight toward the fence. Twenty yards still separated him from the west side of the yard. The exhibitionist in him forced him forward. He would not be satisfied until the head of his penis touched the fence in each of the four cardinal directions. He glanced down, head of his dick nodding in approval. At his height, his eye level was just above that of the privacy fence. He walked forward, his left hand only gliding back downward, when it was not about covering his phallus, but guiding it to touch the western fence. His urethra let out a small stream of precum as he turned away. He turned and squatted down. His right hand took what was left of the drop of precum and coated his dick. Had anyone been close by they could easily heard the slick sound of hand over shaft and head. His cock stood proudly to full height, pulsing and begging for release. He knew he had more to do to fulfill his desire. To ejaculate now would leave him wondering what he could have done with his one weekend alone.
He released his phallus allowing it to point 20 degrees above parallel, closer toward the starry sky. To his right were several trees and the south fence, probably the safer side to touch first. To his left, the pool. Though closed, its cover was almost bright in the light of the street lamps now that his eyes had adjusted. He looked directly ahead, the house stood a monolith before him, he knew he would have to touch his dick to the fence further out on the left front side than the right to consider it touched. He would move counter clockwise, south, east, then north. The north side would bring him to the controls to open the pool, his ultimate goal for release.
He flowed toward his right, through the trees. He had to watch his footfalls and avoid the branches and sticks on the ground. A giant splinter could come through his thin soled shoes and ruin the evening. He listened for traffic on the road, still nothing. Soon he arrived at the next fence, touching his engorged cock head to the rough wooden slats. He peeked over the fence. He quickly ducked down as he saw the kitchen lights on. Shit. He had once been caught in his birthday suit by the older woman that lived next door. She never said anything, but he knew she saw him through the fence. He did not want anymore awkwardness when he was mowing the yard. He ducked down for a minute and observed, no motion. He had to believe that an errant light was left on. To take no chance he moved to the east before stimulating his penis again. When he hit the southeastern corner of the yard he peeked back over the fence at the kitchen, still nothing. He placed his butt in the corner and listened for traffic.
His left hand drifted back to his cock. He wanked up and down the full length of his still erect penis. He slowly squatted down, knees touching the soft, moist soil. He arched his back and looked toward the sky enjoying the stimulation. He could feel his orgasm build, nearly at the point of full ecstasy, he took a breath and released cock just before the point of no return. Still two more fences to touch, and I have yet to skinny dip. His hands went to either side of his body gripping into fists as a wave of euphoria washed over him, a single iota of stimulation more and he would have coated the grass with sticky white jizm and himself with the disappointment of a task half done. He took another deep breath, left hand catching a large payload of precum, almost rivaling that from before he walked outside. He moved the precum around his left palm to completely coat it, he would put it too use as soon as he knew he could touch himself without ejaculating.
He closed his eyes, trying to envision the final release of the night. He still had four more goals for the night, before he came: He had to touch the eastern most fence and the north fence. That would bring him to the pool controls. He would open the pool. As soon as he knew no one had taken notice, he would jump off the diving board. After taking a couple of nude laps of the pool he would finally allow himself to release this pent up spray, causing milky jellyfish like drops to emit from him, he hoped the chlorine would disperse his specimen before anyone saw it. He had released in the pool before, he knew it would not take long before the sperm died and became nothing more than inert detritus in the filter. He knew Diego, Steve, and their girlfriends had also put this to the test.
His left hand glided up and down his dick again, coating it in a slick fluid. He took a backwards grip on his penis and allowed it to move quickly up and down. The heat of the summer night increased the sag of his balls and they started to make a slapping noise on his sweaty thighs. The slap alternated between thighs on each tug.
He released his phallus when he heard a train whistle in the distance. If he stayed in this corner he would not be able hear cars as the 3:30 am train went by, and he did not want to be caught by the police officer he saw drive by earlier. He took off in a ducked run toward the rectangular air conditioner ahead, he would use its bulk to hide from the road behind the western fence. Behind him the porch light flicked on. Anyone driving by would have seen his white ass streak toward the air conditioner. Shit, the neighbor's dog must have needed out.
He leaped over the air conditioner's connections to the house, staying low to avoid hit his head on the house overhang above. The train whistle blared in the distance, he moved to keep his nude body covered by the air conditioner. Now Preferring to cloud his groin from his neighbor to the south before the four lane to the west. Those on the road would have to look at the yard instead of the road. His neighbor liked to walk the yard with her dog. And if dog stopped to bark... he could be here for awhile. He held his breath as he listened the sound of steel wheels on steel tracks, the rhythmic sound as it traversed the wooden railway ties. Several whistles sounded as it went passed the few major intersections in the area. He pressed himself against the air conditioner as several sets of headlights went up and down the fence. His fear caused his penis to shrivel to its non-excited form, his testicles pulled up close to his body once again. The one thing that did not stop was the nervous dripping of precum from his phallus. Something about this level of risk was still basting his brain with endorphins, but not allowing his cock to relax and expand.
He looked down at his scared two inch dong, wondering if he should have released while sitting on the deck. Enjoy everything, push it as far as you can, but don't get caught. He closed his eyes and wondered how he could rush to the towel box, pull out a towel and cover himself before he got caught. The train sounds disappeared into the distance, he could hear the neighbors dogs snuffling along the fence where he had been knelt down. He hoped the dog wasn't fixated on the smells of him.
His heart beat accelerated, he felt like he might pass out there in the yard, naked as a jaybird. Ninety percent of him yelled for him to crawl toward the towel box and call it a night. He glanced around the corner of the air conditioner, toward the southern fence. In his head he locked eyes with his middle age neighbor, who would turn on her flashlight and call the cops. He would go to jail and be fired, who cared about what his roommates thought about his nocturnal activities. He held his breath as his neighbor's porch light went out. He heard the door slam and then no more.
Now what? His heart rate slowly returned to normal, he could feel his balls start to sag again in the warm, humid evening. He had two choices, go to the towel box, wrap up, walk inside and go to bed, defeated by the events of the evening. Or go on knowing the risk he was taking. He closed his eyes again, feeling the stream of precum start to blow into his legs again, he may never experience this level of excitement again. Now or never. He turned around and ran under the deck, still hunched to avoid anything poking above the fence. He quickly went around the edge of the house. Although he was now completely blocked from his neighbor to the south, there was nothing blocking the north, east, or west side. In ten yards, There was a slight out cropping where the chimney was on the house, he could hide behind from the west and east, his neighbor to the north was one vacation. It should be safe to get his erection back behind the chimney. I think it would be cheating to touch the fence not erect.
When he ducked behind the chimney he knelt back onto his knees. His fingers on his left hand formed the cage around his cock that he felt allowed him to get hard again the fastest. After a minute or so of that action, he was again in his pointy form. His left palm was coated in slick precum. He used his left hand to completely coat his phallus with slickness. He closed in toward no return again and released his penis. Even through the fear, he was again fully engorged his full length pointing 20 degrees above parallel. With another deep breath he ran toward the east facing fence, his phallus bobbing up and down with each step. On one step his sack slapped a little too sharply against a thigh, he inhaled sharply as pain radiated through him. This is stupid. His brain practically yelled, but something more basic wouldn't let him stop. He had to complete this before he came.
He stopped and quickly touched the aching head on the fence slat. One more, then... He glanced at the covered pool. He knew that the water would be even warmer than the moonless night. And he wanted to skip the north fence and open the pool. He shook his head, that would be like running a kick off to the one yard line instead of the end zone. It was right there. He knelt down briefly and stimulated his penis, maintaining its fully erect form. After he touched the north fence he could quickly scramble over to the pool controls. There he would have a pool pump and screen obscuring the bottom half of him from view. A wicked smile formed on his face, he could wank while standing in plain view without the motion of his hand being seen. He returned to his feet and sprint toward the fence. He held his testicles in his left hand as he sprinted, not obscuring them, but preventing another painful slap. His cock bobbed above his hand, a steady stream of precum again leaking from the tip of his penis. When he got to the slats of the fence he quickly touched the head to the fence, feeling the sensation pulse through his body. He only took a quick peek over the fence, seeing nothing move in the darkness. He did hear the motion of water in the distance, but he was pretty sure it was the echo of the pool equipment of the flat face of his neighbor's house.
Back to his left, 15 yards away, passed the diving board was the pool controls. He turned and ran toward the controls. While his right hand turned the key to open the pool cover his left again coated his dick in slick fluid from the head of his penis. He squatted slightly and bucked his hips into the thrusts of his hand. He looked to his left, he could almost see down the road behind the house. His pulse quickened as recognized the risk he was taking. He was rewarded with more endorphins. Again he brought himself to the brink of release. Not now, not so close to my goal. Again he released his cock without orgasm. Soon. The pool finished opening, there was just one last thing to do before taking a risky, loud, dive into the warm water. He needed to prepare a towel for his exit after he released. Before he walked half way back across the yard, he noticed the pool light was on, not great for clandestine activities. He pushed the button that should turn it off, nothing happened. Crap, guess I need to consider that. In his fantasy, he walked calmly, naked to the towel box. Set out a towel and then walked around to the opposite side of the pool, dove off the diving board with no fear of getting caught.
Of course also in his fantasy, it was daytime and he walked out of the house nude, shaved, erect and without fear. At least he could do all but the daylight. He gave himself a couple more tugs with his right hand listening for traffic. When he heard none, he dropped his phallus and walked across the yard, both himself and his cock standing proudly. The feeling of the night wind on his nudity was incredibly invigorating. He scanned as he walked noting none of the lights in the surrounding houses had come on. He looked at his watch 3:45 am, still a little time before the neighborhood awoke. A car drove down the street in the distance, he turned his ass toward traffic but did not stop. As he walked passed the pool stairs he stepped in the water, at least a few degrees warmer than the night air, this was getting exciting. He opened the pool box, several clean towels stared back at him. He had stocked the box last night on his first naked scouting foray. He grabbed the best towel that he had stocked at the top. The fabric unfolded and caressed his excited cock. Walking over to the pool lounges on the concrete patio he draped the towel over the first lounge. He looked over the brightly lit pool and smiled, he was so aroused at this point that he didn't care if anyone else was enjoying the show. His fantasy had him laying down the towel and walking to the diving board, but he thought he could improve it. He sat on the towel covered lounger and faced north. His phallus slapped against his abs as he sat down. His body was help aloft by springy plastic bands. Five Minutes on the lounger. He added a new challenge to the already risky evening. The arms of the lounger would obscure the road and the back of the lounger his neighbor to the south. With the north being out of town it was risky, but not stupid.
He let his right hand wander down to his dick, he might need better control than his left in this endeavor. He let his mind go and explore fantasies. The first image being the the first time he came in a swimming pool, a handjob from his recent ex-girlfriend. He had no idea why it felt so much better than an above water cumshot, but it had been something special. He then thought about the last time they had sex in his car. It was in the garage, but they could have been walked in on at any moment.
Finally he started to visualize the first time he had cum outside. The shot itself had been thrilling, but moments after he had pleasured himself in the nude, just after he got dressed, a neighbor dropped by to check on the place. He had been literal minutes from getting caught fully nude, stroking his cock. While his neighbor checked the place out he had to hope they didn't see his semen still wet and glistening in the grass. He had to coax two out after the neighbor left from the thrill of it. For five minutes he sat and brought himself to the edge stopping, hoping that it was build him to an even better release in the pool. He looked at his watch, it was several minutes passed his challenge, time to dive in. He got out of the lounge, his phallus facing toward the house in case anyone walked by down the street. He kicked off his shoes and removed his socks, he would want them again when he shut the pool Out of his left eye he thought he saw motion, maybe the curtains moving slightly. He turned himself toward the house and watched a moment. After a few seconds he saw the street lights playing off the pool surface washing over the house. He decided it was a reflection off of the pool.
He stood up tall and proud, him and his penis as erect as they could be. He marched to the diving board, listening for cars, though at this point he didn't think they would even make him stop. He stepped onto the driving board, breath paused in his throat. Go Time! He took off and cannon-balled into the pool, tucking his cock in close to prevent pool entry issues.
He hit the water and his body felt warm and free. There was something about the feeling of freedom that came with skinny dipping, not even walking around the yard nude could compare. His testicles floated a little in the warm water as he treaded. He squeezed the water from his short hair and observed the sounds around him. Crickets and bull frogs could be heard as background music to the night. He let his right hand drift back down to his cock. He squeezed on his still slick shaft and it slid in and out of his hand, residual precum and lotion causing it to be slick in the salty, chlorinated water. Perhaps it was the additional pressure of water versus air, but each stroke and squeeze felt wondrous. He could have released then an there, but he hadn't taken a couple laps of the pool, his last requirement of the night. He also couldn't help but notice his large shadow cast by the pool light, he needed to get out of the center of the pool. Anyone with a viewpoint above the privacy fence, would have no doubt at what he was doing in the pool. He did, however, have to admire how large the shadow made his erect penis look.
He dove to the bottom of the pool and swam toward stairs on the far end of the pool. As he swam close to the bottom, he let his dick drag against the smooth vinyl liner occasionally, the stimulation keeping him hard. He traversed the entire length of the pool, beneath it smooth surface. When he got to the stairs he turned around and placed his ass on the fiber glass stairs. He turned around to face the spotlight on the other end. Now his shadow was obscured, but he felt like he was sitting nude in the middle of a stage light, he looked down at himself brilliantly lit by the pool light. The head of his penis bobbed just beneath the surface, slightly red from the stimulation. His shave job looked perfectly smooth in the light. He moved his hands down to his shaft and gave it a couple more tugs. The pool water had washed away all semblance of lubrication, he still would not have issue bring himself to orgasm, but he would have to change the technique. Instead of gliding his hand up and down from head to base, he would move the skin up and down his shaft. Though effective, this secondary technique would make it very difficult to go for a second ejaculation. One would be good enough. He thought just a little disappointed. If he wanted to film himself cumming, the light might be perfect, but it was a little too exhibitionist even for him. Besides if anyone walked down the sidewalk behind the house they would not miss his activities.
He left his perch and paddled around the pool, enjoying a sense of freedom as water swirled around his uncovered groin. On the east side of the pool he felt that his activities were too exposed to the sidewalk. When he drifted around to the west side, he was less exposed if he faced toward the fence, but then he could not get a good view of his penis as it ejaculated, turning around would give too good of a view to the houses around him. After all this adventure this evening he wanted to watch the event with a good view. His hand tugged lazily on his shaft. He audibly sighed, he needed to get the pool light off to end this night the way he wanted. He swam around to the ladder, climbing out into the warm night air.
The ladder faced the road, but he did not cover himself from view. He walked back over to the lounger to grab his towel. Even on this warm evening he needed to towel off to prevent his cock from reverting to a small form from getting chilly. He used the towel to give his phallus a little extra attention, the roughness of the towel felt oddly thrilling. He bent down and pulled on his shoes again, dropping the towel back onto the lounger. If he could mess with the light by the pool controls, he might be able to turn off the light faster, but it was no guarantee. If he went inside, he could immediately get the light turned off, but he would be breaking one of his rules. A lecherous smile crept on to his face, if went back inside he thought he had a solution to the lack in water lubrication. Besides he would be breaking the letter of his rules, but not the spirit, this wasn't a retreat, but troubleshooting his plan. He sat down on the lounger again stroking his penis as he thought about which possibility to take, precum had again began to make him slick. That was his answer, he stopped for a second and listened for traffic again.
Okay you can go inside, but you have to cum twice, and no covering up as you get everything closed down and cleaned up. He knew the latter part would be more difficult, once he came guilt and paranoia would come along with the extreme pleasure. And at this point he could cum twice without much extra effort. He stood up and looked at his watch, 4:05 am. He had less than an hour to complete his challenge. He walked straight up the stairs, not flinching the whole time. His left hand went about keeping his erection as he walked. He stepped into his kitchen right as a pair of headlights came into range. His pulse quickened again, the knowledge of how close he had been to being seen nude and wanking causing washes of pleasure and dread to circulate through his head.
He took a deep breath and headed toward the circuit breaker box in the basement, and his bathroom. Once he got to the basement he felt comfortable to flip on the lights. His left hand kept him hard, accepting the occasional drips of precum and using them to coat entire length of his cock. His hand would glide over the top of his dick's head, sending waves of pleasure coursing through his body. His right hand steadied his body as he turned the corner into the utility room, his legs threatening to buckle with equal parts ecstasy and exhaustion. He let go of himself to move a box blocking entry to the electrical panel. Hoping that the fluid on his left hand would not discolor the box when it dried, he looked at the switches on the panel. He flicked the one labeled pool cover/ light to the off position, he would have to come back inside before he could close the pool. His left hand took a reverse grip on his penis, sliding up and down its full span. He closed his eyes and savored the feeling pulsating from his groin. Soon. He turned, exiting the utility room, to his right, further down the hall was his room and his bathroom. The guest bedroom also resided down here, but it was rarely used and he got the run of the floor for the most part. He was really going to have start spending more time down here nude. His roommates rarely came down stairs unannounced. If they did come downstairs, he was pretty sure he could retreat to his room with a low likelihood of being seen. A smirk of things to come crossed his face.
He turned toward his bathroom and stepped inside. He opened his shower curtain and reached for the conditioner pump. On top of being a great shave gel alternative, it made a great underwater lubricant. Without the aqueous environment, it was too viscous for his needs, but underwater it would be great. He dispensed a large amount into his right palm and spread it on both of his hands. Using conditioner in this way did present one issue, if he waited to coat his penis until he got into the pool, he risked large floating globules of conditioner in the pool. Something he did not feel the need to explain later. He watched in the mirror as he smeared the substance around his cock, balls, and the rest of his hairless pubic region. His dick, beneath a thin layer of white, was absolutely taut, the skin pink from stimulation, it was beyond ready to spit out a large stream of semen. He turned from the bathroom, careful not to touch anything, other than his own phallus on his way out of the house.
When he got to the backdoor he stopped an placed his back against the wall. He let both of his hands slide around his cock, keeping himself just under the point of no return. He let his eyes adjust to the darkness again. He listened for the sounds of cars passing down the road, when he was fairly confident it was clear, he let go of his penis and walked out onto the deck. Although he glanced at the houses around him, he was not sure anything would stop his march to the pool. His cock strained, fully erect demanding release. It pointed out passed the four lane road, propelling him down the staircase toward the lounger. He heard no cars, saw no headlights, and the light was off in the pool. All the pieces were in place. He kicked his shoes off by the lounger. His eyes blinked close one last time and he went through his mental check list: I have been nude since I got home Friday, I shaved, I walked out of the house without a stitch of clothing, save the shoes of course. I walked the fence and touched each of the cardinal directions. *I masturbated on the lounger for five minutes. I jumped off the diving board naked. I skinny dipped. Anything left on the list had to be done after he came. Now's the time.*
He stepped proudly toward the pool's staircase, savoring the water as it coursed up his body with each step. He dunked himself underwater again, allowing himself to feel the freedom that came from skinny dipping one more time. He stood up out of the water letting his cock stick up over the water line. His left hand gripped his shaft and pumped up and down sliding over the now incredibly slick skin. He allowed himself to drift back toward the stairs, he seated his ass on the second stair, so the waterline came up just above his belly button. He leaned back luxuriating in the pre-release feeling. There was always just a hint of melancholy when the edging session came to a close. He knew it would be quite sometime until he got the opportunity to spend such a chunk of the weekend concentrating on his pleasure. He promised himself that he would find a way to indulge in his exhibitionist streak again, before the end of the summer.
He wrapped his right hand around his firm penis, he started sliding his hand with long, slow strokes. He pushed his ass to the edge of the stair it was on, his hips came forward. His Left hand went to the top of his head and he looked down into the near perfect view of his impending ejaculation, pink head of his penis shimmering and swaying under the water. If he were to stand up, on completion, he was fairly certain that the forking streams of white jizm would shoot out for at least four feet on his second spray. Underwater he would be lucky for the clouds to get six inches from his urethra.
His right hand started to pick up speed, getting closer and closer to crossing past the orgasm line. With his left hand he cupped around his testicles its thumb hooking over base of his penis. He applied light pressure to his balls, getting very close to the moment of release. He looked at his hand as it blurred up and down the length of his cock. He inhaled sharply, his back arched and everything seemed to stop for a heart beat, electricity arched from head to toe. "Hrnnk!" Pleasure radiated through out his body. His right hand stopped it movement and gripped tightly on the shoulders of his penis. He released part of his grip with each pulse of semen that came roaring out of body. His left hand gently squeezed his balls, urging higher velocity from his shots "Urrnnk" He gasped watching white jets emerge from the tip of his phallus. He back arched involuntarily, almost bringing his pulsating dick out of the water. The first jet felt incredible, but barely formed a cloud over his tip. He pushed his hips back under the water. "Urrnhkk!" The second blast erupted to more than the length of his penis before curling into a white semi-buoyant milky mass. His ass settled back on to the stairs, shaking as perhaps his largest orgasm ever shook through his whole body. The third jet impressed even him, going out to at least twice the length of his dick. "Rnnnn!" He tried to keep his vocal outbursts as quiet as possible, but knew he was failing, as he rode out the end of the mind blowing orgasm. Eight more jets of jizm emerged before his heart rate started slow back to normal. Cloudy white jellyfish like shapes of semen floated away from him as they started to disperse into the pool.
He quickly stood up, his entire pubic region four or five inches above the water. He had to get back to wanking before the refractory period set in. His balls swayed above water. He concentrated on the sensations in his cock, willing it back toward a second orgasm for the night. He thought about the fact that anyone walking by could see him working his turgid shaft above the pool water. At the moment this was still turning him on, he knew he had moments before guilt and paranoia would take over. His right hand worked faster and faster up and down his still slick penis. *Almost there.* His legs shook and a jet of cum sprayed out across the top of the water. "Urrphh". The second jet of jizm shot three feet into the pool ahead. The bottom of his ass bobbed in and out of the water as his artillery fired towards the shore far out of reach. The second orgasm was much smaller, but still pulsed endorphins through his body. A third dribble of semen was the last of the set.
He looked around, crouching back into the water. He took a a quick lap around the pool to rinse off any residue that may be sticking to him, and letting his heart rate settle back to down. When he returned to the stairs, he tried to hear if anything was moving out in the night. His semen had already dispersed harmlessly into the pool. He glanced down at his left wrist, 4:30 am. He had half an hour to close the pool and get inside before anyone else would normally be awake. His mind started to race, he started to feel that he had wasted his evening. He listened for any movement, thinking that at any moment lights would come on and he would be busted.
He shook off those feelings and strode out of the pool, his penis quickly deflating in its post orgasmic state. He grabbed the towel and dried himself off. He threw the towel back on the lounger, he would have to come out and grab it in the morning after it dried in the sunlight. He sat down on the lounger to put back on his shoes, this time he took the time to tie them properly. *No cheating.* He headed toward the western fence and peeked over scanning both directions for head lights. He saw none in the close by. He strode up the staircase, resisting the urge to cover his spent genitals. Inside he moved downstairs and flipped back on the circuit.
He scanned back outside, when he heard approaching tire noise he pushed himself back inside and observed. After an SUV passed, he walked back out on to the deck. He could have easily walked back down the stairs, but instead he walked over and stared out over the deck, he leaned over the deck rail. Taking a deeply satisfied breath, he did really wish he could do everything naked. He turned back and walked down the stairs. His dick was now back to its unimpressive, relaxed, size. Normally guilt and paranoia would be eating at his pleasure, instead satisfaction took over. He strode over and closed the pool.
A breeze picked up slightly, flowing over his unclad body. His penis bobbed a little in the breeze. It felt so nice to be out here nude even when he wasn't masturbating, he wished it were social acceptable to be naked. After the dark cover rolled to a close, he walked around the pool pump to the salt chlorination controller. He turned up the power to the shock setting. Although he had no concerns that his specimen would persist, he wanted the pool to be as clean as possible. Melancholy tried to creep into his mind, he certainly could not do this tomorrow.
He decided to take a lap around the yard before he went inside. He ambled around the fence in a clockwise direction. A couple of cars drove by, probably headed into work on this Sunday morning. He didn't even attempt to cover himself, feeling that the drivers were likely more concentrated on the road or their phones to take notice of his pale body. He looked down and watched his penis sway for a couple of steps. His left hand felt the smoothness of skin free of pubic hair. *Going to keep this going for a little awhile.* Before he knew it, lost in his own thoughts, he had finished a lap of the yard. I he looked back down at his watch, 4:45 am. As much as he was reveling in the freedom of the night air, he knew the risk of someone walking down sidewalk and seeing him was increasing with each minute. Besides, he did need to get some sleep tonight.
He looked over the fence scanning the roadway. He did not see any cars, but he did see movement out of the corner of his eye. Someone was walking their dogs. Shit. His heart rate ramped back up. He turned around and walked quickly to the stairs. He would need to time his ascent just right, he needed to walk up the stairs when the pedestrian's view would be blocked by the trees. If he waited, the man would be able to easily see him through the fence, especially if his dogs alerted him to something going on. He didn't want to run up the stairs and risk tripping, his ass easily shining in the light streetlamps. He tried to control his heart rate. He could practically feel his blood rushing laps around his body. He couldn't help but notice a little of the blood pulsing through returned to his cock. Again he stood nude in his backyard, his penis fully erect, but only a little over half its full length. He glanced back at the fence, estimating how far they would have gotten down the street, he saw the flash of the man's white t-shirt through the slats in the fence. *Now.*
Every footfall and squeak from the wooden stairs seemed to amplify and echo through the early morning humidity. The stairs themselves slightly slippery from dew that was condensing down upon them. On the last stair his toe grazed the wood, causing him to trip forward. His palms slapped down to catch himself, causing a thunderous echo to spread out around his naked body. He heard a dog barking from behind him. He scrambled to his feet and snaked his way into the house. He feel in a heap on the floor and quickly crawled around the corner.
*There is no way he didn't hear me.* He peeked around the corner. He could see eyes over his fence, scanning for where the noise came from. *Shit, shit shit.* He wanted to panic, instead he held his breath, leaned up against the wall and closed his eyes for ten seconds. The barking stopped. He carefully and quietly leaned his head back out, he could see the man's red ball cap disappearing north down the sidewalk.
Relief washed over him and he started to relax. The cool tile felt great on butt cheeks, his testicles hung down just far enough to feel a spot of coolness on soft wrinkled skin. His left arm reached out slowly for the edge of the sliding glass door, pulling it closed. Done with that for tonight. He tried to relax his pulse and took stock of his surroundings. He could see just a enough in the incoming streetlight illumination. One piece of his anatomy had not relaxed one bit. *Well this probably isn't good for me.* His penis stood fully erect between his legs. Part of him worried that indulging his cock would only encourage riskier behavior. The larger part of him knew sleep would be nearly impossible if he didn't .
His right hand swiped by his mouth coating his fingers in just a bit of saliva. He slid his fingers across the tip of his phallus collecting just a little precum. He mixed the two around between his fingers and palm, giving himself just enough slickness to work with. He rubbed his the top half of his cock, alternating between the head and skin just below. He scooched his ass back just a little allowing his sack to come into full contact, with the cool tile. In his mind he visualized the jets of semen he excreted in the pool. Waves of pleasure pulsed back through him. He imagined his the level of risk of his second ejaculation, standing fully exposed and pumping up and down his cock. He tried to see in his mind's eye the exposure of the second shot with the power of the first. He could practically feel strong rhythmic pulses pushing out ropes of white, hot semen from the head of his penis, radiating pleasure through his body.
With one more sharp inhale, he didn't have to imagine. This time he let go of himself when the moment came. He could feel his phallus begging for a pulsing grip as it erupted. The first stream, barely dribbled from the tip. He bucked his hips as and clenched hit fists to resist giving in to the the need for added stimulation. He clenched down hard on his pelvic muscles, willing out the next blast of cum, spraying at least three feet out beyond his body. He let the third and largest pulse shoot out before giving in, gripping down on his penis with his left hand, rewarding it for its hard work. The fourth jetted out less than a foot or so. The fifth and sixth bubbled out and dripped down his shaft. The seventh and final shot out about double the length of his throbbing member. "rrrnnk" he gasped. "Wow". The final orgasmic shudder rolled through his body. It was certainly stronger than the second, but not approaching the edged out first shot.
He wiped the remnants off on his thigh. He grabbed the curtain with a clean part of his hand, careful to not leave drops of himself to dry and stain on the fabric. He turned on the kitchen light and examined his mess. His pulse starting to slow, breathing returning to normal and cock disarming itself for the night. His spray pattern of semen obvious on the dark colored tile. He was going to have to mop tomorrow, but he didn't want to leave his evidence for the morning, in case he slept in. He walked over to sink and grabbed the spray bottle of diluted bleach and a wad of paper towels. He wiped up each soon to be sticky dot, suddenly glad the main event had not occurred inside.
He walked over to the kitchen sink and sprayed water over his penis and testicles, washing the drips of cum from himself. He lathered his hands and pubic region with soap and rinsed himself again, taking care to wash his specimen from his thigh, the cool water felt great on his exhausted genitals. He would remember this night for a long time. He wiped out the sink with bleach, cleaning any residue.
His mind started to draw up new challenges for him to complete, he smiled thinking of possible times ahead. Better than the feelings of melancholy. Those would all have to wait until his body reloaded. He greedily sucked down an entire glass of water, hoping that would start the process. He checked over his cleaning of both himself and his shared kitchen one last time before turning out the light and stumbling down stairs to his bed. He didn't even bother to shut his door or cover up, as soon as he curled up on the bed sleep overcame him, dreaming of future adventures.