"Oh god Mike, that was amazing," my beautiful wife sighed as she pulled the blanket over her naked body.
I'm not going to lie. As good as my sex life with my wife Nicole was, it was pretty plain up until recently. Sure we had regular sex, but it was usually pretty standard stuff and almost exclusively limited to the bedroom. The last few weeks have really turned that on its head and I think we've fucked in every position, in every room, and on every piece of furniture in the house.
Finding out that Nicole liked getting naked and showing off or even just knowing how much she liked being grabbed and taken by me was a revelation. I loved discovering that my blue-eyed beauty had a wild side that was just waiting for me to unlock.
I have the pictures and videos from her college life that I found to thank for that, it gave me the courage to try new things out.
I guess that means I also have my friend Greg to thank for my improved sex life too. It's a bit awkward knowing that a good friend has naked photos and videos of my wife, but in a way, I'm glad he kept the large collection and especially that he didn't bother hiding them in a safe place. I would have never stumbled upon them accidentally otherwise.
"You're like a changed man since the wedding," she said, turning to face me. "Did finding out my past really make that big a difference? I was convinced it would make you jealous."
"It really didn't," I replied. "It gave me more confidence to try new things and not worry if you were into it or not."
Nicole had been getting suspicious about my new aggressiveness and some things that I wanted to try. A few days ago she confronted me and asked what was going on. I admitted to seeing some pictures and videos of a frat party she attended while in college which included her having sex with some guys we still occasionally hang out with.
She was worried at first but mostly relieved that finding out that small part of her past didn't bother me.
Luckily, Nicole never asked how I saw them. I think she assumed it was someone at the wedding and I didn't say anything to dispel that belief. I also didn't offer that I had copies of all the DVDs on an encrypted disk in my computer desk.
Now, just because I had copies of them all doesn't mean I've seen them all. I've barely scratched the surface of what I found. There are two reasons for that. First, between work and Nicole always being around I haven't had a lot of time to myself, and second, I'm actually a little nervous about what I might find there.
Nicole snuggled up to me and caressed my chest, "I almost want to cancel with Rachel tonight and stay in bed with you."
"I'd be okay with that," I smiled. "But you should really go. You haven't really seen much of each other since the wedding. It would be good for you to hang out again."
Nicole had been crazy busy in the lead-up to the Christmas season and she was looking forward to having a night with her friend to blow off some steam. She asked me if I minded her going out with Rachel for a night. Of course, I didn't mind.
My wife going out also meant I'd have some alone time to look at the collection of her college pics and videos. I had been avoiding looking at it, but curiosity was getting the better of me and I was ready to take another look. I doubt it would be much worse than I've already seen.
I left Nicole in the bedroom and headed downstairs so she could clean up and get ready to go out with her friend.
I had a couple hours to waste before Nicole would leave so I reheated some leftovers from the fridge and settled down in front of the television.
I was most of the way through a movie when I heard our front door unlock and Rachel poked her head in.
"Hey, guys. It's me!" she called out.
Rachel was over often to use our computer, our exercise bike, or even just to sunbathe in our backyard. There were so many random visits that Nicole decided to give her a set of keys in case we weren't home. I didn't really mind. It's nice having a friend you can trust to look after your place when you're gone.
"Come on in," I said. "Nicole's almost ready."
Rachel looked stunning in her tight black mini-dress. Her long legs and amazing ass were highlighted to perfection.
Her long platinum blonde hair swished from side to side as she came over to greet me with a hug.
"Thanks for being cool about Nicky and me going out," Rachel smiled.
"Of course," I said. "Why wouldn't I?"
"She told me you know about the Freshman Week party," Rachel explained. "I wasn't 100 percent sure how you'd feel about her still hanging out with me or Aimee after that."
"You guys are best friends, I'd never try to take that away from her," I told her.
"Well, thank you anyway," Rachel insisted.
Rachel looked around the room which was all decked out for Christmas. Aside from the obvious Christmas tree, Nicole had hung up garlands, wreaths, fairy lights, and hung stockings for each of us.
"I really like how the two of you decorated your house," she said, looking around the room. "It feels so festive in here. Not like my place. I have a sad little tree in the corner and that's it."
"Yeah, well you know how Nicole's a huge Christmas fan," I said. "It's been nonstop Christmas music for the last month."
"I see you even have a mistletoe up," Rachel giggled. "I bet Nicole's tradition has been fun for you."
"I guess," I replied, not sure what she was getting at. Aside from the obvious kissing tradition.
"It's fun to have an extra excuse to fool around, right?" my wife's gorgeous friend said. "Although from what I hear you certainly don't need any help in that department lately."
Of course, Nicole told Rachel everything about me finding out about the parties and the positive effect on our sex life. The friends have no secrets between them.
As if on cue, Nicole popped into the room to interrupt her friend.
My wife looked beautiful and sexy as she always does when she goes out. Her short gray dress and matching knee-high suede boots looked fantastic on her.
"Sorry I took so long," Nicole smiled at us. "I've already called for an Uber, it's almost here."
"No problem," Rachel replied, nodding towards the mistletoe. "I was just commenting on the Christmas decorations."
Nicole narrowed her eyes for a moment, but I caught it, there was something to this story.
"I was just saying how festive your house looks," Rachel grinned.
"Hmm..." Nicole said, looking back and forth between Rachel and me.
I gave a little shrug, I honestly had no idea what was going on.
"Thank you," Nicole smiled, apparently satisfied that Rachel didn't tell me something incriminating. "Mike and I spent a lot of time getting it all up."
"Well, I think it looks great and it's nice to have traditions you can share with others, right?" Rachel smirked. "Something to make the world a little happier place."
"Well we should probably be heading out," my wife said, taking Rachel by the arm and ushering her to the door.
"Have fun," I called out after them.
She quickly came back into the living room to give me a kiss goodbye before heading out.
"Can't forget my kiss," she smiled. "We'll try to be quiet when we get home. Will probably be late."
The two girls were going to be drinking a lot so I agreed that Rachel could spend the night instead of going home.
"No worries," I said. "I'll have the guest room set up for Rachel."
"You're the best," she said and gave me a kiss on the lips. "See you later."
They were barely out the door when I went to my computer to see if I could find out about this mistletoe tradition Rachel mentioned. I could make a couple guesses about what it meant and wasn't completely sure I wanted to know but my curiosity was getting the best of me.
I fished the encrypted drive out of the drawer, plugged it in, and typed the password. I was soon greeted with a jumble of folders.
The collection was a complete mess as far as organization goes. Some folders had names of places, some of people, and some were just dates, but most were just seemingly random characters that meant nothing to me. From what I could tell, it looked like it was just gathered from a bunch of different guys who each had their own methods of sorting and naming their stuff.
I had no idea how long it would take me to find the mistletoe thing Rachel was talking about. I didn't even know for sure it would be on here. But I decided to try and find it anyway.
A search for mistletoe came up blank. Another search, this time for Christmas, came up with a few hits so I decided to start with one of the folders and see where it took me.
It looked to be a house party at some place I didn't recognize. Judging from the photos it looked like a pretty good turnout for a small house. I'd probably guess at least thirty or so people, maybe more, spread out between all the rooms.
It only took flipping through a few photos before I spotted Nicole. She was dancing with her friends in the middle of the living room and looked like she didn't have a care in the world. She had on a green cotton miniskirt that lifted as she spun giving you a glimpse of her bright red panties. I'm sure I'm not the only one who noticed. She also was wearing a very tight cropped top shirt that exposed her flat belly and clung to her breasts, leaving little to the imagination of what was underneath. A Santa hat finished off the look.
Aimee and Rachel were dressed just as sexy. Little skirts, tight shirts. Rachel completed her look with knee-high boots whereas Nicole and Aimee went with heels.
The two friends had Santa hats on too. Fuck those girls are gorgeous. It's bizarre how they can make even those hats look sexy.
It goes without saying that I think my wife Nicole is the hottest, her long blonde hair, blue eyes, and big tits do it for me every time. But then again it's hard to argue against Rachel or Aimee.
My second choice, if someone forced me to rank them, would be probably Rachel with her long platinum hair and probably the most fantastic ass I've ever seen. She has really small breasts, but they suit her thin frame, and her legs and ass more than make up for it.
Then finally Aimee, the babe married to my friend Greg. Her boobs are a little smaller than Nicole's and her ass isn't quite as nice as Rachel's. Overall her body isn't quite as good as the other two but she has a stunning face and beautiful long dark hair to die for.
I flipped through the photos of the girls dancing. I knew there'd eventually be some skin on display and smiled when I reached the first flashing picture. It looked like my wife was taking a break from dancing and getting a drink in the kitchen. She was sitting on the counter and lifting her top and showing off her boobs with a big smile for the camera. From what little I've seen of this collection so far, I don't think there's a party where she hasn't flashed her breasts.
There were some other girls getting into the act too. Of course, Rachel and Aimee were lifting their tops, but also a bunch of other girls. Some I didn't know, some I thought I recognized.
I started laughing when I spotted Stephanie. She's a manager at one of the banks downtown who helped Nicole and me with our mortgage. Steph is super cute and really friendly. I've known her for a couple years now, but unfortunately not back then.
She was standing with Rachel and they both were lifting their shirts up to their necks to show off their cute little tits. In the next photo, they were both nice enough to turn around, bend over and pull down their pants to show off their bare asses. From the angle the photo was taken at, I could just catch a glimpse of Stephanie's pussy too.
"Oh fuck," I laughed. "Those are keepers."
I flipped ahead to more dancing photos and found some of Nicole and her girlfriends grinding on each other. Those were good, but even better were the ones of Nicole and Aimee embracing in the middle of the dance floor, grabbing each other's asses, and locking in a passionate open mouth kiss.
My dick felt like a steel rod while I stared at my wife and her friend making out. I'm sure they were doing it for the benefit of the guys watching, I certainly know I appreciated it, but they sure seemed to be enjoying it too.
"Oh god," I groaned as I looked at the next ones.
Nicole had lifted up her top freeing her breasts for Aimee who had bent down to massage my wife's tits and suck on her nipples.
I could see the guys in the background of the photos cheering the girls on and soon enough Aimee lifted her top and Nicole returned the favor going back and forth sucking on Aimee's tits.
Without even realizing it I had my cock out and was stroking it to the two friends.
"Slow down," I reminded myself. "No need to blow so soon, I've got all night."
There were a lot of photos after that, but they were mostly the same. Everyone was getting drunk and girls continued to flash the guys.
I was pretty much done with the photo set until one of the last photos made my jaw hit the floor. It was taken in a bedroom. There were two guys sitting on the edge of the bed and in the middle were two naked girls in the 69 position enjoying each other.
Obviously, I couldn't see their faces, as they were buried in each other's crotches. But the hair and bodies gave it away. It had to be Nicole and Aimee. I mean, I couldn't be 100% certain, but the long curly blonde hair on one and the dark hair on the other made it a pretty safe bet. I don't think there were any other girls from the party that it could have been. There was even a Santa hat on the bed.
There had to be more, I flipped through the last half dozen photos to see if I could tell for sure. I couldn't get a good view of their faces in any of them. But finally the last one confirmed it was my wife.
The two girls were still on the bed, but they were now on their hands and knees beside each other, holding hands. Two guys, not sure who they were, were behind Nicole and Aimee and fucking them them doggy style.
An unmistakable look of pure lust and pleasure was all over the girls' faces.
"Fuck me," I groaned.
I flipped around to see if there were any more but unfortunately, that was it. No videos in this folder either. Maybe there were more somewhere else in this mess of a collection, but it might take some time to find.
In any case, I'm not sure I wanted to see more right now. I needed to take a break. Just to be safe, I shut down the computer and put the hard drive back into its safe place.
I plopped down on the couch and thought about what I was just looking at.
While the girls going down on each other was certainly unexpected to me, I'm not going to lie, it was really hot and I wouldn't mind finding more. But I also wondered if this was just a show for the guys or were they really into it? They weren't faking doing a 69, that's for sure. You could clearly see their lips pressed against the other's pussy.
It made me wonder if they ever did this when the guys weren't around. After all, they lived together all through college. And what about even after Nicole and I were a couple? The three friends sometimes went on weekend trips together as a fun girls-only getaway.
I don't think I'd personally consider it cheating if she did. Although, I think it technically would be and lots of people would think it was.
I couldn't get the image out of my head of the three friends spending a weekend away, naked in bed and fooling around with each other. Probably more fantasy than reality, but fun to think about anyway.
I didn't know how or when, or especially if, I would ever bring this up to Nicole, but it was something to think about.
The rest of the night was spent on the sofa, snacking, playing video games and watching TV.
Nicole told me before she left that the plan was for them to take a taxi or rideshare home, but around 2am I got a text from Rachel.
Rachel: Hey Mike. Are you still awake?
It just so happened that I was awake and thinking about what I watched earlier.
Me: Yeah I'm up. Everything okay?
Rachel: Nicky's had wayyyyyy too much to drink. Do you think you can pick us up? I'd feel better than taking a taxi just in case she's sick.
Me: No problem. Where are you?
Rachel: O'Malleys. I'll tell the doorman you're coming so he'll let you in.
Me: Heading out in a couple minutes. See you soon.
Rachel: You're the best!
I'd never been in that bar before but I knew where it was and it didn't take me long to get there.
Once I arrived I introduced myself to the doorman so he knew who I was.
"Oh cool, you're Nicky's husband, nice to meet you. She talks about you all the time," the large man said with a smile. "I'm Tony. I've known Nicky for years. Great woman you've got there, you're a lucky guy."
"That I am," I agreed as we shook hands.
"Thanks for coming to get her, she's had a bit too much tonight," he said as he let me in through the front door. "They're in the booth at the far back and to the right."
The bar was fairly small and at this time of night, a lot of the patrons were already leaving so it didn't take long for me to find the two friends.
Nicole looked bombed out of her mind and could barely stay upright. There were at least a dozen empty shooter glasses on the table. Plus a half-finished fruity drink with an umbrella.
"I think she's a little out of practice," Rachel laughed.
"No kidding," I sighed.
Rachel introduced me to a bunch of the people who worked there. They were really friendly and were happy to meet the guy Nicole settled down with.
"I just need to pay the tab then we can get out of here," Rachel said.
"Okay," I replied. "I'll just hit the bathroom quickly before we go."
"You can use the guy's staff one," one of the pretty waitresses said. "It's cleaner. Down the hall and to the left."
I can't remember ever seeing Nicole so drunk. It was a good thing Rachel was here to look after her. Then again, Rachel was also the cause of this.
The walls of the men's staff bathroom were plastered with pictures of different women who visited the bar over the years. There must have been twenty years worth of photos. There were two things they had in common, first the girls were all really attractive, and second, they were all flashing their tits.
I scanned the room, looking for one of Nicole, and wasn't disappointed. There she was, in a little section labeled "Hall of Fame."
Nicole wasn't just flashing her tits, she was completely topless as she sat on the bar flanked by two of the bartenders. I have to admit that it was a great photo of her, her eyes sparkled and she had a warm smile on her face. It struck me that there wasn't a hint of shyness or embarrassment on her face as she pushed out her chest showing off her perfect breasts for the photographer and anyone else who may have been at the bar.
I eventually found another picture of my wife with her girlfriends. Nicole, Rachel, and Aimee were sitting in a booth with their arms around each other and their tops lifted, showing off their boobs as guys crowded around to see.
Rachel was ready to go when I got back to the table and the two of us helped Nicole walk out of the bar and to the car. We poured my drunk wife into the backseat where she promptly passed out.
Rachel hopped in the front seat with me and we headed back to the house.
"So what's with the topless photos of you guys in the bathroom?" I smirked.
Rachel burst out laughing. "They still have those up? I thought the city made them take them all down."
"Looks like they were just relocated to the staff bathroom," I replied.
"Back in the day, we used to get free drinks if we flashed," Rachel explained. "It was good for us, we could get drunk for nothing, and it was good for the bar since it brought more guys in. Worked out for everyone. And before you ask, don't worry, as far as I know, she hasn't done that since you two met."
"What about you?" I teased.
The car was dark but I thought I caught a hint of Rachel blushing.
"It may have helped a little with the tab tonight, but unfortunately I don't think anyone's interested in seeing these little things when Nicky's around," she said pointing to her breasts.
While it's true that Rachel has small breasts, I always thought they looked perfect on her tall thin frame. In any case, her legs and ass more than made up for it.
"I think you might be surprised," I smiled. "Feel free to flash me anytime you need reassurance."
Rachel turned to look at me and laughed. "Thanks, I'll keep that in mind. I guess I'm just used to guys ignoring me for Nicky's melons."
"You know, it's funny you say that. Nicole used to comment to me that she felt invisible to guys when you were around and she even mentioned she was nervous about introducing me to you for the first time. Not that you'd try to steal me, but she was worried I'd like you better. So I guess it goes both ways," I told her.
"Really? Wow, that's so weird," Rachel replied, genuinely surprised. "I never knew she felt that way."
We chatted about normal everyday stuff for a while then she was quiet for a moment.
"Sorry to bring this up again, but I didn't really get a chance at the house and I really need to know. Are you sure you're okay with everything you've seen?" Rachel asked me. "Nicky has always worried you'd freak out and she told me you know pretty much everything about that one night. Seeing you so cool about it is kinda blowing my mind. It's so unexpected from what she's always said."
"Can you keep a secret?" I asked, looking in the mirror to make sure Nicole wasn't awake.
"Sure," she replied.
"I actually liked seeing it and I thought it was really hot," I admitted. "I'd love to see her act like that at a party."
"Oh wow!" she gasped. "I wasn't expecting that!"
"I mean, the dancing and stripping were really hot. As for the other stuff, I guess it's kinda cool knowing your wife might be into that, but it's weird seeing it. Even if I didn't know her back then," I clumsily explained.
"It's okay," Rachel smiled. "I think I know what you mean."
"I can't believe I saw my wife getting spit roasted by two guys," I sighed. "And I can't believe I'm okay with it."
"Hey, that was then," Rachel explained. "We were all single, horny, and just having fun."
"She definitely seemed into it," I said.
"Yeah," Rachel replied casually. "It was kind of her thing."
Her thing? What did Rachel mean by that? Threesomes? I guess that would make sense. I've only looked at a couple parties and I've seen Nicole engaged in some sort of group sex in two of them so far. But maybe Rachel was just referring to sex and hooking up in general.
"Anyway," Rachel continued. "It was college, we were all doing it. Who hasn't had one?"
"Well, me," I replied.
Rachel looked puzzled. "Really? Nicky told me a story she heard from one of your friends about you and a girl you were dating in college fooling around with another girl."
I groaned. Who told Nicole that?
"Unfortunately the rumor is better than what really happened," I told her.
"It usually is," Rachel laughed as I pulled into my driveway. "You'll have to tell me sometime."
Rachel helped me drag Nicole into the house and up the stairs to the bedroom. We barely made it to the ensuite bathroom in time for Nicole to start purging her stomach into the toilet bowl.
"I'm really sorry about this," Rachel said with a guilty look on her face. "I gave her way too many shots. I can stay with her tonight so you can get some sleep."
Rachel and I cleaned my wife up, undressed her, and slipped her into bed. Rachel grabbed some towels and a plastic bowl and placed them beside the bed in case Nicole was sick again.
I wasn't quite ready for bed yet so once Nicole was settled I headed downstairs to watch some TV and unwind from the unexpected trip to the bar.
It was probably half an hour later when Rachel came downstairs. She had changed out of her party dress and into one of my old t-shirts that came down to the middle of her thigh. Her long platinum blonde hair was no longer loose but pulled back into a neat ponytail. I swear that woman looks amazing in anything.
"Mind if I join you for a bit?" She asked. "Nicky's asleep now."
"Sure," I said. "I was just watching the sports news."
Rachel plopped down on the sofa next to me, laid back, rested her head on the padded armrest, and stretched out her perfect legs across my lap. The shirt she was wearing really was too short for how she was trying to shimmy herself into position and for a moment it rode up almost to her waist. She of course wasn't wearing any panties and with her legs slightly open, I got a nice close-up view of her smooth pussy. It looked every bit as good as in the pictures I've seen of her.
"Oh fuck, sorry about that," she said and quickly scooched the shirt down to cover herself.
I don't know if she flashed me on purpose or not, but I wouldn't be surprised if she meant to do it.
"Accidents happen..." I clumsily replied, trying hard not to take another look.
"Well, you've probably heard I'm not very careful when it comes to nudity. You were bound to see if eventually," she replied.
Even though she apologized, she didn't seem terribly bothered or embarrassed by her little flash.
"And I guess in a way you already have since I'm sure I was in some of those photos you saw," she smirked.
"Oh, yeah, sorry about that," it was my turn to apologize.
"Whatever, it's fine," she dismissed my concern with a wave of her hand. "I'm completely cool with you seeing me naked. I guarantee you Aimee doesn't care either."
Rachel was so casual about it all that it put my mind at ease.
"Tonight was so much fun," Rachel sighed, looking up at me. "I haven't seen Nicky that relaxed in a long time. You have no idea how relieved she is that you're okay with what you've seen. It's a weight she's been carrying for a long time and now it's like we don't need to hide so much from you anymore."
"Just some things, right?" I joked.
"We have to have some secrets to keep things interesting," she grinned. "You'll find out more in time. No need to rush it. I know you said it was hot, but she doesn't know that yet. You really need to tell her how you feel about it. Tell her you like her past, not just that you're okay with it. Let me warn you though, she's not going to believe you right away. Nicky's probably going to feel you out for a while to see if you're actually okay with it before she opens up too much. Just keep being honest with her. She doesn't want to hurt the relationship over this stuff."
"Okay," I agreed. "I won't rush things by asking her too much too soon, but what about you? You can't just drop a hint about the mistletoe and leave me hanging. Hints are worse than knowing."
"Nicky's going to kill me if I tell you," she laughed.
"She doesn't need to know," I suggested.
Rachel thought for a moment.
"Okay, I'll tell you what," she grinned. "Tell me your threesome story and I'll tell you about the mistletoe. They can both be our little secrets."
I didn't have much confidence that telling Rachel anything wouldn't get back to Nicole, but in this case, it didn't bother me if she did.
"Deal," I said. "Okay, where do I start?"
"Give me all the details," Rachel smiled. "The dirtier the better."
"You're going to be disappointed then," I laughed.
I couldn't help but notice that her shirt had risen up a little bit and I could catch a peek of her kitty again. I tried not to be obvious, but I'm sure she caught me looking a couple times and did nothing to cover herself. It didn't seem to bother her in the least. She even subtly moved her leg to give me a better view without making it look like she was doing so.
"You can trust me," she encouraged. "Let's hear it. Everything tonight stays between us."
"Okay," I sighed. "Here we go. Back in college, I dated this girl, Debbie, for a while. We weren't really a couple, but we were semi-serious for a couple months when this happened."
I looked at Rachel and she was listening intently.
"I was working late one night and we had agreed that I was going to drop by her place after I was done with my shift. So I got to her place and one of her girlfriends from one of her classes was there. I think they were working on a class project or something but they ended up drinking most of the night and were hammered by the time I got there."
"So anyway," I continued. "Her friend, I can't even remember her name. Maybe Olga? She was from one of the Eastern European countries. Been here a few years, and spoke really good English but still had a strong accent. It was kinda sexy actually."
"Was she pretty?" Rachel asked. "What did she look like?"
"She was really attractive. Short. Maybe 5 feet tall or so, really thin and athletic. Almost like a gymnast. Shoulder-length black hair."
"Cool," Rachel smiled. "Go on."
"Debbie tended to get really horny when she drank so it didn't take long before she was being obvious that she wanted to fuck. I think Olga found it amusing at first but eventually told us to go get a room."
"I was ready to go so I didn't need much encouragement but then Debbie surprised me by turning to Olga and said 'Good idea, care to join us?' and Olga replies 'I'd love to.'"
Rachel started laughing. "Oh my god!"
"That's what I was thinking," I replied with a grin. "Anyway, the three of us head off to Debbie's bedroom and we all start quickly undressing each other and I can't believe this is actually happening to me."
"You always remember your first time," Rachel smiled.
"Yeah, let's not get ahead of ourselves," I told her. "But yeah, it's memorable, that's for sure. Anyway, Olga is annoyed that we don't have condoms. Apparently, she really wanted to get laid that night. Unfortunately, Debbie and I had just stopped using them and we didn't have any left. 'No condom, no fuck.' Olga clearly let me know. Okay, whatever. That's fine. I understand. There are other things we can do."
"So what happened?" Rachel asked.
"The three of us kissed and fondled each other for a while and then Olga hops to the middle of the bed, spreads her legs wide, and says 'Mike, you kiss my pussy now.' Debbie thought it was hilarious how she said it and encouraged me to go down on her. So I did. I have no idea if I'm doing a good job or not, or what Debbie's up to while I'm down there but Olga seems to be having fun."
Rachel smiled at me. "Nicky says you're really good at that so I'm sure you were doing fine."
"Is there anything Nicole doesn't tell you?" I sighed to Rachel.
"Not really, no," she shrugged in reply.
"Now after a little while Olga, who apparently is super flexible, pretty much raises her legs up and has her feet near her ears and tells me. 'Mike, kiss my bum now. I'm close to cum. You kiss, I cum.' I can hear Debbie trying hard not to laugh."
"So what did you do?" Rachel grinned.
"Well, she had it raised up for me now, it was cute, looked clean, and I didn't want to ruin the moment so I licked her ass," I admitted.
Rachel started laughing, "This is great! Tell me more!"
"So there I am licking the butt of a girl I hardly know while she makes out with Debbie. Anyway, apparently she really liked it and was moaning and saying some shit in Russian or whatever and she had a big orgasm. I guess it was so good she let her legs go and they slammed down on my back at full force. Knocked the fucking wind out of me."
"Oh my god," Rachel gasped and tried to stifle a laugh.
"Yeah, hurt like hell," I said. "So anyway, they're both concerned that I'm hurt but I'm okay after a little bit but it kinda ruined the mood. They wanted to make it up to me by taking turns sucking my dick, which to be honest was really nice but hard to completely enjoy with my back pain. But even that didn't last very long. After a few minutes Olga announced she had drank too much and promptly threw up into the wastebasket beside the bed. The night pretty much ended after that. Debbie finished me off with a handjob, used a vibrator on herself until she came and then the three of us passed out in bed together and didn't do anything else. I mean, sure, it was nice cuddling with two naked girls for the night but I wasn't really in any shape to enjoy it. They were too hungover in the morning to try anything then either. So that was that. Maybe it was a technical threesome but I certainly don't count it."
Rachel frowned, "I'm sorry it turned out that way. You never had another shot?"
"Nope," I shrugged. "Debbie and I moved on to other people not long after that. So it never came up with her again with her or, unfortunately, anyone else. Anyway, 'that was then' as they say. I'm with Nicole now and can't complain about the sex at all."
"That's the spirit," Rachel beamed. "No need to dwell on it, it's just a funny story now."
"That's how I look at it," I agreed. "So it's your turn now. What can you tell me about mistletoe?"
"Okay, a deal's a deal. Where do I start," she replied.
"I'm guessing someone had mistletoe at their place?"
"Yeah, one of the guys in the frat had an off-campus house," Rachel smiled. "The three of us girls were over there during the Christmas break for a small party. I think there were probably less than ten people or so, including us. A lot of people had gone home for the break, so it was pretty chill and not a big party at all. One of the guys tacked up the cheapest plastic piece of dollar store mistletoe you could find from a string in the middle of the living room. Cheap and easy way to get us to kiss them. We didn't care. We had already, um... well fucked most of them at some point over the last year anyway so kissing them wasn't exactly a problem. So the guys would lure us under the mistletoe and we'd make out with them. Why not, it was a Christmas thing to do. We were drunk and it was fun. Anyway, Nicky gets maneuvered into Eric under the mistletoe. Oops, maybe I shouldn't say names. Oh well, I'm sure you know all about Nicky and Eric, right?"
I didn't aside from the Freshman Party pic and videos, but I had a feeling I was going to find out more.
"Nicole gave him a nice kiss and was going to go and get a drink or something. But before she can go he puts his hands on her shoulders and says something like 'I was hoping for a different kind of kiss' Nicky gets the hint and sinks to her knees in front of him, drops his pants, and sucks him off in front of everyone. We were all watching, and laughing while she did it. When she was done, she just kinda stayed on her knees. Then Jason, do you remember him? Maybe not? Anyway, he was standing near them and made a joke about how this should be the new holiday tradition. Before we knew it, Nicole had his pants down and was blowing him too. It was crazy."
"Damn," I said.
Rachel smiled, "By the end of the night I think everyone got their dick sucked under that mistletoe. Became a bit of a secret tradition after that."
"I think I went to the wrong parties," I laughed.
"I'm sure you had your own fun," Rachel insisted.
I did, but not nearly to the extent Nicole and her friends did.
"So she really did it in front of everyone?" I asked, already knowing what the answer would be.
"What can I say? Nicky really likes sucking dick," Rachel shrugged. "Giving them makes her really happy and turns her on. I'm sure you can appreciate that."
I have to admit, Nicole was amazing with her mouth. I thought back to the end of our second date when she sucked me off and swallowed it all without any hesitation or complaints.
"Yeah," I said with a stupid grin on my face.
"I thought so," Rachel laughed.
"Still..." I said. "I wouldn't mind reviving that tradition."
"I'm sure you would," Rachel teased. "I bet all you would need to do is ask."
"Anything else I should know about the party?" I asked.
"Maybe we'll talk about that another time," she said. "I've said too much already and Nicky's going to kill me if she finds out I told you. I'm getting tired and just about ready to go to bed anyway. I'll see you in the morning and don't worry about Nicky, she's my problem tonight."
I watched Rachel leave, she paused under the mistletoe and turned back to look at me. I could almost see the thoughts running through her head and I'm sure she could see mine too. She bit her lower lip for the briefest of moments before smiling and saying goodnight as she slipped up the stairs. I'm glad neither of us offered the tradition. I'm 99% sure both of us would have declined but I wasn't about to tempt fate.
After Rachel left I was pretty much ready to sleep too but decided to stay downstairs and sleep on the couch instead of the spare bedroom tonight. It was comfy and the throw blanket was warm. I turned off the TV and tried to sleep while visions of Nicole sucking me off drifted through my head.
I woke up early to the sound of a bird tapping on the window and decided to get up. Once I'm awake, I'm awake. I may as well get on with my day.
My thoughts drifted back to the mistletoe party Rachel was talking about and I decided to check my hard drive again to see if I could find out any more.
Before doing that I crept upstairs and peeked into the bedroom to make sure the girls were still asleep. Rachel's panties, dress, and t-shirt she borrowed were on the floor beside the bed, I guess she liked to sleep nude just like Nicole. They were both still sound asleep with Rachel spooning my wife under the covers. The blanket was down just enough that I could see Rachel cupping one of Nicole's breasts with her hand. I resisted the urge to pull them back further to get a better look at the two naked beauties and instead quietly slipped back downstairs.
I unlocked the picture collection with my password and began searching again for the party Rachel talked about. It wasn't in any of the Christmas folders I searched for earlier but I eventually found them by searching by date and renamed the folder so I'd be able to find it easier in the future.
I hoped this was the right one since there was a photo early in the set of Aimee making out with someone under a mistletoe.
As I scrolled through the folder I saw that there were lots of photos of Nicole and Aimee, but none of Rachel. I was starting to wonder if she was even there and maybe she just heard about the story from someone else. It wasn't until I saw a selfie of the three girls taken in front of a mirror that I realized that Rachel was probably the main photographer for this set.
Most of the pictures were pretty tame, it was a small party and the guests were mostly just sitting around drinking, smoking, or sometimes dancing in the middle of the room.
There were of course some good flashing shots, Nicole had her tits out like she seemed to do at every party and there was one of Aimee bent over and flipping up her skirt to show off her bare ass and pussy from behind.
I noticed there was one video file so I loaded it up to see what it showed.
It was Nicole and Eric under the mistletoe. As it started playing I soon realized the story Rachel told me and what really happened weren't quite the same.
The two of them were sharing a kiss while Rachel recorded them.
"Look at the love birds," Rachel laughed.
"How was that?" Nicole asked Eric.
"Nice, but I was thinking of a different kind of kiss," Eric smiled.
"What else did you have in mind, as if I didn't know," Nicole teased.
"Go on, suck his dick," I heard Rachel laugh from behind the camera. "You've been complaining you haven't had his cock in your mouth all week."
Eric laughed and Nicole buried her face in his chest.
"Admit it," Rachel teased.
"You have no idea how badly I want to suck your dick," Nicole looked up at Eric and smiled as she sank to her knees. "Then I want you to take me upstairs and pound my little cunt and until I pass out."
Eric quickly unzipped his pants and my wife wasted no time getting his big cock in her mouth, not caring in the least that there were other people in the room watching them.
This wasn't a half-hearted blow job either, she was going all out. I watched her with a weird fascination as she licked his balls, rubbed his cock on her face, and even tried deep-throating him a few times. I was well aware of just how good she was. In fact, she's probably even better now than she was back then.
To be honest, I would have preferred watching Aimee or Rachel do this, but seeing Nicole was both hot and a little torturous at the same time. I just needed to remind myself this was all in the past before I knew her. 'That was then' as the girls liked to say.
"Damn, is this the new mistletoe tradition?" I heard a voice joke offscreen.
"Get in there and find out," Rachel laughed.
A guy, who I guess was Jason, came into camera view, stood beside Eric, and undid his pants.
Nicole didn't miss a beat and was soon going back and forth between the two guys. Sucking on one while jerking off the other. She was totally engrossed in what she was doing and I'm not sure anything could have distracted her at this point.
I'm not sure if Jason came in her mouth or not, but after a minute or so he backed away, did up his pants and thanked Nicole.
"My pleasure," she said with a smile and wiped her chin.
"That's my girl," I heard Rachel laugh as the video ended.
I shut down the computer and crashed on the sofa. I wondered what else I was going to find if I kept digging. I couldn't count on the pictures telling the whole story, there were always going to be gaps and sometimes it might be impossible to know the context. But I couldn't necessarily count on Rachel to give the whole story either. I know Rachel will probably put a spin on things to put the girls in a better light, and that's not necessarily a bad thing, but it may not always be the actual truth. I guess I'd need to make up my own mind.
Rachel came downstairs a couple hours later. She was dressed in jeans and a hoodie that she had brought along in an overnight bag.
"I need to get going, gotta work this afternoon," she told me. "Thanks for letting me stay over, and especially thanks for the talk last night. It was fun."
"Yeah, it was," I agreed.
Rachel gave me a long hug goodbye.
"Remember to tell Nicole how you really feel about everything," Rachel reminded me. "And if your feelings change on anything, make sure you tell her that too. She's not a mind reader you know. And remember, if you ever need someone to talk about this stuff or anything else, you can call me anytime, okay?"
"Thanks," I replied. "I will."
Rachel gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and headed home.
I tried to spend the morning cleaning up and doing some weekly chores but I couldn't get my mind off the pictures and videos I saw yesterday. I wondered if there was any way I could use my new found knowledge to do something special for Nicole.
An idea popped in my head and I hurried off to a nearby plaza to pick something up before Nicole got out of bed.
I probably didn't need to hurry so much, Nicole had a brutal hangover and was just lying around most of the day. But by Sunday she was back to her normal happy self.
"Sorry for ruining our weekend," she apologized as we cuddled on the sofa. "I kinda overdid it Friday night. The drinks just kept coming and coming."
"Don't worry about it," I told her. "Sometimes you just need a night like that out with your friends."
"It was really fun," she admitted.
Nicole snuggled closer to me and ran her hand up my leg.
"Rachel said you two had a really nice talk while I was out of it," Nicole said, trying to act casual. "What kind of things did you talk about?"
"You know, work, vacation plans, things like that," I replied.
"You two are such bad liars," Nicole laughed. "But that's okay. I'm glad the two of you are close enough now that you can share things with each other. She mentioned that you saw a topless photo of me at the bar so I know you two talked about that at the minimum. Yes, I used to flash my boobs and get free drinks, and no I haven't done it since we met. Anyway, I don't mind you talking to Rachel about it. I wasn't in any shape to talk to you anyway so she was the obvious choice. If you ever see or hear something and you don't know how to talk to me about it, she's the one to go to. I trust Rachel more than anyone else in the world after you."
"Would you do it again?" I asked.
"Do what?"
"Flash for free drinks," I replied.
Nicole laughed. "I don't think you'd like that, so no."
"I wouldn't care, it might be fun," I told her.
"Yeah, you might be okay with my past, but I don't think you'd like me doing that," she insisted.
I wasn't going to convince her in one night, so I let it go.
"Do you know who would like to see your boobs?" I said running my hand up her leg. "I'll even get you a drink."
"No drink required," she smiled. "They're all yours."
I took Nicole by the hand and headed to our bedroom.
We sat on the bed and shared a kiss while we undid each other's clothes.
"I've always liked this part of undressing you the best," I said, hooking my fingers in her panties, slowly slipping them down her legs and tossing them aside. "It's like opening a present."
Nicole leaned back on the bed and opened her legs for me. "Merry Christmas, baby."
I kissed down her thighs until I reached her pussy. My wife let out a sigh as I ran my tongue over her slit and flicked her clit.
"You're so good at that," she moaned.
I tried to keep the thoughts away of Aimee licking this very same pussy. I failed, but instead of distracting me it just made me more turned on.
The minutes flew by as I enjoyed the taste and listened to the moans of my beautiful wife. All the while thinking of her and one of her best friends doing this exact same thing.
I slid a finger, then two inside her warm pussy and Nicole gasped.
"I'd like something a little bigger in there," she teased. "I think you'd warmed me up enough. But I'd like to suck your dick first."
"Why not have both?" I asked with a smile and went to my dresser to get the package I bought earlier.
"What are you up to?" she said suspiciously.
"I'd like to try something different," I said.
"Okay," she smiled. "What did you have in mind?."
I pulled out a large dildo with a suction cup attachment. It was longer than me, and thicker too, but it was the only suitable one they had and I hoped it would work out for what I had in mind.
"Oooh, you bought me a new toy," she giggled.
I stuck it to the headboard, put some lube on it and moved Nicole into position.
"Back into it doggy style?" she asked.
I nodded.
"Okay, I get what you want to do," she grinned. "This should be fun."
It took a couple tries to get the height and angle correct but soon Nicole was impaled on the fake cock and slowly moved forwards and back, working it in and out of her pussy.
"Just give me a minute," she grunted. "It's really big."
"Too big?" I asked, concerned that the one I bought might not be any good for us.
"No," she replied. "It's okay, I'm getting used to it now. It's big, but feels really, really good. I like it a lot, you picked a really nice one. Now bring me your cock. I need you in my mouth."
I knelt in front of my wife and slipped my cock between her lips.
It only took a couple moments before Nicole had the rhythm down perfectly. She was soon madly fucking herself on the dildo and giving me one of her best blowjobs ever.
I moved her hair to the side and she looked up at me with her sparkling blue eyes. She looked so happy with my dick in her mouth.
I let Nicole dictate the rhythm and speed, but soon I was able to coordinate thrusting and I fucked her mouth and let her concentrate on the large rod in her pussy.
I could feel her body shaking as she came and a moment later, I flooded her mouth with my cum.
She greedily sucked every last drop out of me until there was nothing left and I slowly began to soften.
I helped Nicole detach herself from the cock on the headboard and we collapsed on the bed together.
"That was so good," she sighed. "My god, what an orgasm. I think we need to add this to our list of things to keep doing. If you're okay with that."
"I certainly am," I smiled and pulled her close.