From my masturbation perspective I would love to be able to masturbate with a woman while watching each other and watching porn at the same time edging ourselves encouraging each other physically and verbally. I have done it over the phone.
It would be awesome to do it in real life.
I only ever did it once with a woman at the same time outside of marriage in years.
It was a woman I used to know as a girl in high school and I remembered that she liked to have phone sex, and that she still lived in her parents house although they had passed away.
She had no siblings.
So I looked her up and made a phone call, back when you could actually look someone up on the telephone book.
And after bit of small talk I figured I'd take a chance and I asked her point-blank about some things that we used to do the summer after graduation.
In that summer and fall she used to have people over her house when her parents were out, and one time when her parents were on vacation a bunch of us were in her basement, which was a finished basement. On a dare she got naked, she started to masturbate in front of people, soon there was cock sucking, pussy licking, and lots of group masturbation. She sucked my cock and others, many times, as did the other girl.
She even encouraged another girl to masturbate together and they would play with each other's pussies while a bunch of us would watch and masturbate, even a third girl came to watch them masturbate to that as we would jerk off over them.
It only happened about six or seven times as a group over a long time, but it's the type of thing you keep in your mind for life, and this was our crazy post High School insanity. Maybe it was the new found freedom of being legal, but there was something audacious about the whole thing.
I suppose it was a certain form of rebellion, many of us had toed the line for the last year of high school, and several were honor students. Since we were all 18 there was less hesitation then you probably would have been and it was a bit of wine to lubricate the libido.
Although we had a few smaller encounters, after that everything was more or less normal and I didn't see her for at least 25 years.
Anyway, I got it in my head one day, found out that she worked at this place where she would work all alone on certain days after hours. She gave me that phone number too, and I would call her at her job she would go to her private office and we would have phone sex. This was long before security cameras.
So anyway we arranged to get together.
I had to go down to her house. She had a tape, one was playing was playing on the VCR when I came in the house. I had noticed that she was only wearing a robe and nothing else because she barely tied it, so needless to say I was excited. I could see her tits, clearly she was naked underneath.
We went into her bedroom, where she took off the robe and she was naked obviously as I said, and I could see that she had a dildo and a vibrator on the couch/ loveseat next to her she had set up an armchair opposite and a towel on it.
She told me to make myself comfortable and her casually sat back on the loveseat, with a couple of towels spread out and without hesitation spread her legs and slid the dildo right back into her juicy pussy, which she obviously had been masturbating already.
Needless to say I was hard as fucking rock!!
I got naked and when she saw my stiff cock she moaned out loud and started fucking herself faster.
The porn that was playing was an orgy from a swinger video. And it featured a scene that was playing with two women masturbating together while several men were jerking themselves and shooting their squirting cum all over them. It was obvious that she had chosen this tape to remind us of what we used to all do at her house.
I sat back, she reached over, said "catch," and threw me a bottle of lube, so I caught it and in turn spread my legs so she could see my stiff cock. I lubed it up very slowly to make it really shiny and my eyes darting back and forth between the hot pornography on the TV, and watching her stroke the dildo in and out very slow deep strokes.
While she watched me we did this for at least an hour moaning with pleasure, talking dirty to each other, and watching and reminiscing out loud. Finally, she asked me if I wanted to cum with her. I was all primed up to squirt my cum. So we went for it and we came within seconds of each other. She knew I was ready as she pointed it out to me that it it was making her fucking crazy to watch my balls tighten up, watching my hard stiff cock swell even more as I was dripping out of my cock head all over the towel. I felt a huge spasm and groaning out with lust, came hard as several ropes of hot white cum squirted out of my cock.
It was fucking hot as hell as she was fucking moaning and crying out loud, she fucked her hips back and forth legs spread wide, and squirted her juices from her wet cunt.
It was only then that I suddenly started feeling nervous which was stupid.
But she stood up after moment and she went into the other room and came back she had a couple of glasses with a little bit of wine. I wanted some as I definitely needed something to calm myself down.
After a couple of sips of wine I eased up sat back and relaxed my cock was slowly getting soft, but the action and the moaning and groaning of people fucking on the screen and the fact that she was still very naked made me realize that we weren't quite done.
She sat there and didn't say anything for a bit, and then, as I was watching the screen I realized she was opening her legs again, her sexy smooth legs and lightly caressing between them, almost absent-mindedly as she watched the porn, and I saw this and suddenly realized I was getting a hard-on again.
Without hesitation this time I grabbed the lube bottle and sprayed a little bit down on my hard cock and this time I told her look at me and I said, "look what this is doing to me."
I crawled over to her on the floor with my face just inches from her pussy. Her clit was so swollen and I could feel my cock aching. Her cunt was drooling again!
Well I couldn't resist I grasped her thighs, pushed them apart even further and I start to lick and suck on her pussy! Her taste and aroma made me lust for her even more.
You would have thought that she was being ripped to pieces! She started to moan so loudly. Grabbing my hair she started humping my face. and began squirting all over my mouth. I was so fucking hard. She released me and looking up at her with my face all wet she looked and said, "I want to suck your cock again, I want to suck you, it makes me so horny to watch you jerk off for me!.
"Your cock is so hard give it to me," she said and it's still etched in my brain. I stood up and she sat up on the edge of the seat, grabbed her dildo and shoved it back into her hot cunt.
With the other hand she grabbed my my cock, my penis, and wrapped her lips around it and she sucked me off like she used to do in the old days.
What a magic mouth, those soft lips and tongue licking up and down my shaft, and swirling around the head and especially on my frenulum, oh my God it was exquisite!
I couldn't take it anymore and I warned her I was going to cum she again increased the fucking of her mouth on my cock, jerking off my shaft, fucking herself furiously... I ejaculated into her waiting mouth!!
She never stopped caressing me and licking me and sucking me until I was drained! OMG!
Amazingly it was still early enough that we decided to rest a while. All inhibitions gone, we actually got sort of dressed ordered some pizza, and had something to eat and eventually went back upstairs put the tape back on, got ourselves naked, and proceeded to gratify ourselves and each other sexually again.
This time laying on her bed, I wanted her to sit on my face. She lowered that beautiful pussy on my face, her gorgeous ass displayed right there as I fondled caressed it. So silky soft and smooth skin, my tongue lapping furiously, I felt her warm lips engulf my hard cock again. She started a fucking motion with her hips as I ate her out. Her moans of pleasure translated to vibrations on my wet cock, which was halfway down her throat as she went up and down rhythmically playing with my balls and riding my face.
We did not fuck although I think we both wanted to. What ended up happening though is I pushed her off and laid her back, pushing her legs apart.
I buried my face between her legs licked her widely spread thighs, and back up to her tits and nipples.
With the porn still blasting in the background which we could see as we played and which intensified our mutual sex play, she had me lay back, straddled me, and started rubbing herself off on my stiff cock without actual penetration. Oh my God she was wet that it was so delicious, and so seemingly forbidden.
Feeling that wet hot pussy and silky thighs, as she rubbed herself off on my aching prick, and then as suddenly she convulsed with pleasure, fucking like crazy against my erection, made me pump more spurts of wet cum against our skin, in a grand finale of horny juices. It was fucking amazing.
I think part of the arousal was knowing we were not planning to fuck in the first place, yet knowing how difficult it was going to be to not do so. How fucking tempting to want to fuck a woman's pussy, who is grinding her wet cunt against your hard cock, or from her perspective, wanting to be penetrated yet deliberately denying it, all the while with the knowledge that you both have a goal to make each other get off, hard, a pure sexual encounter, no more, no less, just pure desire to make each other cum HARD for each other's pleasure and our own!
That was it.
We never did repeat it but we did talk on the phone several more times where we masturbated talking about it.
What a day!!