It was three weeks since Mark had dropped off Jen at her home. He well remembered how good it felt when she slipped his entire cock down her throat. He had almost cum in her mouth at the time but so eager was she to get fucked that she pulled him inside her with a ferocity he hadn't seen before or since.
After they had both cum she slipped off into dreamland and he drove off into the night.
Despite her promise of texting him when she next needed a ride, he hadn't heard from her. He even texted her to say hi one day but received no reply.
He had tried to get hold of Lin too. He fucked her when she ran out of money to pay for her ride to Scarborough a few weeks ago. She was happy enough at the time to tell him to call her when he wanted her again. When he did call, she put him off. After the second time of putting him off it was clear that he wasn't going to see her again.
So now he sat in his car with a frown on his face. Not only had he not seen Jen or Lin, all the rides he'd had in his Uber were not what he considered attractive in any way. Most were men and the women he'd picked up were just not what he considered attractive.
The whole situation was making him surly. After three weeks of no action he was as horny and frustrated as he had ever been.
His Uber app pinged then. Naturally the rider's name was John.
He sighed and swiped the ride request to accept, then put his car into drive.
Five minutes later he pulled up in front of a classy condo close to Square One. He sat in the circular driveway and stared into space until he heard his back door open.
When he looked in the rear view his eyes went wide. The woman settling herself into the back seat was in her twenties, dressed in very expensive clothes and made up like a super model. Her hair was a golden shade of blonde, perfectly coiffed and looked amazing. She was wearing a white peasant type blouse with pearl buttons and filigrees embroidered into it. Her skirt was dark blue and hung to about her knees.
She nodded briefly at him and sat back.
"I'm going to guess," Mark said, "You're not John."
She smirked and shook her head.
"Is that the name he used?" she asked, "That's funny."
Mark shrugged and the GPS showed him the destination.
"After we get there," she said in a business-like manner, "I'm going to ask you to wait for me. I'll need you to get me back here."
"You'll have to pay for the wait time," Mark said.
"I know," she said, "Besides, John is paying."
She smirked again when she said the name and Mark put his eyes on the road and drove.
The address was a nice split-level townhome in the west end. It was on a quiet street about two hundred yards from a busy byway.
"I'll be back," she said and slipped out of the car.
Mark watched her as she went to the door. Before she could ring the bell, the door was opened quickly and a man in his fifties wearing jeans and a pullover spoke to her urgently. She shrugged and turned to go back to the car. He called out to her and spoke again and she studied him impatiently. She shrugged again and pointed back at Mark's car and shook her head. He nodded in Mark's direction and she raised her shoulders as if to say she didn't know.
She walked slowly back to the car and Mark lowered his side window.
"What would you say if we asked you to just drive around the block for a few minutes?" she asked.
"Where do you want to go?" he said, "It makes no difference to me. The meter's still running. But it's nice to know where I'm going."
"It doesn't matter where we go," she said, "We just need to, um, use your back seat for a few minutes."
Mark sighed angrily and frowned.
"And then I get to clean up the mess?"
"There won't be any mess," she said, "If there is, I'll pay you cash to clean it before I get out of the car."
Mark grimaced and sighed again.
"And what will I be doing while you're using my back seat?"
"Watching? Driving? Jerking off? I don't care!"
"What about him?" Mark said, "Won't he care?"
"Honey, he won't be thinking about anything besides what I'm doing."
Mark rolled his eyes and nodded reluctantly.
"Fine, just don't make a mess."
She leaned in close and whispered in his ear.
"Sweetie, when I suck and swallow, there is no mess!"
Mark snickered and settled into his seat.
The woman got into the back seat followed by the man from the house.
"Oh Delilah," he said hurriedly, "You don't know how badly I've wanted this!"
"Sure thing Hun," she said, "Next time, make sure your wife doesn't come home early!"
"Yeah yeah," he said, "I know. Now let's get on with this!"
As Mark pulled away from the house he heard the sound of a zipper. In his rear view mirror he saw Delilah bend over John's lap. Then he heard him gasp. She made small slurping noises as she hummed. He whimpered a little as she started to get warmed up.
Mark tried hard to concentrate on driving. It wasn't easy. It was a good thing it was almost nine at night. There wasn't much traffic so he could sneak the occasional peak into the back to see her head bobbing up and down on him.
John started breathing more heavily and she started sucking in earnest. After a few more minutes he grunted and she moaned her appreciation. His hips bounced up and held there while she gripped his rod fiercely with mouth and hand. Mark heard her gulp a few times and then John sighed and fell back against the seat.
"Oh man!" he groaned, "No one sucks like you do!"
"I know," she said smugly as she wiped a stray bit of semen from her lips.
He laid back with a smile and she settled herself primly in the seat opposite.
"We can go back to his place now," Delilah said with an impish grin.
Mark nodded and retraced the route he'd taken away from the house. As they pulled up in front, the man was getting himself ready to jump out of the car.
"Aren't you forgetting something Hun?" Delilah said.
Mark looked in the mirror and realized she was talking to John.
"I didn't forget!" he said, "I left my wallet at home."
"What?" she said sternly, "That wasn't part of the agreement!"
"You'll get your money!" he said, "I just need to get my wallet!"
Mark stopped the car outside the man's house but engaged the child-locks. This prevented the rear doors from opening.
"How does she know that?" Mark said as he glared at the man in the back seat.
"What?" the man said and turned to look at him, "You stay out of this! This is none of your business!"
Delilah opened her mouth to speak but then closed it and watched Mark with interest.
"I make it my business when one of my customers is being taken advantage of," Mark said evenly, "So, why don't I go into the house with you? You can find your wallet and I'll deliver the money to her."
"You're not going into my house!" the man shouted.
"Fine," Mark said, "I'll just ring the doorbell and ask your wife for the money."
"What?" the man said desperately, "You can't do that!"
"Maybe I'll go ring the doorbell," Delilah said with a knowing smile.
"But—," John said helplessly, "That's—"
"It seems you've got two choices," Mark said, "I go with you or she does. I think my presence might be a little easier to explain."
"I thought you were discreet!" John snapped at Delilah.
"And I thought you were good for the money," she replied, "You do realize this is our last date."
"Aw, come on!" he whined, "Don't be like that!"
"It says right in my ad," she said, "No time wasters. Right now, you're wasting my time."
John grimaced and nodded reluctantly.
"Fine!" he said petulantly and then turned to Mark, "You come in and I'll get you the money. If my wife asks, I owed you for a football bet."
"Whatever works for you pal," Mark said.
He unlocked the back doors and got out. He followed directly behind John to the door and waited patiently for him to unlock it.
As soon as they were inside the foyer, the man pulled a wad of cash out of his back pocket and counted out two hundred dollars.
"There!" he said as he slapped it into Mark's palm, "Satisfied?"
Mark smirked and shook his head.
"If you had the money all along, why didn't you just give it to her?"
John shook his head and stared at the floor.
When it was apparent he was not going to reply, Mark opened the door and walked back to the car.
He got in and passed the cash to the woman in the back. She took it and regarded him curiously.
"Why did you do that?" she asked, "It was nothing to do with you. You could have just let him rip me off."
Mark shrugged and put the car in gear. He started driving back to her condo and didn't respond. He didn't even look at her in the mirror.
Truthfully, he didn't know why he'd done it. Probably because it seemed like the right thing to do. In a way it made him feel a little like a white knight coming to the rescue of a damsel in distress. But, he knew she was no damsel. Despite the good looks and expensive clothes, she was a hard bitten street girl. She was very successful and expensive. That much was obvious from her appearance. But she was a street girl just the same.
When they got to her condo she studied him with a calculating expression on her face.
"You know," she said, "I haven't needed a pimp for many years. I've figured out ways around that sort of thing. Every now and then I get screwed over for a payment. That's where a pimp comes in handy. They can go and sort out the John and get the money out of him. But the price isn't worth it. I lose more than half my pay using those guys.
"When it happens to me now, I just put the guy on a blacklist and spread the word around that they're deadbeats. Then none of the girls will go near him.
"What you did tonight was great. And you didn't even ask for a kickback. Why not?"
Mark frowned and looked at his lap for a moment then met her eyes in the mirror.
"Because, I guess the kind of kickback I wanted wasn't going to happen anyway," he said.
She grinned and leaned forward.
"Why not?" she asked, "What were you hoping for?"
Mark bit his lip and sighed.
"A blowjob I guess," he mumbled.
She nodded and smirked.
"Pimps ask for those kinds of kickbacks too," she said.
"I know," he said, "That's why I knew it wasn't going to happen."
She settled back in the seat and looked him in the eye.
"Why don't you give me your number?" she said, "Maybe I could use you again some time."
Mark frowned and nodded.
"Alright," he said.
He put a text together and sent it to the number she provided.
She received it and nodded to him. Then she got out of the car and walked around to the driver's side window.
"I've got appointments all night," she said, "I'll let you know when I'm free. Then you can come around for your reward."
"Sure," Mark said, knowing he'd never hear from her again.
"By the way," she said, "My name is Leslie."
Mark nodded and drove away.
A week later Mark was sitting in one of his favorite resting spots waiting for his next ride. As it happens, it was just up the street from the massage parlor where he'd picked up Lin four weeks ago.
He admitted to himself that he was there because he wanted to catch a glimpse of her again. He would never tell anyone else that of course. Stalking was just not cool!
He leaned back in his seat and half closed his eyes. The windows were open and the breeze off the lake felt good. The sun was hot and the air was humid.
He must have dozed off because he was startled out of his reverie by a knock on the passenger door. He looked over in alarm to see Lin looking at him with a knowing smile.
"Looking for me?" she said in her thick Chinese accent.
He swallowed nervously and shook his head.
"Liar!" she said then opened the door and got into the car.
"Wha—" he stammered.
"Park over there," she instructed.
Without thinking about it, he put the car in drive and pulled into the lot outside the massage parlor.
"We not open yet," she said as she got out of the car, "You come in now!"
Mark turned off his Uber app and staggered to the door behind her. She went inside and looked back at him impatiently. He scurried through the door and followed her into the rose colored dimness beyond the reception area.
As they went through the beaded curtain toward the back, he saw two very pretty Chinese girls look at him curiously from a small ante room. They were both dressed in lingerie, one of them wearing red, the other in blue.
Lin led him down a hall that went to the very back of the building. There was a doorway to their left which she opened. Beyond was a small room with a massage table and some shelves with towels and other accoutrements on them.
She reached behind her and unzipped her conservative looking dress. It fell to the floor to reveal her bra and panties.
"Take off clothes," she said as she unhooked her bra.
It fell to the floor and then she stepped out of her panties. She lay back on the massage table and spread her legs wide. Her wispy dark hair was matted with her own pussy juice.
"You lick me now," she said with a grin, "You good fuck. I want to be licked!"
Not one to waste time asking stupid questions, Mark shrugged out of the last of his clothes and knelt on the floor between her legs.
He started off by running his tongue the entire length of her pussy. It was a small slit that was now puffy with desire, so it was a short trip. She appreciated every inch of his tongue swab. He groaned softly as he savored the sweet, salty taste.
He discovered the hard nub at the apex of her slit and flicked his tongue on it a couple of times.
"Ooh!" she gasped quietly.
She began rotating her hips against his mouth and he dove in with relish. He gripped his cock with one hand and stroked it once or twice.
She ground into his face and a big smile appeared on her face. It was then that Mark noticed the two girls from the reception area. They had followed them in and were now watching as he licked her pussy. They were smiling and nudging each other. Whether it was because they were getting off on the show or just because they'd never seen their manager get fucked before, he didn't know or care.
Lin wrapped her thighs around his neck and pulled him in tight. He buried his face even further into her twat. He reached inside her with his tongue as far as he could and she groaned happily.
When she jerked and reached for his head with her hands and scissored her thighs around his neck, the two girls in the doorway commented to each other happily in Mandarin. They cheered as Lin howled through her orgasm. Then she lay back contented.
She said something loudly in Mandarin and the two girls giggled and scurried away.
"You don't like being watched?" Mark said as he stood up to line his cock up with her entrance.
"You never mind that!" she said.
Mark shrugged and pushed his member slowly inside her. Lin groaned and gripped the sides of the massage table with her hands.
She said something in a dreamy voice and sighed. Although Mark couldn't understand her, he knew she was saying something good.
He crawled up onto the table and she wrapped her legs around his midriff.
"Ooh, you good fuck!" she muttered.
"You too!" Mark said with feeling as he started pumping into her.
They kissed and she held him very close. He slid in and out of her in a steady rhythm and she responded by shimmying her hips against him.
Suddenly Mark felt a light touch next to his anus.
He looked back over his shoulder and saw the two girls, one on each side of the table, reaching between his legs. The girl in the blue negligee was tickling his perineum. The girl in the red was doing the same to Lin. They were both grinning from ear to ear.
He and Lin both cried out together and he unloaded his semen deep inside her. She was convulsing and shaking as her own orgasm hit.
When he slipped his wilting cock out of her pussy, the girl in red took it into her mouth and sucked it clean. The girl in blue planted her lips around Lin's pussy and licked it clean. Mark watched in fascination as they slurped up every drop of cum from hic cock and Lin's twat. He shivered as the girl licked every inch of his boner.
He groaned and so too did Lin.
When they were done, the two girls ran out of the room laughing and shouting in Mandarin.
"Wow!" Mark said.
Lin grimaced and shook her head.
"Those girls bad!" she said.
Mark nodded and staggered off the table to get his clothes. Lin put her own clothes on in a business-like manner and then calmly looked at him.
Mark returned her gaze and frowned.
"It's been a month," he said, "Why now?"
She smirked and grimaced.
"I saw your car out the window," she said, "Then I remember how you make me feel."
"Maybe I should park here more often," he said.
Lin shook her head and frowned.
"Then I don't get anything done," she said, "And those girls, they laugh at me."
"Maybe they're laughing with you," he said, "They get fucked every day, many times a day. Maybe they're happy to see you get some."
Lin frowned and looked at the floor.
"Next time I call you don't ignore me," he said.
She nodded and sighed.
He walked toward the front and found the two girls sitting on a couch in reception. They smiled broadly at him. The girl in blue winked.
The girl in red spoke in Mandarin and Lin spoke harshly from behind him. The girls started giggling again and scurried off into the ante room.
"She say she want her turn," Lin said.
Mark snickered and leaned in to kiss her. Lin shied away but Mark took her face in both hands and held her while he planted his lips softly on hers.
She blushed but didn't resist.
Then he walked back to his car grinning from ear to ear.