Tina hit "Next" and looked at the screen.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" She said to the image. A male, nude, showed up on the webcam. It was the eighth of the day. "Jesus Fucking Christ! Always you fucking pervs showing your junk! Get a goddamn life!" she said to the stranger.
The penis wiggled at her, a hand stroked it a few hesitant times. The cameras were never aimed above the chest.
"What is it with you fucks?" she asked, "As soon as I don't scream and panic and click away, you just start jerking off. C'mon! Can't you bastards maybe get attention from your wives or girlfriends? Oh, I know, you don't have any, so you have to come on here."
No motion from the man on the other webcam. He waited. Tina spoke again.
"And look at that gray hair you got on your balls. What are you, 60? Don't you have something better to do, like flash girls at the busstop or go stalk kids at daycare, you pedo? I can't fucking believe some old man is showing me his dick. Lame. Fucking lame."
The hand made a thumbs-up sign and started stroking.
"Yeah, yeah, now you're gonna jerk off for me like I WANT to see it. You think you're all brave and big and bad showing your dick to a random girl. You're nasty, you know that? Get a fucking life, loser."
The hand stroked the cock more, fondled the balls.
"Wow, now you're all turned on that I'm staring at your dick, right? You get off on people seeing how tiny your penis is? Oh, wait, now you ask for tits. You say, "Tits or GTFO," right? Christ, you bastards are so predictable."
The hand let go of the cock, now fully erect. It waved like a flagpole, maybe six inches, trimmed pubes.
"Christ, I wouldn't get my tits out for that. Fucking shave or something. At least make it fun for the girl if you're gonna force yourself on us. But you're nothing special, shoving your junk in my face. Think you're empowered? Fuck you, because girls are tough, too. Watch this, you sick bastard."
Tina tilted the webcam down, aimed it between her neck and her stomach. She grabbed the bottom of her yellow smiley-face t-shirt and pulled it up to her chin. She wore no bra. She watched as her tits, large, perky C-cups with big rosy nipples, showed up on the screen. The stranger jumped and started stroking his cock quickly. He then leaned forward and typed a single sentence on the screen.
"Wow."
"You're fucking right, 'wow,'" Tina said. She held her shirt up, exposing her tits to the man as he masturbated. "You think, "Oh, look, hot girl showing her tits. It's gotta be because of my cock." Your cock is nothing. You're just an old, fat piece of crap getting off on flashing some young girl."
Tina pulled at her nipples, pinched them, getting them hard.
"I bet you like this, don't you?" Tina asked. The hand stroking the dick slowed down, giving long pulls, tickling the balls, jerking, building an orgasm. Tina pulled her shirt off over her head and squeezed and rubbed her tits with both hands. In her own cam, she saw her face and body above the waist. The good lighting made her highly visible.
"Now you want to see me naked, don't you? You males never get enough, do you? Christ, here."
Tina stood up, unbuttoned her jean shorts, and pushed them, with her underwear, off her hips and down her legs. She stepped out of the puddle of clothes and stood naked in front of the camera. A second hand joined the first in the cam and ran its fingertips over the fat pasty belly. Tina laughed.
"Ugly gut you got. Fatass."
She kicked her leg up on the chair and rubbed her clit with her finger. Warmth spread through her body and she felt her own orgasm start building.
"This is what you want, right? Me cumming because of your cock? I bet you wish this was in person, don't you," Tina said, "That way I could suck your dick. You want that? Me to make you cum with my mouth? Swallow your load?"
She rubbed harder, warm tension building in her thighs. She turned around and bent over, her ass facing the camera. She spread her feet and put her hand between her legs. She rubbed along her slit and slid her fingers in her pussy. She looked over her shoulder. The dick was getting jerked hard. She spread her legs wider, fingers pumping in and out of her.
"I bet you want to fuck this tight hole, don't you? I wouldn't let an old fart like you anywhere near my cunt."
Her back arched and she rubbed her clit. Pleasure ripped through her body and she came hard, breathing heavily. She slumped against her chair, turned and sat on it. Her legs were spread apart and she stayed fully on cam. She looked up in time to see loads of cum spurt from the dick. The hand gave a few more pumps and the body slumped over. Another thumbs up and a quick "Thanks" appeared on the screen.
"Fuck you," Tina said. The cam turned off and she quickly hit STOP before the next cam showed up. She put her clothes back on and caught her breath. A minute later, she reached for the mouse.
Tina hit "Next" and looked at the screen.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" She said to the image. A male, nude, showed up on the webcam. It was the ninth of the day. "Jesus Fucking Christ! Always you fucking pervs showing your junk! Get a goddamn life!" she said to the stranger.