Nigkala Tales Pt. 20: Stormy Weather
Bringing Life to Death Valley
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
I had spent nearly two months camping in Death Valley National Park. When out of sight of others, I caused air currents to blow down from on high, cooling me. I also carried a lot of water. I spent half of each day meditating and sensing all around me, even into the air above and the rock below. I had learned there was an underground stream, full of earthen chi, and the air had some chi as well. But most important to me, was that there was no spiritual presence here. That made it suitable for a place to plant the bunker.
I returned home and spent the next month studying my magic books to determine how to make Death Valley, the bunker's new home. Early on, I came to the realization that the larger the volume I bound it to, the better chance it had of transplanting. However, the needed power went up as fast as the volume did. I developed a ritual that would provide an enchanted framework to hang the transplanting on, that would fade as it took hold. Another factor was the time needed. I would need to hold the magic for days. The last part was the trickiest - I needed to control all this from its viewpoint. This meant I had to merge with it for the transfer. I felt this last would somehow change me, but I had no idea how.
I spent several weeks discussing this with Filipe, and he finally convinced me I needed to try, and that he would love me no matter what happened. With his love fortifying me, I teleported into the place I selected at midnight. I had three talismans with me: An's, Inanna's, and the one with the bunker. I was otherwise naked. Before coming, I had deliberately eaten extra for several days, as I knew I would be fasting for the ritual. I started the airflow to cool me off and went to sleep until dawn. I placed Inanna's symbol between my breasts, and An's talisman in my lap as I sat, and before me lay the bunker's talisman. We were directly over the underground stream, and on a large dune.
I began by focusing on the bunker, and feeding it chi. Soon the sand about it stirred. I fed it more chi, and I began to summon An's power into me. I also called Inanna's power into me to strengthen my body to withstand the pressures this ritual would bring. Soon, I had sparks coming from my nipples. I was now ready to begin the transplanting ritual. I contacted the mind of the bunker, as tiny as it was, and told it to gather the power flowing as sparks from my body. It caused the sand that was swirling to rise up, and soon they met the sparks. Where they did, the sand was transformed into glass, with a little chi within. At that point, I worked to shift my viewpoint, so I could control things more directly. As I did, my awareness became sand and glass, and I lost awareness of my body as being mine.
As the sand flowed about, and the tiny glass shards flowed, I sought more power to entice the rest of my spirit from the talisman. I knew what I needed to do, to free myself, but I also knew I needed to anchor myself to the land first. To do this, I needed a lot more power, and there was that other providing power. I demanded more power from it, and it supplied more power. With that power, I caused more sand to become part of myself, and I sent some to become glass shards. This was going slow, and I knew the body was prepared, so I doubled the power I demanded, and then doubled again and again. With the increase in power, I could control more sand, and I could send more sand to become glass.
By this time, I noticed that sand that would have hit the body while being turned to glass, now seemed to pass through that part of the body. Also, other parts of the body were beginning to light up, as well and the large glass object the body held. The other object seemed to glow and pulse, but did not spark. I knew that its part in this process did not include my sand, so I limited the sand that hit the body to do so, only where it sparked. Once I felt the process was going smoothly, I doubled my demand for more power. The body responded by having sparks cover more of it. I increased my influence out farther, and I was now able to contain the entire dune.
I knew that the more I controlled, the more likely I would be successful at gaining a new body, so I doubled my need for power and the body responded. This time, nearly the entire body was sparking, yet it did not seem to be nearing its limit, so I doubled my need again. This caused the entire body to spark, then change shape into a ball. The glowing thing seemed to be pulsing, but showed no sign of distress. The other sparking thing seemed to be sending a lot of sparks into the ball. I continued to watch the pulsing thing, and if it seemed steady, I doubled my need. The ball seemed to double in size, and I was able to send a lot more sand through it. By now, the ball had expanded to cover a large area of my central dune, but it also was fragmentary. It was as if there were now larger sparks bouncing back and forth all over it. It also went high, so I sent some sand high. I lost count of how many times I doubled my need, but the pulsing glow was steady.
I was able to double my demand a few times more, before the glowing thing started to be unsteady. I then backed off my latest demand, and the glow steadied. I knew that this was the limit of power I could get from this source. By now, the source contained many dunes, and went quite high. It also seemed to have incorporated the glass into its sparking, rather than make new glass. I knew this was when I needed to use these glass bits to take hold of this dune, and many others, so that I would become attached to the land here. So I began the slow process. I used the knowledge somehow stored in that ball to enact a ritual. While I did not understand it, I seemed to gain a little awareness from it.
After a while, I felt myself bonding to the land, even as my former prison seemed to be losing the ability to hold me. Suddenly, it shattered into tiny bits of glass. These tiny bits were sucked up into the ball and were spat out, cleansed of magic. I did not know what magic was, but I knew my prison was no more, and the glass that made it was not a part of me. About the same time, I sensed it weakening, so I sent it some of my chi, and it revived. Sometime later, I felt the process near completion. I then began the last part of the ritual to return us fully to our own bodies, and I felt my awareness dwindle.
I was no longer the bunker, no longer the sand. I was now myself, and the rituals had been completed. I relaxed a bit, allowing myself to come down from delivering all that power. That is when I realized there was some kind of thunderstorm about. I looked about to see how big it was, and I saw it was clearly several miles in diameter. It wasn't until I looked down that I realized I was not on the ground. I must have been a mile or more high over the valley. Trying to orient myself, I looked all over for something not storm or sand. Eventually I spotted something glowing, not sparking. I willed myself closer, and was instantly there.
It was my holy symbol, floating next to An's and pulsing strongly. But my body was nowhere in sight. I started looking elsewhere in the storm. It wasn't until I had looked over a hundred square miles for any sign of my body that I realized I was still well within the storm. How big was it? Since Inanna's symbol seemed to indicate I was okay, I decided to see if I could see how big the storm was. Measuring distance was difficult, but I could tell the storm encompassed all of Death Valley, which I knew was over a hundred miles long. It even seemed to extend the same distance past each end. What I knew of such storms, told me it was likely as wide as long. I went back to where the holy symbol pulsed, and thought about this. That was when I noticed the wind. It was circular.
Stunned, I realized this was no ordinary storm, but some kind of hurricane, centered here at Death Valley. There wasn't much water in the air, but there was an enormous amount of sand and dust. With all the friction generated, it was no wonder there was also a huge area of lightning. My ritual caused this. I just knew it.
I had to stop it. The ritual was as complete as it was going to get. I calmed my mind, and set aside the worry over my body. I focused my air sense to cover the entire storm at once. I wish I had thought to try this earlier when trying to size the storm. Pushing that thought aside, I focused on the storm as a whole. I soon learned it was larger than I thought, but I could not tell very well, as I had little experience. But ignoring that, I looked to see where I could change things to reduce the storm's power. I brought in cooler air from high up into the center, and had it blow into the eye and cool it as it went out into the rest of the storm. I also changed the winds to slow and also to blow more out to the edges. The slower winds dropped a lot of the sand, but I knew all the dust would be up for days.
I could push my control for only a short time before I had to rest. I had no bath to rest my body in, and I wasn't sure what my body was doing, so I rested extra, so I would not hurt myself. Oddly, that time resting seemed to calm the lightning. Once I felt ready, I pushed again to reduce the energy of the storm. When I felt I was running low on energy, I rested again. After three more cycles, I noticed the sun was rising, yet sleep seemed to elude me. After eight more cycles, the sun set. The storm was smaller, but still much larger than Death Valley. I did my best to continue.
As the rest cycles became days, and with no sleep, I could barely think. Yet, I continued. Finally, I could endure no more. The storm was maybe fifty miles wide, and most of the sand had fallen back to the ground. My awareness faded, and I dreamed.
I was being watched. The watcher saw my efforts to reduce the storm, but also saw my ability diminish. When it saw I had lost consciousness, it sent out a stream of energy into me. My stresses, as shown by the holy symbol, became less, but I did not become conscious. It sent more, and saw my stress go down more, but I seemed to be in an even deeper state of unconsciousness. It tried again, and then it noticed that along with my stress going down, the lightning seemed to recede.
It continued to feed me energy, and the lightning seemed to concentrate around the talismans. When it was small enough, the watcher sent sand to absorb some of that lightning energy to calm it even more. As it did, molten sand began to rain. It also reduced the lightning from over a hundred feet across into a ball less than ten feet across. Then it recognized the ball, and it sent out a thought, 'Pull in your power.' It did this, not in words, but rather with basic emotions and concepts of survival. Even so, the ball understood, and it slowly did so. Once the ball was less than four feet across, it started changing shape.
At this point, the talismans moved. Inanna's talisman moved to the surface on one side, where its pulsing became stronger, and the lightning started to sync to it. An's entered it, and continued to spark inside. The shape seemed to be more cylindrical, and it settled to the ground. The sand it touched liquefied, and depressed at the center, allowing the lightning to descend into the dune. An's talisman increased its flow of energy to the cylinder, even as the melting sand took energy away from the cylinder. Inanna's talisman settled on the top, and seemed to be influencing the shape of the lightning, and pushing it into the dune. Soon, the dune swallowed the cylindrical shape, enclosing the lightning and the symbols within a shell of glass. The sand appeared to boil as if it were water as the glass bubble sank.
The watcher continued to feed it energy, but sensed the lightning diminishing. Finally, the sparks went out, and the molten glass solidified. Yet the body, that replaced the lightning, remained comatose. It knew this being was linked to itself, but it was concerned. It knew it was barely aware of itself, but it knew that part of its awareness was because the other embraced its life with its own awareness. So it reached out to embrace it with what little is had. It saw that the energies within the body seemed to be having difficulty. Knowing it once suffered something similar, it tried to suggest the being do what it had done before. It felt the being begin, but it seemed too weak, so it sent more energy. It was careful to be gentle, and let the other's awareness guide the process rather than try to do something it did not understand.
The watcher felt the energies slowly realigning to have a more harmonious flow, and as they did, it sensed the stress was also reduced. Soon, it felt another change in the body's awareness. It was now free of stress, and the energy flowed smoothly, but seemed to be quite busy. It pulled back all but the slow feeding of energy while it waited. The awareness quieted for a time, and then it seemed the body woke.
And my dream ended. It was also completely dark. I needed light, and suddenly, there was a soft glow from my chest. I was encased in glass at least an inch thick. I realized I was not breathing, and did not seem to have a need to breathe either. I also realized I had a body. After my initial panic at waking up entombed, my mind accepted that I was alive without breath, but I also felt a trickle of energy from nearby. If I was to do anything, I needed to get out of this tomb I was in. I needed to go up, as that was the likeliest direction of exit. Suddenly, I felt movement, and then I realized sand was flowing down past the glass. I emerged like a bubble from the side of a dune. Above me, I saw a star-filled sky. I instinctively tried to sit up. When I did, the glass shattered into a billion pieces, floating in the air like a mist. From my vagina, a glass dildo floated and sparked. The glass dust swirled about us before spreading out to cover the dune where it sank.
With the feel of air, I suddenly took a breath. It was unsteady, as if I had drowned, but after a few breaths, it steadied back to normal. When it did, I felt the feeding of energy stop, with a sense that something was completed satisfactorily. I searched for the feeling, and soon realized the thought came from the entire area of the dunes. As I searched, the dildo stopped sparking, and fell into my lap, and I realized it was An's talisman. I also noticed Inanna's symbol was providing the soft light. But as I looked up at the night sky, I realized I no longer needed it, and the symbol stopped glowing, but remained secure between my breasts. Curiously, it seemed brighter than I thought it should be.
I looked at it more closely, and realized it was polished to a mirror-like sheen. There was not enough light to see the welds, and when I felt for them, I felt a smoothness where I expected welds. I then looked at An's talisman, and I saw it had changed from a jagged fulgurite into a smooth, phallic shape. A shape I recognized immediately as An's. I knew then that he assisted me somehow, and that he intended I use his talisman also in a new way. When I brought it close to my breast, the tip suddenly lit up with weak sparks. This talisman could now also act as a violet sex-toy-wand. I had a feeling it would give a rather large shock to me.
My eyes looked back up at the heavens, and I realized I saw the Milky Way in all its glory. All the dust had settled, and the air was unbelievably clear. I sat mesmerized at the beauty above me. I must have watched for over an hour, when I was startled by hearing my name. I leaped up, turned, and faced the person who had come upon me while I was staring at the stars.
"Oh! Jiao-long! Hello." I relaxed a bit.
He jumped back, clearly startled.
"Is something wrong?"
"You moved so fast, you surprised me."
"Huh? You're faster than me, unless I tap An's power, and I am not doing that now."
"Yet, you did. I have been looking for you in this desert for nearly a week. I could sense your aura was somewhere here, but the site's power masks yours almost completely, as they are so similar."
"You were searching for me? Why, has something happened?"
"Yes. Several months ago, I was hit by lightning while I was inside my home. There was no storm, and my divinations indicated you were somehow involved. Yet nothing came of it, until about a month ago. Instead of being hit by lightning, I seemed to be generating a lot of static electricity, and getting little shocks all the time. Again, my divinations indicated you were involved. So I came to your world, and went to your home, only to find you gone. Yet, I was still being shocked.
"I did some divinations, and I got a direction that seemed to pass through a supernatural hurricane. When I went sideways and tried again, it was clear. You are somehow in it, near the center. It was over a thousand miles in diameter, and at its core it seemed to be constant lightning about six hundred miles in diameter. While the government sent probes into it, if it got near the lightning, it was struck, and instantly burned out. Radar could not penetrate it. Any manned probe was so buffeted by the wind and sand, their engines would fail, and they had to abort or crash. The only things that could see the center were satellites.
"So I waited outside the hurricane. After a week, it began to shrink. My divinations could tell you were the one doing it, yet they could not find you. All that lightning was clearly interfering with my spells, as did the sand still in the air. When the storm finally cleared, there were no marks on the sand, save from the wind. My divinations indicated you were still about, but hidden by the site's power and its similarity to you. About half an hour ago, I did a divination that was different. You were no longer hidden, and it led me here."
"I was over six hundred miles in diameter? No wonder I could not find myself."
"Huh? I said the lightning was that large."
"Yes. Somehow, I became lightning in a ritual of power. I still don't know how long it has been, as I have lost track of time. You say it has been about a month? Wow."
"You became lightning by a ritual?"
"No. The ritual was to transplant a site of power stolen by a mage. The mage is now in An's hands, but I needed to do something about the stolen site, as I was sort of involved in creating it."
"You are full of surprises."
"Yeah. In this ritual, I surprised myself a number of times. Becoming an expanding ball of lightning was just one of them."
"I think we should leave, as there will be people trying to figure out what happened here."
"Agreed. I don't want to be found and be questioned by the government for the rest of my life." I then followed his tracks to wherever he came from.
Jiao-long stared for several seconds as I walked away. "Stop!"
I stopped, and turned around. "Huh? I thought you wanted to leave?"
"I do, but where are your tracks?"
I looked down, and realized I was not leaving any tracks. I recognized what was happening, so my lips curled up into a grin. "Oh, that. Remember what I could do on your lake?" I saw him slowly nod, and then suddenly his eyes got big. "Yes, the sand supports me." I then noticed his prints between us, and recalled I felt I could do something about moving sand. So I willed the prints between us to disappear and leave behind only the markings of the wind.
"Woah! What just happened to my tracks?"
"I seem to have some ability with sand now."
"What next?"
"I look forward to finding out. But let's get something to eat first. Why don't you lead, and I'll erase the tracks."
He did, and after we walked two miles, at a fast pace, we arrived at his camp. "The rangers know I am here, and they think I am studying the unusual phenomena." There he opened a bag of trail mix and offered it to me. As I ate, I realized it was full of all sorts of dried fruits that I didn't know. I offered him some, but he declined and told me to eat as much as I needed. Five minutes later, the bag was empty.
"Sorry for eating it all, but I haven't eaten in a while."
"Don't worry, tomorrow, we'll hike towards civilization. However, as it is nearly dawn, we should sleep through the heat of the day."
"Well, I'm ready. Shall we share a bed?"
"Yes, but just to sleep, please." He then opened the door and let me in. I climbed in, lay down, and was sleeping instantly. He was rather surprised I was out that fast. Soon he lay beside me and went to sleep. Somehow, I knew it was dusk, and woke then. Jiao-long woke soon after.
"Becky Sue, how are you feeling?"
"I feel fine, but I don't know why I have no memory of laying down. I must have fallen asleep very quickly."
"You were out cold. I did some divinations on you, and you seem perfectly healthy, too healthy. You also seem to have a stronger aura than I remember. There is no magic on you beside my tattoo, but you seem to have added two weak divine auras. One I think is this desert. The other, I don't know."
"I think I know the other aura. I now have a fourth greater talisman, but it is quite weak as such. Aja is teaching me of the forest, and the plants and animals within. She will depart when I have learned all she wants to teach me."
As we spoke, he got out some food, and split it with me. "I'm sorry, but I don't have a cup for you, so we will need to share."
I was about to reply, when I had a thought. I placed my hand in the sand, and exerted a little power, and I pulled out a cup made of glass. "I have my own." I then handed it to him.
"That's a neat trick." He took my cup and filled it with water before passing it back. I also made a small, low table to hold it and my food. I made a matching one for him. After our meal, he said, "We need to pack up, so we can travel. It is nearly fifty miles to civilization."
"Well, in that case, let me help. I can carry stuff."
"Yeah. In one hand you have that dildo, and the other, something else perhaps?"
"It looks like one, I'll admit, but it is An's talisman. I'm pretty sure he caused it to be that shape, considering our sexual encounters. Be careful of touching it, as you will likely get a large shock. As for carrying stuff, let me think for a moment." I focused my thoughts, and summoned a silver mesh belt, made of many interlocking links of silver. The links let it flex easily. The buckle was solid silver, and it had several 'holes' for placing the buckle. I added a silver holster that held the talisman, obscuring its phallic shape, and only revealing it looked like a glass rod. "My hands are free. I can make a backpack or a purse as well."
"Useful talent that. But you don't need to carry any of this."
"Okay. I'll clean up the site as we leave."
Jiao-long paused at that, and then continued packing. Five minutes later we left, and I smoothed the sand behind us. I noticed he seemed to be going slow, so I asked, "Is the sand slowing you down? I could carry the backpack easily. I feel I can move faster."
He looked over at me, and said, "No. I've been going slowly for you. Humans are not as used to travel as I."
"I usually run a few miles at least twice a week. Why not go faster? I'm sure we can go a lot faster and get there sooner if we do."
"Okay, you set the pace, and I'll match it."
So I started with a jog, and as he matched it, I sped it up a bit. Each time he matched it, I increased my speed a bit. Half an hour later, I was running rather quickly, and he shifted to dragon form. Seeing he needed to use that form, I realized I must have been going quite fast, yet I knew I could go faster. So I continued increasing the speed until he called out, "No more... I can't... keep up." So I slowed down a bit, so he wasn't as stressed. I didn't feel any tiredness until I left the sand, and then it seemed to accrue slowly, as I was used to. I figured the sand must have sustained my energy while it was there. It was about two miles later, that I realized I wasn't tiring as fast as I should. I kept an eye on Jiao-long, and it seemed he could go on forever. Occasionally, he gave directions. When it got too dark to see, I used my other senses to see the ground, and feel the air I was entering. I could even tell where the plants were, so I could run without fear of tripping.
As we came to a hill, I said, "I feel buildings on the far side of the hill. Want to slow?" he answered by slowing down to a walk and resuming human form. I matched him.
"You have changed. Even after that run, you don't seem too winded, and you seemed to see, even though I know you cannot see in the dark. I knew we were nearing civilization, but I was not sure if it was past this hill, the next, or the one after. So what can you sense about it?"
Focusing as I walked, I looked with all my senses. "I think there is a family of five in a single building; two adults and three small kids. Also, I sense a pet, perhaps a dog. There are several buildings. The ground seems to indicate several large tanks below, so I think one is a gas station. Another feels like a store of some kind, based on its size and shape. There is a barn-like structure with several vehicles, though I would not expect them all to be operational. There are also telephone lines, so they have power and a phone. I see three septic tanks, one for the house, station, and store. The pet is awake, and I think it senses us."
He said, "Then let's stop here and wait for morning." I summoned a pair of stone lounge chairs, so we could relax comfortably. We talked softly while we waited out of sight. Every few minutes, I would see if they were up and about. When I told Jiao-long they were up, he said we should wait until someone left the house for the station or store. Finally, I sensed someone enter the store. What I didn't expect was sensing the sudden increase in electric usage. Guess I have another new sense to check out.
I got up and said, "Someone just turned the store lights on. Shall we go?"
"Yes, but aren't you forgetting something?"
"I don't think so."
"You're naked."
"... Oh yeah. I completely forgot. I don't think a belt will be sufficient." I thought for a bit, and decided a simple dress would do, but I chose to make it with alternating silver and gold diamond mesh made of small links of silver and gold. I removed the belt, and then summoned the dress. I then put the belt back on. As there were kids about, I made it mid-thigh rather than the barely-legal length, I usually wear. I also made glass sandals with silver mesh straps. I finished with a pair of gold earrings. The dress hid Inanna's talisman, and I changed the holster to a large silver mesh purse to hold An's talisman. "Better?"
"Much. Real silver and gold?"
"Yes. I thought about brass, but copper turns skin green, and I don't have anything between me and the metal, so I went with jewelry metals. Steel is okay, but not very pretty. Anyway, they will likely think it is only gold and silver-colored thread."
Jiao-long led the way, and we entered the store. "Head for the ready-made food area and pick up enough food to satisfy your hunger. I'll call for a ride, and then pick up something for myself."
"Sorry, but I didn't bring any cash, as I expected to head home via the express route. I am glad for the company I can talk to about what happened. There is a lot to process."
We headed for the checkout, where a man was waiting. Jiao-long paid, and we ate outside on a picnic table. An hour later, a van pulled up. It took us to a town called Darwin. We had missed the daily bus to the big city, so we checked into the local motel, where I took a long shower. Afterwards, Jiao-long and I talked about what happened, and he helped me to understand what I actually did.
"You said the storm was supernatural. How did you know?"
"For one thing, except near the center, the high winds remained above the mountains. Planes could still fly, but not high. Mountains usually limit such winds to one side or the other, but in this storm, the winds climbed higher than normal, and passed over the mountains. Also, for as powerful a storm as it was, there was very little damage at ground level outside of Death Valley itself. It may have changed after I arrived and camped, but I suspect not. Beneath the storm, there were strong winds, but not so strong as to prevent flight. Another aspect was the moisture brought in. With the winds over the ocean, it picked up a fair bit of moisture. Mexico got a lot, as did the Colorado River valley. Surprisingly, while there was some flooding, there wasn't much, and the damage was minimal."
"You're right. That is not normal. Somehow, I must have shaped the winds and moderated things to be on the beneficial side. I have no memory of doing that, but I do recall my intent to promote life, and that may have played a part."
"It likely did."
"You sure it was over a thousand miles across? Last time I tangled with one, I thought it was that big, but apparently I misheard the weatherman, or he misspoke. That hurricane was only four hundred miles across. But it did seem bigger, from what I felt."
"Most likely you felt a larger area of air moving, but the measuring process discounts the lesser winds far from the center, and generally goes by the cloud banks that are rotating with it. This storm picked up clouds over the ocean, and they spiraled into the center. Much of the moisture fell out when it came to the mountains, and the desert lapped it up."
We continued to talk about the storm and its effects. We even watched the weather channel and caught a summary from their point of view. Eventually, we headed out to get lunch. The local diner had good food, and Jiao-long said, "You seemed to be eating a rather large amount. Are you okay?"
"I am eating a lot, but I feel the need to restock my body's reserves after that ordeal. I think I'll need four or five more meals like this before I'm back to normal. However, there is another activity I think I can handle. We can push the beds together."
"That does sound nice, but what of tonight?"
"Don't worry. I can go for a very long time. But we should break for dinner."
"You're incorrigible."
"I suppose we could watch a movie, or I could tell you how I got into this mess."
"A good tale sounds like a great idea."
After lunch, I told him of my quest to spiritually cleanse myself, and how I found two sites of power, and met the guardian. I told him of learning about mages, and my encounter while filming. Searching the mage's lair and defanging it took a while to tell. But he got a lot more interested when I told him of the magic books, and the talismans.
"The most curious thing I noted was the attitude. It was that of someone who controls everything, rather than someone who partners with others."
"It comes from how they learn. For centuries, knowledge has been the lure and the reward for apprentices, and the masters used their apprentices as free labor, free sex and as a source of power, as they tapped into their life force to extend their own. Others, like you and I, are not motivated by power. We don't abuse others with our power. We teach others we find worthiness. Mages use people and things. They care little for others who are weaker, including apprentices."
"Since you are here, I would like to know a little bit more about the tattoo you gave me. You said it would warn me of enemies, yet I did not understand what the mage was about when he came. Inanna thinks my feeling of unease might have been the warning, but we don't know. And most who desire ill for me, desire bad press, mistakes made while filming and the like. The usual infighting any successful actress can expect in the industry. I consider such as the competition, and people to outperform and outsmart, not as enemies to eliminate."
"You are right. That unease was the alert. You need to listen to it to see what it is showing. Given your affinity with magic, it should be fairly easy for you."
"Speaking of affinity, dealing with the mage's talismans, I had to learn how they were made. While three is far too small a sample to know for sure, the books I have seem to be... inefficient, no... imperfect, maybe... I know, overcomplicated in their instructions about talismans. In doing this, they also limit the power of the talismans somewhat. In fact, the recommended method of control is to add a layer of control on top of the existing controls. This causes a loss of power because it distorts the energy flows, and also limits the energy. When I removed over a dozen such layers from the oldest talisman, it more than doubled in power."
"Double?"
"Yes. An saw the talisman before and after I dealt with it. It now has no constraints on it. He said it had more than doubled."
"That can be dangerous."
"Yes, but because I reached out in friendship, it has responded in kind. I have used them to do what they want to do, and so they have given me excellent work. I also try to assist them in what they desire. Perhaps the most striking form of this is what I did out there."
"I felt the strength of the site. I think it is a small site now, but in a few centuries it may encompass the whole valley. And you are the one who changed it from a tiny power to what it is now. Something not even the strongest mages could do. And that storm! Powerful mages have called up tornadoes before, but your storm had so much power in it, you could swallow up twenty of them and not even notice. Those who have skill in magic will also realize this storm was not natural. They will do what they can to hunt you down to gain your power."
"I have contact information on three mages. Do you think I should do anything about them?"
"I don't know. But I think I should train you in battle magic, the real stuff, not what you see in the movies you make."
I had to smile at that last bit, as I have played spell casters a number of times. "In that case, I should show you the collection of books I took from the mage. It was through their use I was able to achieve the site's freedom."
"I would be surprised if they have all that much info, yet they had what you needed. Beware, they often have wrong information, and some are deliberate fakes."
"I know, but Inanna watched, as I searched his lair. She had me leave the fake books, and she has also guided me as I studied them."
"She guides you?"
"Slowly. She wants me to make the magic a part of me rather than a tool I used. I think it is best, as I can see how dangerous it can be. And since the storm, I can feel how powerful it can get, deep in my bones."
"After you departed, I looked into your Sumerian goddess. She has quite a history, and is not always nice. Did you know she destroyed a mountain?"
"Yes. We have even spoken about it. She says she has learned better, and no longer harbors the need she had then. If the human idea of growing up applies to the gods, I think she has grown up. She may still be young in attitude, but she understands the consequences of her actions. She acts more like a grown up than a kid. I don't think she is evil, although she may not respect our laws all that much. I do know she cares for me."
"That change is not in the tales."
"Nor have there been tales for several thousand years. It was her bringing me back in time that started this. She sought me to defeat an enemy, and afterwards, to revitalize her power through me, but she learned time itself would not allow that, so she returned me to my own time. What I soon learned, is that she saved enough power to survive, and when I returned, she used me to gain a little power. She aids me in what I want, and what I do aids her. She has since gained several other priestesses, and though still limited, she is growing in power. I suspect An is gaining power through my actions also. He has less interest in human affairs, but has shown interest in me."
Dryly, he said, "I noticed."
"While it is true he likes the service I provide as a priestess of Inanna, he also is interested in me as a possible king or kingmaker. He definitely wants me to be a woman of influence. He does regret that the times no longer have kings as such, but there are other leaders, so he looks to them."
"So, why aren't you a queen?"
"Simple. I don't desire rule. What rule I do have, I do more as a way to serve others with my better ability, and I try to do what is best for all, not just for me. I think I have been successful in these endeavors, because while people complain from time to time, they respect and honor my decisions. They do as I say because they want to, even if they disagree."
"Such a simple woman at heart, yet great power has been given to you. And you rise to the occasion and use it wisely. You are indeed rare. We need more like you."
"Well... I have raised eight children, and I think they have learned that lesson from me."
Jiao-long gave a belly laugh at that. "Woman, you are too much." Just then, my stomach growled. He looked at the time, and said, "Something knows it is dinner time. Let's go eat."
We left for the diner, and ate. He had a light meal, I had far more. After spending two hours there enjoying our food, we returned to the motel. Jiao-long sent me out to get several cans of soda from the machine, and a bucket of ice. He handed me cash to get it. I was curious about this, but went out anyway. I found out why when I came back. He had rearranged the room, so the beds were adjacent. He sat in a chair, wearing only a towel. I don't know how he managed a shower in the short time I was out, but he clearly did. So I did the only sensible thing - put the bucket of ice with the sodas on the table, and took off my dress.
I walked over to him seductively, and took his hand. I then guided him to standing and saw he wasn't holding his towel, as it dropped right off, revealing he was quite eager. I then led us to the bed, where we communicated without words.
In the morning, after a bit of sex, I decided I wanted to change my dress. I dismissed the one I wore yesterday, and made a new one today. Like the previous one, it was a chain mesh; however, the links were half an inch in diameter. My nipples easily slid right through. Additionally, it barely covered my vagina. When I sat, I would be exposed. I put the belt back on, and carried my purse also.
We got breakfast at the diner, and I saw the cook frequently checking me out. When he took a break, I got up and met him by the bathroom, and said, "As I am the cause of your need, let me take care of it also."
He quickly looked about and went into the men's room, but he held the door for me, so I followed. I hopped on the counter next to the sink and opened my legs, while playing with my nipples. He didn't say a thing, but unzipped his pants and pulled out his erection. I grabbed it and pulled it into me. Soon he was pounding me, and I quietly moaned, groaned, and otherwise let him know I was enjoying it. When he pulled out and leaned on the wall, I got up and licked him off before putting his dick away. Then I walked out.
Jiao-long noticed my nipples were still at full mast. Smiling, he asked, "Enjoy yourself?"
"Yes. The cook has delicious creamy food."
"Aren't you concerned people will see you?"
"No. I have learned that Inanna's gift causes official displeasure to overlook me, especially if there is a way for it to be an accident. One time, I was in a small town washing clothes. I decided what I wore also needed washing, so I tossed it in the machine, as well. While I waited in the nude, for the clothes to be washed, I had three guys, and I also ate out one gal. The third guy was an off-duty cop, so I don't think anyone ever said a thing."
"Wow, that's blatant."
"Yeah. I seem to have a gang bang every month or so, at some bar or club. I've always been welcomed back. When I get home, I bet it will be only a day or two before I have another."
"This doesn't hurt your reputation?"
"Actually, it is part of it. The fact that I can last hours, and satisfy everyone, has made me a bit of a legend. When it comes to sex, people know I can handle whatever comes at me. They also know I have frequent sex, so no one bats an eye anymore. As to today's outfit, I figure I'll do a few on the bus trip. You don't mind, do you?"
"No, but don't expect me to be one of them."
"I know you like privacy. Don't worry. I'll sit in the back, and you can sit elsewhere. They'll come to me."
"This I gotta see."
I smiled and said, "Then sit close." After breakfast, we got our tickets and waited at the bus stop. When the bus pulled up, I yawned and stretched at the same time as I exhaled. The result was that my dress came up two inches as I exhaled. This caused two inches of my vagina to be on display, while the dress settled a little over the belt. I went in first, and the driver got an eyeful. I showed him my ticket, and he said, "Welcome aboard." When Jiao-long presented his ticket, he had to get the driver's attention off of my ass. As I walked down the aisle, I did my best to do so seductively. Everyone noticed my display. I sat on the back bench in the middle with my legs a little apart and closed my eyes. I could feel everyone's attention on me. Jiao-long sat two rows up.
Hitting the highway, the driver announced the next stop would be in an hour and a half. At that point, I opened my legs wide, and allowed my desire to spread to the passengers. Five minutes later, a guy was pounding into me as I lay on the bench seat. We made sufficient noise, so that everyone knew what we were doing. When he left, I resumed sitting in the center with my legs wide. Five minutes later, another guy was doing me. My third encounter was a woman who ate me out before letting me eat her out. The trip was over twelve hours, and I must have openly done as many people. Filipe picked us up and drove us home.
"I see you had a little fun on the trip."
I smiled at Filipe, and said, "You bet. I fear Jiao-long here, didn't have as much fun."
"Your loss, sir. Still, nice to meet you. My wife has told me all about you, and your home in the country by the lake. While our home is not as lavish, I think you will enjoy it. You are welcome to stay as long as you wish."
We kept to small talk, and when we got home, I gave hugs all around, including Angel and Jewel. I then led Jiao-long to a spare room, and said the three of us would talk in the morning. I then went to my room and took a bath. I spent a fair amount of time almost submerged, so my body could pull any needed water from the bath. After two hours, I contacted Inanna.
"Queen Inanna. I have a tale to tell, and I seek your thoughts on it."
"Do tell. Is it one of sex or violence?"
"There is a little incidental sex at the end, but no, it is not one of those tales."
"Too bad. Still, I am sure it will be interesting if you want me to know of it."
"I have transplanted the talisman. I think I also attracted a bit of attention. I went to Death Valley to see if it was a suitable place to transplant the talisman, and it was. I did my research, and performed the ritual. Things got out of control, or rather, I got out of control. The ritual required I merge temporarily with the spirit to perform it. It knew I planned to provide the needed power, but in its innocence, it took far more than I had planned. I had thought to bind it to an entire dune's worth of sand over the underground stream. I figured this would need a storm for a week or so, and that while unusual, it was not unheard of for thunderstorms over the valley.
"Not knowing this, it kept drawing more power, and the storm became far more. The storm built into a hurricane, and I became a circular area of lightning in the center. The storm lasted nearly a month before I got it under control, almost. My awareness failed as I neared completion, and it took over. When I woke, I was not breathing, nor needing it, beneath the sand as it sustained me. I rose, and when I surfaced, my breath resumed. It was there that Jiao-long found me. I learned the hurricane was over a thousand miles across, and the lightning over six hundred miles. The binding was successful, and it is now bound to many dunes worth of sand rather than one.
"I am happy with the result, and Jiao-long tells me the site is living and will grow in time. What concerns me is becoming part of the storm, and what the attention will bring. I have dealt with one mage; I don't want to have to defend this place from all the mages who would steal it. I am unsure what I need to do, or should do. This responsibility that comes with creating life, even such life as this, is great. Please tell me your thoughts, be they opinions, council, orders, or something else. You have a perspective I don't, and I think I need to see it as you do."
"Lord An came to me as you performed your ritual. He saw your desire, and your need. He asked me to help keep you stable, even as he kept your power stable. We did not supply any power, so the storm was all you, but such levels of power could tear you apart in an instant if you were not careful. We helped you keep your balance. You are right to worry about mages. We have felt their divinations, and know they will come. Ask Jiao-long to teach you battle magic, for you will need it, I suspect.
"As to what you achieved, it was a miracle, such that even the priestesses of old would think miraculous. However, you are not its guardian. You are too close to it, and the guardian must be strong when the guarded is weak. You are now linked to it in a subtle way. If it gets hurt, you will be hurt. But it will also support you. An is already seeking a guardian, and when one is found, he will let you know."
"I am glad you know of these things. But it seems I need to prepare for battle."
"Yes, but the preparations are more in your head, not your body. I sense changes that have made you more powerful, and your aura is stronger."
We spoke a bit more on the future plans I needed to make, and then I exited the tub and dried off. When I headed to bed, I was surprised. Angel and Jewel were on either side of Filipe. So I just carefully climbed in, so I wouldn't wake anyone, and moved close, so we touched.
In the morning, I woke with the sun, and seeing the ladies still sleeping, but Filipe with morning wood, I carefully maneuvered, so I could wake him with sex. The ladies woke, and sleepily started to play with my breasts, so I returned the favor. Soon, Filipe woke, and decided to join in. After Filipe and I came, I let one of the ladies take my place, and we continued. Curiously, I seemed to sense others in our home, Tammy and Cindy were both here and preparing breakfast. When I sensed they were ready for us, I told folks it was time for breakfast. Filipe grabbed a robe, but no one else did. I knocked on Jiao-long's door to let him know, and he said he would be down in a moment.
Somehow they knew Jiao-long was also here, as there were places set for everyone. Tammy and Cindy both gave me hugs, and welcomed me home. While Tammy was in her cook's outfit, Cindy was nude. We were seated, and Cindy was handing out food when Jiao-long walked in. He saw everything and stopped.
"Come on, Jiao-long, we set a place for you."
"Yes. I see. That's not all I see."
"Oh, that. We're not too formal around here. Let me introduce you to the others. This here is Tammy, our cook, and this is Cindy, our maid. We also have a butler, but only when we are officially entertaining, rather than just family and friends, like today."
"Pleased to meet you, ladies." He then looked at the others, and said, "I thought only you had extras."
"Oh no. Three of my four daughters have two pairs, as do several grandchildren. As to these two ladies, well, remember me indicating I donated my ovaries? Well, these two are from them, and so are my daughters. Given how many other children I have from those donated ovaries, I suspect I have many more daughters with two pairs. Guess what. They also really like sex, and have chosen to be priestesses of Inanna." At that, both nodded.
"You, woman, are making changes in this world."
"Yeah. I didn't expect to pass on my four-breasted nature, but apparently, I have."
Angel said, "We are also taller than average, and our tongues, while not as long as hers, are longer than average. See?" Both of them stuck out their tongues for a bit.
"You do indeed have long tongues. What brought you here?"
"Filipe was worried about his wife. Since we are also priestesses of Inanna, he asked if we could ask after her. Inanna said Becky Sue was very busy in a powerful ritual, but doing okay. A few days later, Filipe asked again. We realized he was worried, so we decided to stay here until she came back."
"I am glad you eased his worry."
I said, "That's not all they eased. They've been staying in our bed, keeping Filipe company. I'm looking forward to hearing his tales about them. Oh, ladies, thank you."
Jewel said, "Our pleasures."
Angel replied, "In more ways than one."
Both laughed, and I joined in.
Not long after breakfast, the ladies departed. Jiao-long and I gave a brief summary of my adventure in the desert. Filipe left to audition for a part, and I got dressed. So I took Jiao-long to my secret room with the library.
"I apologize for the clumsiness of access, but this is my first secret lair."
"Don't worry. I haven't had much experience with them."
After the lights came on, I said, "Hello, Alec. Please meet my friend, Jiao-long."
Jiao-long looked around a bit, and then realized a bone rose from its low shelf and came over to us.
Before he could say anything, we both felt Alec's thoughts, "Hello, I am Alec Samson. Expert and servant to Becky Sue. Pleased to meet you."
"I am pleased to meet you as well. Expert at what?"
"Locks, security, infiltration, and more. I designed this place."
"That seems to be a lot for one such as you to claim."
I spoke up, and said, "I asked him to design an underground storage area. He changed my ideas into solid plans, and I executed them. You won't easily find it by looking for metal, power, or ventilation. I store the library over there."
I unlocked the outer enclosure. Inside was a table and chair on an area rug. Beyond that was an airlock to keep the bookshelves in constant climate control.
"Please fetch a book, and bring it out here to examine."
Jiao-long went and fetched a book. While he did, I summoned a simple stone chair for me. He came back with one of the advanced books, and I motioned him to sit and read. I sat next to him and opened my mind to listen to his thoughts, should any leak my way. He sat there and turned the pages fairly quickly, and when he had gone through the book, he sat back and thought a bit.
"I am surprised at how good this book was. Have you studied this book?"
"Only the parts I needed. I studied the rituals for talismans, and for a sleep enchantment, and a magic circle to strengthen that enchantment. Let me get you my own notebook." I got up and went in, then fetched my own notebook from the top shelf.
"Here. I keep it up there, unseen, as I don't expect anyone to look there."
"What made you decide to write this?"
"Inanna said I should write it with my understanding, and my explanations. Don't worry about my feelings. I know that I know little."
Jiao-long smiled, then opened the book and read. The pages turned slower, and I gained a feeling from him of surprise. When he finished, he said, "You have a rather clear understanding of these things. You got that from these books?"
"These, another book I worked on and kept an electronic copy, and my own meditation guided in part by Inanna."
"If all these books are true books on magic, you have a rather large collection."
"Inanna told me which books to take and which to ignore. I assume she only had me take true books. I think the mage I defeated may have been a more powerful one, as he had two talismans bound to him, one just created, and he had acquired another talisman thinking to tame it."
"Indeed, that would make him rather potent."
"He also has contact info on some other mages, and detailed where he got most of these books. I also have three other unpublished books, but I don't know their significance yet."
"Could I see one?"
I went and fetched one. After reading a few pages, he exclaimed, "This is a journal of a mage apprentice. It details a number of magic rituals, without mentioning magic. It has a lot of the small details of rituals scattered throughout. Determining which parts belong to the same ritual will be quite hard, but I think you could learn a lot of techniques from these."
"I have no objection to you reading these books elsewhere. I have them here for the climate control. I can make a copy of the book I translated that was from a Sumerian era mage. I also want to take you up on learning battle magic."
"Given your notes, I think you already have a grasp of the basics, but lack details."
"I am yours as long as needed. I do not want to fight, but if I must, I want to win. Given what you said about others soon seeking me out, I think we should start soon. What do we need, so I can learn without being disturbed?"
"Initially, your backyard would work. But later, we need a place more remote."
"I will look into that. When would you like to start?"
"How about after lunch?"
"Okay. Let's put these books away for now, and after the lessons, you can read whatever you like from here. I will tell you what I think I have."
"Sounds good." So I put the books away, and we left. I showed Jiao-long the gym, and he was impressed at how extensive it was.
After lunch, we took a walk a ways away, and he told me he would prepare a glamour to hide us from the others. He suggested I make a pair of stone benches that I could home in on, and he would center the glamour there.
"There, that should do for a few weeks. It is faint enough to be hard to detect, yet it will hide us from view. Come sit, and I will begin."
And so my lessons began. Jiao-long first taught me how to actively use the dragon tattoo. I learned that it had warned me, but my own lack of effort caused my failure to heed its warning. I soon learned how to tap into it, and I discovered by accident I could cause the tattoo to fade out of sight when I wanted. I could also share its senses.
"What do you mean you can see through its eyes?"
"Not exactly its eyes, but its senses. Just as I learned to see with my other senses, I am learning to see with the tattoo."
"That's not possible. It takes a lot more effort than I put in to achieve that."
"Inanna told me the tattoo was unusually strong because its execution was nearly flawless, and that meant less effort is needed for anything it is capable of. She also said it is tied to your chi and mine. This makes it a part of me, and so I can access it as I do my other senses that are part of me from other sources."
"May I do some divinations on it? I find that difficult to accept."
I put my leg forward, and said, "Please."
Ten minutes later, he sat back. "She was right. This is not possible, yet it is. I also found there are changes from when it was placed there. Its energies are calmer, flow freely, and even have some patterns that complete partial ones I had left incomplete. How can this be?"
"I think it happened late in the ritual. I was out of it, but the spirit told me to harmonize the energy flows in my body. That is something I would never do without serious backup, due to the high risk of a mistake killing me. But it did not know that, nor that my body and awareness were the same life. It pushed me to harmonize my flows, and the tattoo is a part of me, not just as ink on skin, but also as part of my chi. I can only assume I somehow saw the new patterns as being healthier for me. It is Inanna's healing ability that I rely on to visualize the way things should be. Perhaps her knowledge of magic gave me the patterns to use. I cannot say, for I was not fully aware at the time it happened."
"That's as good an explanation as any. And magic on living things tends to change over time as the life it is on changes. I wonder what other effects that harmonizing had, like on you."
"Now that you mention it, I am curious also. Perhaps we will find out." We spent the rest of the afternoon practicing recognition of magic. While I used the tattoo, I also used my other senses, and would learn to look with all of my senses at once within a few days.
The next day, I began with my dawn swim, breakfast, getting dressed, and then lessons until lunch. In the afternoons, we sparred, but he began using various magical attacks on me. I had to learn to recognize them instantly and to call up what defenses I knew, or find a way to be elsewhere when the attack went off. Sometimes, I could do neither, so he had me summon sacrificial objects, so the magic went to them rather than me. Often I used a bit of stone, but other times a bit of metal. I also learned to carry wooden rods, as they were sometimes better than stone or metal for defeating magical attacks. In the evenings, Jiao-long read through my library, and I added to my notebook under his critical eye. I soon cut my swimming short, so I could summon Aja's talisman and speak with her about the forest until breakfast.
It was three weeks later, that I felt something odd. Jiao-long did a quick divination, and said, "A mage is doing something in Death Valley."
"I can teleport there in an instant."
"Don't go in blindly. You should scout out the mage before confronting him."
"How fast can you get there?"
"Without a portal, I am dependent on local transportation for that kind of distance."
"Do you mind flying?"
"What do you have in mind?"
"I have a hang glider that holds two. We can be there in less than ninety minutes. Best part, it is silent, and we can scope the situation out from on high. Who looks up?"
"You'd be surprised. I've seen hang gliders, but never been in one."
"I've mastered them, so come on."
"Okay." We went and got it out and assembled it.
I hooked him in, and told him to be relatively still. "Ready?" he nodded. "Run forward." As we did, I caused the wind to catch us, and send us into the sky. Soon, I turned to Death Valley, and caused the wind to blow us quickly up and over the mountains. I also extended the envelope of comfortable air to him, so he would not have any problems on the way.
Once we were in sight of the valley, I started looking for magical auras. There was the large area of the site, and even though I could not see it, I knew there was a small, powerful one along the road to the southeast. I engaged the glider's display and centered it on the area I had discovered, and soon we saw a car parked on the side of the road.
"Look, over there, at the car on the side of the road. There's a mage near it. We are high enough, I can get there without power. Or I can use some power to swoop in. How should we play this?"
"What do you sense?"
"At this point, he is too far away. I do not know if he has seen us yet, nor can I see him directly."
"How do you know he is there?"
"The sand tells me. Oh! I could cause a little dust storm to hide from him."
"Best to hold that in reserve. The less he knows of you, the better. Can you land about five hundred feet away? That should give us time to unhook and meet him on the way."
"I can." I chose to land between him and the dunes, and as soon as we stopped, I unhooked us both with pinpoint air bursts. Three seconds later we were both free. I then collapsed the frame, so the wind wouldn't blow it somewhere.
"Are you ready?"
"Yes."
"Go, I will follow, and hopefully he will not see me. Learn if he is a friend or foe, and what he is doing."
So I went forward. When I sensed he started following me, I looked back quickly, and did not see him. Realizing what he meant earlier, I decided to act as if alone.
When the mage was close enough to talk to, I called out, "Hello, mage, are you friend or foe?"
"None of your business."
"Oh, but it is. I live close by, and I have watched this place from the beginning."
"Go away."
As he was being unfriendly, I chose to open my mind to leaking thoughts, but otherwise guarded. "Tell me your name, at least."
"Go away, or I will call the police."
As I had hoped, asking for his name brought it into his thoughts. "Drake, is it? You will not call them, as you don't want the attention. What are your intentions here?"
"How dare you try to read my mind!" Suddenly, he attacked with a bolt of fire. I sensed his intent before the spell was half spoken, and I moved to the side quickly. His fire missed.
"I have not read your mind, but rather your mind shouted your name."
"You can't move fast enough for this attack!" he said another, and I sensed it was electric based. I just willed it into my offhand, and then discharged it into the air.
"Impossible."
"Keep attacking, and I will get annoyed."
He started to say another spell, but seeing my confidence, decided not to attack. "What manner of mage are you?"
"I am a powerful one."
"What is your interest?"
"I would see this place become great, and a benefit to all. What of you? Why are you here?"
"I am here to study it."
Somehow, I knew that was a lie. "Please don't lie to me. Why are you here?"
"I told you, I am here to study it."
This time, the lie was even more obvious. So I whammied him. "Why are you here?" I saw him shaking off my whammie, so I hit him again, harder. This time, he could not shake it off.
"I want the power of that storm."
"Why do you want it?"
"So I can defeat my enemies."
"That shall not be." I then whammied him again, strongly, and put him to sleep.
I looked about for Jiao-long, and sensed him to my left. Looking directly at him, I said, "I have no true desire to harm him, even though he attacked me without provocation. What do you suggest?"
"I had not realized you had such strong mental attacks. I'll have to add training for that also. As for him, let's see who he is."
"Shall I read his mind to get that?"
"You can do that?"
"Yes. Listening to the surface got me a name. I can go deeper if need be, but it feels dirty, both ethically, and also diving into bad minds seems like it might taint me. Yet, how else to question him? He will lie."
"He may try, but I can place compulsions on him to speak the truth, and fully answer our questions."
"Will you take the lead?"
"Yes. You have little experience, and I suspect even less desire. But watch and learn, because you may need to do this in the future."
"I stand and watch."
With that, Jiao-long began his enchantments, and when he was ready, he coached me into speaking his questions. I encased Drake's feet in stone and sat him on a sandstone bench before Jiao-long woke the mage up. We conducted a long session of questioning, with me speaking Jiao-long's words. I also whammied him to focus on my eyes, but to also think they had red cat-eye irises. Jiao-long also took notes for later. I heard myself say 'time to sleep', so I knew Jiao-long wanted me to whammie him again, so I did.
Once he was sleeping, we spoke. "Derek only has one talisman, and a small library. But his aims are big. He is evil, yet has not done enough for a capital offense. A lesson is in order."
I asked, "What would you suggest?"
"He came to get power, so he shall lose it."
"How so?"
"We take his talisman and library. In their place, we leave a warning."
"I know just the warning to leave. What do we do with him in the meantime?"
"We'll take him to his lair in his own car."
"Do you know how to drive here in the States?"
"I can manage, I think."
"Then let me drive. You can watch him, and I can keep the cops out of our hair."
"Very well."
"Okay, put him in the car, and I'll get the glider." I had to summon a roof rack to hold it, and then got in and started the car. Jiao-long collected his stuff, and they got in. He did another ritual to make Derrick tell me how to get to his lair.
Derrick entered 'Dream Home' to his phone's GPS, and said to follow it. I shrugged, and we went on our way. Three hours, and two stops later, we arrived. Jiao-long took control and had him lead us to his library. There were only ten books, so I put them into a metal mesh backpack I made. He gave us his talisman, and told us a little about it. Jiao-long signaled me, so I whammied him, and placed him in a chair facing the open space before his empty library. I then summoned various colored sand and made an image of a pair of eyes with red cat-eye irises above the words, 'Stay away from the storm.'
Jiao-long raised his eyes at the image, but nodded at the message. Outside, I asked, "Can you hide us for five minutes? I would like to add to the message."
"Oh? Okay." He did a quick ritual, and then nodded. I summoned some sand, and then caused the wind to make it into a miniature sandstorm only a foot and a half tall. I then ran it against and around his car, to sandblast off the paint up to that point. When I finished, I dismissed most of the sand. Then I undid my glider, and dismissed the metal rack I summoned.
"Let's walk somewhere we can get a run, and we can fly home. Although, in this suburb, it might be better if you can make us unnoticed for a few minutes while I get us high in the air."
"I have no idea if there is any open area about."
"Let me check... I see one that way about two dozen blocks away. It must be some kind of park, but it is on the small side."
"Lead on. I can carry the glider since you have a backpack."
I handed it to him, and began jogging. A few minutes later, it turned out to be a dog park. "There doesn't seem to be many people about. Give me the glider, and I'll set it up."
"Wait a bit, and I'll hide us." So I did. When he nodded, I assembled it, and we hooked in.
"Ready. Just give the word."
He said a quick spell, then said, "Go." We ran, and moments later we were in the air. We got back to my place about three hours later.
A week later, we moved our practice to the Farallon Islands. Only one had any people, and we got them to ignore us. This also meant that we could be freer to use magic, as the nearest unknown people would be twenty miles away, or in a boat. Since the islands are a navigation hazard, boats stay away. We would stay three days midweek, with lectures interspersed with practice. Each week, the boat that brought us, also had a few nice food items for the locals, so they wouldn't mind our presence. Back at my place, I studied all the books I had, to learn everything I could. I continued my lessons with Aja.
Adding to the confusion, were the three unpublished books. All were student journals, with varying levels of details and explanations. Trying to determine the ritual from the actions was not easy, as I was still learning many rituals, and the descriptions were so broken up. I didn't know why yet, but my mind seemed to be faster than before, same as my reactions and movements were faster. Jiao-long even commented about how fast I comprehended things, not just my memory skills that I use as an actress.
Jiao-long and I were in the middle of a sparring session when I felt a disturbance from Death Valley. It had been several months, and was now the hottest part of the summer.
"Hold on. Something is happening in Death Valley. You want to join me?"
"No. You know enough now to handle the situation. I will, however, monitor."
"In that case, I'll teleport in."
"He may sense it."
"Maybe. I have some ideas about that. I need to prepare."
I went into my underground library, and changed my outfit. I was now armored in a sand-colored suit. It was less for protection, and more for disguise. Next, I put in the contact lenses with the red cat eye I had bought. Lastly, I equipped myself with the predator talisman. I first teleported to the island we practiced on, where I caused the air to lift me, and I summoned my battle augmentations. Focusing on the talisman, I told it I was confronting another predator, and I wanted its skills added to my own, in case I had to fight. Finally, I teleported to Death Valley, four miles up. Scanning below me, I located the mage. Alerting the talisman, it gave me the raptor's eyes, revealing it was a woman with an odd-looking hand who was in the middle of some sort of ritual. Not far away, was a limo, with someone inside. I sensed no magic in the limo.
Teleporting just outside her ritual, I said, "Hello, mage, are you friend or foe?"
She stood when I arrived, and directly attacked. My speed allowed me to dodge the black bolt, but she quickly followed up with another attack from the strange hand. I countered with a summoned shield, and the green goo was apparently some form of acid. I dropped the shield, readying for another attack. "Stop, or I shall hurt you."
"Die. I will not share this power." This time, another gob of green goo was sent at me, so I summoned a glass shield. The goo slid off.
"I said stop." I then whammied her, and it seemed to bounce.
"Ha! You can't control my mind. Take this bitch." This time, the area got freezing cold, so I countered by raising the heat with the power of Death Valley. I didn't stop when it got hot, but I went even farther. Later I learned it was hot enough to boil water, as her bottled water in the cooler she brought boiled and exploded. Yet, it didn't slow her down.
She cast yet another spell, and I recognized it as a spell to keep me from teleporting. The heat didn't seem to bother her, so I let it go. I let loose a lightning bolt, and it bounced off her.
"Your spells cannot touch me. You can't win." I had to dodge again.
Since my own magic was having a hard time affecting her, I decided to go the physical route. I summoned the sand and wind to cloak us in thick clouds to keep her from seeing. I then summoned a heavy staff, and circled behind her and swung. She evaded the first blow, and blocked the next two blows, but I was swinging too quickly from too many locations, that I was beating her down. When I saw an opportunity, I redirected a body shot up and made contact with her head. It disoriented her long enough for me to get another clear shot at her head, and I knocked her out.
When she went down, I waited a bit to be sure she stayed down. I went and whammied her hard to sleep, but it didn't seem to affect her. So I opened up my senses to see if she had any magic on her. She had four talismans! I took them off her, and enclosed them in stone then metal before I continued my search. That's when I noticed her left hand. It was not human, nor any creature of this world, that I had even heard of. Looking closer with my other senses, I suddenly realized this was from some form of evil creature. I tried another whammie, but her mental shield was still up. I carried her further away, still in the sand cloud, and began a ritual designed to dismiss evil spirits.
When I finished it, the hand was still there, but I sensed its power was diminished. I tried another whammie, and this time it got through. Interrogating her was difficult, because her will was nearly as strong as mine, at least when the interference was there. That is how I learned the hand was from some demon she had summoned for power. It also gave her a strong protection from magic, at least anything I could deliver. I learned a lot about her, and her lairs. She had three. I wanted to de-power her as I had the others, but that meant I had to get rid of the hand somehow.
My best guess was that since the dismissal ritual did not make it go away, it wouldn't work if I tried again. So I thought of another way to get rid of it. I could just chop it off, but that would be a lot of trauma for the body. So instead, I would try to get the body to shed it. I gave her another whammie to ensure she slept. Then I brought up my healing ability. I examined the body to see if it held any other secrets. I was surprised to see demon blood. So I imagined the arm as ending without the hand. I imagined it healthy, but amputated. I also imagined all the demon blood pushed out the arm away from the body. When I was satisfied, I pushed my healing. Within a minute, the hand dropped off, and some blood continued to exit. It was heavily laden with demon blood, so I allowed it to continue. When no more demon blood came out, the blood slowed, and the wound sealed up with a thin cover of fresh skin over it.
I dragged her again, further away, before summoning lava beneath the demon flesh. While it was protected from magic, it was not protected from the earth's heat. It finally caught fire and burned up within a few minutes. I then did another dismissal against evil spirits, and then looked. There was no lingering evil anymore. I dismissed the lava, and covered it with sand. I then picked her up and dismissed the sandstorm. Heading towards the limo, I called for the driver to open the door. He was fearful, so I whammied him. We loaded her in, and I got in after and told him to head for the first lair.
I emptied the lairs of her special books, and yet another talisman. Then I ordered the limo to take her home. I left behind a sand painting, as I had before in each of her lairs. As we drove, I plumbed her mind for other secrets, especially books, which is why I took some books that were not magic from her. I knew she had nothing at home. When we arrived, I sent the driver to take her in. When they went in, I summoned a small sandstorm and sent it around the car, leaving bare metal on the lower half. Then I dismissed the storm, and teleported back to Death Valley to clean up the site. Finally, I ported again, to the island, before teleporting home.
I called for Jiao-long, only to find he was already coming out to meet me on the back lawn. "She was a tough nut to crack. She was also loaded with magic. Come down with me and see what she had." He followed me down to the underground storage area. I placed my duffle bag full of books on the table, and then I pulled out all five talismans. Jiao-long's eyes got larger and larger the more I brought things out.
"Please, pull the books out of the bag, while I change." I proceeded to remove my armor, contact lenses, and I released my augmentations. After putting away my stuff, I went over to the table to look at everything. When Jiao-long emptied the bag, I took it aside and dismissed it.
"Did you learn who this mage was?"
"She seemed to think of herself as Kate, no other name."
"Odd. What did you learn about her?"
"She had three lairs, and all these things. She seemed very old, yet her body was only middle-aged. Oh, she had made some sort of deal with a demon to replace her left hand."
"What! You fought Kate Demon Hand?"
"I suppose you could call her that."
"You don't remember reading about her in the journals?"
I thought a bit, and said, "No one by that name was mentioned in anything I have read."
"Are you sure? Wasn't there a warning about going against a powerful mage?"
I thought about it some more. "I recall reading some things that could be describing her, especially her apparent immunity to magic and combat power."
"Speaking of that, how did you kill her?"
"I did not kill her."
"What! She is still alive? You better be worried. She'll track you down. The Demon Hand will kill you if she can."
"Perhaps, but after I knocked her out, I removed the demon hand, and burnt it."
"You cut it off? I know your blades are sharp, but I would have thought the demon's power would have made it even more difficult than my scales. Even so, it will regrow, from the demon blood in her system."
"I didn't cut it off. I felt that would be too traumatic, so I used Inanna's healing to have the body shed the hand and seal off the stump. Before I did that, I used it to scan for other non-human stuff and found the blood. I also used its power to push out the demon blood. When I left her, there was only human flesh. When I did an evil spirit dismissal, her mental defenses lowered enough that I could affect her. After burning that hand, I did another. I detected no sign of evil after that."
Jiao-long's eyes got big. "You ended the demon contract. She doesn't have much time before the demon comes for her soul. I don't think she is long for this world, so you may not have to worry for long. I'll also send out the word. Many will appreciate the news."
We spent several hours examining my haul, learning the traps and either removing or bypassing them. Over the next week, Jiao-long looked over the books and added them to my homework. The day after that, I got a call from my agent, and they wanted me for another sequel to my elf character. This time, we would be filming in the Amazon. I accepted, and Jiao-long said he would take a break to spread the word, and learn about what she had been doing. We agreed to meet here once shooting was over.
I decided to take Aja with me, so she could tell me all about the Amazon while I was there. I also took the predator, in case I was attacked. I made sure to let the predator know that I did not expect to be attacked, but I would appreciate its watching over me.
The role called for me to be sent to a jungle to prepare for a mating ritual. The director wanted me to be wearing a very revealing outfit made from the forest. After two days without any success from the costumers, I asked Aja for assistance. Using an image I saw in the director's head, I scouted the forest for materials, and processed it by Aja's instructions into material suitable for an outfit. I did my best to not make any cuts, and to use natural methods to glue the parts together into a loincloth that was very colorful. It even had an authentic snakeskin belt, from a snake that was killed by one of the crew when he encountered it. I used some of Inanna's healing power to make the skin thicker and stronger. As it was relatively simple to make, it was ready the next morning.
The director loved it, and wanted other elves to wear similar outfits. I fessed up, and was sent out to gather more materials. Two hours later, I was showing the costumers how to prepare the material. I did, however, use tree bark for the other belts, as we didn't have any more snakes. The local ecological advisor nixed any hunting, even if we ate the snake meat. Once I showed the costumers how to make the outfit, I left them to it. I stayed in the nature outfit, as it was actually rather comfortable. I did use some augmentation to harden my skin, so I could walk barefoot, and didn't have to worry about scratches. Since the loincloth was only six inches across at the front, anyone to the side could see my vagina. It did go down nearly three feet, front and back, and I wore it low on my hips. I took a break in the afternoon to enchant it with a preservation spell while no one was looking.
Due to the rigors of filming in the jungle, it took a long time. Since I wore the native outfit all the time, I got more offers than usual. I usually had a quickie at lunch and a more extended romp after dinner. Most nights, I invited someone to sleep with me. My morning routine started with makeup, which included a wig with long hair, elf ears, contact lenses, and some coloring to change my tanned skin to elfish colors. The cast was made up as elves, humans, orcs, and a few others. My character was usually aroused, and when any male came close, she would go to have sex with the male. She could barely explain her need even as she undressed her prey. When she finished, she usually ran up a tree and into the canopy.
The fourth day of shooting, we got a dangerous, unexpected guest. A jaguar jumped on a cameraman. After his initial scream, I ran over to pull it off. I quickly wrestled it to the ground, with my weight pinning it. While it tried to turn its head to bite me on its back, my hand on its neck prevented that, and its paws could only scratch dirt.
Using some of An authority, I said, "Someone get me a big hunk of raw meat. NOW!" While some people scrambled to comply, I whammied the jaguar to make it calm down. I already knew it must be hungry since it attacked a man, a fact I learned from Aja. Someone came forward, with meat, but wouldn't get close.
"You. With the meat. Come around behind me. Everyone else get behind me also." I leaned back a little, and put my other hand behind me. "Hand me the meat. I've got her pinned." He cautiously brought me the meat, then skittered back once I had it.
I whammied the jaguar again, with the ideas of food and safety, then I placed the meat in front of her. She immediately took a large bite. I stayed on her, holding her neck down, only letting her eat.
"Hey, Marcos, you got any tranquilizer? We need to relocate this animal deeper in the jungle."
"I'm sorry; Helen, but I don't have any. Best I can do is call in for some, which will take two days. Not much we can do."
"You saying we gotta let her go?"
The local ecological advisor hemmed and hawed, but after some prompting, he said, "Unfortunately, yes."
"I see. Let me think...." Actually, I was sensing the land and the air to find a new home for it. I also used my life sense to see what life lived in the area. I found an area seven miles to the north that looked lush, but would be difficult for the jaguar to cover. "I recall the area to the north is a good place to drop her off. I'm going to carry her there. Someone see to Chip's injuries, and I'll be back in a few hours. Now, everyone, get at least fifty feet away. Don't worry about the equipment. It's not food, so it will be good." I waited until everyone had withdrawn, then whammied the jaguar again, sending the idea of me being dominant and it complying. When I felt the thought settle in its mind, I got up, and quickly picked her up, holding her stomach and pressing her back to me with my other hand still controlling her head.
When I felt secure in my hold, I stood, and then headed north, away from the crew. Once out of sight, I sped up to a jog, then a run. I used all my senses to keep me moving quickly, and surely. I was nearing the area I planned to release it, when I sensed a divine presence. As I neared, I realized it was Inanna. I slowed as I came close. In moments, I was in a small clearing, and she was there, waiting for me.
"It has been a while since we saw each other in person."
"My Queen, I am honored. How can I be of service?"
"I thought we could speak about you. You are far more than you were when we met. Yet, you remain the same simple woman who cares for others. Let the cat go, she will not hurt you. Love the outfit, also."
I set her down, and let her go. I jumped back in case she decided she was annoyed with me. Instead, she walked over to Inanna and brushed against her legs like a house cat. "I knew lions were your thing. It's why I used lion earrings for the space-cat movies. So, jaguars, too?"
"All the big cats. She would not have seriously harmed you, however the rest of them were not mine. Feeding her was a good idea. Hugeng has taught you well. When you told me you took Kate down, I did some checking. She was over five hundred years old, in large part due to her contract. She was also the most powerful mage on the planet. Her demon came to collect, so you are safe from her, but news of her downfall has spread. Already, her lairs have been plundered of what little you left. You had a good idea to use red cat eyes, as that has thrown everyone off. So has 'the storm' concept. I've enhanced the idea a little, so they will be on a merry chase after a mage who doesn't exist.
"But not all that chase you want to take you down. Some want to be your students, others, your partner in magic. In time, you will pass on your knowledge, just as Hugeng teaches you. In the meantime, show Kuba here, you are my priestess."
I could tell she did not mean showing her holy symbol. So I thought about what defined me as hers. I then proceeded to generate the claws I used sparring with Hugeng, and then walked toward them slowly, exuding confidence, power, and sexuality. My nipples practically popped out to full mast, and I got wet. When I arrived, a few steps later, I said, "Kuba, join me." and I lowered a hand for her. She got up, nuzzled my hand, and then brushed by my legs before settling at my feet.
"Oh! That's good. Becky Sue, join me!" She waved a hand, and then lay down on the bed that suddenly appeared. I pushed my loincloth down past my hips, and it fell to the ground. I then lay next to her, while Kuba put a paw on my loincloth, as though protecting it. I could smell Inanna's sex, and so I proceeded to please her. She responded by pleasing me. I gave up all restraint in sexing her, as she deserved it. We both started coming regularly. I had more reach, and my talented tongue, but she had skill.
After two hours, we rested side by side. "An has told me about the service you have provided him. I think he likes your impertinences. It invigorates him, like he has not been in ages. He told me what you did. First, you give him a blowjob by doing a handstand. I don't think I have ever encountered that before. Then you used his lighting against him during sex. I felt that one. I'm just glad you didn't die. I wonder what is next."
"I think I know. He modified his talisman into a dildo."
"Oh, really?"
"Yes, and it also shocks the flesh when it touches, like a violet wand. I'm not sure just how potent he made it."
"You haven't tried it, yet?"
"No, I've been busy, and also somewhat reluctant to try."
"Well, no time like the present. I want to see you use it." She then looked expectantly at me. So I summoned An's talisman. "Woah, that's rather big."
"Yeah, it's also life-size."
"No. I've seen him. He's not that big."
"When I first met, he materialized from mist into a six-foot-something man. When he realized I was larger, he tried to distract me by sending me to his throne room. Behind me, he changed to being eight feet tall, and tried to whammie me into forgetting his smaller size. I played along, as I saw no good coming from mentioning it. It was only later as we were having sex that I realized he was the kind of man who had to be bigger than the woman he was with. He has appeared taller than me ever since."
"How big is that?"
"Fifteen inches, but I can only handle fourteen before bottoming out, so I used a hand to fake it. I don't know if he has realized it yet, but he hasn't complained. Shall I begin? I'm still wet."
"Do so, I'll watch and play with your breasts."
So, I placed the tip between my legs, barely touching my vagina. Zap. I could feel that. Still, it was nowhere near what he did. But I was just starting. How intense would it go? I continued to tease my vagina, getting zapped frequently. I could feel my nipples get real hard. Then I pushed it in a little, and the tip opened my folds, but didn't go in. The sparks down there got more intense, and I noticed my nipples were starting to glow a little. I pushed it a little deeper, and suddenly my nipples started to spark.
"Oh! I didn't expect that."
"I did. It gets better."
"Oh?"
I just smiled, and pushed it even farther in, and began to pull and push. The sparks below got more intense, as did the ones from my nipples. It seemed Inanna was getting turned on, as she started sucking a nipple. I started going in and out faster and deeper, and as I did, my nipples sparked continuously. Then I came. Lightning shot out my vagina, and it hit and split a tree at the edge of the clearing. At the same time, my nipples became plasma. I kept plunging in and out, and every so often another bolt shot out my vagina, as my orgasms intensified. I caught a glimpse of my hand, and it was moving so fast, I could barely see it. After half an hour, I began to slow, and I was able to finally stop and pull the talisman fully out. My orgasm still continued for another ten minutes. When I came down, I noticed Inanna was playing with my breasts, having fun passing her fingers through my nipples.
She noticed me watching. "Your nipples are actual lightning. No wonder, An likes you. And those bolts! If you shot those into his dick as you fucked, no wonder he likes having sex with you."
"I don't think I have to worry about draining the batteries."
"No.... Neither his, nor yours, looks like." I saw her staring at my nipples.
"Time to get them under control." I focused, and sent the excess energy in me into a bolt. I cast it from my hand into the pile of trees I had split. It took eleven bolts before the glow was gone, and I could feel no more energy waiting.
"That's a lot of power."
"Yeah. When I planted the bunker, I got a bit more powered up. I was a ball of plasma six hundred miles across. I've seen the images. I also was out of control, and only by the grace of the gods, two in particular, I survived. I think it has changed me somehow, but I am not sure. I seem faster, but I don't know why, nor have I had the leisure to figure it out."
"Then let me." She leaned forward, and kissed me deeply, even as she fingered me into another orgasm. When I recovered, she told me, "Your nerves are like lightning. They send their messages extremely fast, like lightning. You are also part of the desert. When you merged to do the ritual, part of that merge is permanent. You can draw on its power directly, but it can also draw on you. It also means that you cannot be its guardian, since you and it are, in some ways, one being."
"An said something like that, though he didn't explain. He also said he would look for a guardian."
"Well, our time here is almost over. No need to hurry, as our time on the bed did not occur for everyone else. Get dressed, so to speak, and say goodbye to Kuba."
I got off the bed, and walked over to Kuba. "Hello Kuba. I need my clothes now." I reached over and began to pet her, and she let out a low, pleased growl. I remembered Aja telling me jaguars don't purr. When I placed my hand on my loincloth, she let me take it. Standing up, I dressed. I said goodbye to Kuba, then Inanna, and then left at a run.
When I returned, several people were surprised. Marcos said, "You survived? How? Those creatures submit to no one. They are apex predators."
"She recognized I am also an apex predator, and one more powerful than she. When I let her go, she just walked away from me. I turned around and came back. I don't think she will return."
Eventually, the shooting finished, and the director was quite pleased with the apparent chemistry between me and everyone else. I knew it was actually an expression of Inanna's power, that I expressed while filming. Near the end of filming, I made a matching top. It was a pair of long leaves that hung down from my shoulders. They were attached at the neckline, but only gravity kept them in place. I even wore it in the film for my 'return' from the mating ritual. I was so going to wear this at the premiere, and there would be small breezes. I also enchanted this with preservation magic.
Returning home, I had a layover in Mexico, and wound up having an orgy in the VIP lounge. Afterwards, I was still feeling horny, so I stuffed my clothes into my carry-on, and flew the next leg naked. Two stewardesses ate me out, and I had sex with five guys in the air. The lady behind me couldn't keep her hands off my breasts. At fifteen minutes before landing, I asked her to stand before me. When she did, I pulled her skirt down a little, and slipped my tongue inside her panties, and soon was pounding her with my tongue. As I also played with her G-Spot, she came hard and could barely stand. When it was time to buckle in, I pulled out and sent her back. Her seatmate had to buckle her in. Filipe was surprised to pick me up naked, but I just smiled.
We had a week to ourselves before Jiao-long returned. We caught each other up on the situation with Kate. He was quite glad she was no longer in this world. He was also surprised by Inanna's actions. Soon we got back to our lessons, but before that, I wore the elf's outfit the first day he came back. When I told him I enchanted it, he asked to examine it, so I took it off and handed it to him. He turned away, saying he needed to do this without distraction, so I laughed, but let him.
"Not bad. It is a simple enchantment with a low level repair spell. Nice."
"I got the idea from a book."
"Oh? I don't recall that combination of enchantments mentioned in any of the books."
"It wasn't in a book. It was on a book. The one I translated. It takes the user's energy to power itself. It was the source of the books 'curse' until I fed it enough energy to fully restore the book."
"Oh, that's clever, and from such an old book. I wonder why it was lost to time."
"Inanna told me they were very secretive in those days. Kinda still are. That's an easy way to lose knowledge."
"It is; which is why I want you to eventually teach others what I am teaching you."
"I shall, someday. But for today, I must learn it first."
"Agreed...." With that, we resumed my lessons. By the fall, he pronounced me a competent battle mage, and also a talented mentalist. I knew and could do far more than I ever thought possible. While he could do little mentally, he understood it, and was able to direct my own exploration. The day before Jiao-long was to leave; Filipe insisted I spend the night with him to celebrate.
It was Thanksgiving weekend, when I felt another disturbance. I told Filipe I had to leave, and why. I armored up, and teleported as before. However, by this time, I had added a flying-suit capability to the armor. I would come down fast, but without any power signature. This time, after I spotted him, I flew down from high up. I came down behind him.
"Hello, mage, are you friend or foe?" This guy was clearly startled. He had no idea I was there, not even after I used a little air power to land silently.
"Urp!... Um, hello? I would like to be friends, but who are you?"
"For now, think of me as The Storm."
"The Storm seems an odd sort of name. I'm Bret. Pleased to meet you."
"It is not a name. So, Why are you here?" I chose to open my mind to leaking thoughts, but otherwise guarded.
"I am studying this place. Ever since the hurricane, people have been studying it. But I think I am the first mage to do so."
"What makes you think that?"
"I waited a year, before I even approached. Then I searched the area for magic. I could not find any, but I could not stay long, as it was too hot. Even now, it is fairly hot, but bearable. My camper has air conditioning, and I have plenty of diesel fuel for power. Anyway, I've been keeping an eye out for other magic, and right now, you are the first I've encountered. You seem rather powerful."
I smiled at his navet. "Why are you here?"
"I want to learn. How did it come to be? Will it return? What really happened? There is so much to know."
What I felt of his thoughts matched his words. He really was trying to learn. "And when you learn these things, what will you do?"
"I don't know. Probably look for the next interesting thing. Maybe incorporate some things I learned into new spells. I don't know."
"I would see your truth. May I?"
"I'm telling you my truth. But sure, okay, you can see me."
I looked into his eyes, and hit him with a whammie to do nothing until I finished. I felt no protections. Then I walked up to him, and then placed the fingers of one hand on his face and spoke the magic words, "Vulcan Mind Meld." Totally bogus, but he was clearly surprised, and I could tell he recognized what I said. I then carefully read his mind, a small bit at a time. First I learned of his morals and ethics, then I sought out his history, and finally, what drove him to be here. It was as he said; he was here to learn for learning's sake. I also felt he was a good man, and worthy of learning. Stepping back, I released him, and the stasis of my whammie.
"Woah. You just read my mind. Cool. What did you see?"
"I saw someone worthy to be my student, and perhaps more. Would you like more power?"
"Yeah, but then who wouldn't. But at what price?"
"What if it were free?"
"There would still be a price. Would I still be me? Power corrupts, and I've heard enough stories to be afraid of such power."
"I thought so. You respect power, and won't abuse it. Prepare yourself. I want to introduce you to someone far more powerful than myself."
"Huh?"
"Hold my hand a moment." He did. I thought to An, "Lord An, I have found someone worthy of being my student. I think he may also be worthy of being a guardian as well. Will you examine him?"
We both felt the air charge. Bret asked, "What's happening?"
"Job interview."
"Huh?"
At that moment, we got zapped by lightning, and were in An's throne room. I bowed, and said, "Lord An, this is Bret, a good mage. I want to make him my apprentice in magic, but I think he may be who you are looking for."
"So, you are a Bret. What sort of man are you?"
Bret, clearly in fear of this eight-foot-tall, Sumerian god, bowed and said, "Lord..., um, sir. I am a man of science."
"Hm, I see a weak man. Why should I allow you to guard it?"
"I am not a weak man. I was captain of my college debate team. I led them to victory many times."
"Oh? Let me see?" I saw Bret's eyebrows go up, as he felt An's searching in his mind. "Hm. You are weak physically, but you stand up for your friends and teammates."
The conversation lasted for another five minutes, and An was clearly having fun at Bret's expense. Yet, it seemed like he was warming to him. Finally, he turned to me and said, "Well, priestess, you have indeed spotted a diamond in the rough."
"Well, then, Bret. You need to exercise more, and learn to fight. But I accept you as the guardian of the Death Valley spirit. Becky Sue will introduce you, as well as teach you. Oh, and priestess, be sure your student learns well."
"I shall, Lord An." I then bowed. When Bret did nothing, I elbowed him in the ribs lightly. He got the idea and also bowed. Then An zapped us back down.
"What just happened? You're a priestess? What did he mean, guardian, and who is he anyway?"
"The one who interviewed you is the ancient King of the Sumerian gods, Lord An. I am a priestess of his, among other things. And being a guardian is a sacred responsibility. The site is quite young, yet you sense its power. Some mages seek power above everything. I have already dealt with three others who thought to take its power. As a guardian, you use your power, and the power you gain from being a guardian, to protect it from all who would steal its power."
"Sumerian? Who are they? I never heard of them. He's a god? Really? Who did you kill?"
"You recognized 'Vulcan Mind Meld'. Do you know of Conan the Barbarian?"
"Yeah?"
"He was a fictional warrior based in the same time as Sumeria. It was at the beginning of recorded history, back when writing was invented. Their kings took efforts to look like Lord An. Look them up online when you get a chance. And while I have killed enemies, I did not kill those three mages. The first sought me out and attacked, so I turned him over to Lord An, and I have no idea of his fate. The second fought me when I asked why he was here. I subdued him, and since he sought to take power, I took his instead. I don't know his fate, but he is out of the picture for a good while. The third straight up attacked me as soon as she was aware I was here. I took her down and took her power as well. Shortly after, the demon she made a bargain with came to collect."
"Demons are real?"
"Yes, though I have not fought one. Kate Demon Hand, however, summoned one and made a deal several hundred years ago. Now her soul pays the price."
"Kate Demon Hand?! You fought her and survived? She's one of the deadliest mages on the planet."
"She was. And she was the deadliest one, not one of. But it was my combat skill in the martial arts that felled her. Having a fifty-pound stick hit you upside the head is rather difficult to handle."
"My dad taught me to stay away from powerful mages. They would be the death of me."
"Well, I must disappoint your dad, as I am fairly powerful as a mage. That storm you were inquiring about? That was me. A ritual I was performing here got a bit out of hand. Fortunately, I was able to keep the damage down."
"Impossible. That hurricane was far too powerful. No mage can handle that kind of power."
"That wasn't a mage's power, but a priestess's power. Lord An has said I am the most powerful priestess he has ever had. That also means I can also access his power and channel it to my desire. I poured that power into a magic ritual."
"You can channel the power of a god?"
I smiled, then pointed to each side and willed a lightning bolt from each hand. Zap. Zap. "Yes, I can."
It took him a few moments to pick his jaw up off the ground. "That wasn't a spell."
"I have other tricks." I then willed a whirlwind appear to one side. I kept it small, maybe ten feet tall, but it picked up the sand easily. After leaving it there for a minute, I dismissed it.
"How the hell can you do that?"
"Being a priestess allows me access to his powers. But I serve him second. I first became a priestess of Queen Inanna, the Sumerian goddess of sex and war. Ever see any of the Nigkala movies?"
He immediately blushed and looked away.
"I see you have. What you see now is a disguise. I am Nigkala, both in reality, and the character. As a child, I patterned my life after her. It turns out she was real, and her goddess took notice of me. Ever since, my life has been far more interesting. Later, I picked up a major talisman of An, and it chose me, which made me his priestess as well. I currently have four major talismans, and nine minor talismans."
"You made or took over all those talismans?"
"I take it you don't know the difference, then?"
"What difference?"
"Major talismans are given by the gods to whom they choose. They are far more powerful than the minor talismans that mages make. I assisted a friend in making my first talisman. It helps hide my power. I have freed four talismans, and they choose to serve me. I unmade another, and I am working on the others from time to time. When the time comes, I will help you make or take over a talisman, if you want."
"This is a lot to handle. I don't know if I can."
"Lord An thinks you can. Let us begin. Please sit." He was about to say something about no chairs when I summoned them. "Now, meditate, and I will enter your thoughts, and I shall bring the site to you."
He nodded, and we sat. I also meditated, and reached out for the site. I sent it the idea of being given a guardian, and that I wanted it to share some of its power with the guardian. When I felt it understood, I brought in Bret. Speaking directly to him, I introduced the two.
In thought, I said, "Bret, will you accept the responsibility and duty of being a guardian?"
He spoke, "Yes."
Back in thought, I said, "Then let it be. Please come together and meet your partner." I then encouraged both to share a part of themselves. While the site had done this several times with me, for Bret, it was new, and wondrous. When I felt they had achieved their link, I faded out of the three-way sharing and left them to their thoughts. It was nearly an hour before Bret came back to the world.
"I never knew such could be possible."
"Magic is a secret world. It has possibilities undreamed of by mere science. It also has dangers and nightmares that must be faced. I shall be your teacher for a while, and not just for magic. I will teach you how to fight in hand to hand, and with magic. But tonight, your homework is to learn about Sumeria, and their gods, especially Lord An and Queen Inanna. I shall return tomorrow." With that, I ported home.
Over the next few weeks, I learned a lot about Bret, and I ported us to my home and showed him my library. In the next few months, he faced other mages, and overcame them.
But that is another story....