I'd been out most of the morning, getting my pampering completed, Nails, Hair, Bikini and Body Waxing, and spent an outrageous amount of Jeff's money on some very salacious sexy underwear. Jeff does like the soft latex and faux leather look and he'll be pleased to know my latest purchases will not disappoint him. In my shopping bags were a very provocative quarter cup bra in a very soft black latex, with a matching waist hugging Waspie.
This outfit would be accompanied by the PVC topped seamed fishnet stockings I had also purchased. I was contemplating popping home and adorning my new garments, to surprise Jeff when he returned home from work, but as it was only 12:30 it would involve a substantial amount of waiting around time.
I was feeling quite giddy with excitement at my new hotwife purchases, so I decided to pop into our local to have a few Vodka and diet cokes to celebrate my new sexy acquisitions. I walked into the bar with my bags of lingerie only to find Neil and Brian propping up the bar.
I sneaked up behind them, not very successfully, as the stiletto heels of my thigh length boots clinked across the wooden floorboards of the bar.
Neil turned round first, smiling brazenly.
"What a delight for sore eyes!" He said, looking me up and down.
I'd been traipsing around town wearing my black soft leather thigh length boots, with a skintight black wet look, almost micro mini dress. My beige Macintosh covered my dress, but with the buttons undone, a fair amount of my very short dress was clearly visible.
Neil whistled cheekily as he pulled me closer to him and kissed my cheek. His hands slid past my waist, moving down my back and held my buttocks, kneading them gently. Because of my Mac covering my now raised micro mini dress, no one else could see his naughty ass squeezing antics. I smiled sexily at Neil and said.
"Aren't you going to buy a girl a drink?"
Neil didn't look away as he spoke to Brian and said.
"Get the sexy lady a Vodka and Diet Coke, and make sure it's a very large one!"
I giggled at Neil, pushing my crotch into his own and said.
"Yes it is a large one!" Laughing at my own innuendo.
Brian ordered the drink as Neil continued to squeeze my exposed buttocks majestically.
"What brings you in here during the day!" Neil smiled, holding my firm buttocks.
"I've just been shopping for some new sexy undies and decided I needed a drink to celebrate my sexy choices!" I grinned, still pushing my pussy towards Neil's growing erection. His fingertips were now stroking the crack of my ass, moving toward the shaved slit of my very excited pussy.
"Well maybe you should take me and Brian over to yours and give us a little fashion show of your new purchases!" Neil said with a devilish twinkle in his eye, as his index finger reached my smooth groove.
A few months back, Neil was in our house, drinking in our entertainment room, when I paraded around in a cut out black micro mini dress, showing ample amounts of bare flesh, a colossal amount of cleavage and due to the cut outs a vast amount of side boob.
When I was just about to enter our entertainment room, I stretched my bare leg high behind the door with just my ridiculously high heeled shoe pointing outward and wiggled my leg like a burlesque stripper. Neil, Brian and Jeff were dumbstruck when I ventured into the room wearing my tight revealing dress.
They all grabbed their iPhones and began clicking an elaborate amount of photographs of me in my very revealing dress. My 34G breasts were barely covered, as I stated an enormous amount of bare flesh on display. Standing at our bar counter with my long legs slightly parted. It was evident that no underwear was worn beneath the dress, which resulted in the guys taking turns in having their photographs taken with me, where the hands wandered all over dress and body.
I smiled at the memory of that night, remembering just how horny I was and how much Jeff fucked me when the guys left. The tingle was still fresh in my memory as I whispered in Neil's ear.
"Tell you what. You guys ply me with a few more vodka's then I'll take you both over to my house and give you that fashion show you asked for!"
Neil pulled me closer to him. His now hard trouser covered cock pushing into my shaved pussy, as my micro mini dress had ridden up somewhat. He had already discovered that I wasn't wearing any underwear beneath my dress. One hand left my buttocks as it sidled up my narrow waist and settled on my large firm breasts. He squeezed my left fleshy orb masterfully as I moaned into his ear.
Brian tapped my shoulder and handed me my drink. Neil smoothed my dress down, re-covering my shaved pussy as I climbed onto the barstool between the guys. Crossing my long thigh length booted legs slowly, I ensure that my shaved pussy was visible if only for a glimpse.
Neil's eyebrows raised, witnessing my impromptu pussy flash.
"So what did you buy?" He asked excitedly.
"You'll see when I do my fashion show!" I teased, thrusting my firm braless breasts forward. My nipples were erect and poking through the soft shiny black material of my micro mini dress.
Brian clocked my aroused breasts and smiled wickedly. Both guys were looking at me with the most leering, lustful looks, which only enhanced my sense of arousal even further.
I picked up my Vodka and slugged it backed in one almighty gulp. The drink was incredibly strong, at least a double, if not a treble measure.
My cheeks tingled instantly as the alcohol flushed through my bloodstream. The naughty boys were trying to get me drunk and hopefully take advantage of me. Neil ordered another drink for me and then eased his hand inside my Mac once more. Running his strong hand up my waist and softly stroking my side boob. His thumb stretched outward and flicked my erect nipple as he began to move the hardened flesh in small circles.
My drink arrived and I sipped this one cautiously. It was every bit as strong as the first one and I could feel my head becoming lighter and my inhibitions weakening dramatically.
Brian had now placed his hand inside my Mac, replicating Neil's exact moves, sliding his hand up my waist, stroking my side boob and placing his thumb on my erect nipple, moving the erect flesh in small circles. I never objected to any of this, as the guys continued to enjoy my huge firm breasts.
Thankfully no one else in the bar could see any of this, due to my long Mac covering our little tryst. Neil placed his hand on my bare leg and moved his fingertips up my thigh slowly and sensually. I knew where this was heading and opened my legs slightly to give him access to my shaved pussy. Brian looked on smiling as Neil's fingers arrived at my smooth shaved slit. I smiled contentedly as Neil began to slide his index finger up and down my hairless slit.
"I'll finish this drink then we'll go and have our fashion show!" I said in a hushed tone, enjoying the guys pawing at me.
My house is less than two minutes walk from the Pub as the guys and I drank our drinks hurriedly, then left the bar to head to my home. I wouldn't let the guys carry my bag, knowing that they would peak inside and spoil the surprise of my sexy fashion show. We giggled the short distance to my house, as I reached inside my handbag for my house keys.
Unlocking the front door, I stepped inside and seductively invited the guys in. Both guys knew their way around my home and headed straight into the entertainment room.
"You guys pour us all a drink and I'll be back in a minute with my little sexy fashion show!" I smiled.
Neil smiled at me and said.
"Brian you pour the drinks and I'll put some sexy music on!"
I climbed the stairs to my bedroom, listening to the antics of the guys, when the sudden throbbing sound of hip hop music filled my house.
I tipped my shopping bags onto my bed and removed my Mac, tossing it on the bed with my new lingerie.
I eased my skin-tight micro mini over my head, leaving me naked apart from my thigh length boots.The tags had been removed from my lingerie in the shop, so I was able to slide my arms into the quarter cup PVC Bra easily. I fastened the bra at the front and placed my huge firm breasts within the confines of the supporting cups. Placing the Waspie around my waist,
I began to fasten the hook and eyes at the front of the Waspie. The back of the Waspie was lace up, which the assistant in the store helped me tie tightly, to accentuate my narrow waist with the soft shiny black latex.
I looked in the mirror and actually took my own breath away. This looked sensational. My huge breasts thrusting forward, my nipples standing proudly erect. My narrow waist drawn in even more so with the restraining Waspie making my waist look at least two sizes smaller.
This only emphasised the smoothness of my shaved pussy, reflecting back at me in my mirror, as my tight slit hinted at things to come. I unzipped my thigh length boots, placing my feet inside the PVC topped fishnet stockings, rolling them up my legs and snugly into place. I put my thigh length boots over my stockings, zipping my boots along my inside calf, watching the soft leather hug my taut legs.
I decided against fastening my garter straps to my stockings as it made my overall look that bit more slutty, seeing the garter straps hanging loose, dangling down toward my thighs and shaved pussy.
I looked at my reflection in my mirror with an enormous amount of self satisfaction. The boys would lose their minds when I walked into our entertainment room.
The pulsing hip hop music was vibrating around my house, making my pussy tingle. My stomach was flipping with excitement as the sexual butterflies fluttered within.
I took a deep breath and headed downstairs to reveal hotwife slut lingerie to my two daytime guests. The stiletto heels of my thigh length boots clicked on the stairs announcing my impending arrival to the guys. I stopped just short of the door frame and extended my right leg, showing my thigh length boot and stocking to the guys within.
A loud raucous laugh filled the room then wolf whistles filled the air. I popped my head around the door, smiling at both guys, whose faces looked flushed with excitement and arousal. I then stepped into the door frame displaying my hotwife lingerie and my exposed tits and shaved pussy.
The guys stared open mouthed. Not a sound was heard, except strong heavy breathing, as they drank in the vision of my hotwife outfit.
No one spoke as I walked slowly into the room, my huge breasts swaying with every step. Neil Unzipped his flies and snatched his cock from out of his jeans. Unbuckling his belt, his jeans crashed to the floor, the buckle of his belt making a loud bang is it bounced off the hardwood floor.
Brian undid his trouser in less dramatic fashion, stepping out of his trousers and boxers. Neil was patently not wearing underwear as his hard cock pointed in my direction. Removing his T-shirt, he stood naked in my entertainment room, sporting a very large and very hard erection. My pussy was tingling and fizzing looking at Neil's huge cock, twitching and throbbing before my very eyes. Brian had removed all of his clothes also, sporting a very impressive erection and an absolutely huge pair of balls.
Both Brian and Neil were stroking their hard cocks looking at my exposed breasts and shaved pussy.
Brian had a soft downy tuft of hair above his cock, where as Neil was completely shaved. I smiled at both guys, as they continued to stroke their impressive cocks.
"Jeff is not to know of this!" I sighed "But you two can do anything you want to me for the next hour!" I panted almost, playing the part of slut hotwife for my two studs.
Neill stepped forward and kissed me gently as his cock slid against my hairless slit. Brian stood behind me, his cock separating the cheeks of my ass, sliding between my buttocks very sexily. Brians hands cupped my exposed breasts, gently arousing my already erect nipples.
Neil continued kissing me as our tongues entwined like mating rattlesnakes.I rocked back and forth on both cock for a moment, increasing my excitement and libido exponentially.
I placed my fingers on the ball sac of Neil and began to softly graze my taloned nails on his aching balls. I broke off our kiss and smiled at Neil as I moved down slowly into a squat position. With both hard cocks pointing at my face, I knelt on the floor and held both cocks at their base. Looking up at the guys, I smiled coyly, then took turns in licking each cock. Both guys groaned with pleasure as my tongue and lips began to work their sexual magic.
I held both cocks and slid the heads between my lips, sucking the swollen glans of the erect members. My saliva coated both cocks as I then began to take turns in sucking each cock for no more than ten seconds each. As one cock was in my mouth, I would slap my cheek with the other cock. I'd never performed this activity before, but decided if I was ever to suck more than one cock again, I would definitely be repeating this process.
Both guys were whispering under their breath.
Brian was sighing and repeating "Yeah, suck my cock baby!"
Neil was more colourful as he snarled quietly "Suck my cock you unfaithful slut!"
I did enjoy the pillow talk of both guys, but must admit that Neil's were pressing my buttons to a much greater effect.
Neil looked down at my oral extravaganza and smiled.
"We both will fuck your cheating married and your tight asshole. And we will both double penetrate you and treat you like the unfaithful slut hotwife that you are!" He snarled "And you will swallow all of our spunk!" He laughed heartily.
Brian, ever the realist chipped in.
"That way there will be no spunk evidence for Jeff to find!" He smiled "It will be like we were never here!"
With no trace of guilt, I thrilled at his words, knowing my husbands friends were about to fuck me and insist that I swallow every drop of evidence. I felt like the perfect cheating slut hotwife, dressed as I was, sucking two cocks at once and preparing to be fucked by someone other than my husband.
Delicious!
"Shall we fuck you together or one at a time?" Neil smiled, leaning forward and squeezing my firm large breasts.
"You can do whatever you want to me!" I re-iterated my earlier statement.
"This afternoon I will be your hotwife cheating slut!" I smiled.
"Keep sucking Brians cock and I'll finger blast you!" Neil stated, all matter of factly.
Neil moved everything off the bar counter, clearing the way to place me on his sexual altar. Raising me from the floor, he moved me toward the edge of the bar counter. Placing his hands on my cinched PVC waist, he lifted me off the floor and placed me on the cool surface of the bar counter. Brian had climbed onto the bar counter and was kneeling just above my head, stroking his rock hard cock. I leant back, turning my head toward Brians cock and began to lick and suck his meaty shaft.
Brian gave out a delightful moan as his body produced the slightest of sexual shudders. I opened my stocking and booted legs very wide, to show Neil my aroused shaved pussy and the tightness of my soon to be fucked asshole. Neil stroked my inner thighs softly, causing me to squirm with sexual delight, as I felt the warmness of his breath, breeze over me exposed labia.
I heard Neil spit on my pussy, the force of this action delighted the subservient slut within me, as I groaned pleasurably whilst sucking Brian's cock. Neils lips glided over my hairless pussy as he began to kiss and nibble the sexually excited flesh of my pussy delicately.
I could feel my hips moving involuntarily, enticingly dancing to the sexual rhythm of Neils lips and tongue. His tongue thrust forward, piercing my pussy with the hot slithering flesh of his magnificent tongue. The walls of my pussy were oscillating with sexual tremors as Neils tongue became an orgasmic sex organ. My hips were thrusting my orgasmic pussy, harshly into Neils face, as his tongue excited me more than any tongue previously. Brian was reaping the benefits of Neils sexual expertise as I sucked his cock vigorously during my orgasm. Neil's tongue was now outside my pussy, flicking my aroused labia and circling my blood engorged clitoris.
The flat surface of his tongue pressed on my clitoris as he began to roll my love button round and round. This was post orgasmic bliss, when I felt his manly index finger, slide inside my pussy, hooking the front wall of my pulsating cunt and pushed the fingertip onto the spongy flesh of my Gspot.
Immediately the finger began to move rapidly, creating a tension, pressure and sensational pleasure I'd never known. The squelching sound coming from my pussy let me know that something special was about to happen. An intense wave of pleasure burst through my body and migrated to my pussy, as a huge gushing orgasm burst from my pussy, spraying Neils hand and the bar counter.
The next wave was a deluge burst of female ejaculate, surging from my pussy as the strongest orgasm ever, took over me physically and spiritually.
I had removed Brians cock from my mouth, as I panted, gasped, squealed, groaned and sighed during the most blissful sexual experience of my entire life.
My eyes were rolling with sheer lust as Neils finger slowed down to allow me to enjoy the moment. I bit my lip as I looked at Neils soaked hand and my drenched bar counter.
"I'll be doing that again to you!" Neil smirked "You dirty cheating slut!"
"Too fucking right you will!" I said, my legs wide open, showing Neil my married cunt and asshole.
Brian was stroking his rampant cock, smiling away possibly at the memory of the times when I was a Stripper. Neil had never seen me strip but Brian had been in the audience on many an occasion. I'd never gone this far before with either of them, and the sense of empowerment and sexual arrogance I was experiencing was the stuff of fantasies, and here I was, living it out.
Brians cock resting on my smiling lips, as I ran my tongue slowly around the domed head of his hard cock. My breath quickened slightly as I felt Neil's powerful cock slide the first inch inside my pussylips.
I sucked hungrily on Brians cock as Neil slid his length slowly inside me, until at last his balls were resting on my shaved slit. I moved my hips, slowly and tantalisingly, riding Neils cock.
A flash went off before my eyes as I looked up to see Neil taking a photograph of me sucking Brians cock on his iPhone. My eyes rolled with exhibitionist excitement as Neil took another pic. I was moaning approvingly at his impromptu photo session, when he began to take pics of his cock sliding in and out of my tight shave married pussy. I came powerfully at the scenario unfolding, bucking enthusiastically against Neils awesome cock.
I placed my left hand on my pussy and held my pussylips open, as Neils powerful cock rammed my hungry unfaithful cunt. Neil was pointing his phone toward my pussy, but no flash was going off! He was videoing his cock fucking me! The cerebral excitement proved too much and I came once more, this time gushing female ejaculate forcefully out of my cock filled pussy.
My huge firm breasts were rising and falling with every orgasmic panting breath I took. Brians cock was almost at breaking point when he snarled.
"I'll need to fuck her now, I'm about to spunk up!" He said coarsely, thrilling me even more.
Neil withdrew his cock, glistening majestically with lashings of my orgasms, shining on his cock. He stepped aside as Brian leapt off the bar counter and eased his way between my spread legs. His cock nudged at my pussylips, as the head of his cock eased its way inside my soaked pussy. He slid the full length inside and began to thrust away at a pace that was never sustainable.
"Oh fuck this pussy is so good!" Brian groaned "I'm going to spunk!"
"Spunk on my face!" I panted, enjoying Brians length as he fucked me vigorously.
Brian withdrew his purple headed cock, gripping the base tightly and moved the head close to my face. I turned my face fully to receive the onslaught of creamy seed, as the first spurt powerfully blasted my lips and cheek.
Spurt after spurt followed, as I stuck my tongue out to receive as much as possible in my mouth. Looking up I saw Neil was videoing this moment for prosperity, as I slid Brians erupting cock in my mouth and began to suck and lick the final spasms from his cock. Scooping every strand of spunk off my face, I let the creamy spunk run off my fingers into my open mouth.
Licking the final residue off my fingers, I smiled at the camera and swallowed every drop, opening my mouth to show the lens that no more sperm left.
This was without doubt the sexiest, horniest experience of my life, and we'd only just started!