A few weeks after our fun night my little sister came home from collage. Krystina is 23 and beautiful. she's 10 years younger than me and smoking hot. Mom knew it too because a few days before she came home, she suggested we let her in on our secret life. I didn't agree. It's not that I wouldn't love to be with her, it's just that the relationship me and my mother have is very unique and I'm not sure she would be on board with it. So I came up with an Idea. I knew the day after my sister came home, my mom was leaving for 3 days to visit her sister so Krystina would be at the house alone. The day my mother left I went over and visited with my sister. At one point when I was alone I opened my mom's I-pad and went into the camera app. I made sure it was set on my living room because it cover the most area, then I turned it off, but left the app open so If she opened the I-pad it would be set right on my cameras.
I left her house and signed into my app to see if sis discovered my cameras, she hadn't yet. I kept my "mom cam" on all day and checked it periodically. I saw her watching T.V., reading, eating, everything but look at that damn I-pad. Around 7:00 that night I saw her reach for the I-pad and turn it on. I quickly tried to look like was just chilling in bed, looking at my laptop, and I was, I was just watching her without her knowing it. I watched as she turned it on and I saw both of her eyebrows go up in a surprised look. Then I noticed the light shinning on her kept changing, I knew she was looking at the videos my mother saved. I was trying to act as normal as possible in case she went back to the live view.
I turned up the volume as high as I could and I could hear myself talking about my mother. She was apparently watching one of the more recent videos that I lured mom in with. A minute later I watched as she put the I-pad down, stood up and took off her pants. She wasn't wearing any underwear, so there she stood with a sweatshirt on and no pants, very hot! She sat back down and picked the I-pad up, then she watched intently one of my masturbating videos. I decided to have some fun and I called her phone. I watched her as she answered it.
I said. "hey, I'm bored, what are ya doing?"
She answered and said, "just watching a video, what are you doing?"
I said, " same, but I'm so bored I'm actually in bed and I'm about to watch one of those cheesy porn videos, it's got to be more interesting than this stupid movie." She laughed and told me hers was really good, but I probably wouldn't like it, then she gave me a name of some bogus movie to cover herself. We talked for a few more minutes and said goodbye.
As we said goodbye she said, "enjoy your porn and don't do anything I wouldn't do." We both laughed and hung up. I watched as she did some typing on the keypad and I saw the light was now staying the same. I knew she was watching me live. To make sure I reached over and turned the night stand light on and I saw the light change on her end. Now that I knew she was watching, I wanted to give her something to watch. I was wearing a loose sweatshirt and some very tight leggings. I stood up, took off my top and exposed my tits to some fresh air. I then turned my back to the camera and slipped of my leggings. I knew she had a perfect view of my ass so I bent over to pick up my pants, but I made sure my legs were spread just a little wider than usual. I know she was able to see my ass and my pussy lips.
I climbed back into bed, but not before reaching in my nightstand and grabbing my toys and oil. As I looked at my laptop I saw Krystina was now completely naked and her hand was buried between her legs. Just like mommy and big sis, her pussy was completely shaved. I watched as she had an orgasm. I was amazed, I didn't even get to show her anything yet and she was already cuming. I guess it's the advantage she has being attached to a nice young pussy. I put my laptop to the side so I could give her an unobstructed view. I oiled up my dildo, raised my legs in the air and started to fuck myself. I watched as she was feverishly rubber her clit to another orgasm.
I came shortly after her, but I was far from done. I thought I would turn the heat up a little, so I put my toy back in and as I was pumping it in and out I said," mom, do it faster, please, I love when you do this to me, don't stop, please mom keep going." I turned to look at the laptop and I saw Krystina standing and fingering herself. I guess it was working, so I kept it going. I said, " oh mom, I wish Krystina was here, I would be doing this to her while you watched." As I said the last word, I saw her have an intense orgasm, she almost collapsed on the floor. I pulled out my toy and laid there catching my breath and watching her. Sher sat back down and started to gently rub her clit. I pushed it in my pussy one last time and as I took it out, I licked it and said, "oh shit krystina, you taste amazing, now please, eat my pussy, please.
I watched as my baby sister brought her fingers to her mouth and sucked them dry. Let me tell you, I was so fucking horny watching that I wanted to drive right over there and eat that pussy. I decided that was enough for night one so I cleaned up and went to sleep. The next day I went over there first thing in the morning as planned for breakfast and a day at the pool. I went in and assumed she was still sleeping because everything was quiet. I went up to the spare room and saw she was still sleeping. What caught my attention was not that she was still sleeping, but that she was on top of the bed, naked and sleeping. I wanted to climb right in there next to her, but not sure that would be a good idea. I looked at that shaved pubic area, he flat stomach and those tiny little tit's, damn she was hot!
I decided to wake her and watch her reaction. I gently shook her arm and said, "wake up baby sis, your tities are hanging out, wakey wakey."
She gently opened her eyes and said,"their my tit's and I can do whatever I want with them."
I laughed and said," Well so it your little pussycat, have you no shame girl?"
She simple said, "no I don't." then she spread her legs open for a second and quickly closed them.
I said, "wow, she's pretty cute, bet the boys like her."
She said, " everybody I show her to, love's her, now get the fuck out and let me sleep." I thought Hmmm, everybody? interesting choice of words.
I slapped her bare ass and said, get up, I'll go make breakfast," and left her room. She came down about 10 minutes later wearing a very tiny bikini and she looked amazing! we had breakfast and chatted for a bit, but I couldn't take my eyes off her. Around 12:00 we headed out to the pool with the first of many drinks in our hands. We swam and sunned for a couple hours when Krystina went inside and came back out with some pot, my kryptonite! Whenever I smoke, I get horny as hell, and believe me, I was already horny looking at her all day. We smoked and drank most of the afternoon. I decided it was time to test lil sis. I said," how's the sex life at school? Mine here at home, sucks."
She said, "I really don't give the guys at school the time of day, I can't be bothered with all the bullshit that they bring, just to get laid. I'd rather take things into my own hands if you know what I mean." Now, I knew why she was so upfront, it was because she watched me fuck that dildo last night and she knew I would have no problem with that answer.
I simply said, " I hear ya sis, that's me on most nights." then I couldn't believe what she said next.
Krystina said, "Have you ever masturbated in front of anybody, like a boyfriend?"
I wanted to say, "yes, both you and mom," but I held back and said "no, but that is a fantasy of mine, Just really enjoy myself while someone watched me." Then I asked her. "how about you, have you ever done it with a guy or even a girlfriend? I've heard about those all girl collage dorms."
She laughed and said," well, not quite, but almost." You want the details?" I simply smiled and nodded my head. She told me about one drunken night when she made out with a girl and headed back to the dorm to have sex, but after watching her strip down, she chickened out. I asked her if she thought that was a missed opportunity, she said yes, it was. Well now the stage was set, I was pretty sure she was ready.
I said, "all this talk about sex is making me crazy horny, I need to cool off in the pool, you coming in?" She got up to go in and I said, "ok, you chickened out once, let's see if anything's changed, take off your suit and let's go in naked." I stood up, took off my suit, then strolled into the pool. I turned to look at Krystina to see how she would react. I was very happy to watch my beautiful little sister with the most amazing body, strip down in front of me.
She looked at me and said, "Happy?"
I said, "oh yeah, I love that cute little body you have, I could look at it all day, and yes, I know that's weird, but it's the truth." She just smiled, did a complete 360 so I could see everything she had, then walked into the pool. She swam up very close to me and let her tit's lean against my arm. I looked down at them and then back at her. She once again just smiled and swam away. That was the point I knew she would be in for an afternoon of fun. I swam up to her and put my hand on her ass. All she did was lean forward a little to give me better access. I took full advantage and rubbed her ass from top to bottom.
She leaned over the edge of the pool and let me do what I wanted. I asked her if she was ok with what was happening and she simply said. "Mmmm, oh yeah" I traced my finger along the crack of her ass, rubbed her asshole a little then made my way down to her pussy. She was more that helpful by opening her legs wider so it would be easier for me. I played with her lips, back up her ass and finally back down and inside of her pussy. As my fingers entered her she let out a soft little moan. I was in heaven. As much as I was enjoying the shit out of the moment, I needed more, I wanted to taste that cute pussy and knew it was now or never.
I asked her if she wanted to go up to the bedroom, she nodded her head yes. As we went upstairs towards the spare room she pulled my arm and said, "No, I want to do this in mom's bed, I think it will be more fun that way." Oh if she only knew how many times me and mom fucked in that bed. I told her I loved the idea and we went into moms room. As soon as we got there Krystina took me by the shoulders, turned me so my back was to the bed and told me to sit down. I did as she asked and before I knew what was happening, she was kneeling in front of me and her tongue was on my pussy.
Being high just made her tongue fell that much better. She had it all over my lips, inside my pussy and then down to my ass, she was amazing at eating pussy. I picked my legs up so it would be easier for her, and she took full advantage. When she finally finished I said, "I need a toy, do you think mom has any?" Knowing full well she did, and they were right there in the nightstand drawer.
Krystina said," I was thinking the same thing, should we look?" I told her we should and pretended to look in her dresser, I told her to look in the nightstand. 10 seconds later she was holding mom's dildo and vibrator.
I smiled, walked over to the bed, laid on my back, opened my legs and said," ok, finish what you started" She put the dildo in her mouth to get it wet, then she slowly put it in me. She was going nice and slow, it felt amazing. Then I took her hand off, grabbed the dildo myself, and I said, "I told you before, I always wanted to play with myself while somebody watched, so sit back and enjoy the show.' I started to fuck myself fast and hard until I had my first orgasm. I wasn't finished yet so I just reached down and massaged my own pussy while she watched. I noticed she was rubbing her clit while she was watching me. I knew she wanted more, so I buried two fingers inside myself and gave her a show while I brought myself to a second orgasm.
I said, "well here's your chance to play with yourself while somebody watches." Then I handed her the dildo. I watched as my baby sister buried my mother's dido deep in her pussy. Then I thought I would get her going and I said, "you do know you're fucking yourself with mommy's dildo, right? That's same one she puts in her pussy when nobody's around." Her face got very serious and she started pounding her pussy harder and harder until she let out a loud squeal and started to squirt all over the bed. It actually seemed like she was unable to stop, she just stared at me intently and kept cuming and cuming.
When she finally finished she said, you knew that statement was gonna put me over the edge, didn't you?" I just smiled and nodded my head.
I looked at her and said, "your pussy is soaked, you really came a lot." Then I said, " that's just the type of pussy I like to eat." I Laid face down in front of her and buried my face in her pussy. I ate her to yet another orgasm. At that point, both of our pussies were a little sore and we needed some rest. We cleaned up, washed the sheets and went out to dinner. It was an afternoon to remember but it wasn't enough, I needed to get all three of us in bed together. I cannot get the thought of my mother eating my sisters pussy out of my head. somehow I will make it happen, but for right now, I need more of my little sister.
When we got back from dinner I asked Krystina what she wanted to do, she said, "the same thing we did this afternoon."
I said, "I'm serious when I tell you, all I thought about during dinner was how you looked naked. I never thought I was bi-sexual, but you have made me rethink things. I've always loved seeing a naked woman, but being with you was life changing."
She responded with, "please don't be made when I tell you this, but when I masturbate, I'm usually thinking of you, I remember when we were younger and you used to run around the house naked or in your underwear. I guess that I've always been bi-sexual in my head, but until today I never had the nerve to act on it."
I told her how flattered I was that she masturbated to me and I've have had the same thoughts about her while playing with myself. Then I said, "I was high as shit this afternoon, but now I'm straight, so why don't you get out of those clothes so I can see you sober now and really enjoy what I'm looking at. I watched her stand up and strip down to her bra and thong. Once again she turned around but this time she kept her ass facing me. She bent over so I could see her ass with that thin string going between her cheeks. Then she slowly slid down her thong and unhooked her bra. As she turned back around I was looking at the perfect woman. She was beautiful, and her body just screamed fuck me, and that's exactly what I wanted to do.
She said, "judging by that look on your face, if you had a dick you would have a massive hard on right now."
I laughed and said "well the woman's equivalent to a hard on is a wet pussy, and right now I'm definitely wet.
She said, "Good, now let me see how wet you are, get naked bitch." I smiled, stood up from the chair that I was in and started to undress. I was wearing light blue panties and I thought it would be fun to leave them on and let her watch them get wet, so when I was naked except for my panties, I sat down. She said, "what's this, my pussy is hanging out and your's in hidden from view?"
I said, "You wanted to know how wet I was, so I thought I would show you." With that I started to rub my pussy over my panties. I was sitting on the sofa facing the easy chair that she was sitting in, so it gave us the perfect view of each other. I said, "It's kind of hard to see that cute pussy you have with your legs closed. She smiled and put one leg over each arm of the chair. Now I could see every inch of her pussy, or so I thought. I watched as she put a finger on each lip and spread her pussy open. If that wasn't enough, she gently played with each lip tracing each one up and down.
Krystina looked down at my hand that was feverishly rubbing my pussy and said, "Shit, you weren't kidding were you?" I looked down and my light blue panties were now dark blue from all the wetness coming from my pussy.
I simply said, I told you." Then I said, "now they're too wet and need to come off, unless you don't want me to." She got up, told me to stand up and when I do, she knelt in front of me and pulled them down. When they were off she gently pushed me back down on the sofa.
She said, "now that's the pussy I want to eat, nice and wet." Then her tongue disappeared inside my pussy. It felt a little embarrassing knowing how wet I was, but she seemed to be really enjoying it, so I spread my legs a little more to make it easier for her. As she was putting me in la,la land with her tongue, my thoughts went to my mother and how crazy this would be if she was here with us.
I said," it's time we switch, so put your pussy back in that chair and open up for me, it's my turn you greedy little girl. She went back to the chair and once again put a leg over each arm. While I was kneeling in front of her and looking right at that wide open pussy I said, "what do you think mom would say if she knew we were doing this?"
She said, "I was thinking the same thing." Then she said, "ok don't think this is weird, but I often think of what mom's pussy looks like. She still has an amazing body for her age, so I bet that pussy is still looking good too." I wanted so badly to let her know it was still perfect and it tasted just as sweet as her's, but I couldn't, at least not without mom's ok first.
I answered her by saying, "no it's not weird, I've thought about it too, and you're right, I bet it's still amazing, and just so you know, this is how I would eat her if she was here," and with that I started to eat her out. Just to get her going I said, "Mmmmm mom, your pussy tastes just as sweet as Krystina's, you can tell you're mother and daughter."
Not to be outdone she said, "oh honey, eat mommy's pussy and she pushed it harder in my face. I licked her clit so hard she had an orgasm pretty quick. I slowly made my way up her body with my tongue, stopping on her flat belly then up to her cute little tits. I sucked her tit's for a long time and she just sat there with her head back enjoying the feeling. When I was done, I straddled that hot body and faced her. I asked her how I did and she answered me by reaching under and putting two fingers inside me as I straddled her.
she was aggressively fingering me and when she saw me about to cum, she sat up and kissed me deep. As our tongues played with each other, I came all over her lap. My pussy was so sensitive, I reached down and pulled her hand away, but never breaking our kiss. We finally finished and broke apart. I looked at her and said, "we definitely need mom to join us, don't you think?"
She agreed and said, "that would be fucking amazing, but it would never happen." Little did she know. We went to bed together that night and my plan to get all of us together was playing in my mind. On to chapter 5.