Zach Pedigo was beyond exhausted. Yesterday was easy spraying indoor insulation only half a day, today not so much. Not to mention his ordeal with the Little Person. After siding an entire mobile home throughout the day he just wanted to relax.
Unlocking his apartment door he literally used his foot to prod it open. Turning the knob was even painful, having blisters on his hands. Gloves were just not useful when interlocking vinyl siding. As the door swung in he stepped into his apartment and kicked the door shut. Music blaring on his stereo to the tune of Skid Row's Youth Gone Wild, he realized that his roommate Heidi had dug into his cd stash. Puckering he looks at the couch and just collapses on to it. Beat was an understatement. He couldn't even take his boots off.
Quite aware of his return home Heidi Baker paraded from her bedroom dancing to the song wearing a recently put on pink G-string, her tits bouncing about to Sebastian Bach's vocal wailing. Feigning being caught off guard by seeing Zach home she ignored him at first, still grinding about like a stripper. Maybe there was a future in that trade. She was shameless. Of course, he did talk her into being nude more often when he got home just to let her feel the freedom she desired. It still blew his mind that knowing this young blond bombshell in under a week they acted as if they had known each other forever.
"TURN IT DOWN." He bellows over the music making her frown and lower the stereo's volume.
"What? Don't like hot teen ass shaking?" She sneers.
"It's not that. I'm just hurting everywhere. This job is a workout." He wasn't going to let her in on fucking his coworker Stormy. He just needed to relax.
"Awww! Poor almost evicted Tom. It's a bitch when you have to make a living isn't it?"
"At least I got a job quick. You might have been evicted even after you bailed me out. I can cover my half the rent now, well, in a few weeks." Again, he omitted the money Stormy paid him for sex. "I know I probably haven't said it Dove, but thank you."
"Whoa! Kindness? You already thanked me." She shuffles around the coffee table and sits next to him with her legs under her perfect little ass. "You do look rough."
"Tell me Kayla and Nasty aren't coming over tonight. I'm too tired to play."
"Nope. Not tonight. Kayla took your advice and actually landed a job today. They start her in the morning."
"No shit. What type of job?" He attempted to raise his right leg to untie his work boot but failed miserably. Giving up he sank more into a slouch and exhaled with a groan.
"A gardening shop. Cashier mainly." She pities Zach seeing his traumatizing struggle, "Here I'll take your boots off." She hops up and sits on the coffee tables edge and lifts his foot into her lap. Untying his boot she tugs a bit to remove it. Just the sensation of it's removal made Zach sigh loudly.
"You're a life saver."
"You owe me." She grins and proceeds to remove his other boot for a similar effect. "There! I did my good deed."
"You smell nice." He compliments her, "Takes away the smell of my sweaty feet."
"Quit sniffing you're not doing what you did to me last night. I've had time to think about that dick in me, not that it wasn't nice, but you hit me in a time of weakness Tom. You're right we can't take that any further." Not what her fantasy mere moments ago said. She could tell stories too.
"Too exhausted to even try Kid. My body is numb."
"Against my better judgment, I'll undress you if you need me to." She fidgets at her offer wondering why she suggested it. Oh, she knew. Darned fantasy.
"You just want me naked. By the way...you told me you'd be naked every night I got home. I see a slingshot."
"Close enough." She was five minutes earlier, "Like I said I agree with you what you said last night. While it's been fun, we need to keep things less interactive."
"Strip me Kid." He attempts to sit forward as she stands up leaning over him to tug at his t-shirt, her breasts dangling in front of his face. Struggling she sighs and halts her efforts.
"Straddling your lap. Don't even get touchy feely." She crawls into his lap right over his cock and again stretches over his back to grab the shirts hem to drag it up over his head, then escaping two very muscular arms. His hands found her hips the second the shirt came off. "What did I say?" She points at his nose.
"Sorry, just seemed natural."
"I am not Khloe, Nasty, or my sister. I'm your friend nothing more."
"I hear ya Princess."
"Good! Then kindly stop rubbing my legs." She eyes both of his hands caressing her outer thighs. She was getting goosebumps. His chiseled chest drew her eyes briefly and she found herself biting her lower lip.
"Pants too?"
"I told you I would help you." While still in her straddling pose she reaches down and unbuckles his belt, then lowers his zipper. More skin revealed itself, a thick patch of pubic hair disguised his hard on still beneath his jeans. Shifting her weight she stood up between his legs and set out in pulling his pants over his ass, then down his legs. Over each socked foot they went. As his dick snapped to attention she growled under her breath. "Stop that."
"Stop what?" He chuckled, "Getting hard over you?"
"Exactly."
"Y'know looking at ole' Hardy there I gotta say, since you've moved in he's gotten bigger than usual."
"Rigggggggght! Nice try Tom." She takes his pants and shirt to his bedroom, then wiggles back to place his boots by the front door. "All done. Can I turn the music back up? I like this mixed cd."
"Gonna dance for me?"
"You got twenties to stuff in my G-string? Oh, that's right you blew all your cash on buying me an egg vibrator." She laughed. "And, Batteries for my toy."
"Dance for me." He winks.
"Why? So you can get even more turned on?"
"Yeah, you're probably right, not a smart move. My hands are so blistered I couldn't even jerk off." He shows his palms to her, red and looking ugly.
"Holy crap Tom. How are you going to keep working like that?"
"No choice. Wearing gloves isn't easy when interlocking siding. I'll just band aid up."
"Now I wanna dance for you." She chuckles razzing him with her tongue, "I can torture you and you can't do anything about it."
"Evil."
"You know it." She pivots on her heel bending over the stereo fast forwarding tracks looking for a song she liked. Her heart shaped ass was already dancing a nice tight side to side garnering Zach's attention, eyes drawn to it like a magnet. She was perfection. Even her milky white skin was flawless, not a single mole anywhere. Not often did you find such exquisite skin without some type of bruising at least. Once she locates a song called Can't Shake It by Great White she jumps and keeps her back to him, the beat coaxing her muscles to react as she leers over her shoulder with a wild look in her eye. Swaying to the rhythm she slaps both butt cheeks at the same time, then digs her fingers beneath her G-string straps, tugging and shifting them about. Zach settled back and just let his dick get harder and harder. Something then dawned on him.
"Y'know, now that I think about it you remind me of the girl on the cover of that album. Remind me to show you when you're done toying with me."
"Toying? I haven't even begun to toy with you Tommy." She faces him holding her tits and shuffling them about. Taking a single step she climbs up on top of the sturdy coffee table and releases her tits in favor of running her hands through her hair seductively.
"Just why are you trying to turn me on when we both agreed to not going further than we did last night?"
"Because I can. It's time we had a talk old man."
"About?"
"The fact that we're both freaks. I'm not denying that you turn me on Tom. You do. Just like I know I drive you insane. I think I sensed that the day we met. I mean...come on, I let you jerk off over me only hours after I agreed to move in. I like a guy who isn't afraid to whip it out and shower me with affections." She giggled taunting him by pulling her G-string up inside her pussy lips.
"So, you like me."
"Not so fast. Like yes, but not enough to go all the way. Yes, I like being sexy for you. Basically for any guy though. Exhibitionist me enjoys getting guys hard and watching them jerk off."
"Glad I could help. So, you liked my silver bullet and making you wear it?"
"You literally putting it in me is what made me keep it in and endure it. Yes, I loved your gift. I'll wear it anytime you want me to. Even in public." She drags her G-string down leveling it on her hips to reveal her sunflower tattoo extending up from her clit.
"Why did you set me up with your sister and Nasty?"
"Because I like getting you worked up, like right now. Getting pretty purple there Chief." She uses her toe to touch the crown of his cock, nearly losing her balance in the process. Teetering she regains her dancing without too much effort. "You didn't fuck Kayla or Nasty at first. Why?"
"Just felt Kayla wasn't ready. Nasty? I wanted to see her pursue me, which she did, and I rewarded her in the shower."
"I heard. Bitch nearly shattered our shower doors screaming so loud."
"I had something to do with that." He grinned and folded his arms behind his head, wincing at tense muscles.
"Here's the thing Tom...I want you to think about fucking me 24/7 even though it's never gonna happen."
"You begged me to go back in after I put Hardy in that pussy, then took him out."
"Yet, you didn't. I told you the vibrating egg set the tone for my giving in. Now that it's said and done we can agree that it was for the best that it didn't continue." She makes the move of stepping from the coffee table to the sofa cushions next to him. In his centered posture on the cushions she found room to stand with one foot to each side of him. Dancing became difficult so she fell forward and placed her hands on his biceps, her tits dangling directly in his face. Nipples literally tickled his nose. "You want to kiss these tits don't you?" A lower side to side caress glides both nips over his lips.
"You know I do, but hey...just roomies."
"I never noticed just how hard your muscles were until now. Me likey." She sits down on his abs, her butt crack riding right up on his erection. From there she lifts away from his arms and sits pretty, pinching her nipples tight and deadly. Eying his chest she relocates her palms to his pecs and softly probes his chiseled body. "Me likey A LOT."
"For someone who doesn't want to have sex you're trying awful hard there Kid."
"Am I? I just want you to cum really hard for me...on me." She whispers with her lips near his ear.
"If you expect that you need to put your hands to use Dove. My hands are shot for tonight."
"Shit! I forgot. Just as well." She starts to climb off of him when his arms dart from behind his head to encircle her waist preventing any further escape. She flares her eyes at his sudden determination to keep her close. Lowering his arms he coils his fingers in her G-string straps. Slapping his chest she scowled. "You think holding my bands will keep me?"
"So far so good."
"I'm an escape artist Tommy." She arches backwards offering a succulent visual of her body as she lays back touching the table in front of them. Slithering out of her G-string became adventurous, his eyes enjoying her pussy slipping into full view as she crawls out of her G-string. It was pretty darn amazing to witness. Once free she sat on the coffee table pulling her legs behind her head before patting her fingers over her tight clam. "See? HoudiMe."
"Nice move. Pretty damned sexy in that pose."
"I know. Did I hurt your dick bending over it like I did?"
"Now that you mention it...ow." He winces in pain playfully.
"Do you think I have a cute pussy Tom?" Even in her contortion she reaches in and pries her pussy lips wide showing off a gloriously pink tunnel.
"Not as cute as your sisters."
"WHATEVER!" She laughs, "Are you wishing you could put Hardy in this pussy?"
"If I want it I'll take it."
"Oh really? Isn't that rape?"
"Not when you want it, and I KNOW you want it."
"Not really. Just your cum Codger. There's nothing better than being shot by hot streams of liquid fire. But, I guess that's out for tonight isn't it?"
"Unless you get those hands over here and do the dirty work."
"Be right back." She shows how strong her limbs are by somersaulting backwards over the table to land on her feet. Pushing up from the coffee table she stands upright and wiggles away. He rolled his eyes at how fucking horny he was. She was one hell of a seductress. While she was away he inhaled her G-string and growled.
"Christ! She smells like peaches, and I got the cream."
Returning with a bottle of lotion she wags the bottle before his eyes, "I'm feeling generous. Body massage?"
"Only if I can return the favor when my hands are less useless."
"Accepted." She pampers him with a bashful smile. "Stretch out on the couch."
"How about we take it to my bed? More room."
"I'm not sleeping in your bed Tom." Even though she had frolicked all over it before he came home. He didn't need to know that.
"You did last night."
"Yes, and you slept in my bed. Not together."
"Did I ask you to sleep next to me?"
"Not yet." She laughed.
"I just want to stretch out comfortably." He seemed sincere enough to give her a reason to believe him. With a timid scowl she conceded.
"Fine! Let me help you up."
"Already done that." He points at his dick. Without her help he manages to stand up, holding his lower back with an irritable look. "Fuck my back hurts."
"I can walk on it. I painted my toenails before work today so I might look really adorable trampling you."
"If I get on the floor to let you do that I'll be sleeping there until morning." He shuffles slowly around the coffee table and aims for his bedroom, she followed behind him with concern.
"You gonna be able to work tomorrow?"
"Not much choice. It was tough holding my handlebars on the Harley even. I might call Stormy and see if she'll give me a ride tomorrow." Chuckling at having sex with the midget wrestler earlier when she rode his face.
"I wish I had a car to help. I do have a drivers license but I can't afford a car. That's on my to do list."
"I'll manage. Go heat that lotion."
"Ummm! It might explode. It's not oil."
"Remind me to buy some after we pay rent again."
"Are you going to blow every paycheck at an adult bookstore?" She sighs.
"Looks bad doesn't it?" He reaches the doorway then looks back at her with a sad expression, "Sorry if it seems like..."
"Like what? That we're lovers?" She frowns and gently rubs his back, "Get over it Old Timer. We're just two perverts in a pod. I get off torturing you, and so do you. Oh, I might bring that guy Weaver home here soon. You okay with that?"
"The boy at the mall?"
"Yep. That is if he wants to. I've only flirted with him but I know he's interested. He's really cute in a goth kind of way." She laughs, "He has pink hair, mohawk even."
"I recall. Met him remember?"
"Oh, Yeah, he's sexy hot though. I need laid it's been awhile, not counting your forced entry and hasty exit." She laughs. Truth be told it hadn't been that long, a mere two days before she showed up at his door.
"Good, I kind of feel bad about that."
"No you don't." She nudges him into his bedroom, "You liked making me gasp at that big cock going in me. I've had bigger but you're pretty close there Swinger."
"Swinger?"
"Side to side as you walk."
"You must study it a lot."
"Of course I do. I love seeing a huge cock get excited by me. Even if it doesn't get me."
"We both know it's always going to get riled up around you Dove. You're too damned sexy to ignore."
"Flattery will only get you a massage Tom."
"Every inch?"
"All but eight inches." She chuckles.
"Almost nine."
"Get in bed slowpoke."
"You'd like it if I hit you slow and sensual."
"Not gonna happen."
"We'll see." He winks and carefully crawls into bed, collapsing on to his belly. She climbs in next to him and helps reposition him so that she has plenty of room on both sides of his large frame.
"Keep dreaming Stud. Just be thankful I find you enough pussy to keep you happy. Three girls and we've only known each other a few days. Three for three Matchmaker me."
"Gonna keep finding me girls? You and Khloe seem close. Do I need to find more?"
"Never enough Princess. She and I have a healthy understanding."
"And, Cleo?"
"Same. I call they cum."
"Nice. See I could never be like that. I like being in control."
"Uh huh! You just keep lining up the pussy."
"I'll do my best." She squirts lotion on his back and sets the bottle aside. Leaning over him she begins rubbing along his spine and working her way to his shoulders and neck. "Obviously, I can't find a new girl every day, but between Nasty, Khloe, Cleo and Kayla you should get worn out pretty fast."
"I'm still gonna jizz on you every night."
"Strangely, I'm good with that." She laughs and puts her weight into her massage technique.
"You have some strength hiding in there Dove. Keep that up."
"Long as I can. Might need small breaks, but...I won't let my hands leave your body when I do."
"Second skin, huh?"
"Sure. Can I suggest something?"
"I'm listening."
"Without sex...I'll let you touch me anytime you want to. As long as I can do the same."
"Even when your pink punk is here?"
"Be nice he might be your future son-in-law...DAD!" She laughs and leans further over him letting her nipples tickle his shoulder.
"Still stuck on this Daddy daughter scam aren't you?"
"It's kind of fun making people think that we're related. Like when you wanted my picture to show your boss. You even told me you told them I was your daughter. Why?"
"Cleo's mother Angel wants me bad. I figured she wouldn't wanna come over if I had a daughter at home. Her husband lets her do whoever she wants. Me? I'd rather have her daughter Cleo."
"I'm cool if you bring girls home that I don't know. Only fair right? By the way, I met Angel today. She and Cleo came by to get her nails done and to meet your cute daughter."
"Oh boy! Are you scarred for life?'
"No." She laughed. "Angel seems cool. I'm really liking Cleo. Good choice Dad."
"You gonna keep trailing my back with those nipples?"
"You like it." She huffs, working on the back of his neck.
"Never answered my question. Am I allowed to touch you even if your punk is here?"
"Ehhh! Might scare him off if Dad touched his kid inappropriately. Maybe as long as he doesn't see it."
"When you say touch...that include my dick rubbing on you?"
"On yes, in no." She snickers.
"My lips allowed to kiss on you?"
She hesitates briefly to consider it, "I get really turned on when my neck gets kissed. You talking kissing my nipples?"
"Nipples...clit...your mouth." He chuckles.
"Might not go that far. Don't expect me to kiss your dick."
"You said anything, anywhere."
"When we're alone I can agree to that I guess. As long as you get really worked up and shoot your load on me. That's my fetish, I love cum on me. I'm a freak."
"You can sit on my ass if it helps the massage angle.'
"Planned on that anyway. Don't rush me." She rears back retrieving the lotion bottle and coats his back again, this time dribbling over his ass cheeks and legs. From there she massaged the back of his legs, eying an extremely bulbous scrotum. Tickling his balls she giggles, "Looking pretty full in the gas tank there Tom."
"All yours Princess."
"Thank you Daddy." She playfully offers a childlike voice.
"Gonna say it again...I'm glad you decided to be my roommate. Now that the shyness is gone it feels really comfortable having you here."
"Doesn't take me long to get past things." She begins kneading at his ass cheeks, teasing his butthole with a roaming index finger. "You into kinky stuff?"
"You put that finger in my ass I'm putting my fist up your cunt."
"Whoooaaa! Relax there Tom Thumb. I'm too tight for a fist the size of yours. Dare you to do that to Nasty though."
"She into that?"
"No idea, but it'd be funny to see her reaction. You do have an adorable pucker Tom." She circles his anus tenderly then departs. Deciding now to cast her leg over his hips and straddle his muscular backside. Her backrub intensified as she lowers over his body to lay on it, tits mashing against his shoulders. "How am I doing?"
"Pretty darn awesome. This what they call Kama Sutra? Definitely relaxing the tension. Ready for the frontal when you are."
"So, your pecs even ache?" She snorts.
"Every inch Dove."
"I was just getting comfy." She sits up straight and bounces her ass over his. He could feel her wetness dampening his flesh. With a growl he rolls over under her gentle lift. Settling on his back she sits down on his upper thighs, his dick tall and mighty between her spread. Peering down at it wagging she flares her eyes. "Damn boy!"
"Massage me."
Exhaling nasally she trickles more lotion all across his chest down into his pubic hair. Once coated she casts the bottle aside and leans over him, her tummy nudging his boy Hardy forward until it pressed against his abdomen. Heidi's palms prowled his muscles with interest, fingers kneading amid his chest hair. Meeting eyes she goes without blinking in favor of almost a staring contest. He lost.
"God you're beautiful." He hisses. She merely stares at him.
"Loving these muscles Old Timer."
"Rub your pussy over my dick like I did you last night."
"Don't try anything Tom. I'm game as long as you can control yourself."
"I wanna feel your wetness on my dick."
Scooting higher she bites her lower lip, studying his reaction as she molds her pussy lips around his girth and gyrates slowly. He began to reach for her hips but she pointed for him to keep his hands to himself. As she palms his chest with both hands she rises and falls along his shaft, glossing it up under her succulence. It made her close her eyes while letting out a soft sigh, nails gently digging into his skin.
"Fuck this feels good." She whispers, using his crown to taunt her clit.
"Pussy is hot Dove. You getting tempted?"
"Yes..." She melts with an emotional yearning. Her act changing swiftly to, "Had you going didn't I? You thought I was going to cave and fuck you."
"Nights not over." He winks.
"This pig in a blanket is though." She backs off and fans herself with both hands. "Gonna do your legs now." Crawling off of him Heidi turns around, casting her leg back over to sit on his abdomen. With her back to him she rolls her eyes and holds her breath. In her thoughts she whimpers, "Who's torturing who here? SHIT! SHIT! SHIT!" Lotioning his legs more she leans over his cock and lets her tits tease it, stretching out to massage his legs down to the kneecaps. In her layover he defies her and rubs her ass lightly, his hands in agony wouldn't let him grip her cheeks. As she had done earlier to him he places an index finger into her butt pucker making her jump and shriek. "Don't you dare." Instead he circles her hole as she had him, giving her goosebumps.
"Delicious looking ass Dove." She does a quick twerk, not her finest moment she laughs. Noting how much her clam glistened he toys with her pussy watching tiny squirts attack his touch. She drops her head on to his upper thighs and moans softly. Hearing her, and feeling her body tighten up Zach makes a bold move and uses what little strength he had to lift her hips and legs and drag her 120 pound body back over his chest. Against her will she finds her pussy directly over his face.
"TOM!" She yelps feeling his tongue digging inside her. Helpless she realizes his dick was in her face. Grimacing at it's massive attack along her chin and cheek she whines, "Toooooommmmm!" His tongue was winning her over. Fingers moving over her ass he pries her butt cheeks apart and grips her tightly. Oh, the pain in his fingers was worth it. "Fuuuuuuuuuccccck!" She rallies with a thunderous huff, he was going to make her cum on his face. That would be twice today after Stormy. Squirming on top of him she bulges her eyes at dealing with his cock smacking her face, the memory of joining him in the shower hit home.
"Massage me." He lifts away from her thighs to remind Heidi of her unfinished job. In her delightful dilemma she reaches out and rubs his legs again, his dick pelting her cheeks with vigor in the process. Giving in she just grips his cock and begins stroking him, her eyes wonderous at her lapse in judgment. Whimpering she relaxes her own muscles and begins jerking him with both hands. This was not how she planned things. Not that she was bitter, or complaining. No, she was reeling at his attentiveness, which fueled her desire to make Zach happy. Head resting on his thigh she watched her hands do their best work to date. It was those gigantic balls that kept jiggling near her temple that drew her in. His groans made her conclude that he liked her efforts.
"SHIT! Tom...I'm gonna..." Frozen in time Heidi Baker had an orgasm, her jaw wide and in awe of his ferocious hunger. Still he ate her even as she floods his expression. The stimulations making her hands work that much harder to compensate leads her lips toward his balls. Nibbling and tugging at them as she nurtured his beast. She was not escaping his folded arms around her waist holding her down over him. For a brief moment she panicked, then, just as swiftly lost her mind and began sucking his cock. Deep in her throat she relished in it's fullness and gagged, yet maintained her constricting throat muscles, a blessing that she had her tonsils removed at age 5. She enjoyed his girth and size beyond her imaginings. Feeling him tense and snarl she pulls away and marvels at his crown. Jerking him insanely hard she hovers over him until he detonates a string of creamy strands peppering her face in multiple shots. She just could not stop jacking him for every droplet. In her mouth, on her cheeks, chin, and brow, her entire face was milked up. Laughter made her sane. "I NEED A SELFIE!"
Tossing her off of him like she had cooties he rolls over and fluffs his pillow. Looking back at him she creases her brow, licking her lips of minty cream.
"Are you going to sleep?"
"Yep. Go to your room young lady."
"Seriously?"
"You got your cream Kitten, time for beddy bye."
"It's early." She crawls further off of him. Sitting up she wipes cum on her fingers and eats every drop. Hearing him snore she could not believe he was out so fast. "Fucking old farts." She got up and took her lotion with her, leaving him to sleep it off.
Heidi Baker shuffled to her bedroom fidgeting at being jilted to a degree. Her response was to snatch up her dildo vibrator and drop down on to her futon mattress. Legs wide she massaged her clit and introduced her toy, just using it without it's wiggling vibrator mode. It took two minutes before she was moaning at how good she felt, then she hit the switch. The power surge brought out a more vocal symphony.
In his bedroom Zach was not really asleep, having only dosed a few short minutes after cumming so hard, now he merely curled up listening. He heard her mutter, "Ohhhhh Zach." No Tom in the house that time he puckered at her admittance to his real name. Sitting up in bed awkwardly he continued overhearing her cries of ecstasy, the kid had lungs, not to mention an angelic singing voice.
Easing from his bed with a wince he quietly went first to his dresser to obtain a couple Tylenol to ward off his back pain. His attention went to popping both pills without a water chaser. With a bitter expression on his face he licked his lips and rediscovered Heidi's taste. Even after a good ten minutes or longer it was yummy. Looking down at his boy Hardy as he respectfully referred to his cock, he noted a revival. Hearing Heidi's continual repetition of shrill howls he tiptoed to his opened bedroom door and peered across the hall into her room. Gloomy but still with a bit of skylight offering dusk he watches her. She had moved from her back to her hand and knees, ass in the air while using her toy the best she could with one hand. It looked tedious.
Smirking as he stroked his dick he made the silent journey into her room and stood behind her, Heidi in her own world had no idea of his presence. In her slouched upper body angle Heidi's silky blond hair had toppled over her face obstructing her view, which was scarlet and tormented by sensation after sensation. Even saliva formed into tiny spatters of spit each time she squealed. She was a thing of pure pleasure to Zach's thoughts. Just watching her made him defy his hand agony to jerk off harder and faster, trying to keep his reaction quiet by gritting his teeth. Not wanting to interrupt her private moment, he realized his hands were not as sore as they were. That or his adrenalin was making the pain temporarily go away. Time would tell.
The observation of her dildo entering and emerging with a stretch of pink interior each time made him sweat. Calling out his name again with him in the room this close was not in her best interest. Rubbing his chin stubble he crouches behind her tempted to take her dildo and use it on her, she was struggling with it. Tug of war in his thoughts, should he ruin her moment? Should he back out and leave her to her fantasy? Should he just fuck her until she admitted how badly she had wanted him all along? It wasn't helping his decision when she promptly muttered, "Fuck me Zach. Stretch my pussy to it's limits." Did he just hear that? Squinting his eyes he studies her face from the side. Her eyes were closed what he could tell. Choosing honor Zach Pedigo took a seat behind her and let her bring herself to a devastating climax. Gusher after gusher she stained her bedding. The echo of, "ZZZZZZZAAAACCCCCCH!" rang loud before she collapses into a riot of convulsions. It was amazing watching every tremble, every twitch, from her butt, to the dildo still lingering inside her without a hand to hold it. She was exhausted and spent.
Noticing her lotion bottle on the floor next to her futon mattress he grinned. Carefully reaching over her he picked it up and filled his hand in lotion. Silently he moved in next to her and began to caress her body, starting at her shoulders. Her reaction to his touch seemed delayed almost as if unwanted in her spasm. Settling down she felt him sweep her hair aside to avoid the lotion. The tenderness was welcomed.
"Shut off my toy." She managed to mumble. He ignored her knowing it was still wiggling a bit inside her, instead he pushed it back in deeper. She tensed up instantly, enduring it she allowed her massage to proceed. Zach was devious indeed. Without words he massaged her entire backside, spending time over her tight little ass and again teasing her butt pucker. She sighed heavily then made a realization that lifted her head feeling stupid. "You heard me call out your name."
He didn't reply, he merely added lotion to her legs and continued to her feet. Ticklish she jerked within his grasp but buried her head into her pillow to resist the urge to tell him to stop. That damned dildo was destroying her hyper sensitive G-spot again, eyes fluttering she moans and curses into her pillow for a muffled, "FUCK!" Each time her thigh muscles lost traction on the toy letting it slip, Zach nudged it back into place more powerful than ever. She was losing her mind.
Zach knew what he was doing to her, her body was squirming with a trapped desire, wanting out but staying in check. Taking her foot to his mouth he sucked her toes, she gasped and pounded her fists into her pillow, squealing softly at his expertise. Feeling her next orgasm creeping up fast she took her second pillow and covered her head entirely to mask her energetic cries. Without expression he monitored her body writhing and reached over with a free hand to press a single middle finger in the quick of her spine, just above her butt crack. It was almost as if an authority took over in her mind, a measure to stay on course. That simple contact sent her body through dimensions, spiraling out of control, breath held, mouth wide beneath her pillow.
The flood erupting from Heidi Baker's cunt sent her toy swooshing out like a fish out of water wiggling about, her persistent convulsions firing two more streams to follow. Zach continued sucking her toes and holding his middle finger firmly on her lower back. As she began to fall silent Zach lowered his finger toward her crack as if taking baby steps. Each move she lifted her ass a fraction higher. Holding her toes between his clenched teeth he freed up his other hand to remove her dildo out of the way and cease it's quivering. Tossing it aside, he took his hand and planted a finger up to her juicy hole and found her swollen clit. Just lightly touching it sent her into theatrics, juices spilling over his knuckles. Using his right leg he guides her own legs wider and scoots up between her thighs more. In a contortion of her left leg lifted over her ass he continued sucking her toes, touching her clit with light compresses, and pressing that middle finger precariously close to her anus. The final equation led to his erection caressing her labia. Juices were never ending.
Should he?
She wasn't begging him not to. Not this Tom...time. Breathing held Heidi pondered his next step. She had exhausted her reservoir of resistance. Zach was going to fuck her. She just knew it. Too tired to tell him no she merely trembled at his probes, awaiting the inevitable. Releasing her toes he let her foot drop to his side, only it decided on caressing Zach's hip carefully, as if thinking on it's own. His crown snuggled deeper into her wetness and his tapping middle finger seemed to coax her hips higher. The pressure on her clit encouraging a lift. Her mind found it inspirational. In the end she moved to her knees and lay as she had when using her toy behind her back. It was then that Zach pushed forth, his near nine iron snaking slowly into her cunt. Again Heidi squealed in the concealment of her pillows. Balls deep she gasps and crushes her pillow tightly. It felt fucking awesome, both of his fingers still controlling her position and poise. Dramatic pause he doesn't move for over two minutes. Her mind was off the charts crazy by now. Tossing her pillow off her head she moans, "Do it Zach."
Instead he removes his fingers from both clit and spine and grabs her hips for a monumental pry of her ass cheeks just to see his embedded cock stretching her pink pussy to its limits. He wanted to slap her ass but knew the extra agony on his palms might not be so kind in their current irritations. Instead he released her mounded bottom and slid his palms up her back crawling over her. Hardy still deep inside her he uses his arms to drag Heidi against his chest and follow his lead on to his side. Kissing her shoulder he whispers, "Wake me up at 6:00."
"What?" She bulged her eyes, "You're going to sleep with me?"
"At least, it's not the other way around. You didn't wanna sleep in my bed with me."
"You're...not going to fuck me?"
"Too tired. Let's just cuddle."
"With your dick in me?"
"Not removing it."
Awestruck she whimpers with a competing pout. Mind blown she felt him nuzzle her neckline and drift off to sleep. Even out cold his dick never went down. Frozen in time at his brazen move she accepted her fate and reached carefully for her cell to set the alarm. Biting her lip she chose to take a selfie of him snuggled up to her. Eying the photo she smiled. Contentment crept over her soul. Like a second skin she melded back into him. Eyes closing to bask in the moment she feels her cell vibrate and cautiously looks at an incoming text. It was from the gorgeous nurse Khloe Vaughn.
"Is it bad of me to say I can't wait to fuck your Dad?" She wrote.
Heidi sighs and fidgets setting her cell aside without replying.
"That makes two of us."
Her thoughts were troubled but clearer than ever.
"Time to amp up the tension...Tom."
Heidi was on a mission.
"Night Zach."
Upon her final whisper Heidi fell asleep in his arms. Her pussy keeping his dick warm. His dick would not go limp.
Probably a one time thing, right?