One — Interruption
Nate and Rachel had lived on the third, or top, floor of the duplex for the last two years. They moved in just after getting married when they were both about twenty-four. A garage was on the first, or ground, floor with a small apartment behind it and a common-area laundry room tucked away as well. The two main apartments were above that, on the second and third floors. A long staircase outside led from the sidewalk to the front door. The lower apartment's door was right inside, and the upper apartment's door was at the top of another flight of stairs.
The downstairs neighbors had begun employing a maid service a month or two earlier. Nate, who worked from home, would hear them every other Monday, going into the apartment downstairs. He hadn't yet managed to look out the front windows to confirm, but by the sound of it, it was a team of two women. They usually arrived in the late mornings. As far as he could tell, the voices had sounded the same the three or so times they'd come. They'd be chatting away as they bundled their gear into the place. He'd hear them faintly through the floor as they buzzed around, and then, after about forty minutes or so, they'd clatter off. Eventually, he stopped noticing them.
One Monday morning, he was settled in at the kitchen table to plow through dozens of emails and prepare for a video chat with clients on the West Coast later that day. But he was distracted. Rachel had gotten unusually wild when they'd had sex the night before, and he found he was horny again, or maybe still horny.
He'd watched Rachel shower that morning as they talked about their plans for the week. He tried to initiate a quickie after she'd towelled off. She was still naked, putting on makeup, and he came up behind her, cupping her breasts. He had been wearing only a bathrobe, which he opened and pressed his hardening cock against her ass. "Just bend over a little more..." he suggested.
Rachel said, "Oh honey, I'm so sorry! I have to go, I'm so incredibly late... Tonight, okay? We'll play a little tonight!"
He pulled his robe closed, and said, "More of what we did last night..."
She smiled, and kissed him long and hard, feeling his eager hard-on with her hand through the robe. "Yes, please!" she said, then she rushed to her closet to dress in a hurry.
He saw Rachel off, and went to take his own shower. In his distracted state, he didn't remember to lock the apartment door behind her.
Later, he plugged his MP3 player into the stereo in the living room and queued up his workday playlist, and settled down to work, still wearing only his bathrobe. But he kept thinking about Rachel, and her lovely breasts, and her talented mouth, and her sweet hands, and her narrow but meaty ass...
Soon, he was completely hard. He pulled open his robe and began stroking his cock as he read through emails. But it was no good. He wasn't taking anything in. He shed his robe, and went down the hall to the guest room. He lay down on the daybed and started jerking off. From the hallway, without entering the room, someone would have only been able to see his lower half, from his cock to his feet.
If he had stayed in the kitchen, or if the music had been a little quieter, he would have heard one of the women out in the stairwell say, "You go back to the car and get the vacuum, I'll get started."
The other woman replied, "Which apartment?"
The first one said, "The notes say second floor. I guess that's up there."
He would have heard someone climbing the stairs and opening the unlocked apartment door.
Instead, he lay back, eyes half open, fixed on his erection. He could take all morning, so he wanted to make this last. With his left arm over his head, he caressed his cock slowly and lightly with his right hand. Then he would squeeze the base to make the veins stand out.
The first maid, Natalie, walked into the apartment. She and her partner were substitutes for the regular team. She was probably about twenty-one. Her long wavy hair was bound up in a ponytail. She carried a bucket with bathroom cleaning supplies. She wore thick sneakers and so could walk over the hardwood floors silently. The main bathroom was across from the guestroom. When she got to the bathroom, she glanced over into the guestroom, and saw Nate's naked form. His hard-on was straining in his hand as it slid up and down the shaft.
She stopped dead. She held her breath and watched the man's hand work its way up and down. She'd had slept with a few men before, but she'd never seen a man masturbating. She could feel her pussy getting damp. She leaned against the doorframe. Almost without knowing it, her free hand drifted up to cup one of her breasts.
The other maid, Barb, was in her sixties. She came in, set down the vacuum, and saw Natalie down the hall, transfixed by something in a room, her hand on her breast.
Natalie heard Barb setting the vacuum down, and looked back. Her hand jumped away from her boob. She gestured for Barb to be quiet, then motioned her to come over. Barb approached, and Natalie pointed.
"Oh my god!" Barb blurted before she could stop herself.
Nate jumped a mile, lept off the daybed, and spun around to face the two women standing in the doorway.
Barb had averted her eyes, but Natalie was staring at his penis as it pointed right at her. Without realizing it, she licked her lips and had to swallow from the sudden surge of saliva in her mouth.
"What the fuck—?" Nate tried to cover his erection. "Who the hell are you?" he cried.
"We're the maid service," Barb said, still looking away.
"Wrong apartment!" Nate said.
"Sorry," and Barb retreated hastily.
Natalie was motionless, staring openly at his cock, poorly hidden behind Nate's hand.
"Hey," he snapped.
"Oh. God! Sorry..." But all she did was drag her eyes slowly up his naked form, met his eyes, then, almost against her will, looked back down. She licked her lips again. "Sorry we interrupted..."
Nate swallowed hard. "Hold on," he managed to whisper huskily.
He took the hand that had been trying to hide his cock and grasped it instead. He gave it several long steady strokes, then a series of frantic strokes. And within a few seconds, he came.
The first thick dollop flew the three feet that separated them, landing on the wood floor at her feet, then the next three or four steadily further away. Her eyes widened, and she gasped. The last of his cum dribbled out over his fingers as he held his cock still for her.
"Natalie!" Barb called from the stairwell.
"I have to go," Natalie whispered. She looked down at the thick white pools of cum on the floor. "But what a mess. Maybe you need a maid service to clean it up."
She smiled, blushing, and hurried away.
Two — Answering the Door
Six or seven months later, Rachel was getting ready for a business trip when Nate began to come down with a bad cold or maybe the flu. Rachel rarely traveled for work, so when she did, it was always extremely important. "There's no way I can stay home to take care of you," she said. "Will you be okay?"
"I'll be fine," he assured her. He was stretched out on the couch in the living room. "I'll sleep out here. The TV can keep me company."
They made sure they were stocked with all the comforts: dry soup, crackers, juice, tons of tissues, Nyquil, stuff like that. She caught a taxi to the airport, and she was gone for a week.
The cold took most of the week to run its course, but not before it had wracked him with a fever. Even after the worst of it, he couldn't regulate his temperature, so he was either sprawled naked or wrapped in his heavy winter bathrobe huddling under lots of blankets.
The last day he was alone was a Monday. He had slept fitfully the night before. At dawn, he'd taken another dose of Nyquil. He kicked off the blankets and his robe and, nude with limbs akimbo, had finally fallen into a deep sleep. He didn't wake up until late that morning, to the sound of footsteps and a voice on the stairs. He was very woozy and disoriented. His penis was full but not yet completely hard. Thinking it was Rachel coming home, he staggered up off the couch.
He couldn't make out what Rachel was saying as she climbed the stairs. She must have been on the phone, but since there seemed to be two voices, she must have been on speaker. The door handle jiggled, and a key was scratching at the lock. "Coming," he said, and pulled the door open wide.
It wasn't Rachel.
Two maids stood there, one on the small landing and the other a step or two up. They were loaded down with cleaning supplies. The closer one had a key in her hand. Because they were both a few steps down, their faces were essentially level with his groin. His morning wood bobbed and stared at them. They stared back.
He'd never seen these women before. At some point, he'd finally spotted the regular team, and these were not them. And it wasn't Barb and Natalie, either. The one holding the key was absolutely stunning. Her tits filled the uniform and tried overflowing out the top. She was pale with full lips, a pert nose, and heart-shaped face framed by a thick mess of curly dark hair cut short, so it flaired out in all directions. The uniform accented her narrow waist and full hips. He guessed she was in her early twenties.
The other was very tall and pale. Despite being a few steps further down, she too was right at crotch level. She was thin with only a very slight flare to her hips. She looked like she was in her late forties. She was also quite beautiful, with a long sad face and lovely tapered fingers. Nate was stunned by the contrast between the two of them and simply gazed at them, giving them each a long once-over, as if he was trying to memorize their figures.
"Whoa!" the curvy one exclaimed, pulling her hand with the key back, since it was only inches from his slightly drooping erection.
"Sorry, sir," the thin one said, "but we're, ah, we're here to clean the apartment...?"
His heart was racing from the surprise, and his cock bounced with his pulse. But he had no idea he was naked, despite the fact that they were both staring right at his crotch.
The seconds crawled by as they waited for him to respond. Instead, with the patient attention of someone deeply stoned or on very strong meds, he wordlessly turned his attention to the gorgeous, curvy maid. To their amazement, they watched as his scrotum quickly tightened up and his lazy half-erection climbed rapidly back up to full, straining stiffness.
The curvy maid swallowed hard, knowing that she had caused this sudden and dramatic reaction, and felt her pussy getting wet. Despite being mortified and blushing deeply, both maids were mesmerized. A glistening drop of clear fluid emerged with agonizing slowness from the tip of his cock. They watched, stunned, as it drooled down to the floor in a long shimmering thread.
"No," he finally slurred, all the while staring unabashedly at the curvy one's cleavage, "Wrong apartment." His eyes drifted up her long throat and met her eyes. "Downstairs."
This broke the spell, and the maids blinked and mumbled more apologies as they rushed back down the stairs.
In his torpor, he leaned out to look down at them as they fumbled into the apartment below. The curvy one threw one last look up the stairs. Their eyes met, then she dropped her gaze down to his crotch. In that instant, he finally noticed his erection, dripping more and more precum. "Oh shit!" he exclaimed. He jumped back into his apartment and slammed the door.
He hurried to the couch. He lay on his back and masturbated frantically. He came barely a minute later, with astonishing force. The first jet of cum actually reached his ear. He lay there for a few minutes, then without even knowing it, fell back into a heavy sleep.
Rachel found him like that several hours later when she got home: flat on his back, snoring away, his arms over his head, his cock flopped to one side, and dried cum caked on his throat, chest, and stomach.
She put down her bags, went to the bathroom, and returned with a washcloth soaked with hot water. She gently towelled him off, and only then did he finally stir.
"Hello, dear," she smiled. "Looks like you're starting to feel better. But you trashed the place! We should talk to the neighbors downstairs about their maid service. Maybe we need them up here, too."