Sinful was born.
My innocent wife found a job at a strip joint and loved it. I never would have thought in my wildest dreams that she would do this with absolutely no prompting from me. Shows that you don't always know what you think you know.
A day turned into a week. Every night when she got home we had sex. Every room in the apartment was christened with every way we could imagine. I woke up with her sucking my cock every morning. She would slide it all the way down her throat, put pressure on with her lips, pull out slowly, then hum as soon as it cleared her airway. My God, what a sensation.
One day we were walking through a shopping mall together. She moved just ahead of me and stopped directly in front of me abruptly. When I banged into her lovely butt, her hand darted into my shorts and grasped my cock and held on. We were in a crowd and she was milking my dick. It responded immediately to the attention she was giving it, but the attention we were getting from the crowd worried me. Cindy on the other hand, was enjoying it immensely, and her hand action sped up accordingly. I had to drag her out of my pants. Talk about mixed emotions.
I knew from past experience that strippers or dancers as they prefer to be called, generally claim that there is no excitement. All men are pigs, etc. Well, my wife embraced the stage. She couldn't get enough of it. She was in orgasm heaven. She told me that when they looked, she felt their eyes stroking her whole body. Her pussy was on "automatic"
She told me about her first lap dance. This guy, about 25 or so asked her to dance for him when she thanked him for his tip when she was on stage. She wasn't sure how far she was allowed to go. She knew the rules, but had she watched enough going on to know that the rules didn't necessarily apply. She had seen girls touching, being touched and even watched a sexy blond making out with a customer off in a corner like a teenager in the back seat.
Nervously, she took his hand and led him off into an area in the back slightly less public and sat him down in an easy chair. They spoke for a minute, waiting for the next song to start. He raved about her performance on stage and said he knew she was having fun.
The first song began. She stood up and looked down at him. Keeping time with the music, she slowly removed her top, then pushed her filmy shorts and g-string down her legs. She could feel the pulse of the music and moved her hips in time as she deftly slipped between his legs.
He touched her then. She felt his hands on her waist and covered them with her own. At first she held them in place while she danced for him. She was worried that if she let him roam, she would lose control.
The music and his attention were catching up with her. She moved his hands up and down her sides, feeling the fire. She let them go, and slowly turned her back on him and rolled her soft butt in his face, down his chest and sat in his lap. She leaned back, pressing in to his body and continued to twist and turn with the music.
She could feel his hardening cock pressing into her ass. She felt his hands moving up her body tentatively, as if he didn't know how far he could go. She knew that she didn't want this to be over yet. The song ended. She again put her hands over his, but this time she slid them up and placed one on each of her luscious breasts and asked him if he wanted to stop now.
He told her to continue. His hands were caressing her tits. His hard cock was trying to burst through his pants. She could feel it pulsing beneath her as she slid back and forth on it. She wanted that cock loose, but was afraid that she would get caught. She reached behind her and stroked it through the cloth. She knew that it would fit very nicely in her wet, wet pussy.
She felt his hands both drifting downwards. She loved the feelings that were coursing through her body as he touched her. She also knew that penetration of any kind was grounds for firing. She stopped him just as he touched the fine hair guarding her entrance.
The second song ended. He told her to continue.
She stood up in front of him when the third song started. She danced. She knew she was as hot as she had ever been, and her heat was reflected in her dancing. People were watching her now, all over the club. She could feel the eyes again. Her customer reached out and grabbed her ass when she turned her back on him.
She moved back between his legs and bent forward. He leaned forward and kissed her ass as she danced. She felt his tongue moving into the crack, searching for an entrance. Just as he found her delicate little rosebud, she pulled away from him again. She knew this was going to go too far if she stayed close to him. Her body was screaming for release and there was a hard cock just inches away.
She sat back down on him, this time facing him, on her knees, one knee on each side. He immediately pulled her to him and his lips engulfed a nipple, sucking her into his mouth and assaulting her with his tongue.
In this position nobody could see her playing with his cock. She ran her fingers up and down on it. It was a nice cock. She didn't dare unzip him and bring it out in the open. She knew she would have to ride it if she did that. She moved up tight against him. His hard cock was right at her pussy now. She could feel it pulsing beneath her as she rocked her hot cunt back and forth on it.
He was licking and sucking her other tit now, as his hips started thrusting to meet her cadence. They were fucking now for all intents and purposes, even though he was fully dressed. All of a sudden she froze. She could feel a massive orgasm coming. Her body started to vibrate as it blossomed, spreading from her pussy in a rush to engulf her entire being. She felt his dick pulsing too. She knew she had pushed him to cumming as she did. She could feel the stain spreading at the entrance to her hot love tunnel. She smiled.
The music paused. She told him she had lost count, but that it was probably 5 or 6 at least at $10.00 each. He handed her a hundred dollar bill and told her that it was worth more.
She said, "Thank you. I enjoyed it too," took his hand and led him back to his seat at the bar.