It started when I was commuting to work along a major interstate that skirts the city. Men blatantly check me out as they drift ahead and back in amongst the traffic.
Business attire works well with my short, layered sandy hair. I wear a lightweight dress coat over thin turtleneck sweaters that nicely hug my upper half. The top stretches over my medium, ski-jump sloped breasts with upturned nipples at the tips. Fat teardrop bottoms fill out any sweater from all angles except directly behind. I got my slim ass and legs back in shape quickly after a kid as if I'd never had one.
My commuter bubble car sits fairly low and has tall windows all around, anyone in an SUV or other tall vehicle can look in like an aquarium.
Traffic got backed-up and stopped at one point so I took the opportunity to slip out of the suit jacket. I noticed a man to my right staring at my chest as I arched my back to slip it off. My tits were split by the shoulder belt that was pressing into my cleavage, further conforming the fabric over each breast. I was turned-on so I reached down beside the seat and pulled the belt tighter. I helped by pressing my chest out against it as heavy traffic surged all around. Many men spotted the twin peaks, along with a few women.
Traffic soon picked-up to about thirty miles per hour while the flow was keeping one particular SUV within a car length. He was checking me out so I pulled my skirt high up on my thigh while looking ahead. I peeked over and saw that a woman passenger was now over his lap and both were looking at me. The next thing I knew I'd flipped my skirt onto my tummy to reveal my panties. The girl got my attention then hooked her finger and motioned down. I stretched my panties out of the way using my thumb to display my bush for a moment. I looked over and her shirt was up with bare breasts hanging above the drivers lap, they waved and drifted away. I couldn't believe the power that fun and games on the road generated. It had been years since I'd fingered myself but I got onto my spot right away.
Life had fallen into a routine and sex with my husband had given way to sleep for both of us. The drive is the only time I get to myself, along with the thousands of cars, trucks, and services using that stretch of highway daily.
I have thoughts of my personal light duty show throughout the day. The commute home included a supermarket, along with the rest of the world who'd taken my exit. As soon as I got in the door I'd change my clothes then get something cooking. After dinner I'd clean up, take care of my child then start some laundry. I wouldn't change a thing, but a little electricity between my legs during the forty-minute drive is a stimulant that starts well before the action.
Another woman would change at the end of the day before making her drive and I started doing the same. We were both on the late side of flexible hours and I walked in on Jean in the washroom. Her loose top was hung-up above her chest, with her bare breasts and torso on full display. She was standing sideways to the mirror with her hands lifting or lowering the shirt bottom. Jean was a few years older with soft pillow-like big tits and some minimal padding around the waist. I said hello and discretely looked at her boobs as I unbuttoned my top. As I put a blouse over my exposed breasts I noted that she'd looked at me as well.
I was nervous about turning the heat up a notch but went ahead in undoing my buttons. I'd put my suit jacket on earlier to contain the open shirt and quite a few guys took notice. After driving along side for a few moments I'd let the jacket part, but close the show if they became rude. It wasn't exactly a live sex act but it was new and exciting to me, kind of like having an affair without the mess. The danger was part of the thrill.
Nearing my exit, an old pick-up with a scruffy young man stayed along side. I normally didn't look directly at anyone but I saw him motion strongly to show my tits. I opened the jacket then undid the last few buttons of my blouse as he watched. Tugging the tails out from my skirt band, I fully opened my shirt to reveal my bare breasts in the entirety. He stayed next to me for a while so I put a hand up and started squeezing my tits. I blew him a kiss then slowed down quick and cut over to my exit.
I tried to resist, but after a few days the naughty thoughts overcame me. I went into the restroom at the end of the day and again took off my bra. I put on a blouse that I'd brought and looked at myself while standing sideways to the mirror. Experimenting with the buttons, I'd look to see what I was showing and how to fluff the opening. I was walking out when to my horror I realized that someone was in a toilet stall.
A big truck came up beside me. He made eye contact and smiled so I opened my suit jacket then unbuttoned the rest of my shirt to bare my breasts. He honked and took an exit. I love my husband, but I hadn't felt like a sensuous sexy creature in a long time.
I was still offering the same open vest display when a horn tooted. I looked to the right and saw Jean with a big smile on her face. She gazed expectantly at me until I figured it out and opened my shirt for her. She honked again and waved then took her exit.
A week later she asked if I could give her a ride home. Her car barely made it to work and had been towed to a local garage. I was a little disappointed in curbing my exhibit, but was interested in the topic of commuter adventures. I'd worn full panty hose that day and I decided to keep them on. I removed my bra since I was now used to the comfort and met Jean on the way out.
We'd been on the highway for a good while when she says, "So, you want to tell me about it." She waited a second, "Your shirt was completely unbuttoned. I bet it wasn't that way when you left the building."
"I really don't know you that well," I explained.
"Yes you do. You're a bored working woman on a pain-in-the-ass commute who gets off when men show interest in your body, just like me. I wish I looked as good as you but that doesn't seem to matter," she says. "I like oversized shirts myself. Mind if I do something naughty?" she asks.
"Not as long as we don't get arrested," I replied.
"My exit is coming up, let this truck catch up," she said. I sped up just as it got to my windows to stay with the driver when Jean waved and lifted a breast in one hand. He smiled so she pulled the shirt up to her neck. She ran her fingers over her nipples and molested herself when the driver pointed at me. I was aroused and didn't hesitate to open my jacket and undo a few buttons. A mile later we made our way to the turning lane and then her exit. We looked at each other and burst out laughing with our bare chests exposed coming down the off ramp.
She said goodbye and made sure I'd be there in the morning. Instead of backing out right away, I took advantage of being stopped and began to take my pantyhose off for the rest of the ride. It wasn't easy getting under the skirt so I unfastened it to work the band down. I slid them under my ass then had to get them down both legs as if shackled. It was dusk and I hadn't been paying attention when there was a knock on the window. My heart stopped when I heard Jean ask if everything was all right. I was so totally compromised, but I hoped she wouldn't notice and rolled the window down. I could have only lowered it a few inches but this was a very interesting situation. I doubted I would be judged after just driving down the interstate with both of us exposing ourselves to strangers.
"I just had to take care of something for the ride back," I explained and smiled. I didn't know she had a flashlight until my dilemma was lit up clear as day.
"You very pretty," she said flooding my body from my exposed breasts to my bound knees where the panty hose were stuck. I put my hand over my sparsely wooded bush when she said, "No, let me see. I never get to be the voyeur." I started getting-off on exposing myself to her so graphically. "Dusk is great for being more daring, were you going to play with yourself on the way home?" she asked.
"Well, yes actually," I said.
"I do it on the road all the time or else I have to get off in the shower. Let me give you a hand pulling those off. Open the door and swing your legs over, there's nobody around." She turned off the flashlight so that I'd open the door and pivot on my bare ass to swing my legs out. She worked the panty hose down my hanging legs as I did somewhat of a crunch with both knees bent. Now free and unrestricted, she turned her flashlight on to illuminate my open, blossoming flower laid out on full display.
"Leave your skirt off," she said. "A fun thing at night is to drive around bottomless, the risk of being caught is almost as erotic as showing tit." She turned out the flashlight and handed me the panty hose. Remember that you're driving when you get yourself off, don't have an accident," she advised. "I'll need a ride for the next few days."
My husband was too busy to see that I was panty-less. Not too long ago he would have bent me over the kitchen counter, but our little bundle of joy was running around now.
I picked her up in the morning figuring that there'd be some action on the way home, but as soon as we hit the on ramp she reclined her seat and flipped her skirt up. Her snug white panties and tall white stockings made for a near continuous shear white cocoon. She was an eye magnet even if there was no skin, so I asked if she might bring the skirt line down so people wouldn't choke on their breakfast crescents.
We were almost to our exit when a delivery van slowed to match our speed with a young man looking down approvingly. Jean flipped up her skirt and the dude tipped his head up to ask if there was more. Without thinking I suddenly reached over and managed to stretch the front of her panties down to show her bald mound and some lip. Jean didn't make a move in protest when I took our exit.
I wasn't sure how Jean would react until I looked over to see her fingering herself with her eyes closed. I pulled to the back of the parking garage and let her finish. She pulled her panties up into place when I saw the wet stained nylon. When she went to bring down the skirt I impulsively moved to slide my fingers under her panties and down between her legs. I touched her for a moment before backing out.
I started to say something when she interrupted, "This is hot shit, but time to go in."
After that we decided to car pool. Since I was further away, I'd drive to her house and pick her up or ride with her. We hadn't made it out of town before I hiked up my skirt, some were shorter than others and this was on the short side. I slid my panties off and spread my legs.
"Get up on your knees," commands Jean. I looked around then knelt on the seat with my bare ass to the window. "Put your right leg straight to the floor," she adds. A little unexpected, she reached out and glided her fingers along my inner thighs then put a finger to my lips. "Turn around," she ordered, so I turned my ass toward her and arched my back. "Spread your legs some," I did and felt her fingers touch and probe me from behind. "You feel so tight, compared to me anyway," she states. We were approaching the parking lot when she snatched up my panties and threw them out the window, much to my dismay. Although still business length, the skirt I was wearing was definitely worn for exhibitionism on the road so I snuck around all day.
On the way home I was telling her how bad she was when she unexpectedly took an exit. "We're going to the mall," she says. I was still without panties when we walked into the modern air-conditioned complex. We walked around until she picked a store then told me to buy new shoes. I played along and chose a pair then sat for the salesgirl. She'd slid over a sizing-stool and I lifted my leg to put a foot on the sloped side. She started to guide my foot onto the tool when an older female walked up and said that she'd be taking over. I looked at Jean who gave a confident nod.
She was very friendly and felt my foot while guiding me onto the measuring scale. She was setting the size gauges with one hand when her other went to my high calf and gripped it firmly. "I know what you're doing," she says, not looking up. I retracted my leg a bit but she pulled it back flat to the cast-metal gauge. "People occasionally do this. They're normally alone and just want a cheep thrill. When a combo comes in you're easy to spot, my sweat employee is like bait. Her hand went up to my inner thigh and I hesitantly scooted forward for her to go further, which she did. With palm up she inserted a finger in me and rubbed my clit with her thumb.
We were the only ones in the store besides the other girl when a customer came in. "Come back here," the woman says and leads us to the back room. Locking the door, she had me sit on the edge of a table. She pushes me on my back where Jean held me down. The woman lifted my skirt up over my tummy and went down on me while Jean pulled my shirt up to feel and suckle my breasts. I was in heaven having almost forgotten the joy of oral sex. Now I was virtually in stirrups being eaten and felt up by two women, one a total stranger and the other not much more.
After a few minutes Jean says, "My turn," and moves around to get into my snatch. My head was swimming in girl-to-girl-to-girl sex involving a stranger while my husband and kids waited at home hungry. Jean felt my inner thighs with the fingers of both hands out then moved her nose into me before bringing me off.
"She's as hot as you said," states the store woman who was feeling my breasts. That's when I understood that I'd been set-up. They knew each other and each came around to give me a simple kiss. Out in the store again, the young salesperson had a big, big smile as she waved goodbye.
Worn out sexually, mentally, and physically, I took a nap the rest of the ride home. I told my husband that I was tired from having to work extra hours.
We had cooled down for a week when the annual office fun-in-the-sun day came up. We'd all meet at some country club for breakfast while a speaker made it an official business meeting. After that, people had the run of the place between seminars that varied for different skill groups. It was a big resort with golf, volleyball, swimming, dining, and corporate gathering facilities. The fun day came with the cost of it being very long and ending with a formal dinner.
It was dark on the way home and I was driving so Jean took off everything below the waist. I pulled into a rest stop and parked but didn't get out. She went to say something when I told her to hold on. There was another car in the lot but they left making us the only ones there. All of the sudden I looked at her devilishly. "Lets swap seats so I can do something special to you. Now!" I yelled and opened the door to run around the car. She pushes her door open and runs to what was my side and finds the door locked with me inside laughing.
"Open the door!" She yelled.
"No," I screamed back and pointed at her laughing even harder.
"A car's coming!" She screamed and pounded on the window. My car was in a diagonal space with the driver's side away from the road entrance. I was thinking that it would pull in before reaching us since we were further down, but of course not.
She walked around the front while the vehicle was passing, but the low hood of my commuter car didn't cover the gap between her pussy and the bottom of the fun-in-the-sun day tee shirt. She walked like a duck as the car went by, only for it to pull in a few spaces away. She was motioning for me to move over but I was having problems getting above the stick shift. The people were walking up the road behind the car as she was moving around the front when she jumped. A handsome young man had walked the other way and met her face to face. He stopped and smiled. "Shhhhhhhh," she said.
"Only if I can touch your ass," he whispered.
"Touch it and get going," she said softly, still squatting. He touched more than her ass.
I had pushed the door open for her and she jumped in. "What the fuck," She yelled.
"That was so cute!" I said, and put a hand between her legs. We both got into it and had forgotten about the other car. The people were walking back and two of them came to the window to say hello. She didn't even hesitate to roll the window all the way down. They both leaned in and we chatted about nothing for a minute when one of them says. "Let me see a little pussy." So I turned on the small light that was mounted low on the dashboard to illuminate her."
"And then you'll leave," I said. She opened her knees as wide as she could, enjoying it.
"Touch your clit," the taller one says.
She sunk into the seat and spread a little more in the constrained space and slid her finger over her clit then down her lips. They thanked us and went back to their friends who left right away.
"That wasn't funny," She said.
"Yes it was," I replied. I had to laugh.
"You have to strip below the waist," she said, and I complied suspiciously. I stayed within the opened door and stood to make disrobing easier. I threw my clothes in the back seat then went to step back in when she vaulted across to forcefully grab my leg and shoved me out. She locked the door and was pointing at me when headlights were just starting to come down the road.
Jean jumped out and yelled, "Run!" She ran into the landscaped state property with me close behind, both of us now bottomless. The parking lot lights provided wonderful ambient light that silhouetted the clusters of evergreens. Jean tackled me to the ground and flipped me on my back, then held me down despite finding no resistance. She brought me up to pull off my shirt and remove my bra, and then stripped off what she had left. She straddled my stomach and aggressively felt my tits before hopping up to my chest. She ground her bare pussy into my face so I could barely breath. I wrapped my arms up over her legs and pulled her back a bit so I could taste my first pussy at the source.
Jean was gyrating on a stiff tongue that I held in the same spot. She started grinding onto my entire face in a rolling motion, speeding up until she literally rode my face in getting off.
She climbed back down along my body and moved between my legs. I lay back and relaxed in the grass on a beautiful summer evening. I looked up at the stars through the wide openings of the tree clusters that blocked us from the road. Jean was taking care of me very tenderly, light but as a fat flicker on the front of her tongue. No grinding, just a pleasant orgasm while nestled in the grass with the universe above...at a public rest stop.
We heard footsteps but had to freeze in place. We watched a flashlight beam make its way down a path just beyond some near trees. It was sweeping the area but didn't reach back to where we were. We dressed in what clothes we had and snuck out to the car.
We arrived at her house on another day and she asked me in, saying that her son was at college. I went to put on my panties but she wanted me to stay bottomless when I got out of the car. I said "no way," but she pointed out that we couldn't see any houses with the neighbors far away. "I want to see that ass some more," she adds. I called my husband and said I'd be late.
We finished stripping and slipped into her hot tub around back. We were both laid out side-by-side but head to toe with a leg draped over the others.
There was a little noise, then, "Jean?" somebody called. The towels were up on the bench so I sunk down into the water.
"I'm in the hot tub," she called out. A man in his mid sixties comes around the corner and walks right up to the tub. He looks down into the water as Jean turns off the jets to reveal our naked bodies. The man just stood there without any reaction, except a smile.
"Gonna' stand up for me," he asks? I snapped a surprised look at Jean who stood right up. "Show me your ass," he says, she turns around, "Bend over." Then he says to me, "Aren't you gonna' show me something?"
"Just stand up," instructs Jean, so I did.
"Wow," says George.
"George has been my neighbor for a long time and somehow finds his way over when the kids aren't here. He caught me naked in the tub just like now," she stated. "I had to time it just right," she said. "I let him look a me, he appreciates it. Give him a real thrill," says Jean. "Sit on the edge and spread you legs." I smirked at her and got my ass up on the bench-like ledge and pointed me knees toward George then opened them. He got such a smile on his face.
Jean stepped up and directed me to the end of the bench so he could be at eye level. I moved then put my hand between my legs and touched myself. George got up close with his nose maybe ten inches from my clit. He left us to the hot tub and went home.
Jean made me stay naked with her as we cooked dinner. "His wife died a few years ago. I've offered my services to him but he declines," states Jean. "He says that they're still married despite her passing."
Out of the blue she asks, "Trust me?"
"No, why should I?"
"Have I gotten you into any trouble? Yet?" she asked, adding, "I'm going to tie you up but it's only fantasy, you can slip out of the restraints at any time."
"No, absolutely not," I stated. The next thing I know I'm letting her slip soft restraints over my wrists and ankles to hold me spread eagle.
"Let me adjust them," she says, then tightens them quite a bit. She put on a robe then yells, "O-kay boys, dinner is served."
My eyes bulged as I pulled at the straps. Four college-aged guys came in and stood over the bed examining me with their eyes. Jean put a gag in my mouth despite my being speechless and tied it behind my head.
"Comfortable?" she asks. I just stared at her. "I'd better give these some slack so the guys can get a better angle to they penetrate you. These are my oldest boy's friends, he's away at college," she said. "You're not cheating if you have no choice, and its not rape with me being a witness to call you a slut whore."
"My god," one said, "I'm gonna' enjoy this."
"Don't take all day, just fuck her and give us our turn," says another. My eyes bulged again.
I had already resigned to the fact that I was about to be raped multiple times and gave in to it. All but the first guy left the room and there was nothing I could do, except maybe make an attempt to break the flimsy straps that I didn't. As far as I was concerned, I was firmly restrained and offered for consumption.
The first one played with and sucked on my tits for a while. After a few minutes I cleared my throat and he moved down to mount me. He had an average dick but it was very hard at a steep upward angle. He looked like he needed instructions putting on a rubber as I waited already wet and smooth. He eventually found his way in then came very quickly. He wasn't all the way through the door when another pushed past. He explored my body for a while like he was another virgin. He played with my tits, stuck a finger in me, and then slid his hands under my ass. Another average-sized enthusiastic extra-hard young man, he also had to find my hole then came fairly quick. The different shaped cocks were awesome.
The next guy had more of a swagger. He was definitely not a virgin in the way he finger fucked me and worked my clit before diving in with his tongue. "Tastes like rubbers," he says. Dropping his pants and jockey shorts, I was immediately struck by his extra-fat dick. He climbed up to straddle my neck in one continuous motion, and with his skin-covered beer can resting on my chin he asks, "I want to do this, is it okay?"
I nodded yes and he pulled the gag out. "Thanks for asking," I said.
"Anytime," he responded, then propped my head up just a little. He kept dipping the tip of his cock into my waiting, open mouth as if fishing, and my tongue was nibbling. It stretched and filled so much that only the tip was ever in. He used very quick, short trusts bringing the head out as far as he could without my needing to be re-stretched. I worked it and did him right. He pulled out and dangled his rigid head just inches above my open mouth as we both watched him shoot his big load into my mouth. He dipped his fat head back in for me to clean off as I choked and swallowed with seamen dripping from the sides of my mouth. "Jean says you like it when men cum in your mouth," he explains.
"I'll be sure to thank her. You can leave the gag out." I said. He leaned over and sweetly kissed a dry spot on my face before leaving.
The last guy kept me waiting before he came to the bed and looked at me. "He said he left something for me," he exclaimed. He picked my shirt up from the floor and wiped the cum off my face. He stood back and slowly lowered his pants to reveal a tremendous bulge in his underwear. "They made me go last," he says and pulls out the biggest cock I'd ever seen on a white guy. "I want the real stuff," he says as he's getting hard and bigger. "I can't use rubbers, its too big," he says. "I see you don't need a gag, good thing 'cause you're going to need air," he states. My dick waiting at home was half the size and I was ready for the penis of a lifetime.
He knew what he was doing and probed my pussy with his finger, "You're plenty wet,
I would hope so by now." He snapped the restraints for my legs then climbed up. The stud was being very gentle as I got accustomed to his size, I was in ecstasy when it found home. He was using his hand to keep it in like a slippery snake, but it got fully rigid soon enough. He dogged me for a half hour taking me to the brink a few times until I finally had a hard, powerful orgasm. I was recovering and had about enough wear and tear for the day. I expected him to pull out, but he didn't. He had slowed way down but kept going in and out. I asked him to stop, but instead he started going faster and deeper. I was coming around as he was long stroking the hell out of me and pushed for a second orgasm in one fucking, my first time ever. He pulled out and lifted my left leg then straddled the other. Lifting my left hip and ass cheek, he scooted up to put it in again and get right back to a hard, fast rhythm. I started to scream with my out-breaths while my stretched pussy took a beating. I couldn't believe how long of an orgasm I was having as he pushed me over the edge. I convulsed as I pulled at the remaining top restraints and contorted. Just on the downside, he pulled out and jerked himself for a few strokes then blew a massive load over my tummy. "Thank you for taking it easy on me," I said, half sarcastic.
He climbed up to kiss me, "You were fantastic," he said. He used my shirt again to wipe up his pancake of cum before leaving.
Jean came back in, "I was watching through the crack in the door, they're shy." She had a steamy washcloth and gently washed my action areas and around my body.
"That was great. I'd better not let my husband in for a few weeks until I heal, but that's not a problem," I explained. I was expecting her to untie me but instead she mounted up onto my chest.
"Who said you were done?" she asked and started to ride my chin.
At least my tongue wasn't worn raw. She squashed her fat lips onto my chin while her clit and my tongue ground against each other. I can't say that I was the most enthusiastic at that point but I took care of her.
"Do you have any idea how big a dick that last guy had?" I asked.
"Yes I do, and the one before."
It was my turn to drive so I had Jean strip below the waist. Then I put my hands between her legs and worked her up. "Take your shirt off, get naked for me," I urged while fingering her. She stripped down the rest of the way and reclined the seat fully exposing her to rush hour traffic. I had my hand between her legs then glided my fingers along her inner thigh, then reached down to snatch her clothes and threw them all out the window.
"Oh no," she mutters and closes her eyes. "I bet this is going to be good."
I took an off-ramp where a cluster of gas stations and fast food restaurants served the highway. "I haven't had a hamburger in ages," I stated, then whipped into a drive thru. "Want anything?" I asked, stopped at the order speaker. She shook her head no. I ordered a few of the obscure items that they might not have sitting ready and drove around. Jean had her arms crossed and hands over her breast with legs crossed.
"Show some nipple," I said, and she opened some space between a few fingers. We moved up to the window and a heavy woman looks then quickly turns away.
"I lost a bet," yells Jean.
"No she didn't," I corrected. The lady never looked directly at us and left before giving me my order. A few minutes later a middle-aged women brings the bags to the window and handed them out.
"You know that I'm supposed to call the cops," she says. "You wouldn't believe how many cars flash our window people, but you should be more careful. You're a little older and are showing quite a bit more than most." She leans way out to give me the food and says, "Show me your breasts, quick." Jean dropped her arms entirely for the woman to see. I stayed still for a moment then lifted by shirt to bare my breasts as the woman blocked the view from anyone behind her. We waved and sped off.
"You know...I haven't had tacos in a long time," I said and zipped into a Mexican food franchise. Jean sunk in her seat since we were waiting along a glass wall with people seated against the other side. I hugged the building to get as close to the glass as I could to improve the odds of her being noticed.
"I know I have it coming to me, but could you give me a break?" she asked.
"Fuck no," I coldly responded. A petite, pretty strawberry blond girl was waiting. She was around nineteen and had a cute smirk when handing out the bag.
"My boyfriend has me lean over from the passenger side to let guys look down my shirt."
"Do you like doing it?" asks Jean.
She lowered her voice, "Yeah I do."
"Do you want to see her tits?" I asked.
"No, but thanks," she says and closes the window.
"I'd better get some coffee," I said. I pulled up to the curb blocking the entrance of a busy gas station convenience store. I jumped out with the keys while people were coming and going, forced to walk around my brightly lit car. She got a few looks but many people wore tops below the arms this time of the year.
"Enough?" she asks.
"I'm thinking about it, I'm also thinking about how much I like swallowing cum," I responded and was about to get back on the highway when a wish came true.
"No!" she said when we turned into a full-blown car wash with the highway on-ramp just beyond. There were several employees in white jumpsuits doing various jobs. The stocky woman with chopped blonde hair who took my money started laughing and turned to yell, "Got one!" Turning back she says, "This happens at least once a month. These guys will get you started and someone will be waiting for you on the other side."
One man was pre-wetting the outside with a water-like spray when he pulled out his big black dick and let it hang. He'd grab and shake it at us every few seconds. Another man who was guiding us onto the carrier yelled, "Take your arms away honey, we all want to see. Show it all."
Jean complied and reclined her seat. She was studied by the black man's face pressed against the window as I pulled my top off just before we hit the first giant cloth roller. I reclined and undid my skirt, then rolled my shoulder onto her. We were grinding on our fingers that were at work between each other's legs.
The car stopped while it was being sprayed and I pushed my skirt and panties to the floor. I put my fingers in her snatch and was sucking her breasts while I was increasingly aware that we hadn't moved in a while. I was relieved when we started forward and heard the cheering even before we popped out the far end. I was eagerly awaiting the attention and we got real hot before emerging into the sun.
Looking up, the first face I saw a female police officer looking in along with every one of the workers who were hooting and hollering behind her. The other cop was standing in our path talking to the burly women who took the money. They directed us to a parking space just after clearing the machinery. The cops held the employees back about ten feet after parking their cruiser to block a view from the road. One officer was still talking to the snitch while the female cop told us to get out. Wearing only our shoes and socks, we had to stand there for a few minutes with everyone looking and laughing.
She looked inside the car and sets the different bags of fresh warm food on the roof. "You girls have been busy," she says, adding, "And a hot coffee. Put some clothes on."
"I lost mine," says Jean, which brought a roar of laughter. I put on my clothes while the other cop got a blanket from their trunk. They put the handcuffs on her first so she could get in their car to be covered by the blanket. Jean wouldn't look at me.
"I have to make a call," I said to the woman officer. "My husband needs to handle daycare." She understood.
We sat in a holding cell for about an hour with Jean still in the blanket, she had called George who brought some clothes. They'd checked with other businesses in the area and hadn't got any reports, but they knew what we'd been doing. We received appearance tickets being charged with indecent exposure and lewd conduct. Our credit cards paid the way out and we were released. I was in the same clothes that I'd left with that morning, while Jean looked like she was in pajamas wearing George's oversized workshop clothes.
George brought us back to my car where I leaned through the opening between the front seats. I put my left hand behind the other side of his head and pulled it over for a kiss. "I don't know what we'd have done without you," I said.
Jean suddenly blurts out, "You got me, you outdid me, you won. You learned well." her first spoken words to me in hours. "We can't car pool anymore."
"I need to see my kid and my husband is complaining," I said. "Maybe it's time to mail order the sexy lingerie."
"I bet he'd like it if you applied your imagination toward him," states George. He took Jean home while I got on my way.