[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
Hi. My name is Ted and I'm a voyeur.
I'm not a Peeping-Tom or anything creepy like that; in fact, until recently, my voyeurism had always been restricted to watching strangers have sex in adult videos or Internet porn. There are a couple of videos that my wife and I watch occasionally that are shot from the viewpoint of a "watcher," and I really like them. (So does she, by the way.)
The only live person I've ever watched have sex is my wife, Holly. It started out during a regular love making session. I was sliding her vibrator in and out of her wet pussy while I lapped at her clit, and I could tell by the way she was moving around that she wanted something that I wasn't quite giving her. So, I took her hand and wrapped it around the dildo so she could take matters into her own hands.
I then sat back and watched as she stroked the humming rubber cock through her wet pussy lips and then pressed it down hard onto her clit. She alternated between sliding the dick deep up her cunt, and dragging it across her clit several times, before finally holding it hard against her clit and stiffening her legs as a self-propelled orgasm ripped through her body.
I found myself mesmerized by just watching her, and I jerked myself off looking down at her rigid body, with her eyes screwed tightly shut and her hand grinding the vibrator into her cunt.
As my own orgasm quickly approached, I told her, "Open your mouth, baby! I'm gonna cum!"
She opened her eyes and her mouth just in time for me to blow my load into her waiting mouth, wiping my cock head across her lips as I finished. I then bent down and kissed her passionately, tasting my own cum as out tongues danced.
As I rolled onto the bed beside my loving wife, it occurred to me that I had rarely had a hotter orgasm, and I had never even sunk my dick into her cunt or had her suck on it. My arousal had built to a grand crescendo simply from watching her get herself off.
From then on, I would always make sure that our love making sessions included me watching while she was taking care of herself with her vibrator, her fingers, or both. Sometimes I would just jerk off watching her, other times I'd fuck her after she'd gotten her first orgasm, and still other times, I'd sink my cock in her soft wet mouth as she fucked herself to the big O. But watching her take care of herself—allbyherself—became almost a fetish for me.
I even found that my Internet porn searches for jerk-off material gravitated to clips of women getting themselves off all by themselves.
Then one day I got the brilliant idea to set up a spy-cam so I could record Holly masturbating alone with her favorite toy, and then I could jerk off to that hot scene whenever the mood struck me.
Holly worked three days a week, and I knew that on her days off she sometimes enjoyed the company of one of her vibrators or dildos after I'd left for work. We each understood and accepted that the other masturbated occasionally, but it wasn't something that ever came up in conversation. Kind of a don't ask, don't tell thing.
So, I bought the smallest spy-cam I could find with the features I needed, and I managed to hide it on a shelf of photos above her dresser mirror. Watching its picture through the app on my laptop, I got it aimed and zoomed in on our bed. I then set it to start recording when it detected motion.
I rationalized that I really wasn't "spying" on my wife,per se—trying to catch her cheating or doing something that I wasn't already aware of—I just wanted to watch her acting naturally.
It was a guess on my part that she would masturbate on our bed, rather than in the shower, for instance, or sitting at her desk watching porn on her computer ... like I do. If I was wrong after a week or so, I'd hide the camera in a new place and start over.
I began thinking of the little spy camera as my "Holly-cam."
It was the end of the week before I had a chance to open my laptop in privacy and check out what I had captured.
Unfortunately, there was no way to teach the camera to only look for attractive naked women, so there were dozens of short clips of me or Holly walking in or out of the bedroom.
Finally, on Tuesday's recordings, I did get to see her walking around naked as she got dressed after her shower. Though I'd obviously seen her naked a thousand times before, it was still surprisingly arousing, knowing that she didn't know I was watching her. Wednesday's clips were just more bedroom traffic, but then in Thursday's recordings, her next day off, I hit pay-dirt!
She had passed the camera, leaving the bedroom, wearing her short robe tied around her. In the next clip, ten minutes later, she came back in carrying her open laptop, and with her robe hanging open, exposing her wonderful breasts and her landing-strip-trimmed pussy. My dick started to grow at justthatsight!
She set the computer on the bed, but it was facing away from the camera, so I couldn't tell what might be on the screen. I was hoping it was porn, and that I was finally going to get to see her jilling off.
I began rubbing my dick through my pants as she approached the dresser and bent down, disappearing out of the frame. I assumed she was going to the drawer where she kept her toy collection, and when she straightened up, and walked back toward the bed, I could see her smooth-sided curved vibrator in her hand. Yes!
She tossed the vibrator on the bed next to the laptop, and then, facing away from me, she shrugged off her robe, leaving her standing there completely naked. God, that woman has a nice ass!
Still watching the video on my screen, I stood up, quickly had my pants and shorts on the floor, and took my rapidly-stiffening cock in my hand.
I sat back down as Holly climbed onto the bed and propped herself up with the pillows in a slightly reclined position, with her legs spread and her shaved pussy facing right at the camera. My dick was already oozing precum!
She tapped a button on the laptop, and as she watched the screen, she reached up and cupped both of her tits in her hands. She massaged them gently, but then gripped them firmly, squeezing and causing her already-puffy nipples to bulge. She then slid her fingers and thumbs forward, and pinched down hard on the two miniature pink mounds, flattening, twisting, and pulling them. I wished that I could see what she was watching on her laptop, but I knew it couldn't be as hot as what I was watching on mine!
Leaving one hand on a tit, she reached down between her spread legs, and started to gently rub her fingers over her pussy lips. She slid her whole hand down across her bald cunt, and as she mashed her palm against her pussy lips, I could see her wiggling her middle finger, and teasing the little pucker of her asshole.
Eyes locked on the hot scene, I spread the precum that was oozing from my dick over my cock-head, and began a slow rotation of my hand over the knob.
As she drew her hand back up, her middle finger pressed deep within the soft, wet petals of her pussy, spreading the lips as if they were kissing her attentive finger. When her fingertip reached her clit, she stopped and began massaging the sensitive little nub with tiny circular motions.
Under the spell of her own hands, she laid her head back against the headboard, with her eyes lightly closed and her lips together in a contented hum. As she rubbed her clit with one hand, she continued to pull and twist her nipples with the other.
After a short while, she opened her eyes and looked at the computer screen, again. As she watched whatever was taking place on the screen, she pushed down harder on her clit, mashing her finger deep into the wet folds of her pussy. At the same time, she stretched the nipple she was gripping with the other hand so hard that she was deforming her whole tit into a pointed cone. I couldn't help but slide my hand up and down my drooling cock watching her self-induced "abuse."
As she switched hands to give the other nipple equal time, she reached for the dildo. I was a little surprised that she didn't turn it on, right away, knowing how she likes to have her clit buzzed by the variable-speed vibrator buried in its tip.
She held the smooth plastic dick so its curved end was pointed down, and she pressed it into the folds of her juicy pussy, with the dildo's body against her clit, and the curve following the contour of her mound, putting the tip right at the entrance to her cunt hole.
She slowly rubbed the body of the dildo up-and-back across her clit a few times, and then she tilted the surrogate dick up, dipping just its rounded tip into the entrance to her cunt.
As she repeated the gentle motion of the shiny plastic cock over her wet pussy, I was sliding my hand up and down my flesh-and-blood cock at the same slow pace. I had to consciously hold myself back from going into full-on jerk-off mode because I knew I wouldn't last long when I started beating my meat, and I wanted see my beautiful wife get herself off before I blew my load.
I let go of my cock just long enough to pull my shirt and t-shirt off over my head in one motion, leaving me as naked as my wife—except for my socks.
As she watched her computer screen, she inserted the end of her dildo into her cunt hole, but only an inch or two. As she moved the tip of the hard plastic dick in and out of her pussy, giving herself a slow, shallow fuck, I kept pace with my own cock, also concentrating my motions on just the head and the sensitive patch of flesh right behind it.
Not taking her eyes off her screen, she abandoned her nipples, and lowered her hand to start rubbing her clit while the plastic dick dipped repeatedly in and out of the entrance to her cunt. I watched her bite down on her lower lip and at the same time use her middle finger and thumb to pinch the soft folds of flesh that nestled her clit, causing it to bulge outward. She then used her index finger to rub the protruding little nub.
She sucked in her breath and closed her eyes as she mashed her finger hard against the super-sensitive knot of flesh, while at the same time picking up the rate of the shallow fuck that the dildo was give her cunt entrance.
Apparently not wanting to miss what was happening on the laptop screen, she forced her eyes open again, and I could hear her moan as she watched whatever it was while she squeezed and ground her finger against her clit and dildo-fucked the outer folds of her cunt hole.
Suddenly, she arched her back, drew in a deep breath, and tossed the plastic dick onto the bed. She immediately replaced the dildo with the long middle finger of her right hand, and she started to finger-fuck herself, fast and hard.
As she hammered her finger deep into her cunt hole, her palm slapped the sopping wet folds of her pussy, and a look of concentration spread across her face that I knew meant that her orgasm was building quickly.
I began beating my meat in earnest at that point, hoping to cum at the same time that she did.
She was a little ahead of me though, and I heard her let out a telltale squeal as her pussy erupted. I could also hear the wetter slaps of her hand against her soaked pussy lips.
With my eyes locked on my beautiful wife finger-fucking her cunt to an obviously-intense orgasm, I was jerking off my cock as fast as I could. As I felt the cum start to bubble up from deep inside me, it suddenly occurred to me that I had forgotten to grab some tissues to squirt into.
Still watching Holly, I leaned back in my chair, aimed my cock toward my chin, and pounded off until my pulsing cock shot a long ribbon of hot, thick cum across my chest and all the way to my neck.
As I continued jerking off my erupting dick, covering my chest and belly with a huge load of cum, I watched as Holly began to come down from her orgasm-high.
She gently caressed her soaked pussy and her tits, as if apologizing for the abuse she had just given them in the name of pure sexual pleasure.
I, too, stroked my softening cock gently as I watched Holly turn and slide off the bed. As she reached back to get her laptop, she turned it, and I got a momentary glimpse of the screen. It was too quick and too far away for me to make out much detail, but with it caught on video, I knew I could go back and view it again.
As she walked out of the shot, headed to put her computer away, I wheeled my chair over to where I could pull some tissues from the box, and clean up the jism that was about to run down my sides.
As I mopped up the thick goo, I fast-reversed the video to the shot of the laptop screen. After a couple of attempts, I got it frozen on the right frame, and then I zoomed the screen to blow up the image. I recognized the shot as being near the end of a hot girl-girl scene from a porn video calledExtreme Sex, Part-2. It featured a sexy female teacher coercing a young-looking innocent-acting female college student to have sex with her in order to keep from being expelled.
I knew it to be a favorite scene of Holly's, and it actually got my dick twitching again, knowing she had been jilling off to the female-female action. The fantasy of my wife with another woman was always a sure-fire turn on for me! That she also apparently indulged in that fantasy, herself, when she masturbated was awesome!
***
The next day at work, I got called into the general manager's office. Our company had some sophisticated weather-tracking equipment on a tiny island out in the Pacific, and it was acting up. The woman who had written all the code for the system was expecting her first child in about two weeks, so she couldn't travel. I had been the number two programmer, so, I was getting an all-expense-paid trip to a nearly deserted island on the equator. I would be gone for at least two weeks, maybe more. I was leaving the next morning.
As if trying to cram in enough sex to keep us both satisfied while I was gone, Holly and I made marathon love that night. It started out in the kitchen.
While Holly was pouring us each a glass of wine before dinner, I walked up behind her at the kitchen island, and slid the hem of her A-line office-attire skirt up to her waist, exposing her glorious panty-clad ass. I rubbed her nice round cheeks a few times, and then hooked my thumbs into the waistband of the panties and slid them down, letting them drop to the floor. Holly responded by wiggling her naked ass at me, and spreading her legs while she took a long sip of her wine.
I moved up behind her, pressing the bulge in my pants against her ass crack, and reached around her, taking one of her tits in one hand, and wrapping the fingers of my other hand around the front of her neck. I pulled head up and back, stroking her throat and chin, while at the same time squeezing her tit and pulling tight against my body. She pushed her ass back harder against the bulge of my constrained cock, and rocked her hips.
As I managed to get a few buttons of her blouse undone one-handed, I turned her head and we shared a hot tongue-dancing, lip-biting kiss. As we kissed, I slid my hand inside her blouse, and began to maul her other tit, now separated from my fingers by just the thin fabric of her bra. As I began to squeeze and pull on her puffy nipple, she bit down on my tongue and moaned into my mouth.
As I stroked her throat, holding her head turned so we could continue our aggressively passionate kiss, I slid my hand from her blouse, and reached out to take her hand. I guided it down between her legs, and whispered into her ear, "Do your pussy, babe! Rub your fingers through your beautiful pussy lips and get it ready for my tongue! I'm gonna eat your sexy cunt, right here in the kitchen!"
She pushed her hand between her legs, grinding her palm over her mound, and reaching her fingertip far enough back to tickle her asshole. She then drew her hand back up, dragging the finger between her pussy lips, all the way to her clit. As she worked the digit in circular little motions over her clit, she bit down on my lower lip.
I managed to separate before blood was drawn, and as I held her head tilted back, I whispered into her ear, harshly, "Fuck it, baby! Fuck your hot cunt with your fingers! Get your pussy wet for my mouth! I want to taste your glorious cunt juice!"
As she began pushing her finger up and down through her pussy lips, grinding hard against her clit at the top of the stroke, and dipping her fingertip into her cunt hole at the bottom, I managed to get enough buttons undone to spread her blouse open, and roll the cups of her bra down, exposing her lovely tits.
Supported by the bunched up bra, and framed by her pulled-open blouse, her always-wonderful tits had the extra-sexy look of being "taken." Apparently, the rough exposure in the middle of the kitchen gave her the same feeling, and as she ground away at her pussy, she commanded me, "Pull out your cock and press it into my ass crack! Hump my ass while I frig my pussy!"
It took both hands to get my stiff dick snaked out through my fly, but when I did, I pumped it a few times, getting a good drop of precum to ooze from the hole. I then pressed my cock head into Holly's crack and, sliding it up and down, I spread the slippery goo between her cheeks.
I reached around her, taking both of her lewdly exposed tits in my hands, and as I squeezed them, bulging her beautiful puffy nipples, I leaned into her, letting my hard cock slide between her ass cheeks, pointing upward as I pressed in hard, getting as much of the sensitive underside of my dick in contact with her wonderful round globes.
As I began pulling on her nipples, and humping my cock up and down her ass crack, she sunk her finger deep into her cunt, hung her head, and with closed eyes, she moaned, "Oh, fuck, yeah!"
After a short while, she straightened up, and turned around to face me with her tits hanging out of her thrown-open blouse, and her skirt roughly hiked up to expose her wet cunt. God, she looked sexy like that!
She stuck her pussy-flavored finger in my mouth, and said, "I seem to recall a promise of getting my cunt eaten!"
After sucking her finger clean, I pulled her tightly to me, mashing her exposed tits against my chest, and letting my rock-hard cock slide between her legs. I kissed her hard as I dug my fingers into her naked ass. I then lifted her up by her ass, and with our lips continuously locked together, I set her down on the island's granite countertop.
She broke the kiss momentarily and reached behind herself to move the wine glasses. She picked one of them up, and took a long sip. Without swallowing, she leaned back down to me, and pressed her lips back to mine. She parted her lips just a crack and let the wine dribble into my mouth. When I had all of it, we began to swish the smoky merlot back and forth—with some of it dribbling down my neck—then we both swallowed, and finished the hot wine-flavored kiss.
With my hands on her exposed tits, rubbing her nipples, I pushed gently, and she eased herself backward until she was lying on the island countertop.
Her ass was right at the edge, and I lifted her legs up, bent at the knees, and spread them apart. She hooked her arms under them, and held them back, exposing her wet pussy to me.
I leaned down and blew a stream of cool air across the wet lips, and then I opened my mouth, and covered as much of her hot cunt as I could. I sucked gently as I began to snake my tongue up and down through the soft folds.
I closed my mouth partially, and moved to concentrate on her clit, sucking hard, while mashing my tongue against the protruding little nub as hard as I could.
As she cooed her contented pleasure, I slid a finger up her soaking wet cunt hole, and began fucking it in and out.
I could tell from her moans, her breathing, and the way she was subtly gyrating her hips that an orgasm was on the way. Holly's first orgasm often came pretty quickly, and this one was no-doubt fired up by the "wickedness" of the way that her sexual body parts were roughly exposed and being used right in the openness of the kitchen with all of the blinds wide open. I wondered if the exhibitionism was as much of a turn on for her as voyeurism was for me.
As I sensed her getting closer to cumming, I turned my hand palm-up, crooked my finger, and found the rough surface of her G-spot. I bore down hard on her clit with my mouth and tongue, while pushing up, equally as hard, with my finger on her G-spot. The combination of crushing her most sensitive sexual organs together tripped her trigger, and her body stiffened as her cunt began to erupt, drenching my hand with her hot cum.
"Oh, fuck!" she growled as I continued sucking and grinding on her G-spot. I managed to look up and see that she was pulling hard on both of her nipples as her cunt kept gushing its hot liquid over my hand, down her ass, and onto the countertop.
Finally, she pushed my face from her pussy, and between deep breaths, she said, "Let's take this show into the bedroom where you can fuck me right!"
I helped her to a sitting position, slid her wet ass off the counter, and pulled her tightly against me. I kissed her hard, "forcing" her to taste her own pussy juice that soaked my face. I then turned her around, and bent her over the island, pressing her down, and squashing her naked tits against the cold granite.
I pressed my rock-hard cock back into the crack of her ass, now soaked her own cum, and as I humped her ass crack once more, I slid the belt from my pants.
As I slid my dick up and down the crack of her ass, I took her arms, pulled them behind her, and wrapped the belt around her wrists. A belt is not a good thing to try to use to restrain someone, but when it's really only symbolic—and the restrainee is cooperative— it works just fine.
I straightened her up, and as I dug my fingers into the pair of tits hanging lewdly out of her pulled-open blouse, I whispered into her ear in a coarse voice, "Oh, I'm going to fuck you, all right, lady! I can't wait to shove my hard cock up your tight cunt hole! And when it's all slick with your pussy juice, I'm going to stick it in your mouth so you can suck it clean and see what a hot, well-fucked cunt tastes like!"
I then pulled her away from the counter, and holding her wrists, I marched her towards the bedroom.
I "forced" her onto the bed on her knees, and then I pushed her over, so her face was against the bedspread, with her bounds behind her, and her glistening naked ass facing up at me.
As I crawled up onto the bed behind her, with my raging hard-on still sticking out through my fly, she said, "Aren't you going to pull the blinds?"
I slapped her on her wet ass, and said, "No! If anyone's out there watching, let's let them see you get a good fucking! Let's let them see what a good hot-wife you are!"
The fact of the matter was that our bedroom window faced the high-fenced backyard, and beyond that there was woods and no other houses for a hundred yards or more. The thought of someone watching as Holly got fucked was as symbolic as her wrist-restraint.
I leaned down to her naked, upturned ass, and while I pulled her round cheeks apart, I slid my tongue up through the wet folds of her pussy, all the way to her asshole. I swirled the tip of my tongue around the wrinkled circle of flesh, and then I pushed it into the little pucker as far as I could get it to go.
She curved her back and rotated her hips so that her asshole was higher up, and easier for me to get to. With her face buried in the bedspread, she let out a low moan of pleasure as I tongue-fucked her up the ass.
After a while of licking and probing her tight little hole, I straightened up and moved closer to her upturned naked ass. I took hold of my drooling dick, still hang out through my fly, and as I slid the fat head up and down through her drenched pussy lips, I said, "Oh, look. Sandy's in the backyard. She must have dropped over to borrow something."
"What?" Holly exclaimed, lifting her head to see. "You're kidding!"
"Yes, I am," I said as I pushed her face back into the bedspread. "But let's pretend. Let's pretend your best friend is peeking in the window watching you get fucked with your tits hanging out, your skirt all bunched up, and your hands tied behind your back."
"I wonder what she's thinking," I went on teasingly, "as I rub my stiff dick up and down your pussy lips. I wonder if she can see how wet you are, with your naked ass up in the air, waiting to get a hard cock shoved up your cunt."
"Oh, she's coming closer," I said. "She must really want to see you get your pussy fucked." I pressed the head of my cock against Holly's cunt hole, and asked, "What do you think? Should we give her a show?"
"FUCK ME!" Holly shouted at me with her face still in the bedspread. "Shove your fat cock up my cunt while Sandy watches us! I want her to see me take your dick up my pussy all the way to the balls! Shove it into me hard! Fuck me, baby! Fuck me!"
I took hold of her hips, and in one glorious-feeling push, I sunk my entire cock all the way into the depths of her cunt, stopping only when I was mashing my balls against her pussy lips.
She let out a long moan as my cock spread her love tunnel open, and added, "Oh, fuck, yes!" when she felt me bottom out and grind my hips around.
"Fuck me, baby!" she mumbled into the spread. "Fuck my hot cunt with your hard, fat cock!"
"Oh, I think Sandy can hear your filthy mouth, baby," I said as I drew my cock out of Holly's cunt. "She has her hand in her pants, now, and I think she's playing with her pussy."
"Fuck me!" Holly repeated. "Let's let her see how a hot wife takes cock!"
I began hammering away at her cunt as hard and as fast as I could from my kneeling position. Then, switching from being on my knees behind her, up onto my feet in a crouched position above her, I was able to penetrate her deeper and faster by being able to rock my hips farther and more easily.
As I fucked my cock over and over up Holly's velvety smooth cunt hole, I said to her, "Oh, wow! Sandy's pulled off her top, and pushed down her pants! She's standing out there naked, watching you get your cunt fucked with her fingers up her own cunt, and pulling on her nipples! God, she must think you're hot!"
"Oh, fuck, baby!" Holly said into the bedspread. "I'm gonna cum! Fuck my cunt and make me cum for her!"
Feeling my own orgasm building, I pushed my cock deep into Holly's pussy, and as I held it there, balls-deep, I quickly unwound my belt from her wrists. I then pulled my cock from her cunt, and flipped her onto her back. A moment later her legs were spread wide, and my stiff cock was heading for her cunt hole, again.
I didn't push it in deep this time, though. Remembering how she had gotten herself off with her dildo, I poked just the head of my dick into the sensitive folds of her pussy's entrance. With my hand wrapped around my slippery cock, I began mashing the head around in just the first inch or so of her cunt hole.
This was something we'd never done before, but it was obvious that she liked it. She reached one hand down and began grinding her fingers over her clit, while pinching, twisting, and pulling on her nipples with the other.
As I bobbed the head of my cock around in her cunt hole, I started to jerk off at the same time. At first, I kept my strokes short, but as I felt my cum building, I couldn't help but take longer, faster strokes.
With each stroke forward, my fist began slapping into Holly's sopping wet pussy, which she obviously liked.
"Oh, fuck, yeah! Slap my cunt, baby! Jerk off your fat cock and pound my hot pussy! Fuck! I'm gonna cum, baby! Jerk off my pussy with your hard cock!"
As I slammed my cock, mashing my fist into her pussy with each quick stroke, her cunt erupted, pumping a river of cum over my hand and cock, and making the slaps against her pussy even wetter sounding and more erotic.
My cock began pumping its hot, thick cum, and as I continued to jerk off, I pumped it into and all over her already-drenched pussy.
As I finally squeezed the last drops of my cum from my cock onto Holly's pussy, she reached up with both hands, took hold of my head and pulled me down to her sloppy cunt.
"Eat me, baby!" she told me. "Stick your tongue up my cunt and clean up all that cum! I'm not done cumming yet and I want Sandy to watch you suck my pussy juice and eat your cream pie!"
I had become comfortable with sharing my own cum with Holly a long time ago, but I'd never pushed my face into a mess like this before, but I took on the job, eagerly!
As I pressed my face between her legs, getting wet nearly to my ears, I lapped and sucked, gathering up as much of the combined tastes as I could. While I rocked my face against her sloppy cunt, and drove my tongue into the soft, wet folds, she continued rubbing her clit. The result was another squirt of hot pussy juice that I sucked up and swallowed, along with strings of my own cum.
Half a minute later, Holly's pussy had reached its limit, and she hauled me up across her body and we shared a hot, double-cum-flavored kiss.
A little later, after we had finally stripped out of our clothes and were heading for the shower, it occurred to me that the hot love session that we had just enjoyed had been captured on video! My wilted cock began to stir at just the thought of being able to watch that again, whenever I wanted.
As we stepped under the hot water pouring down from the rain-shower head, Holly noticed my dick starting to grow, again. She stroked it gently, and as she dropped to her knees, she said, "Too bad Sandy can't see in here to watch me take your big cock down my throat the way I took it up my cunt!"
As she slipped her mouth over my resurrected cock, I told her, "I guess you'll have to just tell her all about it. She seemed to like it when you used your words."
To be continued ...
Please take a minute to vote and to leave a comment. That's how all of us Literotica authors find out what you like. You can also send me a personal e-mail by clicking the "Send Feedback" tab, below. You can remain anonymous if you'd like, but I'd love to be able to reply to you!
Thanks!
Love, Casey