I'm 20 in my junior year of college. I decided to major in Plant Science hoping to work on weather-resistant species' of fruits and vegetables to thrive in adverse conditions. I am in a Botanical Research class where 20% of our final grade is composed of a partner project focused on a group of plants. We have been working on the project since the beginning of the year and our parents were selected randomly by our professor. Unfortunately, I had the displeasure of being paired with Jonathan Mckinley. Jonathan was a narcissist, in the most polite terms. I have spent almost the entirety of the semester being railroaded, down talked and questioned about my choices. If I had a dollar for every time he asked me, "Do you think we should go that route," on suggestions I had about the project I might be able to pay for my degree.
Today, our class is going to the Regional Cultivation and Agricultural Experimentation Garden in Newport. The garden is on a 640-acre plot of land mostly composed of garden pathways, various greenhouses, and vegetable rows. It was an hour bus ride from campus. Despite the disposition, I sit next to Jonathan so that we could go over the map and figure out where we needed to delegate our time. Each group's plants are spread through the lot so we all had to figure out where to be and for how long to gather the information we need.
"We should only spend 20 minutes at the eucalyptus plot so let's do that first. We need the majority of our time in the eclipse green room." Jonathan scribbles on the map marking each portion we need to visit.
"Jonathan, we already talked about how I want to make sure to get samples for my thesis in growth stunting chemicals. Plus, I don't want to collect them too early and risk losing the chemicals through the rest of the day." I sigh loudly pointing to the map.
"So what, you think we should do it last? When the sun will potentially go down and that's one of the outside lots?" He turned up lip disapprovingly. It's late July and I had decided to wear a dress to combat the heat and it was a garden after all. I pulled the map over onto my skirt.
'Again with this shit,' I thought. Jonathan was an attractive guy it was unfortunate that his personality was so unattractive. I pointed to the map. "Look, let's just go to the greenhouse first and we can get to the lot before the sun sets."
He looked at me to object but I stared back sternly. He places his hand up surrendering. "Fine, we'll do it your way I guess."
45 minutes later and we arrived at the garden.
"OK everyone, you know what time to meet at the lab to head back. I will be there if anyone needs any help or you can ask questions through the class site. It's a big lot so try not to get too lost." With that, he hopped off the bus heading to the large dome-shaped building.
Most of the groups dispersed in different directions, a lot of them heading to the lab to theories with the botanists there.
"The greenhouse is in that direction. Let's go," he commands following the path.
The building he walks toward is at the far end of the lot. It is slightly breezy out and I almost regret my clothing choices having to hold it down when the gust would get particularly aggressive.
Jonathan was carrying a bit more of the equipment than I was so trailed a few steps behind me while I held the map. "Red lace huh?"
I look back at him trying to figure out what he was talking about. He catches up to me.
"You should probably wear pants next time." He walked ahead of me seeing the greenhouse.
'This fucker.' We walk past a sign stating that the plants are automatically watered every 30 minutes.
We set up our equipment in the greenhouse. The room houses some of the more tropical species with a lot of tall and hanging plants. There are 8 species we have so the bulk of our time needs to be in this building. We are lucky that no one else seems to have plants here so don't have to maneuver around them in the relatively tight space.
We start on the edible plant near the front of the building, jotting down dimensions and overall health working our way toward the back. We are at our 5th plant towards the back left corner of the greenhouse.
"You're measuring the input and output wrong again, the meter is in the back, not the front." He points to meters rooted in the dirt.
'He' s right, 'I think. The meter is at an angle where I'm unable to see the numbers. I need to lean forward to adjust it and read them. I place my notebook down and my palms on the edge of the wall leaning forward. The plants in the greenhouse are protected by a metal gate to keep the more sensitive plants from being invaded by some of the others. I reach my hand out to grab the meter. It was still too far so I pushed through more, my elbow slipping into the hole. Im was finally able to tilt the meter back and can read the number.
"OK, it's 43 per minute," I instruct and hear him scribble the number into his notebook. I try to pull my arm out of the hole but my elbow gets caught. 'Oh no.' I pull and pull but it doesn't seem to fit through. "Fuck."
"You would manage me mess something like this up," he laughs behind me. "You're stuck in there huh?" I feel his body get closer behind me.
"Yaknow," his tone shifts, darker almost. "Your ass looks pretty good in this position. Think I like you better this way." He runs his finger down the arch of my spine. "Makes you a bit more... Tolerable."
'What is he doing,' I kept trying to free my hand. "Wanna be a bit more helpful? Or go find someone to get me out of this?"
His hand continues to my hip then slides down to palm my ass. "Oh, soft." He pulls his hand back and slapped my ass hard. Whack.
"Jonathan what the fuck!" I screamed.
"You know I've had a theory about you." He positioned himself directly behind me, his hands placed at the top of my ass. He flipped my skirt up exposing my ass. He began rubbing the spot he had slapped earlier. "You've been so rigid this semester. I wondered if it's cause you study too much and you weren't getting any dick."
"I don't know what the hell you think you're doing right now but I swear to God if you don't stop..."
He hooks his fingers into the sides of my panties sliding them down my legs. I tried to kick and swing back at him but couldn't reach and stay balanced. "You're gonna what?" He inserts his fingers into the folds of my vagina going straight for my clit. He spread his index and middle finger rubbing the inner sides drawing back to my opening. Goosebumps grew along down my exposed legs and ass. My body betrays me shuddering at the touch. "I'm... I."
"I... I..." He mimics. He slips his middle finger inside of me. I gasp at the intrusion. "Yea, I like you not being able to fight me every 5 seconds. I'll just do what I want then."
His other hand slips up the top of my dress grabbing my breast. He yanks hard at my bra causing my breast to jump out of the restraint. His index finger twirls around my nipple and he gives it a hard squeeze.
"Jonathan you can stop," I try to reason with him.
"Stop?" He chuckles. "No, I think I'll enjoy this opportunity. " He increased the pressure of his finger inside of me.
"You really never thought about it? Not once?" He slides my dress further up my body so the material was gathered near my bra. "Cause I've thought about shutting you up by gagging you with my dick." He pulls his finger out of me and removed his hand from my chest. His hands go back down to my ass pulling the cheeks apart. "I've also wondered what your pussy tasted like."
I watch him drop down sitting on the ground underneath me and look down seeing his face under my sex. His hands reach up to pull my thighs apart. "Hmm, so you leave the hair at the top but keep the rest of your pussy hairless huh? That and the red panties on a Tuesday, maybe you're really a little slut and just hide it well." With that, he extends his tongue to my entrance. I was wet, I knew I was. "Mhmm," he moans vibrating the lips. His tongue snakes into me then does laps up and down my slit.
I moan out loud. It feels amazing. I want him to stop but I don't want him to stop. He presses the tip of his going on my clit and flicks back and forth over it causing my breath to quicken. I breathe out. He sticks to fingers into my pussy pumping in and out of me as his tongue ventures mast my pussy to my ass. He uses his other hand to pull open me up more as it ventures from hole to hole. He began to tickle my rear entrance continuing plunging his fingers into my crevice. The sensations had my body aching for more. My toes were tingling and I couldn't catch my breath.
His finger was completely coated in my juiced he moved his tongue to my clit and placed his middle at my back door applying the lubrication to it.
"Jonathan don't!" I screamed out tensing up.
"You're gonna hurt yourself doing that." He applied a bit of pressure and started to delicately tease my nub. "It's already happening. Just enjoy it." He is right but I can't bring myself to relax. "Suit yourself."
He pushed his finger in more causing me to scream out. "Relax." I force myself to unclench inviting him to push more into me. The feeling became pleasant combined with his play on my clit it was euphoric. He pushes in and out slowly getting me used to the sensation.
He suddenly stands up and stands behind me. "Who knew, you listened for once." I hear him slip his zipper down.
"Jonathan no! This has gone far enough just pull my dress back down."
I hear him suck his teeth. "You're being annoying again. I was just starting to like you." I get his dick hit my ass the tip dripping precum on my cheek. "I can fix that though." He rests his member in the crease of my ass. His hand slipped to the front of my mound to find my clit again.
He stroked his dick in the crack of my ass while his other hand finds my other nipple making it erect. He repositioned his dick against my taint applying a bit of pressure.
"Shit!" I have to stop him. "Fuck my pussy instead!"
He stopped for a moment. "I'm already here though." He pushes in a little bit more giving way to the tip of his head. I bite onto my bottom lip.
"Jonathan, please! Not that." I try to wiggle away from him. My efforts are in vain and he grabs my hips holding me still.
Both of our heads snap towards the front of the greenhouse when we hear the door open. 'You have got to be fucking kidding me.'
"I don't think they keep Foxgloves in this one, Tony." I hear a female voice say. We are in the far back of the greenhouse which is dense with exotic plants. Luckily many of them hang over the paths and filled the middle so they couldn't see us from the front.
"They weren't in the other one though," a male voice responds "Doesn't hurt checking." Foxgloves were definitely not here.
"Put my dress down! I don't wanna get caught like this!" I plead. I try to shimmy my dress down my back.
"You're making another mistake, as usual." He brings his mouth to my ear. "You assume I care." He pushes the tip into me shocking me. I almost scream out when his hand goes around my mouth. "Ah ah ah, if we get caught we might have to stop."
He pulls out slightly then pushed back in adding more length.
"Tony why would they keep the Foxgloves with the Calatheas," the female voice questions getting closer. 'They are gonna see our equipment soon.'
Jonathan kept his hand over my mouth suppressing my moans and pleads.
"I told you to shut up." He starts drilling into me, faster and harder. His hand has abandoned my clit repositioned on my hip to pull me back onto his prick.
Suddenly, I hear another sound, something moving, building. 'what is..." the sprinklers go off over the entire greenhouse.
"Oh damn, let's go." The female voice yells, moving out of the building.
My hair begins to stick to my face and my dress was already soaked. Johnathan releases my mouth going back to drumming on my clit. I don't even care about the water at this point. I moaned loudly as he grunted with every thrust. He trails his hands back up my dress grabbing my chest for leverage pulling me back hard against him. My face pressed against the fence and I started to bob back against his dick letting his fingers stroke.
He removed his hand from my hip twisting it in my wet hair pulling me back. I brace on the edge of the wall. 'I'm about to cum from Johnathan of all people fucking my ass in a greenhouse' I think to myself. I can't help the waves of pleasure that passed through my body.
"That's a good little slut." He growls. "Take that dick baby. Take it."
His words made me cum hard and I violently shook against him. "I'm cumming," I scream.
His speed increases and he fucked me rapidly. I'm screaming and panting. I feel him fill me and he finally lets up slowly pumping in and out of me now. He finally lets his dick slip out and I hear it slap his thigh. We're both soaked. The sprinklers finally stop. He reaches down pulling my panties back up my legs and pulls my dress down.
"The water probably made your arm slick enough to slip by the way" he states.
I pull my arm and he's right it comes through with little resistance. Our notebooks are soaked but the equipment seemed to be right out of reach.
"Think you can remember the rest of these numbers?" He motions to the other plants we need to observe. "Unless you're trying to get fucked again."