As Angie drove her car around the back of the pool, from the front parking lot, I followed close behind. We were both naked from Joey's using us as laser hair removal volunteers so the nursing staff could get practical experience. We had orders not to dress until after returning from tomorrow morning's workout session, but Joey had also given Angie permission to sleep with me. I didn't know about Angie, but I was in heaven. Joey had basically given this beautiful, naked, submissive woman to me for the night. Not only that, she didn't have any clothes!
By the time I came up beside Angie's car, she was hopping out and walking toward me. She did have her swim goggles in her hand, so she was thinking ahead. "Do you pick up naked hitchhikers," she playfully cooed, while lifting one leg and sticking out her thumb like a hitchhiker would do.
"It all depends," I said.
"Depends on what?" she asked quizzically.
"It depends on what's in it for me," I answered.
"Oh, I'll make it worth your while!" she promised.
"OK! Climb in," I offered.
After she slid in, she asked, "Do we have to drive home right away? You're obviously hard and I'm very wet. I'm so horny from this afternoon, I just want to fuck you right here...right now!!"
Without waiting for an answer, she reached over and grabbed me by the back of my neck and basically pulled me out of the driver's seat toward her. At the same time, she pushed the passenger seat back as far as it would go and tilted the seat all the way back. It was up to me to get over the console without suffering bodily harm.
"I want you inside me...NOW!" she demanded. So much for foreplay.
While holding myself up on the door's arm rest with my left arm, I guided the head of my pole up and down the outer labia lips, which were very slick and wet, with my right. She basically put her hands on my ass and pulled me forward. I sunk in to the hilt. She wrapped her calves around the back of my legs. Now I really was in heaven! From the first time I saw her swimming with me, I had dreams of this moment. Maybe not in a car in a parking lot, but she far exceeded my dreams. I don't know why I thought she wouldn't be tight, but with her muscle control, she was as tight as any woman I had ever been with. She was so wet, my dick slid in and out like it was in butter. This was just aggressive animal sex...not love making! The urging of her hands on my ass set the rhythm fast and furious. I was just along for the ride. This was for HER orgasm, and I was perfectly fine with being her sex toy.
With each stroke, my balls slapped her ass and I would withdraw until just the head of my dick was at her love opening. This was so hot, I think my erection was harder and the head was larger than I had been since I was a teenager in heat. She was kissing me when she could, but mostly she was moaning and breathing very irregularly. She was raising her hips to meet my downward motion, stroke for stroke. I don't know how, but we were able to keep this rhythm up for what must have been five minutes. We were both slick with sweat and her juices. The windows fogged up. The car was rocking! We were definitely in straight out fuck mode.
Finally, on one down stroke, she gripped my ass as a signal to be still and began to grind her pubic bone on my pubic bone in a small circular motion, grinding her clitoral hood ring into me. Suddenly, she arched her back, and had a very strong, long orgasm, making guttural noises and breathing heavily. As she came down from her sexual high, I began to slowly start back up my pumping action in a much slower rhythm. As the fog in her head cleared, she smiled up at me and said, "You want to finish here, or go home and finish?"
"You mean we can't do both?" I kidded.
She smiled and said, "of course! How silly of me. What can I do?"
"You're doing it," I replied. "Just keep those love muscles massaging my pole. I'm not that far behind you! Then we can go home and do this as many times as you want."
As I picked the pace back up, she started milking my pole with her muscles in her love canal. It was one of the strangest sensations I've ever had, but it was perfect. In short order, I approached my orgasm. Angie must have felt how close I was, she reached around and stuck her middle finger in my ass, which was wet with her juices and my sweat. She had remembered doing this to me when she gave me a blow job at the pool. That did it! I exploded in the biggest orgasm I think I ever had. I arched my back and froze on the down stroke, shooting a huge load into her waiting pussy. This must have been enough for her to trigger another orgasm, because it caused her to wrap her legs tighter around my legs and dig her fingernails into my back...both of us arching into each other and making noises and sounds that were very plainly animal in nature!
After a few minutes, we had come down enough to speak. "Sorry about your seat," she said. "I guess we should have stolen a towel."
"That's OK," I managed to reply. "I'll cherish that smell for a long time. Do you think we can make it to my house and continue this in more comfortable surroundings?"
"If you think your dick can manage," she said.
It was easier for me to open the passenger door and roll off of her that way. Naked, sweating, and still dripping cum and her juices off my semi erect cock. I stood, stretched, and enjoyed the cool night air on my sweaty body...thankful there wasn't anyone watching or waiting on us to exit and arrest us for indecent exposure. Angie turned and stepped out of my car, her engorged inner and outer labia lips circling her still open vagina, dripping our juices on the parking lot.
Since I was expecting a therapy session, I still had my gym bag in the car. Thankfully, it was OK to have clothes in my car on those days! I reached into my bag and offered her a tee shirt to clean up with and to sit on the drive to my house. There was a lot of juices on the car seat, so I managed to find another tee shirt to wipe that up some.
She sat back down in the car as I walked around to the driver's side. It was after midnight, so the streets home were basically empty. That was a good thing, because my driving was fairly erratic with her head in my lap giving me an awesome blow job. "Just cleaning up," she told me.
We drove into the garage and closed the door behind us. We walked inside the house with her holding my dick, telling me, "come on big boy, I'm not done with you! Let's shower first."
We walked to my master bedroom and into the master bath. I started the shower and got out some towels and laid them on the counter. As we stepped in the shower, we both lathered each other up. Ashley had said we needed to exfoliate, so we used a washcloth on each other in slow circular motions. She kissed me deeply and our tongues mingled as we explored each other's body under the warm water.
She wanted to just spoon together, rather than have sex again, with a promise that she would make it worth my while in the morning before we went to the gym. That was fine with me, because I wasn't sure I could get hard any more...I'm not a teenager anymore and I think she knew that and let me off the hook.
After we dried each other off and she wrapped her hair in a towel, we went back into my bedroom and I turned down the sheets. I wasn't expecting company, so I was glad I had picked up and made the bed. No random underwear lying about to kill the mood.
She turned into me and we kissed deeply for a few minutes. My mind was willing, but the body wasn't, managing no more than a semi erection. Unlike fantasy stories you read on line, my pecker plumbing was maxed out on the hydraulics for the night. My skin was still a little itchy, and that's when we remembered to apply the hydrocortisone cream and the accelerator cream to each other's bodies... trying not to get too sexually ramped up with our efforts. We were both very tired, but I still went back to the car and retrieved the tubes of cream. The car still smelled like sex, but I knew I'd have some explaining to do when I took it in to the auto detailer buddy of mine to get that seat cleaned. Returning to the bedroom, we began rubbing cream on each other's bodies and talked about the afternoon we had and admired our hopefully permanently smooth skin.
It was almost 2 am by the time we crawled into bed. I fell quickly to sleep with a naked, ravishing beauty spooned in behind me. It seemed like our heads had just hit the pillows when the alarm went off at 4:30. With no clothes to put on, that usually gave me plenty of time to get to the gym, but this morning, Angie had other things in mind. My morning woody was all she needed to see to climb on board for a quickie. I think she is permanently horny. She was already dripping wet when she sheathed my pole with her pussy. She told me later, she had been watching the clock for a while and had been pleasuring herself for a few minutes before the alarm went off. Waiting to jump my bones... or boner as the case was for me. She leaned down to give me a sensuous morning kiss and thrust her tongue deeply in my mouth. I returned the action and we moaned into each other's mouths as things heated up. She was on top setting the pace and I was massaging her tits and enjoying the view. In less than 5 minutes, I came with several strong streams of cum into her hot sexy box. Continuing to pump for several more strokes, she soon followed with her own orgasm releasing her own fluids coating my cock and balls and bed with our juices. I could easily get used to waking up to this!
What a wonderful way to start the day!