The convention was insane, I had never seen anything like it. Pleasures Of Life wasn't your average convention with a few stalls with chocolates and free massages, or coaches telling you how to enjoy life.
Pleasures Of Life was out of proportions. There was over a hundred meeting rooms and auditoriums in the congress and exhibition center, and it was placed in the middle of Los Angeles, one of the most populated areas in the US. The place cramped with people.
I had only been walking around for a half hour and I was still in the first exhibition hall, which worked as an information center and map about the rest of the convention, making it easy to navigate the massive place. Also making it easy to avoid the rooms with exhibitions that you would find less pleasurable.
And you could find everything here. A large area was dedicated to food, the pleasures of tasting food. The sweet and the sour along with the salty, the hot and the cold. Delicacies from around the world filled the rooms with new scents, assaulting your every senses.
There was also the nasty corners. Or what I would consider nasty, and other people would consider delicious. But that was what the convention was about. Pleasures Of Life, even those that didn't made sense.
Liquid pleasures was in an adjoining room. Wine and champagne, beer and soda, cognac and brandy both expensive and cheep.
Then there was massages, of course. No convention without free massages. Deep tissue to soothe sore and stressed muscles. Hot stones and bamboo massages, along with the more hardcore stuff such as small women walking on your back with spiked shoes.
All of this seemed normal, but in the corners of the enormous center was were the more unusual stuff was exhibited. Everything from roleplay and crossdressing, to bizarre books and art, to sex toys and luxurious home decor.
It was my roommate Alexandra who had made sure I would get in for free and with a VIP pass. How she had gotten the passes for me and herself, I had no idea, she had abandoned me when we arrived and by now she had been gone for a few hours.
It took another hour before I saw her standing at one of the many staircases leading down to the basement and VIP area. She smiled and waved me over. I considered ignoring her, since she had abandoned me, but she wasn't the kind of person you ever said no too, or she would give you such a strict look that would give you a bad conscience immediately.
"There you are," she said and tugged my arm under hers. "I've been looking for you."
"Looking for me?" I gave her an irritated look. "You were the one who left."
She smiled at me, her brown eyes twinkling mischievously and started leading me down the stairs. "Well, you'll forgive me, since I have been preparing a surprise for you."
"I hate surprises," I said grumpily. "And you know that."
"Yes I do, but I don't care, 'cause I'm going to show you the real world of pleasure."
Down in the basement we stopped at a pair of double doors and showed our VIP passes to two bulky looking men, who was clearly there to make sure that trouble makers stayed out. It made me wonder about what was in the VIP area, since it wasn't described at the information center on the ground floor.
I didn't even get an answer to my wonders behind the doors. There was another staircase leading even further down, then another pair of doors and bulky men checking our passes another time.
The only thing that indicated that we were headed towards something, anything, was the sound of music. Not quite loud enough for it to be club music, but still loud enough to drown out laughter and talking.
"If there's another staircase I'm turning around," I said.
"Why? Worried that your in such a bad shape that you won't be able to make it up again?"
I rolled my eyes. "Very funny, but no. It just feels like we're getting closer and closer to hell."
Alexandra laughed out loud. "Not quite."
The doors in front of us opened, amplifying the music and gave us a full view of the VIP area, and it was even more crazy down here then it had been upstairs.
Burlesque and circus was the words I would use as a title for what I saw. This down here made the sex toy exhibition upstairs look like a single person flea market. The basement was like an entire convention on it's own, and it made me gasp and blush deep red.
Male and female strippers were dancing on podiums, acrobats were hanging from the ceiling in ropes and giant hoops doing all kinds of tricks. Fire breathers lit up the darkened exhibition hall, along with five big screens depicting erotic photos and movies.
"Oh my god," I said, unable to tear my eyes away from the scenery. "What the hell did you get me into."
Alexandra laughed at my shocked expression. "Relax, no one here is going to bite you. Unless you want them too of course."
My proper lady raised mind screamed at me to look away as Alexandra dragged me through the crowd, but I couldn't. I didn't know if it was shock or awe that made me stare at the different acts being played out.
A naked woman was artfully lying on a glass table with chocolate all over her, and people using fruit, crackers and marshmallows to wipe it of her, and then eating it. Her and everyone around clearly enjoying it.
Next to her a naked man cut like a Greek God was acting as a plate same as her, but with honey instead of chocolate. It seemed that everything that was eatable was being eaten off of naked people, while drinks also were being served by naked men and women.
In the middle of the enormous hall a big stage was set up and I stopped dead at the sight of the performers. Two men and three women was doing the dirty work, for all to see. One of the women was on all four and was being taken from behind by one of the men, while her face was buried in another woman's pussy who was lying on her back beneath her. The last woman was busy swallowing the other mans cock and playing with his balls. All of it was being filmed and showed on one of the big screens for everyone to see.
"Come on, Miss Horny," Alexandra's voice startled me. "Or you'll be late for your surprise."
I gaped at her. "You can't seriously mean that my surprise is in here, can you?"
My roommate smirked at me. "You'll see."
"You know, I think I might take a pass."
She lifted her eyebrow and gave me her sternest look. "Oh no you won't. I'm about to save you from your boring life, and I'm not going to let you ruin it. Besides, your going to love it, I swear."
I had always been the kind of person who wanted to please everyone, and as I'd said, you never said no to Alexandra. So I followed her with my heart pounding in my chest, wondering if I was about meet my certain death.
I tried to keep my eyes downcast as we continued through the crowd, but it was hard. Especially when you saw a man and a woman in two cages eight feet above the floor, with the woman stroking the mans cock through the bars. The two of them laughing at each other.
It seemed like it took an eternity before we reached the far end of the hall, and I breathed a sigh of relief. We had reached a roped of entrance to a new room, with a fifth bulky man guarding the door. A big sign next to him read "Main Event, 08.00 PM".
It wasn't an exhibition room we entered, but a theater, Roman Amphitheater style with rows of seats forming a half circle around the stage below us.
The theater was empty except for two handymen who was setting up several of metal trunks. They were supervised by two men and a woman who occasionally directed a trunk to be moved to a different place on the stage.
We walked down the many steps and the supervising men and woman turned towards us.
"So is this our lucky girl?" the woman asked. She had dark red hair and blue eyes, she was dressed in tight black pants and white dress shirt with several of buttons open, revealing the black corset she had on underneath.
"She sure is," Alexandra answered and looked at me. "Megan, I would like you to meet my coworkers. Why don't we all go out back and go through whats going to happen."
I couldn't help but feeling nervous under the look of Alexandra's coworkers, especially the men. One had dark hair and eyes, delicious mocha colored skin with amazing facial features. He was dressed in dark jeans and a long sleeved gray t-shirt. The other man had equally dark hair but light skin and piercing green eyes, his black suit made them stand out even more.
Backstage Alexandra gave me a bottle of water and sat me down on a small couch, while the others sat in armchairs around me. I felt small with their curious eyes looking me up and down.
"Okay Megan," Alexandra was almost business like as she started the conversation. "Let me start by saying that I haven't been completely honest with you."
It took me a couple of seconds before I registered the words. "What do you mean?" I asked hesitantly.
"I've told you that I work in an office, but I don't. Well, we do have offices, but sitting behind a desk isn't our main occupation," she explained herself slowly with her eyes on mine, making sure that I was following her. "We own a very popular establishment named "Lust & Pains". It's a dungeon."
A dungeon? "What, like Dungeons & Dragons?" I asked and the redheaded women and the mocha-licious man laughed.
"She's cute," the green eyed man said with a silky voice.
"Indeed she is," Alexandra smiled. "But no, it's not Dungeons & Dragons. It's BDSM."
My jaw dropped. I had lived together with her for three years, how could I not have known this? She was only twenty-eight and she ran her own business with three other people, why hadn't I gotten her recipe for success.
Then it dawned on me.
"Oh, your joking," relief surged through me and I laughed. "Oh god, thank you."
But no one else laughed. They all had the same steel and stern look on their faces. "Your not joking?" I continued.
"Far from," the green eyed man said. "And so far your in for a hell of a punishment."
I gasped. "What... what do you mean?"
"Later," Alexandra said. "First of all, we need to get some things straight. You have not been very good at hiding your "secret" fantasies, specifically your erotic books, web searches on BDSM and movies."
Panic lashed through me. "I don't..." I started but Alexandra held up her hand.
"I know you've been raised very strictly, and that's the reason to why you've been denying yourself. You think there's something wrong with you. But there isn't, you are perfectly normal."
Deep inside I had always known that there was nothing wrong with me, but eighteen years with very religious parents didn't fade easy.
"It's the reason why I brought you here today," Alexandra continued. "We have the last show of the VIP convention and if you want, you can embrace yourself and be the center of it. I wont lie or hold anything from you. If you say yes, my lovely coworkers will fuck you, tie you up and punish you. There will be an audience and audience members will be chosen to play with you as well."
It was all too much, I didn't know whether to cry, run away or start taking my clothes off. I had moved in with Alexandra when I was nineteen when I saw an add in the papers. It had been the start of my freedom, but I had always thought I was careful when it came too my fantasies. Apparently I hadn't.
"I will be present the entire time, and I will be choosing which audience members will get permission to be on the stage. But as a general rule I will not be in any sexual contact with you, since I am your roommate. I'm there for your well being and comfort, and to stop everything if you don't want too participate anymore. It's all up to you."
How was I suppose to make a decision like this?
"There's an hour until the show starts, so we are going to set up the stage and give you a chance to decide if you want to do this. If you have any questions just come out and ask us."
I barely registered that they left the room to set up whatever they would be using on me if I agreed. I'd had sex before, of course, but it had never really impressed me. It took some time for me to figure out that I needed more then just missionary or cowgirl position, but I had never dared tell anyone. So I had made do with books and the occasional porn movie which included a submissive, and I had always imagined that the submissive would be me.
The hour went by far too quickly and all of the sudden I had to make a decision. The four Doms came into the backroom and I studied them for a moment. Alexandra's personality made so much more sense now. Her stern looks when she heard the word "no" and her confidence.
Everything about them screamed experience. There was no way that they would have gotten permission to do this show if they weren't. Could I go through with it? Well, there was only one way too find out.
"Okay," I said with a shaky voice. "I'll do it."
They all smiled at me. "Good girl," Alexandra's voice was proud.
"But," I added quickly. "I don't want any one from the audience to penetrate me, only you three."
"Will you give blowjobs?" Alexandra asked and I nodded. "Do they have permission to use toys to penetrate and punish you?" Again, I nodded. "All right, the theater is almost full, so I recommend that you use the bathroom while you can."
She pointed down a hallway were there was a few doors and I hurried down too them. After a quick use on the toilet I splashed some water in my face to cool myself down a bit, before returning to the backroom.
"Is there a lot of people out there?" I asked.
"Did you get permission to talk," mocha-licious said and I closed my mouth immediately.
Alexandra laughed. "Yes there is, it's completely full. And before we go out there, you need to know what too call us. I use the name Miss Alexandra," she pointed too her redheaded colleague. "This is Mistress Ruby, but Mistress will do. The green eyed devil goes as Sir and our coffee with milk man prefers Monsieur. Is that understood?"
"Uhm, yes," it only took a lifted eyebrow to make me remember an important detail in the BDSM community. "Yes, Miss Alexandra."
"Good. And I believe that it's time."
Miss Alexandra turned away from me and lead the way out into the amphitheater, closely followed by Mistress Ruby, while both Monsieur and Sir put a gentle but firm hand on the small of my back and escorted out like gentlemens. Butterfly's fluttered in my stomach.
A happy but respectful applause met us as we stepped into the middle of the stage. The theater was darkened with the stage lit up by gentle spotlights, nothing that blinded you or created uncomfortable heat.
Mistress Ruby was already standing by the metal trunks that had been turned into a survey of paddles, cuffs and toys. She picked out a riding crop turned back to the middle of the stage.
Miss Alexandra stepped forward to a single microphone present. "Good evening everyone, and welcome to the main event," she started out by introducing herself and her fellow Doms, then went on to a short explanation of the event and the strict rules that followed. I couldn't concentrate on her words, my only focus was on the three Doms around me.
"Strip," Sir's voice close by my ear send a shiver down my spine.
With shaky hands I started to unbutton my shirt, all the while trying to breath properly. The sting of Mistress Ruby's riding crop over my backside had me yelping and quiver with anticipation.
"Slower," Mistress Ruby's voice was almost as sharp as her crop.
I slowed down my movements and followed Monsieur's movements out of the corner of my eye. He was preparing a large bench with leather cuffs attached to the legs. I could feel myself getting wet, moisting my simple white cotton panties, which I which I was now taking off and for the first time, I wished that I was the owner of lace and silk underwear. But unfortunately I wasn't.
After all my clothes was on the floor and I was standing naked in front of a room full of people, Sir lead me over to the bench.
"Bend over it," he said, his voice clear and I was sure that everyone in the theater could hear his every word. "Turn your head too the side."
I did as I was told and fought back a moan as my overheated and wet pussy met the cold leather, when I bend over the edge. I turned my head to the side so I could see every single person in the room.
My legs was cuffed to the legs of the bench and my hands were cuffed to each other behind my back, nearly making it impossible for me to move. Mistress Ruby's crop hit my backside again and I yelped again by the surprise of the sound and impact.
Apparently the part of the stage that the bench was standing on was moveable and it started to spin around slowly, giving everyone a good view of my pussy and ass spread wide.
"Look at how wet she already is," I heard Miss Alexandra's voice say, and the audience murmured their agreement. "I think she likes this. But I know that Sir is eager to punish her for her behavior earlier this evening."
As she spoke, I could feel a warm hand on my ass cheeks, and Sir's breath on my shoulder as he leaned closer too my face.
"Ten, for the Dungeons & Dragons comments," he said sweetly. "And five, for thinking that Miss Alexandra was joking. Youwillcount out how many strikes you've gotten, is that understood?"
"Yes," I whispered and my ass cheek hurt from the slap Sir gave me. "Yes Sir, yes Sir."
"That's another five to teach you a lesson."
After the first five strikes I knew what to expect, and my pussy got even wetter. The fact that I was only able to grind my pelvic bone against the bench drove me insane, it was not enough to get release and I needed it.
When I finally breathed the number twenty, I was panting with need.
I caught a glimpse of Sir removing his shirt, then Mistress Ruby blocked my view of his gorgeous body. She bend down and kissed me hard, sucking my tongue into her mouth almost as if she was givingmea blowjob.
When a long finger pressed into my pussy, I moaned into her mouth. Monsieur pressed another finger into me and was massaging my vagina walls expertly, and I felt myself clamp down around him.
Mistress Ruby seemed to know that I was about to cum. She pulled her mouth away from mine and put her finger in my mouth instead. "Don't forget to ask for permission before you cum," she said with her sharp voice."
I swallowed around her finger. "Can I please cum, Mistress?" I begged. I didn't know if I would be able to stop my orgasm if she said no.
"Well, let's ask the audience, shall we let her cum?" the audience whistled and whooped in response, and Mistress Ruby wiggled her finger in my mouth. "Yes, you have permission to cum."
Monsieur added a third finger and pumped them in and out of me. I couldn't help but bite down on Mistress Ruby's finger as my entire body tensed in pleasure.
"I think she needs something else to suck on," Monsieur said and he withdrew his fingers from my pussy, and stepped into my line of sight. He was already naked and rock hard. He sat on the bench right in front of me and the finger in my mouth was replaced by his cock. "Suck."
The now familiar feeling of Mistress Ruby's riding crop meeting my ass, stung on my sore butt. "That was a bad thing to do, biting me," she said. It was hard to concentrate on her words and the delicious cock at the same time.
I heard the buzz only a half second before the vibrator hit my pussy. I jumped in surprise and a hand at the back of my head was the only thing that kept me from releasing the cock in my moth.
Mistress Ruby ruthlessly pressed the vibrator against my pussy, alternating between the speeds. I had never thought it possible to cum twice in such a short time space. I tried to speak, to ask for permission to cum, but the hand at the back of my head would not let me let go of Monsieur's cock.
The vibrator suddenly left my pussy and I was left feeling cheated as my orgasm subsided. But it gave me the opportunity to enjoy hard cock in my mouth. Though it was not long before it would be replaced with Sir's cock instead of Monsieur's. It was just as hard and amazing.
I felt the slight chill of lube hit my ass and then the burning stretch of invasion. It had to be a butt plug, it wasn't big enough to be Monsieur's cock. I had never had anal sex before, but if there ever was a time to try it, now was it.
It might not have been Monsieur's cock in my ass, but it was his cock sliding into my pussy. The fullness of both having a butt plug and a cock inside of me was indescribable, it hurt a bit but it was the good kind of hurt and I moaned around Sir's cock.
This time I didn't even get a chance to ask for permission before I came, the orgasm hit me way too fast and everything that was being done to me felt too good. My entire body shook and spasmed before I exhausted let my head rest on Sir's thighs.
At that moment, I didn't have the strength to move and I had gone partially def. But Sir and Monsieur didn't seem to need my help to maneuver me around. The cuffs around my ankles and hands were removed. Sir moved himself beneath me and took Monsieur's place in my still twitching pussy, with Monsieur removing the butt plug before he pushed himself into my ass.
I placed my hands on Sir's shoulders to support myself as the two men pounded into me.
Mistress Ruby suddenly stood on the bench in front of me. She had removed her pants and shirt, now only wearing her corset and a thong, which she pulled aside and pushed her clean shaven pussy towards my.
"Lick me," was all she said and I eagerly leaned forward to lap up her sweet juices.
After a short while, she stepped down from the bench to let a guy from the audience get his turn. I sucked him hard and played with his balls until he stepped away to shoot off his load in a tissue before walking away, only to be replaced by a new guy.
After my third orgasm brought to me by my first double penetration, everything became a lust haze. The three Doms stepped aside to let a couple of more men and a few women play with me.
The whole thing must have lasted more then two hours and I lost track of how many times I came. It was all finished off with me lying on my back on the bench with Monsieur cumming in my mouth, three of my fingers buried in Mistress Ruby's pussy and Sir fucking my pussy until he came.
I felt spoiled and the Doms wasn't even finished. I was carried to a car and we all drove to Sir's penthouse apartment, were we had Chinese and Indian food delivered, which we ate in the heated jacuzzi on the terrace. I was fed and pampered, my hair washed and every inch of my body was massaged.
Everything that day had been a first, but one thing was sure, it wouldn't be the last.
Authors note: Please forgive any spelling and grammar mistakes, I do my best <3