Carol looked at herself in the full-length mirror that hung inside her closet door. She had just stepped out of the shower and dried off. She examined each breast and thought that they were still in good shape. She didn't think there was any real noticeable droop to them. Her hands moved across her abdomen and then down to her hairless crotch.
It had been awhile since she has a steady partner in her life. Her last relationship ended when she realized that there would never be enough room in his life for her. She felt like she was more or less something to satisfy his sexual needs. Sure, she thought to herself, it was great in bed and he gave her some incredible orgasms. But that wasn't enough. In fact, it was for him that she shaved her pussy for.
It had been six months since she left him in her rear-view mirror. Her toys were nice and the woman who waxed every so often made sure that all of the hair was gone with her tongue, but they were not a replacement for a nice, warm, hard penis attached to a man.
*
Nancy arrived at the office mid-morning. The place was already bustling as she made her way to her office in the back.
"Morning, Carol," she said as she passed by her friend. She actually considered Carol more of a partner than just an employee. They had socialized together now and then, but Nancy relied on Carol's opinion and ideas heavily.
"Hi, Nancy," Carol replied looking up and seeing that her boss probably didn't sleep well again last night. She knew the morning routine, Nancy would take her briefcase, set it on the desk, take out the work she had taken home the night previous, go to the break room and fill the giant mug with black coffee and then head back to her office.
Carol gave her a few extra minutes for Nancy to settle in before she grabbed a few sheets of paper that were stapled together. She dropped them on the desk in front of Nancy and sat down.
"There it is, the last two," Carol said with a note of joy in her voice.
Nancy grabbed the sheets put on a pair of reading glasses and glanced at them. Setting her glasses on the desk she looked up with a smile, "That's it? That's all of them?"
Carol beamed, "Yep, that's all of them."
Nancy sat back, picked up the glasses and stuck the ear piece in her mouth. She glanced at the papers on the desk again and then back to Carol, "Damn. That didn't take any time at all. I figured it would take four to six months to get those units rented out."
Nancy had bought several townhomes from a man she knew for some time, Gerry. She had figured they would be a good investment and that the rent would provide a tidy little profit. There was also a thousand acre piece a property that she bought from him also. But she tried not to think of that one too much.
Carol didn't say anything as she watched Nancy, who was obviously thinking about something, said something first.
"You know," Nancy started, taking the glasses out of her mouth and using them to point at the papers on her desk, "I was doing some research over the weekend. And I'm thinking that maybe we buy some more property like this."
"What else did you do?"
"Huh?"
"What else did you do?"
"What do you mean, what else did I do?" replied Nancy with a confused look on her face.
"Just what I said, what else did you do last night?" Carol repeated yet again, confident that her friend didn't do much of anything, like getting out of the house and doing something.
Nancy looked confused for a moment, "Well, nothing really. Made some dinner, watched the news. "And," she continued, pointing at the leases on the desk, "did some research. Why?"
"Just curious," Carol replied. She knew that since Nancy's husband died that she doesn't gets out much anymore. It was difficult just to get her to go out for a drink after work. She also knew that it wasn't healthy.
"Anyways," Carol started, "you said you did some research."
A smile returned to Nancy's face, "Yes. I was thinking that maybe we should invest in more rental property."
Carol sat down, "Okay, what are you thinking?"
*
It was almost noon and Nancy was so heavily absorbed in researching building costs, land costs and related information that she never heard Carol step into her office.
"Hey," Carol said and waited until Nancy turned to look at her, "why don't you take a break and the two of us will go down to the Osaka Grill and feast on some sushi?"
Nancy sat up and took her ready glasses off and then rubbed the bridge of her nose. "That sounds like a great idea."
The two girls stepped out of Nancy's office and headed towards the front when Carol stopped and looked at one of her co-workers, "Hey, Al, want to join Nancy and I for some sushi?"
Al turned his nose up in disgust, "Sushi, hell no, I'll pass." He nodded over to another co-worker, "John and I are heading down to the Burger Bar and feast on some beef. And you know the best part?" Al asked with a smile.
Carol shook her head, "No, what?"
"They cook it," Al retorted with a heavy emphasis on the work 'cook'.
Carol and Nancy laughed and Carol replied, "You don't know what you're missing."
"I'll take my chances," came the last word as the girls made their way out of the office.
It was just a couple of blocks to the restaurant and the conversation was light. When they were seated and had their savory dishes of raw delicacies in front of from, Carol asked, "So what about your other property? How's it doing?"
Nancy looked around as if someone might overhear their conversation, "It's doing fine."
"Been out there yet."
Nancy paused eating and looked at Carol, "No, of course not."
Carol just smiled, "You're going to have to sometime, you know."
"Says who? Troy is doing perfectly fine managing the place."
Silence ensued for a moment while they ate before Nancy added, "Besides, there's a lot of people who own property that they've never seen."
"Uh huh," Carol said as put another piece of sashimi in her mouth.
They ate in silence a little more. Nancy was thinking about the property and how she ever let Gerry talk her into it. But deep inside, she knew. She couldn't think of too many people who could have afforded the cost it took to buy the land. And the ones she knew wouldn't have given a damn about its intrinsic value. They could only see it as yet another piece of ground to subdivide and build houses that all look alike and are shoehorned in together, making tons of cash. Nancy saw the land for its beauty and wanted to see it preserved. Even if it had naked people on it.
Carol smiled inwardly as she thought about the same piece of land, wondering what it would be like to be able to be outside, free of clothes, the sun shining on places that never see sun. She thought about what Troy might look like naked as well. Yeah, she was not anywhere near his age, but she still admired that way he carried himself when he was in the office. There were guys who preened themselves and thought they were GQ cover material. They dressed nicely but that was as far as her thoughts took her.
"So," Carol started, "what does Troy have to say."
Nancy finished swallowing a piece of fish and dabbed her mouth with a napkin. "Well, he was in the office yesterday to give me an update and it seems like it's really going well. Gerry kept the place in good shape but Troy has found some things that have needed work and he has taken the initiative to get them taken care of."
"I thought I saw him. I tried to catch up to him but he was gone before I could break free."
"Yeah, he came in to talk about some things." Nancy looked off for a moment with a little bit of a frown, "he seemed pretty anxious to leave. Something about needing to get back."
Carol smiled to herself. She could see where if she lived in such a place, she would be in a hurry to return too.
"Any way, I've gotten some letters from the guests, if you will, that have said that they really like him and that he has been doing some great things out there. In fact," Nancy sighed a little, "it seems that the number of guests has gone up in the last couple of weeks."
More silence ensued. Carol changed the subject, "So, how's Vanessa?"
Vanessa Gibbons is Nancy's 21-year-old daughter. It had been a year since she was in town. "She wants to move back home."
"Why?" Carol asked.
"She's doing great," Nancy answered seemingly glad that the subject of conversation changed. "It seems that her roommate is getting married and is moving out. Their lease is up and she'd rather come stay at home for the last year of school than try and find another place to live."
Carol knew that she missed her daughter especially after losing her husband. She hoped that maybe Vanessa's coming home would help her to get out and enjoy life a little more. "That's good news, Nancy."
Nancy turned to face her friend, "Yeah, it is. I'm glad she's coming home."
"When is this going to happen?"
"Next Wednesday. So, I'll spend the weekend getting the place ready for her. I can't wait."
They paid their bill and were strolling back towards the office when Carol asked, "If you have no objection, I'm going to take the afternoon off."
"Of course not, Carol. You know that. Going to do anything special?"
Carol was pretty sure where she was going to go, but it wasn't something she was going to tell Nancy. "Nah, just some things I want to do without the weekend crowds."
*
Carol went home, showered, and changed. Now she was pulling up to the gate. With a deep breath, she pressed the button and waited.
"How can I help, hey Carol, is that you?" came a familiar voice over the speaker.
"Hi Troy," replied Carol knowing the voice on the other end.
"I never expected to see you here."
"Well, I am." She waited for a few seconds, "you going to let me in?" she said with a laugh.
"Oh, gee, sorry. Come on in."
Carol laughed as the gate opened and she drove through. She could feel butterflies in her stomach as she drove through and made her way in. She gasped a little when she saw Troy sitting in a ATV looking vehicle obviously naked as can be.
She parked and got out. "Hi there, Troy. Been a while."
Troy laughed, "Yeah, a little different than the last time."
"A little," Carol said a little nervous.
Troy cocked his head, "you do know what the usual form of dress is here, don't you?"
"Kind of what you're wearing," Carol stated.
"Pretty much. Are you sure you want to be here?" Troy asked, giving Nancy's friend one last chance to back out.
Carol put her hands on her hips, "I know fully well and I've known about this place before you did."
Troy smiled, "Okay, I just wanted to be sure," he replied.
Carol took a breath in and held it as Troy stepped out of the Gator and started walking towards her. She tried not to stare or make it obvious where she was looking, but she couldn't help herself.
Troy smiled as he knew full well where she was probably looking and the different emotions she was going through. He did the same thing his first time here.
"Relax, Carol, it's okay."
Carol could only nod.
"One of the first things that Gerry and Betty told me when I first started here is that it's okay to look. It's expected here."
Carol's eyes went right back to down his chest and stopped at his penis. She smiled as she looked back up at his face, half expecting him to be upset. But he was smiling.
Troy walked up a little closer, "So, what brings you out here, Carol?"
"Well," she started, "I thought I'd just see, you know, what it's like. I don't know," Carol replied very self-consciously.
Troy smiled and pointed towards the house, "Why don't you come on inside."
"Okay."
Carol felt that it was a little weird walking next to a naked man like she was. The pair stopped as the heard someone off to the side calling out Troy's name.
"Hey there, Mrs. Jamison, Mr. Jamison," Troy greeted the middle-aged couple.
Carol looked at the woman who had obviously been doing this for some time given there was not a tan line to be seen. She noted that there was hair on the top of her pussy but it appeared that she shaved her lips as they were clearly exposed. She looked at her breasts and thought that the nipples were a bit bigger than hers. She then caught a quick glance at her husband and thought that his cock wasn't totally soft but very appealing.
"Troy, how many times have we told you it's Joyce and Frank," said the woman.
Troy raised his hands in surrender, "I know, I know. Just call it a habit." He lowered his hands, "So what can I do for you?"
"Well, Frank and I have a friend of ours from out of town that we'd like to bring out tomorrow and we just wanted to let you know."
"Thanks for letting me know, I appreciate it," Troy replied.
Carol watched in amazement as the woman stepped closer to Troy and rubbed his cock. She could hear her say to him, "I think you'll like her. I'd love for the two of you to get acquainted and take care of her like you do me."
Carol's eyes grew larger as she watched Troy's cock begin to harden as Joyce continued to rub it. She didn't any more of the exchange between Troy and the couple. She didn't move until she felt Troy nudge her arm, "Come on, let's go inside."
Once they were inside the house Troy looked at her and said, "As I said, people here like to look."
"And touch apparently," Carol replied with a chuckle.
"Yeah, well, you won't find anyone under 18 here and people here have a tendency to be a little free with their, uh, displays of affection," Troy said.
Carol smirked, "Is that what they call it".
Troy said, "I'm sorry if that bothered you," watching Carols' reaction. "You still want to stay?"
Carol smiled and nodded her head, "Yeah. I'm curious now what other PDA's happen here."
Troy led her upstairs and to one of the guest rooms, "here you can change, so to speak, in here. I've got some sandals downstairs you can were if you want." Troy made his way to the door and turned, "Just come down whenever you're ready." He closed the door and smiled as he realized that was just what Betty did when he first got here.
Carol, however, wasn't as hesitant as Troy was. She removed her clothes and laid them on the bed. She stepped into the attached bathroom and took one last look at herself. She also grabbed a small piece of toilet paper as she had grown wet after seeing the interaction between Troy and Joyce. She didn't need anyone to know that she was aroused.
With one last deep breath she stepped up to the door, opened it, and made her way downstairs. The butterflies were still in her stomach but at the same time she was embarking on something that she has wanted to try for some time now.
"Well," Troy asked when she reached the bottom step.
Carol smiled and slapped the sides of her hips with her hands, "So far, so good." She watched as Troy's eyes began to wander. She felt a certain excitement inside that a man was taking in her naked form. The excitement grew as Troy's eyes went lower and the smile on his face broadened.
Troy finally took his eyes off her charms. He had always thought that Carol was a beautiful woman at work and he certainly appreciated how she looked without clothes. Try as he might, his cock also started showing its appreciation as well.
A hardon is not what he wanted now, although he hoped that perhaps it would come in handy with her later on. Troy turned and headed for the front door, hoping to get his penis to soften as well as to hide it from her view. But it didn't escape Carol's attention and she could feel herself moisten a little.
Troy looked over his shoulder, "Let me give you the Grand Tour. Shall we?" as he opened the door and gestured.
"I'm looking forward to it."
Carol stepped outside and when she felt the sunlight hit her body, some of the parts having never been exposed to the sun, "Oh my, this feels so good." She closed her eyes as she could feel the sun soak into her skin, the light breeze brushing her as if someone was caressing her with a feather.
She opened her eyes to see Troy grinning back, "Does feel nice, doesn't it?"
"My god, yes."
"Come on. Let me show the place," he said.
They walked to a building that had a covered area with several tables surrounded by chairs under it. "This," Troy started to explain, "for lack of better term is the 'clubhouse'," he said, making air quotes with his fingers.
A few of the tables were occupied. Carol looked and if it weren't for the fact that everyone was naked, she could easily mistake this for a sidewalk gathering of friends sharing coffee together. She observed that there was a couple that was probably in their 60's along with another older gentleman. Another couple that were more middle-aged sitting with a pair that looked young enough to be their children. Whether they were or not, she couldn't tell.
"Hey, Troy," said the single older man, "care to introduce us to this good looking young lady?"
"Charlie, this is Carol Rasmussen. Carol these are Diane and Larry Baker. The ornery one is Charlie Workman."
Carol nodded her head and unconsciously grabbed Troy's arm, feeling very exposed, "Nice to meet all of you."
Charlie grinned and gave Troy a thumbs up, "Nice catch there, Troy."
Troy smirked, "Well, Carol and I, well we work together. She came out here to see the grounds."
"Shit, I wish I had co-workers that looked as nice as you do, Carol," remarked Charlie.
Diane smacked Charlie across the arm, "You'd better not let Doris hear you."
"Why?" Charlie asked and then broke into a wide grin, "Oh yeah, well there was at least one."
Troy shook his head and turned his attention to the other party there, "And these are Laura and Karl Miller. Their son Mike and his wife, Susan."
The four raised their hands and waved, Karl adding, "Welcome to The Camp."
Carol started to relax, beginning to feel that this was like any other social introduction and the lack of clothes didn't make it any different, "Thanks, it really is a wonderful place."
Troy lightly touched Carol's back, "Shall we head inside?"
Carol felt what felt like an electric jolt as Troy's fingers made contact with her skin. She suddenly wished they'd drop a little lower. She looked at Troy, smiled and nodded.
They entered the building where Troy showed her a kitchen area, "People can use the stoves, fridge, whatever as long as they clean up after themselves. And they're really good about it too. I haven't even had to worry about running the dishwasher."
Carol was truly surprised, "A different class of people then."
"They really are."
They continued on to another portion of the building, "Here are lockers and showers for people to use. The lockers are used by folks who come here just for the day," Troy pointed out. He pointed to the lockers and added, "I'd like to find a different way to secure them so the guests didn't have to have a key strapped around the wrist."
Carol furrowed her brows just a little, which Troy saw and added, "It's not like they have any pockets or anything to put the key in."
Carol burst out laughing, "No, I guess they don't." She looked around and said, "You don't have a men's and women's area?"
Troy shook his head, "No, when you're naked, what does it matter?"
Carol nodded in understanding.
Troy led her back outside, "Come on, we'll get in the Gator and I'll show you the rest of the grounds."
The pair was silent as they walked to the ATV that Carol saw him pull up in. She watched as he straightened out the towel he was apparently sitting on. She looked on as he pulled one out of a box and laid one on the seat for her.
"One of the habits you'll quickly get into is to always lay a towel down before you sit," Troy explained.
"Really," Carol said, unaware of this before. "What if there are no towels available?"
"I don't know if you noticed around the tables back there, that there were a couple of stacks of towels off to the side. But most people will carry one with them if they know they're going to need them."
Carol sat down and watched Troy as he climbed in, her eyes taking in his penis, wishing she could touch it. He smiled at her as if he knew what she was looking at and noticed that his eyes glanced down at her shaven pussy. Without thought, she parted her legs just a little.
Troy leaned over and Carol took a quick breath in, thinking he was going to do something to her. She watched as he reached into what amount to a glove box and retrieved a bottle. "Here's some SPF50. Anytime you're going to be in the sun, you want to be sure to have some of this on. You, especially, will burn quickly and that would ruin your visit."
Troy smiled as he watched Carol apply the lotion to her skin. He thought to himself that he'd love to help. But.
Carol turned her attention forward as Troy started up the engine and started to slowly drive down the path that was barely wide enough to fit the ATV. Troy started explaining, "We have several cabins on the property. Some of them you see here. Some of them are in the further reaches of the grounds. You see, cars aren't allowed beyond the parking area. We don't have any room for trailers."
"So, it's just tents or the cabins," Carol commented in observation.
"That's it. Gerry and Betty didn't want the place spoiled with vehicles. This Gator is the only vehicle allowed."
"I like it," Carol said as she looked around. She continued to look around as they drove away from the cabins and deeper into the woods.
Troy stopped at several points along the way to point out trails, meadows, small lakes. At one point he stopped and pointed across one of the larger lakes, "If you look on the other side, you can see a couple of cabins on the far side."
"Oh, those are beautiful," Carol exclaimed but then stopped, "But how do they get their stuff out there? It's got to be a long walk to the parking lot."
Troy leaned over the steering wheel, "Well, it's not as if they have any luggage they have to worry about."
Carol nodded and smiled, realizing once again the environment she was in.
"Those are reserved in advance. When I know that they are going to be used, I make sure that the place is ready for them, linens, towels and we'll even make sure that the pantry is stocked."
"That's a lot of extra work, Troy," Carol said looking at him, mentally tallying up the labor and costs involved. She wondered if Nancy was aware of this.
"It is. But it's a small price to pay to keep cars out. And people seem to love it and are willing to pay a premium to use those cabins," Troy explained.
"Wow," Carol said in a barely audible voice.
They continued on past the lake and he pointed out a dock with a canoe tied to it as well as a platform anchored offshore. He stopped for a moment as there was a couple on the platform. They could see the man between her legs pounding away. They could hear a small cry as her legs wrapped around his waist.
"Oh my god," Carol said, bring her hand to her mouth, "those people are out in the open and they're well, screwing."
Troy continued to look, his own penis beginning to move, "Yep."
"Aren't they afraid someone will see them?" Carol asked, her eyes never leaving the couple, her own arousal beginning to build.
Troy finally looked away and noticed Carol's legs were clamped together. "Nope. Remember that no one under 18 is allowed here. So, people have a little more tendency to be more open with their passions, if you will."
Carol watched in surprise and amazement. She softly said, "this is not the kind of PDA I was expecting."
Troy put the Gator back in gear and slowly pulled away, "You'll probably see a lot of people engaged in various acts. Hell, when Gerry first drove me around, we came across a mother and her son."
"Really?" Carol asked.
"Yep, his head was buried in her pussy," Troy said blatantly, curious to see what Carol's reaction would be to both the situation and his choice of words.
"Oh my," Carol said.
Troy glanced over just long enough to see that the corners of Carol's mouth had turned upwards. He smiled to himself and returned his attention to the road.
"I have to tell you," Troy started to casually say, "there's nothing like making love to someone outdoors."
Carol had to squeeze her legs together harder. She hoped that the towel was absorbing the moisture that was leaking out of her.
They came upon a small clearing when Carol reached out and touched his arm, "Can we stop here for a moment and get out?"
"Sure," Troy replied, putting the Gator in park and shutting off the engine. He stepped out of the vehicle and watched as Carol also stepped out and grabbed the towel that was sitting on. He stood by the vehicle as she spread out the towel and sat down, facing him and the sun.
"The sun feels so nice," she said as she leaned back on her elbows. Troy looked as she parted her feet giving him a look at her labia as they parted just a little.
Troy could feel his cock harden and he wasn't worried about stopping it.
He watched as Carol reached with one hand and rubbed her pussy, "It looks like you like what you see?"
Troy could only nod in agreement.
"Would you like a closer look?"
Troy finally broke out of the spell he was under and went over to Carol and knelt down between her legs. He tenderly kissed the inside of her thighs and slowly moved his mouth closer to the source of the powerful aroma that filled his nostrils.
Carol laid back on the ground, her hands cupping her breasts as his tongue made contact with her labia. She closed her eyes and felt her hips jump when she felt it come into contact with her clit. A small moan escaped her lips.
Troy reached around her legs and pulled her lips apart as he started probing with his tongue. He had always found Carol very attractive and he always liked the looks of a mature woman. And now he was nestled between the legs of one that he had fantasized about.
He worked his tongue up and down her slit. Every once in a while, he sucked her clit in between his teeth. Soon he felt her hands grabbing at his hair. That told him he was hitting the right spots. He moved his mouth and focused on her clit and he adjusted just enough to allow him to insert two fingers into her moist tunnel. He was rewarded with her hands moving to the back of his head.
He started twirling his tongue around her clit and increased the temp of his fingers stroking her vagina, moving his hand so that he fingers could rub the tender spot just inside her. Troy had to hold on as Carol started bucking her hips. He felt the hands on the back of his head apply pressure as her hips raised as stayed there. Her thighs clamped around his head and at the same time felt his mouth fill with liquid as her climax peaked. After what seemed like several minutes, her hips lowered, the hands disappeared from the back of his head and her legs fell away.
Troy slowly moved away from her pussy and looked to see Carol's eyes closed, her chest rising and falling rapidly with a small build-up of sweat, glistening in the sun, accenting the valley between her breasts. He smiled as she slowly raised her head and opened her eyes.
"It's been so long," she said in a whisper. She got up enough to push on one of his shoulders, indicating that his was his turn to lie on his back. Without breaking eye contact, she swung a leg over his torso and with one hand, deftly placed his erect penis at the entrance to her vagina.
"I have wanted this here ever since I first saw it when I got here," she said as she slowly lowered herself.
She placed her hands astride his shoulders and lowered her chest to place on of her nipples into his waiting mouth. With skill, she moved up and down his cock, interspersed with grinding her clitoris against his pubic bone.
Carol felt another orgasm building and sat up straight. She felt Troy place his hands on her hips and helped her as she moved back and forth. She watched his face for a moment and saw him tilt his head back and close his eyes. She could feel him drive his hips upward, trying to drive his cock deep inside her.
Troy was feeling sensations on his penis the likes he hadn't felt before. The massaging her vagina was giving his penis was all along the full length of his shaft. But it was also putting pressure on the head that had driven him to the brink of orgasm.
With a grunt, Troy started releasing spurt after spurt of cum deep inside Carol. She felt the throbbing of his penis as each stream entered her. She was pleased that he kept driving into her after he stopped filling her and within a few seconds, waves of massive pleasure ripped through her body, starting with the hard cock inside her and radiating throughout her.
She collapsed on top of him, her breathing rapid and heavy. She laid there long enough that she felt him slip out of her and their combined cum seep out of her. It had been a long time since she felt so sexually satisfied as she did at this moment.
After a few moments Troy rolled her over and placed his lips on hers. It didn't take long for their tongues to start their dance. He felt his cock respond and was once again hard. He adjusted his position and slipped back into her.
Propping himself up a little, he looked at her face as he gently eased in and out of her. He smiled as he felt her hands rub lightly up and down his back. He could feel the sweat run down his back as he began to pick up his pace.
Carol loved the sensation of Troy's cock stroking her insides. She rarely achieved an orgasm in this position but it didn't take anything away from the pleasure she received just the same. Much to her surprise, she felt a quiver beginning to build and she started to raise her hips to meet his.
Their mutual pace quickened. Troy could feel a tightness build from deep inside and move to the base of his penis. With a cry, he let loose a torrent of semen. It was as intense if not more than his first time around.
Carol could feel the hard penis inside her enlarge with his impending orgasm. She worked her Kegel muscles in an effort to milk his cock as his semen began to fill her. The warmth filled not only her vagina, but throughout her being.
Troy lay down on top of Carol and then slowly rolled off to the side. Carol lay on her back and let the breeze cool her off and dry the sweat. She turned her head and said to Troy, "I don't understand why you don't have a girlfriend. You make a girl pretty happy."
Troy just smiled, he really didn't want to get into his last relationship. They lay there for a few moments before he made a suggestion, "How about we take a dip into the lake we passed and then head back."
Carol started to rise and then rubbed her hand over her torso and then down to her crotch. She ran her finger into her slit and scooped some of the cum that was still leaking out of her. She looked up at Troy who had stood up and stuck her finger in her mouth, "delicious."
They made their way back to the lake. The couple that was on the platform was nowhere to be seen. The cold water felt good on their skin. Their hands roaming over the other not only washing off the sweat and other residue but caressing the other.
The sun was beginning to drop when they finally climbed back into the Gator and headed back. As they neared the house, Carol touched Troy's arm and pointed out what looked like a small amphitheater, "Over there."
Troy steered the ATV to the left and stopped near what made for a stage. It was not a true amphitheater. It did have a couple of rows of benches in a semi-circle facing a raised platform that made for a stage. Carol guessed that it may seat twenty or so people.
"What goes on here? Certainly not campfire talks," referring to what happens in some campgrounds where a ranger will talk about the local flora and fauna.
"No, though there have been some presentations about the locale. Sometimes it's someone trying to be a stand-up comedian or some other talent," he said. After a moment he added, "that's what it really is, a talent show."
"How often?"
Troy leaned over and thought of the couple of acts he's seen, "usually on Saturday evenings," and a smiled formed on his face.
Carol caught the smile and asked, "let me guess, are some of the 'talents' a little more on the risqué side?"
Troy looked over to Carol to see her eyebrows raised and a smile on her face. This certainly wasn't the same woman he had come to know in the office. "Well, you remember about my telling you about the couple I saw on my first day here?"
Carol thought for a moment, "the one where it was the mom with her son between her legs?"
"Yep, that's the one," Troy said turning to Carol a little bit. "This happened some time before I started here, but apparently he lost his virginity to her there."
Carol's face took on a look of surprise, "right there? In front of everybody?"
"That's what I heard."
Troy watched as a hint of a smile formed, "that musta been something to see."
"You like watching, do you?" Troy asked with a bit of a grin on his face.
"Well, I don't know. I never have, you know. But," Carol stammered. She had watched porn with previous lovers and enjoyed it. She had never seen two people have sex live.
Troy laughed, "You're going to have fun here." He put the Gator back in gear and drove to the house, waving at a number of people that were wandering around and generally enjoying the good weather.
Carol didn't say a word until they reached the house. She slowly got out of the ATV and started up the steps to the house. Troy watched her from behind, admiring her figure.
She turned when she reached the top, "if you don't mind, I'm going to go up and take a short nap."
Troy shook his head, "you want some company?"
Carol replied with a stern "No." Then she smiled, "I said I wanted a nap. If you join me I know I won't get that nap."
Troy laughed, "Okay, sleep tight and I'll see you in a little bit." He watched until the door closed behind her. He turned just as Charlie approached.
"Here's the smartphone back," he said, handing the phone to Troy. "You give her the proper tour?" he asked with a smirk.
Troy nodded, "I showed her the grounds."
"Anything else?" Charlie prodded.
Troy put his hand on Charlie's shoulder, "now come on Charlie, you know it's not polite to tell."
Charlie laughed and headed back towards his cabin shaking his head, "Oh to be young again."
*
Nightfall had come and Troy got something to eat. He had checked on Carol a couple of times, but she was sound asleep. He let a few more guests in. Normally on a Friday night, he would wander around and interact with some of the guests. This night he sat down and watched a ball game before finally calling it a night. He checked on Carol one last time to find her still fast asleep. He smiled knowing that she wouldn't wake till dawn. With the fresh air and exercise, as it were, he knew from his own experience that sleeping a long time afterward was not unusual.
Sometime during the night, he felt the covers lifted off of him as Carol climbed into bed with him. She spooned up next to him and with his arms wrapped around her, they fell back asleep.
*
Troy woke up at his usual time, forced with an alarm clock that made sure he was up by 6:30 every morning. If there was a downside to this job, being up at 6:30 was it. But, given the other amenities of the job, it was one that he could certainly deal with.
He was a little sad to see that his bedmate was already gone when he woke. A whiff told him that she had made some coffee. He stopped in the bathroom and hesitated for a moment as he usually showered first thing on getting up, but maybe this morning he could arrange to have company.
Grabbing a cup of coffee, Troy made his way to the front of the house, not sure where Carol was. He finally saw her sitting in the swing that hung on the front porch, her legs curled up under her.
"Hey," Carol greeted him with a smile on her face, a large mug which she held with both hands.
"Good morning," Troy responded, sitting down next to her. "You slept a long time."
"I know, it was just supposed to be a nap," she responded and taking a sip from her mug. "The first time I woke up it was dark and you had already gone to bed." She turned to look at him, "I looked in and you were all nestled under the covers and I couldn't resist, so I climbed in with you."
Troy smiled, "I know, it was very nice."
"Yeah, it was," Carol agreed.
"I hope that I'm not imposing on you. I really did intend to go home last night," Carol said looking out over the yard in front of her.
Troy turned in his seat to face her, "Not by any means. I'm glad you're here. You can stay all weekend if you'd like."
"You sure?" Carol asked.
Troy smiled and nodded his head, "I'm sure."
They sat in silence for a while as the sun started peeking through the trees. The birds numbered in the hundreds and it seemed as if they were all singing at once. To someone trying to sleep, it might have been a little too much, but the couple sitting on the porch, it was heaven.
Carol said, "This is so damn peaceful."
Troy nodded his head, "Yes, it is."
She looked at him, "And you get to do this every day."
He shrugged and formed a slightly guilty look, "Yeah, every day."
"I'd never leave here."
Troy nodded in agreement, "I feel the same way. It's gotten now where I hate the feel of clothes against my skin." He looked at Carol as she looked at him, "I usually can't get back fast enough and get out of them."
Carol smiled, "I think I'm beginning to understand that."
"Well," Troy said as he stood up, "I'm going in to take a shower before it gets busy around here." He walked to the screen door and opened it. He stopped and looked at Carol, "would you care to join me," he asked with a smile.
Carol looked at the young man. She smiled as she looked him up and down before replying, "can I take a rain check? I'm still adjusting to all this."
Troy smiled, "I understand. I felt the same way, it took me a while too."
Carol watched him as he went back inside. She pulled her legs out from under as they were getting cramped up. She savored the air on her skin. She had showered after she got up and while the coffee was brewing, so her skin was fresh and clean.
She saw a couple slowly strolling down the lane, heading her way. Carol smiled as the couple was holding hands. It was like any other Saturday morning with people strolling in the early morning air. Except they were nude and so was she. As they got closer, she recognized them as Diane and Larry who she met yesterday.
"Good morning, Carol," Diane called out with a wave.
"Good morning. It's Diane, isn't it?"
"Good memory," Diane replied. "You remember Larry?"
"I do, good morning Larry," Carol replied.
"How are you doing? Adjusting okay?" Diane asked.
"I'm doing okay. It's taking a little getting used to, but I'm liking so far."
"I think the longer you stay the more it will just seem natural to you," Diane commented.
Carol stood up and asked, "would either of you like some coffee?"
Diane looked at her husband who nodded. Turning back to Carol, "we'd love to. Thank you."
Carol set her mug down and went inside. Diane and Larry took a couple of towels that were on a nearby table and placed them on a couple of chairs and sat down.
Carol came back out with a tray and two mugs, the steam rising off of the hot coffee. Also on the tray was a sugar bowl and a carton of cream. She set them down on the table. She hadn't even considered the fact that she was naked until she bent over and her breasts hung down a little.
Carol felt a bit of embarrassment but noticed that neither of them even noticed. They simply prepped their coffee. She stood back up and sat back down on the swing.
"Hmm, good, thank you, Carol," Larry said as he held the mug with both hands.
"So," Carol started, "how long have the two of you been coming here?"
Diane looked at her husband. She furrowed her brows for a moment while he looked at her before she said, "Oh jeez, I guess it's been 15 years?"
Larry shrugged his shoulders, "I don't know. Long time."
Diane rolled her eyes and shook her head and turned back to Carol, "I think it's been around 15 years." She took a sip of her coffee and continued, "I'm guessing that this is your first time being amongst a bunch of naked people."
Carol laughed, "how could you tell?"
"Well, when Troy brought you into the clubhouse yesterday, I could tell by watching you that you wanted to look but were afraid to," Diane said and smiled.
Carol dropped her head a little, "Oh god, I'm sorry."
Diane leaned forward, "Carol, don't be. It's okay," she said with empathy. "Larry and I were the same way our first time too."
Carol looked at the couple and could see the sympathy in Diane's face. "That's what people keep telling me but I keep feeling guilty."
Diane got up and sat down next to Carol, "Carol, listen, when you did look, did you like what you saw?"
Carol could only nod her head.
"Well I know that Larry really liked looking at you and he really appreciated your clean-shaven look."
"He did?"
Diane nodded her head, "and I did too, to be honest with you."
Carol looked at Diane, she found that she liked looking at women as well and the men. "I can't believe it."
Diane put a hand on the top of Carol's leg, "Honey, it's okay to look and admire the human form. It's beautiful. And trust me, others are going to enjoy looking at you. You are a beautiful woman."
"Really?" Carol asked quietly.
"Really," Diane replied with a voice of assurance, patting Carol's leg.
Both women turned as the screen door opened and Troy stepped out, "Well, good morning Diane. Larry. What brings you this way?" he asked as he took a towel from the table and sat in the chair vacated by Diane.
Diane spoke first, "Well, Larry and I were out taking a walk and Carol here offered us a cup of coffee."
"I'm glad you stopped by," Troy said.
Carol stood up, "can I get anyone a refill?"
Diane said, "I'm good but I'm willing to be Larry will take one."
Larry just smiled and offered up his mug, his eyes taking in Carol's figure. This time Carol wasn't as self-conscious and felt a certain amount of joy that a man enjoyed looking at her.
Diane waited until Carol was inside, "Troy, is Carol a girlfriend?"
Troy smiled and leaned back, "No, she's actually a co-worker. Both she and I work for the lady that bought this place."
"Really, now that's something I wouldn't have anticipated. She is a lovely lady."
Troy nodded his head and replied, "she is. She and Nancy, that's the owner, have been friends for years."
Larry asked, "I don't think we've met Nancy, have we?"
Troy laughed, "No, and I'm not sure you ever will unless you're in town."
Diane frowned, "Oh, why?"
"Well, it seems that after she agreed to buy some townhomes that Gerry owned, he talked her into buying this land."
"She a city girl then and doesn't get into being in nature?"
Troy smiled, "Oh no, not exactly. In fact, she used to be a very outdoorsy type at one time."
"So, what is it?" Diane asked, not cluing in to the real reason.
"The nudity," Troy simply said.
Diane smiled, "Oh. She doesn't know what she's missing."
Troy smiled, "I know. I wish I could be in the office when Nancy finds out that Carol was even here."
Carol stepped back out and handed a refilled mug to Larry.
"Thank you, my dear," he said as he took the mug from her.
Carol couldn't help but get a quick glance between his legs. 'Nice but I still think Troy's is nicer' she thought to herself. But then, she thought, flaccid penises looked different than hard ones. She liked them both.
The four conversed for another hour as the sun continued to rise. They were interrupted a couple of times when Troy's phone rang and he needed to open the gate to let people in. Carol spent a lot of time listening to the conversation, chipping in here and there. She sat there taking it all in. Here she was, naked as the day she was born, sitting with other naked people, and like yesterday at the clubhouse, it was a setting that could have taken place anywhere. It also suddenly occurred to her that she was beginning to not even notice the nudity around her.
Their conversation was interrupted by another couple that come up to the porch. Carol noticed that it was a pairing similar to her and Troy; she was noticeably older than the man with her.
"Hi, Troy," said the woman, "I don't know if you remember me. I'm Louise and this is my son Eric."
Troy stood up and went down the stairs, "Yes, of course, I remember you." He extended his hand and shook hands with each of them. "What can I do for you?"
"Well," she nodded to her son, "we thought that maybe we could use one of the cabins on the lake. Would that be okay?"
Troy put his hands on his hips, "well, normally people will reserve it so that I can get it ready."
Louise dropped her voice a little, on the verge of disappointment, "I know. We just got the idea this morning. We have sleeping bags and food with us, we go backpacking a lot."
"Well," Troy started, "if you don't mind there not being sheets or food." He scratched his head, "though I think there are some canned goods you're welcome to help yourself to."
Louise broke into a broad smile, "Oh thank you, Troy. I appreciate it, we appreciate it," she said as she grabbed her sons hand and shook it.
They watched the mother son couple walk off with a lightness in their step. Troy smiled as they walked away.
"Well," Larry said, standing up, "we should be on our way and let you two be."
Diane stood up as well and turned to Carol. She smiled at her new friend and reached out to give her a hug. Carol didn't hesitate to return the hug. She felt her breasts crush up against Diane's. The only time she had been with another woman was when she was waxed and her beautician, who happened to also be a friend, made sure that she had removed all of the hair - with her tongue. But there was a certain sexiness as her skin made contact with Diane's and the idea of exploring more entered her mind.
Troy and Carol sat back down in the swing as Larry and Diane headed back towards their cabin. Carol was looking at them and said, "what an amazing couple."
Troy watched the couple leave and replied, "Yeah, they are." He turned and looked at Carol, "they're one of the first people I met here and they were really great making me comfortable and adjust to being here."
"I can see that," Carol replied.
Troy turned and faced Carol, "Well, anything special you want to do today?"
Carol smiled, "No, just as long as I get to stay here."
Troy replied, "You can stay for as long as you want. I do have some things to do."
"Of course, I understand," Carol replied, knowing full well that Troy had responsibilities and that he not spent a lot of time tending to those responsibilities the day before.
"Would you mind if I hung around here?" Carol asked.
Troy smiled, "of course not. I want you to enjoy yourself."
"Thanks."
Carol sat on the porch swing taking in the surrounding beauty and thinking over all that she had experienced since arriving the previous afternoon. It was not what she had expected, on many levels. She did not anticipate how she had adjusted to being nude with others. She discovered that when everyone else was dress, or undressed as the case may be, the same way, the nudity was less overt to her. It seemed natural.
Of course she looked. She liked looking at the men and the women. They were in all different shapes and sizes. She smiled a little when she thought about some of the penises she wouldn't mind touching. But she also admired how some of the women looked too. She couldn't think of anyone, regardless, that she couldn't see herself being friends with.
She also hadn't expected the openness of the sex. She wasn't too surprised that she found herself aroused at times. After all, there were a few things to get aroused over. But she was surprised to find that some people weren't shy about their sexual activity. She wasn't sure she could do that, but she didn't dismiss the possibility.
She knew that this was a place she was going to back to and often. She got up and decided to take a walk. She went into the house and checked the kitchen cabinets. She was glad to see that one cupboard had several water bottles. She filled one up, put on a pair of tennis shoes and stepped back outside.
Troy had given her a basic idea of some of the pathways around the area. She had started down one that went around the backside of the cabins and into the woods. She was just about to leave the last cabin behind when she heard a voice behind her.
"Hi, Carol."
She turned to see Diane coming up behind her, "Hi, Diane."
Diane smiled looking at Carol's choice of footwear, "looks like you're off to some serious walking."
Carol laughed, "not really but I figured these would be better than flip flops. I was going to wander around and see what there is to see."
"Sounds fun."
Carol tilted her head just a little, "would you like to join me?"
"I would love to."
Carol watched as her new friend approached. She thought that Diane was a very beautiful woman. There wasn't a lot of excess weight to her, her breasts weren't overly large, and she thought the pubic hair seemed to accentuate her hips.
"It's gorgeous out today," Diane said as she looked up at the sky.
"Yes, it is. From what I've seen so far, it could be raining and it would still be beautiful here."
"I know what you mean."
They were silent for a while, each in their own thoughts before Diane asked, "Is this your first time?"
Carol looked over, "First time?"
"Being at a place for nudists?"
Carol turned back and looked at the ground several feet in front of her as she walked, "it is."
"How's it going?" Diane asked and then said, "I mean, how are you doing with all this?"
Carol looked around and thought for a moment, "I'm doing good. I mean experiencing a nudist park is something that I've want to try so I was kinda prepared for it."
"Is it what you expected?"
"Yes and no."
"How so?" Diane was curious now.
"Well, I didn't expect the feeling of the sun and the air on my skin to feel so good. It feels, I don't know, liberating?" Carol looked at Diane.
Diane smiled, "I would have to agree. Personally, I'm nude whenever I can. When I'm home, the only time I put anything on is when I have to go out. And then I can't wait to get home to get out of them."
Carol smiled, "Troy said the same thing about when he had to go into town." She was silent for a moment, "I have a feeling that I'm going to feel the say way when I go back home tomorrow."
Diane asked, "Do you think you'll come back out?"
"Oh, hell yes, as quickly as I can," Carol exclaimed.
Diane laughed, "I'm glad to hear that."
They walked in silence for a while, stopping here and there to observe the wildlife as well as some wildflowers that dotted the trail.
Carol let out a short laugh, "You know, I really had expected that more women would be shaved, you know, down there."
"You mean their pussies?" Diane smiled at Carol's choice of words.
"Yeah," Carol smiled and looked over.
"Well, I used to. I know Larry liked it and then I stopped."
"Why?"
"It's a pain to keep up," Diane noted. "Though Larry would help out a lot and he enjoyed making sure that it was clean shaven. It usually led to a good romp afterwards."
"So why did you stop?"
"Well, the novelty wore off and I had to keep it up shaven as it would start to itch like crazy. And Larry wasn't always around."
"Oh. He didn't protest?"
"He did. So, I sat him down and shaved him and told him not touch it for several days. After the fourth or fifth day he simply said, 'I get it' and I've had my bush ever since then." Diane was silent for a few moments she added, "besides men want pussy and they'll take it whether it's bare or hairy," Diane laughed.
Carol nodded as she thought there was a lot of truth to that as well. She smiled as she thought about Troy in between her legs yesterday.
The stopped on the trail as they heard a sound off to the side. They turned to see a couple intimately engaged in front of one of the cabins along the lake. The woman was on top of the man, leaning over him letting her breasts be kissed by the man.
Carol started to turn and walk away, somewhat embarrassed for the pair. Diane stood and watched a little more with a smile on her face. Finally, she turned away and rejoined Carol.
Carol said in a quiet voice, "That's the one thing I didn't expect, was the sex that is in the open."
Diane hooked her arm in Carol's, "You say you didn't enjoy watching two people have sex? Even just a little?" she asked, putting her finger and thumb close together.
Carol could feel her face turn warm, "Well, maybe a little."
Diane tugged at Carol's arm, "We're all voyeurs to some extent. Otherwise, why come here? Why not just stay at home nude? A lot of it is because we want to be able to socialize with others of the same mind sent. But it's also because part of us wants to see others in the nude and be seen. Sex is a natural side effect of being naked. You can't tell me that you didn't feel a certain arousal just now or when you've looked at some of male specimen's around here?"
Carol looked in front of her, "No, you're right."
"You liked watching them, didn't you?" Diane asked, smiling.
"Yeah, I did," Carol admitted.
"So did I."
Carol stopped and turned to face Diane, "but here's another thing, that was Louise and her son," Carol looked down to remember the name, "Eric," looking back up.
Diane cocked her head and smiled, "So?"
"That's incest!" she said in a whisper.
"So?"
Carol just looked at Diane. She didn't have an answer.
"Look," Diane started, "I'm guessing you and Troy have had sex since you got here, right?"
"Yeah," Carol said as she nodded.
"Did you like it?"
Carol nodded again and smiled, "Yeah."
"Are you going to marry him?"
Carol furrowed her brows and shook her head, "No, of course not."
"Are you planning on having his baby?"
"No!"
"So why did you two screw each other?" Diane asked.
"Because," Diane resumed before Carol could answer, "you both like sex. You both found the other appealing. You did it for the fun and pleasure of it. Right?"
"Yes," Carol said softly.
"Well, Louise isn't planning on marrying her son. She can't get pregnant. She's not a replacement for a girlfriend. The both love sex and find each other sexually attractive. So, what's wrong with that?" Diane asked and let it sink in for a moment. "There are lots of times that Eric brings his girlfriend with him and then you'd see the three of them going at it."
They continued on down the path with Carol deep in thought. She had to agree with Diane, 'if they are both are consenting adults, where's the harm? Just because certain elements of society say it is?' She had difficulty finding the harm. She also starting replaying what she saw. She now saw it as a loving gesture between two people who loved each other. Not the same type of love as between husband and wife, but love nevertheless.
Carol looked at Diane, "You're right," and broke into a big grin.
Diane stopped Carol and turned to face her, "That was pretty hot, wasn't it?"
Carol smiled, "Yeah, it was."
The pair embraced and Carol could feel the jolts of electricity she felt the last time the two hugged. She gave Diane a quick kiss on the lips which quickly morphed into a more passionate kiss.
When the kiss ended, Carol stepped back and looked at Diane in the eyes, "I'm afraid. I want to but, I'm just, well, I'm a little overwhelmed right now."
Diane smiled and ran her hand along Carol's cheek, "you never have to do something that you don't want to do. And you're right, you have been exposed to a lot in the last 24 hours."
Diane smiled as she looked at Carol, who had a tear running down her cheek but was also smiling.
"You'll be back, right?"
Carol nodded, still smiling.
"Good," Diane said as she hooked her arm back into Carol's and the two walked in silence.
I was shortly after 1pm when Carol returned to the house. She didn't see Troy or the Gator. She went inside and grabbed a cold drink out of the refrigerator and went back out to sit in the front porch swing. She smiled as she thought about not only the day but everything since she got here.
It dawned on her while she was sitting there that the last couple of hours during her walk with Diane that being nude didn't even enter her mind. They had stopped and talked about some of the wildflowers they encountered, some of the wildlife they were able to see as well as the surrounding terrain. Her only negative thought was that she wished she had done this sooner.
*
Carol helped Troy clean up after dinner when he asked, "There's a show at the amphitheater tonight. Did you want to go?"
Carol stopped and looked at him, "What is it?"
"Well, tonight it's going to be a foursome."
Carol's face displayed a look of shock and surprise. Her mind was racing with all that she's has seen, she couldn't believe what she just heard. A loud "what?" was all she could muster.
Troy looked at her in a way to tell her was serious, "just what I said, a foursome."
"Oh. My. God," Carol exclaimed. It was too much.
"Yeah, these four put on a helluva performance. I've watched them before."
"You've watched them?" Carol replied, with an emphasis on watched.
Troy just looked at her and said, "Yeah."
Carol looked at the floor, "I don't know," she muttered.
Troy let it lie there for a few seconds. The he stated simply, "yeah, a couple play violin, there's a cello, and, oh yeah, a viola."
Carol jerked her head up and stared at Troy while she put together what he just said. Then with a low voice, "Why. You. Bast..." Carol started, a smile forming on her face.
Troy started laughing, raising his hands and backing away, figuring silence was his best choice at this point.
True to his word, the string quartet was made up of four very talented people. Troy and Carol stretched out on a blanket to the side of the seats and enjoyed the performance.
*
Carol was in the guest room as Troy turned off all the lights on the main floor. She waited in the doorway as he made his way to the master bedroom.
"You okay," Troy stopped and asked when he reached her.
"I am. Can I stay in your bed tonight?" she asked shyly.
Troy broke into a broad grin, "of course you can. I was hoping that you would."
Troy followed Carol into his bedroom. She turned around and wrapped her arms around his neck. "Troy, this has been an incredible experience so far."
"I'm so glad."
"I don't want you to get me wrong. But, I don't see us as a couple, if you know what I mean."
Troy smiled and wrapped his hands around her waist, "I know and I agree."
"Good," Carol said with a smile. "But, just the same, I want you to make love to me tonight."
Troy closed his eyes and kissed her with passion. He broke away just enough for him to say, "it would be my pleasure."
He gently laid her down on the bed and started with light touches and soft kisses starting with her neck and working his way to her toes. She became lost in a world of ecstasy given to her by a man who was half her age physically but was much older than his peers otherwise.
*
Nancy was at the office so early on Monday that she was the one that opened it up. It wasn't unusual as she typically put in long hours in the office. How quickly it had grown was a testament to the efforts she put in.
She was in the middle of her second cup of coffee when she detected a presence at her door. She looked up to see Carol leaning against the door jamb.
"Well, good morning, Carol."
"Morning, Nancy," Carol replied with a smile. "Do anything exciting over the weekend?"
"I did. I got Vanessa's old room put together. Repainted it with her favorite color," Nancy replied. "Oh," she quickly added, "I baked some goodies, including those brownies you like. They're in the break room."
Carol raised her eyebrows, "Oooh, I'll have to go grab one before they're gone."
"Looks like you got a little sun. You have a good weekend?" Nancy asked, with genuine interest.
"The best that I can remember in one very long damn time."
"My god, Carol, what did you do?" Nancy asked with a tinge of jealousy and an eager smile on her face, wanting to know what her friend did.
"Spent it out at The Camp," Carol replied with a slight smile on her face.
"You what??" Nancy replied, the eager smile quickly disappearing.
"You heard me," Carol replied.
"I don't believe it," retorted Nancy.
"Give Troy a call."
Nancy was speechless. She could only look at Carol.
Carol thought she'd leave Nancy with her thoughts and turned to leave but stopped and turned around to look at her friend. "You have no idea what you're missing, Nancy, trust me." Carol looked at Nancy for an extra second before walking back to her desk.
Nancy's jaw had dropped open just a bit as she stared at the open doorway.