"Strange! All four of my lovely lads cars are at home but not a soul in the house." Margo Needy explored each of their bedrooms first, then the kitchen, downstairs family room, even the gym area. Giving up she headed back upstairs to the main floor and out the French doors leading to the pool. "This is bizarre. Did someone come pick them up while I was showering?"
Checking out the car barn she found all of her own vehicles in attendance. Having allowed Eric Crowe her tenant, slash would be Master access to her cars she considered they might have all gone on a joy ride. "I give up. Alien abduction?"
With a final shrug of hopelessness she took off on her daily, most days, run toward her three mile trail. Wearing white boy shorts, a cut off white T-shirt, white ankle socks, and tennis shoes, oh, and sunglasses, Margo Needy set out to get the heart pumping. Probably more clothing than her five young Master's might approve of but she did it anyway. She had to have some say right? Only when they weren't around to give her marching orders.
It was a beautiful day the warm joyous sun peeking through the canvas of trees above, birds singing, bees buzzing, even a chatter of squirrels admiring her curvaceous run through their territory. Her territory on paper, theirs by God. It was a shared habitat. This was her personal paradise often imagining how the early American Indian's traveled these game trails, some she and her late husband had crafted later on while using those already built by design at the hands of earlier settlers. Hunter's having traveled this way many times in search of prey. Today, she might be one of those.
Hearing a rustling of brush Margo paused and slowed down a bit in her pace. Only a half mile in she knew by all rights she was trespassing even on her own land deed. The wild life in these parts consisted of pretty much anything from bears, to coyotes, to cougars. She should know she herself was a Cougar by all pedigrees. Still, in all the years she had lived out here not once had she ran into anything near a threat. But, again with Darryl deceased that left her open to fend for herself in the wilderness. Anyone or any thing desiring her could potentially sneak on to her property and take her and she would pretty much be defenseless. This in itself was one of her reasons for renting out rooms to her son Elliot's friends. Companionship and protection! She found both and more in their stay. Rent yes! Damn good sex? OH YES!
With the noise behind her quieting she lost interest, opting to put space between she and whatever had disturbed her nerves. If it were a carnivore it was better to move quickly away and hope she wasn't being tracked. Not many reports of animal attacks were ever reported in a fifty mile radius but still. Better safe than dinner!
"I really should carry animal repellent or a horn. At the very least my cell phone, of course my service gets spotty outside my home. I'll be fine but note to self...prepare better." At least in not having anything to carry she could cup her monster chest to avoid whiplash. Silicone or not her perfect tits were deadly weapons. Too bad they were no real defense against a wild animal unless they choked on the implants. She found that funny!
Rounding a bend Margo Needy spotted something that made her stop in her Nikes. "What in the world?" Up on a tree was nailed a sign that said as read, "Lake ahead skinny dipping allowed within the ropes. Who put that up there?" She knew her rather large duck pond was near so that was the reference to it being a lake. Same thing to some people. The sign looked new so it had to have been recently installed. She hadn't gone running yesterday and it wasn't there before so she presumed it was nailed up the day after they had gone clubbing. Interesting! "Did one of my Master's put that up? I wonder why?"
Hearing noise in the timbers a second round she had a feeling she was being followed. Set up was a better assessment she smirked. "With the boys all missing I bet they're out here waiting on me. I did tell Cabot I might go running today to make up missing my usual exercise routine. Let's just keep going and see what happens. That sign was meant for me to see it so I'll just go for a swim and see if my stalkers go wading with me." With a hidden snicker she resumed her run. When out of sight and certain she would not retrace her steps out came Eric Crowe holding his hand held video camcorder.
"As you can see the wildlife out here is quite beautiful." He documented the surroundings, "Including the Mistress of the Bed & Breakfast on her afternoon run. For those interested, the area all around the facility is designated as a free spirit zone. While the Mistress is wearing attire currently it is only by choice. She too enjoys her personal freedom, as should any who enjoy their stay here at Wildwood Inn." Cutting there Eric chuckled, "Wild wood in her holes!" That was a certainty and a privilege!
Walky Talky in hand he called out, "Slut just passed Skinny Dip Curve. Keep those cameras rolling." A simple reply of, "On her!" was heard from four other sources. For some reason Heath Talbot cringed at hearing one lone, "Copy that!" A sore spot indeed!
Nothing further distracting her Margo continued on until finally reaching the pond. Sweaty which meant calories being burnt away she hated to quit while she was ahead but the sign had significance. Moving to her tree stump Wild Blue Ponder as she called it, she noticed there was a canoe and a rope of Styrofoam bobbers around the edge where it dropped off into deeper water. While never noticing it before, the boys had obviously been out here at some point or none of this would be set up. She had to smile at their ingenuity, this was thinking ahead.
"Don't turn around and not a word." She heard and froze at Brian Hancock's voice. "When I say go...take your clothes off and go for a swim. Do not react to me." A moment later she heard him say, "Go!" Camera turned on. Margo smirked playfully and went into theatrics as if she were in some porno but with a hint of restraint. Taking her cut off t-shirt up over her head she cast it into the grass and stretched vividly, at first jostling her breasts as if to give them exercise, her thoughts on the lake a fond shared reflection with Mother Nature.
Wiggling her boy shorts down seductively yet not so heavily insinuated that it looked obviously staged, she paused at her knees and shared her clam toward Brian. In her mind she just knew she was being filmed. Taking her tennis shoes and socks off before finally removing her boy shorts she stood naked and free of confinement. Peering from side to side as if searching for viewers she stepped to the lakes edge and kicked at the water. Chilly but relaxing just the same. Wading out slowly until the waters surface was halfway up her butt crack as a depth measurement she teased the water with her nails before stretching forward into a submerged swim along the top of the water.
Going under she made certain to lift her ass high enough to let any viewer admire her perfect bottom. Under all the way for a rare minute she surfaced with her hair straight and shiny. Rolling her hands through her brunette mane to see reality she turned toward the shore without focusing on the fact Brian stood holding a second camcorder filming her. Stretching back she let her breasts float on top for a vivid panorama of constantly aroused nipples. Nice! It was all Brian could do not to talk dirty.
"Freedom is what Wildwood Inn is all about. Nature's own way of saying join us. Embrace the wild life where God meant it to be called home. Go for a swim, share romantic moments with a loved one." Behind Brian stepped his brother Jeffrey in jeans and a flannel shirt. Moving in front of the camera like a curious hiker he made it appear as if greeting the gorgeous swimmer with a simple wave. Margo in actress mode smiled bashfully, yet curled an index finger to invite him in. Jeffrey took his boots off in a slow striptease that ended with his jeans in the grass alongside her clothing.
Nude with a well defined physique he joined her in the pond and swam over to hook up. It first alluded to a shyness as if not knowing one another but ended in her crawling up his body to wrap her arms about his neck and guide him into a sweltering kiss. Well received he took the steaminess up a notch and lowered them into the water.
"What are we doing Jeffrey?" She whispered and severed their kiss only for a brief questionnaire. Another round of tongue frolicking he too eased away and mumbled, "Bed & Breakfast Advertisement. Just look natural!"
"Mmmm!" She loved the idea. So much so her hand moved down to fondling his cock which had no problem at all in being rock hard. Anchors away! Again crawling up on him she used her own perfected ease in locating his crown and guiding it up inside her without using a hand to do so. Talent was her middle name! Riding him sensually left the cameraman rubbing his own tented jeans. "As you can see the wild life has it's moments." He shut the camera off and lowered it. Tempted to say, "Cut!" He just let his brother have his fun fucking Margo in the pond.
Brian's thoughts were elsewhere at the moment. Envisioning himself in their place with his stepsister Gwen was strangely making him consider a relationship. Was that even possible? He knew his parents, stepmother would object, yet..."What the hell am I thinking? I'd destroy our family worse than Dad did when he fucked around on mom." A strange addition to his thoughts he saw his stepmother Carmen as he had in the park across from the bakery she owned. That day he and his father Bruno waited on her lunch delivery. Freezing in the visual Brian shook it off. "Come on you mother...fucker! Stop thinking about Carmen like that. Bad enough I'm fucking three out of four of her daughters. I'm no better than my pop."
"Looks like they're almost done." Cabot Ross stepped up to his best friend. "Next scene is ready when she is."
"We gonna wear her out before tomorrow's bonfire?"
"Probably shouldn't! We really could have done this commercial next week. Hell, she hasn't even been approved of the remodeling loan yet."
"Blame Eric! He's the one putting together that porno we can show at his theater after hours and make bank on."
"Pays our rent I guess!"
"What we're charging for tomorrow night should cover us a few months."
"Do you even feel bad us using Margo like this?"
"Not really! She's a nympho. Besides we're her Master's right?"
"In my mind that's just for shits and wiggles Bri! Only you and Heath seem to think she's your actual slave."
"Jeff does too."
"Come on he's crossing his fingers on seeing that Korean hottie from the club. We all have girls now in some fashion we don't need to treat Margo like crap."
"We don't! She adores us all and none of us hurt her. It's just fun to say I own a Cougar."
"She's not wearing her collar right now." Cabot pointed out.
"Mean's she gets punished after today, huh?"
"Punished how?"
"We'll think of something."
Rolling up behind them Eric Crowe made his appearance felt, "Why aren't you recording this?"
"Dunno!" Brian shrugged, "Got the Commercial footage so I just gave them privacy."
"While watching them fuck in the pond?" Cabot chuckled.
"You guys are too." He was correct.
"I wish we'd had more free time to really set things up for the commercial. All of our schedules are so different it makes it hard to coordinate."
"Well we all called off work today and will tomorrow for the bonfire party, so we managed pretty well considering. I'll have a few guys come out in the morning to help relocate everything again, put tents up. I'll have Jeff grab extra fire wood." Brian relayed, "I asked Dad to save some wood from his cut today for us."
"Bruno know about the party plans?"
"Hell no! He'd want to come. Hard enough keeping it from Gwen and her sisters."
"I hear ya!" Eric sighed, "My sis Lily was there when we made those party fliers at the bank. She knows but luckily she's trying to avoid Ben by letting him go without her. My gut says she has plans to hang with another guy."
"Kids growing up." Cabot nodded, "No offense but I can see why she might look elsewhere. Ben's a douche."
"No doubt! About as annoying as Elliot!" Brian brought up Margo's adopted son off in France to study abroad. "Wonder how he's doing with his deaf hottie? How the hell did he land her anyway?"
"Who knows! As long as he stays out of our hair with his mom."
"Margo won't let him push us away, we have her hooked on us." Cabot added in response to Eric's worry, "She can't get enough of us when we demand sex."
"Do we have to demand it?" Eric winced.
Over the walky talky in Cabot's hand they hear their buddy Heath Talbot, "Hurry the hell up I'm getting mosquito bites on my nads."
"They're coming out of the pond now. Hang in there Oasis One!"
"BRING ME MY HAREM GIRL!" Heath chuckled.
"On her way BEDuin Boy!" Cabot chuckled and released his trigger to greet the bathing beauty and her handsome pond sCum. Private joke! "So what do you think so far Margo? Surprised?"
"I didn't realize we needed to make an ad for a non existent Bed & Breakfast? Isn't that rather premature? While I want to be optimistic of getting my loan..."
"What about Elliot's buddy...speaking of Desert sands..." Brian chimed in, "He's paying you to come to France and be his slave for a week or so right?"
"Is that really safe? Even with Elliot there you don't know that Farouk guy." Eric stressed.
"No, I don't! Believe me I'm just as cautious." Margo began to pick up her clothing when Brian stopped her and took her shorts and shirt away. "Shoes only!" He directed her. "As you wish Master!" She was more than happy to relinquish her attire. "Where is Master Heath?"
"We're not done making the commercial." Eric pointed at his camcorder. "This is for fun but I'll eventually make a better one after the place gets remodeled. Seeing as we all played hooky from work today and tomorrow I coaxed the guys into doing something nice for you."
"Right!" Brian nudged Margo playfully, "Considering the hell we're gonna put your slave ass through tomorrow."
"Is that what you call it?" She batted her eyes, "I'll be the judge of that." She was ready to prove to them once and for all that she would do anything for them. Her hormones were charged up and ready.
"Let's get this moving along." Eric advised, "We still have to take everything back before nightfall."
"Everything back?" Margo questioned, "What more have you done?"
"Just ideas we've envisioned for the B & B!" Cabot offered insight, "The skinny dipping part is only one perk for staying at the Wildwood Inn."
"Is that what I'm calling it?"
"Sounds good!" Cabot shrugged. "Oh! I christened Darryl's canoe Wet Willy."
"I saw that." She giggled, "Isn't there a Wildwood Inn already in town?"
"Nobody stays there!" Jeffrey spoke up, "It should be condemned."
"We'll figure it out the closer it gets. If it happens at all."
"It will! I have faith." She smiles at her lovers. "Show me the rest." As if reading one another's mind they all lowered their zippers. As if she had never seen their dicks before. It was funny while the shenanigan lasted.
"Okay!" Eric went into Director mode, "Walk the path ahead and play Snow White! Dance about without a care in the world. I'll do the Narration for the commercial. When you come upon Heath just act natural, do what you do best."
"Mmmm! Can't wait! Lights! Camera! Action!" She wiggled away, ignoring them as if simply on a nature hike. All four boys were struggling to keep up with their erections from hell. Hearing Eric recite practiced comments of the surrounding wilderness trail Margo twirled in step as if mesmerized by the beauty of every single detail about her. Making certain his camera caught every worthy facet of her body she paraded up over a short hill. With the pond still in sight over the ridge she discovered her missing Master Heath posing naked while stretched out on something that caught her eye. "So this is where my old spare beds went."
"One of them." Eric ceased filming to answer her, "We gonna use the others at some point, just not here."
"We intend to put a canopy over each oasis to protect it from the rain and the animals. This is just a short term prop."
"We figured Heath was scary enough to keep the animals at bay." Brian laughed.
"So my future bookings can come out here and have sex on a full size bed amid the splendor of nature."
"That's the plan." Jeffrey defined his hopes.
"Start recording Mister Spielberg." She told Eric, "I'm going from Jaws Jeffrey to Close Encounters of the Heath Kind."
"Take care of E.T." Brian chuckled. "No phoning home!"
Playing coy she approached Heath who went from modelling to just laying back nude wearing only his sunglasses. Stroking his cock he ignored her as she circled his bed slowly and sensually as if he were prey. She found it amazing that the boys would go so far as to bring not just the mattress and box springs out here but the headboards and railing too. They chose a beautiful spot on the shoreline to do so. In the background were ducks and egrets wading on the far side, some venturing closer out of curiosity.
Deciding to venture into bed she lay on her side and snuggled up under his arm, taking over his hand job to get him nice and settled in. Kissing his chest she found him willing to offer passion, something unlike Heath Talbot most days, he preferring things rough and tumble. Lips starving for one another Eric swooped in closer for those intimate shots and spoke as the narrator in saying, "At Wildwood Inn the entire surrounding forest and lakes are accessible to live out any fantasy you might wish to envision. Why be cooped up in your room when you can have the world at your fingertips." He zoomed in on Margo's own fingers curled around Heath's hefty cock, letting the viewer understand the inner meaning of his comment.
Easing back Eric captured the entirety of the bedridden lovers. Lips parting she opted to straddle Heath in a 69 position, he removing his shades to eat her out as she swallowed his cock. No narration he let her soft moans portray the serenity of the moment. Warm welcoming cum splashed across Heath's face as she playfully took her time in sucking him tenderly, her hands cupping and kneading at his balls. No mosquitos present!
Keeping the volume of his grunting down Heath nutted into her mouth and she savored his flavor with expressions of adoration. Tongue lashes to his crown she sweetly drained him dry before crawling off of him and being coaxed from his bed. A fond farewell of waning hands once gripped they heard Eric say, "Cut!"
"That was fucking sexy hot Margo." Cabot whistled.
"Three more beds out here correct?" She surmised with a flirtatious gaze.
"Only one more for now!" The consensus as Eric motioned her back on to her jogging trail. She noticed that Brian had ran on ahead in preparation. She couldn't wait, he had by far the biggest cock of the young men. She needed that big boy after being so worked up in appealing to Heath's abnormally in tune passions.
Hanging back with Heath Cabot waited until his buddy got dressed, "What's gotten into you?"
"Me?" Heath trembled slightly recalling his hotel debacle over at TRAINsylvania Station when hooking up with his old Spanish Teacher Fannie Filmore, her husband local law enforcement Riley Filmore and his biker brother Poke entangling Heath in a close call, the biker gang being gay. Having been bukkaked on he was still reeling from the trauma, even though he now had permission to hook up with Fannie any time he wanted. That was part of the problem, he worried about his own fanny. While he was coping and slowly becoming his old self to a larger degree, Heath was concealing his true to form dominance. "I'm fine! Just going with the promo for the Bed & Breakfast thing."
"Naaaa! Something happened. You're not the Hellbent Heath I grew up with. You know you can talk to me of all people Buddy."
"I told you I'm good! Don't you worry I'll be back in top form for the bonfire. That slut is gonna obey like never before."
"I won't let her get hurt Heath. Neither will Eric. So don't go getting too vicious on our Landlady."
"Worry about yourself Ross! Let's catch up I wanna see her reaction to what Hancock had planned. Should have been my routine not his. This passion shit is more your speed I just went with it."
"Girls might like you more if you offer them romance instead of bondage."
"Says you!" Heath chuckled. "I was close to my game over at the country bar. You saw that, so why question me now? Can't a guy have an off week?"
"Sure!" Cabot just knew something was wrong. In time it would become public knowledge.
Further up the path and deeper into the thicket Margo Needy found her second spare bed. This time though it was only the mattress in a small clearing. The only other difference were four foot metal spikes driven into the soil at the four corners of the bed. She knew that was going to be interesting. Seeing Brian Hancock nude she slowly walked over toward him. He unlike Heath was ready for his bondage moment. So was Momma Margo!
With Eric saying, "Action!" She followed Brian's pointed finger to kneel on the bed, further instruction led to her laying face down on the cushy mattress. The twin poles at the head of the mattress had clips over plastic coated steel cable. Connected to the cable were wrist cuffs from her attic which he applied once she had stretched out. Arms held firm in their wingspan Brian moved in behind her and coaxed her on to her knees but at full arms length. Ass lifted he spat into his palm twice before using it as lube on his cock. A demonic grin at the camera he spoke to Eric, "Do it like they do on the Discovery Channel." Ramming his cock into her welcoming cunt he reached across Margo and gripped her long brunette mane and nailed her hard. Appealing to the camera he added, "You too can put the Proprietor of Wildwood Inn in her place should you stay, complementary of...well...the Proprietor herself. Isn't that right Ms. Needy?"
"I'll hike the room rates up just so you can take it out on me." She squealed as Brian increased his insertion speed over and over again. The boys resisted laughing at her enthusiastic response. "Who needs a golf course! Just play three holes in my well groomed back yard." Nodding at her outburst Brian grinned at the camera.
"Invitation in the male!" He pointed at himself to emphasize the male aspect, then pulled out of her sloppy cunt and lined up to her butt pucker. "Par for two!" With very little mercy he plunged deep into her asshole. She was so used to anal these days it wasn't any struggle outside of the fact Brian's girth was nearly the thickness of a beer can. Margo Needy was a champ. It did remind her to wear a butt plug all day tomorrow to be better prepared for the eventuality of the bonfire boys overpowering her.
"Double Bogey!" Cabot had stripped down and scurried into the shot. Without even pulling out of Margo's ass Brian rose to his feet and lifted her body up off the mattress to allow Cabot to crawl beneath her. Once he was settled in Brian brought her down on top of him and Cabot inserted his cock up into her still trickling pussy. She was cumming hard and gloriously at her double penetration. Looking over at Eric, Cabot added, "Wildwood Inn the doors are always open, front and back. Tell her Coach Darryl Needy sent you." She was honored that they would incorporate her late husband.
"Watch the Birdy!" Jeff swooped back in and dropped his trousers. Gripping Margo by her hair he introduced his cock to her throat. Face fucked equally as hard as those in her other entrances, "Birdy's an Eagle...three under par!" In response to his charm Margo had just enough slack in her arms to flap them like an actual eagle in flight. Eric lost his narration skills after that. All three roomies lost their loads to the avian beauty.
Pulling out of Margo first Brian lured Eric in to witness her cream pie bubbling up from her anal cavity. "Cum on down to Wildwood Inn. Stay awhile! You won't regret it when nature calls. Milk her for all she's worth."
Jeffrey slipping back from Margo's drooling jaws led Eric in to record her mouth full of jizz. "Word of mouth gets you loads of praise, so bring a friend." He bantered.
Panning down to Cabot the blond haired stud winked at the camera, "The driving range is always open. Bring your own balls. TaylorMade to fit her Volvik...I mean her vulva." They all chuckled at his golf ball brand word play. Jeffrey unclipping Margo to free her from her bonds sat up on Cabot and smiled at the camera.
"Just call me the Main Course! Please look up our website for availabilities." A tongue full of white cum ended the show. Once the camera was off Margo Needy hopped on Cabot's beast. "OH MY GOD! I worship you guys."
"Goes both ways." Eric gripped her chin, "Swallow that shit." Down the hole in one!
Helping her to her feet, cum streaking down her inner thighs she could barely stand. Having sympathy Heath moved in and apprehended her tossing her over his shoulder. "Next stop the Duck Blind!"
Charging off with her giggling in his clutches Heath headed down the path until it veered off on to a secondary walk way. She knew exactly where he was going. Elliot's Treehouse! Having given up on the secrets her son had hidden there she simply enjoyed the rough exchange. Heath seemed to be back in form again, perhaps trying to prove to Cabot nothing was wrong. That, or he simply got past his helplessness that day with Fanny. He knew he needed to let it go.
With everyone dragging behind Heath's head start the former high school wrestler reached the treehouse estate they called, Crowe's Nest! Elliot's Aerie! Bri in the Sky! HEATHen's Roost! Albeit Ross! or simply...the Duck Blind! In Elliot Needy's day...the Duck Behind! Sitting her down on the ground Heath pulled her back to his chest and moved his right hand up to grip her by the throat slightly rough. "Like what we did to the place?"
"Interesting!" She gasped. Before her dangling from the bottom of the wood structure were multiple sex swings, six in all. Each of them were on wenches that could lift them into the air by six feet, supported by steel cables. "When did you guys find time to do this? That could not have been easy to set up."
"Had friends help out. Snuck out here when you thought I was at work. Project helped me clear my head."
"Is your job that slow?"
"Of late only a couple hours each morning. I really need to look for a better job."
"Rent is due shortly!" She chuckled.
"After tomorrow night our rents paid up for three months Bitch." He whispered into her ear, "Isn't that right Slut?"
"Yes Master!" She didn't care how it was paid as long as she got the money. Sadly it was her working for it just to get the money. Still, she was happy.
"Damn straight!" He walks her over like a zombie without letting her go and encourages her to take a seat in a swing. Laying back her ankles were locked into their stirrups fanned in her former eagle glory, pussy wide to embrace whomever intended to nail her. Wrists clipped so that she could not reach for anyone also found a third clip with a much shorter lead. Moving behind her he yanked her head back and surrounded her throat with a collar which he locked her in with. She could only look straight up at the treehouse floor. What made it more special was he putting a blindfold over her eyes. No more floor!
"Is this why you call it the Duck Blind?"
"Yep!" He admitted as the other boys caught up with Heath's greed.
Cabot admired the work Heath had put in on the treehouse, "Damn dude! How did you hook up those wenches on the underside of the treehouse?" Even Brian and Jeffrey were impressed, moving to examine other sex swings.
"As a painter you learn how to dangle from high places. I went full on Michelangelo at the Sistine Chapel."
"Respect Buddy!" Eric puckered.
"Suspended six seats! Bri and Jeff can bring out their stepsisters. Cabot can hook up Maria or those waitress twins." Cabot had a certain bicyclist blond that lived in Maria's apartment complex more in mind.
"You bringing Fanny Filmore?" Bri chuckled.
"Naaaa! There's a gal I fucked in the schools swimming pool. I think I'll be calling her here soon."
"Oh, right! That Jenna chick!"
"You look comfy Mom." Brian toyed with Margo's collar then patted her cheek. "I say we do this tomorrow night and leave her blindfolded so she has no clue who's hitting her holes."
"I don't want all those asshats knowing about the Duck Blind." Heath insisted. "This should be reserved for royalty...meaning the immediate family. At least until we make it a special guest room for the Bed & Breakfast."
"Sounds like a plan." Cabot slapped Heath on the shoulder, "Good to have you back."
"Never left! Just taking a breather." Heath simply could not admit the slap to his ego.
"Why do these need wenches?" Jeff questioned tugging on a wire.
"I'm not fully done yet. Once I am we can all dance in the air. I'm gonna come back next week and add steps and belts to keep us harnessed while inside her or whomever we bring out here. Just need one person on the ground to man the controls hooked into the generator up in the treehouse. Once a certain Mother coughs up the front door key so I don't have to break it down."
"No reason to hide it any more." Margo spoke up, "I only hid it to begin with because of Elliot's trunk of porn videos. With my being his unwitting actress it took me a minute to cope with his...twisted crush on me. I blame Darryl...mostly myself."
"Damn right it's your fault Slut!" Heath fingered her in her seat, she smiling at his invasion. "You were created to be man's best hole. Even if that means Elliot. You know Darryl let him fuck you to prove that point."
"I was blindfolded!"
"Like you are here and now." Heath goaded adding a third finger. "Duck! Duck! Goose!" His thumb poked her anal cavity too off and on.
"This is true." She moaned then giggled. "You keep doing that my legs will start quacking." Quaking! They knew and rolled their eyes at her. For a brief moment they were all blind.
Heath had Margo at his mercy so positioned himself to burrow his knuckles deep inside her vagina, twisting, turning, jabbing, appealing to her nerves like sensual lightning strikes from heaven above. Toes curling at her captivity inform those near and dear of her already brewing stormfront. Cabot stood behind her to prevent her swing from moving about under a turbulent sea of juices about her boat. To each side of her Brian on her left, Jeffrey on her right pinched each of her nipples as if clamps to assist in her maintained flight path. With free hands looking for mischief Brian started something that his brother insisted on joining him in. Both reaching up over her gaping mouth curl and hook the corners of her lips like a fish in shallow water. Sucking on their fingers seemed like the right thing for MILF Momma Margo to do.
Squirting heavily to everyone's satisfaction she squealed with her mouth incapacitated. Rejoicing at her violent cascade Eric caught the flow spitting as if in 3D directly at his pointed camera lens. Poor Crowe...drenched by an aquaDUCK. He would dry off on the way back home. Easing back out of range of any further tide left Heath room to remove his glossy fingers and reach over her perfect body and place his own fingers between her lips. With Brian and Jeffrey already there in waiting she now sucked on five fingers at once.
Behind her Cabot stroked her hair to let her know at least one of her tenants cared about her in a sensual manner to override her sense of control and demand. He should know by now she lived for this kind of outcome. Rationally speaking he did but he simply loved this woman they owned, this Mother that treated them like true sons. Heath taking lead again lowered his hand to his revealed cock and penetrated her sloppy angel and fucked her even with his fingers still in her mouth. The crowd around her keeping her in a stationary hover gave him the power and just enough leverage to offer her another stimulating orgasm. Director Crowe knelt low to the ground to capture his balls crashing against her stunning ass cheeks. In, out, in, out Master Talbot had the perfect union. Momma was greedy giddy!
Pulling out just in time to pepper her belly he grabbed her ankle and motioned the others aside. Just abandoning her mouth led Margo Needy to grieve over their loss. Turning her seat toward Jeffrey he dropped his drawers and mounted Margo as Heath's rotation replacement. A sweaty five minutes of constant spelunking and dunking he too yanked free to milk Momma's torso. The spin moved on to Cabot no longer treating Margo like a pet, he now ready and plunging into her for another screaming orgasm. Her sensitivity level off the charts made an invasion force of birds in the trees take flight in a chatter of fear.
Round and round she go where she stopped all would know. Brian nailing her next with only seconds to coo sought his own release six minutes into reentry. Her tummy was becoming a mine field of jizz, her belly button a cute duck pond in it's own right. Four down Director Crowe passing the camera off to Cabot allowed him his chance to get her tail feathers wet. Choosing her anus after so much real estate claim he made Margo react with persistent pants of, "Harder! Faster! FLOCK THE SHIT OUT OF MEEEEEEE!" Laughter withheld but the expressions were priceless.
Not stressing it he simply coated her cavity and pulled out to smack his drake on her overly sensitive clitoris. All spent the tenants union spun her around and left her there for fifteen minutes to go off and start dismantling the bed they had set up near the pond. Cameras left trained on her actions while gone would be viewed later in the evening on her large screen TV.
Momma made popcorn. Extra butter!
"I can't believe you fell asleep in that sex swing." Cabot chuckled!
Her response a sheepish reaction more like a furthered narration. "At Wildwood Inn there is only rest after the weary."
"Your snoring sounds more like a moose mating call, not a duck call." Eric reached for a hand full of buttery goodness.
Brian leaning over her behind the couch to obtain his own hand full of popcorn countered with, "Maybe we should have gaggled her."
"Good idea!" Heath who sat directly next to naked slave Margo relieved her of the popcorn bowl in her possession, passing it off to Cabot. Standing up to drag her to her feet he moved her over the coffee table face down and made her outstretch her arms to hold the sides, rope ties brought up to tie her wrists into place. Her feet resting up on the sofa cushion at Eric's assist she looked as if she were flying. Stepping in between she and the TV, Heath knelt down and lifted up a fashioned duck call with a ball gag band attached to it. Pulling the band around her head for a tight fit he placed the duck call between her lips.
"Bedtime! Reed it and weep Slut!" The interior reed had been removed so peace was in the blind.
Jeffrey manning the remote switched off their movie and put it on an earlier recorded film of just the duck pond in all of it's serenity. Lights out the boys took her popcorn and left her to PONDer tomorrow nights bonfire.
Duck Dynasty!
They really should have let her pee first!
____________________________
COUGAR HOUSE 34 MINOR DETAIL coming in April ( Guaranteed )