This is a follow-up, not exactly a sequel, to my story, BeachCombing, which you might want to read first, but that I'll try to recap and move on.
In BeachCombing, my wife, Anne (ok, not her name, but the name I used in writing a story about us), and I visited a nude beach on vacation. We met Rick, a naturist local resident, on the beach, and that led to an MFM evening of pleasure for all three involved. Shortly after that, I regret that Anne exited my life, for unrelated reasons I'm not going to explain here. Life's complicated, as I'm sure you know.
I was majorly bummed for a while, but I remembered that nude beach adventure with fondness, and it had nothing to do with my finding myself alone, working along through life in my job in city government, enjoying watching my adult kids thrive (from a distance), and just basically getting along.
Since I'd written Literotica stories before, I took it up again, and after a couple of months on my own, I posted the BeachCombing story, sort of an homage to that great day. As you can see if you look it up, it got a pretty good response, and requests for a follow-up. It turns out there's a story there as well, involving Rick's wife, Linda. But again, this isn't that story - maybe I'll get to that one someday, and it's a great memory as well.
More to the point, I'd taken some photos that day on the beach, before Anne and I met up with Rick, and had induced Anne to take a couple of me, just as a lark, all with my cell phone, so mostly just snaps - no real posing or artistry to it, and nothing even seductive much less pornographic. Being on a nearly deserted nude beach, nude - and taking photos and having photos taken - was admittedly a turn-on at the time. In later months, I occasionally retrieved the photos in the computer, just to reflect and enjoy the memories. One day, while reading over a story in the Illustrated category that included actual photos of actual people, it occurred to me that I could crop and add some of the photos, resubmitting the BeachCombing story in an illustrated version, without showing Anne's face, nor mine. I rationalized that doing that wouldn't really be a violation of any personal privacy, since we'd both be unrecognizable unless a close comparison were made of the photos and us nude, which wasn't going to happen, naturally.
Accordingly, I registered under a new author name and, with an intro that said it was a reprint of someone else's work, edited to include the new author's photos, I cropped and inserted and republished the story, confident I'd protected the various identities and hopeful that the "Illustrated" readers would appreciate the story as much as the "Exhibitionist" folks had. It took no more than a day after the story was published for the scores and comments to accumulate. Checking back the following day, I was stunned to see one comment: "Ah, I recognize you! Both you and 'Anne' are looking good, tiger!"
Yikes - someone claiming to have recognized me, or her?! How!? I immediately retracted the story, and so unless you happened to be reading that day, you never got to see or read it. Then I sat back and waited, I wasn't sure for what.
I figured that if it were just a bluff, no harm had been done by my pulling the story, and nothing further would transpire. If it were true, I'd erased as well as I could, and I'd just have to deal with whatever if and when it came to pass. I realized that if the word got out here locally, my city management job could be on the line, despite my having done nothing illegal or unethical, but just for the city to save face and move on from me, who would be branded a pervert at least - porn writer, indeed! How in the world someone might think they recognized either of us, with our heads cropped out of the photos was beyond me. Worse, since 'Anne' and I had lived in the same town for years, and never anywhere else since before we'd met, if it were true, it might well be someone from around here - that didn't change the best case, but it sure made the worst case even worse!
Over the next week or two I still worried, but less so with each passing day of silence on all fronts, including no further responses or messages on the site.
Then a couple of weeks later, I attended a gathering at a friend's home. It was the typical wine and snacks, people milling around, several conversations going along in groups, while others, me included, just sort of drifted and chatted and moved on. After about an hour of unremarkable but pleasant wining and munching, I went to the guest restroom down the hall from the great room and kitchen where most of the folks were. I relieved myself of some of the wine, flushed, washed, dried and exited, finding Catherine, an old friend of 'Anne's', waiting outside the door. I figured she was just in line to use the facilities, so stepped aside to walk around her back to the party. She stepped back herself, not quite blocking my way, but obviously not moving into the bathroom.
I remarked, "Hi, Catherine. Nice gathering," or something similarly innocuous. She smiled at me and said, "Nice tattoo, Mike! Like I said, looking good, tiger!" And with that, she breezed by me into the bathroom and I heard the door click locked.
I was as stunned as I had been when seeing the initial online comment! OK, I had been recognized, and it had been due to that damned tattoo, that I hadn't even realized was visible in the picture. I'd gotten it years ago when in the service, and it had become a somewhat regretted but accepted part of me that I didn't even notice it or think to blur it out for the story - I was all focused on the faces and mostly on 'Anne's', since she'd have had a fit if she knew I'd posted a nude photo of her on a website. OK, and rightly so. But the tattoo - it's high on the outside of my thigh, such that you wouldn't see it unless I were wearing really short shorts, which I never did, all my gym shorts and bathing suits being the long baggy type, so I was sure that neither Catherine nor anyone in town had ever seen it or even knew of it.
I left the party right away, got home, and reviewed the photos I'd used. Sure enough, about half of it was visible, and that not really identifiable unless you knew what you were looking for - so how in the hell did she know about it?
Moments later, my cell phone rang. "MIke, you left in a hurry - why didn't you stick around?" Catherine's voice said, and I could hear the teasing in it.
Still not convinced of the situation, I said, "Oh, I'd just had enough wine, I guess."
"Nothing to do with the tattoo remark?"
"What - did you make a tattoo remark?" I blustered.
"It's really cute, from what I saw, until you took down the story, that is. You're probably wondering, but 'Anne' told me about it a long time ago, and I was curious then, so she described it. When I read the story and saw the photos of you both, with the tattoo peeking around there, it came back to me and I guessed it might be you. And then when I read the more intimate descriptions of you two, I knew it had to be you. Of course, there are parts of you, and her, that I had only heard about until then, but like I said, you looked - make that look - good!"
I knew I could continue to deny, but I also knew I was busted!
What I worried about was what she had in mind to do with the information, not knowing if maybe she'd managed to copy the whole story herself and so now had proof of the whole thing. I certainly didn't want the photos to get out, and I didn't want the story, or the fact that I wrote erotic stories in my spare time to get out. I had to delve further to know just what to do.
"Ah, so from what I gather, you were told about a tattoo I have, and now you have connected it with some story with photos that you think is about and of and by me?"
"Yup, that about sums it up. The fact that the photos were at the beach, and mostly of 'Anne' in the nude, but with one memorable shot of you full frontal up to the shoulders, should tell you that I'm not just making this up. Oh, and I did some Sherlocking, and found the original story under your other name, so now I've managed to read all your submissions, you naughty, naughty, but so erotic, boy!"
She was right on having seen the story, and now no doubt had busted all my stories, which are pretty personal and all containing some truth, some maybe not so true. Dammit.
"So, what now? I'm glad you enjoyed whatever it is you enjoyed, and if the guy in the photos was attractive, I'm flattered."
"Well, I've given that some thought, and I'm thinking you should come over to my place next Saturday, say at about 10 in the morning? and we can discuss it further."
"Ah, ok, see you then. I trust that, uh, until then I can trust your discretion?"
"Oh, absolutely!" she laughed. "This isn't about exposing you - you've already done that! I just want to chat, find out about the whole story with the fisherman - that really sounded hot - that sort of thing!"
"Not sure what fisherman you're talking about, but ok, I'll see you then," I mumbled, still bluffing, and hung up, thoughts racing without getting anywhere, really. I was busted, she'd kept quiet this long, maybe she really was just sort of voyeuristically interested.
Catherine, for the record, is about 5'5", maybe 130, 140 well-toned pounds, brunette, average figure, probably C cups thanks to the very few extra pounds she carried (and maybe even some "work" - they did look fine and she was wealthy, so that was a possibility. . . ), and those apportioned nicely between breasts and tush. She and 'Anne' were good friends, although Catherine was always the teasing, adventurous one of the two.
Catherine's husband, Dan, is a workaholic real estate developer, frequently traveling around the country but also locally involved and perceived as a pillar of the community, with charity support and club doings. He makes a lot more money than I do, but he is also frequently absent, working I guess, from seeing her go to various activities on her own, like the cocktail party that night. They live very well, out on the lake in a house way bigger than they need, and from what I'd heard, both of them drink a bit more than they should, but there are no rumors I'd heard of fights or infidelity or anything, just living well and busy at things that aren't with each other all that much. Dan's weight has crept up a bit over the past decade or so, so he has that soft country club golfer thing going. Fun at a party, hardly a threat. Basically, nice folks that I'd lost track of when I found myself socially solo.
The following Saturday, I was up early. I showered, dressed in thin loose beige linen trousers and an untucked oxford cloth button down with sockless topsiders (it was warm weather again by then), and drove over to her house. I should insert here that in this regard, I'd become way paranoid and so had my cell phone in my pocket, along with another fully charged power supply - amazing how small they can make those things these days. I'd pretested it, and with the thin linen trousers and the thing adjusted, I'd gotten it so that while unobtrusive, it could pick up reasonably close conversations even when pocketed. My plan was to get enough incriminating conversation on my phone that there would be no way that Catherine and Dan would want the truth known, at all. Socially, they had even more to lose than I did, since his business and their fancy lifestyle depended on the bigwigs who kept very straight laced lives publicly, regardless of any private predilections. I could lose a job, but I was solo and could find another somewhere in the country, and for reasons that don't matter here, I wouldn't starve even if I never worked again.
I'd forgotten, not having seen Catherine for maybe a year and never having been to their house, just how well they did live. I parked in the gravel circular drive, walked up onto the porch of what I'd call a McMansion, where the main door was open, a screen door closed against the flying vermin, I guess. I hit the record button on the phone in my pocket, and rang the bell.
"Come on in, Mike! It's Open!" I heard a female voice call and stepped in, managing to close both doors behind me. "I'm back here - in the kitchen!" she continued. I followed the voice and found Catherine attending to a blender of something or other at the counter. She was in a yellow gauze kind of material sort of a sundress that was backless, with no sign of a bra and no sign of any tan lines on her nicely toned back or shoulders. She left the blender, wiping her hands on a dish towel and came over to me. I registered that the sundress buttoned all the way down the front from a scoop neck that gave a hint of cleavage. Even more enticingly, the material was thin enough to show, if I used my imagination a little, the darker outline of her areolae, and it was soft enough to definitely show two nipples pushing outward. The bottom several buttons and one top one were undone, suggesting wonderful territory within. She offered, and we shared a quick hug and an air kiss on her part, a cheek kiss on mine (I never did understand air kisses, so when offered a cheek, I go for it). Returning to the counter, her hips made that dress do all manner of lovely movement, and I couldn't make out any panty line or shading, despite the sun shining in ahead of her on her way, letting me see her legs through it. Very sexy indeed.
I hauled my head out of there, reminding myself that I was here to figure out just how to deal with this discovery of my alter ego erotic author and amateur nude photographer, including exposing my own junk - what an idiot I'd been to post that, even for a day!
"Care for an Orange Blossom?" Catherine said, twirling around when we got to the kitchen, and likely seeing me staring at her. "I got a head start," she added, picking up a half full glass of the concoction. I could see the pitcher of orange juice and the bottle of gin next to the blender.
"Sure," I said to the drink offer, deciding that I wanted not to put her off in any way. Catherine poured a fresh one for me (gin, and with just a bit of a zing - just the way I like them) and said, "I'll bet you're wondering just what's up, huh?"
"Well, yeah." I answered.
"Well, like I said, I'd like to hear from you just how much of that BeachCombing story was real and how much you made up. What I read, and saw, was really hot."
"OK, so you read erotic stories, I take it, and read that one? Did you happen to copy it when it was there?"
"Would I do something like that?" she cooed, then pointed at the wall behind me. There, projected on the bare white wall from floor to ceiling, was the photo of me naked, my unimpressive dick hanging down, the shot cropped off at the neck, but me sure enough, with the tattoo showing. I had to admit, they had a nice projection system, and with my being about 8 feet tall in the photo, it was probably the only time I'd have such a prodigious sized soft dick - if you ignored the rest of the scale, that is.
"You know, I'm going to have to have any and all copies of the story and all the photos. From both of you. Any way you can assure that?"
"Well, you'll have to take my word for it, I suppose, but don't worry - there aren't any except on the little memory stick that's in the projector now, so that part's simple. Besides, how would I explain having them without embarrassing myself in the process?" I didn't object, but knew good and well that she could expose me anonymously without any risk to herself.
"OK then, give the stick to me now, please." I said, as firmly but without real anger as I could.
"Oh, we'll get to that, I promise. When you leave today, this will all never have happened. But before you leave, we have some, uh, things to cover - or uncover!" she laughed.
"So, you're blackmailing me to get the story and photos back?" I wanted that to be clear on the recording.
"Ooh, you make it sound so nefarious!" Catherine giggled. "I guess it's sort of blackmail, but we want it to be a fun sort of blackmail!" Hoping the recorder was working, I had what I needed - her admitting to intentional blackmail, never mind that the payoff wasn't going to be in money. I breathed a sigh of relief, which probably sounded like resignation to her. She continued, "I just think it's a hoot that I caught you with not only your pants down but pants nowhere to be seen, and that I've discovered I know someone who has as dirty a mind as I do!"
"And what's your price?" I pressed.
"Mmm... Well, first off, I really do need to check and make sure that you're really him," she said, pointing to my naked image on the wall. "After all, you might be an imposter!" and she laughed some more, as if there were any credence to such a theory. "So, I think it's time for you to get naked, since naked seems to be the only way I can really check for authenticity!"
She leaned back on her bar stool, Bloody Mary in hand, for the show. I had no real out that I could think of, and as I reflected on it, I realized that being nude here, with an attractive woman, might just work out very well indeed. Proceeding slowly, I shucked off my shoes, standing on a thick rug about 8 feet away from her. I calculated I needed to make the depantsing thing something that wouldn't expose the recording that was still proceeding in my pocket.
"Before we get too far, is there a restroom I could use? My morning coffee is working its way."
"Sure, right down the hall, first door on the left," Catherine said.
I went down the hall, closed the small guest bathroom door behind me, and took a long leak, thinking. Taking off my shirt and pants, I checked the phone that was still recording, closed the app, turned the phone off, unplugged the power supply and tucked it in the back pocket inside my handkerchief, restowed the phone in one front pants pocket, my keys still in the other, rolled up the underwear in the pants and the pants in the shirt, making a small thick tube out of the ensemble. Then I washed and flushed and exited, walking back down the hallway naked, with the clothes in hand.
Reaching the kitchen, I nonchalantly (I hoped) put the clothes aside, hoping that after my feigned reluctance, the surprise of my nudity would keep her from noticing the pants altogether.
"Ok, then, here you go!" I said, and stood, arms akimbo, in front of her. With all the concern I had about how to pull this off, I was anything but excited at that point, and my appendage was merely dangling.
Catherine squealed in delight - "Perfect! Now, I've got to check this out up close!" She jumped off her stood, leaving her drink behind. Now I was standing, feet a foot or so apart, embarrassed - if a guy's going to be naked, the least he could do is have an erection, right? Maybe I could just relax a bit, now that the recording was a done deal.
She circled me, eyeing me up and down, then studying the tattoo carefully, looking back and forth at the projected image on the wall. Then she softly brushed her hand over the tattoo, and I jumped at the touch.
"Hey, I don't recall touching being part of the deal," I said, not much meaning it at all.
"Oh, well, then, recall I said 'first off' I needed to see you, not that first off meant that was all - and I don't recall your saying not to touch!" She grinned, proud of her logic maybe, maybe just enjoying the power moment that was going on.
She proceeded to stroke the tattoo, and as I said, it was high on my thigh, and stroking there was certainly close enough to be stimulating neighboring nerve endings as well, and sure enough, I felt a swelling taking place, maybe from the touching, maybe from the exposure - I didn't care - it was a nice feeling, of course.
"Ooh, it gets bigger!" Catherine chirped happily, obviously no longer focused on the tattoo.
"Not surprising - hell, I'm here naked with a deliciously beautiful woman, and I'm getting my thigh stroked - I'd have to be dead or at least ancient not to have that at least start to happen!" I chuckled back at her, working on segueing from offended blackmailee to potential seducer, or seducee, as the situation seemed to be indicating.
"Hmm. Care to show just how much bigger it can get?" Catherine asked, her hand moving to cup my buttock cheek, squeezing it to test for its own firmness I figured.
"Is that included in the price of the photos?" I smiled back at her.
"It most certainly is now," she said.
"Well, it may take some additional show of appreciation if it's going to reach its max, you know."
"I think I can manage that - you're a tough negotiator. Oh, look at that - I should say a hard negotiator now, huh?"
"Oh, yeah, definitely getting there, at least," I managed, trying not to get too erect too soon - now that I had the recording done, I was all for loosening up and doing some mutual appreciation.
Catherine reached out and ran her fingers along the increasing shaft, eliciting small jerks of pleasure from both my hips and my cock, which by that time was well on its way.
"Mmmm," Catherine said, after several moments of bliss for me. I felt as hard as I ever do, and knew there wasn't any further growth to be had, but I was in no hurry to end the experiment. "Looks like this is about it, wouldn't you say?"
"Yep, I think you've got it all, such as it is."
"Such as it is?" Catherine asked, letting go and obviously enjoying watching it pulse on its own.
"Well, I'm not exactly porn star material - that's no surprise to me, and shouldn't be to you if you read the story . . . oh, and if the story's true, of course."
"I certainly did read the story, and as I recall, your manly virtue was more invested in your endurance, not in your size. And I do love it when a man endures. Now, I believe the next part of the payment is due. So, any preferences, Mike?"
"Well, I'd sort of like to know the whole plan, then I can answer, I guess."
"No real plan, just somebody who loved the story and the idea that you can go on and on, and I'd like to find out just how on and on that might be."
"And what about Dan?"
"What about what about Dan? He's not here, he's out of town. He's always out of town. Besides, we have sort of an understanding."
"Sort of an understanding?"
"Listen, I don't want to get all sidetracked here. But it's ok. He'll be ok with it if I ever tell him, in fact, he'll get off on it, which means even more fun for both him and me, so, just take my word for it, it's ok."
"Hmm," I said, mulling this news over to check if it were: (a) believable, and (b) if it was did I want to get involved, and (c) if it wasn't did I want to get involved.
Seeing that I was working through all this, Catherine resumed stroking my cock with her fingertips, ever so lightly, and in about a second of deep deliberation, my dick was suddenly doing all the thinking for me, and I'd had my mind made up.
Giving in to the inevitable, and not reluctantly at all, I said, "Well, in that case, I think it's time for you to match me in the lack of clothing, and for us to find someplace that's more comfortable to be horizontal than here on the tile floor. By the way, how much time do we have?"
"All day long - all night if you like. But just in case, give me your keys - I'll move your car into the garage if no one's out and about. We're pretty shielded from other homes out here, but if there's someone passing by, well, we do have appearances to maintain.
Damn, the keys were in my pants - I'd have to take the initiative, since I still didn't want her finding the cell phone and possibly figuring out I was recording! "I'll get them for you - nobody else here, is there? Maid, cleaning lady?"
"No, nobody," she said, to my back, as I headed out, quickly finding the keys in my rolled up clothes and giving them to her, my dick back to full soft due to the sudden shift in focus. I knew that it would reassume its former self once this car thing was done, and I was trying not to look nervous.
"Anything wrong, Mike?" Catherine asked, picking up on my abrupt shift, and looking at my shriveled member with a look of worry, or at least disappointment.
"No, nothing - I'm still processing your understanding and I'm not used to doing this sort of thing," I said as she opened the front door (and I dodged behind a wall), looked around, then hit a button on a remote she'd picked up, and headed out. I heard a garage door open, my car start, and so forth, and soon she was back, cheerful as ever. She handed me the keys and walked back down the hall as I repocketed them and rerolled my clothes, following her soon after.
I was about 10 feet behind her as she walked, that dress doing its thing again. She had apparently unbuttoned more - make that all - of the front buttons as she walked, and as we got to what was the bedroom door, she shrugged and the dress just fell away, revealing a wonderful pear bottom, not model skinny but hardly overdone - just a lovely sight. No underwear at all, just smooth, luscious skin nicely framed.
Reaching the bed, she pulled back the covers, leaving just sheets and pillows, then reclined against the pillows, showing me her well clipped but not shaven pussy and amazing breasts. I'm not that much of a breast man, compared to the lower areas in competition, and I've never found the idea of surgical enhancement a turn-on, preferring the natural. Or so I'd thought. Those breasts were about fantasy quality: if I hadn't known her age, I'd have thought they were maybe a 25 year old's - full yet without any suggestion of silicone as far as my inexperienced eye could tell, the left just barely larger maybe, and the nipples looking already erect, surrounded by not big, not small, pink areolae. My guess was enhanced, but it was so well done that I really wasn't sure.
"Dan's a fortunate, man." I said, approaching her, my dick already starting to recover.
"He'd be a lot more fortunate if he were around more," she said, a bit sadly, then, "You might have to do more than looking to make sure," she said, quickly recovering, back to a teasing smile.
"Mmmm," I answered, not really interested in conversation at the moment. I crawled between her knees, parting them to get a good look. Her pussy was lovely - just a hint of a glint of moisture at the closed slit, the inner lips not visible. After a moment of visual appreciation, I dropped down and started kissing her inner thighs, taking my time, working farther up, finally nuzzling her with the bridge of my nose, nudging the lips apart, then pulling my tongue along her, from perineum to clitoris. She sighed at that, and I took it as a signal she was fine with my not rushing things.
Continuing, I kissed her lips apart, briefly noting that I hadn't kissed her up top before here, down below. Ah well, maybe later, I hoped, focusing again on the task at hand. She whimpered a bit, and I kept the approach light, barely intruding, just outlining, tonguing just hard enough to be doing it, I hoped, and in a few moments, I could feel her hips start to try to move toward me, trying to get more pressure from me. I danced around the issue some more, while she pushed harder toward me. I wanted to tease her a bit more, hoping to get her in a begging mood.
Backing off, I returned to licking outside the lips, along the crease where her pussy met her thighs. She groaned in disappointment and I felt her hands on my head, pulling me back up to get my tongue again. "Something I can do for you?" I asked, barely kissing, no tongue, her pussy here and there, setting no pattern.
"Dammit, you're driving me crazy - come on, DO SOMETHING!" she cried.
"Mmm. Well, hold yourself open then," I answered, still teasing. I wanted her complete surrender at this juncture. She let go of my head and I could see her fingers part her vagina, the pink wetness within, the clit peeking out, the tunnel beckoning. "That's more like it," I said, and went to work, again the tongue licking the bottom-to-top, this time stopping to circle the clit firmly and repeatedly, and she arched her hips up again.
"Oh, yeahhhhhh!!" she sighed, and after a minute or so of that, I heard her gasping and whimpering as her orgasm took over, her hips humping almost obscenely if it weren't for the hands down eroticism of the act. As she came, I sucked her clit into my mouth, pulling and still circling, and she actually cried out, loudly as she spilled over the top and shook in waves of rippling orgasm. I hung in there until she quieted, letting the clit slip back from my sucking, still circling it with my tongue, but gently now.
"Aw, fuck, that was good," she sighed, and I crawled back up on top of her, my cock not in her, but pressed between us. "I don't suppose you could give Dan some lessons . . . nah, probably too complicated to arrange," she mused.
"Done?" I asked, she seemed so relaxed. Maybe she'd changed her mind about seeing how long I could last.
"No way, just getting started!" she chuckled, reaching down and confirming I was still hard, although by that time I was down a bit, maybe an 80% level or so compared to before, when she'd been stroking me.
"And you - losing your focus?" she asked, registering the less hardness, although I wouldn't have called it softness yet.
"No, just distracted there for a moment," I said.
"You know, something I get off on is feeling a man get harder inside me. Think that's in the cards?"
"Oh yeah," I said, reaching down and guiding my cock into her very wet pussy. It slid right in, little resistance, maybe a bit looser than I was used to, but still a nice fit, not like I was lost in there, just not having to work at the entrance.
"Mmm... That feels nice," she murmured.
I fucked her gently, at first, wanting to let her feel what she'd said. I felt my dick harden from the all-over slippery gliding in and out, and soon I was fully hard again.
"I think I'm in," I joked, straight-faced.
"Yeah, I sorta think so, and you're certainly bigger than a minute ago. That's great!" she complimented.
"Bigger than you're used to?" I said, fucking a bit harder now, and giving an extra surge of push at the end of each stroke.
"Does it matter?"
"I'm hoping not, but that would be up to you to determine.
"Truthfully?"
I nodded. "OK, then: no, but not much smaller - plenty big for me, for sure," and with that she started fucking back in earnest. I had one hand around her shoulder, one grasping her ass, pulling it to me on each stroke. Pulling her ass upwards and lowering a bit myself, I could feel my cock start to push along the top of her inner walls, and that was the right thing to do, as she gave a quick gasp, then immediately got swept away by another, surprise to us both I thought, orgasm.
OK, got that spot targeted, will remember that, I thought. I had been supporting myself on both forearms or elbows, but took the opportunity to check out those breasts. They weren't rock hard, and I could see they had spread a bit as she lay on her back, but they were still fantasy cheerleader / playmate quality. I leaned on one arm so I could encircle one with my hand, testing the firmness and nudging to see if I could sense any silicone - nope, just 100% purebred genetic blessedness! The nipple, as I zeroed in on it, was hardened and beckoning, and who was I not to taste? OK, no taste, but the mouth feel was as gorgeous as the sight. I nursed one, then the other, while trying not to maul her in my eagerness. I wondered if I were a tit man after all, but dismissed that with a quick recollection of the delights between her legs.
I wanted to do some plowing, hard, so I pulled out - another surprise that she met with a groan, and flipped her over, up onto her knees, planting myself back into her right away, now holding both her hips in my hands, roughly pulling her back to meet my hard thrusts.
Apparently another right thing to do, as she got right into it. This time, we must have fucked, hard, for a good five minutes, my reaching under at one point to grasp and pinch those amazing breasts. They felt harder than natural, but the nipples were so hard, and I knew that wasn't the silicone, and she moaned as I did it. Toward the end, I was kneeling erect, hauling her ass back into me, her knees almost off the bed as I lifted her. I could see the perspiration along her back, and I could hear her breathing, hard. "Oh yeah, give it to me!" she cried out. "Fuck me hard, you bastard! Oh, damn! Fuck!! Oh FUUUCCCKKK!!" she cried at last, getting to come yet again. She came, then collapsed forward, and I went with her, barely the tip of my cock still inside her. I didn't want to fall out, just to keep on keeping on.
And in that position, I found I could raise up and drive down, finding that upper wall G spot area again, and so I did, reaching under her to rub her clitoris while I fucked downward, almost vertically, into her. Keening, she sobbed, "OH, OH!!" and came even again, and I let her ride through it before I finally backed off, slipped out, and rolled to my side, gasping for breath for the exertion, but spooning her, my arms around her, kissing the nape of her neck, one hand finding a breast to cradle.
"Damn, damn," she said quietly. "You haven't come, have you." A statement, not a question.
"Not lately," I said.
"Well, we've been at it, what? over a half hour for sure . . . "
"Dan never makes it more than 10 minutes, foreplay included, and his foreplay is never that good to begin with."
"A little TMI there," I said. "I don't want to mess up anything here. You're just blackmailing me, remember? And, just for the record, do you come on as sexily for him as you do for me? There's nothing more exciting to a man than a woman who wants him."
She wriggled around, coming to lie on her back. as I leaned over her. She took my hand and put it back on her breast, explaining, "I'll give that some thought. But for now, don't worry - I'm not taking this as anything more than just exactly what it is. You're an attractive guy, I'm apparently attractive to you, we're both not in exactly storybook marriages at the moment, but neither of us is going to get swept away emotionally by what is just some good, honest sex. Now, I've have a bit of an advantage in getting you here this way, but I hope we can just let that go. I still want to hear about that fisherman, anyway, and we have lots of time, so, tell me a story! Oh, and if it's good, I just might make all this a very memorable, in a good way, occasion for you!"
"Oh, you already have done that, but ok, what do you want to know? I wrote it down, and while I tried to tell it like it was someone making it up, it was really pretty much just the way I wrote, names changed, of course, but true, right down to the phone call with his wife."
Saying that, I shifted to straight missionary, rolling her onto her back again and sliding into her. It still felt great, and I still felt a bit like showing off, since this had apparently been, at least in part, about my staying power.
"Well, was the part about your Anne lady enjoying it really accurate?"
"Oh, yes. She definitely enjoyed it. I probably missed some details in the retelling. You'd have to ask her about that, though."
"I loved the part about Beachcomber Bill - or was it Bob? Was he really shaved and all?"
"Well, in the story, it was Bob. I'm still not telling what his real name was, though. And yes, I don't know if he shaved or waxed - just the idea of getting waxed down there freaks me out, but there was certainly no indication of hair - maybe he did lots and lots of electrolysis or something."
"And what about you? Weren't you jealous at least at first - if not of the Beachcomber, then of the fisherman guy? Obviously from your comment earlier, you're focused on the size thing - which from my reactions you should know is a bullshit concern for you. But, with her, did you need to work things out, or what?"
"Well, I was envious of both of them having bigger organs, of course. All us men - at least all of us who are less than above average - I think are envious of the larger endowed. But I wasn't jealous of Rick because I thought he could satisfy her better, just an envious of the equipment - and, for the record, envy is not the same as covetousness. I didn't want to steal it from him or anything - I'm too attached to my own, so to speak. I was happy that she got to try out something like that, since neither of us was into toys. And I was extra happy in the way she received me afterward - both how she felt physically - not stretched out beyond limits, but definitely a little looser for the reaming she'd gotten. But even more, the way she told me she preferred my somewhat modest offering to his bigger size - that Goldilocks reference was word for word, and very well done by her!
"How about you? How do you feel about size and all that?" I couldn't resist asking.
"Hmm. I guess I like 'em all. I've never been with anyone who wasn't big enough for me to enjoy, and I've been with bigger and smaller than you."
"Yeah, you said 'not much smaller' a while ago. I guess that means Dan's got me beat."
"Mmm-hmm. But not by much, like I said."
"Ever do any porn-size?"
"Once, a long time ago. It was fun to play around with and just to check out visually, and once we got it in, which I admit wasn't that difficult, it did feel awfully full. But he didn't last long, and neither did we, and like I said, that was a long time ago. I've never told Dan, so don't you, ok?"
"What - you think I'm going to be discussing with Dan things that his wife told me about dicks she's fucked? No way, don't worry."
"I guess you're right," and she laughed a little bit, and that little bit of laugh really helped rehumanize the whole day.
After another bit, just a couple of minutes, of us fucking silently, not exuberantly, just sort of nicely, she said, "What can I do to get you to come, anyway? You've proven your endurance, that's for sure, and it's been great, but I'm liable to be getting sore sometime, maybe soon, so can I help?"
"You're helping, thanks. But now that you mention it - um, how about pleasuring yourself while I watch and keep on fucking you?"
"Oh, sounds like it'll be crowded down there, but let me try," she grinned up at me.
And, reaching down between us, she started rubbing her clit, as I reared back up and, still inserted, watched. It was gorgeous, and she supplemented with her other hand on her breast, pinching the hard nipple and squeezing the breast, and watching me for my reaction.
"You really are beautiful," I said, quietly, and she shifted her lower hand somehow to keep rubbing herself, but simultaneously wrapping her finger(s?) around my shaft, managing to press along the underside wonderfully.
"Whoa - I think that's doing it!" I exclaimed, and she kept it up, and I kept it up, and in about another minute, I felt my semen surging upwards. Fucking in, hard, I spurted into her, then pressed as far in as I could get and kept spurting, her fingers squeezing my base, squeezing out all she could.
Nonstop sex is rarely erotic to the reader, so I won't bore you with the rest of that day with Catherine. Suffice it to say that was not the end of our sex that day - she was pretty insatiable, and I was pretty inspired, it seemed. I kept the audio evidence to myself, never mentioning it to her. In turn, she gave me the thumb drive and didn't mind while I did a cursory file search to see if there were other copies - there didn't appear to be. I know that was no assurance of anything and that she may have had another copy, but I figure with the blackmail audio, and with having heard no intimation of anything amiss since, I'm in pretty good shape. It's a cinch that before I post any further photos of Anne or me or anyone else, I'll learn and practice some photo editing software. Damn tattoo - caused me some worry, but I guess it also found me a memorable afternoon and evening.
Catherine did call me once more, a couple of weeks later. She thanked me for my cooperation that day and that she'd keep that as an enjoyable memory. She said that our time together had convinced her to work harder with Dan, and that things seemed to be improving, whatever that meant. She rung off, but did say at the end of the call that she thought Dan might want to try a similar experience sometime, and that she'd be calling on me if things went that way, then added that she knew I'd make an ideal fisherman. You never know - sometimes getting busted isn't such a bad thing after all.