Iron Jack's Gym, Seattle, Washington. Late evening due to nasty weather. The storm had finally ended.
Zach Pedigo had already been working out for thirty five minutes, cardio first then a planned regiment of weight lifting. He was waiting on his new trainee Kayla Trudeau, Heidi Baker's stepsister. Of course, she was running late, she had to wait on her Dad to get home to swipe his pickup truck. That, and being self conscious over what extra weight she had established over the years made any sexy outfit sightly. Her opinion of course. She had serious curves in all the right places. At 22 her huge breasts were still perky, no sag whatsoever. Thick upper thighs, a thin flat tire around her waist, and a more than jiggly butt made her worry what others thought. The kid was beautiful, she just didn't see it like others did. Using Zach to lead her in the right direction was her only hope. That and she found the Tom Hardy lookalike hot as hell.
While waiting on her, another visitor found her way into his workout routine. As he lay back lifting a barbell of 300 pounds he felt a soft presence straddle his lap. Lowering his repetition back into its cradle he looks across his horizontal form. Sitting there smiling was the devastatingly hot nurse Khloe Vaughn, her long brunette hair pinned back into a ponytail, and wearing a cut off white tank top just below her large tits, nipples pointing at him hard. Below the cut off tank was her firm tight belly with a trinket of jewelry in her belly button, leading down to almost boy shorts yet spandex in a combination of pink and black.
"Hey stranger." She looked around the relatively busy workout area before grinding over his thin cotton sweat shorts, his dick growing under her. Even with guys looking she just couldn't resist.
"Evening Nurse Khloe. I've been looking for you every morning before heading out to work. Where you been?"
"Walter switched my schedule the last few days and I took on a new client two blocks over. I should have told you. Heidi at least. I hope you don't think I've lost interest." She hops up and down on his crotch smirking.
"Making up for lost time?"
"Well, we haven't technically knocked boots. Saturday's right around the corner. Still want me to come over?"
"Absolutely. You keep bouncing on ole' Hardy and Saturday might be extra credit. Guys are watching you and wiping their chins. That's a good thing."
"They are? Even before we met they drooled over me. I like working out in skimpy workout clothes, it gives them something to look forward to. I guess I'm shameless." Her hands roll over his abs feeling his sweat. "Mmm! Me? I've checked you out ever since I became a member here. I'm really glad Heidi made the introduction."
"You could have just walked up like you did just now and said hi."
"I know. I guess I was hoping you might notice me and give chase."
"None of these other guys have hit on you?"
"A few. That big bald guy over there gave me a few training tips just to bend me over. He's a tad too Schwarzenegger for my taste though. I let him feel me up at the hips though. Nothing much after that because I didn't wanna get his hopes up."
"He's staring hard. Hard HARD. No hiding his junk."
"You act like that turns you on."
"Won't lie, it does get me fired up showing off my girl and watching men wish they had her."
"Oh really. So you want a trophy slut."
"I think I made myself pretty clear that day at my bike. I like being single, I just want a sexy young freak to keep up with me."
"Freak, huh? I might be a work in progress, teach me to be what you want?"
"Everyone wants a teacher. Heidi's stepsister is coming here shortly to workout. I told her I'd get her in shape to make her feel better about herself."
"That's nice of you. Fucking her too?"
"Not exactly, might someday. Jealous?" He kept his single moment with Kayla to himself. To him a mere penetration without further thrusting just wasn't sex. A miserable excuse he knew but it just didn't feel like sex.
"Not really. I don't do jealousy. I'd be content just to be a fuck buddy. If you want me you'll take me."
"Oh, I definitely want you. After that kiss by my Harley the other morning, I figured you might want more."
"More kissing absolutely." She lowers her gaze to his lap beneath her, "Someone is getting really hard."
"Let's clarify here...I want you in my life Khloe, no relationship, just some hardcore loving. That term fuck buddy is close but I want some emotion behind it. Can you lose yourself around me without expecting true love?"
"So, you want passion but no relationship."
"Sounds perfect. Too much for you?"
"Buddy I'm not going anywhere. I've had my eye on you too long to miss out. Like I said, teach me to be what you want and I'll work hard at being EXACTLY what you expect."
"Into exhibitionism?"
"Like this?" She lifts her tank up and shows him her well rounded breasts, giving him a healthy stare at her perfect pink nipples before dropping her shirt.
"Your droolers saw that." Glancing about, sure enough six different men caught a glimpse of her titty flash. Every single one of them offered a smug congrats toward Zach. Mad respect instantly.
"Oh, I'm sure they did. I expect to be hit on hard before I leave here."
"Lap dance. Do it seductive." He narrows his eyes, curious to see if she was obedient toward his challenge. Eyes flaring up with intensity she reaches up into her hair and removes her elastic hair tie, shaking out her full brunette tress. Bending over him she grinds her thighs back and forth over his concealed beast. Rolling her palms over the contours of his chest then dragging her red nails back toward her, trailing down to the waistband of his shorts.
"I love your definition." She whispers then leans forward again, this time scooting back slightly, low enough to kiss his six pack abs, tantalizing his belly button with a flick of her tongue. Gripping the barbell he laid back and sighed.
"Show these fellas you're serious."
"Is this more for them, than for you?" She kisses his chest after licking over two inches of muscle to reach it.
"Making them wish they were me."
"They will never be you."
"You certain about that?" He winks.
"Plan on sharing me?"
"I said seductive. Talking is not seductive."
"It can be. It depends on my words. I'm just conceptualizing what I'm getting into." She lifts her shirt up and taunts his chest with her bare nipples. Guys were definitely noticing more. She felt their glares and shivered.
"A few new sets of eyes found you."
"Good. I like being desired."
"Make them rock hard Nurse."
"Like you are? Or harder?" Her palms retreat over his chest as she sits back up, her tank caught between nipples and it's natural position over her chest. Half of her breasts were still out for air. Sliding her palms lower to rub his tented erection, she guides his cock back toward her thighs and holds it there, her hips gyrating tenderly, pushing her pussy into his shaft.
"You're fucking gorgeous Miss Vaughn."
"I prefer super hot. I can't wait for you to push this deep inside me."
"Why wait. Hop on."
"Here? Now?" Her eyes shimmer, "I will."
"Before I leave here tonight, you're losing your clothes and riding Hardy. Right in front of all these guys."
"I..." She pauses to catch her breath and smile at him, "If you want that I'll risk going to jail."
"No one is going to jail. Do you really think any of these guys are going to call the cops on a hot girl giving them a show?"
"What if girls come in. Heidi's sister?"
"I'm pretty certain Kayla won't mind. I think she's finding girls...interesting."
"Ah! A Bi coming out. What if she...likes what she sees?"
"Like you or me? I know she likes me." He chuckles, "Are you bi?"
"Never tried it, I would for you."
"Sounds like you're wanting me to fall for you."
"If you do...I won't walk away." She sighs, "I understand what you want from me. If I had reservations I wouldn't be sitting here stroking your cock. Now would I?"
"Guess not. I want a girl that never lets me down."
"Or never lets you up?" She giggles.
"That too. So, Nurse Vaughn...gonna let me down?"
"I believe in my abilities. Test me if you feel the need to."
"I think you fulfilling nudity and riding me until we cum here at the gym will say a lot."
"I do too. But, I want you to be 100% certain that I won't let you down going forward. I...want to enjoy my free time with you."
"It won't always just be you Khloe. Like I said I like being single."
"Date as many girls as you want. Call me and if I'm free...I'm all yours."
"What part of seductive don't you understand?" He grows grim with a sneer. It gave her goosebumps and the thrill of pushing her limits. Releasing the barbell Zach sits up, pulling her closer to his thighs by grabbing her ass and lifting her toward him. Face to face she kisses him hard on the lips, feeding on him as if a succubus stealing his soul. Hips grinding on his withheld cock, as his fingers slide under her spandex shorts to squeeze her ass. It made her ignite a passion that she was sorely missing. Her hands were all over him. After a few minutes of savage French kissing she tilts her head back, letting Zach kiss her neck and throat. In a sudden burst of temptation Khloe Vaughn breaks her hands away and peels her cutoff tank up over her head and goes topless. Zach instantly arched her spine backwards and sucked on her nipples. She moaned and looked about at her viewers. Smiling at them she finds nods of respect in return. Eyes bulging she returns her attention toward Zach.
"They seem to be appreciative."
"Do they? Go visit your bald Fitness Trainer and ask him to hold your hips while you take those...shorts off."
"Should i let him take them off for me?" She holds her breath without blinking.
"Let him keep the shorts. Oh, and give him a wet kiss before crawling back to me on all fours like a panther."
"Mmmmm! The pussy is purring."
"Don't fail me."
"If I do I'll just come back for more."
"Make your move Nurse."
Without a word Khloe hops from his lap and turns to face her admirers and puts her hands in her hair making her locks wild looking. Eying the bald man she struts toward him, until up close and personal. Playing with his chest hair she looks him in the eye with yearning eyes. He melted instantly.
"Hi Hugo. I need your help."
"You make my dick hard." He grunts without a smile.
"I noticed that." She lowers her right hand and taps her index finger on his tented crown. Whirling in step to back up into him she whispers, "Take my shorts off for me?" He nods slowly, then plants his hands on her hips and crouches to remove them from her feet. Her perfect ass in his face he couldn't resist biting it. She yelped and let him lick her butt pucker before watching Zach point at the floor at his feet. Heartbeat quickening Khloe turned to face Hugo who nuzzled her clitoral area growling. Petting his bald head she entices his eyes up toward hers. "I have to go back to Zach." Releasing her she retreats and lowers to her knees and hands. Tits swaying from side to side in her prowl she followed orders perfectly. Reaching Zach he caresses her hair then points away from him. Following his instruction she notes two men talking and rubbing their chin.
"What are you expecting?" She asks Zach.
"Prowl over to them and put your face directly into both of their crotches. Bite down on their sweats and act like you're tearing them off. Return immediately after you've done both."
"Whew! I'm getting a workout without lifting a muscle." Twisting directions she stalks her prey, making her presence known by rolling her nose directly over a man's cock, then biting his grey sweatpants tugging them about. Releasing her teeth she moves next door to the other man and repeats her performance. Both men laughed at their fortune with swagger. She crawled away letting both men rub her ass, stopping for a second to lustfully look at Zach who held a hand making her pause to enjoy their ass massage. Finally, a curling finger reels her home. The men shared thumbs up with Zach.
"That was hot Khloe girl." Another directed point toward two more men makes her growl at him playfully. "Failing me Kittycat?"
"Not today. What am I to do?"
"See that workout mat in front of them?"
"Yes."
"Crawl over there and lay facing them. Legs up, pry your pussy wide and show off that cave system. Once they look it over, finger yourself for five minutes then come back."
"Five minutes? I might cum in five minutes." She wiggles her ass toward her old Fitness Trainer just for meanness. Khloe Vaughn was liking this challenge to be more than she had ever been before today. Were there worries in doing it? Not at the moment. She just lived in Zach's fantasy, fulfilling it to the best of her ability. She wanted to be his fantasy, to inspire it. Now that he was giving her the time of day, thanks to Heidi Baker, she would let nothing ruin that. Failure was not an option.
"Moan loud. Be proud."
"On my way." She whispered with a puckered kiss before licking her lips at him. He grew harder in just that moment. Observing her heart shaped ass wiggling away he sighed and went back to lifting weights. She was on her own, without even knowing it. As her targets saw her coming they found themselves rubbing their sweats, swollen cocks of varying sizes tilting up beneath the canvas of glory. She refused to blink wanting them to admire her dedication to Zach's appointed mission. He said to make them want to be him. That meant going into envisioning them to be Zach himself. Not easy of course, but still she gave it her best imaginary seduction. Crawling out on to the mat she sat down first, then lay back as told. Legs wide, her hands reaching around her massive chest, crushing beautiful melons together. Fingers prying her labia as wide as she could, revealing a luscious tunnel of pink. The men took the risk of moving closer to her as she looked up at their eyes.
"Damn that there is inviting." One man looked at her with hunger, massaging his beast by literally planting his hand under his sweats to stroke himself. Other men seeing his boldness felt the same, casually approaching her for a better view of her sensual pose. She heard their desires and trembled heavily, knowing that at any moment they might drop down and take her against her wishes. The question nagging her was, did her wishes matter if she wanted to impress Zach Pedigo? What was to gain by following him? He had made it clear she was just a puppet in a sense. Not wanting anything more than sex with a passionate twist. No true love. It almost appeared that feeding his ego fed her own. This whole scene was certainly erotic. Taking a deep breath Khloe Vaughn sighed, "I do this for Zach." They heard her clearly even in her shallow tone of voice. Her pussy muscles were contracting even beneath her fingers keeping her parted wide, almost as if it were talking to them. Calling out to be filled. It became a test for these watchers, all wanting to take the bait. Hands beneath sweats for four of six men jerking off, she panted at their yearning expressions, her own straining features cringing slightly due to the pressures of remaining in her frozen position. Mind racing, pussy dripping wet, Khloe needed release. So did these observers.
Hearing barbells clank loudly Khloe jumped but held her pose. Not wanting to be distracted and fail Zach in her seductive approach she resisted looking his way. If she could see him she would discover that he had been approached by the on duty Attendant. Although their talk couldn't be made out due to six men groaning, that by itself made her moan without even being touched. Pride Khloe Vaughn, PRIDE. Just as Zach expected.
In Zach's workout zone, his friend, a young man named Andy, whispered to one another, both of concern, and of knowing just how fucking awesome this was to see. Zach patted Andy on the shoulder and told him to let it play out. There was nobody in the gym that might object. Andy nodded and stood by Zach watching.
"She's amazing Bro." Andy confessed, "I've never seen Khloe like this ever, you a Hypnotist?"
"Maybe. I have this knack for getting girls to do what I want them to. They usually follow me like lost pups once I reel them in."
"You need to teach me how to do that. I'd love to bust a nut inside Khloe."
"In the future I might arrange that. Not today. Just enjoy her opening up. She's my butterfly at the moment, coming out of that cocoon."
"Car lights outside." Andy nods toward the front window. Zach squinted to see the arrival and once the headlights shut off he knew the vehicle.
"Relax. It's my roo...my daughter's stepsister." There was that lie again. It just seemed useful. "I told her I'd coach her on the right way to pull off a few pounds. She's got some extra jiggle, but trust me when I say she carries it well."
"Looks cute. Big tits."
"Even better without those clothes on." Zach brags a bit.
"No way. You hit your own daughter's stepsister?"
"Never said fucked Andrew. Just seen and helped her reach a goal." He laughed.
"Gonna get her naked in here too?"
"Haven't decided yet. She's a bit awkward right now. Unsure of what she wants in life. Could be steering toward girls, yet I know she enjoys seeing me in action."
"TMI?"
"TMI." He winks.
"Fuck man, how is Khloe keeping that pose so long. She's beet red all over."
"Determination it looks like."
"Oh shit! Guys are whipping their dicks out." Andy tenses up worried he might need to intervene.
"Calm down. They're just wanting to show her what they have. Unless they take it to the mat let it ride." Zach appeals to Andy's sensibility. Luckily Andy had an open mind, that, and knew that even he would love to tag that luscious brunette. Tempted to move in range for a good look at her perfect invitation Andy swallowed dryly, letting himself be intimidated by the larger men hovering around her, dicks wagging. Yeah, he would stay away.
Watching as Kayla enters Zach waves her over. Almost giddy at seeing Zach and having him all to herself Kayla Trudeau starts across the gym then freezes in step to see the six men, four jerking off out in the open over something. Weirded out a bit she takes a different route around the edge of the fitness center, as it opened up more she discovered Khloe on her back, she had been obstructed from view by cardio equipment. Jaw dropping Kayla snapped a WTF? glare at Zach. He smirked and curled his finger calling her to his side. Hesitantly, Kayla shuffled the rest of the way there. So much for alone time.
"What's going on? Oh my gosh Zach."
Pulling Kayla to his side he introduces her to Andy, a distracted hello was all he got back. He did admire the fact that Kayla's big nipples were spiking the more she watched Khloe. For an overweight girl she was pretty well proportioned. Andy found himself equally tantalized by Kayla. His first thought led to, "Is Zach going to get this girl naked too? God I hope so." His erection stemmed from Kayla's beauty more so that Khloe's. Mainly because she was shrouded by too many guys right now. If Andy could see that yearning vagina he might change his tune. Khloe was literally letting her pussy suck air.
"Keep your cool Kayla. You recall that Nurse Heidi set me up with?" Zach shared attention with her.
"Yeah?"
"That's her."
"Wow! You...move fast."
"Just good at what I do." He winked and rubbed her upper arm, "Ready to get busy?"
"Ummm? Working out I hope? That stuff she's doing...isn't me Zach."
"Someday, you just need to realize the beauty you exude. Your self esteem needs work is all. I'm not going to rush you."
"I...don't know if I wanna be like her. That's...pretty slutty."
"Nothing like a girl who loves teasing and showing off."
"Like Nastiya?"
"I dunno yet. I've only had her in my home, not out in public like this. Is Nasty capable of this kind of performance?"
"I think so. She's pretty openminded."
"I guess we'll have to test that theory sometime. For now, let's get you started. Andy here is going to help me work with you."
"I am?" Andy grinned with his hands in his pockets. They were there to try and tame his erection from getting out of hand. Hearing six guys groaning, ready to unload over Khloe was only making matters worse. He wanted to be groaning too.
"Is Khloe going to just stay in that position until they...cum?" Kayla covered her chest knowing her nipples were vibrant over the whole scene. It turned her on, but terrified her just the same. It wasn't just her self esteem holding her back, it was being unsure of what she wanted from life. The other night in Zach's bed with her best friend Nasty gave her a new perspective having been eaten out by her, vice versa. Not that having Zach plant his monster cock inside her was appalling, she enjoyed that too. Ever since that night she had been thinking about both men and girls. Maybe, she should be Bi-sexual, nothing serious.
"She's held that pose for fifteen minutes. I can tell she's fighting to keep her legs up, she's probably going numb." Zach pointed out.
"And...why is she doing this?"
"Proving to me she can be my trophy slut."
"Wait! I thought your bosses daughter was going to be your trophy slut?" Kayla looked puzzled.
"A man can never have too many trophy's in his mancave."
"Are you...trying to do this with Heidi?"
"We've talked some, not sure what she's told you, but for now we're just roommates. Nothing serious."
"Did you...after she took out that vibrating egg?"
"Fuck her? Nope. Close enough though. I honored her thoughts on sex together. How long that lasts...remains to be seen." He offers at least some truth, "Andy? Why don't you get Kayla on a treadmill. I want you to walk one mile at a steady pace. After that, some toe touches, sit-ups. Get that cardio going first to burn calories."
"Okay. Zach? I said it the day I met you...please don't hurt my sister."
"Why do you think I'm spending time with other girls? It keeps my mind off of Heidi. I'm not gonna lie Kayla, I...like her, BUT...that's not going to lead me into hurting her. Unless her own emotions get the best of her we'll be fine as just roommates."
"Heidi's tough."
"I can see that. You know as well as I though, there's a freak side to her."
"More than you know." Kayla snorts, covering her mouth while turning red.
"I know some. If there's more I wanna hear it from her, not you. Alright?"
"Yup. Get me started Andy." Kayla steps from Zach's hug and rubs her palms together. Andy in turn guided her near the guys jerking off, the treadmills were pretty close to Khloe. Hesitant, Kayla toughened up and found herself eying the six men, only four cocks were jousting, but she could tell they were getting really close to shooting off. As Andy explained to her how best to use the treadmill, hand grips, etc., Zach took a stroll behind the six men, looking over shoulders at Khloe's stance. His own cock was ripping at his shorts just admiring her gaping hole, she was drooling on the mat, her pussy was so wet that her inner thighs and ass cheeks were glossy and trickling.
Seeing Zach behind her voyeurs she refused to veer her gaze from the men. Ever since she began this challenge she had pictured all of them as best as she could as Zach himself. Hard to visualize more than one Zach but she made the attempt to train her mind to focus. Therefore, the real Zach was just one of the crowd. Her eyes were even tearing up from long moments of trying not to blink.
Her entire body was shaking, her skin torn between blue and red, breath held, her cheeks were blue, the rest of her was heated, thus red in tone. Zach had to give her credit, she was dead serious in following his lead. It was time to see if she could move on to the next step.
"What happened to being seductive? All I see is stress." Zach called around the men. Immediately, Khloe altered her expression to that of deep desire, huffing almost a pout, yet letting the men know their mission was hers as much as theirs. Her trembling fingers still prying her labia wide attempt to dig deeper, trying even harder to spread her lips until her interior almost tried to escape. Whimpers left her lips with anticipation.
"Isn't that cunt just fucking gorgeous?" Zach pats the shoulders of two men jerking furiously. Nods of agreement was his only response. "I think she wants some cock. Do you want cock Slut?" He winces at Khloe who didn't want to ruin the moment by a screechy voice, she wanted to beg with a "Yes.", but chose instead to nod, only repeatedly with a sigh of need. "Fellas? I'm gonna treat you to that pussy on one condition." They listen closely, "Each of you get to slide those dicks up inside her, BUT it's only a taste, nobody fucks her but me. This time at least. If you can't agree to my terms, just jerk off and coat her body white. Those that do agree...get to coat her face. Any takers?"
Every single one of them agreed, even the two men who still hid their beasts from view. Nobody was remotely concerned that anyone venturing into the gym at this point even saw what they were doing. They just wanted this whore no matter how it happened.
"Does my slut agree to this?"
Finally, Khloe manages a soft, "Yes Zach." Doing her part to pry even harder for effect.
"Good girl. Gentlemen...enter...savor...retreat. Understood?"
One by one the men kneel between her legs, giving her a bit of relief by holding her legs for her, her exhales let them know she was eternally grateful. As crowns push deep she gasps and tries hard to not lose eye contact with them. Offering a seductive appreciation in her eyes. The lengthy term of her pried thighs made her pussy incredibly sensitive. The deeper each man plunged the more she moaned. Zach stood with arms crossed watching from behind the men. Her eyes never once deviated from her gents. With each dick balls deep she huffs, "Thank you Zach." The men had no idea she referred to them as Zach, over the true Zach Pedigo. She was pure magic.
Andy continued monitoring Kayla in her sped up run, enjoying her monster breasts darting from side to side in her black tank top. Her cleavage nearly let them escape numerous times as she just kept in pace with the treadmill. Afraid to release her grip on the bars for fear of falling she just let her clothing decide on their own how they would end up. Her short shorts were already creased deep between her ass cheeks, and half of her ass was hanging out. She tried not to laugh at her predicament. Knowing full well that Andy was checking her out, she blushed. "How am I doing?" She attempted conversation.
"Great. I...forgive me I'm trying hard not to look but, darn it I can't stop. Your body is beautiful."
"Did Zach tell you to say that?" She winces.
"No way. This is all me telling you that. I'm dead serious. For the record? I like a little extra. Too much muscle or too skinny is a turn off. In my mind...you're just right."
"Thanks." She laughs, "I just know my tits are gonna bust out. Be warned."
"I...kinda hope they do." Andy joins in on blushing.
"Keep watching it's bound to happen. Why are you watching me and not the Pornstar over there?"
"Like I said, I have preferences. Sure, Khloe is hot as hell, but...so are you. Sorry if I'm getting too...obvious."
"Obvious about what?" She offered a bewildered expression.
"Hard to hide my hard on with two hotties doing their thing."
"I know the feeling. The girls have never been harder. Not sure if it's you, all those muscled dudes with their dicks out, or Khloe. HOLY SHIT! The guys are gonna fuck Khloe." She realizes seeing guys get on their knees between the girls legs, "Zach is insane."
"She isn't doing this for herself I don't think. It's all for Zach."
" He definitely has charisma." She laughs as her areolas slip into view during the booby dance. "Another half mile my ladies are gonna beat me across the finish line. I bet my ass is hanging out isn't it?" Kayla wanted him to look. The attention was making her wet. Worse still, her light grey shorts were staining under the dampness between her thighs. Andy noticed that long before her but kept it too himself, afraid she might stop and leave.
"Love the butt cheeks."
"Be honest...cottage cheese back there right?" She chuckled.
"Not even. Just plenty of jiggle."
"I'm getting tired." She huffs trying to hang in there. "I'm sweating like crazy." In that comment her left breast erupted from her tank and gave Andy full on nipple. He smirked with appreciation. "Yep! There she blows. I'm afraid to let go so you're gonna have to put up with Flabby Tabby there."
"Works for me." Andy chuckles, "I think it's named Dancy Nancy."
"The other one is called DeeDee." She lowers her chin panting.
"Funny." His attention remained on Kayla over Khloe even as they heard her yelp at being penetrated by the guys one at a time.
Zach observing Khloe's reaction to the man now inside her, grumbled a bit, "SEDUCTIVE ALREADY. I NEED TO SEE FIRE SLUT."
Khloe intensified her expressions yet again, her lips beginning to form words without vocalizing them, letting those left in order to experience her informing them how good their dicks felt inside her, how badly she wanted it, biting her lower lip with devotion. Zach was impressed. So impressed that he decided to move closer and stand directly over her right shoulder. "ARCH THAT BACK. GET THOSE TITS UP." The prompt led to a dramatic launch toward the ceiling. Nipples steely hard and saluting her momentary lovers. Seeing her effort Zach looked at the two stragglers who had yet to join in the penetration mode, they still appeared leery of participation, likely due to other men seeing them. Some guys just can't go the group thing. Calling them over with hand motions they step up to hear his next offer.
"I think those adorably perky nipples need bitten. You two up to that?" The two men shrug laughing nervously. "Does the slut want those beauties bitten?" He glares at Khloe who pleads with her eyes, and nods feverishly, her newest lover guiding his cock deep into her cunt, which made her yelp as his beefy head grazed her G-spot. "You can linger in that pussy a bit Joe." Zach used a palm to halt Joe Grainger's exit. He was more than happy to loiter in paradise. She whimpered at Joe's girth spreading her labia wide without any fingers in the way. "Rub your own clit."
Khloe Vaughn released her finger spread knowing her hole was wide without her efforts. Tired fingers move in to taunt her clitoris. The simplest touch sent fire across every inch of her body. Mind reeling she murmurs, "Zach." over and over softly, sensually, seductively.
The men that agreed on biting her nips choose a side and drop to their knees, leaning over her breasts and gorging on her succulent pink nips. Swallowing first, then sucking, before tugging between their teeth. Tender bites make her eyes roll, "Fuck." She sighs.
"What was that?" Zach crouches behind her head and uses a hand to his ear expecting to hear her repeat herself.
"Fuck." She raises her voice a bit, whining at her nips being pulled tight between dueling jaws.
"WHAT WAS THAT?" He bellows.
"FUCK!!" She lets it all out.
"You say you want fucked?" Zach winks at her, caressing her hair.
"By you." She begs tonally.
"Who are they?" He caresses her cheek with a knuckle.
"Zach." She recalls his expectation of all men being he.
"Which means?" He points at the man inside her.
"FUCK ME!" She expresses toward the man holding out in her pussy, as she rubs her clit vigorously.
"You're up Joe. Three minutes, no longer." Joe bulges his eyes and grins like the Devil. Drawing his dick out he slams back in forcing Khloe to shriek at how good it felt. Back and forth Joe Grainger took that pussy for a spin. She moaned and squealed with pure delight with each and every balls deep impact. Keeping time Zach continued pampering her face with loving knuckles. She snuggled her cheek as best she could keeping him a part of her dilemma. She needed the real Zach Pedigo. Joe claiming her ankles ripped her legs wide for a triumphant show for the others still jerking. Everyone was ready to nut. Including the nip taggers, their hands beneath their sweats nurturing their erections as they nibbled.
"SHOWER THIS SLUT WITH AFFECTION." Zach commanded nodding to each of the abusers. Each of them moved around her as Zach stood up, his missing hand making Khloe react through a soft, "Come back."
Everyone lifted over her and masturbated harder than ever. Joe still pounding away with a minute and a half left in his fantasy realm. She was cumming hard and crying out, "ZZZZZZZZZZAAAAAAAACCCCCHHHHH!" He was proud of her.
The two reluctant warriors finally got ballsy and lowered their sweats to reveal a pair of pythons. Both used to rub on her nipples as they ravaged their shafts. In the time expiring for Joe, both men nut on her tits with deafening grunts. Zach calling, "Time's up Joe. Pull out and cream that cunt." That the muscular middle aged man did. Her pussy was covered in jettisons of white, using his crown to smear it over her thighs. She gushed the second his dick teased her clit. The final three tagged her belly with snowflakes and streaks of sugary goodness. Khloe Vaughn lost it in that moment.
"FUCK ME ZACH...PLEASSSSSSSSSE."
Zach motioned everyone away, watching her wiggle about on the mat, her fingers spreading cum all over her like lotion. Content to watch more from a distance the six men gave Zach space. Zach faced her using his shoe to nudge her legs wider. Her pleas hoarse now but continuous he nods, "Saturday."
"Noooooo!" She pouted sampling cum from her fingertips, keeping it seductive, her tongue sucking cream like a cat licking it's paws. "Please Zach."
"I said Saturday. All night long. You're not done." Her eyes sparkle and a faint giggle makes her question his next temptation. "Who's left? Heidi's sister? The attendant Andy?" She recalled who might be left.
"They're busy." He looks back at Kayla and Andy, forced into a doubletake. Kayla was touching her toes as instructed earlier, the only difference was Andy was behind her fucking her, her shorts down to her knees, tits bobbing like an earthquake was in action. He hadn't expected them to get along so well. Kayla waved at Zach as she moaned. A simple nod in return Zach gave them privacy.
"Who then?" Khloe panted.
"Your secret admirer."
Eyes bulging Khloe Vaughn realized who he was referring to. Still working out on weights Hugo Franz had lost interest in hitting her. He wasn't into gangbangs so isolated himself to keep busy.
"Crawl your slut ass over there and suck his dick. Failure ruins Saturday. Am I clear?"
"I'm covered in cum."
"MOVE!"
She shivered at his tone and weakly rolled to her hands and knees. Prowling seductively, her sweet ass swaying from side to side she made her way to Hugo. He was so focused on his repetitions, earplugs in his ears to block noise so that he could enjoy a native German metal band called Rammstein, that her sudden appearance went unnoticed. Without using her hands Khloe nuzzled her face into his crotch, while he straddled his bench. Feeling her intrusion he carefully drops his barbells back into their cradles. Lifting his head only, to see her biting at his loose fitting workout shorts, Hugo poised a brow of curiosity. With her teeth she tugs his shorts aside to discover no underwear. Of course not. His dick free and arching high she huffed, that dick was as thick as a soda can, his balls bulbous and full. No denying him she began licking his nut sack and made him growl, removing his earplugs, the music could still be heard. Funny that the song playing was called Pussy.
Sitting up awkwardly Hugo admires her hunger. Her tongue roaming the length of his dick from balls to crown, taunting him. He had pictured just such a scenario when he trained her a few weeks, at the time she was resistant to his advances, he didn't push it. Now, she was going after him at the command of another. Hugo lifted his gaze to see Zach talking to the Attendant and another girl. Someone else was getting lucky. Hugo puckered his lower lip at Zach's influence. Who would have thought?
"You like that cock Little girl?" Hugo winced down at her. She fed him eye contact that secured the truth, she loved sucking dick. Perhaps not his, but she was not going to alter her seductive expression and make him think otherwise. Rising up, she opens her mouth wide and thrusts down over him, his beast tickling her throat, thankful her tonsils were long gone. Gagging at his girth she fed on him as if possessed. She grew lost in her mission until she felt his hands in her hair drawing her brunette locks back in order to perfectly view her dedication. He liked watching his dick vanish down her throat. Palming her scalp with one hand he held her head down over his beast until her chin mashed his balls under her chin. She accepted it like a true slut. Gurgling with a symphony of "AWK AWK AWK!" Hugo smiled, "This music's better than Rammstein any day. So, Princess, what's this Zach guy got that I don't?"
Hands poised over him she uses her thumbs to point at herself. It was easy enough to translate. Zach had her. That was all Hugo needed to know. He face fucked her hard until he detonated down her throat. As he snarled Hugo heard Zach yell out, "PASSION." He wasn't certain what to make of it until he released her head so that she could lift her mouth away from his monstrosity. Kissing his crown she crawled upward using his knees and nudged him back on to the bench. Stretching out over him she kisses his chest, licking his pecs, nuzzling the well of his neckline. Finally, launching high into a steamy kiss to Hugo's lips. She shared his cum still held in her mouth without swallowing it all. Hugo rather enjoyed that. His hands treated to roaming her back side. Patting her ass their kiss ended. She sighed heavily and whispered, "Thank you Hugo."
"Thank you Little Girl."
Crawling backward off of him she kisses his mushroom one last time and draws away to her hands and knees. He sat up and watched that ass wiggle all the way back to Zach Pedigo. Her clam and butt pucker were just plain intoxicating. At Zach's feet she sat looking up at him. He ignored her outside of petting her hair. She looked content. With a sigh Hugo Franz plugged his earphones back in and left his dick dangling during another set of lifts.
"I thought you weren't ready for sex." Zach chuckles at Kayla as Andy slaps and grips her ass cheeks.
"Can't a girl change her mind? Quit staring at us."
"As if I'm the only one watching." He shakes his head nodding toward the men who had taken Khloe. Kayla glanced over to see them giving her a thumbs up and suddenly a round of whistles filled the room. "See? Get that self esteem in check. You're a wanted woman."
"They could be whistling at Khloe. By the way...hi Khloe. I'm Heidi's sister Kayla."
"Hi." She shyly speaks as Zach continues petting her hair. She didn't want to ruin his attentiveness.
"You're crazy hot." Kayla sighs, feeling an orgasm coming on at Andy's persistent thrusts from behind. "I hope you don't mind my saying that." Khloe merely winks at her.
"What did I say about doing sit ups?"
"Oh yeah." Kayla laughs and pulls away from a distraught Andy to turn around. Kneeling, Kayla opens her mouth and sucks Andy's dick, savoring the taste of her leftover juices. Andy was a happy camper.
"Pushups." Zach snapped.
Pulling Andy to his knees Kayla shoves him backwards on to his back. Moving his sweats out of her way she straddles his boner and rides, pushing up and down repeatedly, moaning loudly and getting winded. She cums on his dick three minutes later, then falls over Andy burying his face in her melons. He fed like never before.
"QUIT STARING AT US." Kayla laughed knowing Zach was. Actually, he wasn't. He had pulled Khloe up by her hair and held her in his arms, kissing her with more passion than she had ever known. No man had ever stolen her soul like Zach Pedigo. Khloe Vaughn was his. Even if it never blossomed into love. She loved the power he had over her. That was enough.
Picking her up over his shoulder Zach snatched up his duffle and headed for the front door. Her clothing was left behind. Not that they mattered. At the door Zach heard Kayla have a screaming orgasm. Their reflection was enough to know she was in good hands. Andy was a good guy. The other men found respect toward Zach, so no one would tarnish her against her will. Out the door they went, into the cool night air.
Khloe Vaughn found herself laying on her car hood as Zach ate her out. The street bustling with traffic. She had her own screaming fit one last time before Zach pulled her to him and lifted her into sitting on the hood facing him. Hands moving to palm her face he asked one question.
"Sure you want this?"
"I've never wanted anything more."
"Trophy slut it is."
"Show me off. Share me. Make me do unspeakable things. I am yours."
"I knew that when we had phone sex." He winked then kissed her nose.
"I swear to you...I will never deny, nor fail you."
"Get on home."
"Can I go get my clothes?"
"You don't need them."
"I might turn on my neighbors walking in nude."
"Picture me."
"That might mean getting laid in my hallway." She giggles.
"Saturday."
"All night."
"Scream."
"Make me."
Nodding with a pucker he left her for his Harley. Tying his duffle down, he put his helmet on. Revving up his bike he waited until she got into the car. Before taking off she realized her bag with keys and cell were still in the gym. Fidgeting she peered at Zach using her hands to motion no keys. Before either could do anything out came Kayla carrying her bag and her clothes. Saved by the busty beauty. Finding Zach he motioned her to Khloe's car window. Skipping to the door she hands Khloe her things then out of no where Kayla leaned in and kissed Khloe on the lips. A steamy one at that. After two minutes their lips part and Kayla dances toward Zach. She was giddy as hell.
"I couldn't resist."
"Follow her home." He smirks.
"What?" Kayla turned pale suddenly.
Turning toward Khloe, Zach points at her, then at Kayla. Khloe understood exactly what he expected.
"Have fun."
"Seriously?"
"Better get that before I change my mind."
Squealing Kayla ran back to Khloe and leaned in to tell her she was following her home. Khloe in turn pulled her into one more kiss before starting her car. Kayla fanned herself and raced to hug Zach. He pinched her ass and said, "Don't fall in love with her."
"Yeah, right." She chuckled almost embarrassed at the thought. Changing her expression, she sees Andy waving. She waved back laughing. "OH MY GOD! I REALLY AM BI." Her night was only beginning. She and Khloe would eat each other alive until 2 A.M. Khloe would text Zach and say, "Tastes like chicken. Goodnight Sir."
Zach shook his head at Kayla's exuberance and drove off in a roar. He had a gorgeous blond at home that needed to be jizzed on.
Heidi Baker was waiting.