*** This is a stand alone story in my Raised By Strippers series. It can be enjoyed by itself, but is best understood, in context with previous stories. Please feel free to give me your thoughts on my writing or future adventures for Sam, the Trans Stripper. ***
Chapter 1
I have been dancing at this strip club for almost five months, and I guess it was bound to happen at some point, but it still shocked me, the first time someone from my regular life, came into the club. I guess it was even more likely to happen, since my dance number with Victoria, became so popular. Victoria is one of my mother's closest friends at the club and also the most popular dancer there, by far.
The thing that made our new act inevitable, is that I was identical to her in so many ways. Our faces look very similar. We are exactly the same height. We even have the same body type, being slightly built with a nice round firm butt. The only real difference, was that she has an amazing 34D rack, and I was flat as a boy, which is understandable since I am or was, a boy.
I say "was" flat, because that was the first thing I took care of, getting surgery to have D cup tits to match Victoria's, when I decided I wanted to become a real girl.
Well, as real a girl as I can be, while still keeping my penis. I very much enjoy the pleasure I get from my penis, so I didn't want to change that. Don't try to put me in a box. I am very complicated, I am discovering.
So, back to the story. Victoria and I did several numbers together, but our first and still most popular, is the two of us in matching school girl outfits, dancing to Britney Spears' song "Oops, I did it Again." During the number, we enter the stage from opposite sides and mirror each others movements, while we dance. It gets more intimate as we start to run our hands up each other's bodies. We start kissing, and by the end of the dance, we are full on grinding on each other. The whole time, we are sensually taking off each other's clothes.
Each time we do this number, we get so excited for real, that we want to rush off the stage and fuck. We actually did fuck after the first time we danced this number, and it was still the best fuck of my life. Also a VERY big reason why I am keeping my dick. Since that first time though, we force ourselves to work the main room after our numbers. The sexual energy in the room is always through the roof when we finish our dance, and we get a crazy number of offers for private dances right after. Usually, we are both so sexually charged up ourselves, that we put on some VERY intimate private dances. I am not gonna lie, I often forget about the "touch and go" rule, during many of my private dances.
So, here I am feeling like a live wire, I am so sexually spun up, and a tall, strongly built, black man tells me he wants a private dance. Without a second thought, I grab his large hand, and pull him toward one of the private rooms. In the back of my mind, I think that he looks familiar, but we get so many regulars in the cub, I didn't think too much about it. Then, as I am getting him set in the chair and getting ready to start the music for his dance, it comes to me. He is a Teacher at my high school.
My mind is racing. What do I do? Does he recognize me? I never had him for any classes and I look very different, since I transitioned. There are also so many students at the school, how would he even know me? I recall that he is also the Coach of the girls basketball team. Then I think, there is no way he would give a second thought to a petite, feminine boy, with absolutely no sports abilities. After thinking all of this in like a mini-second, I decide that I am committed now anyway, so I might as well give the man his dance.
As I start moving seductively for him and I see the way his eyes want to devour me, I let my apprehension go, and really start to get into the dance. I think about how fucking hot it is that I am in a school girl outfit, actually giving a private dance to a Teacher. As my arousal goes through the roof, my inhibitions go with them. I am touching myself and giving him a real show. I let my hands roam over his legs, up his thighs. I see the look of lust on his face and I fucking LOVE it.
I get more bold and trace my fingers over the growing bulge in his pants. "My GOD, this thing feels like it is HUGE," I think as I cup my small hand over the bulge and SQUEEZE. I feel his big cock twitch under my hand and if it is possible, he grows even bigger. As I do that, I pull off my white blouse, exposing my large tits in a sexy white lace push up bra. I love my new big tits and they look amazing in this white lace bra. I can see his eyes suddenly fixed on my tits. I push them into his face and brush my lace covered tits across his lips and cheeks. Mmmm, I love the way lace feels on my skin, and I can tell he is loving this sensation also.
As I realize that his whole attention and desire is fixed on my tits, I quickly straighten up and turn my back to him. I do not have to see his face, to know how desperate he feels to have the focus of his desire torn away from his eyes. GOD, I love the tease of a good dance. I increase his frustration, by bending back and grinding my butt on his crotch. My GOD, that big ass bulge slides right between my round butt cheeks as I grind over him. I think I am getting myself just as excited as I am getting him. Then I SQUEEZE my butt cheeks around his bulge. This is one of my "go to" moves, because I have very good strength in my butt, and guys love how I GRAB their cocks with my cheeks.
Mr. Jackson... THAT'S his name, I say to myself, as it finally comes to me... Well, Mr. Jackson is fucking loving how my bitt is basically masturbating him. I hear him moan LOUDLY, in my ear. My GOD, there is something about a hot man moaning in my ear that makes me fucking CRAZY. I grind on him harder. Grip his cock harder. I reach back and grab his hands and pull them to my tits. I SQUEEZE his big hands with my small hands, trying to get him to squeeze my tits. He does not leave me hanging. His hands are so strong, and my GOD, when he squeezes my tits and basically pulls me down harder on his cock, using my tits as handles, I actually GASP out loud.
I turn my face back toward him and he can see the look of desperate desire on my face, when I shyly tell him, "You cccan take my bra off ifff You want... Pllllease take my bra off..." He doesn't think twice. It is a front closure bra, so he just flicks it open, letting my big firm tits spring out.
He wastes no time taking both nipples between his thumbs and fingers. They are so fucking long and hard and sensitive right now. He rolls them and pulls them. I moan LOUDLY as I press back into his chest. He twists and pulls on my nipples, as his big palms lift and rub my heavy tits. My nipples are my Kryptonite, and my brain switches the fuck off, when someone plays with them, so I am in a complete sexual delirium right now.
He breaks me from my fixation on my own pleasure, when he asks me, "You want to get busy with this dick?" He grinds it up into my butt crack for emphasis. Without thinking where I am, I immediately answer, "GOD yes," as I almost throw myself off his lap and onto my knees. I run one hand over his large bulge as my other hand fumbles with his belt and pants button. I am not even gonna try to pull that big dick out through his fly. I can easily see that I will need to take his pants all the way down, to set his big black snake free.
As I grab the waist of his pants and start to pull them down, he lifts his butt from the chair and tilts his hips forward to make it easier. It also means that his cock is thrust forward toward me, when it POPS free of its confinement. It is like one of those trick cans where the snakes POP out at you, when you open the lid. This REALLY big, thick, black cock seems to jump out toward my face. I actually jump back. He laughs out loud. I must look like I am afraid it is going to bite me or something.
"Don't be afraid of him girl. He won't hurt you... not yet anyway," he tells me. These words scare me and excite me at the same time. I take the big smooth head of his cock into my mouth and just enjoy the size and feel, as I suck gently and run my tongue around it. I taste the saltiness of his pre-cum. I run it around his smooth cock head with my tongue. I love the taste. I love the slick feel. I moan around his cock filling my mouth. "Oh GOD yes... You are one good cock sucker, girl," He says in a lusty, moaning voice.
I am a very good cock sucker. I was trained by the best. When I decided I wanted to learn how to really enjoy sucking cock, I turned to my second family, my mother's friends and coworkers, the other dancers at the club. They quickly opened my eyes to the many wonders and many styles of sucking cock. They taught me things I never even heard about before. They also guided me through a LOT of practice on dildos, and then with many guy friends of theirs. I won't toot my own horn, I will just let the moans of pleasure from this hot Teacher, do my bragging for me.
He is quite large and I am sure he has not had a lot of girls take all of his cock into their throats before. I surprise him when I relax my throat and push his cock into my throat, not stopping until my chin is pushing against his tight balls. He cries out, "Oh my GOD... You got my whole damn dick in your mouth."
"Well, it is actually more in my throat," I think. Of course I can't actually tell him that because I have like ten inches of cock shoved all the way down my throat. Not that I would correct him anyway. I believe a man should ALWAYS feel like he is in charge, especially when he has his cock deep inside me, LOL.
I swallow as I hold his cock in my throat. It causes him to GASP out loud as he feels the sensation of my throat muscles massaging the whole length of his cock. I reach my tongue down to flick his balls. I reach up under his shirt and PINCH and pull his nipple. "FUCKKKKKK," he screams out as I feel his cock suddenly grow and twitch as he cums into my throat. I can tell that I caught him off guard and he did not expect to cum so fast and so hard. Did I mention that I really know my way around a cock?
When I finally feel his cock stop twitching, I slowly pull off of him. I look up at him as his long cock finally clears my mouth, and PLOPS loudly on his bare thigh. He is pushed back in his chair and he looks like he ran a marathon. He is completely spent and I smile with pride that I did that to him. I then tell him, "I don't mean to rush you lover, but I think the music ended a LONG time ago, and people are going to start wondering why we are in here so long."
As he starts to regain his senses, and stands to pull his pants back on. He tells me, "You know we have GOT to do more of THAT, right? I think you should come by my classroom some day."
My eyes get as big as saucers and my mouth hangs open as I give him the "What the FUCK?" look.
He laughs and asks me, "You didn't think I knew who you are? DAMN girl, the staff at the school has been having whole meetings just about YOU. Do you think a boy can make such a drastic transition, and the school doesn't spin worrying about it? Hell, we had two whole meetings, just on what to do about where you go pee," he tells me and laughs again, even louder.
"So, you knew? And you still came here? Did what you did? All of this," I ask as I gesture wildly around us in general.
"Hell YES. After all the talk at school, and then hearing the rumblings about you dancing here, I just HAD to come see. The cumming down your throat? Well that was an unexpected surprise," he says and laughs at his own joke. I have to laugh also. It was kinda funny. And I can't lie, I fucking LOVED teasing him and sucking his cock.
Then he tells me with a more serious face, "Now that we "know" that I am a Teacher and you are a student, the next move is on you. I mean, I want to throw you over my shoulder, take you home, and fuck the living shit out of you... But I am a Teacher and there are serious complications with that. I am not one of your Teachers, but still it is no bueno. If you want to do anything else, it has to be your decision and we got to be REAL cool about how we do it."
I don't have to think about it a second. I want to SCREAM out, "Take me now, you cave man. Throw me over your shoulder and take me home. Make me YOUR bitch. HELL, you don't even have to get me home. You can bend me over the hood of your car, in the parking lot." However, before I can say any of that, he puts his finger over my lips, shushes me, and says, "I know you want to answer now, and FUCK I want you to, but I want you to really give this some thought. We can NOT fuck around with our futures. So, you got to be sure and you got to make DAMN sure you don't talk about it. You get me?"
I nod and he kisses me gently. His kiss is loving and exciting at the same time. He tells me, "Think about it and meet me in my classroom Friday at the end of the day, to give me your answer." Then he walks out of the private room, leaving me full of thoughts, and still desperate to cum, since I didn't get mine yet.
Chapter 2
What followed was the longest most sexually frustrating week of my life. How the FUCK am I going to make it to Friday??? I knew my answer. I knew that I wanted to feel his cock deep inside me more than anything else. I would give up food and water to feel that big dick spreading me open wide. All of my thoughts were consumed with his cock and how good it felt in my mouth and in my throat, and how FUCKING bad I wanted to feel it fucking me.
I am so sexually aroused and desperate, that when I see Trevor in the hallway, I grab his hand and almost growl at him, that I need him to come with me to the bathroom. I have been playing around with Trevor and some of his friends for many months now. We jokingly refer to ourselves as the Bathroom Club, because that is where they first sort of raped me. It is a long story, you really need to know the context. The bottom line is that they are now my "go to" when I need good, hard, no emotions, no strings, sex. They love my blow jobs and I love the feel of cock in my mouth, so it is a win-win. And I have to admit, Trevor is a GREAT fuck... and a great fuck is exactly what I need RIGHT now.
As we enter the bathroom, and make sure we are alone, I grab at his fly and fumble to get his cock out. "WOAH girl, what got into you," he asks me.
"Does it matter? It's what I need to get IN me that maters," I respond.
"Fair enough," he agrees as he pulls out what I so desperately need. I am on my knees taking it into my mouth before his pants even hit the floor. I am feverishly sucking and licking his big cock, as I reach under my skirt and into my panties. I rub myself desperately, as I take Trevor's cock into my throat. I feel how hard and thick he is. I need it fucking me, so I pull him from my mouth, spin around, and lean over the sink. I look at him with desperate need in my eyes and almost beg him, "Fuck me Trevor... I need Your cock inside me NOW."
He doesn't make me wait. He kicks my legs apart, pulls my thong aside, and shoves his cock right into me. Then he fucks me hard and fast. That is exactly what I need and we both cum VERY fast and VERY hard together. As he pulls his cum slick cock out of me, he tells me, "Well regardless of what got into you, if you EVER feel like getting ME in you again, just let me know. That was hot as FUCK." Then He pushes me back to my knees and tells me, "You better clean this up or I'm gonna smell like fuck for the rest of the day." I take his cock back in my mouth and enjoy the taste of me, mixed with his cum, as I clean his cock off. When I am done, I put it back in Trevor's pants, with a loving pat.
Without another word, he turns and walks out, leaving me still on my knees, on the bathroom floor, with his cum leaking out of me. I laugh at myself, thinking, "I sure do spend a lot of time on my knees in bathrooms, dripping cum. If I am not careful, people are going to start to talk." I get up and hope I can get through the rest of the day and tomorrow, until I can finally meet Mr. Jackson in his classroom, and give him my answer.
Lucky for me, the the time goes by fast, and I find myself rushing to his classroom. I spent soooo much time last night picking out what I was going to wear today. I wanted to be sexy, but not over the top slutty. I want him to appreciate my beauty and sexiness, without just being focused on using me as holes to get off in. Don't get me wrong, I SOOOOO want him to use my holes to get off in, but I guess I do want more also. "What do I want?" I ask myself. I feel like a school girl with a crush. "Why the FUCK am I being such a little bitch about this?"
So, where was I? Oh yes, the outfit I finally picked out. I went with a clingy skirt that hugs the curve of my ass really nice and a knit top, that also hugs my curves, and really shows the size of my tits compared to my tiny waist. Underneath, I went with a black lace bra and thong set, and black thigh high stockings. The hem of my skirt is high enough to show a good amount of my leg, but just low enough to cover the tops of the stockings. Whenever my skirt swishes as I walk, I flash a glimpse of my stocking tops, and if I sit and cross my legs, the gap between the tops of the stockings and my skirt, is an erotic invitation.
Did I say that I didn't cross the too slutty line? Maybe I went a tad too far. Well, it is too late to worry about that now. His door is right there... With my heart in my throat, I reach for the knob, turn it, and enter his classroom. My heart flutters when he looks up from his desk and I see the look on his face. I see surprise, that I actually showed; I see satisfaction that I showed, and that I am so obviously anxious; I also see lust, that I showed dressed like I am. I twirl, in order to give him a good look at my outfit and I say, "Well, I guess you can see what my answer is."
"Yes, you nasty slut. Come here and let Daddy get a closer look," he tells me, as he grabs my wrists and pulls me to him HARD. And when I say "hard" I don't just mean his grip. I mean his cock is HARD, rock hard, and pressing against my lower ribs. My GOD, was he always this tall??? Even in four inch heels, I barely reach his shoulders.
He grabs me in his strong arms, one hand under my ass and the other around my back, and he lifts me completely off the ground and CRUSHES me in a big hug. His mouth finds mine and he kisses me so passionately, that I actually feel like I will feint, I am so overwhelmed. When I get some control of my senses again, I return his kiss, just as passionately. I stroke his arms and neck and chest and I want to feel all of him, while at the same time, I want him to consume me completely.
I break our kiss only long enough to beg him, "Please fuck me now... I have been wanting all FUCKING week to feel you inside me. Please don't make me wait another second... PLEASE."
Seeing the look of lust in my eyes, he practically runs to the door, to lock it. He then pulls the shade down over the little window and turns back toward me with a look of almost dangerous lust in his eyes. Without another word, He spins me around and pushes me down on his desk. He flips my skirt up over my butt, and I I feel his hand reach up my thighs to pull my thong down and off. I am panting by the time he kicks my ankles farther apart, and I feel him trace his finger over my tight, sensitive asshole. He reaches into a desk drawer and pulls something out. I hear a slurping, squirt sound and I immediately feel something cool and slimy on my over sensitive butt hole.
I look back to see him place a tube of sexual lubricant down on the desk. I raise my eye brow questioningly. He tells me, "I was really hoping you would show today. As you can see, I was obviously ready, just in case." Then he starts swirling his finger around pushing into me slowly, opening me up, getting me ready for his big cock.
I keep looking back at him, as he lines his cock up. I feel it touch my tight ring and a moment of fear runs through me as I wonder if I can fit him. I don't have long to ponder that, as I feel his cock push into me, opening me up more than any other man has before. I feel so full that I am afraid I will tear. He slows and lets me get used to the size and fullness. When he sees my breathing ease and he feels me relax my tensed muscles, he pushes more of his big cock inside me. I suddenly realize that I can feel his balls pressing against me. He is all the way in me... I was able to take all of him in me...
As I feel like I am ready for him to start moving more inside me, I ask him, "Fuck me please... take me and make me YOURS... I want you to make me know that I am YOUR bitch... I want you to OWN me..."
He doesn't say a word, he just pulls out and then SLAMS into me. He crushes my tits under me against his desk and knocks the wind right out of me. He pulls out, and before I can catch my breath, SLAM. He crushes me again. I feel like I am being completely and totally fucked. He is fucking my entire body. It is like he is fucking my very soul. And God help me, I fucking LOVE it.
He is touching and rubbing places inside me that have never been touched and I am feeling electric jolts of pleasure shooting all through me. I know I can't last long and will cum all over his desk VERY soon. I realize that I feel his cock twitching and spasming inside me. He is close also. Oh GOD, it's coming... before I can say anything to him, He cries out and I feel his cock shoot hot splashes of cum deep inside me. This pushes me over the edge and I cum, spurting again and again, all over his desk. I feel it squishing under me and sticking me to the desk top.
As he pulls his slimy, cum covered cock out of me, I feel like I am suddenly hollow. I am completely spent and laying spread open across his desk, in a puddle of my own cum. I feel his cum start to drip from me and slide down my thigh. He looks down at me and asks me, "So, how does it feel to be the Teacher's Pet?"
He has quite literally fucked my brains out, and I can't even form words to speak in response to his playful barb. All I can do is weakly turn to look at him and lift a hand enough to give him a thumbs up. He SMACKS my ass and laughs at me, as he tells me, "Get up off my desk you nasty whore... Just because you are the Teacher's pet, doesn't mean that you can lay around all day in a pool of cum... We have to get out of here... I have so many things planned for you..."
Oh my GOD. The way he said that gave me goose bumps. I am pretty sure I am REALLY going to enjoy being the Teacher's Pet...
*** This is the end of this story, but just the beginning of Sam's adventure learning what it means to be the Teacher's Pet. I hope you enjoyed this story and please feel free to provide your thoughts on it or on where Sam's journey should lead. As always, thanks for reading. ***