You've always been the quiet sort. Never the popular girl, and certainly never the centre of attention. You did get attention, of course. Boys liked you, you liked them, but it never really worked. You're even seeing a guy now -- fucking him once a week -- but it's casual, no feelings.
You arrive at his place, Friday night as usual. You're wearing casual clothes, long past the point of trying to impress him: yoga pants and a tank top. Buzzed into the apartment you walk up the stairs to his door and it's open as usual. But as you enter you hear the murmur of conversation, and you step into the living room to see he has four friends, all men, sitting on the sofas with beers in hand. You look over at him with a nervous questioning look, but he just smiles and beckons you over. As you walk through the room the men look up at you and you feel them sizing up your body.
You nervously perch on the sofa beside your fuckbuddy, he hands you a beer and places his hand firmly on your thigh, pulling you closer. He introduces you to the group as "the friend I was telling you about", and the guys say hello then go back to chatting and laughing. You feel uncomfortably out of place. And only more so when you feel your fuckbuddy slide his hand further up your thigh until it is resting on your pussy. You were horny already and you feel yourself get wetter at his touch.
He looks over you and grins, "Show us your tits." You stare at him in confusion, you must have misheard. He rubs against your cunt and says it again, slower and louder. His friends are all staring now too and you feel yourself blush. But somehow, you realise you want to do as he says, and you lift your top, showing your bra. He pulls your bra down and your tits are out. He squeezes them and his friends start commenting, the consensus is that your tits are on the smaller side, but hot. After a few minutes of conversation about your tits, they start talking about football again, you seem forgotten.
Your fuckbuddy takes one of your hands and places it on his crotch, and you feel his cock through his shorts. You start slowly stroking it and he rubs your cunt faster. As far as you can tell, his friends haven't noticed. Feeling brave and horny, you slip your hand into the waistband of his shorts and start jerking off his cock. He copies you and soon his fingers are in your cunt.
Being fingered in front of all these strangers is driving you wild and you feel yourself close to cumming. He realises and speaks again, drawing everyone's attention, "She's about to cum already, should I let her?" All his friends focus on you again and being exposed like that is the last straw, you moan and hump your fuckbuddy's hand as you cum. The shame of looking so horny in front of them makes it more intense, and you know your yoga pants are probably visibly soaked through. You pant and realise what you've just done. All his friend's are staring at you hungrily, and you feel shame and fear. Your fuckbuddy breaks your state of shock,
"You're not done, slut, get on your knees." You know you shouldn't, but when you hear him call you a slut you almost moan, and you slip off the sofa and onto the floor between his legs. You are so horny you don't even think twice before pulling down his shorts and licking his cock, from base to head and back again. His friends are all watching, and you smirk and spit some drool onto his cock. He cracks open another beer and sits back as you start bobbing your head up and down.
You are good at sucking cock. You take pride in how well you deep throat, how you make cute gagging noises, how you use your tongue to tease the head. You know your fuckbuddy won't last long, and you try even harder to look sexy for all his watching friends. He is moaning softly and you realise your hand is between your legs, pushing you closer to another orgasm. Each time you swirl your tongue you feel his cock throb, and you moan too, letting the vibrations add to the sensation.
He suddenly starts to grunt and his leg twitches. You obediently suck faster still, pushing him to cum. He thrusts his hips and feel his cum hit the back of your throat. You moan louder and swallow, your lips sealed to his cock as he squirts cum over and over into your mouth. You slowly release his cock and give it a kiss for effect. He tries to get his breath back, and you suddenly feel self conscious, looking around the room and seeing his friend's all starting at you lustfully. All of them have either taken their cock out, or have their hand down their trousers. Your fuckbuddy smiles, "Who's next?"
You are surrounded by cocks within seconds. As soon as your fuckbuddy had said it: "Who's next?", all his friends had practically pounced. The four of them stood in a tight circle around you and you immediately did as you were expected to and started sucking one, trying to stroke the rest with your hands and keep all four strangers happy. His friends were clearly less dominant than him and were just feeling lucky to be involved: none of them were touching you and they were all just standing still letting you work. You took your mouth off the first cock with a wet pop and moved to the next.
You rotated around all four cocks like this: sucking them for a few minutes at a time each, working as hard as you could with your hands while they waited for your mouth. When you got to the sixth turn, after barely twenty seconds you realised he was about to cum. You took your hands off his friends and started rubbing his balls and grabbed his ass, pulling him into your mouth. He almost instantly came: it was even more cum than your fuckbuddy and you felt some leak and run down your chin. His buddies cheered and after he recovered they all fist bumped and he collapsed back onto one of the chairs.
The other three guys didn't celebrate their friend for long before they were back in your throat. They were starting to get more confident in fucking your face, and one guy even groped your tits. But you wanted more. You paused sucking and started pulling down your yoga pants and underwear, looking up at the three guys, "I need you to fuck me." You crawled across the floor, taking the opportunity to wave your ass at the guys, and climbed onto a sofa. You got into doggy position and arched your back, pushing your ass up and out for the guy who was already lining himself up behind you. Another of them stood by the sofa and you started sucking his cock.
As you started deepthroating the friend in front of you, the guy behind you was slowly sliding his cock into you. You moaned at finally being fucked, pushing backwards until he was all the way inside. You started bouncing yourself back and forth between the two cocks, letting them treat you as a fucktoy between them. The third friend who hadn't yet cum was watching, jerking off with one hand and groping your tits with the other.
The guy in your pussy was clearly loving it, he was fucking slowly and moaning constantly, trying to stop himself cumming. You took your chance and started shaking your ass, fucking his cock faster to make him cum. He groaned and tried to pull out but it was too late. You felt the first spurt of cum in your pussy, the second and third hit your ass before a fourth coated your back. You moaned in pleasure at your success. Almost immediately the final friend was behind you, forcing his much thicker cock into your pussy.
You are about to cum again, from being used like a slut by two cocks at once, and you start moaning and deepthroating further and further. The guy in front of you also pulls out of your mouth and you jerk his cock once or twice before ropes of cum start coating your face. You catch one in your mouth and show him it on your tongue and the rest cover your face and hair. You grin and start focusing fully on being fucked by the cock in your cunt. He's also getting close and with your mouth now empty you start moaning and begging him for his cum. All the guys are watching now, and you make eye contact with your fuckbuddy and wink as you feel his friend start cumming deep inside you. He makes no effort to pull out and you moan in gratitude while he fills you.
He pulls out and nearly falls, staggering back to a sofa. You kneel on the sofa and wipe the cum from your face and ass, scooping it into your mouth and showing off for all five men. They are speechless and you feel proud of yourself for making all of them cum so hard. After cleaning up and swallowing all the cum you can, you hop up and head to the shower. As you wash off the cum you hear them raving about how hot that was and congratulating your fuckbuddy on having found such an easy slut, and you nearly cum again from hearing yourself so objectified. You decide you'll be doing this a lot more.