Author's note: All of my stories are fiction. Any similarity to real life is purely coincidental. If this offends you, move on, if not enjoy.
***
My wife and I were on our way to our camp and decided to stop at Smitty's bar on the way there. It's about half way and we occasionally stop. It is a little hole in the wall bar and they have decent food. Smitty is a nice old guy and it breaks the trip up as it can get a little long after work. We had been there about a month earlier and my wife volunteered to cover a shift for the regular waitress who had sprained her ankle. She had a great time waiting on a crew of guys who were on their way back home after working on a project for a month. Another crew was coming in for the next month and the final phase of the project. She ended up naked at the end of the night and made $600 in tips. Not a bad night for sure and she said it was fun and she might be interested in doing it again. In fact, Smitty had offered for her to be on the last night of the next crew if she wanted as she really made the bar some money.
When we walked in, Susie the waitress recognized us and came over right away. "I remember you two. You covered my shift and you gave me a ride home. Smitty said you did an awesome job covering for me and made some really good tips that night. Smitty, come over and see who just came in. I never made $600 in tips from those guys. You must have serviced them really special."
Smitty walked over from behind the bar and immediately smiled as he recognized my wife and I. "Susie, why don't you go and get them their drinks. Your wife serviced those guys like I've never seen before. The old cash register could barely keep up, me too for that matter."
"There is another crew finishing up tomorrow night and there are six of them. I think Susie could use some help, as could I. You serviced those boys really well and this crew has been asking if they could get the same type of send off. Susie has been taking care of them, but she could use a little guidance on how to make the big tips. You were pretty creative and they liked that. Maybe your husband could tend bar for me as I can't keep up with that kind of crowd in here anymore. I would surely appreciate it."
"We'll do it," I said. "I can tend bar and she'll be happy to assist."
"Excellent. You can keep all the tips you make and eat and drink for free for the night. In fact, why don't you enjoy tonight on me as well." With that, he told Susie we were on the house tonight.
As we were driving to camp, my wife seemed upset that I agreed to volunteer for the next night. She said, "I have something to tell you. I wasn't just naked last month running their drinks. I actually did some things with those guys. That's why they tipped so well. I misunderstood what Susie had said. She told me she was servicing them all week. I thought she meant having sex with them, especially when she told me that she ended up naked every night. They said they wouldn't tip at all if I didn't service them like she did. Come to find out, all she did was get naked and run them drinks, but the way she said it lead me to believe otherwise."
"I figured that out that night. You don't think I thought they gave you $600 for just being naked and running them drinks all night, did you? I came back and you were naked with two hand prints on your ass and washers on your nipples. I'm ok with it. We've been married a long time and I have no worries about us. As long as you didn't get hurt and you had a good time. I know that you like to be in control and if it wasn't going how you wanted it to, you would have shut it down. Besides, it's good to let loose once in awhile. I figured why not? All we were going to do was sit around camp anyway."
"I'm guessing this crew is expecting the same type of service. Are you sure you're ok with that?"
"Yes. I will be there this time and if it gets too far out of hand, I'll step in. Just don't let on that I am your husband. I'm just the bartender looking out for my waitstaff."
"Alright, I guess. I did have fun. However, I don't know what I should wear."
"Well, you have your short golfing skirt at camp from our last time down when we went golfing. Put that on with just a thong and wear a loose shirt with no undershirt and that should be a good start. Were you able to work with your high heel ankle boots? If so, wear those. They make your legs look longer and your ass really stands out."
We showed up the next night at about five pm so Smitty could show us where all the back up beer and liquor were. My wife immediately downed two margaritas to get the night started. The two ladies got the tables set up and I got the bar ready to go.
The guys came in and loudly announced that they were there. They stopped in their tracks when they noticed a new bartender and a new waitress. They looked my wife up and down and liked what they saw. Her long legs and short skirt with an almost see through white shirt and her high heel ankle boots really piqued their attention. Susie was wearing her short knit skirt, deep cut shirt and ankle boots as well. "You'll be running with Susie like crazy tonight. We are thirsty and hungry and this is our last night here and the company said no limits on what we spend. Let's start with two beers for each and rib eyes all around. And keep the beers coming."
As the girls turned to walk away, the guys knocked their order pads out of their hands so they would have to bend over to pick them up. In unison, the women bent over, allowing their short skirts to ride up and expose half their asses. Not missing an opportunity, Eric and Dan lifted their skirts the rest of the way and smacked them each hard on their asses. It was really loud and grabbed the attention of everyone. The girls jumped and yelped.
My wife turned quickly and raised her index finger and put her best mom scowl on while looking at Eric. Her scowl then turned to a smirk.
Eric, caught off guard, acted like a little child and stammered, ""What? Sorry, I couldn't resist. Now, you know I need to smack the other cheek too, right? Make it even and all, can't play favorites," he said like a little kid asking permission.
My wife looked over at Susie who was still rubbing the sting out of her bum. Susie shrugged her shoulders. My wife looked the guys up and down and noticed that they were all watching the exchange. What she did next caught me totally by surprise. She is not into the rough stuff at all and makes it known to me every time I smack her on the ass she doesn't enjoy it. However, she sighed and rolled her eyes as she turned around slowly and lifted her skirt herself and bent over giving all of them a great view of her now uncovered and reddening ass. Susie followed suit and the two men smacked them just as hard on the other cheek. The women yelped again, but remained bent over showing off their two red hand prints to the guys. It was clear to the guys that Susie wasn't wearing any panties and my wife was wearing a thong.
My wife looked over her shoulder, "There, satisfied? Nice red hand prints on each cheek and stinging asses to get the night started." She pulled her skirt down and stood up.
"Listen new girl. Susie isn't wearing panties. You better lose that thong quick if you want to make the big money tonight."
My wife is very sharp witted and speaks freely. She said, "I'll keep mine on while there are other customers in the bar as there might be kids coming in for dinner. As soon as the bar clears out, don't worry, you'll get the kind of service that will get us big tips. Hell, it might even get us some whole shafts as well," and gave the table a nice wink. "Besides, isn't it better to leave a little to your imagination for awhile?" The guys laughed as they sat down. She noticed that this was a much younger crew than last month.
Seeing those four glowing ass cheeks made me think this was going to be a real fun night to watch.
My wife came to the bar and saw the look of bewilderment on my face. "What? Just trying to get things going. I have to play that way or I won't get big tips."
"I get that, but that is so out of character for you."
"Oh well. I believe you said I should start letting loose more often. Here you go. Enjoy the night."
The ladies delivered their first drinks to the table and were very flirty with the guys. Susie was bending over and letting her shirt open so they could see right down it and view her nice cleavage. She was in her mid twenties and had ample cleavage to look at. My wife, at 50, had every bit as much but normally doesn't like to show it. However, tonight, she was wearing an almost see through white shirt that was cut very low and you could see all of her cleavage.
As Susie leaned way over to serve the beers to the guys on the other side of the table, Steve reached out and grabbed her upper thigh and his thumb was definitely rubbing her naked pussy. I had a good view from the bar and it sure looked like he slid his thumb in her shaved pussy. Steve looked up at her and said, "Sorry, just trying to help so you don't lose your balance."
"Thanks. I really appreciate that, but you can take your thumb out of me now," she said, a little flustered.
My wife, seeing the display and realizing that the bar was empty still, went over to Steve and grabbed his hand and pulled his thumb to her mouth and sucked it. The whole table erupted in hoots and hollers and my wife said, "mmmmm. We'll have to see where that goes later."
Roger, who was sitting behind my wife, lifted her skirt up and kissed both of her red ass cheeks. He said, "This is a really nice looking ass, I hope I get to do even more to it later?"
"I don't see why not, but it depends on how you behave." With that she walked away and flicked her skirt up to show her ass one more time.
A three top walked in and just missed the display. They sat down and my wife went over to take their order. She deliberately faced away from the guys and made sure to bend over as she took the order exposing her almost naked ass to them. They noticed and appreciated the show. She then dropped her order pad again, and gave them another good long look at her ass. As she turned around and started to walk back to the bar, she noticed them staring and made sure to put a little extra bounce and jiggle in her step so her breasts would sway and bounce even more.
Another table walked in and Susie took that one. After seeing how my wife waited on her table, she did the same. Being much shorter, it was harder for her to bend over while taking the order, when she bent over to pick up her order pad, the guys got an unobstructed view of her nicely shaved pussy. As she was bent over, she pretended to adjust her boot, just to make sure they were paying attention.
After my wife delivered the drinks, she returned to the guys table and Dan reached under her skirt and pulled her closer to him. Not hard enough to draw attention from the other two tables, but he definitely ran his hand up her inner thigh and rubbed her panty covered pussy to get her attention. As she was standing taking the next drink order his rubbing was starting to get to her.
She looked at him and said, "Keep doing that and I may have to take my thong off as it will be wet, and I don't want to catch a chill. I'll have to be careful not to show the other tables my naked pussy as that would be embarrassing."
"Really? That would be awesome. Maybe you can service everyone in here tonight instead of just our table. Make some real big tips."
She went back in the kitchen to get their food and removed her thong, which was now soaking wet from the rubbing she had just received. She put half the food on a tray and Susie grabbed the other half. My wife took her thong and put it in a to go container and put it on her tray.
The two ladies grabbed the trays and headed out to the table. My wife put the to go container down in front of Dan, along with all of the other food. They would serve the guys across the table so as to show their cleavage to the guys they were serving. They made sure to really lean over to make sure their shirts would open nicely. It was tricky though, they didn't want to flash the other tables, but at this point they didn't really care if they did. They were all guys too and if they happened to get a show, so be it. It might help with those tips as well.
Dan was confused by the to go container and asked, "What is this? I didn't order anything to go."
"Well, if you aren't even going to look, then maybe you don't get to take it home with you," my wife said.
He opened the to go container and saw her panties. "Does this mean what I think it means?"
"That depends. What do you think it means?"
"I think it means you took your thong off. But there are still tables in here. What if they happen to see something?"
"Oh well. Maybe you should check to be sure."
He then pulled her over again and turned her to face the other table so her ass was facing the guys. He then lifted her skirt to expose her now completely naked ass to his own table.
"Look guys, she took her panties off." The guys loved the show and hooted and hollered as before as he smacked her now exposed ass. Nothing like before, just enough to create a noise to draw attention. The other two tables turned to look and saw him with my wife's skirt lifted up showing her ass to his table. He quickly slid his other hand around to the front to lift the front of her skirt and showed the other two tables that she indeed was not wearing any panties. She tried to pull her skirt down, but he was much stronger, and made sure that they all got a real good look before he allowed her to pull it down.
"There, now everyone in here knows you aren't wearing any panties. No need to be shy. Susie, can you come here please?"
She hadn't seen what had happened as she was coming out of the kitchen and unknowingly went over to him. He did the same thing to her. He spun her so her ass was facing the guys table and lifted her skirt to reveal a younger firmer ass and gave it a smack as well. The guys hooted and hollered again, and the other tables turned to see what was going on now. He then moved his hand to the front of her skirt and lifted it to make sure the other two tables could see that hers was shaved. "Now everyone knows you aren't wearing panties either. Maybe you two should just take your skirts off for the rest of the night. I'm sure that would really help with those tips too. Nothing left to the imagination anymore," as he looked at my wife and winked.
The guys certainly made them work after that, sending them back to the kitchen or the bar the whole meal for everything. One drink at a time, salt, pepper, horse radish, ketchup, you name it. Every time one would walk away they would be sure to spin quickly so as to give either an ass or pussy shot and give a little wiggle and upon their return they would make sure to be bouncy so their boobs were very noticed. The guys loved it.
The guys at the other tables certainly didn't mind either as they were now aware of what was going on and jumped in as well, making them really work hard and make lots of trips back and forth. They started to drop things on the floor to make the girls bend over and get them as well. A fork here, a straw, you name it. They ordered lots of drinks and stuck around for hours after they were done eating. They realized that when the girls were taking their orders, the guys table got the show and when the girls were at the guys table, that they were getting the show.
No other tables came in and those two left by ten pm. Through the course of the night, they did get their share of looks as well and tipped accordingly. My wife said they each made a fifty percent tip from their respective table.
As the night went on, the road crew table got more and more hands on and would continually lift skirts and smack asses when they could. Not hard like that first time, but nevertheless the girls would feel it and the other tables would look every time. I think several times each lady got a finger or two inserted as they would be standing taking orders or clearing the table. I'm sure that contributed to the tips at the other tables as they were the ones that got to see what was happening.
I didn't realize it, but one of the guys had walked over to the door and flipped the open sign so it said closed when the last of the other tables left. He must have done it while I was in the back getting beer to restock the cooler.
My wife realized what had happened and downed another margarita. She then slipped her bra off under her shirt and her nipples were nicely visible. She approached the table and asked for another round. They all said sure, whatever. None of them noticed that she had taken her bra off as they were too busy watching Susie clear the last table. She would basically lean way over the table, exposing her naked pussy one way, and when she was on the other side of the table, she was giving lots of cleavage. Nothing she hadn't been doing the whole night, but every time it grabbed their attention.
Not to be outdone, my wife went in to the kitchen and removed her shirt. She pinched and rolled her nipples to make sure they were hard and red, then drizzled some butterscotch on her tits and stuck a pineapple ring around each nipple and then topped it off with whipped cream, making sure that her swollen red nipples were very visible through the pineapple rings. She swung back by the bar to pick up the order. "Let's see if they ignore me this time around," she said to me with a smile on her face.
She approached the table and noticed the guys were still ogling Susie. She went to hand Al his beer and he dropped it in his lap. The ruckus caused everyone to look and see what was happening. He jumped and got a little upset, until he saw my wife and realized she had taken her shirt off.
"Anybody want some dessert? I've got butterscotch covered "pinenipples" for your enjoyment," she said coyly. "Topped with bright red nipple cherries."
Al pulled her close and licked the whipped cream and butterscotch, spending extra time on her nipples. He licked and sucked them until they were rock hard and at full attention. He reached out and grabbed a nipple between each thumb and forefinger and pinched and rolled them hard. She was both in heaven and hell at the same time. It felt so good, but yet it hurt as well. "You spilled my beer, and that should cost you something," he said while now pulling and tugging on her nipples as well. Her moans told him that he was getting to her. "What do you intend to do to make this right? You don't want me to tell Smitty and get you fired, do you?"
"I'm so sorry sir," she said all polite and formal (nothing like the banter they had been saying all night), "Just like I took my panties off earlier when they got wet, we should get your clothes off quickly so I can hang them up to dry. You shouldn't sit in wet clothes. I really don't want to lose my job. I'm sure something can be arranged to make this right. Some must have gotten on your cock too, I can clean that for you as well while they are drying. I hear saliva works really well for that."
He was caught off guard, but didn't release her nipples. "Um, ok. Sure, that would be really nice of you, seeing as you spilled my beer," which she really hadn't.
He let go of her nipples and undid his pants and pulled them off as he sat back down on his chair. By now, the rest of the crew was aware of what was happening and forgot about ogling Susie. He was facing the bar, which meant that my wife was facing away from me. As I looked up from re-stocking the cooler, there was my wife on her knees with her face in this strangers crotch. I could see her beautiful ass and naked pussy under her skirt and her head going up and down sucking him off.
Eric moved in behind her and lifted her skirt up on to her back. He then said, "You spilled some beer on me earlier and it is getting a little sticky too. Any idea how you can clean that?" He removed his pants and I could see that his cock was much bigger than mine,
She stopped for a moment and looked over her shoulder. Her eyes got wide as she saw the size of his cock. "I hear that pussy juice works well for cleaning cocks too. Why don't you put it in and let me clean it for you. You know, like a golf ball washer, just push it in and out until it cums clean. That should do the trick."
He moved in behind her while she was on her knees sucking on Al's dick. He slowly started to work his cock in, and based on her moans, I could tell she was enjoying being filled so much as he finally completely entered her. He started to pump her as she continued to clean Al's cock with her mouth, and now his with her pussy.
Susie, finally seeing what was going on, was stunned by what she saw. I don't think she realized what happened a month ago and how my wife made $600 in tips, but now she knew. She knew that if she wanted big bucks, she would have to play too.
She slipped her shirt off and pulled her skirt down and sauntered over to the table and said, "don't I get some attention too? I've been servicing you guys all week. Maybe it's time I get something in return."
Ryan then lifted her up on the table right in from of him and started to eat her out. She threw her head back as he immediately hit the right spot. This caused her to lay back across the table and her head fell over the other side. Seeing an opportunity, Steve took his pants off and moved around the table so he could slide his dick in her now open mouth. She knew what was expected and his cock slid right in. He didn't waste any time and started to pump away as she started to suck feverishly. She started bucking her hips wildly and basically fucking Ryan's face as he expertly ate her out. As he worked her over, it was just a matter of time until she was in the throws of an orgasm. This pushed Steve over the top and he shot his load deep down her throat.
The sound of that caused Al to cum deep in my wife's throat. He grabbed her by the back of her head and held her tight as he pumped his load straight in so she couldn't pull back. He wanted to make sure she got it all. As he was doing that, Eric started to shoot his load deep in her pussy. His cock was hitting her in places that had never been hit before and it drove her over the edge for her own orgasm. How she was able to breathe, I don't know, but it was a big orgasm and lasted longer than I had ever seen.
Susie rode her own orgasm to finish and then Ryan said, how about me now. Susie dropped to her knees and pulled Ryan's pants down and started to deep throat him. She was really good. Starting at the bottom and licking it slowly to the top like an ice cream cone, all the while working his balls with her hands. When she would reach the tip, she would swirl her tongue around the tip and then swallow it deep for a couple of pumps with her warm firm mouth. Then she would back off and do it again. She was so good, that Dan and Roger were standing and watching in awe as Ryan was getting an expert blow job.
My wife, grabbed Roger's hand and said, "You said earlier that you wanted to do something else to my ass. What did you have in mind?" With that, she turned around and wiggled her ass enticingly. He dropped to his knees and used his thumbs to hold her cheeks apart while he kissed her ass cheeks. He licked one of this thumbs and started to work it in to her ass in slow circles becoming more insistent with each twirl. She was enjoying the attention as she started to push back against his thumb trying to get it to enter her. "Maybe you should try something a little longer, maybe your cock would fit?"
He took his pants off and spit in his hand and rubbed it all over his now rock hard cock. As he positioned himself to enter her, Dan moved in front and stuck his fully erect penis in her face and told her to take it all the way in. As she did, he pushed because she wasn't fast enough for him. This caused her to move backwards against Roger's penetrating cock. She wasn't quite ready for the anal intrusion and let out a slight whimper, which only caused Dan to drive a little deeper.
Roger and Dan were both deep in my wife. One in her ass and the other in her mouth. As the pace quickened, Dan said, "Ten bucks says I can fill her up before you."
"Maybe, I'm in her ass and it feels so good and tight. But, it sure looks like she can suck too. You're on."
With that, the two of them started to really pound her hard. She was completely enjoying being used as a fuck toy by these two men and was doing everything she could to get them both off. She was sucking hard on Dan's cock while clenching her ass on Roger's, trying to see who she could get off first. Without warning, Roger started to moan and pushed in hard and held it as deep as he could. He sent his load deep in my wife's ass with a big shout announcing that he won.
Dan, looking up knowing he had lost, saw Ryan still getting his blow job. Seeing Susie's tight young ass exposed, he decided that he wanted to fuck that instead of finishing in my wife's mouth. He pulled out and settled in behind Susie and slid his cock up and down her pussy. It was still wet with my wife's slobber so he had no problem pushing it in to her ass. She moaned and started to push back so he could enter her. He knew it wouldn't be long as her tight young ass felt warm and inviting.
Ryan, feeling his orgasm build and not wanting to hold out any longer, told Susie to finish him off. She did one more trip from the bottom and engulfed his cock completely and started to really suck hard while fondling both of his balls. He couldn't take anymore and let go, sending jets of hot come down her throat. She swallowed all of it and then made sure to lick any remnants off when he pulled out.
Susie's tight warm ass felt so good to Dan that he couldn't hold out any longer. As she finished up Ryan, he pumped fast and furious and shot his load in her. As he was coming down from his orgasm, the group was all sitting at the table exhausted from the evening. They had put away a lot of beer and I could tell they were done. Being younger, they were more focused on drinking on the company's dime than having fun with the waitstaff.
"All right gentlemen, time to square up the tab. It's closing time."
They moaned and groaned but had agreed they were too tired to continue as they had a long drive ahead of them tomorrow and that this was the kind of send off they had hoped for.
They tipped me pretty well as they never had to wait for service. They gave each girl $450 and started towards the door. The girls seemed a little disappointed with the tip so I reminded them that they got huge tips from the other tables and all they did was provide them great service. That seemed to cheer them up.
Smitty came out from the office as the girls got dressed and told Susie she could take off. "I take it you ladies took care of the guys on their send off night? It looks like they tipped you pretty well. And I never saw the other two tables stay that long or drink that much either. Those locals usually come in and eat and are gone. You got some pretty good money out of them as well."
As Susie was walking out the door, I said, "the way I see it, Smitty, is this. You had great sales tonight for the second time with my wife volunteering for you. I think we can call this a mutually beneficial situation going forward. You get a nice bump in sales and my wife gets a nice bump in her bum, among other places as well." She chuckled at that.
"Agreed. By the way. Opening day of hunting season is coming up in a month and Susie will be back at college. It usually gets pretty busy in here and I could sure use some help. I don't have any other staff as this bar is so out of the way. Opening day is on a Friday this year. You could make it a three night gig. Thursday will be mild, but Friday and Saturday will be crazy with all the hunters who come in here. Do you think you and your wife could find a couple of waitresses to help me out that night?"
My wife didn't even hesitate. "I think I might be able to get someone to help me out. That is, if my husband and her husband are ok with it."
I nodded my approval as I enjoyed the show and I was curious as to who in our circle of friends she was talking about.
"That would be so appreciated. You seem to have a real knack for servicing the guys and hunting season will have an even bigger crowd. Your husband sure did a great job slinging drinks and I appreciate the help and the money you guys made for me tonight. Once hunting season is over, the bar pretty much shuts down as people stop coming out to their camps."
"Ok then. We'll let you know as the date approaches if we can help you out," I said as we walked out the door.
"Who do you have in mind? I'm not sure any of our friends would be ok with their wife's doing this."
"You'd be surprised who would be ok with this. Us women talk you know. Just like I had this fantasy, so do some of our friends. You guys treat us like queens and sometimes we want to be treated not like queens, but pieces of meat. It wouldn't be right to ask our husbands to do that stuff to us. I was nervous with having you there tonight, I wasn't sure if you would really allow someone else to take me while you were watching."
"Like I said earlier. As long as you are safe and having fun, I'm ok with it. I know you're coming home with me at the end of the night, and besides, I have some pretty dark fantasies too that I couldn't ever do to you, you know. I just get in the right frame of mind and you weren't my wife tonight."
"It's just getting them to buy in to it and getting their husbands on board. Let me worry about that. Let's get back to camp, I need a shower and I'm sure you could use a little relief yourself."