Skyping
Part 1
It was a weird day, but a lot of fun. It started in the morning, and ended many hours later, with our friendship in a completely different place.
She was at home by herself, really just enjoying time alone, as was I. We were on Skype, both drinking, and we started flirting a bit as we often do.
Maybe flirting isn't the right word, more just being intimate. We started talking and joking about sex earlier and she told me that she was 'kinky'. After that, I just had to find out how kinky she was, or at least, what her definition was. I was pumping her for information and we were talking about all sorts of things, including how she almost had sex in the bed next to me fairly recently. The intimacy was a real turn on.
After a long time, a few drinks, and a smoke, the conversation circled back to sex, and we talked about firsts, and outrageous things and embarrassing things. We returned to the story about her recent sex and how it was almost in the hotel room we were sharing. Then she moved the camera from the computer, which was odd. I wasn't sure what I was looking at initially, then realised that she had moved the camera from her face and shoulders to show her lower body. Specifically, to show me that she was rubbing her pussy while talking to me. She was lying on her side, but her knees were bent and her top leg was pointed up. She clearly had her hand in her crotch, rubbing around where her clit would be. Just on the outside of her shorts, but still!
She moved the camera back to look me in the eye. I told her that I couldn't believe she was showing me this. She asked I wanted her to do more. I said of COURSE I did. She laughed.
But she didn't. We kept drinking. She had another smoke.
Then, when she was sitting upright again, leaning back on the couch with the computer showing her upper body,I realised I couldn't see her hands anymore.
I asked if she could show me her hands. She showed me one. I asked for the other. She put the first one away then showed me the other. I asked to see both at the same time but she asked why. I told her that I thought that she was using one hand to pull aside her shorts, and the other to rub her clit for real and not just through her shorts like before.
And she blushed. But kept looking at me.
I suggested that rather than do this she should just take her shorts off, so she looked at me and smiled. But didn't do anything. And she changed the subject.
As usually happens when we chat for a long time, we need toilet breaks, and we took one a little later.
When we were back, after a while I noticed that she was waving her hand around more than normal. Once I'd noticed it I couldn't but notice it each time. Eventually, I asked her if she was doing it more than usual, or if it was my imagination.
She blushed again and said that she took my advice.
'What was that?', I asked.
'That if I took my shorts off I only needed to use one hand of course.'
I was shocked, and immediately turned on. I asked if that meant I'd guessed right before and it turned out that I had.
I started rubbing myself through my shorts. But I tried to be subtle. In the end, I know that guys don't turn her on and she knows that girls do turn me on. It's a weird understating that we have. She's fine with being sexual and talking about sex and masturbation, but we don't really talk about me because she just isn't interested.
So I thought through all the questions I wanted to ask while she was rubbing herself and thought that I should put off asking her to see it for as long as I could.
I opened with, 'so what are you thinking about while you're rubbing yourself.' She was thinking about the sex she'd had a couple of weeks ago. I said, 'that's funny, I was thinking about that not long ago too!'
'You know that I seriously tried to get her to come back to our place, right?' I know she'd mentioned it before but I really didn't think she would have gone through with it, and told her as much. She was convinced she would have.
'So what do you think would have happened?', I asked.
'Well, there were two queens in the hotel room. We would have had one, and you the other.'
'And you would have had sex?'
'Well, we would have tried to be quiet'
'Do you think I would have noticed?'
'I certainly hope so! How rude not to notice if someone is having sex in the same room as you!' she said.
'Ha, and her?'
'Well she wasn't as keen on the idea, but I think I almost convinced her, because she was pretty keen to have sex with me!'
'So you know that I would have had to be masturbating in a situation like that, right?'
'Of course. I'd just hope that you did it subtly.'
'Subtly?'
'Yes, like, quietly under the covers, not getting up and walking over with your dick in your hand! Because, you understand of course, there was no possibility of a threesome. That would not be an option.'
'Surely if I was masturbating watching you have sex with another girl, then that counts as a threesome?' I asked.
'Haha, maybe. But I think that having some physical contact with the people having sex would have to be part of the rules for a threesome.'
'Ok, that's true. It certainly wouldn't be as good a story. But I'm still not sure why you would do it? Why have sex next to me in the hotel room?'
'I just liked the idea of you sharing it somehow. We all went out together and had a lot of fun, and I thought you would like the night to finish strong. You had come a long way to visit me, after all.'
'Ok, I kinda get that, but...are you an exhibitionist? Is that the thing? Or part of it?'
'I don't really think it's that, but I do like knowing that I'm affecting people. That's why I always love dancing close when I'm drunk and grinding on you. I like the fact that I can control how someone is feeling at that moment. It's not that I like the feel of the hardness in your pants, I like what it means though. And that I caused it.'
'Haha, you know I love it when you do that!'
'Of course.'
'So what would you have been ok with me masturbating if you were having sex with a girl in the bed next to me?'
'Well, as long as you were staying on your bed that would probably be ok.'
'So if I was just sitting up, sheets off, watching you, playing with my dick. That would have been ok?'
'That would have been fine. I would have liked it actually.'
'Ha, so it wasn't just to do a favour for me?'
'Ok, no. It would have been a huge turn on for me too.'
'Good, then you definitely should do it. But what's the turn on for you.'
'Just knowing you're watching. And you realise, it's not just anyone watching, I like the idea that it's you. I know how much I love watching two girls kiss, and know that you feel the same, and like the idea of turning you on.'
'Anything else you like watching with two girls?' I asked.
'I haven't really watched anything else with two girls.'
'Well, remind me to send you some URLs. I can do something about that!'
'Thanks but don't worry about.'
'Well, what do you like doing best?'
'I like getting eaten out. Just lying back. Especially if the girl is looking at me,' she said.
'That sounds very nice. Anything else?'
'Well, I quite enjoy using a strap-on.'
'Ha, interesting. Giving or receiving?'
'Giving, that's the fun bit.'
'So you have a strap-on?'
'No, just used one a few times. Until it broke.'
'You broke a strap-on? That's hilarious!'
'It wasn't at the time, it was at a very bad moment!'
'Haha, fair enough.'
Then I thought I'd change the subject a bit. So I asked her if she knew that my knowledge that she was rubbing herself was making me really really hot. She said of course, and she asked how hard I was. It was everything I could to not to tell her that I'd show her if she wanted. I just told her that I was really hard. I think she actually likes this. She's a bit of a tease and likes knowing that she has some control over me. And also likes it that I find her hot!
Eventually, I had to ask her if I could see her rubbing herself. She blushed; but once again looked me in the eyes. I asked her if she had been waiting for that question and she replied, 'of course I have! What's the point of telling you I'm rubbing my clit if it doesn't make you want to watch me!'
Ok, now things were getting interesting.
Part 2
So now I'm waiting, impatiently. Trying to work out what she's going to do next. Is she being a horrible tease? If so, I could still live with that. But what would be better would be, if she was being an even worse tease!
She's lying on the couch, on her side looking at me. She has the most amazingly beautiful eyes; big and blue and I'm a sucker for them. She also has beautiful lips. I'm looking at these and her rosy cheeks as she reaches towards the computer and swivels it slightly. It's now showing the rest of her body and I can see that her hand is in her crotch. Then she moves the computer back so I can only see her upper body.
'Thanks,' I say and smile.
'You're welcome!'
'So, the question I need to ask you is, why on earth did you just do that?!'
'Well, we've been talking about sex for a while and you know I love you and I know that you're hard, and it was kinda turning me on. And, well, the wine and the weed got me hotter and hotter. But mostly in the end, I showed you because I knew you'd like it.'
'Well, I did. But I'm afraid that now you have me started, I really need you to keep going.'
'No. That's not going to happen,' she said.
'Well, ok, here's the thing. I've already seen you rubbing your clit, so the horse has completely bolted. And what I want right now, more than almost anything in the world, is to watch you masturbate until you come.'
'Why, why's that such a big deal to you?'
'Ok, good question. I never really realised it but I've always really loved the idea of watching someone masturbate. I guess that means I have some voyeuristic tendencies. And right now they're going into overdrive!'
'Mmmm...and no one ever gets told about this?'
'Of course not sweetie.'
'That's fair. Ok, I solemnly swear that I will never tell anyone about our Skype conversation today,' I solemnly said.
So this was really going to happen. I'd always thought my friend was hot, even more so once I got to know her. But the idea of doing anything sexual with her was never an option, and I knew that. Over the years we would talk about sex from time to time, probably more at my instigation than hers, but we had never done anything like this. I love her deeply, and found her attractive, but had never thought about her sexually, until now.
She reached out and moved the computer so that I could see her pussy again. She was just gently rubbing her clit with her middle finger. Every once in a while she'd run her finger down her slit and back up again, moving back to her clit.
'You like what you see?' she asked.
'Umm, of course! Ok, this question might be oversharing, but do you mind if I start rubbing myself too?.
'Of course not, I can't believe you aren't already! I don't really want to see it though.'
'Ok, you won't see it, and you were right, I was already doing it. Oops. Now, one more thing. What I'd really like is to be able to see your face as well as your pussy.'
She moved the computer so that I could see her beautiful eyes again. Her face was really close to the camera, but could also see her hand rubbing her clit. The view of her pussy wasn't as good, but I'm a sucker for eyes.
'So why do you want this?' she asked.
'Well, your eyes are beautiful and I love looking at them. And I love looking at them knowing you are masturbating. That's much hotter than just watching you rub yourself.'
'Good, I like it like this too.'
'So, tell me how it feels?' I asked, wanting to get inside her head while I had this opportunity.
'I don't know, it feels good!'
'What do you like doing when you masturbate.'
'Depends. Sometimes I like just rubbing my clit. sometimes I finger myself, sometimes both, sometimes both at the same time. They're different sensations. Both great.'
'So what do you feel like doing now?'
'Well, seeing as we've spent the last two hours talking about sex, I'm feeling in a 'both at the same time' mood, but there's no hurry.'
'What do you think about when you masturbate?' I asked.
'It varies. Usually my girlfriend if I'm seeing someone. Reminiscing on something hot we had done. Sometimes other women I find hot, athletes or actors.'
'So what athletes and actors have you fantasised about?' I probed
'Haha. I knew you'd ask that. I like athletic women, not the little waifs. There are a few tennis players who are hot. Ruby Rose is really hot.'
'Yes, she is, isn't she. I think she could probably hook up with more human beings than just about anyone else in the world.'
'She could sure hook up with me!' she said. Then asked, 'so why do you always ask so many questions?'
'Good question! I'm just intrigued with the whole thing. Sex fascinates me, what different people like and don't like, what turns them on and what doesn't. Also, I love the intimacy of the conversation. I love the trust it entails and demonstrates. What about you?'
'Probably the same thing. But it doesn't interest me as much. I like the sharing and telling you things, but I'm not usually as interested in what you do. It does turn me on a bit to talk about it.'
'So do you ever use any toys?'
'Haha, nice subject change!'
'Answer the question!'
Sometimes,' and she blushes again.
'I love it when you blush,' I say. 'So what makes you decide to use toys? What sort of toys? And anything else about toys. From the documentaries I've seen, and the research I've done, there are different toys that do different things.'
'Hahaha, "documentaries", I love it when you call porn that. What type of research though?'
'Well, a few years ago I was talking to a single friend of mine and we were talking about masturbation as she was between partners.'
'You do like talking about this stuff, don't you?'
'Actually yes. It was the conversations with her that made me realise that it was pretty normal and nothing to be ashamed of. Anyway, we were talking and she mentioned having a broken down old vibrator. So, I bought her a present. That was the research.'
'So what did you end up getting?'
'I got one of those vibrators with a clit stimulator. It was a smooth pink one. The ones that looked more mechanical seemed a bit weird to me. Not as sensual. And the ones that just stimulate the clit tended to look either cheap and nasty or like a power tool.'
'So did you ever talk her into watching her use it?'
'Nah, that never really came up. And now she's happily married. I wonder if her husband knows that I bought that vibrator for her.'
'Hahahaha, that would be a weird thing to explain!'
'Yup. So back to the question, what makes you decide to use toys or not?'
'Firstly, toy, not toys. Secondly, probably when it's more kinda manufactured. If I have a plan to masturbate then I'll usually get it out. But if I just start to feel a bit horny and start rubbing myself, by the time I get turned on I don't really want to stop and get up and get the vibrator.'
'Makes sense, so, laziness?'
'Ha, no. Just don't want to break the mood.'
'Ok, so what about today then?'
'You asking me if I want to use a vibrator?'
'Of course I am.'
'You like that?' she asked.
'Yes, I think I would. Actually, who am I kidding, it's a fantasy of mine.'
'To use one?'
'No, to watch someone use one and come.'
'Mmmmmmmm.'
'So where is it?'
'Upstairs in my bedroom.'
'You know I'd get it for you if I could,' I offered.
'Ha, yes. I know you would.'
'And I'd help you use it too.'
'Ew, don't go there.'
'I vaguely apologise,' not wanting to offend her, but not pretending either.
So I was paying such attention to the conversation that I hadn't really looked at what her hand was doing, and noticed that rather than just gently rubbing her clit, she now had a finger inside herself and was gently grinding her palm against her clit.
'Well, from the looks of what your finger is doing I think you might enjoy it if you made the effort to get your vibrator.'
'Fingers are different to vibrators.'
'Yes, I realise that! Vibrators are designed to be like dicks. Speaking of which, I thought you didn't like dicks?'
'I don't like dicks, but I do like the feeling of having my pussy filled. That turns me on a lot. The dicks don't, and having a guy panting on me definitely doesn't.'
'Ok, so go get the vibrator.'
She looked at me for a few second. Then she took her finger out of her pussy, rubbed her clit a little and got up.
Usually when we are just Skyping and it is time for a bathroom break, we will move the computer camera so it is just pointed down, or to a wall. This is because we would often be chatting in bed due to the time difference, and if this was the case I'd be nude so I move the camera because I know she isn't interested in seeing me. Other times she'll just be under a blanket on the couch and it's obvious she doesn't have any top on underneath the blanket. Anyway, today, rather than moving the camera to a wall she moved the camera to face the doorway to the stairs. Which meant it was facing right at her naked pussy. I couldn't help myself and blurted out 'rub your pussy'. She stopped messing with the computer. I saw a hand come down and rub her clit, then slide her finger down her slit. Then into it. Then stop. She turned around without saying anything and walked out the door. I could see the bottom of her butt below her shirt as she walked away and up the stairs.
I didn't hear anything for a while, but obviously was watching the screen intently. Eventually, I saw some naked legs coming down the stairs. Lower and lower. Then I realized: she isn't wearing a shirt anymore. And she has fantastic tits. I watch her walk down the stairs, naked now, holding a pink vibrator in her hand. She gets to the bottom, enters the room and walks towards the camera. She stops about fifteen feet away and I can see her whole body and face. She is really beautiful. I'm speechless.
Part 3
'You got nothing to say?' she asked.
'Umm, thanks?'
'Haha, you're welcome.'
'Why though?'
'Well, it was a bit ridiculous. I generally prefer not to be wearing a top and these past couple of hours I've been bottomless but not topless. So I thought, fuck it.'
'Well, thank you again. You are really hot, you know that right?'
'Thanks, it's nice to know that someone thinks so.'
'I do.'
'So what now?'
'Well...' she hesitated.
'You're the one who likes to control things!'
She came over and sat back down on the couch, adjusting the camera to it was showing her from the waist up.
'Well, the first thing is a question. Do you have any sex toys?' she asked.
'What, like a doll? No, that's a bit needy'
'I thought they had other things for guys too.'
'Good point. I think they used to be called 'fleshlights' which is a fake pussy. I think now you can buy them moulded from your favourite porn star's pussy.'
'Ew. Anyway, why don't you have one?'
'I never really thought about it. It seems a bit weird. And I guess just normal old masturbating has always done the trick.'
'So, me having a vibrator isn't weird?'
'Somehow vibrators seem normal. Like, most girls have them, right?'
'Probably, it's kind of a rite of passage at college' she said.
'So you all go to the sex store and buy them?'
'Not all together, but it's like a, well, like I said, a rite of passage. It's something you do.'
'What was your first one like?'
'Very conservative. Just a thin silver one. One speed.'
'So where was the first time you used it?'
'Now that's a much more interesting story.'
'Go on...' I asked.
'Well...the first time was in my dorm room.'
'Ok, so there is clearly a story here, tell me the story.'
'Now you want stories? I thought you wanted to watch me play with myself?'
'Can't I have both? Or what if you played a bit now, then told me the story? Would that be ok?'
'Honestly, yes it would. But I might keep the vibrator for later if that's ok.'
'As long as you promise it will be later today!'
'I promise. Ok then, what do you want?'
'Your call.'
So she smiled and leaned back a bit. I still couldn't see her pussy but I could see her tits and face and this was ok for now.
'So what are you doing?' I asked.
She smiled and reached to her nipple. 'I think that's pretty obvious. I'm playing with myself. What are you doing?'
'Haha, well, snap, so am I. What are you thinking of? What exactly are you doing?'
'At the moment I'm rubbing a finger up and down my slit. At the top, I'm stopping on my clit a bit. At the bottom, I'm putting it in. And before you ask: Yes, I'm wet. As for what I'm thinking, actually I'm thinking about how this is making you feel. Tell me,' she asked.
'Well, hot obviously. Even though I can't see it, it's really hot. I blame my voyeurism. Watching you play with yourself turns me on so much. Physical contact is great, but this is great too. What is it about this that turns you on?'
'That's what I was hoping you'd say. Knowing I'm making you hot is a huge turn on for me. Knowing I am doing that. The exhibitionism is pretty great too. I can't believe I'm doing this, but I trust you so much, so I can get over the embarrassment, or the, I guess, social strangeness? And because I trust you on that, the exhibitionism is a turn on. A as a consequence of that, the control part is the cream on the pie, so to speak.'
'Fuck you are beautiful. Enough talk. I need to see your pussy now.'
She smiled, her eyes sparkled, and she moved the camera back so I could see her from the waist up now. She was sitting on the couch with one leg up, and two fingers in her pussy.
'Put the other leg up as well' I said. So she did, sitting there with legs wide and feet on the couch. This is always my favourite position, the M position. Something about it just makes me crazy.
'This ok?' she asked.
'More than ok. You should come now,' I said.
'Working on it,' she smiled, a little more strained than before.
Her hand moved from her nipple and down to her pussy, underneath her leg. She put two fingers in her pussy and started moving them in and out. Her other hand on her clit, starting to rub hard. Her fingers now staying in her pussy, pushed in as far as they could, clearly wiggling around inside. Her clit being worked harder and harder.
'Fuck this is hot' I said, as I started pounding myself harder, getting close to coming.
'Fuck yes, are you going to come? I'm going to real soon, I want you to hold off so I can watch you'
'Wow, that's a big ask, I'll try'
So I slowed down and she kept going, rubbing harder and harder. Fingers reaching as far into her pussy as they could, and then she slowed, and relaxed. She opened her eyes and smiled, 'come on, you finish now.'
'Keep playing with yourself, just gently is fine, and keep your legs spread,' I said. And started pounding again. Her satisfied look, her beautiful eyes, her tits and hard nipples. Her splayed legs and fingers slowly rubbing her slit and slipping into her pussy. My eyes were desperately trying to stay focused on her but finding it more and more difficult. With all this it didn't take me long, and I stiffened, then came, each spurt spasming my muscles.
'Wow, that's what you coming looks like?'
'Ha, apparently. I've never seen it myself.'
'Never videoed yourself masturbating?' she asked.
'Umm. no. not something I think I'd ever want to see. Pretty sure I wouldn't want anyone else to see it either.'
'What if I wanted to see it?'
'I'm sorry what?'
'Never mind, just clean yourself up, and get ready for the story.'
I looked around and noticed that I'd sprayed a bit, but nothing too bad. I looked around and couldn't see anything to wipe with, so I just grabbed the t-shirt I had long since shed and wiped up with that.
'You're using a t-shirt?'
'It's handy,' I replied.
'So it comes out in the wash?'
'Of course'
'Ok, good, I guess I never thought about it'
So I wiped up and settled down again.
'You want to talk about that'? I asked.
'Not yet. For me that was just the appetiser. Now is the story I wanted to tell you.'
'Ok, sounds good to me. I'll just settle in'. And I set up the computer, sat on the couch and watch my beautiful friend.
She did the same, wiped her pussy with the shorts she'd been wearing previously (I guess the shirt was still upstairs), and rearranged the camera so it was showing her upper body and face.
Part 4
'Ok. So, where to start...' she said.
'Start at the beginning.'
'Ok, so my college roommate as a freshman was my teammate. We got on ok during the season when it was competitive, but in Spring we started to relax and got on well. It was in Spring that it seemed like most freshmen girls were talking about buying a vibrator. It sounds ridiculous, but with the end of winter, it was starting to get sunny. Jackets were coming off and flirting started. Lots of hormones of teenagers away from home. It was fun. My roommate and I decided to join in with the rite of passage and started planning to sneak out to a sex shop and buy vibrators. We didn't really think about the use of them, more the excitement of the purchase. We made a point of going to the city so no one else would see us. We found a store and rustled up the courage to go in.'
'What was it like?' I asked.
'Are you telling me you've never been in a sex shop?'
'Ok, yes, only a couple of times. They are a bit weird, but try to look respectable. Until you look in the storage cabinets.'
'Exactly. So we started off just looking around. Looking at the covers of DVDs and magazines. They were much more graphic than I thought they would be. And kinda gross. I guess I was expecting them to look like the cover of Playboy or Penthouse, which I always liked.'
'Of course you did,' I said.
'Shut up, let me tell the story,' she said, playfully.
'I'll shut up, only if you rub your pussy while telling me the story. But tweak your nipples first,' I responded, joining in the fun.
'Too late about tweaking first, I'm already rubbing. Sorry, I thought you'd be able to see. But I'll happily tweak my nipples. Let me rearrange things.'
She moved the computer so that I could see her whole body again, and lay down on the couch. Her legs spread and her hand immediately went to her pussy
'Better?' she asked.
'Much, thanks.'
'Ok, so where was I?'
'You liked Playboy and Penthouse covers.'
'Ha, yes. So we were in the store and giggling about the covers of the DVDs, but then one attracted me. It was just two girls kissing. Before I knew it I'd picked it up and was showing it to my roommate. I then realised what I was doing and tried to make a joke of it, quickly putting it down. I looked around and found the vibrator section and started moving over there. There were all sorts of vibrators, some of which looked more like weapons than toys. I saw a sign saying 'beginners', and went over there. There were lots of different type of them. Some in slightly weird shapes, but it was clear what they were for. My roommate came over and we were looking at them, not quite sure what to do. A guy came over to serve us, which freaked me out a bit. He was not that old, not that young. Dressed casually. He looked a bit out of place in the store. I guess I was expecting him to be sleazy but he acted just like he was working in any retail store. He asked us if he could help us with anything? We looked at each other, not sure what to say. Then I said, we are looking for vibrators.'
I said, 'Haha, that is so you. I would have been terrified and probably run from the building when I saw someone coming over.'
'Yeah, I was a bit freaked out, but I thought: what the hell. This guy works here every day and has seen it all, I may as well get some help.'
The salesman then asked us if there was anything in particular we are looking for. I replied: 'Well, not really sure. This is our first vibrator purchase. In fact it's our first visit to a store which sells vibrators, so we aren't sure. But probably safe to say, something simple. Nothing with cords. Ok.'
Then he asked me if he could ask a more specific question, and warned me that it might seem personal. I told him that was ok and he asked if, when I masturbate, do I prefer clitoral stimulation, or penetration? Ok, that freaked me out a bit. I don't think I'd ever spoken about masturbation with anyone. But he was behaving if he had just asked my size.
I asked, 'So you are shopping for vibrators with your roommate and you hadn't talked about masturbation?'
'Ha, yes. We clearly hadn't thought it through.'
'So, how did you masturbate at college with a roommate?'
'Quietly. But I didn't really do it. Maybe once or twice all year. Probably in the shower. I was pretty innocent at the time. Anyway, back to the story. I looked at my roommate and we just kinda froze at the question. She looked at me, imploring me to somehow get us out of the situation. Eventually I said, 'a bit of both I suppose', trying to sound confident. So the guy then pointed us towards a range of simple, smooth ones in different colours.
'Ok thanks,' I said. Turning to my roommate, 'so which colour do you want?' She giggled. Eventually, she picked a pink one. I picked a silver one. We paid and left. Excited and impressed with our adult ways.
I said, 'So, now you had vibrators. But you had not yet thought about ever using them?'
'Well, I'd kinda thought about it. But it wasn't that big a deal. I just was excited about the idea of buying one.'
'Ok, so the original question was about the first time you used the vibrator.'
'I'm getting to that, just kinda reminiscing. I promise, you'll like the story.'
'Ok, let me just get comfortable' And I stood up outside the range of the camera and took my shorts off. Then lay back down again. Now I was naked'
'Did you just do what I think you did?' she asked.
'Probably,' I replied.
'You didn't have to move out of camera.'
'I didn't think you'd like it.'
'I'm not a prude. And, also, I'm lying here naked, playing with myself, in full view of you. You don't have to cover/hide things. It's completely up to you, but I wanted you to know that you don't have to hide. I think we are past that.'
'Ok, thanks. But checking, are you saying you want me to change my camera angle?' I asked.
'Haha, yes. That's the point I'm getting at. I want to see if you are turned on or not,' she said. Now this was a big step forward. I moved the computer so the camera was showing my hard on with my hand rubbing it.
'Well, I expect that answers your question. Tougher for me though. Are you turned on?'
'Well, I know what's coming up in the story, so, yup.'
'Well, if I wasn't turned on before I am now. Please continue.'
And I lay down, with the camera showing me gently rubbing my dick, while my friend telling me the story of the first time she used a vibrator, was on camera with me gently rubbing her clit.
'Ok, so we have the vibrators and we head back to the college. In the car, it occurs to me the problem we now have in terms of using them. So I thought I should get to it, and asked my roommate, 'so what now? Are we going to have a schedule when to use them or something?' My friend gave an embarrassed laugh and said, 'yeah, I was kinda thinking of that. What do you think?'
'Well, I don't think it's a big deal. Just, I don't know, be polite. Do we need a sock on the doorknob or something?'
'No way,' she said. 'That's supposed to be for when you have a guy in there. I don't want to be in the room by myself with that, people will know what I'm doing! I'd rather be caught with a guy!'
'Ok, well, let's just agree that we only use them in privacy. Like if one of us is away or something.'
'Ok, sounds good.'
And we didn't really talk anymore. We walked into the dorm room and went immediately to our bedside tables and put them away.
That night my roommate went to have a shower, so I quickly went to the drawer and took out the package. I opened it up and turned it on, happy that it started and didn't need extra batteries. It was a lot more quiet than I was thinking. It vibrated in my hand a little. I tentatively rubbed it down my pussy through my shorts and was really turned on. Then I heard the shower stop, so I quickly put it under my pillow, and threw out the packaging back into the drawer. When she came back into the room it was time for me to shower. I went to the bathroom, still thinking about the feel of the vibrator. It got me hot really quickly. I started tweaking my nipples, just like I am now. Then I started rubbing my clit.
I said, 'Like you are now?'
'Yes, like I am now. I came so quickly I was shocked. So I finished the shower and went back to the room.'
'You ok?' My roommate asked. She was sitting on her bed.
'Sure, why's that?'
'I thought I heard a little scream from the bathroom.'
'Oh, no, I just slipped a little and yelled out. But I'm fine. Sorry for being such a girly.'
And so we just moved on. I was in my robe and she was still in hers, which was pretty normal. I stood up, took off my robe and put on some shorts and a t-shirt and sat down to do some study. After I'd settled into my study she got up and got changed herself.
I was trying to study but I kept thinking of the vibrator in my drawer and trying to come up with scenarios when I could use it. I couldn't really think of anything in the next 3 weeks, which was frustrating me. But then thinking about the vibrator was making me wet and I just couldn't study.
I went back to my bed. It was time for bed now anyway.
'Bed time?'
'Yeah, I think so. Couldn't concentrated on my study, I'll do it tomorrow.'
'Yeah, was thinking much the same as well.' I replied. 'Do you want to turn the fan off, or leave it. I think it's supposed to be a warm night.'
'Just leave it on. Ok, goodnight.'
And I got into bed, turned out my light and lay there. I was thinking about how the vibrator felt on my pussy. I turned over to my side and put my one hand under the pillow, to support my head. And I felt the vibrator that I'd left there earlier. Crap, I thought. How did I forget that? I felt it and remembered it wasn't very loud. Could the sound of the fan drown out the sound of the vibrator? Could I use it in bed with my roommate next to me?
At this point, I noticed on the computer screen that she was fingering herself gently, rather than just rubbing her clit. I had to ask 'so, fingering yourself now? You really are getting turned on.'
'Ha, yes, just wait and stop interrupting.'
'That's fine, I like a slow build.'
'So anyway, I'm in bed, I've got this vibrator under my bed. I'm turned on, but I'm scared to do anything. Then I realise how hot I am. I moved my hand out from under my pillow to my tits. I started pinching the nipple, making it hard. I don't know why, I just couldn't help myself. I did this for a while and it was good but I needed to get to my pussy. I rolled over to my back and in the process put my hand under the band of my shorts and spread my legs a bit.'
I said, 'This has a lot of detail for something that happened 15 years ago!'
'Well, I've thought about it a lot since then. Anyway, so I'm afraid to move for a while, but eventually do, and start rubbing myself. I was so hot. I was thinking about the vibrator, but now I was also thinking about masturbating in the same room as someone else. I was rubbing my clit, and then I moved down and started fingering myself. Then back to my clit. Then I moved my other hand to my nipple and started rubbing that. I was thinking was being quiet, but wasn't in a good position to accurately tell. I was pretty close to not caring.
Then I heard a voice. 'You asleep yet'?
I panicked; didn't move. Tried to compose myself and replied 'No, what 's up?'
'Well, do you think we should talk some more about our purchase today?'
'Sure, what's on your mind?'
'Well, I was thinking about our plan on usage.'
'Ok, what do you mean.'
'Well, I was working out when I'd be alone in the room, and I don't think it's likely for another three weeks at least.'
'Haha, I thought exactly the same thing!' I said.
'And I don't really want to put it off that long.'
'Me neither. Although, full disclosure, when you were having a shower I quickly got it out of the packaging and turned it on.'
'Did you use it?'
'No, I didn't have time for that! If I was going to use it I wouldn't want to be rushing.'
'True, rushing is no fun.'
'Huh?'
'Well, full disclosure, when you were having a shower I quickly got it out of the packaging, and was using it but then you finished your shower so quickly so I didn't finish.'
'Used it?' I asked.
'I mean exactly what you think I mean. In fact, I was using it under my robe when you came in, that's why I didn't stand up for a while.'
'What was it like?'
'Well, it was so good I almost didn't stop when you came in!'
'Hahaha, well that would have been awkward.'
'So, that sound from the bathroom, was that really a slip?'
'Well, I guess if we are talking full disclosure, no it wasn't.' I hesitated because we were quickly getting to an area we had never got to before.
'Ok, I hadn't really thought of this, but seeing as we did buy vibrators together the consequence is that we probably need to talk about this stuff. When I said I didn't use it, that wasn't strictly true. I just rubbed it against me briefly. But that turned me on. Then when I had a shower, I was so hot that I kinda kept going and came really quickly. I didn't realise I'd yelled out, but that was what it was.'
'So where did you rub it?' my roommate asked.
And now I'm a little embarrassed, but we had come this far, 'I rubbed it against my clit, outside my shorts.'
'So how did you come when you were in the shower?'
'What you mean?'
'What did you do?'
'Well, just rubbing my clit,' I answered.
'Ok, thanks for that. I appreciate you sharing.'
'Ok, so what did you mean when you said you were using it?' I asked.
'Well, when I was in the shower I was thinking of it, and I was rubbing myself, but didn't come. Then when I came back into the room and you left immediately, I got out the vibrator and started to use it.'
'Use it how?' By this time I was getting turned on started rubbing myself again.
'Well, I was really wet, so I just turned it on and slipped it into my pussy.'
'What was it like?' I asked, and started to rub my clit again.
'It was awesome, I told you that I almost didn't stop when you came in. So, one other question.'
'Sure.'
'Are you rubbing yourself right now? Because I am.'
I was shocked. And embarrassed, but so hot. And she had owned up to it too. 'Yes, I'm rubbing myself right now.'
'Have you ever done it with me in the room before?'
'Of course not.'
'How does it feel knowing someone is in the room?'
'Honestly; really hot. Like, really hot. It's all I can do to stop myself from reaching under my pillow for the vibrator and start using it.'
'What's stopping you?' asked my roommate.
'I'm not sure if I'm quite ready for it.'
'What do you need to make yourself ready?'
At this point, I hesitated. What was going on here? The day had started with an innocent goof of going and buying a vibrator with my roommate as moral support, but now we had told each other that we were masturbating in the same room, right now, and we were talking about using the vibrators.
'I'm not sure, but I think I'm getting there. What about you. What is stopping you?'
'Awkwardness? Embarrassment? Fear of someone else knowing about it? All the good things.'
'Well, none of those things sound like a huge deal,' I said. Then I started to want to take control of the situation a bit. 'Well, we are both playing with ourselves at the moment, why don't we just keep concentrating on that for a while, and see what happens.'
My roommate hesitated with her reply; so I just pushed off my sheet so that I had a bit more freedom, pulled my knees up so I could get to my pussy more easily, and used my other hand to rub my nipple. Then I turned my head so I was looking at her. She was nervous, almost scared. Even though she had started off this conversation, she didn't seem to know where to go with it. In the silence I noticed her legs spread apart a little more under her sheets. Meanwhile, I was really turned on. I put my other hand down my shorts as well, obviously getting more and more turned on. I was still watching my roommate, who was looking mostly at the ceiling, but occasionally turning to me. Then I made my decision. I reached under my pillow, took my brand new vibrator out, turned it on, immediately rubbing it against my clit.
'What are you doing?' she asked.
'I'm rubbing the vibrator against my clit.'
'Through your shorts?'
'Yes.'
'Ok, can I ask you another question?'
'Sure.'
'Can I watch you?'
'Watch me?'
'Can I watch you use it?'
I was turned on, and not really thinking straight, but the idea of my roommate watching me masturbate instantly attracted me. I had never really thought about her sexually, and I was engaged at the time, but at that moment there was nothing I wanted more than to show off in front of her. So I got out of bed and turned the main light on. 'If I'm going to do it, then you need to be able to see.' I took off my t-shirt and shorts. As you know, I always prefer not to have a top on, so I immediately relaxed at this. Then I got onto my bed.
'Hang on, I've got a better idea,' I said. I got up again and got my study chair. I moved it over to her bed so that I was sitting 10 feet away and she could easily see me just lying where she was.
I sat on the chair, and put one leg over the arm of the chair, to give access and view to my pussy.
'Ok, I need to interject at this point. Can you do that now?' I said.
'You want me to reenact my first exhibitionist experience?'
'Damn right.'
'I thought you'd never ask!' And she rearranged the computer and camera. Sitting on the couch. She put one leg over the leg of the couch and reached out for her vibrator.
I said, 'Hey, I just noticed that vibrator, that's the same one I bought as a gift!'
'I know, I got it as a gift from them! I can't believe you hadn't worked that out!'
'What?'
'Well, when she got married she gave it to me, and told me the story. Said it was easier to buy a new one than to explain the story to her husband. But shut the fuck up, you are spoiling the story.'
'Sorry.'
'Ok,' and she turned on the vibrator, 'so I sat down next to her like this. I was so turned on. I felt so in control of the situation because I was the one doing it.' I started rubbing the vibrator up and down my slit. And asked my roommate, are you getting turned on?'
'Yes.'
'Ok, here is what I need you to do.'
'Ok.'
'Get out of bed, and take off your clothes.'
So she did. And this turned me on even more. She was really athletic. In great shape. Very hot.
'Ok, get out your vibrator. '
I was still sitting there, rubbing my slit with my vibrator, like I am to you right now. She got her vibrator out of her drawer.
'Now come over here with it. I want you to turn it on and put it into me.'
'What?'
'You heard.'
So she came over and reached forward. I moved mine to my clit and she pushed hers all the way into me.
'Move it in and out,' I commanded. So she did a couple of times. Then I told her, 'take it out, now lick it, put it in your mouth.' She looked at me, a bit shocked but obviously turned on.
'Ok, sit back down. You are so gorgeous, you know that right?' This was the first time I'd ever said this to her. She looked at me, 'thanks, you are too.'
'Ok, this is what I want you to do now, are you ok with this?' I asked.
'Yes, scared but ok.'
'I'm scared too, but I'm more turned on. Sit back on your bed but your butt near your pillows. I want you to lean back open your legs and start using the vibrator.'
I was loving the control I had over her and I was loving that I was making her so turned on. She looked awesome. So sexy.
She sat back and leaned back. She opened her legs and started using the vibrator. She didn't hold back. She was pushing it straight inside her pumping it in and out.
'Rub your nipple.'
She started doing that, she was still pumping, and then suddenly she cried out a bit and her legs twitched. She looked over at me.
'Sorry, I wanted to make that last longer but I just couldn't help myself.' She said.
'No problem. It was so hot to see you doing that. Now you can help me out if you like.'
'Yes, I'd really like to do that.'
'Ok.' Then I got off the chair and onto my bed.
I sat in the same situation as she had just been in, against the headboard. I spread my legs, with my feet on the bed. At first, I just sat there.
'Come over and sit in front of me,' I ordered.
'Should I bring my vibrator?'
'You won't need it.'
So she came over. Sat cross legged in front of me.
'I want you to use my vibrator on me.'
'Sure.'
And she took my vibrator, turned it on and started rubbing it up and down my pussy. The stayed on my clit and pushed. Then up and down.
Meanwhile, I was looking at my friend on the computer screen, transfixed. I was waiting for my friend act out the sex from her story in front of me.
I asked her, 'So this was your first time with a vibrator, and also your first time with a girl?'
'Yes, I thought you'd like the story eventually!'
'I liked it all the way through. Like I said, I like a slow burn. And even if it got boring I could just watch you playing with your pussy, not that it got boring at all.'
'How dare you.'
'Just kidding! The story was awesome. So that was your first gay experience?'
'Yes. In hindsight, we had liked each other for a while. The season and the situation made the moment just about perfect.'
'Did you keep having sex?', I asked.
'Yes, of course, she said. 'But she actually transferred the next year so it never really developed into anything, and so I stayed engaged and, well, you know the history there.'
'Ok, go on then.'
'Well, she was about to push the vibrator into me and I said, stop, I like it on my clit, use your fingers for my pussy.'
She looked up, a bit embarrassed and a bit hesitant, but then smiled, 'sure,' she said.
She moved forward. Kept rubbing the vibrator on my clit then put a finger into me. Fuck that turned me on I came right there and then. She was shocked that it was so quick.
She wasn't sure what to do. When I'd recovered I looked at her and she looked a bit lost. She still had a finger in me.
'Sorry about that, it was so hot. I just couldn't stop myself. But I've got one more idea. I want you to replace that finger with your tongue.'
She smiled, 'I was hoping you would say that.'
So here I was about to have a girl going down on me for the first time. It wasn't even something I'd thought of before, but that night it seemed the most obvious and natural thing to do.
She started kissing me around my pussy, then my pussy lips. She licked all up and down my slit. Then she started to kiss up my body. She nibbled on my nipples, first one then the other. She licked all of my breasts. That felt great. Then after all this had happened she got up got my face. I said, 'do you realise you've kissed my pussy before my face?'
'Haha,' she laughed. 'Ok, that's a good call. I can't let that happen to you and not me.'
She stood up on the bed and I felt out of control for the first time. But it was ok. She moved forwards and pushed her pussy towards my face. She was beautiful and smelled so good. I reached up with a hand and put a finger in her, then pulled her forward with that and started licking her clit. I sucked it, then gently bit it. I was so turned on and no one was touching me. This never happened with my fiancé. With him I'd only get turned on if he was doing something to me, but with my roommate I was hot just touching her.
She took my hand out from between her legs and moved down again and leaned forward to kiss me. We kissed and it was so beautiful. It just seemed right. Gently. Tenderly. Then she moved her hand down and started rubbing my clit again.
She kissed her way down my body and started to lick up and down my slit. Then she just covered my pussy with her mouth and used her tongue to push into me, all the while looking at me, which was awesome. I came then with her mouth on my pussy. She crawled back up and kissed me passionately and we shared my juices.
'So that is the story of the first time I used my vibrator.'
'Haha, that was awesome, thanks for sharing. I mean that.' I replied.
'No problem, the look on your face was worthwhile.'
'So I'm kind of surprised, but I still haven't come and I don't think you have either.'
'Well, we should get onto that.'
I sat up and started rubbing my dick a bit harder. She was pushing the vibrator deep into her pussy and the clit stimulator was doing its job. We were looking each other in the eyes.
'You know I love you right?'
'I know, and I love you too.'
The eye contact was great but I looked down again. Her tits are so great. And then at her pussy watching the vibrator going in and out. Then in and just grinding against her. I looked at her face again. She was lost in the moment, coming soon. I started rubbing my knob harder ready to come.
'I'm about to come, are you?'
'Yes.'
'How are you feeling?'
'Fuckin great.'
'Aaaah...'
Wow, and it was over. I twitched all over. Hard. I regained my composure and saw that I had come on the computer screen, amongst other places.
I looked at the screen and saw her. She had taken the vibrator out and had a little wet patch on the couch.
'You came,' I asked.
'I did, didn't you see?'
'No!! I was lost in my own moment. I came on the computer screen.' I was so disappointed missing this, but smiling at the thought that she'd been so turned on by the situation.
'Hahaha, well that'll happen.'
'I wish we could hug right now,' I said.
'I know, I was thinking the same.'
'You know we have a weird relationship, right?'
'I know, but it doesn't worry me.'
'Me neither.'
'Love you.'
'Love you too sweetie.'