"It will be great, Maria, I promise," Tony insisted. "There will be plenty for you to do and we will get to spend time with our son before he leaves for college."
"Our son and his friends, you mean," Maria countered.
"Well, yes, that's true. But he wants to have guys his age on the trip, which will allow you and I to have some couple time during the week," Tony pointed out.
Maria and Tony were both third-generation Cuban American citizens and were the parents of 18-year-old Armando, who had just graduated from high school in June. He was about to leave for California to attend college and the couple wanted to have a fun trip with him before he did. It was Tony's idea to drive from their home in Tampa to Tybee Island in Georgia, for a week of fishing and scuba diving off the coast.
Tony worked for an architectural firm in Tampa and Maria was a Spanish teacher at one of the high schools. Armando attended the same high school, and he and his four best friends had all been through Maria's class at one point during their three years of attendance. Maria was very attractive and many of her students had a crush on her. As such, Armando would roll his eyes when one of his buddies would comment about his "hot mom" or the "hot teacher" or even "the milf."
"You guys are just jealous," he told his friends during one such conversation.
"Damn straight, we are," Sammy told him. "You get to see her every day and maybe even in her underwear sometimes. I wish my mom looked like that."
"Ok, shut up. That's gross. She's my mom, asshole," Armando rebuked his friend with a smack to the back of his head.
Sammy's appreciation of Maria was not misplaced, however. She was indeed hot, sexy, and beautiful. She was only 5'2" tall, but perfectly proportioned. Her Latin heritage contributed to her smooth light brown skin, dark brown eyes and hair, which was thick and fell to her shoulders. She was a workout fiend and her regimen included running, CrossFit, and, interestingly, taekwando. To complete the picture, her 34D breasts looked even larger on her small frame, highlighted by beautifully shaped nipples that grew long and firm whenever she was aroused. Even at 39 years old, she was accustomed to some of her male students flirting with her, however, she could fend off their attentions without difficulty.
Departure day was the August 1, and Tony had decided that he and Maria would travel in their Mercedes convertible, while the five boys would follow in his RAM pickup truck, with all the luggage, fishing gear, and scuba equipment in the covered bed of the truck. Six hours and a couple of stops after departing Tampa, the two vehicles pulled up to the rented beach house. It had been built directly on the waterfront and was mounted on tall pilings to protect it from storm surge and flooding. It had three bedrooms and two baths, plus a main room and kitchen, all on the main floor. Tony and Maria took the larger room facing the Atlantic Ocean, and the boys split up between the other two.
Maria had purposely limited her wardrobe to some of her more conservative clothing, since she would be around her son and her former students all week. Her selections included two one-piece swimsuits and a modest bikini, along with a few pairs of shorts and tops, plus sandals and sneakers. She also brought two skirts, in case they went out to dinner once or twice. When she unpacked, however, she discovered that Tony had added a pair of white short-shorts and a red tank top to the clothes she brought. "Does he really think I will wear these around the boys?" She thought with a wry grin.
Everyone settled in and had an early dinner, which Maria prepared from some of the supplies they had brought with them from home. Afterward, the boys explored their surroundings for a bit, while the couple finished settling into the house. Later that evening, all seven of them gathered in the main room to watch television. Tony let the boys decide what they watched, much to Maria's chagrin, because they selected a pay-per-view movie that included several sex scenes and a lot of female nudity.
"Should we really be letting them watch this?" Maria asked Tony.
"They are all eighteen or older and therefore old enough to watch this," Tony answered.
"Well, it makes me uncomfortable sitting here with our son and his friends watching people having sex in a movie," she countered.
"It's just 'R' rated, honey," Tony noted. "I guarantee you all of them have seen much more graphic stuff than this online."
"Maybe so, but have you noticed how often Armando's friends keep looking over at me, particularly during the sex scenes?"
"No, I haven't. Maybe they are waiting to see if you are going to bail out of watching this because you can't handle the nudity and sex. Or maybe they are enjoying looking at you in your sexy little pajamas, like I am."
Maria looked down at what she was wearing. She purposely selected her pajamas with body coverage in mind. The top was a camisole with lace trim along its upper edge and straps. The loose fitting shorts, with lace trim along the bottom of the legs, left a lot of leg exposed, but much less than a bathing suit would show.
As she checked herself out however, she noticed that her erect nipples were clearly visible through the thin material and that, unless she was vigilant about her posture, she might be providing unintended views up the legs of her shorts. She immediately adjusted her sitting position with caution in mind and tried to will her nipples to calm down, despite the stimulus she was receiving from the action in the movie.
The modifications she made had their intended affect on her admirers, who had returned their focus to the movie. Meanwhile, Maria was coming to the surprising realization that she missed the attention the boys had been giving her and she was, in fact, a little jealous that the movie was now the focus of their scrutiny instead of her.
Surprising herself by her own behavior, she shifted her position on the couch again. This time pulling her legs up next to her with one of them stretched out lower than the other. She then tugged at the lace at the bottom of her shorts, but instead of pulling down on the material, she moved it sideways and slightly upward. This provided what she assumed would be a clear view all the way up her leg.
Tony noticed what his wife was doing, but said nothing. Instead, he retrieved her gin and tonic from the end table next to the couch and handed it to her — "accidentally" brushing her nipple with the cold glass as he did. The effect on Maria's nipples was immediate. Both became rock hard and very visible again.
Pretending not to notice, Maria saw that her actions, and Tony's, were having the desired effect on the four boys. They were now spending more time looking at their school teacher than they were at the naked actresses having simulated sex on the television screen.
Tony excused himself to visit the toilet and to encourage, through his absence, what was taking place in the front room. To his delight, he found that by slightly opening the door to the bathroom he could see what was taking place — this time from the boys' vantage point. Even from several feet away, he could make out Maria's stiff nipples and the view up her pajama shorts that went all the way to her panty-covered crotch.
He could see a slight mischievous smile on her face as she pretended to focus on the movie while, seemingly absent-minded, occasionally shifted and turned to improve the view up her shorts. Later, when the movie had ended and everyone had retired to their respective rooms, Tony did not mention the show Maria had put on for the boys. He did not want to embarrass her or discourage the initiative she had demonstrated. He pretended to fall asleep shortly after they settled into bed. A few minutes later, he listened with delight as his wife quietly masturbated to an orgasm, knowing that the evening's peep show was the stimulus for her actions.
The next day, while Tony and the boys were off in the rental boat he had arranged, Maria went into town and shopped for the rest of the food they would need for the balance of their trip. She discovered that there was very little to do in the resort town at night, so she also picked up several paperback books to occupy her time. In contrast to her conservative persona and demeanor, her tastes in entertainment reading ran to the trashy side, so some of the books were admittedly slutty. The Unfaithful Wife, Seven Nights of Passion, and A Wife Surrenders to Temptation were among the titles.
Several hours later, Maria was lying on the beach in her red one-piece bathing suit when the guys returned to the beach house. They invaded the house looking for Maria and a late lunch. However, they saw that she was instead down on the beach. The boys all ran down the stairs to where Maria had stretched out to read one of her books.
"Hi, Mrs. Vasquez. We are back," Leo announced.
"I can see that," Maria said as she greeted them.
"We're famished. What's for lunch?" Martin asked.
"Whatever you make for yourselves, boys. I'm not here to be your cook or your maid. This is my vacation too, you know," Maria stated. "I went into town while you were all out enjoying yourselves and the shelves are well-stocked with all sorts of options for you to eat. So, leave the items in the freezer alone, but have at the rest."
"Yes ma'm," Hector acknowledged.
The boys departed without further and Maria chuckled to herself as she thought, "I'm wearing my most conservative bathing suit and those boys were still devouring me with their eyes." Looking down, she saw that her nipples had stiffened at some point and were visible through the top of the suit. "Well, that probably didn't help discourage them and I should know better. At their age, a strong breeze will give them an erection."
The next day was almost the same as the previous one, with the exception that Maria stayed at the beach and wore her other one-piece bathing suit, which was cut lower between her breasts and higher on her hips, as she sunned herself. The fishing excursion ended later that day and she could tell they had learned their lesson well the day before, because they headed straight for the kitchen to prepare their own late lunches. A short while later, however, everyone was down at the beach next to her.
"It was an excellent day," Tony reported. "We caught and released several, but we kept the twenty-five pound red drum fish that your son caught and I will cook it for dinner tonight."
"Really? That's great, honey. I am looking forward to it," Maria said as she noticed her nipples had, once again, stiffened when the guys showed up. It was involuntary, but she couldn't help but wonder why she was reacting the way she was. Maybe being surrounded by all of that unbridled testosterone surging through four teenagers, whom I know are attracted to me, is affecting me.
Putting those thoughts out of her mind, Maria returned to her reading while the others headed back to the house to clean up and prepare the fish.
Day four proceeded exactly as the preceding day, with the exception that Maria donned her bikini to complete her beach clothing rotation. It was fairly conservative, but the white, thinly lined two-piece still showed a lot of her breasts and dipped fairly low on her abdomen — two inches below her belly button. The guys returned earlier than the day before and reported that they had caught nothing worth keeping.
"That's OK, I'll take care of dinner tonight," Maria told them.
Later that day, she returned to the house and went directly to the kitchen to take some ground beef out of the refrigerator to let it warm to room temperature before she cooked hamburgers. Deciding she would shower and change after she did this quick task, she was still in her bikini as she bent over to retrieve the meat.
As she straightened up, she felt a hand on her stomach that quickly slid down her abdomen and inside her bikini bottoms. Shocked and unsure of whose hand it was, she neither said nor did anything for a moment even when fingers slid between the lips of her vagina and began to rub her clitoris.
"You should dress like this in the kitchen more often, Mrs. Vasquez," she heard her husband whisper in her ear. "I like it a lot."
"You scared the hell out of me, Tony!" she scolded. "Now, move your hand."
Doing as she said, Tony asked, "You knew it was me, right?"
"How would I have known that, you idiot? I don't have eyes in the back of my head," she scolded.
Then why did you not say something right away? Tony thought.
After setting the meat on the counter, Maria left for their bedroom to clean up and put on her clothes. Still annoyed with her husband, she was unusually quiet at dinner and retired to the bedroom just after — leaving the cleanup for the men. Tony decided to let his wife cool down for a while, so he left her to herself for three hours.
Maria took advantage of the time to herself and read one of her books, The Unfaithful Wife. It was a quick but hot read and she was getting very turned on by parts of it. When the author described the "unfaithful wife" having sex with two of her husband's male employees, Maria slid a hand inside her panties and began to massage her clitoris, which was still sensitive, even hours after Tony's brief touching. As she moved through the book and the main character's various sexual encounters, Maria managed to orgasm twice, which improved her mood.
She heard some of the boys going into the room next to theirs through the thin wall that separated them. That room had two bunk beds and a single twin bed, so three of Armando's friends had settled in there. Tony came to bed twenty minutes later and found his wife in just her panties with a sultry smile on her face.
"Is somebody over her bad mood?" He asked with a grin.
"Definitely," she answered quietly as she motioned for him to keep his voice down and pointed to the wall adjoining the next room. "I need someone to make love to me. Do you know anyone that might want to do that?"
"Yes, I do. I definitely do," he said as he slipped off his shorts and pulled her panties off of her hips. He could see that her carefully trimmed bush was wet, as were the lips of her vagina.
"And has that somebody been playing with herself in here as well?" He teased.
"Oh, yes, a lot. And I need you inside of me now," she demanded and Tony responded immediately by sliding his quickly stiffening penis into her.
"Yess...," she hissed as she felt her husband enter her. "That's so good. Please, Tony. Faster, harder."
Knowing how sensitive his wife's nipples were, Tony propped himself up on one elbow and used his free hand to tweak and stroke one of the long, stiff buds. The effect was immediate and Maria increased the speed of her hips as she pumped herself up against his manhood.
"Oh god. Oh, fuck. Do me, fuck me," she said as her orgasm built.
Tony pumped into his wife with everything he had and, moments later, he felt her vagina squeezing his penis as she began her release. She thrashed her head back and forth as the orgasm rolled through her, while trying to stifle her moans as best she could.
It was Tony's turn now, and he issued a deep growl as he began to ejaculate into his wife. "Cum in me, baby. Fill me up. Cum in my pussy," Maria urged, just a little too loudly.
Afterwards, as they lay next to each other, Tony said, "Well, that was fun. You were really into the dirty talk, weren't you?"
"Yes, I think I am being influenced by that movie and some of the books I've read recently. I liked it though. Were you OK with my potty mouth?" She asked.
"Absolutely! I think we both need to be more adventurous and step out of our old comfort zones. One thing, though, it is possible that the guys next door may have heard you," he said.
"Oh, hell, I guess I should have controlled myself a bit, but I just didn't want to. If they heard, so be it. Maybe it will give them something to masturbate to tonight," she chuckled.
Usually, Maria slept in pajamas, but tonight she merely pulled her panties back on and slipped on a short tank-top coverup. Then she turned in for the night, with her nerve endings still tingling. Sometime during the night, she woke up thirsty and made a quick dash to the kitchen refrigerator for a bottle of cold water. When she turned to return to her room, she saw Leo standing quietly by the kitchen table.
"Leo, you startled me!"
"Sorry, Mrs. Vasquez. Please forgive me."
"No forgiveness necessary, Leo. You did nothing wrong. I'm the one standing here half naked, so I should be the one begging your pardon."
"Not a problem, Mrs. V. It's been a little midnight treat for me, actually."
"Oh, holy hell. You boys are all impossible," she said with feigned indignation. "Glad you enjoyed the show. I'm going to bed now... goodnight."
"Sweet dreams, Mrs. V," Leo said as he watched her all the way to her door.
I guess something like that had to happen with all of us living in such close quarters, she thought as she crawled back into bed. The tingling had returned, more strongly this time, and she could feel her pussy growing moist. You little slut, she thought. You're turned on because that boy saw you in your underwear and you wanted to stay out there longer, didn't you, slut? As she thought this, she began to rub her clit and eventually worked herself all the way to an orgasm — a quiet one this time.
The next day, Maria slept in until 10:00AM and awoke to find that Tony had already left the room. She slipped on her robe and stepped into the main room, expecting to be alone in the house. To her surprise, Tony was sitting at the kitchen counter drinking a cup of coffee while looking at his iPad.
"Good morning, sleepyhead. Looks like someone slept well last night," he greeted his wife.
"Good morning. I thought you would be out with the boys on the boat already. What's up?"
"I decided to spend the day with you instead. The boys have taken the boat out and should be gone most of the day. I hope I didn't ruin any plans you had or mess up any rendezvous with some local guy," he teased.
"Yep. You caught me. I had big plans with the bag boy at the grocery store today. I must call him and let him know it's off now." Maria smiled.
"Not necessary, at all. Let him come and we will both do you," Tony said, escalating the running joke between them.
"Sounds like that could be fun, babe. But I'm a little sore from the pounding I took last night, so I think I'll pass this time," Maria said, shutting the down joke. "So, who does a girl have to fuck to get a cup of coffee?"
"I already owe you a cup for last night, love. Coming right up. Would you like a bagel as well?"
Later, as Maria was finishing her second cup of coffee, she asked Tony what he wanted to do with the day. He told her he would like to take her shopping for a couple of outfits at a shop he had seen online and then just relax on the beach with her for the rest of the afternoon. She agreed that it sounded like a good plan and they were off in the Mercedes less than an hour later.
Tony drove them to the little shop located just outside of Savannah which was named, Knotty Girls Boutique. Once inside, Maria quickly discovered that most of the merchandise ranged from sexy to slutty, and was intended for girls half her age. "Honey, this is sweet of you, but I am too old for these kinds of outfits," she protested after a few minutes of looking around.
"Indulge me, please. Let me pick out a few things and you try them on. If you really don't like what I pick, we can leave, OK?" He pleaded.
Not wanting to ruin the moment, she agreed and her modeling show began. Some outfits were so risqué that she didn't even want to come out of the dressing room to show Tony, but she did anyway, and he seemed very pleased with what she was wearing. However, she remained unconvinced. One of the micro short skirts was so short that it covered only half of her ass, "You would seriously want me to go out in public like this?" she asked incredulously.
"No... maybe... I don't know... sure," he said.
"Well, my answer is no, but I want to make you happy. Find me something like this that is at least a little longer and maybe I will agree," she compromised.
Tony was a man on a mission as he scoured the racks and asked the sales girls for help. Maria wore a size 2, so they had plenty of items that would fit her and he soon returned with three he had chosen.
The first was a tight straight skirt that had a slit right up the front that came to her crotch. The second was similar, but had slits up both sides that came almost to her waist. The third was white and pleated like the micro skirt she had tried before, but it at least covered her ass, albeit barely and she thought it looked cute on her.
"OK, I like this one," she told Tony as she modeled it for him.
"Great, now try these tops with it," he said.
She tried several for him and settled for a thin red button up blouse that fit her body snuggly and accentuated her breasts as they stretched the material on the front. This seemed to thrill him. Next, they selected a pair of block heeled sandals with open toes and ankle straps in a white and gray python leather print, and a pair of red lace thong panties to complete the outfit.
"Ok, well this has been fun, honey. I really enjoyed myself, thank you. I have no idea where I can ever wear this stuff, but I do feel sexy in it," she told her husband.
"I have that figured out already. There is a club here in Savannah that sounds like fun. I found it on the Internet this morning and the girls here recommended it as well. It has two floors with pool tables and video games on the ground and a dance floor upstairs. We can go there Friday night, since it will be our last night on the island and party our little hearts out," Tony offered excitedly.
"OK, I like where this is going," Maria agreed.
"It is a wild and fun place," their sales girl interjected into their conversation. "Great music and good drinks, but be aware, they will try to get you to dance on the bar with some other girls and female bartenders. I've done it a few times before and it is a real ego boost if you are all right with giving guys upskirt panty shots. You can be sure you, and your new outfit, will have a lot of admirers."
Maria looked at her husband as if to ask, "Are you OK with that?" He merely shrugged in response.
"One more thing before we go, honey. I want to buy you a new bathing suit while we are here," he told Maria.
"I don't need a new suit, honey. The three I have are perfectly fine and they fit me nicely," she protested.
"Yes, but I want to get you something that says a little less 'I'm a teacher' and more 'I'm a little slutty', please."
Maria started to protest further, but then decided against it when she saw how much her husband was enjoying the experience.
He had her try on several bikinis, some of which were downright nasty. They were constructed from very thin translucent material and the tops barely covered her nipples, while the bottoms did not quite cover her neatly trimmed small pubic area. However, she came out of the dressing room in each one so that her husband would be entertained. She realized only after she had modeled a few of the nastiest bikinis, that she was also entertaining two young guys who were there with their girlfriends. The boys had positioned themselves two racks over, where they had a clear view of her floor show. It concerned Maria somewhat that she, once again, felt the excitement of knowing that they had seen her in the revealing bikinis, but that did not stop her from modeling the nastiest one again, while the boys were still watching.
Maria settled for a neon watermelon colored bikini with a triangle top that featured thin ties behind the neck and back, with adjustable cups along a thin string that allowed for more or less coverage by sliding the material along it. The bottoms tied on the sides and were tiny, but provided moderate rear coverage while still baring as much leg as possible.
"OK, let's go back to the house now, Tony. I want to spend some time on the beach with you," she urged.
On their way back, they picked up a light lunch, a styrofoam cooler filled with ice and three chilled bottles of Sauvignon Blanc, which they placed in the cooler. Tony wasn't a big fan of white wine, but Maria was and he was enjoying her more free spirit, so he wanted to encourage that behavior.
Once back at the house, Tony quickly changed into his swim trunks and took the cooler, lunch, and towels down to the beach. Maria followed him about ten minutes later and, to his delight, she was wearing her new bikini sans coverup. Baby steps, he thought. Just yesterday, she would not have been comfortable walking down here without something over her suit. This is progress.
She stretched out on the towel Tony had prepared for her and took the glass of wine that he offered. They ate the lunch they had bought, and each had a second glass of wine. By the third, their conversation had turned to recent events.
"I am really enjoying you loosening up a bit and not trying to control everything so much, babe. It is a huge turn on for me, thank you," Tony told Maria.
"Well, truth be told, I am enjoying it as well, my love. I have felt the responsibility of being a mom and a teacher for so long, I forgot how to be a sensual woman, I think. I am enjoying being a little looser and I am truly enjoying your attitude. You are like a little puppy dog at times."
"I understand completely, but I hope you will continue to relax and let your inner hot-wife emerge. You have the face and the body of a beautiful twenty-five-year-old and you should enjoy it to its fullest. Now that Armando is leaving for college, you and I will have a lot more time for adult activities."
"I agree, Tony, and I am looking forward to showing you that I can and will be a hot-wife for you in every way. Full disclosure though, sweetheart, last night I may have been a bit of a hot-wife without intending to be. I got up in the middle of the night for a bottle of water and I ran into Leo in the kitchen."
"Yes...so?"
"So, I was wearing only a short tank top and panties at the time and I didn't exactly rush back to our room. I stood there and talked to him for a couple of minutes."
"Well, I'm sure you made that young man's night. How did you feel about it, honey?"
"I masturbated as soon as I got back into bed. That's how I felt about it. Letting him see me, however innocent it may have been, turned me on. It made me feel wicked. Do you hate me now?"
"To the contrary, my hot-wife, I've gotten a hard on just listening to your story. I just wish there was more to it — a lot more."
"I've always thought you enjoyed showing me off to other people, but I always thought it was an ego thing for you — me as a trophy wife and all. But I realize now that it is a sexual turn on for you to show me off to others."
"Guilty as charged. Sometimes, in the past when you have shown more skin than you intended, it has left me breathless."
"Yeah, well I sort of 'accidentally on purpose' showed a lot of skin on movie night this week as well. I surprised myself when I did it, but it really turned me on, babe," Maria admitted.
"I know. I knew it when you were doing it and it thrilled me. I only wish you could have taken it further, sweetheart."
"Wow! How have you been able to deal with my cluelessness for the past twenty-two years? You must have been so sexually frustrated," Maria asked with a worried look in her eyes.
"Patience, my love, patience. Plus, it doesn't hurt that I am married to the most beautiful, smartest, most talented, and most loving woman in the world."
"Well, I thank you for your patience, husband, and I will do what I can to make it up to you."
"You can start now, if you like. There are two linemen up on the utility pole next to our house and I have seen them checking you out for the last half an hour."
"Ok, so what should I do, as your newly hot-wife?"
"Take off your top and lie back on the towel."
Maria looked at Tony and took a big gulp of wine, then handed him the glass. Still looking at him, she untied the string at her neck and the one at her back and pulled the bikini top off her chest. She then laid back on her towel and said, "Can I have my drink back now?"
After a few minutes, Maria asked, "What's happening? Are they checking me out or not?"
"Oh, yeah," Tony said. "They haven't stopped looking over here. I think one of them took pictures with his mobile phone."
Maria's nipples visibly stiffened when she heard his report. She remained in the same position for a while until Tony told her the men had departed.
"Well, that was thrilling. Did it do anything for you, Tony?"
"Let's go inside before the boys get home and I will show you."
The next day Maria woke up at 9:00AM and found the house empty. While she would miss Tony's company, she was looking forward to reading another book and enjoying herself on the beach. She wore her new bikini again, even though Tony would not be there to appreciate it.
She brought A Wife Surrenders to Temptation to read this time. In addition, she had a thermos with enough premixed Bloody Mary in it for at least two or three drinks. A couple of hours later, she heard the sounds of people approaching. Looking in the direction from which the sounds were coming, she saw that it was two men, and they were walking toward her.
"Hello there!" One of them said as they reached her.
"Hi. How can I help you?" She replied.
"Sorry. It must seem odd that two strange guys are walking up to you out of nowhere," he said. "To be frank, we work for the cable company and we were working up on that pole over there yesterday when you were out here sunning yourself."
"Okay. That is a little embarrassing," Maria said cautiously.
"Oh, please. Not at all. You made our day. We should be embarrassed for coming up to you unannounced," he said. "My name is Mark, and he is Phillip."
"I'm Maria."
"Nice to meet you, Maria," Mark said. "May we join you for a few minutes?"
"I guess so. What is this about?"
Mark explained that Phillip and he couldn't stop talking about how sexy she looked the day before. "You seemed so comfortable exposing your breasts out here where anyone could see," Mark said. "We both thought that was very hot and figured you must be a model or something."
Maria did a mental eye-roll. Comfortable? Not at all, she thought. Model? I'm 5'2" tall. There aren't too many models with that stature.
"Well, thank you for the compliment. Removing my top was my husband's idea, and I did it to indulge him. He thinks I should be more daring and come out of my shell."
"We definitely agree with his thinking. You have a great body," Phillip chimed in to say.
"Which brings us to the reason for our visit," Mark stepped back in to say. "I hope it is OK that we took a few pictures of you with our mobile phones while we were up on the pole yesterday..."
"I guess that if I'm willing to expose my boobs in public, I should understand people might take pictures of them. Just please keep me off the Internet, guys."
"Oh, we would never," Mark lied. He had posted nude pictures of his own wife on websites previously. "We hoped that you would do a little modeling for us, but with our cameras closer this time."
"Guys, I told you. I'm not a model. It would be a waste of your time," Maria protested.
"Oh, no. Far from it. I'm an amateur photographer during my off time and I prefer candid shots of regular people. Let me show you."
Mark flipped through a few digital pictures that he said he had taken previously. They revealed a handful of women in bikinis, and some totally naked, posing for the camera — none of which looked professional. All of which he had actually downloaded from the Internet. Turning the camera lens toward her, he quickly snapped two pictures of Maria, who instinctively smiled at the camera and pushed her chest out.
Phillip smoothly stepped behind Maria and pulled at the bow at the back of her neck, releasing the top which quickly dropped and uncovered her breasts. When Maria did not immediately react to cover herself, Phillip pulled on the second bow at her back to completely release the top and pulled the garment away from her body.
Mark continued to snap pictures of her for a few seconds until Maria felt Phillip move his hand to the tie on the side of her bikini bottoms. "Not here," she objected. "Let's go inside."
The three of them made their way back to the house and, once inside the kitchen, Mark and Phillip wasted no time getting back to business.
Looking down, as Mark continued to take picture after picture of her fully exposed breasts, Maria felt Phillip moving her arms upward into position with her hands pushing her hair upward and her arms at shoulder height. Next, she saw Phillip's hands moving from behind her to cup her tits and tweak her nipples. Moving her eyes from the manipulation that was taking place at her chest, she looked straight at the camera lens as Mark steadily snapped picture after picture of her. The reality that she was allowing men - total strangers to her up until a few minutes ago - to touch her sexually was rapidly elevating her level of excitement.
Phillip could hear her breathing becoming more rapid and ragged as he shifted one of his hands from her breast and slid it down her torso to the edge of her bikini bottoms. Maria remained motionless and did not speak as he gently twisted and pulled on her nipple while his other hand began working its way inside her bikini.
When his fingertips reached her clit, she involuntarily jerked her hips forward in response to his touch and a faint, "Oh" came from her lips.
Phillip began to massage her clitoris in a soft circular motion, and Maria responded by gently pumping her pelvis back and forth. Mark was taking in all the action with his camera moving in close to get tight shots of her face, breasts, nipples, and crotch. Using his free hand, Mark pulled on the bow on her hip and helped his friend move the bikini off of her and down to her ankles.
Maria's brain was on fire. She was more excited than she had ever been by what these men were doing to her, but she was tormented by what the logical part of her mind was telling her and that was to stop this right now. She watched as Mark kneeled down in front of her to get ultra close-ups of her exposed vagina. Next, she felt the two men working as a team using their fingers to spread her labia open for the camera. Instinctively, she moved her legs apart to provide easier to access her wet pussy. In response, she felt Mark use his free had to slip a finger inside of her as he continued to snap pictures of the action.
Adding a second digit and then a third to his penetration of the willing woman, Mark pumped them in and out of Maria's overheated pussy. Her juices were flowing freely, which aided his efforts to finger fuck her and showed her excitement in the pictures he captured. "That's nice, baby. You like me fingering you, don't you, sexy?" He said.
"Yes," she admitted while pumping her hips in response. She felt herself moving close to orgasm as the two cable guys penetrated her and rubbed her clit. "Faster, harder," she begged as her orgasm began to kick in. Wave after wave of pleasure flowed through her as her knees weakened and buckled.
The two men never missed a beat with their digital manipulations as they lowered her to the floor while she continued to cum. Phillip stepped away from Maria's still twitching body and quickly removed his clothing. He looked down at the sexy slut on the floor and saw that she was slowly rotating her hips and pushing her cunt upward on Mark's fingers which were still invading her hot hole. Her breathing was rapid and her eyes were tightly shut as she basked in the afterglow of her orgasm.
He motioned to Mark to remove his hand from Maria's crotch and then quickly crawled between her legs and slid his rigid cock into her wet, overheated pussy. It took Maria a second to register what had just happened and she experienced a moment of panic when she realized that a stranger was fucking her.
"I shouldn't. We can't," she stammered, all the while pumping her hips up to meet Phillip's thrusts.
Ignoring her weak protests, Phillip continued to pound away with his cock. "You don't really want me to stop, do you, sweetie?"
Lifting her head to look down her torso at his cock sliding in and out of her, Maria moved her hands to his buttocks and pulled on them to aid in his penetration of her hungry pussy. "No, I don't want you to stop. I really should insist that you do, but I like this. I like what you two are doing to me, so keep going baby. Keep on fucking me."
Maria continued to watch while Phillip fucked her for all he was worth. Her overheated pussy grew tighter the more he fucked her, increasing the pleasure for both of them. "I'm going to cum inside you," Phillip announced matter-of-factly.
"OK," Maria replied quietly as she felt the first hot ejaculations splashing inside of her. "Give it all to me. All of it. Every last drop."
As quickly as Phillip withdrew his cock from her, Mark had taken his place and was jackhammering his cock in and out of the hot little milf's tight pussy. Maria was loving the feelings that were taking place inside of her. She turned her head to the side and saw that Phillip had taken over photography duties and was digitally capturing what was being done to her. She caught a glimpse of her reflection in the glass of the kitchen door. It turned her on to seed herself lying prone on the floor with a man on top of her forcefully stabbing his cock into her.
A few minutes later, Maria felt her new partner's cock begin to swell inside of her and she was delighted to feel a fresh load of cum being deposited deep in her vaginal canal. Noticing the time, Maria said, "I think I have been enough of a slut for you guys today. My husband and the boys will be back soon. Oh, and I want copies of the pictures you took, please."
"No problem," Mark said as he ejected the SD card out of his camera. "Where is your computer?"
Maria retrieved her laptop from the bedroom and placed it on the kitchen table where Mark inserted the memory card and the device quickly downloaded all 100+ pictures that they had taken of her. On their way out the door, Mark and Phillip took one last opportunity to grope her tits and ass, which she allowed them, and said they would like to do this again sometime.
An hour later, Tony and the boys returned to the house. Maria had changed out of her bikini and was wearing the white short shorts and a thin red tank top that Tony had brought for her. "Really. You going to wear that in front of the boys?" He asked with a big grin on his face.
"Hope you like it, husband." Her white lace thong was clearly visible through the thin material of the skintight shorts and the low-cut tank top left very few of the details of her breasts to the imagination. She hoped it did not embarrass Armando, but did not think it would as he paid little heed to how his mom dressed. "I have something to show you later."
The boys, except Armando, reacted instantly to what she was wearing when she left the bedroom and walked into the main room. They hung around her for the rest of the afternoon watching her every move as she prepared dinner. Maria was aware of her admiring audience and it was having a very pleasant effect on her libido. Her nipples stayed erect most of the time and she could feel her internal lubrication plus the cum from her afternoon partners leaking out from between her labia lips as she moved about.
At dinner, Tony informed her that there was a change of plans for their return trip. Armando and he had been invited to take an all-day off-shore fishing trip on Sunday with a few guys he had met earlier in the week.
"But, I have to be back by Sunday night to finish prepping for the new school year," Maria objected.
"I know, honey. I have that figured out. Sammy, Leo, Martin, and Greg all have to leave Sunday as well. So, the five of you can take the truck Sunday with most of our stuff and Armando and I will take the Mercedes the day after," Tony explained. "You and I will still go out Saturday night while the boys pack the truck and then you guys can leave in the next morning, which will get you back in plenty of time, OK?"
"OK, that works," Maria said. "Are you guys OK with that?"
The four boys all nodded in agreement. Perfectly happy with the prospect of spending several hours in a vehicle with their hot teacher.
Later, as Maria and Tony were getting ready for bed, she turned to him and said, "I need to tell you about something that happened today and I hope you will be OK with it."
Tony listened as she related the events of the earlier afternoon and ended her story by telling him she had pictures for him to view as she brought them up on her laptop.
"Fuck, these are so damn hot, babe. I can't believe you actually let them fuck you. I would have loved to have seen that in person," he told her as he viewed the pictures.
Unknown to them, Armando's four friends had gathered in the adjacent room and were listening to their conversation through the thin adjoining wall.
"Well, I must admit, I surprised myself," Maria noted. "But I thoroughly enjoyed what they did to me. It was so sensual. Now, I'd like for someone else to fuck me, sweetheart."
Pulling his wife to the bed, Tony forcefully entered her welcoming pussy — fucking Maria harder than she could remember. I think someone really appreciates his newly naughty wife, she thought as Tony drove his cock in and out of her pussy.
Later that night, Tony was sleeping and seemed to have a smile on his face as he did. Maria got up to go to the kitchen for a bottle of water — wearing just the white lace thong she had on earlier and the cropped tank-top she wore the last time she did this. As she exited the room, Maria immediately saw Leo sitting at the kitchen table in the dimly lit room, illuminated by only a night light over the stove.
"It's you again," Maria stated the obvious. "Is this what you do every night?"
"No, but I would if I knew I would get to see you dressed like this every night," Leo replied honestly as he unabashedly looked her up and down. "I guess you know all of us have had crushes on you for years and getting to see you in your underwear is a dream come true for me."
Maria walked to the refrigerator and retrieved a cold bottle of water before returning to the table and standing next to Leo with her panty clad pussy just a few inches from his face. "Leo, I am flattered that you feel that way about me, but in the past, you all must have understood that I was your teacher, so I could not acknowledge your attentions. Plus, you are all still my son's friends; I'm old enough to be your mother, and I'm a married woman."
Leo understood the points Mrs. V was making and, although he was young, he was also smart enough to understand that she did not say she was unhappy with the attention they gave her. "You are just so pretty and sexy. I have imagined having sex with you many times before and now seeing you in those tiny panties really has me worked up."
"Just seeing me in panties has that affect? Again, I'm old enough to be your mother," she argued.
"That's true, but you are not my mother and you are bitchin' hot," Leo countered and then quickly extended his arm and touched the crotch of her panties with the back of his hand.
Leo's sudden move momentarily stunned Maria, so she did not react right away. This afforded the boy an opportunity to run the back of his fingers up and down on the fabric a few times stimulating her clit which caused her to hesitate for another moment. Seizing the opportunity, Leo slid a finger between her legs and ran it between her labia lips pressing with his fingertip to push the crotch of her panties inside her hole.
This snapped Maria out of her inaction and she quickly bent forward, which moved her torso away from the invading digit and allowed her to step back to an unreachable distance. Straightening up, she glared at Leo and said, "That was not OK, young man. You don't get to touch a woman without her permission and you definitely did not have mine."
"I'm sorry Mrs. V. It's just that seeing you walk around in your underwear in front of me made me think you might be OK with it," Leo responded.
Oh, shit! Maria thought. He is not all wrong in his assumption. I did lead him on somewhat.
"Let's just chalk this up to a misunderstanding between us and move on." She reasoned. "More importantly, let's keep this just between the two of us, OK?"
"Will you let me see you dressed like this again sometime?" Leo asked.
This little shit is negotiating with me, Maria thought.
"Maybe, but not if you can't keep your mouth shut," Maria said.
"I will, I promise. But, may I touch it one more time, please?" Leo negotiated.
Maria considered Leo's request and her husband's wishes for her to be more adventurous. More slutty, truth be told, She smirked to herself. "All right, Leo. One more time won't hurt, I suppose," she agreed and moved next to him again.
Leo stared at her panties and pressed with the backs of his hands on the insides of her thighs indicating his desire for Maria to spread her legs. She complied and could feel her own breathing increasing exponentially as she did. Looking up at her and gazing directly into her eyes, Leo used his left hand to move her panties aside and his right to insert two fingers into her pussy where he began to slide them in and out of her hot canal. "I can feel the cum inside of you from the men you fucked today," he said matter of factly.
"Wa...what?" Maria stammered as Leo continued to finger her.
"I heard you and Mr. V talking earlier, so I know what you did today." Keeping his eyes locked on hers, he told a shocked Maria to lift her shirt and show him her tits, which she did without hesitation. Using his free hand, Leo reached up and began to tweak her tan little nipple which had become painfully erect from the sexual stimulation its owner was experiencing.
Still stunned, Maria let him continue for longer than she had intended and surprised herself by achieving sexual release while the young boy fingered her. Moments later, after regaining her composure somewhat, she pulled away and said, "OK, we have a deal, right?"
"Absolutely, Mrs. V. But I will want to do this again," Leo cautioned while making a show of tasting her pussy fluids that remained on his fingers.
"Of course you will, Leo," Maria said as she retreated to her bedroom where she planned to masturbate as she re-lived what just happened.
To her surprise, Tony was awake and whispered, "That was fucking hot. I was almost expecting you to fuck him right there in the kitchen."
"You were watching? I thought you were sound asleep and that I would tell you about the little session tomorrow. It went further than I expected, and I hope he keeps his word," Maria said.
"Even if he doesn't, it will only enhance your mystique with the other guys. You looked so hot out there with his fingers inside you and your tits on display," Tony responded.
"So, you really do want me to be a huge slut and let guys do whatever to me? Is that right, Tony?"
"Yes! I wish there were several guys doing all sorts of nasty things to you. I wish you had a huge amount of cum in you and on you. I wish you would fuck anyone who wants to put his cock inside of you. I wish you could be a hot-wife from now on, babe. Is that clear enough?" Tony challenged.
"Crystal," was Maria's simple response.
The guys all left early the next morning and Maria wasn't far behind them when she left to go to the shop where Tony and she had been two days previously. She tried on several outfits and settled on a sexy turquoise sundress that was backless with a tie back neck that showed a lot of side boob. The bottom of the dress came to her mid-thigh and flared at the hem. She added a pale green thong and slipped on the sandals that she and Tony had bought during their previous trip.
She had the clothes she was wearing bagged and wore her new outfit out of the shop. The sales girl had recommended a dive bar a couple of miles away, so Maria drove there in the Mercedes with the top down, enjoying the wind in her hair which she had pulled back into a ponytail. Arriving at the bar, named Stormy's, Maria left the roadster and walked out of the bright sunshine into the dark interior.
It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the dim lighting, but when they did, she headed straight to the bar toward the back of the building. It was just after noon, so there were few people there yet and as she scanned the room, she noted that she was the only female there.
"What will you have, miss?" The bartender asked.
"Can I have a Bloody Mary, please?" She asked.
"You bet," he responded.
As the bartender delivered her cocktail, one of the men told him, "Put that on my tab."
Maria turned her head to see who had just paid for her drink and saw that it was a grizzled older guy three stools over. "That is very nice of you, thank you."
"No problem, pretty lady. We don't get too many women that look like you in here, particularly this time of day," he responded.
"Hell, Earl, we don't ever get any women that look like this little hottie," another said.
Earl rose from his barstool and moved over next to Maria while his friend moved onto the stool on her opposite side.
"Well, thank you both. I was shopping at the Knotty Girls, where I just bought this outfit and the girls there recommended this place to me as somewhere I might enjoy a midday drink or two," she told them.
"We are all glad they did, gorgeous. This place is mostly populated by just a bunch of ugly old men, so you won't be buying any of your own drinks today," a third patron said as he approached and stood by her barstool.
There were eight customers in the bar, plus the bartender and Maria happily found herself to be the center of their attention. They peppered her with questions while running their eyes up and down the shapely teacher's body. She explained that she was on vacation with her husband, her son, and her son's friends, but the guys were all out fishing for the day, so she was bored and went looking for some fun on her own.
The men turned their attention and comments to her outfit. When she first positioned herself on her stool, the dress had risen more than halfway up her thighs, exposing a lot of leg to the men. One of them commented on the tie back neck and the amount of skin it exposed.
Maria ran the back of her fingers along the side boob that was showing and asked innocently, "You like this? I'm glad you do. I hoped that it looked OK with that much of my breast exposed."
"Oh, it looks great," the guy standing behind her stool said as he tentatively moved his hand to copy the gesture Maria had just done. She looked back at him and then at his hand that was approaching her breast and did not react so he continued his advance and stroked the side of her breast with the back of his fingers.
Instead of stopping, however, he continued to rub up and down on the soft flesh. "Get the pretty lady another drink, Pete," he said.
"Thank you," Maria said as she looked down at his hand touching her breast and then back at him. Still looking at him, she moved her fingers to the edge of the fabric and pulled on it, exposing a little more flesh.
"That's a good girl," he growled as he moved his fingers to caress the newly exposed skin.
Emboldened, two of the men in front of her began to stroke her legs, quickly moving up her thighs to the edge of her dress. As they did this, a fourth moved from behind her to stroke the side of her unoccupied breast.
The bartender delivered her second drink and asked, "Are you OK, miss?"
"Yes, I am fine, thank you," she smiled as the two men in front of her moved her legs to uncross them and spread them apart.
"Matching panties. Very nice," one of them said.
"Of course," Maria responded as she took a sip of her new drink. "A girl never knows when someone might see her underwear."
The hands on her legs moved quickly upward to reach her panty clad pussy and began to rub and stroke it. Meanwhile, the guys working on her breasts each moved the fabric to expose her tan nipples and then moved to suck on them.
"OH!" Maria gasped as they did this while the door to the bar opened at the same moment which froze everyone in place.
It turned out to be a regular who walked over to the bar, slack jawed and not quite believing what he was seeing. The bartender passed him on his way to the door where he put a 'CLOSED' sign in the window and locked the door.
The men quickly recovered from their shock and began to work together to strip the woman who was still not objecting to what they were doing. They untied the strap at the back of her neck and pulled the top down to her waist and then two of them pulled the dress the rest of the way off of her hips and down her legs to remove it. For a moment, they admired Maria's body in her pale green thong then they pulled it off her hips and tossed it aside before moving her legs wide apart to expose her pussy with its neatly trimmed pubic hair.
Two of them used their fingers to pull her pussy lips apart and put her pink flesh on display for everyone to see and then one of them dropped to his knees and began eating her cunt.
"Get her good and wet," one said. "She has a lot of cocks to take care of this afternoon."
When Maria left the beach house earlier in the day, she didn't really have a plan for what might happen. She thought she might just tease someone or do nothing at all. She still had doubts that Tony could actually handle something of the magnitude that could happen with these guys. It also bothered her that she was still hesitant to take things where her awakened libido wanted to go. "Well, I will not hold back at all this time," she thought as she watched the guy who had been eating her pussy stand up and move to position his cock to fuck her. As the surprisingly rigid and relatively large penis for what had to be a 65-70-year-old man began to slide inside of her, she finished her thought, "I will have plenty to tell Tony about now."
Maria's legs were being held open by two of the guys, which made it easy for the guy inside of her to penetrate her canal fully and for everyone to get a graphic view of his cock sliding in and out of her cunt. Her breathing came more quickly as he pumped in and out of her pussy that was becoming wetter and warmer by the minute.
After a short while, she felt his cock swell even more inside of her and saw that his movements were becoming tight and stiff. "It's OK to cum inside...," she started to say as he buried his penis inside of her and let loose with a large stream of semen deep inside her pussy. He stayed inside until he was certain he had drained everything he had into her and then slowly withdrew, only to be replaced in the saddle immediately by another of the men surrounding her who unceremoniously sank his cock into Maria without saying a word.
Well, I hope this is what you wanted, Tony. I've got one man's semen inside of me and another man fucking me — with more to come, she thought.
"Ahh, that's nice. You have a sweet cunt that is built to fuck, darlin'. You like this, don't you?" The man sawing his cock in and out of her asked.
"Yes, I do," she whispered. "I never thought I would, but I do."
Nodding at the men waiting their turn with Maria he asked her, "So, how much time to you have?"
Looking around the room herself at the men who were waiting to fuck her, including the two sucking on her tits, she replied, "As much as it takes."
Several minutes later, he was ready to cum and he asked her, "Where do you want me to put this?"
"Anywhere you want, but right where you have it would be good for me," she replied and almost immediately felt his cock twitch inside her pussy as he emptied his old balls into her.
"Let's bring her over to the pool table and bring that step from behind the bar. She is a short little thing and we will need her to be more easily accessible on the table," one man waiting his turn said to the others.
Maria walked the short distance to the pool table and stepped up on a foot-high step that was used behind the bar for some shorter bartenders. Cum was running out of her and dripping onto the floor as she mounted the step and bent over the table. As she leaned forward, another of the guys slipped his cock into her well-lubricated pussy from behind and began to fuck her, while yet another placed a towel in front of her and sat on it with his cock out. He grabbed the back of her hair and pulled her head forward toward his stiff penis. "Suck it, sugar. I want to cum in your mouth," he ordered.
Doing as told, Maria lowered her face to the cock and took it into her mouth. She had tried this with Tony only a few times before and that was early in their marriage, so the cock's owner quickly realized that she did not know what she was doing. "OK, honey, let's get this right. You suck hard on my cock and I will fuck your mouth while you are doing it. Take it as far into your mouth and down your throat as you can, sugar."
Watching from the bar, Pete heard the back door being unlocked and turned to see his daughter coming inside. She locked the door behind her and then joined him at the bar where she took in the action at the pool table for a minute. "I told you she would be a hot slut. When she came into the shop earlier this week, she was shy and timid — just trying to please her husband, but when she came back today, I could tell she was looking for something nasty to happen. I must admit though, when I sent her over here, I thought one of your guys might pick her up and take her out back to fuck her. I had no idea THIS would go on with her. Kudos, Dad. Have you fucked her yet?"
"No, but I am going to. She has a tight little body and I will enjoy working that cunt of hers when it is full of cum," Pete answered.
While they were still talking, a customer came out of the toilet and walked up behind Pete's daughter, where he put his hand under the young girl's skirt and slid a finger inside her panty-less pussy.
"Ooh, as nice as that feels buddy, today is all about that little thing on the pool table. So, don't stop yet, but save something for her," she said looking up at Pete, "Dad, you have a very horny clientele. Oh, shit!" She reacted as the fingers inside of her withdrew and a hard cock replaced them. "Oh, fuck! That feels good. Fuck me!" Looking up at Pete she asked, "Daddy, do you want me to suck your cock while this guy fucks me?"
"Emily, where did I go wrong with you? You are so warped sometimes," he replied. "You're letting a guy fuck you right in front of me and now you want to give your father a blow job?"
"It's just sex, Dad. I'm not a kid anymore and it's not going to scar me emotionally or anything. This is making me so horny and I need more. Bring your little girl a nice cock to suck while this guy fucks me. If you won't, I guess I'll have to let all these guys use me for round two after they get finished with the housewife over there."
Pete shook his head and said, "No."
Emily just sighed and focused on the cock ramming into her from behind; however, minutes later, she pulled away from it, disengaging from the coupling.
"Aww, shit," the guy said. "That wasn't nice."
"I could tell you were about to cum in me, asshole. I did not give you permission to do that, plus, I told you to save it for the cum slut over there. She seems to enjoy everyone leaving their deposits in her."
Emily pulled her skirt down over her ass and kissed Pete goodbye. "That's a good father who wouldn't have sex with his daughter - no matter how much she tried to tempt him. I've got to go back to work now. Bye, Daddy," she said as she smacked him on the ass and turned to leave the bar.
Maria, oblivious to what had been happening at the bar, focused on mastering her new skill of cock sucking and she had established a rhythm with the guy's strokes that were pushing the moderate-sized cock farther and farther down her throat. She was so focused on the blow job that it startled her when she felt the guy fucking her pussy ejaculate inside of her. He withdrew and a new cock slid smoothly inside her from behind and the replacement fucker began pumping her dripping pussy. This, however, was not what he wanted and, after a few minutes, he called to the bartender, "Toss me the stuff, will ya, Pete?"
The bartender retrieved a plastic bottle from behind the bar and walked it over to the pool table handing it to the customer fucking Maria. He opened the top and pushed it slightly into her asshole where he squeezed a copious amount of very slick lubricant and then used two fingers to shove the gel further up inside of her.
In response, Maria started to lift her head to voice her objections to the anal intrusion, but the guy with his hand on her head held her down on his cock and told her, "Just settle down, girl. You will be grateful for that lube in a minute." He pressed even harder with his cock, forcing more of it deeper into her mouth and partway down her throat.
The guy behind her continued his work at her ass while still plunging his cock in and out of her pussy. Adding more lube as he finger-fucked her ass with first one, then two, and finally three digits. Finally, satisfied that her asshole was sufficiently loosened, he removed his cock from her pussy and began his assault on her ass with it.
Maria's eyes flew wide open when she realized his full intentions and she tried to move away from the intruding pole, which resulted in her pushing more cock deeper down her throat, causing her to gag.
"Pick your poison, woman. In your ass or deeper down your throat," the guy behind her said without mercy. "Reach back with both hands and spread your ass cheeks. It will make this easier and you might even like it once I get it all the way inside your ass."
Moaning softly, Maria felt a tear running down her cheek as she did what he told her to do. She spread her cheeks as far as she could, and soon felt the head of his cock pop inside her ass. He applied more lube to the shaft as he began to work his dick back and forth inside her rectum, gaining more and more penetration as he did.
Finally, after what seemed to be an eternity, he sank his cock balls-deep in her ass. The intense burning sensation she had been feeling was replaced by pressure in her abdomen, which was far easier to take.
Just as she was relaxing a bit with her first anal penetration, the cock in her mouth began to spew semen. "Hold it in your mouth! Don't spill any and don't swallow yet. I want to see it."
Don't swallow yet? I wasn't planning to swallow ever, Maria thought as her mouth was filling with cum. Oh, god, there is so much. I can't do this! her mind screamed.
Finally, the ejaculations stopped, and he slowly withdrew the shrinking cock. "Look up and show me what you are holding in your mouth," he told her.
Maria lifted her head and slowly, carefully opened her mouth to display the white viscous liquid she was holding there. It was a huge load, and she was struggling to contain it. She was therefore almost relieved when he instructed her to close her mouth and swallow it. It took three tries for her to get it all down, but she did it. She worried that she might throw up or something, but she found it slid down her throat smoothly and was not unpleasant tasting at all.
The oral distraction was helpful and it was only when Maria requested a drink to serve as a chaser to her cum shot she had just swallowed, that she knew the guy in her ass was fucking it very hard with full strokes and that she felt almost no discomfort at all. She lifted her hips and pulled her cheeks apart again to aid in his penetration.
"I think our party girl enjoys swallowing cum and being ass fucked, don't ya Darlin'?"
"Maybe," she answered coyly.
"Want to try the trifecta?" He asked.
"What's that," she asked.
"We'll show you," he told her as he withdrew from her ass. "Crawl up on the table."
It disappointed Maria that he had pulled out of her, as she felt empty and without stimulation now as she moved all the way up on the pool table where the sheet now covered more of it.
A new guy joined her on the table. Lying on his back, he used his hands to direct her to move on top of him and take his cock in her pussy. Another new guy moved in front of her and presented his cock for her to suck, which she began to do. Just as she began to think Well this isn't much different, her ass fucker returned and began working his cock back in her butt.
"It's called 'airtight'" he explained as he sank fully back inside of her again. "Another first for you, sexy!"
Maria nodded her head as she sucked the cock in her mouth and she focused on the various sensations that were flooding her body at the moment. The cocks in her ass and pussy were creating pleasurable feelings as they plunged in and out of her with only a thin piece of her flesh separating them. These amazing sensations were moving her to another orgasm and the pre-cum that was oozing from the cock her mouth was promising another cum shot soon.
I hope Tony can deal with what he has helped create. I won't be able to go back to what I was after everything this week. I've bottled up my sexuality for far too long and I will want more of this — a lot more, she thought as her orgasm overtook her and she pumped her hips up and down on the cocks in her ass and pussy - driving them deep inside of her with each alternating thrust.
As she was coming down from her release, she felt the cock in her ass pulse as it sprayed her bowels with hot cum. "Oh, that's nice," she purred as the ejaculations continued and soon the cock in her pussy started shooting jets of cum deep into her. How many is that? She wondered, having lost count.
"Relax your throat, I want to go deeper," the man at her face said.
Maria did her best to do as he asked and could take most of his cock into her mouth and somewhat down her throat. After a few minutes of face fucking, he rewarded her with a new load of cum in her mouth, which she first savored and then swallowed with ease this time.
For the next thirty minutes the guys that had not had a turn with her did so, including Pete who it turns out was not only the bartender, but the bar owner. Maria stayed on the pool table as the last guys were not into creative positions — they wanted to get on top of her, fuck her, and cum in her.
A few, including Maria, were up for round two, but Pete said no, he needed to open the bar again. Her ass fucker suggested that she go with him to his boat where he would introduce her to a new group of guys down at the dock. Wanting to go, but concerned about the time, she checked her mobile phone and saw that it was just 2:30 in the afternoon.
"I have an hour," she told him. "How far is it to your boat?"
"Five minutes," he replied happily.
As they were leaving the bar, Pete pulled Maria aside and cautioned her, "It's a rougher crowd down at the docks, sweetheart. I can manage the guys here, but it will be more of a free for all with that crowd."
"Thanks, Pete, but I think I can handle it. What are they going to do to me? Fuck me?" She said with a wry smile.
Pete was right about the men at the docks. As soon as they arrived, the men took Maria onboard a dirty old trawler and, once below decks, stripped her naked and fucked her repeatedly in her pussy, ass, and mouth. They also entertained themselves by shoving things like bottle necks and poles inside of her. There was no politeness, no patience, and they were rough with her — treating her like a whore. These men were dirty, missing teeth and called her every nasty name they could think of. Despite herself, Maria became turned on by the treatment. What am I becoming? she thought.
She had hoped she would have more cum in her to take back home and she got some, but most preferred to cum on her face, tits or ass, leaving her coated with semen. A couple even pissed on her after they had cum.
Somehow, she kept track of her time and she pulled herself away after a little over an hour. It was easier than it might have been, as this group took very little time to cum after they entered her. Averaging two or three minutes each. She retrieved her clothes and quickly dressed to leave, eschewing the offered towel. "I want Tony to see me like this," she decided.
She had been back at the beach house less than thirty minutes when she heard the guys returning. Tony was calling her name as he walked through the house.
"I'm in the bedroom," she called to him and he immediately entered.
The room was dark as Maria had closed the blinds and had turned all the lights off. "Leave them off. I want to talk with you first," she instructed Tony.
"OK," he answered tentatively.
"Close the door and just stay where you are for a sec. You told me you wished I had fucked more guys, right?" Maria challenged. "Did you mean that or were you just testing me?"
Tony nodded, "I really meant it, Maria. I would have liked that very much."
"Ok then, good," Maria said while taking in a deep breath. "You can turn the lights on now."
Flipping the light switch, Tony saw Maria wearing a very sexy dress that he had not seen before.
"What's going on, honey? What's up with the new dress? I thought you would wear the one we bought together tonight," Tony said as he began rapid firing questions at her.
"Stop asking questions for a minute and I will explain," Maria chided. "I felt badly that I had disappointed you on those two occasions this week and probably on others going farther back into our marriage that I am clueless about. I also disappointed myself, because I have let my need to control everything in my life and not let anything spoil my pristine reputation keep me in a boring rut that has probably been driving you crazy."
"So, instead of going to the beach again today, I went back to that shop we visited and bought this dress and some new underwear."
Tony started to speak, but Maria shushed him. "I wanted to see if I could find the courage to have sex with another man so I could come back here and tell you about it."
"So, you did that?" Tony jumped in.
"Please let me tell this my way. I am almost finished," she once again chided. "The same sales girl that helped us before assisted me and I confided in her I wanted to try sex outside of our marriage for the first time and that you were OK with it. She totally understood and recommended a bar where I could go and could probably meet a man even though it was the middle of the day."
Tony's breath was coming more rapidly now as he anticipated what she would say next, but he held his tongue, as he did not want to stop the narrative.
"She could tell that I was nervous, so she offered me a glass of champagne and a Viagra. When I questioned her about the pill, she explained that, it has a similar effect on women as it does on men, causing an increase in blood flow to a woman's sex organ and therefore, increased stimulation and sensitivity. I took the pill and changed into this outfit, then drove to the bar. By the time I got there, something inside of me had triggered and I was no longer nervous, but I was becoming very turned on."
It looked to her like Tony's head was about to pop, so she cut to the chase. "The men in the bar were very nice and very attentive. I had a drink with them and then I had sex with one of them."
"You did? You actually did? That's fucking awesome, Maria!" Tony exclaimed. "Where did he take you and how long were you with him? What did you do with him?"
"This is the tricky part," Maria thought. "He didn't take me anywhere. He fucked me right at the bar."
"He fucked you at the bar in front of the other people there?" Tony asked incredulously. "Did anyone get upset?"
"No, the bartender put a closed sign in the window and locked the door. Then they all had sex with me eventually," Maria whispered.
"All of them? How many were there?" Tony pressed.
"Ten or twelve, I think. I didn't really count," Maria answered.
"Fuck! Ten or twelve? That is a full on gang bang! You were OK with that and you let them do that to you?"
"Yes, I was more than OK with it. I wanted to do it and I enjoyed having all of them inside of me. Are you mad at me?" She asked with puppy dog eyes. "I wanted to make you happy and things just snowballed."
"No, honey, I'm not mad. I'm in shock maybe, but I am not mad. So you say that ten or twelve strangers fucked you in a bar this afternoon?"
"Well, some of them fucked me and I sucked some of them off, plus one guy fucked me in the ass. They also 'spit-roasted' me and made me 'airtight.' Two terms I did not know about until today."
Tony went pale as he listened to her last statement and he asked her quietly, "Anything else?"
"Well, yes, there is. After all the guys at the bar had sex with me, some of them wanted to go for round two and so did I, but the bartender said he needed to open the bar, so we would need to go somewhere else. The guy who fucked me in my ass said he worked on a boat at the docks about five minutes away, so we went there next."
"So he fucked you again on the boat?" Tony jumped in.
"Yes, he did and so did quite a few other new guys. They took my clothes off and laid me on the floor of a boat and did all sorts of things to me," she said matter-of-factly.
"How many this time?" Tony asked.
"More than at the bar, but I am not sure how many more. They were a lot quicker and more nasty. Whereas the guys at the bar all came in either my pussy or my ass or my mouth, some of these guys ejaculated on my face, boobs, pubic area, and ass. Two of them even peed on me." Maria felt a sense of relief now that most of the tale had been told.
"Did any of that upset you?" Tony asked again.
"Not really, no. I actually kinda liked it and I would have stayed longer if I didn't need to get back here to you and the boys."
"So, you have had sex with approximately 25-30 men today whom you let put the cocks anywhere they wanted to inside of you and ejaculate in or on you at their pleasure and you enjoyed it. Does that about sum it up?" He asked looking her directly in the eye.
"Yes," she answered quietly.
"Why did you stay in that dress?" He asked.
"I wasn't sure what you might want. Maybe you would want to see what I looked like when I met the men. I didn't clean up because maybe you would want to see all the dried cum on my body or maybe you would want to fuck me with all of this cum I still have inside of me. I just didn't know what would make you happy, Tony," she clarified.
Tony was silent for a full two minutes, which is a very long time when you worry about what is coming next. When he spoke, he moved to the bed and sat next to Maria and took her hand in his, "First, I am sorry if I put too much pressure on you about all the sex stuff. Second, I am honored that you loved and cared about me so much that you would push yourself so far. But third... " and then he hesitated for a moment and Maria was certain she felt her heart stop. "Third, this has made me so fucking hot that my balls are about to explode. You have moved from a shy, cautious school teacher to a cock whore and a cum slut almost overnight. I love it, baby. This will be fun and yes, I want to fuck your cum soaked cunt and your asshole since some other guy had the pleasure of opening that new territory."
Tony fucked Maria three times in rapid succession. He was so turned on that his cock never deflated after he came in her pussy and then her ass and finally in her mouth (yes, ATM). Maria filled him in on other details as he fucked her.
"I definitely want to go to that club tonight, if you are still up for it," Tony asked her.
"Try keeping me away. I am dying to dance on the bar in the little skirt you bought me." Maria grinned.
"Ok, but you should probably shower now. You smell like sex and not in a good way, babe," Tony teased.
"Asshole," she smiled at him.
Later, when it was time to leave, Maria asked Tony to walk Armando down to the beach for five minutes under some pretense so he would not see the outfit she was wearing when she left the house.
As soon as father and son had left the house, Maria stepped into the main room dressed in the clothes that Tony had selected for her. She walked slowly, aware that her provocative clothing would create quite a reaction from the boys and it did. They devoured her with their eyes as she moved through the room to make her way down the stairs and then to the Mercedes.
"Wow, Mrs. V. You look hot!" One of them said.
"Stay here with us! We can have our own party," another suggested.
"Sorry boys, Mr. V gets me to himself tonight. Plus, I really want to show my new outfit off to people. Do you really like it?" She said as she did a little twirl that lifted the hem of her skirt revealing her panties underneath.
"Fuck yes, we like it. If you won't stay, will you give us one more twirl, please?"
Maria did as they asked and spun around one more time just before exiting, using her hands to lift the hem of her skirt even higher as she turned. "Have a good evening boys. Thanks for the compliments."
"Well, I would have had a much more difficult time running that gauntlet before this week, so I guess I have made some progress," Maria told Tony as they pulled away from the beach house in the convertible.
"I'm sure they appreciated it," Tony said with a wink. "I'll bet they are looking forward to your road trip with them tomorrow."
"I think I have done well to adapt to your wishes including teasing them a bit, but actual sex is just not gonna happen, babe." Maria said flatly.
As soon as they left, the three boys in the room next to them, having previously heard Maria and Tony through the wall talk about pictures on Maria's laptop, retrieved the computer and got past the security password with ease (it was Armando's birthday). They were now feasting their eyes on the pictures the cable guys had taken of her and, unbeknownst to Maria, this spying by the boys would fundamentally alter their perception of her. They transferred the pictures to their mobile phones and later shared them with Hector, who had been keeping Armando busy while they broke into the computer.
Forty-five minutes later, the couple arrived at the club where a pretty hostess greeted them and, after seeing Maria's outfit, immediately asked, "Do you want to go upstairs?"
"Sure," Tony responded.
"There is a $200 cover charge for that floor," the hostess said flatly.
"Really?" Tony responded. "$200? That seems steep," he noted.
"Keeps out the riffraff," the hostess responded. "There isn't a cover if you want to stay down here though."
Maria lifted the back of her short skirt a bit and asked Tony, "Do you want me to stay down here, my love?"
"No, that's OK," he responded nervously as he handed over two one-hundred-dollar bills.
Once they reached the top of the stairs, they could see that the private club was far more elegant than the area on the first floor. Four girls were already on the bar dancing and several men were seated below them gazing at the up-skirt views that the girls were providing them.
A hostess walked over to greet them and escorted them to a booth in the middle of the room next to the dance floor, which had three couples dancing on it at the moment. She took their initial drink orders and left to convey them to their server. Maria, wanting to ensure that her inhibitions were put aside for the night, ordered Goldschläger, a potent liqueur, high in alcohol content. Tony opted for a bourbon on the rocks.
The room layout had low-back C-shaped booths in a semicircle around the dance floor and the bar behind the dance area. There were twenty barstools at the bar and it was standing room only as a crowd of guys and a few girls were drinking and enjoying the brave women dancing on the bar.
"Well, this is nice," Maria noted as they settled in to their booth.
"For $200, it damn well should be," Tony responded.
"Oh, come on, honey. You know full well that when you see your newly slutty wife up on that bar dancing for all these guys and showing off her panties you will forget all about the cover charge," Maria teased.
"As always, you are right, baby. I can't wait to see you up there," Tony agreed.
"Well, my drink has just arrived so, here I go. Order another for me, please babe," Maria said with a grin as she downed her drink in two swallows.
She approached the bar and spoke with a large man who looked like he was a bouncer. A moment later, he smiled, put his hands on her hips, and lifted her onto the bar where she began to dance, exposing pleasing views of her red panties to her audience below.
Several songs and two more Goldschläger shots later, she added more and more risque dance moves, including a full squat and spread of her knees wide to provide an unobstructed view of her panty-clad crotch. She also unbuttoned her blouse and let her breasts flash into view as she moved.
While this was going on, a man approached Tony at the table and asked, "Is that your girlfriend up there?"
"That's my wife, yes," Tony answered.
"Oh, I see," the man said. "Do you know if she was at Stormy's earlier today?"
"Well, I know she went to a beach bar and then to a boat down at the docks," Tony answered.
Looking back over at Maria who was using her fingers to pull her panties aside and tease her audience with glimpses of her pussy, the man said, "I'm sure it was Stormy's. Did you pay a cover to get in here tonight?"
"Yes," Tony complained.
"Well, we can fix that. Do you think your wife would be OK with doing a few private table dances?
Glancing up at Maria, who was still exposing her pussy to the people at the bar, Tony replied, "I don't think she will have any issue with that at all."
"Great. I'll be right back," the man said and then left to talk with the DJ.
A few minutes later, the DJ turned down the music as the song that had been playing was winding down and announced, "All right people, we are taking bids for private table dances by the lovely lady in the white skirt and red top. You have ten minutes to submit your bids. There is a $100 minimum bid per dance. You have ten minutes to submit your offers."
Tony watched as several men walked to the DJ and handed him money. Less than five minutes later, the DJ announced that the bidding was closed.
Reporting back to Tony, the man said, "OK. We have had three offers for table dances by your wife. Actually, four, because I made an offer as well. I should have introduced myself earlier, my name is Danny and I own this establishment," the man said. "The way this will work is that your wife can choose to do as many or as few as she wants and you guys get to keep the money for the dances she does."
Tony looked at Danny to see if he was serious and immediately saw that he was. "I'll ask her," he said.
"Of course," Danny said as he motioned to his bouncer to help Maria off of the bar.
When she returned to the table, Tony introduced her to Danny and explained what was going on. He told her it was up to her to decide what, if anything, she did. Turning to Danny, she asked, "What am I supposed to do during a table dance?"
"Nothing more than you did at Stormy's today," was his reply.
"How do you know about Stormy's?" She challenged.
"Small town. Word travels fast, I'm afraid," he admitted.
"But this is a public bar, and I really don't want to get arrested," Maria countered.
"I understand your concern, but let me try to put you at ease. My uncle is the mayor of this town and my first cousin is the chief of police. In fact, he is one of the four people who put in a bid for you. So, I really don't think you should have any concerns about the police."
Maria thought about what he said for a moment and then looked at her husband who was grinning from ear to ear and then took a big breath and asked, "so, who's first?"
"My cousin. We need to make certain he is happy," Danny said.
"Ok, lead me to him," Maria said.
As Danny and Maria approached what looked like curtains at the back of the room, Maria saw that there were private booths concealed behind the opaque drapes and the chief of police's table was among them. The DJ cranked the music back up and played a song with a driving beat that hammered the eardrums of everyone present. Tony followed just behind and watched as Danny introduced Maria to the head cop.
After a very brief exchange, one server moved the table back two feet to give her room to dance. With Danny and Tony standing inside the draped area, but off to the side, Maria began moving to the music as she stood in front of the cop. She used her hands to lift her short skirt and show him her panties, then turned with her back to him and leaned over the table lifting the back of her dress to expose her ass.
Reaching forward, the cop pulled Maria onto his lap, positioning her with her back to him. He casually flipped the hem of her skirt up and pushed her legs apart before shoving a finger past her underwear and inside her pussy. "I heard about your little party today at Stormy's. You are quite the little slut, aren't you?"
"No, officer. I'm just a helpless victim," Maria said as she looked down at the finger in her pussy and rotated her hips on it. "Just like right now. That feels so good."
"Does it now? Well, let's see if we can do better," he barked as he reached under her and unzipped his trousers to retrieve his rigid cock. "Put this inside of you and fuck me."
Maria did as he told her, mounting his penis and then bouncing up and down on it, putting on a show of fucking a stranger in a bar. She could see Tony watching her with a big grin on his face that said he was loving what was being done to her.
"Fuck it, bitch. Fuck my cock, you little whore." the cop growled as he repeatedly slammed his dick into her heated pussy. Maria knew the way he was treating her should upset her, but she couldn't help being turned on by the rough treatment and knowing that Tony was watching.
The cop reached around her and unbuttoned her blouse, allowing him access to her tits. He squeezed the sweet globes and twisted her nipples cruelly, which caused her to become wetter and more slick inside her pussy. Her table dance had become a floor show for a small group of people that were allowed to gather just outside the drapes to watch. The cop pulled her blouse open to show off her tits and lifted her skirt, revealing his cock moving in and out of her sopping pussy. Soon, she could feel the cock swelling in her cunt and she prepared for him to cum inside her.
Maria surveyed her surroundings again and she could see that the bar owner and her own loving husband were still nearby watching. She looked at Tony as she pumped her hips on the cop's big dick, expecting to feel his cum inside of her at any second. However, her partner suddenly grasped her hips tightly and stopped her movements.
"Reach back and spread your cheeks, cock whore. I've heard you like it in your ass. Help me get this inside you," he commanded as he began to force his cock into her asshole.
It hurt like hell as he pushed and pressed to get inside of her, but Maria held her ass as wide open as it would go. She kept her eyes focused on her husband, letting him see the pain on her face as she slowly sank down on the huge cock. Finally, the cop was all the way inside of her and she felt him fucking her ass without mercy or concern for her level of pain and, after several more minutes, she once again could tell he was about to cum inside her. Seconds later, as the cop let out a low growl and began to ejaculate into her rectum, Maria couldn't help but think, This will make a mess on his pants.
However, he was thinking the same thing, so he ordered her to get off of his cock quickly and then, as he pulled her by her hair, "Get down there and clean me up, whore. You don't expect me to have to deal with the mess you made on my cock, do you?"
Without thinking, Maria opened her mouth and took his nasty cock into inside. It tasted like a combination of cum, ass, sweat and old piss, but she sucked, licked, and swallowed until it was clean. When she lifted her head from his crotch, she saw that Tony had moved closer and was taking pictures with his mobile phone. There was a smattering of applause from her audience, showing their approval of her performance.
Danny retrieved her from his cousin and handed her another shot to wash out her mouth. "Wow, ass to mouth, Maria. There are not a lot of women who will do that."
"Well, I'm trying to be more adventurous on this trip," she told him. "But it wasn't that bad. Who is next?"
Tony hung back as Danny led her to another draped table where four businessmen looking types were waiting. "This is Maria. You get her for four songs, which is about fifteen minutes. Since there are four of you gentlemen, I suggest you use your time wisely."
Maria started to dance for them, but before she could, they had their hands all over her. Hands ran up her blouse and played with her tits while others when under her short skirt and slid fingers into her pussy and ass. She stood in front of them with her legs apart and her arms raised above her shoulders to provide easy access to the body parts they sought. Hearing the second song of their four begin, one of them said to the others, "Let's have her suck our cocks and swallow our cum."
Nodding in quick agreement, the other three joined the first in getting their cocks out of their pants and presenting them to Maria to suck. "I will need another drink for this," she declared as she lowered her mouth over the first cock in line. The drink arrived in a matter of seconds and Tony handed it to his wife, who removed her mouth from the first guy's cock and downed it in one swallow, then returned to sucking the penis in front of her.
Her cock sucking skills had markedly improved since earlier that afternoon, so it took her less than four minutes to suck the cum out of the first cock. Similarly, she completed the other three blow jobs in rapid order, although she went a few seconds over the allotted time. Another shot was the chaser after she swallowed four large loads of cum and Maria was definitely feeling the effects.
Danny escorted her to the third draped table where she was pleased to see two handsome black men waiting for her. "Four songs, gentlemen. Do with her as you will."
The two men quickly stripped Maria naked and then pulled out the two of biggest cocks she had ever seen. One of them laid back in the booth and pulled Maria up on top of him, pushing his oversized cock into her pussy with relative ease. After a moment, the second moved up behind her and pressed his larger cock against her asshole.
"Fuck me, boys. Get them both inside of me and fuck me like a whore." Maria encouraged and a few pushes later, they both had their cocks all the way inside the little hottie. Her audience, which was still moving from booth to booth with her, watched in awe as she took a pounding from both of the monster cocks.
While this was happening, Tony's mobile phone vibrated in his pocket. He took it out and answered and after listening for a short while, he said, "OK, finish loading everything into the truck, including Maria's bags. Anything you miss, I will bring with me when Armando and I drive back. Maria and I will leave here in a few minutes and will be home soon."
Looking back at his wife, he enjoyed the sight of the two black cocks moving in and out of her ass and pussy. He regretted that they had to leave earlier than planned, but it could not be helped.
He was explaining the change of plans to Danny when they heard one of the black men groan as he started to spray his cum inside Maria's pussy. When he finished ejaculating and pulled his cock out of her, his friend redoubled his efforts and pounded her ass as hard as he could until he too shot his load into the pretty brunette.
Maria was weak at the knees and still naked when she stood up. There was semen running out of her pussy and her ass, which made her look like the sexy cum slut she was. Tony and Danny helped her put her clothes back on while she downed yet another shot of Goldschläger.
Tony then tried to explain to her they had to leave and go back to the beach house because Martin's dad suffered a mild heart attack earlier and would have surgery to have a stent installed tomorrow afternoon. She and the boys would leave for Tampa in the truck as soon as Maria and he got back to the house.
He wasn't sure how much she understood, however, as the effects of all those shots were significantly impairing her ability to comprehend. She slept all the way back and remained in the Mercedes while Tony went inside the house to see if the boys were ready to leave.
"Yes sir, we are." Leo reported.
"OK, that's excellent," Tony said. "Mrs. V had a bit too much to drink tonight, so you will need let her sleep for the first few hours at least."
Hector volunteered to drive the first leg of their trip and Martin joined him the passenger seat up front. Sammy claimed the back passenger side window seat while Leo went to help Mr. V with Maria. She could walk, with assistance, but she was not steady on her feet, so they each got on either side of her and helped her to the backseat of the truck. Getting her up into the truck was tricky and Leo received a reward for his help in the form of up-skirt shots of her ass as the two men maneuvered her into the center of the seat.
Tony spoke to Martin just before they set off on the trip, assuring him that stent surgery was routine and that his dad should be fine. Martin said his mom had told him the same, so he wasn't overly worried. He just wanted to be there when his dad woke up from the operation. Tony conducted a final check to ensure that Maria had her purse, cash, and credit cards and that the boys had packed plenty of bottled waters in the cooler. Tony waved goodbye to the five of them as they drove out of sight.
Maria was still sleeping soundly as they left and had slumped over onto Sammy's shoulder. Leo motioned to him they should reposition her so she could stretch out more comfortably. Unhooking her seatbelt, they laid her down with her head in Sammy's lap and her feet and legs in Leo's. Much to their delight, she was still in the slutty little outfit she had worn to the club and it did not cover much of her.
After checking to be sure she was truly out, the boys became bold with their former teacher's body. Sammy placed his palm on one of her plump breasts and began to squeeze and massage it. He rubbed her nipple between his fingers through the material of her blouse for a few moments, but then unbuttoned it and exposed her tits completely where he could maul them to his heart's content. This elicited a reaction from Maria, who moaned in her sleep and thrust her chest out as if offering her breasts to the boy.
Leo busied himself with the teacher's skirt and panties. Lifting the hem up and out of the way, her thin material lacy panties greeted him and, to his shock, there appeared to be cum on the panty crotch and her inner thighs. Touching her leg and panties, he noted that the cum on her thighs had dried, but her panties were still wet. "What have you been up to, Mrs. V?" he thought as he ran his fingertips across the moist undergarment before tugging it off of her hips and down to one ankle. He pushed one leg off of his lap and onto the vehicle floor, which caused her legs to spread wide and gave him an excellent view of her well-used pussy.
He inserted three fingers and pumped in and out of her warm hole vigorously. Maria's body responded accordingly by moving her hips up to meet his invading fingers. The two boys looked at each other in a mild panic. Was she waking up so soon? They needn't have worried. Although her body was responding automatically, Maria was still sound asleep, perhaps subconsciously enjoying what they were doing to her.
The two in the front seats requested that the back map lights be illuminated so they could better see what was being done to their sleeping passenger. The lights improved everyone's view and inspired the two boys that were molesting their former teacher's body to escalate their activities. Turning Maria slightly onto her left side brought her face into Sammy's crotch and made her crotch more accessible to Leo. Sammy used the opportunity to unzip his pants and fish his hard cock out of his underwear. Using his fingers, he opened Maria's lips and slid his cock into her mouth. To his astonishment, Maria began to suckle on the rod ever so slightly as he fucked her mouth with it.
It took more effort for Leo to position himself, but he finally achieved an angle that enabled him to work his cock into Maria's pussy and fuck her. As he stroked her pussy, it astonished him that it was so tight and creamy inside. A frustrated Hector saw that a rest stop was just ahead, so he exited the highway and parked away from other vehicles. "I was missing all the action, guys. We can stop for a while or one of you can drive instead." He explained.
Now that he could fully take in what was happening in the backseat, Hector saw Maria with her blouse open and her tits on display. Sammy was sliding his considerable cock all the way in and out of her mouth. Moving his eyes down her body he could see her skirt bunched up around her waist and Leo pounding his cock into her pussy. He noted her neatly trimmed pubic hair and enjoyed seeing the inner lining of her vagina clinging to Leo's prick each time he pulled back. The positions the boys with Maria were in were not ideal, but they were not about to pass up this opportunity for lack of comfort.
Sammy and Leo had been at it for almost thirty minutes without cumming because of the difficult angles they were dealing with to penetrate her. The other two had expressed their impatience for their turns with Maria, so Sammy and Leo were pumping away even harder.
Meanwhile, Maria was becoming aware of her surroundings and circumstances. As her brain emerged from its alcohol induced sleep state, sounds returned first, then voices and recognition of what was being said and then by whom. Finally, the realization that she was being fucked at both ends by her son's friends.
Deciding to mess with the sneaky little fuckers for a moment, she gave no sign that she was awake at first, but then jerked her head back from Sammy's cock, opened her eyes and said, "Are you boys utterly oblivious to the 'Me Too Movement'"? You are having sex with me without my consent and that is sexual assault. You can all go to prison for a very long time."
Almost in unison, three of them said they were sorry and began making excuses for their behavior, none of which really excused what they had done to her. Leo, however, remained silent and continued to fuck her with steady strokes.
"Leo! I can't believe you are still doing that to me. Didn't you comprehend what I just said?" She scolded him.
"Oh, I understood what you said, but I don't believe you meant it. Your mouth is saying one thing, but your pussy is saying another. Since you have awakened, you have opened your legs wider than I had them and your pussy is wetter than it had been. Plus, you have made no real effort to stop me." He shot back. "It's obvious from the cum in you and on you that you fucked someone or someones while you and Mr. V were out tonight, and I am pretty sure it wasn't just he that had the pleasure with you."
Maria remained silent for a few moments while she processed what Leo had just said. He was continuing to fuck her, and she was not attempting to stop him. "Plus, there are those pictures on your laptop with two guys this week. I think you have been holding out on us, Mrs. V." Leo accused. "Now, I need to cum, so how about you move back a little and spread your legs so I can get all of my cock inside of you."
Wordlessly, Maria complied with what he told her to do and felt him sink his cock deeper into her pussy and began pumping away in her, while he built toward his orgasm. As the sensations in her pussy took over her thoughts, she forgot about her feigned shock and anger — reverting instead to her sluttier side that had manifested itself this week. "That's it, Leo, fuck your teacher and cum in her pussy. Fuck me... fuck me..."
Leo pounded his former teacher's pussy for all he was worth until he felt his balls tighten and his cock spewing his semen deep into her. Maria reached up and pulled his head down to her so she could kiss him deeply while she felt him ejaculating inside her. After his ejaculations subsided, he pumped Maria's pussy a few more times, liking the way it sounded when his cock moved his cum around. "That was great, Mrs. V. You are a great fuck. Who's next, guys?" Leo said.
"Wait a minute, boys. We need to talk before anyone else fucks me," Maria insisted. "I want you all to be with me, but I need you to understand and promise that Armando must never know. I don't know how he would react if he knew I had sex with his friends. Will you promise me that what we do stays between us?"
"Of course, Mrs. V. We would never want to hurt our friend. We just want to have sex with you," Sammy said.
The responsible side of Maria emerged for a moment and she asked, "How long before we need to get you to the hospital for your dad's surgery, Martin?"
"We have plenty of time. It's about four and a half hours to Tampa and his surgery is scheduled for ten hours from now."
"Great! Then let's continue with round one. Like Leo said, who fucks their teacher next?" Maria said seductively.
The remaining three boys each had a turn with her in the backseat. They all fucked her pussy and came inside her, which pleased her. Now that she was completely over her concerns and inhibitions, she was getting off on being fucked by her former students. Whenever there was a break in the action, she would explain her former policy regarding sex with students and how that policy was discarded over the course of the past few days.
I think I've had an inner slut that I've repressed until now, but she is out now and has a huge appetite for sex as though she has missed too many 'meals.' Maria observed. Now, I absolutely love letting men do whatever they want to me sexually.
"Have you been fucked in your ass?" one of the students asked.
"This week, yes."
"Have you swallowed cum?"
"This week, yes."
"Have you been gang banged like this before?"
"This week, yes, but by a lot more guys," she said with a grin on her face.
"Wow, Mrs. V. That is just too hot. Turn over for me, please. I want to try your ass," Leo requested.
Maria did as he asked and looked over her shoulder to tell him, "Take some cum out of my pussy and push it into my asshole before you put your cock in me, please."
Leo followed her instructions and was rewarded with a relatively easy entry into her backside, where he fucked Maria's ass with enthusiasm. After he shot his load inside her rectum, she turned over and said, "OK, now put it in my mouth."
Utterly amazed, he watched as his friend's mom took his cock into her mouth and licked and sucked it clean. She did such an excellent job that his cock swelled to another erection in her mouth and he shot a third load of cum within just a few minutes, which Maria showed the boys and then swallowed. "OK, now you have cum in all of my holes. Am I doing what you guys want me to do?"
"Yes, we just want a lot more of it, Mrs. V" Leo answered.
"I'm all yours, boys. I'll do whatever you want or have ever imagined. Do you other three want the same treatment that Leo just got?" She said.
Of course, they all did, and Maria gave each of them the best sex they had ever experienced. Afterward she downed two bottles of water from the cooler and then announced that she needed to pee. "I'll be right back and then we should get back on the road, but don't look so sad boys, you can take turns with me all the way back to Tampa."
Maria left the truck and walked to the public restroom. As she did, she passed three truckers that were standing outside one of their rigs talking to each other. They called out to her, commenting on her sexy outfit and inviting her to join them. She waved and went into the ladies' room — halfway expecting and hoping they would follow her. When she emerged, the three were still standing where they were before and she surprised them by detouring to walk over to them.
"Hello, gentlemen. You seemed to like my outfit, so I thought I'd give you a closer look." She said as she reached them.
"Damn, woman. You are hot as hell and that skirt doesn't really cover much of you up, does it!" One of them said.
"No, it doesn't, and that is why I wore it. I'm glad you like it." She replied as she lifted her skirt to display her lacy red thong. "Id love to stand here and chat with you guys for a while, but I really have little time. Do any of you want to fuck me?"
"YES!!" They all answered almost in unison.
"Ok, just a sec." She said as she turned toward the boys in the truck. "I'm going to spend a few minutes with these guys. You stay there and look out for me, OK?" As she said this she saw Hector writing something down on a pad which she assumed was the company name on the truck and its tag number — just in case. "You will have to be quick to cum. I really have to hurry."
The four of them climbed into the cab of the semi-truck and Maria moved to the sleeper compartment immediately where she pulled her panties off and opened her blouse, freeing her tits for them to enjoy. "Who's first?" she asked and saw that the larger of the three was moving onto the bed with her.
Sitting beside her, he removed his shoes, trousers and underwear and then moved his crotch up to her face and presented a huge cock for her to suck. "I'll cum quicker if you get me worked up first," he explained.
Maria took the giant member into her mouth and began licking and sucking. He fucked her mouth hard, driving his penis farther in with each stroke and he could not believe it when she took his entire rod into her mouth and down her throat. This is one talented whore, he thought. Her talents almost made him cum before he got to fuck her, so he reluctantly withdrew from her mouth and moved down her body where he impaled her pussy with his throbbing dick.
Her pussy felt like a velvet glove that was almost uncomfortably hot on his cock. Enhanced by the feeling of the viscous liquids that were already in residence, this was the best pussy he could remember fucking. Too quickly, he felt his orgasm welling up, but there was no way to stop it, so he jammed his cock fully inside the pretty lady and let loose with a copious amount of cum that joined the multiple deposits Maria had taken before.
"Oh, my god, that was spectacular," he said.
"Thank you," Maria responded. "Now, who's next inside me?"
The other two had already decided the order of penetration and finished just about as quickly as their large friend, adding more fluids inside Maria's cum soaked pussy.
As Maria was exiting the truck cab, the big guy asked, "How much do we owe you?"
"How much was I worth?" Maria responded with a smile.
"Usually it's $50 each, but you were worth more than that," he said.
"Guys, keep your money. I'm not a whore, even though I may look like one and act like one at the moment. I'm actually a married high-school teacher and those are four of my students in the truck, whom I will fuck for the rest of our trip," she teased. "Thanks for the fucks, the cum, and for thinking I was a whore."
When she reached the truck and got into the backseat, the boys were looking at her with wide-eyed amazement. "I hope you guys don't mind, but I have three more loads of cum in my pussy and I expect the four of you to add a lot to them before we reach Tampa."
She sent a text to Tony when she reached home and said she wanted to wait until they were together to discuss the happenings of the past week. When he and Armando arrived, the focus was on getting their son ready to depart for college, and so it was another day before they settled into bed with cocktails to talk.
Maria told Tony that she thoroughly enjoyed their evening at the nightclub and her only regret was that it had to end sooner than she would have liked. She related the details of her ride home with her former students and her session with the three truckers. Tony's cock stayed as stiff as a board as she described these things to him.
"I'm not sure what we have unleashed in me, but I am a different person now. I think about sex all the time. I want to dress like a slut and show off in public. I want to fuck our friends. Hell, I want to fuck every man I see. The night after I got back with the boys, I drove to Orlando to get out of the Tampa area and checked into a hotel. I spent the evening in several bars and I picked up men whom I brought back to my hotel room and let fuck me.
Yesterday morning, before you and Armando returned, I had a visit from Leo's dad, who stopped by to thank us for taking his son on the trip. I fucked him too and I promised to fuck some of his friends from the country club."
Looking her husband in his eyes, she said, "I'm not sure I can turn this off, honey."
"Don't. You are exactly like I want you to be. Fuck whoever, whatever, whenever, and however you like. You are my little hot-wife now and I could not be happier, Maria."