The line is not to be crossed. You stare at it, wondering when he will allow you to cross it. You want to already, but the excitement of the game is enticing as well. So you go along with it.
You can't help but look at it, the thin red line of tape across the floor of the room. And you can't help but look at him, with his big smile and occasional wink.
Then it begins. First he takes off his left shoe, gazes at you, waiting. You bend down and untie your left shoe, and take it off. Then his right shoe, as your follows. Socks next. Carefully tossing them in a pile together next to the wall. He stands up, reaches down and pulls the bottom of his tshirt, lifting it over his head. You watch as his upper body is exposed, nice tight stomach, muscular chest and arms. And realize instantly that its your turn. Anticipation is building up so much, you can hardly stand it. But at the same time so nervous. You relent to your fears, reaching down and pulling your shirt up and over your head, revealing your black bra, with your nipples piercing through with excitement. You stand and look at him, but he isn't moving. His hands move up his naked chest, rubbing his skin. He gestures towards your chest, and you understand.
Slowly you reach back and unsnap your bra, moving your hands around in front, slowly removing it from your body, while covering your breasts with your hands. He stands, staring, waiting. You remove your hands, dropping the bra to the floor. He unsnaps his jeans, down with the zipper, slowly slides them down his legs, stepping towards you. Your heart jumps, but he is only stepping out of the jeans. He picks them up and places them in the pile. Your eyes wander down his chest, to his tight black underwear. Looking for the outline, the bulge, wondering whats underneath. As he stands, looking at you, you reach behind, unzipping the skirt, nervously letting it fall to the ground. Your body is already reacting, you feel slightly self conscious in your red thong, wondering if your excitement is showing through the sheer fabric. You watch his eyes, tracing your body, from your eyes, to your neck, your breasts, down your stomach, between your legs.
He runs his hands up his stomach, to his chest, pressing his fingers on his nipples. You watch him intently, and he nods at you, looking at your hands. So you do the same, running your hands up your stomach, to your breasts, cupping them and pressing your fingers into your nipples. One of his hands slides down his body, between his legs. Rubbing himself through his tight black underwear. You follow along with your hand. Down your stomach, between your legs, rubbing yourself through your sheer panties, feeling how wet you have become.
He slides his fingers under the waist of his underwear, slowly pulling at them, stretching them around himself as he pulls them down his legs and to the ground, revealing himself completely to you. He picks them up with his toes, and flings them into the pile of clothing. You reluctantly but with much anticipation and excitement, put your fingers under the waist of your panties, pulling them downwards, bending your body to slide them all the way to your feet. Slowly you stand up, revealing your complete self to him. His gaze wanders, taking it all in. Your eyes wander, enjoying his naked body. Watching his cock as it grows, hardening. He places his hand on his cock, just holding it. His eyes watching you as you do the same, your hand on your glistening pussy.
He takes a step forward, his toes closer to the line. You take a step forward. Closer to each other, but not close enough. His cock is fully erect, his hand on it. He starts to rub himself very slowly. You begin to rub yourself slowly. The tension inside your body is tremendous, your hand wet with excitement. He takes his hand off of himself, takes a finger and slowly caresses the tip of his cock. You take your hand off of yourself, and with a finger, you touch yourself, watching his eyes, his cock. He steps yet closer to the line, his toes inches from it. You step closer. You can feel the heat from his body. His hard cock extended towards you, you want so badly to touch it, but the line is there, and is not to be crossed...