The scent of wild garlic and thyme infused the warm, balmy Mediterranean air as I clambered up through the hillside groves of lush and dark green fir pine and olive trees. The hot mid-day sun peppered it's golden white rays in-between the trees, causing me to perspire rapidly, on my passage through the interspersed sheaths of light.
Cephalonia was indeed an island of such mythological beauty and stature, that I was immensely pleased with my fortuitous decision to choose such a beautiful destination for a short hiking holiday. I had been walking solidly since sunrise and had not encountered a single soul whilst traversing the island's only mountain. The sun's relentless ascent informed my body that rest and water would be required very soon.
I broke out from the shade of trees to suddenly climb steeply along a rocky path. Following it upwards with renewed vigour towards a verge that suddenly evened out to a grassy copse surrounded by pine firs. I turned around to see in the distance, to my great delight, a lovely clear view of the Ionian sea lapping against the coastal edges of this beautiful isle.
Taking the backpack from my shoulders, I examined the grassy clearing for a place to rest. A sizeable gnarled log in the centre provided a suitable back-rest with the aid of my pack. I settled down to drink gratefully from my canteen of water and devour a succulent nectarine. The sound of distant goat bells carried on the warm breeze and as I closed my eyes, my thoughts turned to an older couple, I was close friends with, in England.
Stolen, laughter-filled summer afternoons with Linda and Frank, as we explored remote, people-free spots in the Dorset countryside. A picnic to refresh, before shedding constricting clothes to expose our naked flesh to the sun. Moans of joy as we mutually self-pleasured ourselves within our private, exotic triangle on the large picnic blanket. Watching beautifully assured, dark-haired Linda straddle her husband Frank, in front of me, as I stroked my pulsating, fleshy, red rod. Seeing her smile at me and then crying out with ecstasy as Frank's big and twitching, veiny cock found it's home and slid into Linda's wet and slippy cunt.
Goat bells sounded, dragging me from my erotic nostalgia. I looked down to see my hiking shorts were tented with the excited erection concealed inside. Looking quickly around, I decided to strip and fulfil another long-held fantasy. I discarded everything I was wearing and lay back down. The sun consumed my nakedness and my seven-inch cock grew and stiffened fully. Straining and stretching towards the life-giving light, as if a fleshy root eager for growth.
I took myself in hand, slightly parting and raising my legs, so as best to feel my heavy testicles jiggle and dance against my perineum as I stroked myself. I let out a moan and imagined I was some sort of naughty, mythological Faun playing with his fleshy pan-pipe. Waiting for the Nymphs of the forest to come and caress and delicately tend to my arousal. Their supernatural fingers and tongues bringing untold pleasure to my cock, balls and bum hole.
Another goat bell, this time louder and closer. I looked up to the left of me and was surprised to see a woman and a man, about ten yards away on the edge of the clearing. I immediately stopped my joyful administrations, in shame, at being discovered. The raven-haired woman quickly smiled and nodded to me with, what seemed to me, a look of approval. She was about fifty and dressed in the traditional garb of Greek peasantry. Dark blues and blacks against her dark, olive skin.
The man next to her, who I assumed was her husband, was dressed in similar colours. He looked older, more wizened, about sixty, and was equally olive-skinned with grey hair and unkempt whiskers on his face. He leant upon a shepherds walking stick and was smiling also.
The woman could see I was unsure and awkward with this sudden invasion of, or what I thought was, a private moment. Still smiling at me, she pulled up her top to expose her chest. Huge pendulous tits spilled out as they were freed from the fabric, darkest brown areola with big, stiff nipples in the centre.
I smiled back at her as my penis started to twitch and regain it's full rigidity. I resumed my stroking, watching her lovely, fleshy orbs droop slightly. She turned to her partner and hooking her thumbs into his trousers, pulled them down to his knees. His dark-tanned, stiff cock excitedly shook from the motion, like a just-used diving board, as it burst free from his trousers.
The woman smiled and looked at me as my hand moved, steadily quicker, up and down the girth of my prick. She took her husband's tool in her hand and began to match her strokes with my own. The man reached around his wife with his free arm and proceeded to fondle her big, luscious breasts. Squeezing them to accentuate her swollen teats and causing her nipples to swell and stiffen even more so.
I began to vary the speed of my pleasuring, edging and prolonging my inevitable spurting. I had a feeling that this was wise, sensing there would be more to come from my new found, voyeuristic friends. I was not wrong. As, I continued to throttle my engorged prick, the man suddenly let his shepherds walking stick fall to the ground, turned his wife slightly away from him and roughly hiked up her skirt. She began to moan, gutturally, in Greek. No doubt begging for her husband's impressive cock deep inside her hot, wet snatch. She continued staring at my pulsing erection as her husband drew her lovely, big, fat bottom onto his twitching member.
They both cried out as he thrust forcibly into her wanton cunt and I too moaned audibly with joy and pleasure at the sight. He proceeded to fuck her hard and steady. I gripped the base of my cock to make it throb and pulsate, so as best to show it off to them as they stared intently at me. The woman was moaning steadily now and licking her lips in response to the display of my thick, veiny excitement. Her big, droopy breasts were swinging back and to, faster and faster, as her husband quickened his rough fucking of her juicy twat.
Throwing his head back and with a loud Greek exclamation emanating from the back of his throat. The shepherd's frenzied bucking became an almost epileptic shudder as he jerked and shot his creamy seed into his wife. Her eyes stared into mine as her lips formed an 'ooh' shape of pleasure before, gazing lustfully at my blur of a hand, racing up and down my thick, red cock. Her husband pulled out of her, his purple bell end exposed and dripping thick drops of cum from his cock-slit onto the warm, sunlit ground.
The woman said something to her husband before standing in front of him, lifting her skirt and lowering herself, until squatting low above the ground. With her legs now explicitly wide open, her lovely dark pubic bush was now on show. The shepherd held her by the shoulders, his spent cock dangling, directly, by her flushed face. She smiled at me again before taking him into her mouth and gently gobbling his prick so sweetly and lovingly.
I looked between her legs and realised, with excitement, that she had begun to relieve her bladder. Lovely, big streams of piss gushed, intermittently, from her cunt soaking the dry ground all around. I looked up again, masturbating furiously, to witness her husband starting to lazily piss in his wife's open mouth. Our eyes met, as his amber piss overflowed from out of her mouth and down onto her chin, before joining her own golden flow on the ground.
It was too much. I cried out loudly and arched my back as the orgasm hit me. Wads of thick, creamy jizz spurted out of my prick violently like a big, spunky fountain I never, ever wanted to end. But, end it did. The force of the orgasm, after my balls had emptied, left me a moaning, quivering wreck of pleasure. I opened my eyes, slowly, to see the couple leaving. The shepherd was waving and the wonderful peasant lady blew me a kiss. I smiled gratefully and closed my eyes.
Goat bells again. I opened my eyes once more to see a multitude of goats pass by in the direction of the man and woman. The faint cry of a Shepard's call sounded and then they were gone.