Victoria and Poppie decided to go thrift store shopping on a Saturday morning.They took Poppie's car, an old baby blue 1974 Mustang that was fashionably falling apart, parking it on the street in front of the Salvation Army.
"I hope I can find something that looks good for people with no boobs" Victoria said to her new younger friend as they got out of the car.
"What are you talking about, Victoria? You're lucky, you don't need a bra. I do. Plus you have boobs, they're just small and perky. Trust me, a lotta guys are into that."
"OK, Poppie. But what about girls? "
They walked in and said hi to the only guy working there, a young black guy around Poppie's age (21) who looked like he worked out.
"My name is Larry. Let me know if y'all need any help, alright?"
"Ok, Larry." Poppie said before wandering around until she found some brown fake leather low rise jeans.
Victoria was browsing the dresses until she found a hippie type of dress that was loose and white and had a plunging neckline. She took it up to the register.
"Hey Larry, let me try this one on?" Victoria asked.
"Yo, Larry, I've totally gotta try on these pants too, Larry." Poppie added.
"Ok" Larry said and walked over to unlock the plywood stall. "Is one room enough or y'all want two?"
"One is good." Poppie said as they both went inside the small space that was covered in graffiti. Victoria took off her faded red t shirt before Larry even closed the door. She wasn't wearing a bra but her back was turned to him. Also she wouldn't have minded if he saw her chest.
Poppie took off her mini skirt and stood next to her friend.
"Should I wear panties with these pants? No, right?" It was a rhetorical question. Poppie pulled off her black lace panties and put them on the bench. Victoria couldn't resist and grabbed her younger friend's nice ass. Victoria also ran her finger over Poppie's smooth vagina.
Victoria took her tight black jeans off and now they were both naked except for Poppie's bra that was a mustard colored see through number. They had recently become friends with benefits and took the opportunity to give each other an almost naked kiss and explore each other's pussies for a few seconds with their fingers before Poppie went further and got on her knees and proceeded to eat out Victoria's vagina with her tongue as deeply as she could before putting Victoria's clit into her mouth. Poppie sucked it and licked it before putting her fingers in and rubbed it and pulled it until Victoria came loudly in the changing booth. She didn't try at all to be quiet. Both of them had shaved their pussies together the night before while Victoria's boyfriend Harold watched and jerked off.
Poppie stood up and pulled on the faux leather brown jeans. They were very tight, almost too small for the somewhat curvy girl. They barely came above her vagina and formed a camel toe that left almost nothing to the imagination.
"You have to get them!", Victoria told her.
"Put on the dress Victoria and let's ask Larry what he thinks."
The dress was nice and fit Victoria's thin body. It also left her breasts mostly exposed including her nipples, one of which was hard and exposed.
"Hey Larry, what do you think?" Victoria asked the young guy as she came out the swinging door before looking at herself in the mirror.
"Damn, y'all look good. Are y'all models or something? Sometimes we get models in here but not lately. You guys have that vibe."
Poppie walked out in her tight pants and bra.
"Damn. I'm not gonna lie, y'all look fucking hot. Sorry, I'm not supposed to swear in here. Let me fix your dress though."
Larry fixed it so Victoria's left nipple was covered while lightly touching it with his fingers in the process.
"No, it's ok." Victoria said as she pulled the dress away to expose her nipple again. "I like showing my tits a little."
"Cool, cool," was Larry's response as he fondled her exposed tit.
"What do you think of my friend Poppie's pants? Poppie, the bra isn't part of it, right?" asked Victoria.
"No, this is just the bra I'm wearing. I only want to, I only want to buy the pants." Poppie responded a little confused. They had just smoked a joint in the car on the way over.
Victoria asked, "what material are those?"
"The pants? I guess they're fake leather or rubber maybe, spandex? They're really fucking tight on my crotch" Poppie said as she rubbed herself over the pants. She took Victoria's hand and got her to also rub the pants and her pussy.
"It feels like rubber and spandex mixed together, right?" Victoria said and continued to rub and stroke them, making sure Jerry could tell what she was doing.
"Jerry, right? Can you tell us what this material on my friend's pants is? Just feel the material. You don't mind, Poppie?"
"No, I don't mind." Poppie took his hand and put it on her ass as she bent over and stuck out her ass for him.
Larry, as gentlemanly as he could, grabbed a handful of Poppie's ass and then another. "Yeah, these jeans are probably leather or fake leather maybe. You have to wear a belt though, look." Victoria showed them how loose the waist was, pulling it away from her friend's body and giving Larry a view down Poppie's pants, letting him see everything.
"Plus you can't wear underwear with these. You're not wearing panties, right?"
"No, they're too low," Poppie said and tugged them down lower, revealing her butt crack and the top of her shaved vagina.Then she unbuttoned and unzipped the pants so Larry would know for sure she wasn't wearing her panties anymore because her pussy was now showing and she wasn't trying to hide it.
"Larry, can we pick something out for you to wear?" Victoria asked.
"I'm probably not supposed to but all the managers are at a meeting in another city today. They went to San Francisco. So.. yeah I'm down."
Poppie quickly found some tight jogging shorts that looked too small for him."Try these" she said handing them off to him.
Jerry stepped into the changing booth and saw Poppie's black lace panties resting on the bench.
"You know you left your panties in here, right?"
"Yeah, just leave them I guess. I kind of hate wearing underwear though, don't you?"
Victoria overheard their conversation and couldn't contain her laughter.
They heard Jerry's pants hit the floor because of the change and keys in the pockets.
"Yo, I think these are too small."
"Let's see" Victoria said and opened the door without asking.
Jerry was only wearing the shorts that were definitely too small. They were dark green with yellow piping on the sides. He also took their advice and wasn't wearing underwear and you could tell.
"Nice" was all Poppie could come up with. She put her hand down the front of her "new" pants like she was Al Bundy and had to adjust something down there. It was just an excuse to finger herself. With her pants unzipped, the others could see exactly what she was doing as she pushed two fingers into her pussy,
"Can we buy this stuff and then just wear it out?" Poppie asked as she made herself stop fingerbanging herself.
"Yeah , probably. I just have to scan the tags." Jerry came over to the register and hit a few keys.
Victoria was ready first and pulled the dress away from her chest to find the tag, giving him a nice long view of her small tits. "Here it is" she said as she held the tag up to Jerry's scanner which caused a loud beep.
"Thank y'all for coming in today" he told them.
"No, it's cool Larry, thank you," Poppie said before putting her hand inside his shorts to grope his dick and stroke it a few times. She took out his dick and rubbed it against her labia before turning around and pulled her pants all the way down to her ankles.
Larry quickly was able to enter Poppie from behind and they began to fuck behind the counter against the glass case that had the most expensive items like jewelry and watches.
Victoria became the lookout to see if anyone was coming. She stood by the front door and played with her own nipple while watching Poppie getting fucked by Larry's impressive dick.
"Fuck me, Larry! Come inside me." Poppie yelled as Victoria watched and played with herself.
The entire front of the store was glass. Anyone walking by would have gotten a free show.
Victoria pulled up her dress and was now fully masturbating, fingering herself.
On elderly woman walked by and smiled at Victoria and then looked inside the store and saw what was going on.
Victoria smiled at the old lady and continued to masturbate to orgasm in front of her.
"I'll be damned, these kids!" the old woman said before continuing her walk down the sidewalk with a cane, smoking a cigarette.