I looked avidly at the TV screen I'd set up in the garage, seriously aroused yet emotionally turmoiled. The eight separate cameras shown on a rectangular display on my laptop, with one camera view on the TV screen, showing my wife Suzi, wearing a black leather look Waspie, matching quarter cup bra, sexy black seamed stockings and very high spiked heeled ankle boots, leading her latest fuck toward the hallway to put his clothes on and leave.
Suzi helped him into his trousers and shirt as he stepped into his slip on loafers. He took out a business card, handing it to Suzi, she smiled and placed it in the right cup of her bra. She knelt before him and gently unravelled his cock from his trousers. He was semi erect as his cock popped out of his fly.
Suzi stroked his growing length with her delicate hands, her nails gently tapping on his rather large length. He looked down smiling as Suzi looked up into his eyes and slid the head of his cock in her mouth.
Her lips slowly shrouded the purple head, kissing and sucking the tip of this huge cock.
He moaned throatily and began to verbally abuse Suzi.
"Suck my cock you cheating whore!"
Suzi groaned with pleasure at his vile words, insanely aroused at sucking his cock and being vilified as she pleasured him.
"I'm going to slip this up your slut ass and cum inside your cheating asshole!" He snarled, pulling Suzi's hair emphasising his point.
Suzi panted obediently, enthralled with his loutish behaviour.
"Yes please. Fuck my ass and cum in my tight slut hole!" She squirmed subserviently.
He pulled her up by the hair and pushed her against the front door.
In one fluid movement, he'd spread her ass cheeks wide and was sliding his hard cock back inside her ass.
"Oh fuck yes!" She panted "Make me cum before my husband gets home!" She begged.
"I'll leave a nice surprise for him! Your ass full of my spunk!" He snarled "Ride my cock slut!" He demanded.
Suzi rotated her hips, fucking his cock as he selectively pounded her ass.
"You're making me cum!" Suzi panted.
"Yeah! You cum bitch!" He growled "I'm gonna fuck this slut asshole every time I fuck you!"
Suzi felt his cock twitch as he began to unload his seed deep inside her tight asshole once more.
She was enjoying this anal sex more than I expected, thrashing around on his cock as it stretched her sphincter.
He was groaning with each spurting thrust as his cock emptied all of his seed, deep inside my wife's ass.
Removing his spent cock from her ass, he pushed her head toward it, to clean all of his spunk and ass cum off his deflating cock.
Suzi willingly obeyed and licked his cock, almost worshipping it as she cleaned every drop of sex fluid off his cock.
He took his cleaned cock and put it back into his flies, took his iPhone out of his pocket and began to take photos of Suzi standing there in her sexy lingerie, showing her erect nipples and shaved pussy. Suzi didn't object, in fact she looked thrilled as she posed willingly, delighted to show her hot body to the camera lens.
"Turn around and show me the sexy slut asshole I've just spunked in!"
Suzi visibly shook with excitement, hearing him speak in such a manner.
Obeying his request, she turned around, arched her back as she bent over slightly, holding her taut buttocks apart, she spread her ass for the camera.
She half turned her head, smiling at the camera as her new squeeze clicked dozens of pics of her raw asshole, still smeared with his spunk.
"Come on you'll need to leave, my husband will be home soon!" she said ushering him out of the door.
"Thanks for the best fuck ever!" he smiled "If you want me to fuck you again, just call me!" he said as he walked out the front door.
Suzi gave him a soft gentle kiss as he squeezed her breast for one last time.
"I'll definitely be phoning you! That cock will be inside me soon and I'll be wearing anything sexy you want me to!" Suzi smiled, confirming her slut status to him once more.
Suzi closed the door behind him and walked into the kitchen.
Lighting a menthol cigarette, she slowly walked across the kitchen, toward the door which adjoins the integral garage.
Suzi knocked on the door three times and giggled.
"I've some holes that need licked and fucked!" she laughed, waiting for the door to open.
I unlocked the door and walked out to find Suzi squeezing her left breast and rubbing her shaved pussy with her right hand.
"I'm still horny babe!" she smiled " Lick me and fuck me please!" she asked affectionately yet subserviently. It would appear that my slut wife enjoyed a little domination from what I'd just witnessed, and with her looks, lingerie and body she could basically get a man to do whatever she wanted.
I decided to try the dominating master role to see how it went.
"Listen slut, you can finger your ass and pussy and get all of the spunk out of you!" I snarled as Suzi's eyes opened, squirming at my response.
"If that's what you want, I'll do that for you!" she smiled sexily as she beckoned me in to the lounge. She lay on the sofa with her legs wide apart. Holding her pussy open, she dipped three fingers inside her creamy cunt. Spunk smeared her fingers as she moved the fingers to her mouth and hungrily licked her lovers spunk off her fingers. She repeated this three times until there was no more spunk to remove. She turned on to her stomach with her stockinged knees of the floor. Her ass was raised and her back arched as her magnificent breasts swung freely. She placed both hands on her ass and spread her cheeks wide. Her asshole was well creamed with spunk, with her puckered ring looking slightly swollen from the pounding it had just received.
She stroked her long fingernails around the rim of her ass, moaning softly as she did so. Her legs were shaking as her fingernails scraped her asshole gently. Sliding two fingers inside her ass slowly, she began to move them around in a rotating fashion. Some of her lovers spunk squeezed out of her asshole as she pushed her fingers deeper. She fucked her ass for a few strokes then took out her fingers, drenched in her lovers cum, placing them on her soft lips, she let the spunk run into her mouth. Her eyes were half closed with sheer lust, as she licked the spunk off her fingers seductively.
She repeated this process a few times, giving herself a nice panting anal orgasm, as every drop of his spunk vacated her asshole.
"Oh! His cock was so good!" She whispered fingering her ass "He made me cum so much!" She purred closing her eyes and enjoying the pleasure her fingers were providing.
"Were you a nice dirty fuck slut for him!" I said in a stern voice.
"I let him do whatever he wanted. He will fuck me again, but you cant watch. I'm keeping him to myself!" She giggled.
I smiled inwardly, pleased with myself for recording the whole session.
"You can fuck him again but you must bring your fucked ass and pussy to me, to fill with my spunk!" I ordered.
"Give me your cock honey! I need to be fucked again! I've been very naughty tonight!" She purred, squirming and writhing on her invading fingers.
"I'm going to fuck your ass then cum in your mouth!" I snarled.
Suzi liked the assertive me.
"Please! Fuck my ass and give me your spunk! I'm your dirty slut whore!" She whispered, her eyes open wide, staring at me lustfully.
I dropped my trousers, kicking my trousers and shoes off, hurtling them across the lounge. My shirt was unbuttoned and almost ripped from my body. My erect cock was jutting upward, as hard as its ever been, as I knelt between Suzi's legs.
My cock rested at her red hot asshole as it slipped effortlessly inside her well fucked ass.
She thrust her hips upwards, meeting my cock with each thrust, as she begged me to fuck her like a slut!
"Give it to me! Give me your cock! I'm your slut!" She whispered erotically.
I could smell his cock and spunk on her warm breath, as her panting wafted toward my face.
I grabbed her breasts, twisting the nipples almost violently as she squirmed beneath me, thrusting her ass onto my hard cock.
"You love cock you dirty slut! I can smell his cock and spunk on your slut breath! You're a dirty spunk whore!" I snarled, twisting her nipples, then spitting directly into her open mouth.
Suzi squirmed with sexual bliss at my treatment of her.
"Please fuck me! I love cock and spunk! I'm your dirty spunk whore! Squirt inside me!" She pleaded as a powerful orgasm surged through her.
"I'll spunk in. Your mouth and you'll swallow every nasty drop!" I insisted "Come and taste your ass on my cock while I flood your slut throat with spunk!"
Suzi jumped off my cock and rushed to my cock, almost in a panic as she shrouded her beautiful lips over my rampant cock. Suzi sucked and rolled her tongue on my cock head as my little slit opened and spunk began squirting out of my cock, almost choking her with force.
Suzi sucked my cock like never before as my spunk slithered down her cum lined throat.
Suzi was licking and sucking my cock with the same kind of worship she applied to her lovers cock. Her half closed lust filled eyes were looking into my own eyes, as she kept my deflating cock in her mouth. Her left hand went down to her pussy, rubbing her clitoris and labia tenderly. Her eyes rolled with pleasure as she brought herself to another orgasm. My cock slipped out of her as she began breathing heavily during her orgasm.
"I can't believe how much of a slut you are!" I grinned, looking down at my post orgasmic wife, blissfully stretching out in her splendid sexy lingerie.
"I can't believe how much of a slut you allow me to be!" She smiled "I love you honey!"