If you haven't read the previous chapter of this story, then please do read it and comment on the story. This chapter is a continuation of the second chapter.
All the characters in this story are above 18.
Hey guys, after a long time I am back on my new adventure.
It has been a long since my last story because I was busy with my job interviews, and finally I have secured a job far away from my hometown. I am living here in Goa sharing an apartment with my colleague.
My colleague doesn't even have a hint that I am an exhibitionist. We both have seen each other naked like all other girls staying together in hostel or apartments do. The first time we both saw each other naked, we had compared each other's body. While she had small perky boobs I was having a medium shaped round boobs, her ass cheeks were of skinny girls compared to that I had a very good curvy ass cheeks, she had a good amount of pubic hair but I was bald out there although at present we both are bald, because she was fascinated after seeing my clean shaven pussy.
The first time when she saw my toy collection, she had a shocked expression on her face. I remember, she had asked me "why do you alone need these many toys?". I had answered her question saying that "This is not my whole collection. I have left some of my collection at home for my mother". She was still more shocked to hear that even my mother knew this. At present, we both share my toy collection while watching porn together.
She had also asked me, "why didn't I have any inner wear to wear for myself?". I had told her that "there was no use because my boobs were not saggy and also I hated getting panty lines on my western dresses."
Fine, now I will narrate the story of my new adventure.
From many days I have started searching for a suitable bikini for me on all online platforms available in India for shopping, but I was not able to find the suitable piece of bikini that I needed. So I decided to buy it from a shop in Goa. I always had only dreamt of wearing a bikini for beach and walking around, but now my dream was going to become real.
I had decided on a beach where foreigners were more populated, so that I will not be filmed by any pervert guys. I saw the beach had many beautiful fair girls wearing bikinis and fair men wearing knee-length shorts or briefs. No girls wore more revealing bikinis, so I decided to buy the most revealing bikini from the store because I needed attention from every eye around there.
When I planned my visit to beach I had decided to walk around naked but I was scared of being fined by the coast guards there.
I searched for the best bikini store on the street and found one which appeared to have the sexiest bikinis. I entered the shop. There was one girl in her mid twenties hanging up different kinds of bikinis to showcase.
"Good morning mam, how can I help you?" She asked, her face expressing the surprise of seeing an Indian girl inside a bikini store.
"Good morning," I greeted her back and said, "I know that no Indian girl wears a bikini on an Indian beach except she doesn't have an Indian skin complexion."
She smiled.
"Can you get me some designs of g-string bikini?" I asked her.
Firstly, she was shocked seeing an Indian girl inside her bikini store. Now I saw a different type of shocked expression on her face listening that a girl is asking for g-string bikini to wear it on an Indian beach.
"Sure," she said and turned.
"Hey wait," I called her and said "I know that no one wears revealing bikinis on Indian beach, but I want you to know that I am an exhibitionist,"
"Oh! You are good at recognising facial expressions," she said. " I will get you the best collection I have."
I waited about two minutes, then she came back with three bikinis.
"It took a little while to fetch this. I am sorry I don't have many revealing bikini collections because everyone who comes here buys only simple bikinis," she said.
"It's ok, show me what you have."
I was glad that she had properly guessed what type of bikini I needed. Out of three bikinis, one was white and one was neon and another one was radium orange. All the bikinis had the same amount of cloth in it, which would barely cover my crotch and areolas.
"I have selected the cloth materials which would go transparent if it is wet, is it ok?" she questioned.
"I can't get wet on this beach because of the salty water," I said, disappointed. "It will make me feel sticky."
"I think you should try your size," she said.
I picked up the white one and asked her the direction for the trial room.
"Sorry mam, we don't have any trial room here but um...... I hope you won't mind changing here," she said and grinned.
I saw around the shop, there was a glass wall at the front of the store and the other three sides had concrete walls. I imagined how it would feel if someone saw me from the front side of the shop. The thought itself made me feel wet down there.
"It's ok for me to try the bikini here," I said and lifted the hem of my dress, which ended knee length and removed it.
"Wow.....you don't wear your inner wear?" She questioned.
First, I saw through the glass wall if I had any audience but there was none and then I replied to her that I had stopped wearing my inner wear from a long back.
I took out the bikini top and held it against my boobs, and tied the string behind my neck and back. It didn't hide my boobs completely, but covered my areolas and a small part of skin. I pinched my nipples to make it hard, then I saw my nipple poking through the material.
Next, I picked up the bikini bottom and slid it up. Till then I didn't know how wet I was. As soon as I wore my bikini bottom, my pussy was exposed through the material because as soon as I wore it, my pussy juice wetted the cloth and made the material transparent. Even the shopkeeper was surprised to see how wet I was. Then I checked the back part. It was perfect. A thread slid through my ass crack, which was widened further when it reached my pussy from down.
"I think this set is perfect for me," I stated.
"It suits you good," she told.
"Please pack this white one," I said.
"It is better you keep your belongings here and walk towards the beach, because there are no locker security facilities on the shore for you to keep your things safe," she informed.
"Ok" I said and kept my dress inside the side bag and handed it to her, keeping a towel with me.
My pussy was drenching my bikini bottom more and more because of the thought of walking a long distance to the beach. I knew that the only person to walk through the streets wearing the skimpiest bikini was me.
I told the shopkeeper that I would collect my side bag later in the evening.
She nodded and gave me a bottle of water and high heels.
"I don't need water now,"
"It is not to drink, just spill it on your bikini," she said, making a naughty expression.
I spill the water all over my bikini top and bottom. Now both the materials turned transparent. Then I removed my sandals and put on the high heels.
After putting on those heels, I understood why she gave it to me. When I walked wearing those heels, my ass cheeks swayed to the sides and jiggled more than with sandals.
I knew how every eye would penetrate through my body outside.
"Now you can go," she said and smiled.
As soon as I stepped outside the shop, I felt a tingle inside my pussy, which made me more confident.
With my first step, I swayed my ass as far as possible. Heels had given me a good posture, which added some beauty to my sexy slender legs.
Many guys stared at me on my way. I knew that most of them would have thought 'she is yet to reach the beach, but how is her bikini wet?'.
Most of the guys were dissatisfied, because they did not know how to concentrate on boobs, jiggling ass and pussy at the same time.
When I reached nearer to the shore, my bikini top had dried because of my body heat, but my bottom was still wet. I searched for a shop which sold water bottles to wet the material again. As I moved further towards beach searching for shop, I found two to three showers on the shore which were kept to help people clean their bodies, which would be drenched in sand while they return from the beach.
I went near the showers, with towel and heels in my hand because I couldn't walk through the sand wearing that high heels. I again watered my top and turned out in the direction of the board, which read as locker facilities. Then I got to know that the shopkeeper had arranged a good platform for my exhibition.
I walked on the beach where many foreigners were sunbathing. I stole every foreigners' attention with my transparent cloth. I spotted a place on the beach where it was most populated and lay my towel there.
After a while, I saw a man lying about four to five steps beside me. He was wearing a yellow colour speedo. That speedo was only just capable of covering his genitals. His body was very well built. I felt somewhat turned on seeing his genitals. When I lifted my sight from his genitals to face, I felt embarrassed, because he was watching me all the while. I suddenly turned my gaze towards the beach.
"Indian?" He asked, still facing me.
"Yeah, what about you?" I asked, avoiding eye contact.
"Indian" he replied.
After this small conversation, there was an awkward silence in between us.
"Where are you from?" I asked, still avoiding eye contact.
"Mumbai, where are you from?" He asked.
"Kerala," I replied, making eye contact for the first time.
"I think it is better we move to some deserted place on this beach," he said.
I saw his face with a shocked expression.
"Why are you surprised? I just mentioned it, so that we can talk there in total silence rather than shouting here," he said.
"Ok, let's go," I said and stood up, collecting my towel.
We walked through the people around us and reached a little farther away from the beach. Throughout the walk, I walked a little front to him so that he would get a good view of my ass.
"What about here?" he asked when we reached far away from the people.
I nodded and spread my towel.
"You look beautiful and sexy in this bikini," he said, and winked.
"You too look hot and handsome," I replied.
After having some useless talks, he suddenly placed his hands on my thighs and asked, "hope you know that your bikini has turned transparent". This question of him made me understand that he had thought that my bikini had turned transparent accidentally.
His hand on my thighs felt awesome. I nodded and said that I am an exhibitionist.
He then slowly started to move his fingers on my thighs. I thought should I deny his touch, but my pussy had control over my brain.
"Are you committed to someone?" He questioned, now pressing my thighs smoothly.
I shook my head.
After rubbing my thighs for a while, he came closer to me and lifted my face by chin and placed a peck on my lips. His lips were warm and juicy. Then he moved back to his towel and sat on it.
"Come and sit on my lap," he said.
I got up from my towel and made sure that no one was watching us and sat on his lap, facing him.
He then put his one hand behind my head and pushed it forward towards him, connecting our lips. We both kissed each other for some time, playing with our tongues and teeth. Then we both stopped to breathe, making eye contact. I saw his eyes were totally filled with lust. Then again, we both connected our lips, but this time his one hand was fondling with my boobs and I was feeling something hard near my genital area. He then slowly slid his lips towards my neck and started to lick it. He then further moved down, licking and kissing my upper right boob. After about ten seconds, he made a sudden halt.
"You don't taste salty. How is your bikini wet?" he questioned.
"I wetted it with a water bottle," I replied.
"Hard exhibitionist," he said and again buried his head inside my cleavage. Then I removed my bikini and kept it aside and lay on my back. Meanwhile he removed his speedo brief and mounted upon me.
He started to suck my nipples. Then he slowly moved towards my navel hole and started to lick around my navel hole and sometimes also poked his tongue inside my navel hole. After a while, he again came back up near my boobs and made me lift my hand and started to lick my armpit. Then again, he went down, licking my whole body. When he reached near my pussy, he skipped them and directly went near my thighs. He slowly licked and bit my thighs. Then he slowly started to lick my pussy and clit with the time interval.
He licked my pussy till my leg started shaking for my first orgasm. Then and there, my juices flowed from my pussy into his mouth. He licked my pussy till the last drop and asked me to give him a blowjob lying on his back.
I slowly examined his dick. It was brown but was not as big as that I saw in some porn videos. He was a bit hairy over there. After examining I slowly brought my hand towards his dick. It was hard, but still the skin felt very soft. Then I stroked his dick for sometime and started to lick its tip, gradually taking it inside till my throat. I had seen some girls licking balls in videos but his balls were hairy, so I decided not to lick them. After about two minutes, he told me to stop and made me lie on my back, spreading my legs.
He then slowly entered into me. It was a lot more different from the dildo. It gave me more pleasure and butterflies inside my stomach.
After some strokes in and out, I saw a couple walking on the shore in our direction.
"Hey, there's someone coming," I said. I couldn't talk properly due to the pleasure.
He saw in their direction, as they neared to us, his gentle strokes turned furious. He started to fuck the shit out of me. I was shaking to my next orgasm.
I saw where the couple had reached. To my shock, they were watching us with a numb expression on their face. They had reached near to us and stopped a few meters away to see what was happening.
As they watched us, I orgasmed there. When he saw the couple were watching us, he stopped fucking me and brought his dick near my mouth. I again took his dick inside my mouth. As soon as I took his dick inside my mouth, he drained his balls into my mouth and some on my boobs. It felt awkward to drink his cum but still it was tasty. Then I rubbed his cum on my chest to my boobs.
We both kissed each other to the lips and only then we turned towards the couple. They both were smiling at us. They were also Indians and had come for a walk to the beach. They both were in their mid forties. Finally, they bid goodbye to us and headed towards their way.
"I am sure that uncle will be hard on his bed today." He said.
I laughed and said, "it is better that we both leave now."
He nodded and stood up to walk our way back.
We both wore our beach dress. I saw his dick it was so small and cute compared to that of before.
When we reached near the public shower, I was feeling sticky all over my skin because of his cum and saliva all over my body. So I decided to take a shower there. After my shower, we exchanged our numbers and bid goodbye to each other.
Once again, I was fresh and transparent after my shower. I walked all my way back to the store wearing my heels.
"Good afternoon. How was your day?" the shopkeeper asked me.
I told her the whole day's story, including the locker facility that I found on the shore. She was happy hearing to my story. Then I changed there inside the shop and boarded a cab to our apartment.
***********************
I opened the door to the apartment and entered it.
I searched for my colleague, but she was nowhere to be seen. Then I heard the sound inside the bathroom, which confirmed that she was bathing.
I sat on the bed and thought of how I used to stay naked the whole day at home. I missed those days. As I thought of that, I was aware of my dress and removed it. When I searched for my night dress, my colleague came out of the bathroom. She was naked and had only wrapped a towel around her head.
"I just came in and was changing my dress," I said, giving the reason for my nakedness.
"It's periods time," she stated sadly.
"It's ok" I said to comfort her and took out a pair of tight white shorts and a blue colour spaghetti strap camisole to wear.
"Shit! " she screamed.
"What?" I questioned.
"I am out of my sanitary pads," she said.
"I can help you out with my tampons," I told her.
"Please give me one," she asked.
Instead of wearing my dress, I fetched a tampon and gave it to her.
"Thank you," she said and removed the tampon covers and tried to insert it into her pussy, but she was not able to insert it.
"I can't do this," she said.
"I will help you," I said and asked her to sleep in bed.
We had seen each other naked before but we never had touched each others body.
I went near her and told her to relax. Then, I caught hold of her knee and made her to spread her legs wide.
"Wait!!" she screamed when I was about to touch her pussy.
I saw her face with a confused expression.
"Wash your hands before you touch it. It may cause infection over there," she said.
I had never thought of washing my hands. I went inside the bathroom, washed my hands and came back. She was still lying on the bed with her legs wide.
I went near her and sat in between her legs. Her pussy looked more delicate due to the impact of periods. I saw her face. She was a little anxious because this was the first time that anyone had touched her body. So I decided to tease her a bit.
I placed my one hand on her thighs and directed the other one to the gap in between her anal hole and pee hole. I saw her face, she had closed her eyes, and she had fisted her hands clutching the bed sheet. I took both my hands and opened her pussy lips. She was already wet and her clit was also erect.
I intentionally made her pussy to stretch its most possible. Her pussy walls had blood marks on it. I took out the tampon and inserted it inside her pussy, then I released her pussy lips. They closed the opening making tampon to disappear inside.
"It's over," I said as I got up from the bed.
"Can you please give me my dress? These cramps are not letting me move from here," she said, holding her stomach.
"Don't mind about dress. Just put on that blanket and sleep. I will prepare for dinner," I said to her with a smile.
She drew the blanket over her and closed her eyes. I knew she would wake up late, but still I decided to dress instead of being naked. I took up the white shorts that I had already fetched out from the wardrobe and wore it. My ass looked more firm in that tight shorts. Then I wore my camisole, which exposed a possible amount of cleavage. I loved wearing these types of dresses, but not more than that of staying naked.
After wearing it, I fetched my phone out. It showed notification from the guy I had met earlier today. I had saved his name as "UNKNOWN". I opened his message.
Unknown:- Free tonight?
"yes, do you have any plan?" I replied.
Unknown:- yup, how about pub?
Me:- excited
Unknown:- Meet me near sector 114 at 8 pm.
Me:- ok :-)
***************************
I was five minutes earlier than the time he had said.
He stopped his car in front of me and opened the front door. I got in as he scanned my dress.
"We are not going to any marriage function. We have planned to join a pub nearby," he said, pointing out my dress.
"I don't wear exhibitionist dresses. I prefer accidental exhibitionism," I said.
"Whatever, we are gonna buy a new outfit for you now," he said.
"Your wish," I replied.
We drove towards the mall, parking lot was on the 6th floor, which was the top floor of the building. 5th floor consisted of a pub and a film theatre.
"We will buy you some dress and come back here," he suggested, standing in front of the pub we were supposed to go.
I nodded, and we both got on the lift.
We reached the ground floor and headed towards the shop where one man and three girls were appointed.
As we entered the shop, the men who stood there came up to us with a packed dress in his hand and handed it to us.
"Thank you," we both said in unison.
We came out of the shop and once again boarded the lift.
"You will change your dress once we reach the 5th floor," he said.
"But where?" I questioned.
"Girls washroom," he said.
I was relieved that he didn't suggest that I change my dress behind the bushes or anything.
I entered women's toilet and opened the packet he had given me. It consisted of a skater skirt and off shoulder top. I removed my dress and wore both the outfit I was given.
The skirt ended a little above than my mid thigh, but I felt more exposed without any underwear. The top was off shoulder one, it extended from upper breasts till a little above my navel hole. Top didn't have any laces or straps to tie up with, it hung to my skin with its elastic material. Before I went outside, I checked myself in the mirror. It felt like a slut to wear such a short dress, because this was the first time I dressed this way. All my previous adventures were suitable for situations I was in.
I folded my dress neatly and went out to see him standing there holding my handbag.
"You are a hot chick for tonight!" He exclaimed.
I felt shy and ended up answering Thank you.
"Party will start at 9. How about some shopping?," he said.
"I can't wear this dress," I said. I knew the consequences of dressing like a slut in India.
"Ok, don't be too shy. There are other girls who wear these stuffs around. You will get to know once you enter inside," he said to comfort me and headed towards the pub entrance.
There were two bouncers dressed in all black near the entrance who opened the door for us. As soon as I entered the pub, I felt a little relieved after seeing other girls in short skirts and tops.
We both went to the table on the other end and sat on the sofa. He called the waiter and ordered tequila shots for both of us.
"Sorry, I don't drink," I stated.
"It is better to say I haven't rather than say I don't," he said, placing his hand on my thighs.
I smiled.
"Lift your skirt up," he said, looking into my eyes.
I stood up and lifted my skirt and sat, placing my bare ass on the sofa. He then slowly slid his finger inside my pussy, only then I knew how wet I was. He then pulled out his finger and started to rub my clit till the waiter bought us the order.
I saw around the pub now there were more people than earlier. There were more girls wearing short dresses.
When the waiter reached to us, he placed his hands on the table. When the waiter went off, to my surprise, he took one ice cube from the ice bowl and placed it on my pussy.
Suddenly, I felt butterflies in my stomach. I caught hold of his arms very tightly. He then slowly pushed ice cube after ice cube inside my pussy till four ice cubes were in. I felt like forcing them out, but it was creating wonders inside my pussy.
After a few wonderful, amazing, extraordinary minutes, the water which flowed from my pussy formed a pool on the sofa. After all the ice cubes turned to water, I asked him to dance with me.
"Sure, but there is a change to be made,"
"Change?" I questioned.
"Yeah," he said, pulling down my off shoulder top till the upper part of my areola was visible.
"Now you look awesome," he said.
We both headed towards the dance floor and started to dance. Many boys stared at me and more on my half visible areolas.
After about ten minutes, I felt like peeing. So I told him that I needed to pee and left the dance floor.
I entered ladies washroom. It welcomed me with large mirrors and wash basins near the entrance. And about three toilets beside the mirror. I checked myself in the mirror. I felt aroused after watching the way how slutty I looked. I entered one of the toilet, lifted my skirt and touched my pussy. It still felt cold. I saw the stream starting from my pussy falling into the toilet. After I finished, I came out and saw a girl checking herself out in the mirror. She was wearing a red colour tube top that ended near her knee. It stuck to her body, making the panty line visible.
"Hello" I greeted.
"Hi" she said, turning back.
"Is it necessary to wear a panty?" I asked her as I walked near the mirror.
"Why are you asking that to me?" She asked, confused.
"Your panty lines look worst. You better remove it,"
She checked herself and nodded. When she was about to lift her dress in order to remove her panties, I told her to stop.
"Not here. Come with me," I said, pulling her hand.
I took her out near the table where I was sitting earlier and asked her to sit and called the waiter.
"Order please ma'am," the waiter requested.
"Remove it and give it to him," I told to the girl. Both the waiter and she looked surprised. And to my luck, she removed her pink panties and gave it to the waiter.
"Please put it in the dustbin," I told the waiter.
After the waiter left, we both laughed and bade goodbyes to each other.
Finally, after a minute, I found him on the dance floor and we both took our leave and he dropped me near my apartment.