The day started out as so many had so far that summer: me standing in my bathroom, flexing for myself and inspecting the progress of all the hard work I had been putting in to achieve my goal of a full self-improvement make-over before heading off to freshman year of college. My biceps had grown significantly, as had my pec muscles, abs, and quads, but what I was most proud of was the growth between those quads. Even before I reached down to rub myself through the soft material of my gym shorts, I could already see the faint outline of my head as it strained for the bottom hem of the leg hole for a glimpse of daylight.
When I reached a hand inside the top of the elastic waistline and flopped my soft cock over the band, it fell with a loud thud against the sink. Much like a puppy who is oblivious to his wagging tail, it appeared I had still not fully gotten used to my flailing appendage's new radius. I grabbed it back up and stroked it gently in admiration. The reflection in the mirror still astounded me, as if I was watching a porn star getting warmed up before a scene instead of an 18-year-old kid, who had never even kissed a girl let alone pounded her senseless as it seemed so many of the videos portrayed.
The loud buzzing noise of my phone on the bathroom counter finally snapped me back to reality, and I was taken aback at the fact that both my hands were tightly wrapped around my meaty manhood which was now rock hard. I quickly stuffed my erection back into my shorts and grabbed my phone to check the notification.
"Pool party at Dana's tonight"!
My eyes darted back to the mirror. Shock. Awe. Excitement. A myriad of emotions ran through me all at once. At first, I was ecstatic to finally have a legitimate reason to show off my hard-earned new physique, but then I glanced down and was overwhelmed with a rash of panic. In my - heightened state - my friend was a little too anxious for attention and instead of the normal small tent in the front of my shorts that would have been embarrassing enough to deal with, I was now faced with a fully outstretched leg hole that had been strained upwards until not only the head, but about an inch of shaft was proudly bestowed.
"Can't wait," I replied, and snuck to my room to see if the netting in my bathing suits would tame the one-eyed beast lurking beneath.
Of the three options presented, only one seemed truly plausible. The first of my swimsuits was from several years prior, and I remembered them being tight even then. Before I even pulled the trunks past my knees, I felt the material scrunch around my thighs. Sure enough, I wasn't even able to get the waistline in place before needing to adjust the semi-hard eel I had ensnared in the tight fisher's net lining. Once I had wrestled it into submission, I confirmed my suspicions in the mirror on the opposite side of my bed and nearly burst out in laughter at the ridiculous bulge in the crotch in what looked like an overstuffed kielbasa sausage folded over itself.
I peeled those off, tossed them on my bed, and picked up the second option. Just holding it up to my body made me scoff. I remember my mother forcing me to buy the skimpy speedo swim trunks on a vacation to England a summer ago, and me hating them even then. As if my scrawny frame needed any help to get me picked on and ridiculed at the beach, the tight material left very little to the imagination. Figuring it would at least be worth a laugh, I stepped my legs through the holes and yanked the spandex up. The coil of my now flaccid member piled on top of the squished sack beneath it created a softball sized bean bag tumor to jut out in front, which was only made more ridiculous by the fact that on either side were googly eyed testicles.
By default, a modest pair of loose-fitting board shorts that came about mid-thigh won out. The originally bright shorts had faded through years of use to a dull, pastel orange, and the elastic netting inside them had long since given up the tug of war battle. Regardless, the drawstring still tied tight in front and held them in place on my hips. I turned to inspect my reflection from all angles and was pleased that there was no comical bulge in the crotch or other immediately apparent fashion faux pas. With my decision made, I stripped them off again and went about my morning routine.
My mid-morning workout went extra well, as I had the added motivation of getting a nice body pump in order to present the best possible body at the party. After my usual circuit, my body still craved more, so I decided to go for a run in order to burn off some of the extra energy. I threw on my shoes and was out the door in a flash.
The first two blocks of my usual route are mostly through quiet side streets with very little traffic, so I am able to run in the street instead of up on the uneven sidewalks. When I checked my smart watch, I was shocked to see I was on pace to beat my personal best by over a whole minute. I attributed my quicker time to the slight breeze I felt to my back, but couldn't help but feel an extra bounce in my step as I made the turn toward the slight uphill stretch that opened to a large public park.
Unsurprisingly, the park was packed with people since it was a moderate, sunny day. Several elderly women donning coordinated track suits power walked around the all-weather track, a large group of people played a game of pick-up volleyball, as well as a large number of smaller groups and individuals sporadically spaced out in the park who laid on blankets or the grass to tan or simply take in the lovely day. As I approached the group of women on the track, I smiled and waved.
One of the women said something and another gave her a playful slap on the arm and then waved at me. With my headphones in, I couldn't make out what she had said, but continued on my way. As I rounded the corner of the track, I saw a group of girls who graduated last year and must've come home from college seated in a circle on the inside of the track in the opposite corner. From my peripheral, I noticed one of them nudge another and nod my way. My insides were a flutter, but I did my best to focus on my breath and pretend I hadn't noticed them.
Since I knew I had an audience, I increased my gate even further and felt my heart pumping in my chest...and not just because of the running. A quick check of my watch confirmed both my pulse and pace were elevated past my normal levels. The glance to my watch, of course, was a thinly veiled attempt to sneak another peek to the girls, who were now all turned to me. I heard what I thought were cat calls followed by giggles and strained not to look.
Once I was past the girls, I slowed to my normal stride. The change in step caused an awkward shift of weight and I nearly stumbled. I felt a rush of embarrassment, as I was sure the girls had all just seen me almost tumble, but that anxiety was instantly replaced when the shuffle also drew something else to my attention.
I glanced down, and noticed that, in my haste to get out the door, I had forgotten to put on my loose gym shorts over my compression boxers that I typically work out in. My face must have turned into a crimson red, as I came to terms with the reality that I was a thin, stretched out, spandex fabric away from frolicking in public bottomless. To make matters worse, the attention from the girls had made an unmistakable and completely obvious impact on me as the limits of the tight compression shorts were further tested.
Whether it was my own paranoia or reality, I felt the eye of every park-goer on me as I made a concerted effort to not jiggle; the only problem was, that in doing so, I also slowed my pace and shortened my gate which would only mean longer exposure. After a quick internal weighing of the pros and cons, I reasoned that I would shortly be wearing even less clothing at a pool party and this was a good way to get comfortable with any nerves I may have.
No sooner had the decision been made than I was confronted with the repercussions of it. The group of older women were turning the corner to approach me and I swore I could see their heads bounce in unison as their eyes were locked in on my crotch.
My wrist lifted to my face, I opened my stride to a light sprint, and I could actually feel my cock beat against my thighs as it drummed back and forth with each step. Curiosity got the better of me, and I quickly touched the screen of my watch to pause the music in my headphones just in time to overhear the women as I passed by them.
"If I was only twenty years younger, I might be getting a different workout," one of them snickered.
"Oh Julie, you wouldn't know what to do with all that," another jabbed back. "Besides, you've got Frank at home. If anyone needs a workout like that, it's Bev. It's probably been twenty years since she's even seen one. Let alone felt it".
The group continued to barb back and forth, the whole time staring directly at my bouncing baton. I couldn't believe these women who could easily be my grandmother were so openly discussing this. What was even more bewildering though, was my body's reaction to their shameless advances.
As I passed them and made the turn to the other side of the field, I slowed my pace again to a quick jog and reached a hand down to adjust my crotch. When my hand reached the front of my compression shorts, I recoiled as I hadn't fully grasped my predicament. Despite being folded over itself, my half-engorged member was aching for attention and relief of the incredibly tight wrapping it was engulfed in.
It quickly became obvious that my run for the day was doomed for disaster, and I decided to cut it short and head home to relieve some tension. The only problem was, in order to do so, I would need to run directly past the group of girls that were already anticipating my approach.
A gazelle prancing in front of lionesses. The hunger in their eyes was apparent, and one literally was licking her lips as I jogged past. Somehow, I was able to escape unscathed and was on my way out of the park toward home.
Once I was out of eyeshot, I again reached down to adjust myself and felt the base of my swollen appendage leading down my right leg of the shorts. While I kept stride, my hand ventured further down my leg until it reached the enflamed head that was testing the tensile strength of the band at the bottom of the leg hole.
Before I could control myself, my finger reflexively dragged along the underside of the mushroom head which sent a shiver up my spine and an additional surge of blood to meet my hand. Just as I was beginning to enjoy myself, my world came crashing down again. Suddenly, I remembered the volleyball game that was going on and I turned my head with a glimmer of hope that no one had noticed me fondling myself through my shorts.
Of course, that was a wasted wish as I was greeted by an entire group of people staring wide-eyed at me, their ball rolling slowly toward me. I attempted to play it off as having an itch, and tugged again at the thin material of my shorts before I bent over, grabbed the ball, and tossed it back to the closest player without breaking step.
It seemed odd at first that the player didn't catch the ball, but just let it hit him in the chest and roll to his feet again. I quickly understood why as I took my next step and felt a sharp thwap on my right thigh. I couldn't dare look or readjust and figured the damage had been done, plus it would only be worse if I drew further attention to it. With a quick wave and smile to the thirty something looking man who just stood, slack-jawed, I darted off before he or anyone else could react.
Once out of the park, I quickly stuffed my hand down the front of my shorts and retrieved my arrent friend and wrapped my semi-hard dick around my hip to ensure it didn't continue its barrage of strikes on my thigh. I swiftly made my way home without further incident and was barely inside my bedroom door before I ripped my shorts down my thighs and saw a clear red mark from the assault.
Never in my life did I expect that some grandmas and a wardrobe malfunction in front of a stranger in a park would have me so hot and bothered, but in no time at all my two fists were a blur of impassioned, piston-like force. I had turned on the shower already and stood in front of the mirror admiring my own show.
My left hand stroked furiously up and down my shaft while my right hand reached up to my mouth to gather a quick mouth full of spit. Once the saliva covered the head it started to drip down and threatened to fall to the ground. I slightly tilted my cock back upwards and dropped my hips down to keep the lubricant where I needed it.
My gaze drifted back to the mirror and I was amazed to see that, in my slightly hunched position, the tip of my head was a mere inch away from my lips. I had noticed my cock sliding up my belly toward my chest in a bizarre dick-growth-chart, but had thought nothing of it. Originally starting just under my belly button, it now proudly rested under my pecs. I pulled back and let loose with a wet smack against the middle of my chest.
Once again admiring the cloudy reflection in the mirror, I took on both roles in my own porno and grabbed the base of my fleshy crop whip and playfully smacked my nipples until they were both fully erect. The sharp sting felt oddly nice, and I instantly understood why so many of the videos I'd watched over the years featured this staple move before initial insertion.
My newfound sexual awakening was pitifully brought to an abrupt end as there came a sharp knock on the door and I heard a very annoyed, "Don't use up all the hot water, you've been in there forever," from my father on the ither side of the door.
Once my temporary paralysis wore off, I hopped in the shower and wrestled my indignant boner every step of the way as I tried to wash myself and it tried to finish what we had started. As I was rinsing the conditioner from my hair, my erection had finally given up the struggle and subsided enough for me to tuck it between my legs and wrap a towel around my waist to make the trek to my room to get dressed for the party.
Luckily, when I emerged from my room, my family was settled in for family movie night. I made a dash for the door and was on my bike and pedaling for Dana's pool party before the garage door had even fully closed behind me. I was one of about twenty or so students left without their own car which further ostracized me in school but I liked the exercise of my bike, or so I told myself to numb the sting of not having one.
Loud music could be heard from about four houses down, and I recognized a few cars as I rode up. I figured it wasn't even worth knocking on the door, and once my bike had sufficiently been hidden on the side of the house. I walked right in and tossed my backpack with my wallet, keys, and phone on the couch in the living room. As I made my way through the kitchen to the back door, I stopped dead in my tracks as I turned and saw the congregation outside.
Sprawled out on beach loungers, jumping around in the pool, or otherwise galivanting in the bright floodlights was every one of the cutest girls from school; not more than a skimpy bikini on any of them. There were five or six guys sprinkled in the mix as well, but they were white noise comparatively.
"I know, right. Crazy!" a voice said from behind before a hand slapped me on the shoulder.
My friend since second grade, Bill, and I stood behind the glass door and watched in amazement as all the girls we grew up yearning for and secretly crushing on our entire lives now all stood in their enclosure of some perverted zoo concocted in our wettest of dreams.
"Damn dude. You been working out or something?" Bill continued as he now rubbed the shoulder he was still clasping. I shook off his arm and he looked insulted for a nanosecond before rambling on. "You know how Dana tutors Tiffany's little brother? Well, she was over at their house and told him that her parents were out of town. Anyway, Tiffany hears them, and all of a sudden, her and all her friends want to come over for a little end-of-summer party".
"Let me get this straight. The girl you know I've had a crush on since as long as we've known each other invited herself over to our friend's house and you just send me a 'pool party at Dana's' text?" I scolded him and drew his attention to my old swimming trunks and ill-fitting t-shirt. "If I would've known Tiffany-Fucking-Finnigan was going to be here-"
"You would've freaked out and not come," Bill interjected. I would've been more upset if I didn't know he was 100 percent right. "Besides, your suit is fine, and it's a pool party so just take your shirt off and you're good".
Some times our best friends know us better than ourselves. Bill was not going to let me slip into the spiral of self-doubt, or worse yet, run for my bike like I was planning in my head. The glass door whooshed open in a loud, clumsy clammer and Bill shoved me through it and into the lit back yard.
Dana was already visibly tipsy as she threw her arms high above her head and ran up to greet us. She wrapped me in her arms and her wet hair smacked me in the face as she tightly squeezed me in a full bear hug. I could feel my shirt instantly soak and even heard the squish of water as her swimsuit rung out the moisture as our bodies crammed against each other.
She finally pulled back from our long embrace and took an exaggerated hop back. "Do you like my new suit," she sang and twirled with her hands above her head. "Tiffy and I got it when we went shopping today".
Though I had been friends with Dana for our entire high school careers, I had somehow never noticed just how well-endowed she was. Maybe I wasn't the only one who had gone through some changes over the summer. Her tiny 5'1" frame was usually covered in loose fitting hoodies and over-sized t-shirts. Even when we had gone swimming over the years, she always wore one-piece suits and left her shirt on even after going in the water. Tonight however, the dark brown curls of her wet hair were thicker than the slinky bikini strings that tied back behind her head and middle of her back. Those flimsy strings, in turn, did little to hold the teeny triangles of soft blue material in place as Dana continued to jump and dance in place. The mix of excitement, cold pool water, and intoxication had the normal effect on Dana and I couldn't help but notice the subtle hint of her nipples straining against the thin material as her grapefruit sized breasts swayed with her.
Dana's face took a pouty expression before I could answer her evidently rhetorical question. "Oh no, look at you. I got your shirt all wet. Let's just get that off of you," she ordered and clutched the bottom of my shirt before I could refute.
In a blur, my shirt was ripped up my torso, and Dana clumsily fumbled as she drunkenly tip-toed and tried to get my shirt over my head. My arms were tangled, so I was largely unable to help her for what must have been comical to look at for all the other party goers. My assumptions were half correct as I was met with snickers and some bewildering scowls once I was relieved of my soaked shirt.
"Perfect!" Dana exclaimed and took my hand and lead me toward the pool. "You're actually just in time. I need a partner for chicken. Tiffany and Brian have been putting on a clinic, so we gotta take them down," she drunkenly stammered.
Dana continued to pull me through the crowd of fellow students, not allowing me to say hi or even acknowledge anyone along the way. I gave slight head nods and awkward waves with my free hand as I was drawn along. Before I knew it, we were standing along the edge of her massive inground pool. I hadn't had a chance to gather my thoughts before I looked down and saw Tiffany propped on Brian's shoulders, her arms triumphantly raised in a giant V.
Her trademark large-curled blonde hair cascaded over her majestic shoulders and reached just above the middle of her olive skinned, impeccably tanned back. The lily-white strings of her bikini top jumped out in sharp contrast and forced people's attention to be drawn to what little it covered of her impeccably toned body. As Brian turned below her, Tiffany bounced in victorious celebration and pumped her arms above her head. Tried as I might to not obviously gawk at this goddess' perfect body, her voluptuous form made it simply impossible. Add on top of that her jostling torso and raised arms and all were invited, no demanded, to give their undivided attention to see which would win: the frilly, slightly bunched squares of barely dampened fabric; or the bountiful gifts from God and genetics lottery cheaters Mr. and Mrs. Finnigan.
"Oh, that's it! Y'all are goin' down," Screamed Dana a split second before she leapt as high as she could and tucked into a perfect ball.
Not wanting all eyes to be on me after such a loud commotion, and also not one to let my teammate throw down a gauntlet alone, I was forced to follow suit and launch a second cannonball at Brian and Tiffany. After years of back yard swimming sessions, Dana and I had become quite accustomed to the subtle art of chicken fighting and she instinctively hopped on my shoulders before I even came up for air after us jumping in. It was to be a surprise attack!
Once my head broke the surface, I was greeted with a hero's welcome of applause and hollers from the crowd. Tiffany and Dana were already engaged in battle on our shoulders, so Brian and I could only give a gentleman's head nod as our arms clung desperately to our fighter's legs for balance. The water continued to swash and splash on my face, both from our cannonballs and the frantic kicking and flailing happening.
The roar from the crowd was hard to interpret with Dana's thighs wrapped tightly against my ears, but it sounded to generally be in our favor. I felt Dana's stomach pull sharply away from my head and sensed that she had been pushed off center and back hard. A quick glance up confirmed that Tiffany's frame was jutting forward and I got a sudden ping of jealousy as I noticed that in her current stance, Tiffany's coconut sized breasts were treating Brian's head to the world's softest and greatest head massage in recorded history.
Tiffany and Brian played right into our hand as Brian and I made eye contact and he lurched forward to put the finishing touch on their next victory. Dana intuitively reached her right foot behind my back, indicating my next move. I took a big step to the right just as Dana grabbed Tiffany's shoulder and pulled her to her and then gave a huge shove to the left. Brian and her toppled over and we heard an eruption from the rest of the party as we had emerged victorious!
Brian popped back up and slammed both fists on the water in a fit of rage. Tiffany rose from the depths like a glorious phoenix. It honestly felt like the entire moment was in slow motion as I watched her throw her hair back creating a semi-circle of water like it was a model in a bikini photo shoot. No sooner had she emerged than Brian was explaining why it wasn't a fair match and demanded a rematch. She popped back on his shoulders and we engaged in battle once more.
This second round lasted a little longer than the first, but we quickly gained the upper hand again and emerged victorious for a second straight time. Brian, undeterred by the similar results, pushed for a third match. Tiffany, Dana, and I all glanced at each other, then around at the rest of the party who had now lost interest in the whole thing.
"Fine, one more match, winner take all," taunted Brian who suddenly had a twinge of desperation in his voice.
With slight head nods from the three of us, he giddily went under water to allow tiffany to perch atop his shoulders once more. Dana gave my head a slight tap on the top and brought both feet back behind my shoulder blades. I knew this to mean she wanted me to charge Brian as soon as the match began. Our unspoken, finely-tuned craft was no match for the haphazard, brute force tactic of Brian and Tiffany's nonchalant, noncompetitive nature. As soon as Brian gave his count to three, I charged forward and Tiffany let out a shriek as she nearly crumbled off Brian's shoulders without being touched.
When she rose from the water this time, Tiffany didn't do her normal hair flip. Nor did she raise her arms and smooth her hair back as she also sometimes did. This time she rose, hunched forward, hair draped over her torso back into the water. It wasn't until I saw her arms crossed firmly in front of her that I understood what had happened. As luck would have it, the party seemed more concerned with Brian's tantrum as he quickly got out of the pool and immediately strode over to the table where a group was playing flip cup and demanded he be allowed to enter into the game.
Dana released her kung-fu grip of her legs on my shoulders and flipped backward into the pool as was her customary celebration. My eyes didn't move from their locked in gaze on Tiffany who was now reaching out with one hand while her other arm was now tightly crossed in front of her, smashing her ample cleavage together.
My eyes nearly bulged from my head as I feigned as though I didn't know what was happening and softly touched her shoulder. "You okay Tiff," I started. "You lose a contact or something"?
"shh," she scolded and pulled away from my touch. As she did, she also dipped lower in the pool so her torso was now back under water and at least mostly obscured from the rest of the party goers. "Oh my god, my stupid top came off," she stammered as she franticly darted around with her free hand.
At this point in the evening the sun had nearly gone down, but not enough to where anyone had turned on the outdoor lights which would also turn on the underwater pool lights as well. Tiffany's hair was still completely covering her face, so she couldn't really see too well and was largely counting on her free hand to find her missing top.
There was a slight moment where I wanted to let her struggle continue in the hopes that it might lead to my first complete view of the holiest of holy lands...her perfect breasts (if not a close second to another part of her anatomy). I didn't want to come off as a complete creep or just an in general ass hat, so I decided instead to play the role of innocent bystander/helper.
"Don't worry," I comforted. "It doesn't look like anyone noticed. They're too busy in their own shit, or making fun of cry baby Brian throwing his little pity party". I glanced around and didn't see her top floating anywhere in the pool in our immediate vicinity. Tiffany wasn't able to help much as she was mostly interested in covering herself. "I'm not trying to be a jerk, but I really don't see it anywhere," I said apologetically.
Tiffany groaned loudly and as she turned her back to me, I felt a tap on my thigh from underwater. As I turned to see who it was, Dana shoved a tiny ball of material against my hip and then silently swam off to the shallow end, leaving Tiffany and I alone in the pool. I grabbed the tiny bikini top and started toward Tiffany who was now blindly casting about with both hands. As I extended my hand to provide the lost garment, Tiffany pivoted and her arm swung wildly in my direction.
Call it fate; kismet; pure, dumb luck. Whatever it was, I could never have hoped more for something to happen then Tiffany's hand thinking for the briefest of seconds that she had found her missing top, only to actually brush her long, gorgeously manicured hand straight against my flaccid cock in my swim trunks. Her hand froze for a beat and I swore I felt her grip and lightly caress the front of my shorts before she drew her hand back and spun toward me.
In her haste, she must have forgot that her arms were no longer crossed in front of her and I was treated to the most amazing view man's eyes could ever behold. In all their glory, Tiffany's rounded mounds bobbed in the water that now cascaded and crashed against them before eventually coming to a rest just under the surface of the water. We both stood froze for a moment, which was spent, for me anyway, chiseling the Greek goddess' busty torso into my memory bank. Her otherwise dark-olive skin tone juxtaposed against the soft, ivory white triangles of where her normal bikini tops covered the tiniest triangles of her chest throughout the bulk of the summer tanning season. This only served to further call to attention the nickel-sized areolas and tiny eraser tip nipples that were pointing straight out at me.
Her left arm snapped me out of my trance as it clasped tightly across her chest and I tried to save face by twisting my head to the side as I held out my hand with the balled-up top in it. Without a word, she snatched it from my hand and turned her back to me again.
"I-uhh. I'm sorry Tiffany, I swear I didn't-"
"Oh I'm sure you didn't, you little perv," she whispered sharply.
As she pulled the strings over her head and adjusted the cups into place, I ran through as many options as I could to try to salvage my standing of relatively unknown to her rather than what I was sure my new standing was of complete deviant. Before I found the right combination of words, she finished covering herself up and turned back around to face me. My inner turmoil must have been written all over my face as Tiffany scoffed when our gaze met.
"Relax, I'm totally fucking with you," she jabbed and casually stroked my shoulder.
A shockwave quaked through my body. Not only had the girl that I had obsessed over my entire high school career just flashed me, but now she was actively flirting with me and had made physical contact with me in front of a whole party full of people. If this was indeed a dream, as I suspected, I would be more than okay with once again sneaking a load of laundry past my mom to conceal the massive wet spot all over my sheets!
Just as I had reached inner nirvana, my world was sent out of whack again as the backyard lights suddenly switched on and the entire patio as well as the pool was bathed in a cool amber light. Tiffany and I were still the only people in the pool and it appeared several people had cleared out of the party already. A quick survey of the backyard showed there were six people crowded around the table still playing flip cup and several others locked in conversations around the small gas-lit fireplace in the opposite corner.
"Whew, got that figured out just in time," I nervously stuttered and instantly regretted the idiotic comment. Before I could make things even worse, I decided it was best to cut my losses and rejoin the rest of the party. "Looks like it's either flip cup with Brian and the other drunken buffoons, or fire-side chat with Dana, Mike, and the gang," I said and raised my arms as though they were a scale weighing the options.
"Oh, yeah," Tiffany said almost confused and twirled her head to look out over the crowd as well. I quickly stole a final glance at what I was sure would be the last time I'd ever be that close to the most perfect set of boobs of in existence. It wasn't until I felt her spinning back to me that the bewildered tone of her initial comment sent my anxious mind down another doubt-wormhole of whether I had imagined it or if I somehow misread the situation. "I guess I'd rather just chill by the fire".
I tried to not too quickly or desperately agree, "That's what I was thinking too," as if I wasn't going to follow whatever choice she made.
As we made our way out of the pool, I glanced to where the chair that had previously held a tower of oversized beach towels to dry off was, and noticed there was only one left on it. I slowed my walking to allow Tiffany to reach the towel before me and had the added benefit of being able to once again ogle the masterpiece of humanity before me. When Tiffany reached the stairs and took a quick second to look down and adjust her bathing suit again before climbing the stairs out, I pretended I wasn't tracing every line of her body in my mind and instead had just realized the towel predicament we found ourselves in.
"Oh man, there's only one towel left," I groaned with fake disappointment. "Well, why don't you just take it and I'll air dry".
"Always the gentleman," Tiffany teased and slowly sauntered to the beach chair.
When her hair was finally out of the water, she paused to run her hands over her hair and wring out as much water as she could back into the pool. Her body was angled toward me, but was still facing away from me, so I had a backlit view of her entire torso and her perky side boob was perfectly silhouetted as they bounced and swayed while she continued to shake out and fluff her hair. Once she was content that her hair was sufficiently feathered, she continued her ascension like Venus out of the sea.
The cool blue light from the water sent light reflections against her sculpted backside as she bounced her weight from side to side on each step. My eyes ping-ponged from cheek to cheek with each deliberate recoil. When she reached the final step, her feet still wading ankle deep, her hands slowly drifted from her hair down her front until they cupped her top with each hand and as she pressed firmly, a splash of water poured down her glistening, taught tummy and spilled over her tiny bottoms and back into the pool. Her hands then followed the same path down to her hips and she tugged on each string to ensure the double knotted material was still in place before her pointer fingers tucked inside the front waistband and she slightly squatted as they tugged the material gently back into place in front. She then repeated the same motion in the back, however this time the thin material needed considerably more coaxing as her hungry bottom had devoured the scant fabric. Tiffany bent ever-so-slightly forward and shot her elbows straight back before allowing the slingshot loose and a louder than expected crack of the elastic against her bottom sent reverberations through the rest of the exposed skin of her perfect peach.
What I'm sure to her was a usual ritual of pre-toweling off after a swim, was to me an entire symphony of the orchestra that was her amazing body. With that symphony drawing its magnum opus to a close, Tiffany reached for the towel and began to pat dry the rest of her skin. I walked out of the pool with no such ritual, not that anyone would care to listen to whatever cacophonous racket my ragtag symphony would be putting out.
I stood awkwardly next to Tiffany as she continued to towel off, unsure if I should wait for her to finish or if I was expected to just head over to the fire by myself. For once, I'm glad I had analysis paralysis as Tiffany bent down to pat dry her claves directly in front of me and her massive melons threatened to spill completely out of her top. As she started to stand again, I was hoping against hope that I would be treated to an even better view of those glorious mountain ranges and was delighted when I heard an audible gasp which I figured was a clear indication that my imagination was manifesting itself. However, as Tiffany stood, I had to conceal my disappointment when I saw that her top had somehow defied the odds.
"Here you go. Why don't you towel off too," she said and sheepishly pushed the towel into my chest and avoided eye contact.
I chalked it up to her still being embarrassed from the incident of her top coming off in the pool and decided it would only be the gentlemanly thing to do to try and comfort her.
"Oh, thanks. And hey, tiff...about what happened in the pool," I said in a muffle into the towel as I started to dry my hair and continued to rub down my shoulders and torso. "With the lights off and only going off the moonlight, Ibarelysaw anything and I'm certain no one else-" I dug myself in deeper as I started to dab my shorts dry and stopped in shock as I got to my thighs.
Apparently, the show in the pool and subsequent pool side dance had more of an effect on me than I had realized. My hands unconsciously dropped the towel to the ground and my eyes shot first to Tiffany's, then followed her gaze to myself to confirm what my hands had just discovered. My board shorts had ridden up and gotten entangled in the inner-webbing of the trunks somehow which had created a tourniquet-like compression of my thigh and now semi-hard erection. Even though my shorts were still roughly three inches down my thigh, a good length of shaft was visible as well as a proudly engorged soldier's helmet tipping its cap directly at Tiffany.
As I bent to grab the towel from ground, I felt a sharp pain in my cock which caused me to wince and refrain from bending further. Tiffany froze in place as I slowly and clumsily curtseyed to be able to acquire the crumpled towel and wrapped the towel around my waist to finally cover myself. Once I was fully concealed, I inelegantly crammed my arm down the front of the curtain in front of me and wrestled my uncooperative member back into hiding.
My mind was having as easy a time as my hand in getting this situation addressed. "Oh my god, I am so sorry," was the first thing that came to mind.
Tiffany's mouth slightly hung open and her eyes hadn't budged from the still extremely visible bulge in the front of the towel. My mind continued to race between all the different ways this scenario could play out and what I could possibly say to help smooth things over. Not helping in the matter, was the fact that, attempting to wrangle the monster in my crotch back into place in the now ludicrously unhelpful netting, only confused it into thinking I was stroking it, which exasperated the issue even further. I could sense the tension building, not only between Tiffany and I but also between my legs, and knew I had to do something to stop either from escalating.
Being the idiot that I am I started with, "It's not your fault". My mind instantly self-edited and realized how much of an error that was, so I countered with, "No. I mean...it is because of you. Obviously...I mean, look at you. You're fucking gorgeous..."
I'd like to say I somehow salvaged the conversation, but it was ultimately Tiffany that bailed me out with, "Listen. I guess I showed you mine, so it was only right I get to see yours".
With that simple gesture the tension had been cut entirely. I could feel my shoulders loosen, even though the towel was now nearly fully supported solely by my raging boner. For the first time since I had discovered my unflattering predicament, I was able to focus on something other than myself and caught a glimpse of Tiffany's top which was sporting some protrusions of their own. Realizing that this could become a never-ending cycle, I tried to think of how we could resolve things.
"Okay, if we stand here any longer, people are going to start to wonder what's up," I started. "Do you think we should just get back in the pool until things...calm down"?
"I somehow doubt that us getting out of the pool, staring at each other for a couple of minutes, then getting back in the pool is going to raise any less eyebrows," she mocked.
"Okay, okay. You're right. Give me a second," I squealed and turned my back to her.
"Oh, Mr. Modesty," she crooned from behind.
I quickly dropped my shorts to mid-thigh, then gently wrapped my waning wang along my hip as I peeled the wet shorts back into place along my waist, careful not to rouse the beast again. With the towel tugged tightly in place, I turned around and fashioned my new look.
"There. Perfect," I said doing my best model catwalk impression as I nudged past her. "Besides, Ms. Modesty, tell that to those high beams you're flashing," I called over my shoulder.
We traded jabs the rest of the way to joining our friends by the fire and it wasn't until I sat in one of the low Adirondack style chairs that I even felt a tinge of anxiety of another wardrobe malfunction as the towel came loose while I lowered back into the chair. The only two chairs available were nearly straight across the fire from one another, so we settled in as Mike was starting another of his lame ghost stories, he felt obliged to tell whenever we sat around a fire.
The story dragged on and as I looked around the fire, most seemed more interested in staring either blankly into the flames, or up at the stars in drunken wonder. I decided it was safe enough to secretly inspect the state of my lap as long as I did so discretely. Shifting my weight in the chair allowed me to tug the towel free from around my waist and I slowly dragged my arm back to the armrest with one corner clasped in my fist. Next, I reach my other hand across my waist and grabbed the red solo cup of beer before using it as a cover to also grab the other corner of the towel and bring it back to the other armrest. With my lap now fully uncovered, it was the moment of truth as I peered down and saw that, despite a small bulge along the top of my shorts all the way across my right leg, there was no indication that anyone but me or Tiffany would consider suspicious.
Relieved that my ordeal was not likely to be discovered, I relaxed back into the chair and breathed deeply. When I did, I heard a cough from across the fire and my eyes darted to Tiffany, who was snickering as she took a sip of beer. I shot her a scolding glance before confirming no one else had taken any notice. They all appeared to still be otherwise distracted, so I once again eased back into my chair and took a long sip myself.
After a few moments, just as Mike was finishing the latest of his campfire tales, Dana rocked forward in her chair and nearly stumbled forward as she rose to her feet. Clearly, she had continued on the path she was headed down when I had first arrived and was now overly intoxicated. I suppose it was because I had only had two beers so far while it appeared everyone else had drank considerably more, but upon her second stumble - a little too close to the fire - when no one appeared interested in ensuring she was okay, I jumped up to greet her without thinking.
When I felt the towel slip from my waist and I felt the cool breeze on my thighs again, I suddenly became very aware what I had done to myself, but it was already too late. I swooped Dana's arm over my shoulder and tried to direct her back toward the house where there was a good chance I could direct her inside under the guise of wanting to get another round of drinks. Luckily, she was all too happy to play along whether she knew about my plan or not, and was simply excited to see me.
Her speech was more than a little garbled, and she started our conversation with unintelligible grunts and then "Hey...hey, how's your night going?".
"It's going great," I cajoled and steered us away from the fire and toward the house. "How about we get us another drink? What do you say?".
She stumbled and nearly went limp in my arms which caused both of our bodies to shift unexpectedly. Panic rose in my chest as I felt a shifting in my shorts and couldn't be sure, without drawing a lot more attention to myself, whether I was exposed again or not. I tried to hurry Dana along and more or less picked her up to get her to the house.
"Oh dang it, this stupid chair tried to trip me ag- Woah, muscles over here," Dana interrupted herself and I could feel the eyes drawing toward us. "Hey, guy...you gotta buy me a drink first for that kind of stuff," she joked and nearly snorted at her own joke.
"Okay drunkie, on second thought I think it might be time to switch over to water for you. Let's go get you a tall glass, huh," I pleaded.
Luckily, Dana was barely 100 pounds dripping wet, and besides that, she was generally a happy drunk, so she quickly agreed and complied with walking to the house together. "Okie dokie, boss man. I gotta ask you something in...hic...in private anyway," she half-shouted and waived back at the crowd around the fire.
As I looked back over my shoulder, only a few people had even noticed the stirring, and those that had were mocking Dana's drunkenness, so I figured I was in the clear of any further exposure. Dana brought her arm down from her dismissal of her minions and wrapped it on my waist as we made our way to the door. Only she didn't...her hand clasped around my side and hung directly on the still partially swollen head of my tucked away friend in the netting within my shorts. I hoped she wouldn't draw any attention to it and that she was drunk enough to not notice what her new support brace was.
Finally, a spot of luck I said to myself, as she rested her head on my shoulder and sighed deeply while we strolled up to the door together in silence. I tried to stifle a gasp when I saw our reflection in the glass door. It looked as though Dana was grasping a pool noodle hidden in my shorts. She must have felt me jerk (no pun intended) and she startled against me; her hand reflexively tightening its grip.
"Sorry. Shivers," I tried to explain away my sudden outburst and slinked away from her grasp to open the door.
"And I'm the drunk one," she chortled and playfully hip checked past me into the doorway.
We entered the dark kitchen; Dana first followed by me. She was already plopped down on one of the stools surrounding the large island in the middle of the room by the time I shut the door and quickly slid behind the high counter to conceal myself in the shadowed kitchen. Dana and I had been friends nearly as long as I could remember. After a brief and very ill-advised courtship, we had vowed to never become romantically involved, so I knew she would be mortified if she ever saw me naked let alone figured out that she had just given me an "over the pants" rub down.
As I filed the encounter away in my mind to never be brought up or discussed again, I went about grabbing a glass of water for my intoxicated friend. When I opened the fridge door, the blinding white light filled the room and I took advantage of Dana shielding her eyes to quickly look down and assess my situation. As suspected, Dana's inadvertent head massage had created another stir in my shorts and the drawstring of my shorts was slightly pulled away from my body as my one-eyed snake attempted a daring escape from its confines.
A desperate idea popped into my mind and I called over my shoulder, "Hey, you want some ice?".
Groaned approval set my plan into motion. The cold from the freezer hit my chest first as I leaned into the deep freezer and I couldn't help but notice it felt nice on my nipples. Next came an unexpected surprise as my trunks made contact with the freezer door and my wet shorts instantly absorbed the chilly temperature. Curiosity got the better of me and I silently begged forgiveness as I jutted my pelvis forward into the freezer and felt the instant relief of icy-cold on my shaft and balls. Not wanting to draw too much attention to the only light in the interior of the house, and figuring dana was likely starting to wonder how long it took to grab an ice cube, I backed away and dropped three of the cubes into Dana's drink, palming the last one.
Dana grabbed the large cup from my hands and tilted her head back in a full chugging motion. I quickly seized my chance and leaned my hip against the counter with the cube of ice sandwiched between my hand and just under the tip of my cock. The cup landed with a loud thud against the counter as Dana let out a triumphant "ahhh".
"Damn, water is fucking delicious," she boasted.
We both nodded in agreement and sat in silence for what felt like minutes. Me icing the tip of my dick in hopes of shrinking it back to be able to easily conceal its existence, she trying her damndest not to fall of the stool. After recalling several previous awkward boner concealments throughout my years, I decided it may work to distract myself with conversation.
"Hey, didn't you say you had a question to ask me?".
"umm. Did I?...Oh, yeah," she reminded herself and leaned in, motioning with her finger that I should as well. "Pretty nice trophy earlier, huh?" she said with a slap of the counter and an animated wink.
"What are you talking about," I rebutted through her self-celebration.
"Listen man," she continued without acknowledging my question. "I told you Tiffany and I went shopping earlier today, right? Weeeelllll, while we were trying on suits, she asked who all would be coming tonight," she said, dragging every third word out about two syllables longer than each were. "Aaaaannnd she may or may not have asked directly whether you would be coming or not".
So much for the ice trick or the conversation helping my situation. I was now in a "don't explode all over Dana's lovely kitchen" territory.
"So, I ask again: How did you like the trophy for winning the chicken fight earlier?" she clarified as she mimed grabbing at an imaginary pair of boobs in the air between us.
Just as my world was completely turned upside down by some of the best news I had ever received, a loud banging at the glass door caused us both to crash back to reality. The door swung open and Mike held Brian back from falling flat on his face into the house.
"Hey man, do you think you could drive Brian and I home? He just puked all over in the bushes and I'm beat anyway".
And so just as I had reached another peak on the rollercoaster of a night, it seemed life was here to bring me right back down for a crash landing. I reluctantly agreed and Mike shoved his keys in my hand and thanked me profusely. I retrieved my bag from the couch and asked Dana to tell everyone I said goodbye. She just winked at me on her way back out to the fire. We loaded Brian's dead weight into the back of Mike's car making sure to roll the window down. He and I climbed in the front and took off for the short ride to Brian's house which was only four or five houses away from Mike's.
It wasn't until I had dropped both Brian and Mike off that I realized I was without a way home myself since my bike was back at Dana's and I couldn't really keep Mike's car overnight. Mike offered to let me spend the night, but as I had neglected to pack any spare clothes in my haste to get to the party, and to avoid any more strange encounters in our core friend group than Dana and I had already stumbled into (quite literally), I decided it would be best to just walk home and replay the night in my mind.
As I started my trek home, I reached into my bag to retrieve my phone and saw that I had a new text message.
"Great night! Hate that you had to leave so quick. Hope you don't mind Dana gave me your number. Hopefully I'll see you again soon".
I floated the rest of the way home and made a note to change Dana's contact to "Best Wingman Ever" before I drifted off to what was sure to be a beautiful night's sleep.