I sat quietly in Uncle Ron's car on the way home from my school 'adventure' with my mind in a daze, thinking about what had just happened to me. 'You must be mad, girl,' I thought to myself, knowing that my behaviour over recent days was not only jeopardising my marriage, but now also my job. Uncle Ron had awoken something deep within me that I had not been conscious of previously, that was at once both frightening and strangely exciting. I knew that the only sensible course of action would be to tell Uncle Ron to leave me alone, but somehow I could not bring myself to do that as I had a deep craving, like an invisible drug, for further opportunities to explore my awakening sexuality with the help of this dirty old man.
In any event, I knew that I could not prevent further debasement as both Uncle Ron and creepy George, the school caretaker, now had visible evidence of my slutty antics and would no doubt use the photographs as an insurance policy in case I decided to resist their advances in future. In a way, I used this inevitability as an excuse to justify any possible further episodes of similarly outrageous behaviour but I also dearly hoped that I could, at the same time, somehow continue to have a satisfying loving relationship with my husband. Michael would be returning from his work trip to France the following weekend and had booked a hotel break for us shortly afterwards and I was determined that this would be an enjoyable experience both for Michael and myself, given my new-found wantonness.
I was lost in my thoughts when I suddenly became aware that the car was no longer moving and that I had arrived home. I turned and saw Uncle Ron staring at me and grinning broadly. I must have looked a sorry sight as my little yellow dress was rumpled and stained having been discarded on the floor in George's office while I pranced virtually naked around the school. I had also noticed old George using it to wipe the sperm off his disgusting old cock before he threw it to me to put back on before I left. I was also still wearing the fishnet stockings that I was ordered to wear at the school, and these were torn and had stained where the old man's spunk had oozed out of my pussy and down my leg. Apart from the little silver anklet that was still fastened around my ankle, these were the only items I was wearing -- I had somehow forgotten to put my flip-flops back on in my dazed state on leaving the school, so I had nothing on my feet.
'I think you need a few days to rest before our next little adventure. It'll give you time to recover,' said Uncle Ron, 'OK slut?'
'Yes sir.' I agreed, feeling relieved.
'I'll phone you Wednesday,' he added. I nodded quickly, looked out of the car to ensure the coast was clear and tottered barefoot to my front door without looking back.
Once indoors, I stripped off my soiled clothes and took a long and relaxing bath, which helped considerably to relieve the soreness in my anus that had developed since the pounding it had taken from old George's ugly old cock. This had been my first (and no doubt not the last) experience of anal sex, but I had found the experience surprisingly satisfying, despite the initial pain.
I could not concentrate on anything the next day as my thoughts were in total confusion. I was also extremely exhausted and, after emerging from my bed at lunchtime and taking a shower, I could hardly be bothered to dress, so I just flung on an old pair of denim shorts and a baggy white T-shirt. I found my little silver anklet and slipped it on -- I somehow felt sexier wearing it, and the jingling of the bells as I moved around brought back memories of my sluttiness.
I flopped onto my living-room sofa and, with the warmth of the afternoon sun on my face which streamed through the window, I closed my eyes and began to daydream about the three old men who had recently used my body and, in particular, about Uncle Ron's ugly but magnificent cock and the wonderful feelings it had given me. I could feel my pussy becoming wet and I shifted uneasily. My hands drifted down to my shorts and I undid the top button and tugged at the zip. I pulled them down over my legs and kicked them carelessly into the middle of the room then pushed my fingers between my moistened cunt lips and up to my clit which had begun to protrude from its little hood. I gasped as I fingered myself, slowly at first, but gathering momentum and urgency as the familiar pleasurable feelings began to form deep within me. My legs drifted wider apart, my toes curled and uncurled, and my bottom began to rise and fall in rhythm with the quickening speed of my fingers and I started to moan loudly as my orgasm built.
Suddenly, out of the corner of my eye I sensed movement on the pathway at the front of my house outside the window, which was quickly followed by the sound of the doorbell. I swore silently to myself and quickly rose from the sofa. I surreptitiously peeked through the window and saw Dave, our postman, standing on the front doorstep. Dave is a tall, thin man, I suppose in his late forties, with straggly dark hair and a wispy beard, who has been our postman for about five years. I padded out to the hall and opened the door just as I realised I hadn't put my shorts back on before doing so. Luckily my T-shirt was sufficiently long to just about keep me decent and I grabbed the hem to stretch it down further as Dave stared at me in surprise. His eyes moved from my tanned bare legs up to my chest, and I glanced down and noticed with horror that my nipples were noticeably erect and poking through the material. I was still flushed from my aborted frigging and I felt myself turn a brighter shade of red as I mumbled a greeting to Dave while I slowly inched back behind the door so only my head and shoulders were visible.
'Er....hello, Mrs Ryan,' he stuttered. 'Sorry to disturb you. I had to knock because this letter for you is too large for the letterbox and it says on the outside not to bend it'.
He held out a large brown envelope but he was too far away for me to reach it without emerging from behind the door. I stepped out and quickly grabbed it and turned round to put it on the hall table. Just as I put the envelope down I felt a hand brush the back of my thigh and I froze in shock as it softly glided upwards and rested on my bottom where it moved in a gentle circular motion. I stood motionless and could hear my breathing becoming heavier and more audible. My inert state seemed to act as an incentive for Dave's hand to become bolder and he began to squeeze the flesh of my bottom quite hard, which made me gasp out loud.
'Is this what that old man was doing when I saw you yesterday?' said Dave, 'I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw you letting that ugly old git feel you up,' he added.
'I think you must be mistaken, Dave, I was just saying goodbye to an old friend. He wasn't doing anything,' I stammered.
'That's not what I saw, Mrs Ryan, although I know you tried to make it look innocent when I came up the path.'
I still hadn't moved my position and I closed my eyes as Dave's other hand moved up my thigh and cupped me between the legs.
'Aaaaah....please don't Dave.....oh my God,' I moaned as Dave inserted one, then two, then three fingers deep in my slimy vagina. I was still feeling extremely horny from my earlier administrations with my own fingers and made no effort to pull away as Dave's fingers moved in and out of me, making a loud, liquid noise as they did so.
Suddenly, Dave removed his fingers and I felt a wave of disappointment coursing through me.
'Oh no! Please...don't stop,' I pleaded, as I reached behind me with my hands to try to replace Dave's hand on my willing cunt.
Dave moved away from my desperate hands and laughed at my predicament. I turned round angrily and went to slap him. However, he grabbed hold of my wrist and pulled me to the ground firmly. I rose to my knees, looked up and saw Dave unzipping his shorts, which dropped to his ankles around his boots. I stared in awe at his stiff prick rising menacingly above a tuft of black pubic hair. It was long and thin, with very pale skin, which contrasted starkly with the bright red circumcised glans at the tip.
I couldn't believe that I was acting in such a slutty way to yet another seemingly unattractive man but my arousal had peaked to such an extent that I could not stop myself. I moved towards him on my knees, reached out with my hands and cupped his balls gently. I grabbed his prick in my right hand and began to move it slowly up and down. He groaned loudly as my hand moved faster. I looked up and saw Dave with his mouth wide open and a look of sheer disbelief on his face. Still looking at him, I slowly lowered my head and took him in my mouth, which caused Dave to groan even louder. My tongue licked his long shaft slowly from its base to the angry looking glans and he moaned loudly.
'Aaaaargh......that's it! My god, suck me please you dirty little tart,' gasped Dave, as he staggered backwards against the wall.
I took him fully in my mouth and could feel his long cock touching the back of my throat before I slowly moved up to kiss the red tip of his cock. I gently moved my fingers up and down his shaft and flicked my tongue against the underside of his ball sack. Dave suddenly gave out a high-pitched, almost girlish, scream and immediately spurted his spunk forcefully right in my hair and face. At the same time his knees seemed to buckle from beneath him and he slid down the wall until he was sitting on the floor with his eyes closed and breathing in short gasps from his mouth.
The whole situation made me incredibly horny and I was aching for release. With Dave still gasping for breath, I quickly pulled my T-shirt over my head and stood naked in front of him. I stepped back, laid back on the hall stairs and parted my legs lewdly, giving Dave a clear view of my sopping cunt.
'Please make me come Dave,' I pleaded.
Dave staggered to his feet and dropped down between my legs. He moved his head down and his tongue expertly found my swollen clit. I gasped, threw back my head and squirmed with pleasure. I placed my legs over his shoulders with the soles of my bare feet pressing into his back. His tongue continued to flicker against my clit as I gripped his head between my legs. I could feel my orgasm building again within my belly as I pushed my pussy harder into Dave's face while he reached out with his arms, grabbed my tits and squeezed and pulled hard on my nipples.
'I'm coming Dave....you bastard....you've made me come!' I screamed as my climax erupted. My hips bucked wildly and my legs shot rigidly in the air as the muscles tensed with the force of my orgasm, causing the little bells on my anklet to tinkle incongruously.
Once I had gathered my senses, I quickly ushered Dave out even though I could see his cock was again fully erect and he was wanting more, as I felt completely shattered as well as thoroughly embarrassed by the whole episode and again shocked at my behaviour. This was yet another man who would, no doubt, be expecting more of the same in future and I wondered how I could possibly have got myself into such a predicament
Over the next few days, I gradually recovered from my excesses of the previous few days. I made sure I slept at least 10 hours each night; I went jogging and did some workouts at the gym. I also went to my usual belly-dance class with my work colleague, Ann, which was not only a very enjoyable way to keep trim, but also made me feel very sexy and, as I gyrated, I got into the mood by imagining myself performing in front of an audience of leering men. In the changing room after the session, I had to avoid Ann seeing my knickers as I changed them because of the noticeable damp patch that had appeared through the material.
I also found the time to do some clothes shopping at our local mall and bought a couple of short, sexy dresses and some racy underwear sets, including suspenders and stockings, for my trip away with Michael. I really wanted to put on a show for him and make him proud of me to see how he would react. I was really determined for him to fully recognise my needs and be masterful and forceful. I guess I was longing for him to really use me and ravish me rather than making me do all the running and then fucking me as a result, almost as if he was doing me a favour. If nothing else, then the last few days had made me realise that I really enjoyed flaunting myself in front of men who could really appreciate me and drool over me, and who would then force me to satisfy all their needs. I also had a strong feeling that what happened on this trip could be a turning-point in our marriage and I really hoped it would be a success.
At the same time, however, my mind kept wandering to thoughts of the immediate future and a further erotic adventure with Uncle Ron planned for later that week. By the time Wednesday arrived, my nerves were really on a knife edge. This was mostly due to the fact that I had shown sufficient self-discipline to avoid masturbating since the 'incident' with Dave, our postman, as I wanted my body to be fully responsive to whatever Uncle Ron had in mind.
Uncle Ron didn't phone me until late in the afternoon on Wednesday, by which time I was becoming extremely agitated and frustrated, which I guess was deliberate on his part. I even tried phoning his mobile, but got no reply so I left a garbled message.
When the phone finally rang, I grabbed it quickly.
'My god, that was fast, slut. You must be really eager for my old cock', he chuckled.
'Sorry. I thought you may have forgotten about me. Do you have something else planned for me sir, I've been waiting all day,' I replied meekly.
'Well, we're going on a little trip up to Manchester tomorrow, so I want you to pack a bag for an overnight stay.'
'What sort of clothes should I take sir? Do I need to pack any underwear?' I asked.
'Yes, just pack some everyday wear, including underwear. I want you to look as natural as possible. Oh, and don't forget the anklet.'
'Oh....OK sir,' I replied.
'Do I detect a hint of disappointment in your voice,' said Uncle Ron, laughing. 'Don't worry, I don't think you will be disappointed with what I've got planned for you.'
The next morning, I showered, dressed casually in jeans and pale blue blouse and nothing else apart from my silver anklet and flat pumps. I packed a small bag with a variety of different clothes as I was not sure what Uncle Ron had meant by 'everyday' clothes. While I was placing my bag in the hall awaiting Uncle Ron's arrival, I suddenly noticed on the floor beneath the hall table the large envelope that Dave the postman had delivered a few days earlier, which I remembered dropping as he groped me from behind. I opened it up, dropped the contents on the table and took a deep inward breath when I realised what I was seeing. There were 2 large colour photographs with me as the subject matter. The first one showed me on all fours on my classroom desk at school, naked apart from a pair of black fishnet stockings. Standing on the floor behind me was the huge, ugly figure of Uncle Ron with his eyes in a wild stare as he gripped me by the hips with his hairy old hands. His huge belly hung in folds over the top of my bottom and his huge, ugly cock, covered in white slime, was entering me from behind. My head was up, my eyes were closed and my mouth was gaping open as if I was gasping for breath, whilst my blonde hair -- damp with the sweat of exertion -- stuck to my forehead. I was struck by the stunning contrast between my young, slight female figure and the huge bulk of gross manliness that was Uncle Ron. I must admit it was one of the most erotic things I had ever seen.
The second picture showed me outdoors -- again naked apart from the sexy stockings - hanging upside down by my legs from the school playground climbing frame, with my long golden hair just touching the ground and my breasts, with their puffy nipples clearly erect, dangling downwards by the force of gravity towards my face. My abdominal muscles and the muscles in my calves and thighs were tensed and clearly-defined like an athlete, as I gripped the frame with my legs and held the pose for the photographer. At the bottom of the picture, somebody had written in black felt-tip pen:
THIS LITTLE SLUT'S ARSE BELONGS TO GEORGE
I studied the photographs with a mixture of horror and mounting horniness. I could feel myself becoming even wetter as they reminded me of my disgusting behaviour with creepy old George and Uncle Ron at my school. I had to quickly remove my jeans to prevent them being stained inside and I clamped my right hand between my legs and pushed it hard against my clit. As I pumped frantically with the heel of my hand, I felt my orgasm slowly mounting but was suddenly brought to my senses by the harsh sound of the doorbell behind me, and I let out a little wail of despair. I quickly wiped the moisture as best as I could from my pussy with some tissues and stepped back into my jeans.
When I opened the door I was met with the towering presence of Uncle Ron. For once he was relatively smartly dressed, in dark trousers and a white, open-necked shirt. However, the shirt was a size too small for him and his large belly strained the buttons and I could see his ginger body hair and pale rolls of flesh through gaps in the material.
'You look a bit flustered, Juicy. Is it because you're dying for a taste of my old friend down here?' said Uncle Ron, pointing to his genital area and rubbing himself. Just then, he looked over and saw the two photographs lying on the table and picked them up.
'Ah....now I understand,' he said, laughing to himself as he looked at the photographs closely. 'I must admit old George takes a mean picture. We'll have to enter these in a competition. We can title them: 'What I did at school today.'' With that he laughed out loud
I didn't respond to his taunting and just looked down in embarrassment.
Uncle Ron continued to study the photographs intently and again started rubbing his dick through the outside of his trousers.
'What a dirty little slut you are, Juicy Lucy Ryan. And you look so innocent too. What would the parents of your little school kids think if they saw these. I bet the dads wouldn't mind though!' He laughed again and pulled me towards him with his free hand.
'I think we've got enough time,' said Uncle Ron as he firmly pushed me down by the shoulders, indicating that I should kneel in front of him. I dropped to my knees obligingly, reached up, and undid his belt and the button at the top of his trousers. I slid down the zipper and, as he wasn't wearing anything underneath, his huge, erect cock sprang out immediately as his trousers slithered down to his ankles. I gently flicked my fingers up and down his shaft as I licked his hairy balls and held them in my other hand. Moaning loudly, he grabbed my head and pushed the head of his prick against my lips, which I parted obediently. He pushed the whole length of his ugly member into my mouth and I desperately fought off the urge to gag. He pumped backwards and forwards while I clamped my mouth as tightly as possible around him. I looked up at him with my eyes wide open with lust and his eyes met mine which seemed to make him pump more urgently. I could feel his cock throbbing against my lips as he gave out a wild yelp of pleasure and spurted his thick old man's spunk in my mouth. I tried to swallow but my mouth was filling so fast that the slimy liquid dripped down the side of my mouth and back onto his throbbing shaft. He leant back against the wall as I slowly licked and swallowed the come from his cock, belly and legs. I then frantically tried to take off my jeans to bring myself off, but Uncle Ron's hands gripped my arms tightly and pulled them away.
I struggled and cried out in frustration, but Uncle Ron's grip was too strong, and I gradually stopped trying to break free.
'Whoa...calm down! You'll just have to be patient.I want you gagging for it by tomorrow night Juicy. I want you to promise to behave yourself in the meantime.'
'Yes sir. I promise,' I replied, sobbing and sniffing quietly like a small child.
On the car journey northwards to Manchester, after I had pulled myself together and got myself under a degree of control, Uncle Ron told me that we were going there on behalf of his business and that I would be assisting him. I had often wondered what he did for a living as he seemed quite well off financially. My mother had told me that she understood he was in the 'entertainment' business, although she didn't know the specifics. Uncle Ron explained that he ran an agency that dealt with 'adult entertainment'. When I pressed him to explain exactly what that meant, he said that he organised hen and stag parties and that his agency had built up quite a notorious reputation. Apparently, his business was thriving as people tried to find ever more outrageous things to get up to at such gatherings.
'The women are the worst,' he went on to explain. 'You won't believe what happens at some of my hen night shows when there is a lot of horny women together and a lot of booze flying around.'
My mind was in a spin as I began to wonder what my role was going to be.
'Please sir, can you tell me what you would like me to do to help you?' I asked in the childish voice I knew turned him on.
'Well, Juicy. I'm going to leave the explanations to two of my colleagues, Jenny and Louise, who you will meet later,' he replied.
For the rest of the journey, my mind was speculating wildly about what Uncle Ron had in store for me and how I could possibly assist him in his business. I found myself thinking about all kinds of different, horny scenarios with the resultant dampness duly arriving between my legs, making me squirm uncomfortably in my seat.
When we arrived in Manchester, Uncle Ron booked us into a double room in a smart hotel. The female receptionist gave a knowing look to Uncle Ron as she passed him the keys and, in my embarrassment, I tried to avert making eye contact with her as we must have looked an unlikely couple -- a young attractive woman in her early twenties and a tall, bulky, elderly man old enough to be my grandfather.
After unpacking, I was expecting Uncle Ron to fling me on the bed so I was disappointed when he said we should go down to the hotel bar.
'Have I done something wrong sir?' I enquired.
'No, Juicy, not at all. I just want you to save yourself for later this evening; you'll need all the energy you can get,' he replied, smiling to himself. 'Let's go down and meet my associates.'
Jenny and Louise were sitting at a table in the bar area and Uncle Ron introduced us. They were both attractive women, probably about ten years older than me. Jenny was a tall, slim brunette with dark brooding eyes. Louise was slightly shorter, with long auburn hair, striking blue eyes and a pale complexion. I couldn't help noticing, however, that their main attributes were their gorgeous legs. Both wore skirts about six inches above the knee, and their shapely calves and thighs were accentuated by expensive-looking strappy sandals, with high heels. As they got up to greet me, I noticed some admiring glances in our direction from some of the men in the bar. They both hugged me as if I was a long lost friend, and I warmed to them immediately. While we were chatting amiably and making small talk, Uncle Ron excused himself, saying he had to go to sort out some last-minute arrangements for the evening event.
After he had left, Jenny and Louise told me that they had been working for Uncle Ron for a few years in various capacities in the adult entertainment shows he put on. They candidly admitted they were originally employed as strippers for the stag shows and still worked these occasionally, but they mostly now concentrated on the organisational and promotional side of Uncle Ron's business. They had obviously been briefed by Uncle Ron about my antics over the previous few days and pressed me to tell them all the details. Although I was clearly embarrassed, they were so friendly and welcoming that I eventually told them everything to their stunned silence. They were even more shocked when I told them I was happily married and worked as a primary school teacher.
'Wow, girl, you really don't look the type to get up to those sorts of things,' said Louise, with a look of amazement on her face. 'In fact, you look just like what you are -- a sweet little teacher girl.'
'Yeah -- no wonder old Ron has got a twinkle in his eye. I now know why he thinks you're perfect for tonight's show. You'll be great!' added Jenny, chuckling.
We ordered drinks (I kept to orange juice as instructed by Uncle Ron earlier) and Jenny and Louise explained what was planned for the evening. The event was, going to be a large, girls-only, affair organised by workers at a local call-centre. I breathed a sigh of relief as I had envisaged being asked to be a stag night stripper, and I didn't think I had the ability or indeed the courage to strip my clothes off in front of a crowd of wisecracking men. However, my relief was quickly removed when they explained my intended role. What they had in mind for me was equally outrageous and I listened to the two girls with increasing disbelief.
Apparently, there were three male strippers in the show and, after stripping down to a G-string or male pouch, they mingled in the audience and persuaded some of the ladies present to remove their final item of clothing, or to rub oil into their bodies, or to eat cream off their cocks. They went on to say that, occasionally, women in the audience would give them blow jobs and the strippers would either come on their faces, or the women would swallow. My role was to be the audience 'plant' for the final act; a stripper nicknamed the 'Black Bull'. He was a large, muscular, black man whose large size also extended to the size of his cock which, according to Louise, was like a 'shiny black snake'. He would initially be dressed as a stereotypical native African although they went on to explain that he was really from London and his name was Clive. He was in his forties, but had been a professional rugby player and still maintained an excellent physique.
I had to act like a genuine member of the audience, who had gone for a good night out with her girlfriends. However, when the Black Bull got to my table after cavorting amongst the crowd, I was to get carried away and not only suck his cock, but I would also let him fuck me in front of everyone! Jenny explained that this would be good for Uncle Ron's business as word would spread about the erotic and outrageous nature of his shows and people would be eager to book the services of his agency.
The thought of being fucked in front of a crowd of baying women and, added to that, being fucked by a black man (which would be a first for me, although black men often appeared in my deepest fantasies) made my knees go weak and my cunt moisten in anticipation, and I quickly agreed. My willingness to participate rather stunned my two new friends, who again mentioned that I did not look the type to agree to such a request.
'Those girls are going to go wild when they see the Black Bull screwing you, Lucy, with you looking so innocent,' exclaimed Jenny.
'I don't think the Bull will be too unhappy either!' said Louise, laughing. 'Better make sure your birth control is OK though as he's quite potent apparently. They say he has fathered at least eight kids. He needs the money he gets from stripping to pay the maintenance!' She saw the look on my face, and quickly added: 'He's clean though. Ron makes sure they have medical checks on a regular basis, so you've got no worries on that score.'
Jenny and Louise then told me that they would pick me up from the hotel at 7.30 that evening and would drive me to the venue of the show -- a function room attached to a pub on the outskirts of the town. In the meantime, I was to go to the hotel's beauty parlour where various treatments had been arranged for me and paid for by Uncle Ron's agency.
I spent the afternoon at the parlour having a facial, manicure and pedicure. My hair was washed and styled and my pubic and anal area was given a fresh waxing to remove any recently grown hair and my little landing strip trimmed neatly. My session at the parlour ended with a full body massage with soothing oils which was undertaken expertly by a middle-aged female therapist, dressed professionally in a white tunic, white tights and shoes. Her administrations made me feel wonderfully relaxed and, much to my surprise, I gradually became aroused sexually. While lying naked on my back, the therapist's soft hands moved gently across my chest and flicked very occasionally against my nipples causing them to become instantly erect. Her expert hands moved down and massaged my feet, manipulating each toe in turn, and then stroked my legs causing me to shiver involuntarily. Her hands travelled up my thighs and made circular movements across my belly, hips and upper thighs and occasionally, teasingly, flicked my pussy lips as if by accident, now glistening from my arousal. Almost in a trance-like state I began to respond and pushed my hips up off the couch to meet her touch, moving my legs apart inviting her to go further and give me the ultimate release. The therapist let out a quick, nervous giggle and gently but firmly applied pressure on my belly with her hands, pushed me back down onto the couch and held me there for few moments until my rapid breathing had slowed and I became still.
'Maybe another time, honey,' she whispered, giving me a big smile.
I realised I hadn't had an orgasm for several days, but even accounting for that I was dumbfounded by my behaviour and never thought of myself as having any lesbian leanings. However, what I had just experienced was absolutely delicious and I could only imagine how I would have felt had the therapist continued and responded to my urging. It was certainly something that would occupy my fantasies in future.
'I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.....you know....,' I mumbled incoherently.
'Don't worry your pretty little head. It's quite natural', she replied and bent down and kissed me quickly on the lips. She turned away and pulled what appeared to be a small business card out of a pocket in her tunic, which she then pushed gently between my cunt lips so that it held in place. She then quietly left the room, indicating the shower in the corner before she left. I bent and picked up the card, which simply gave her name, Christine, and a mobile phone number, and I slipped it into my purse.
When I returned to my room, Uncle Ron had laid out the clothes I was to wear for that evening -- a short, coffee-coloured, silky dress, which I thought would really complement my golden hair; shiny, beige hold up stockings with brown lacy tops, and strappy, brown shoes with five inch heels. I was also to wear my chocolate brown lacy bra and pants set. I guess Uncle Ron felt that I should look as natural as possible, hence the underwear. I maintained the natural look by applying only minimal make-up. My fingernails and toenails had already been painted with golden, glittery nail varnish at the beauty parlour. I made sure that I wore no other jewellery but my little silver anklet.
Jenny and Louise picked me up promptly at 7.30 and told me the show would be starting at 8.30.
'Wow, you look stunning!' exclaimed Jenny, 'and your hair looks amazing,' she added, and Louise nodded in agreement. My long, flowing blonde hair had been expertly styled into loose waves that cascaded around my shoulders and down my back, and I was very pleased with the result.
When we arrived at the venue for the show, the place was filling up with groups of girls and women of all ages and most of them were dressed sexily. Jenny, Louise and I blended in quite well and we looked like any other group of friends out for a good time. I admitted to the girls that I was very nervous, but they reassured me that everything would be fine and that the 'Black Bull' would make sure I was OK (he had been fully briefed about my role).
The room was quite large, and consisted of a small, raised stage at one end and a long bar at the other. In between, the floor was scattered with several round tables of different sizes which were filling rapidly. The girls led me to one of the smaller tables and allowed me to have a few shots of tequila to steady my nerves. The alcohol had the required effect as I gradually relaxed and absorbed myself into the atmosphere of the evening.
The show started with a couple of male stand-up comedians who managed to warm up the audience with a series of blue jokes and smutty anecdotes which really seemed to get the all-female audience in a party mood. Then the Master of Ceremonies announced, to deafening applause, that the first of the night's strippers would be taking the stage. He pranced onto the stage dressed as a fire-fighter and the audience went wild, clapping and cheering loudly. Jenny, Louise and I really got into the swing of things and clapped and cheered along with the rest of the crowd as the stripper gyrated to hypnotic techno music. In no time at all, he had stripped down to just a bright red G-string which dangled between his thighs, indicating a sizeable piece of equipment. He jumped down from the stage and began to mingle with the audience, moving from table to table thrusting his groin into the faces of his willing admirers. One of the women, with the encouragement of her friends, grabbed hold of the sides of the stripper's G-string and pulled it down, revealing a large, semi-erect cock protruding from his hairless crotch.
As the music continued, the stripper moved on amongst the crowd and produced an aerosol can of whipping cream which he sprayed on his impressive cock. A number of the women took the hint and licked the cream greedily off his cock, which grew more erect as a result; Eventually, one of the women in the audience, a young Asian looking girl with long, jet-black hair, aged probably no more than twenty, rose from her seat, knelt down in front of the stripper and engulfed his cock in her mouth. This caused the audience to erupt, and many of them started to chant in unison:
'Make him come! Make him come!'
After a few minutes, during which the stripper stood almost motionless while the girl worked him with her mouth, making him fully erect, he suddenly pulled out of her and several spurts of semen shot over her face and hair, while he grunted with pleasure. The crowd were in raptures, and leapt to their feet clapping and cheering wildly as the stripper quickly left the room.
After the place had quietened down, the MC introduced the second stripper who, he said, was making his debut.
'Please welcome on stage, in his first ever performance, Pete the Plumber!'
The audience erupted again as a rather thin young man, aged about twenty, walked rather sheepishly on stage wearing the clothes of a builder, including overalls, heavy work boots and a wide belt carrying various tools. He quickly discarded these, revealing a long, thin, hairless penis which hung halfway down his thighs. He went amongst the audience with a look of trepidation on his face which he tried to conceal. An older woman, with bleach blonde hair, reached out and grabbed him as he walked past her. She pulled down the front of her dress exposing quite large, pendulous breasts. She took hold of his still flaccid cock and placed it between her tits and held it there while she rubbed it up and down, and bent down to occasionally push the tip of his cock in her mouth. He tried to release himself but her grip was strong and he quickly gave up and started panting heavily. His prick gradually stiffened, to the delight of the baying crowd, and he began to move his hips rhythmically. In a very short time he came in great spurts across the woman's neck and chin. This was met with catcalls and jeering from the audience, who felt short-changed because his performance had ended so quickly. Clearly embarrassed, the stripper rushed from the stage to a chorus of boos.
The MC then appeared again.
'Well, ladies, that was short and sweet. That was the quickest plumber I've ever seen!' This was met with a mixture of jeers and laughter from the audience. 'Anyway,' he went on, 'rather sooner than expected, we now come to the highlight of the evening. Please welcome, direct from the wilds of deepest Africa, the one and only Black Bull!'
Butterflies fluttered in my belly as I realised that I would soon be exposed to the full critical force of this hysterical bunch of women and I wondered how they would react to my behaviour if, indeed, I was able to summon enough courage to be taken in front of them. The audience again erupted, with many of the women leaping to their feet, as rhythmic, African drum music started playing loudly over the sound system.
The Black Bull (aka Clive) then leapt onto the small stage and my heart missed a beat as I looked him over. He was a huge man, well over six feet tall, with broad arms and chest, and thick, powerful looking thighs. He was completely bald and his skin was jet black and glistened in the spotlights which were trained on his giant frame as he cavorted on stage. He was wearing what looked like a short grass skirt and had straw bands around his ankles and above his elbows. He was carrying a tribal shield and spear and had white war-paint daubed on his face.
He was certainly a magnificent specimen of manhood and I stared at him lustfully. I twisted in my seat and parted my legs slightly as I felt a burst of moisture between my legs. I couldn't believe that in a few minutes the huge black man grinding his hips on the stage to the delight of the crowd of inebriated and randy women in front of him, would be fucking me.
The Black Bull gyrated on the stage in time with the incessant drum music and quickly threw away the shield and spear. He then leapt down into the audience, with the crowd on their feet clapping and cheering wildly. He wandered amongst the throng of screaming women, stopped at a table, and proceeded to push his groin in the face of a very pretty young blonde, telling her to remove his straw skirt. She seemed reluctant at first, but urged on loudly by her friends at the table she slowly pulled the skirt down to reveal a black leather pouch covering his genitals. The pouch dangled a good ten inches between his muscular thighs and was held in place by a thin string of leather.
'My god, surely he can't be that big,' I said to my two friends.
'You better believe it, girl,' replied Louise, laughing at my discomfort, 'I don't think you will be disappointed!'
'He's the main reason there's such a large crowd. Now you know why,' shouted Jenny, trying to make herself heard above the noise.
The Black Bull moved on to another table of women where his pouch was quickly ripped off him, exposing his huge cock and there was a collective gasp amongst the audience followed by deafening cheers and a few lewd comments. His magnificent member was poking out in front of him, not yet quite fully erect, with a large pair of balls hanging below. He was completely devoid of any pubic hair which made his cock seem even larger than it actually was. I was becoming increasingly nervous as he moved around the tables, but inching closer and closer to our table. He was wanked and sucked by a variety of women of all ages and colours and the atmosphere in the room was becoming rowdier by the minute.
When he eventually arrived at our table his cock was glistening with saliva but still not quite fully erect. He came up to me immediately, gave me a wink, and thrust himself in my face. I drew back and turned my head away coyly as I had been instructed to appear shy and reluctant initially. This was an attempt to make the situation look spontaneous and as real as possible to increase the shock factor. I could hear Jenny and Louise screaming next to me and urging me to take the Black Bull's saliva-covered cock in my mouth.
'Go on, girl, you know you want to!' shouted Jenny
'Yeah, don't keep him waiting. Suck him dry!' added Louise, pushing me in the small of the back towards the Black Bull's groin.
'No....I can't....,' I mumbled, although I had become highly aroused and I was really aching to grab hold of his cock and push it down my throat.
The Black Bull moved away and Jenny quickly knelt down in front of him and took him in her mouth and her head started to bob up and down along his full length. Louise joined in and the two of them quickly brought the Black Bull's magnificent cock to full erection, no doubt preparing him for me.
The crowd was at fever pitch as Louise reached out and grabbed my arm and pulled me towards them. I acted very reluctant at first but then slowly extended my tongue and gave his prick a tentative lick. The Black Bull responded by holding my head firmly between his hands, not allowing me to move away, and I suddenly found myself kneeling alone before him as Jenny and Louise retreated back to their seats.
The whole highly-charged atmosphere had taken its toll on me and I became totally oblivious of the baying crowd as my basest instincts took total control over my body. I could hear the Black Bull groaning above the noise of the crowd as I began to work on him with my mouth. He continued to hold my head in his hands as I knelt in front of him and moved my mouth over his shaft in perfect timing with the pulsating drum music.
He suddenly withdrew his cock from my mouth, pulled me to my feet, and gently lifted me by the hips onto the table. Jenny and Louise quickly removed the drink glasses and other debris from the table as I lay back compliantly to await my fate. Louise moved in front of me and removed my shoes, lifted the hem of my skirt above my hips and gently prised open my legs, and exposed my pussy juice-stained panties while the Black Bull looked on intently, wanking himself furiously. He moved forward and sensuously ran his palms up my stocking-clad calves and inner thighs and I gasped at his touch and flung my head back in pleasure.
'Look! She's soaking wet. The dirty bitch really wants it!' I heard one of the women shout coarsely above the general noise. This was met with a hail of laughter and further shouted comments from the audience, many of whom had now left their seats and had gathered around our table in a wide circle, anxious for a better view, sensing that this was going to be the climax of the evening's entertainment.
Standing over me menacingly, the Black Bull reached down and slowly pulled at my knickers and I raised my legs in the air and lifted my hips from the table to make it easier for him to remove them and he threw them to Jenny and Louise. He moved down and I gave a start as he thrust his face between my parted legs and began to flick his tongue along my soaking slit and across my swelling clit.
The sensations were amazing and I totally lost track of my surroundings and the fact that a large crowd of screaming females were watching the whole thing and hearing me moan with pleasure while I lay back on the table with my legs in the air and my little dress bunched around my waist.
Suddenly the audience began to chant in unison:
'Fuck that bitch! Fuck that bitch!'
As the wonderful sensations grew inside me, I wrapped my legs around the Black Bull's back and pushed my cunt against his face. Just as I felt the sensations growing to a crescendo within me, the Black Bull suddenly stood up, lifted me off the table and turned me round as I cried out in frustration, bringing a further wave of laughter from the crowd. I could feel my dress slowly being unzipped as I tried desperately to turn round and grab the Black Bull's cock. He held me tightly, however, as my little dress slithered down around my ankles and I lifted my feet as Jenny knelt down and pulled it away. The Black Bull then expertly undid my bra and threw the flimsy garment to the waiting hands of my two friends.
I was left standing there completely naked apart from my glossy stockings and my little silver anklet.
'Look at those puffies!' shouted one of the women, obviously referring to my nipples which had become almost painfully erect, and the audience laughed again.
'He'll split her in two , she's so tiny!', shouted another woman, and I could only imagine the erotic sight we must have presented to everyone watching -- a small, slim, practically naked white girl only just over five feet tall, and a giant of a black man, well over six feet tall.
The Black Bull pushed me over the table and, with my back to him, and with my rear end invitingly displayed, he pushed one of his muscular thighs between my legs and spread them apart firmly.
The audience were continuing to shout and scream as I felt the large bulbous head of the Black Bull's cock exploring my soaking cunt and I could feel my pussy lips opening like a petal to allow its entry. Slowly and sensuously he pushed his whole length into me and it seemed to go on forever. My wetness made it slide in effortlessly and it felt as if he was in the deepest recesses of my belly. I flung my head back and let out a loud groan and he grabbed hold of my hair as he slid in and out of me with increasing speed.
The sensations were immense and I rolled my head from side to side, moaning and muttering incoherently. Suddenly the incessant drum music stopped and the audience suddenly quietened. The only sounds that could now be heard were my loud moans of pleasure and an obscene slurping noise as the Black Bull's cock pounded the depths of my lubricated cunt.
There was barely a murmur from the crowd of women as they stood around the table in a semi-circle, seemingly mesmerised by the erotic spectacle. Suddenly the Black Bull stopped, lifted me off my feet easily and held me so that we were facing each other. As he stood, I wrapped my legs around his back and pushed down with my bum, desperately seeking his cock. I was not disappointed and I was quickly impaled while being held off the ground. I was now doing all the work and I bucked and writhed against his body and I could hear the tinkling of the little bells on my anklet as I moved up and down. My orgasm built quickly and as I came I let out a piercing scream as waves of pleasure swept through my body, like little earthquakes, while I clung to the Black Bull's perspiring body. It was the most mind-blowing orgasm I had ever experienced and it seemed to be heightened by the knowledge that I had been fucked in front of an audience.
The crowd cheered loudly and I could hear further comments being uttered.
'Horny little bitch!'
'I'll bet she'll be sore in the morning!'
The Black Bull gently lifted me off his cock which was still fully erect. My legs were weak and I was unable to stand so I dropped to my knees. There were further cheers from the audience and I looked up to see the Black Bull wanking himself off inches from my face. It didn't take long before he began groaning with his imminent orgasm and I grabbed his cock and held it against my open mouth just as he came, and huge spurts of warm spunk splattered around my lips and onto my tongue, which I gulped down hungrily.
'My God, the little scrubber has swallowed it!' shouted an audience member in apparent disgust. 'What a slut!' added another.
I collapsed on the floor in exhaustion and curled up in a ball, and I could hear the MC announcing the end of the show, to cries of disappointment from the crowd. Jenny and Louise helped me to my feet and Jenny wiped the Black Bull's come from my face and shoulders with tissues. I collapsed in my chair and they both hugged me tightly.
'You did brilliantly, Lucy,' said Louise.
'Ron's going to be very pleased with you, sweetheart. You really are something else,' added Jenny.
The girls quickly gathered my abandoned clothes as the audience left and I got dressed. The girls held on to me as I left the room on unsteady legs to an awaiting taxi, which took us back to the hotel, where we were met in the bar by Uncle Ron.
'Well done, Juicy. I hear you gave my star male stripper a run for his money. He phoned me just now to ask me to thank you. He said he didn't get a chance to see you after the show because he had a crowd of fans waiting for him to sign autographs. Apparently, they like him to sign their tits or their bums. Oh, and he's asked me if you could be in the audience again at a future performance. I said I'd think about it. Would you like that?'
In truth, after the initial nerves had faded, I had become increasingly horny as the evening went on, helped by the alcohol and the highly charged atmosphere of the show, and the finale and the shattering orgasm I experienced were incredible. At the same time I felt thoroughly ashamed of myself and I couldn't answer. The realisation of what I had done suddenly got to me and I looked away in embarrassment and began to sob uncontrollably.
Jenny and Louise quickly rushed over to me to see if I was all right and they both held me tight until I had calmed down causing a few eyebrows to be raised amongst the customers in the bar.
'She's just overwhelmed with the whole situation, Ron. She'll be OK after a shower and a good night's rest. She was unbelievable this evening. You've certainly found a little star here,' said Louise, gently stroking my hair and hugging me tightly.
The girls took me upstairs to my room and said their goodbyes, with further hugs and kisses and said they would have words with Uncle Ron and make sure he agreed to leave me alone for the rest of the night. I stripped out of my clothes and collapsed on top of the large bed, where I quickly fell into a dreamless sleep.
I didn't wake up until eleven the next morning and Uncle Ron was already dressed.
'Morning, Juicy,' he said, smiling, as his eyes drifted over my naked body, spread-eagled on the bed. 'Why don't you take a shower and I'll order breakfast from room service.'
I did as he asked and had a long, refreshing shower and washed my hair which was still encrusted with dried semen. After I had got out of the shower and dried my body and hair, and applied my make-up, I was expecting breakfast to be waiting for me. However, Uncle Ron must have delayed telephoning as it still hadn't arrived.
The shower had really relaxed me, and while I was luxuriating beneath the hot jets of water my mind wandered to the events of the previous evening and I became increasingly horny despite my excesses of the previous day. I knew we were leaving to go home after breakfast, but hoped Uncle Ron might want me before we left the hotel. Naked, I sidled up to him as he sat on a chair, and said in my best 'little girl' voice, while touching him between the legs:
'Is there anything I can do for you this morning sir? I've been a very good girl.'
'Well there is, as a matter of fact, but it's not for me. It'll be fun, though,' he replied mysteriously.
I was just wondering what he meant when there was a sharp knock at the door. I quickly wrapped a towel around me as Uncle Ron got up and opened the door.
'Room service. Your breakfast sir,' said the male hotel employee, in what appeared to be a Mediterranean accent, either Spanish or Italian. Uncle Ron let him in and I could see that he was a short, portly man of around fifty, with swarthy skin and thinning oily black hair. He looked across at me and gave a knowing smirk and I looked down quickly to ensure that I was completely covered by the towel. After putting down the breakfast tray, Uncle Ron walked over and whispered something to him. The man grinned broadly and nodded his head briskly.
'Come over here, Juicy, and give our friend here his tip. I don't have any change.'
'Oh no, here we go again,' I thought to myself as I padded barefoot across the carpeted floor and stood sheepishly in front of him. I felt the familiar tingling sensation begin in my pussy as I contemplated what might happen next.
'Tell this nice man what you can do for him as a reward for his service,' commanded Uncle Ron.
'I looked down at the ground to avoid eye contact and said in a hoarse whisper:
'Err...I can...err...' my voice trailed off.
'Spit it out slut, he's not got all day,' said Uncle Ron.
'I can suck you sir,' I said quietly.
The man laughed out loud and made a quick grab for my towel which fell to the floor around my ankles. As I stood motionless, his little fat hands proceeded to grope my tits and, on cue, my nipples began to harden. He seemed fascinated by my puffy nipples as he tweaked them roughly between his fingers, causing me to cry out.
Uncle Ron placed his hands on my shoulders and pushed me down so that I was facing the man's crotch area and obligingly I reached up, undid his belt, unzipped his fly and pulled down his trousers. I then slowly pulled down his underpants and his erect prick sprang out into my face. It was short, about five inches, but quite thick and stood proud above a thick mass of black pubic hair. Thick black hair also covered his fat, rounded belly and his stocky thighs.
He took hold of the back of my head and pulled me towards him and I opened my mouth and took him all the way inside. I could hear him making strange guttural sounds as I moved my lips up and down his thick little cock and I looked up and saw his cheeks puffed out and his face turning bright red.
'You please Francisco missy,' he muttered. 'You make me come in your pretty little mouth.'
He lay back on the bed and I knelt between his legs as I continued to lick and such him while moving my hands inside his shirt and across his hairy belly and chest.
He suddenly grunted loudly and, as he came I closed my mouth around him. His hips bounced on the bed as he spurted his seed and I swallowed it greedily as he held my head tightly.
When he had finished discharging his load, I took my mouth away and his softening little cock was still oozing the last remnants of his spunk.
'You can't leave him like that, slut. Lick him clean,' said Uncle Ron, who had been watching the scene in amazement. I dutifully carried out his wishes and lapped up the remaining liquid, much to the further pleasure of Francisco. After I had finished and Francisco had made himself decent, he tried to make me agree to see him again.
'You come back and see Francisco again and we hump all day and make little babies,' he said, in his faltering English. However, Uncle Ron intervened and ushered him to the door. As he reluctantly left, I could hear him mumbling to himself:
'I love little English girls, they so dirty.'
'You are indeed an amazing slut,' said Uncle Ron with an admiring tone as he shook his head in disbelief at what he had witnessed. With the residue of Francisco's sperm trickling down my chin, I looked down sheepishly and just nodded my head in agreement.