I wanted to write this story, not only to entertain but to reinforce the ideal that during our lifetime we make choices and there are always consequences for those choices we make. Sometimes the consequences are great and work out well while other times the consequences are not so good and we have to be willing to accept the penalty for our bad choices.
As the story unfolds there will be detailed descriptions of some events while at other times there will only be passing information so you will have an idea what the characters have been through before we get to the climax.
This story is very long and has many true facts about one family's life and lifestyle. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the persons involved.
You may want to read the previous chapters first so you will have an idea what our characters have been up to.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
*
Chapter 8
We headed for the pool and once everyone was in the water we splashed each other for a few minutes. All of us were laughing and enjoying the water, sun and friendship. I picked up the ball we had played with earlier and tossed it to Mike and then he tossed it to Beth. Without planning, we moved into pairs and the pair in the middle tried to catch the ball. My mom and I defended the deep end of the pool while Beth and Mike defended the shallow end leaving Donna and Sarah in the middle trying to catch the ball as it was thrown from one end to the other. All of us had marvelous views of Donna and Sarah as they jumped up and out of the water stretching to reach the ball as we tossed it back and forth. The game quickly became a contact sport with Donna and Sarah moving close to the person with the ball and trying to knock the ball out of their hands.
Donna and Sarah swam or ran back and forth in attempt to grab or catch the ball which failed each time. After chasing the ball for awhile without success they started cheating. They moved close to one of us with the ball and while one would attempt to take the ball away the other resorted to reaching for cocks, breasts or pussies. They didn't care what they grabbed and sometimes held onto the grabbed part even after the ball was thrown to the other end of the pool. In my case both Donna and Sarah took turns grabbing my cock and stroking it a few times before releasing it. I know my mom squealed a few times so they must have grabbed something on mom to.
We played the game for about a half an hour before all of us started to tire. As the game died down we moved closer to the shallow end of the pool and lay back in the water and talked. Donna got out of the pool to go check on the baby even though we had a baby monitor on the table in case the baby cried. When she returned Donna had a tray with beer and snacks on it. She set the tray down on the edge of the pool and we moved in to take a beer and select one of the snacks.
We stayed in the pool talking and floating and enjoying the company. There was no talk of sex this time however there was much discussion about our personal lives and personal goals. All of us shared something with the group and some even shared little known facts about their personal life. It was wonderful to lie in the water and have the sun shine down on our nude bodies.
Donna heard the baby start to fuss and she and Beth got out of the pool. They picked up their towels the dry off and then went into the house to care for the baby. Mom moved closer to me and started stroking my cock and I reciprocated by fingering her clit. Mike and Sarah watched us for a few moments and then moved closer together and followed our lead.
Sarah asked my mom, "Are you excited about making love to Matt?"
Mom looked at me and then back at Sarah and Mike before saying, "That's a simple question with a very complex answer. Yes, I am looking forward to the moment when I can feel my son's cock enter my pussy. Yes, it excites me and I get wet thinking about what it will be like to have another man's cock in me. Like Beth, I've never made love to any other man except my husband. I would have never thought this opportunity would come along but since it has, I'm going to seize the moment and enjoy what life has to offer."
I took mom's hand in mine and squeezed it a little and while looking at mom I said, "I've always loved you deeply and when I was a teenager I always thought you were the most beautiful woman I knew. Sometimes you were even a vision in my dreams, if you know what I mean."
I said, "Mom, all of the guys who came to our house used to tell me how "hot" you were. They used to tell me how lucky I was and they wished they could switch places with me. The guys voted you to be the hottest mom in the neighborhood. At first it pissed me off to hear them say all the things they'd love to do to you if they got the chance. When I really took a good look at you for myself, I realized they were telling the truth. You were and still are a very "hot" mom."
Mom blushed at my last few words and then shyly said, "Matt you didn't really think about me that way, did you?"
I looked mom straight in the eyes and said, "Yes mom I used to think about what it would be like to see you naked to be with you and to make love to you.
Mom really started to blush before saying, "Matt, stop that, you're making me blush."
I said, "Mom I'm telling you the truth!"
Mike spoke up, "If you don't mind a second opinion, I have to agree with Matt, you look exceptionally good for being a mother. The reason I can say that is because I've seen all of you and you've caused me to get hard looking at your naked body."
Sarah was next to say, "Yes Brenda, you are a very hot mom and friend. We shared each other's bodies today and I can say from a personal point of view, I will have sex again with you any time you want to have me. You made me feel so special when you offered to lick my clitty, that's why I wanted to do the same to you."
Our conversation moved on to other things for the next 30 minutes or so before we decided to get out of the pool. We picked up our towels and as we started to dry off mom asked Sarah if she would help her. Sarah dropped her towel and used mom's to dry her off paying particular attention to mom's breasts and pussy. Then mom picked up Sarah's towel and began drying Sarah.
I left the three of them alone after I finished drying myself and walked into the house to find Donna. Both Beth and Donna were in the nursery and Donna was patting the baby's back in the final moments of getting the baby settled down and back to sleep. I peered over Donna's shoulder at our beautiful baby and whispered, "Looks just as beautiful as her mom." Donna smiled at me and stepped back from the crib and all three of us stood and looked at Kim as she slept.
After a few minutes we walked quietly out of the room towards the kitchen. On the way I said, "Honey I want to ask you something before we order the food for tonight."
Beth and Donna turned towards me and I said, "We talked earlier about what we will be doing when the food is delivered and I have an additional idea which I have to ask you about first before I say anything to Sarah."
Donna asked, "What's on your mind honey?"
I reached out and took Donna's hand and led her towards the counter and I positioned her the way I would be standing later behind Sarah. Standing behind Donna I said, "If Sam is delivering our food tonight I was thinking, if both you and Sarah agree, I could stand behind Sarah like I'm behind you now but only with a hardon. My cock would between her legs and it would look like I was fucking her from the doorway."
Donna looked at me smiling and said, "That's a wonderful idea Matt. With the rest of us nude, we could really have some fun at the expense of Sam."
Beth was all for the plan to when she said, "Let me go stand at the door and see where both of you will have to stand to get the best profile."
Beth walked to the front door and opened it. She stepped outside onto the porch and then turned around so she was facing towards us. After taking a few seconds to look over the situation she told us where to move and mentioned that we really needed to have the kitchen light on for the proper effect. Then Beth said, "There's one problem I see, Matt's cock isn't hard so I can't get an accurate picture of what it would look like."
Donna said, "Mom, we don't want him hard now if we are going to do this later."
Beth said, "Good point, Matt if you stand where you are now, whoever comes to the door will have the best profile view of you."
With that part settled the three of us walked out to the patio and found Mike, Sarah and Mom sitting at the table. We walked over and Donna asked, "Sarah do you want to have some additional fun if Sam delivers our food?"
Sarah perked right up and said, "Sure, what do you have in mind?"
Donna described my suggestion to her then asked her if she would like to stand in the place by the counter with me so the rest of them could look and see what it would look like from the door. All of us got up and walked into the kitchen and while Sarah and I stayed by the counter everyone else walked to the door. Donna opened the door and everyone stepped out. I positioned Sarah where I had stood minutes before with Donna. With everyone looking in at us, Sarah and I looked over our right shoulders at them.
As they looked, Donna casually said, "You know it would be much better if Matt had a hardon and his cock was poking Sarah. It would look like he is fucking her from behind. Matt and Sarah could even start moving back and forth to simulate sex."
Donna looked at Mike and then at Sarah, "What do you two think of that?"
Mike was ecstatic and with a big smile on his face he said, "Sam would sure be jealous to think about all the times he felt your pussy and didn't get any closer than outside your clothes."
Sarah had a broad smile on her face and she added, "He would think I was being fucked while all of you naked people were at the door, I'll even bet he will ask to join is because he's such a bold bastard."
I looked at Sarah and asked, "Are you sure you won't mind me sliding my cock in next to your pussy while they have some fun with Sam or whoever comes to the door?"
Sarah looked over her shoulder and said, "Matt after the fun we've shared today, you could put your cock in my pussy and I wouldn't mind."
My reply to Sarah was, "For right now, I will slide my cock between your pussy lips like Donna had Mike do this afternoon."
Sarah leaned back into me and said, "Anything you want Matt, it's yours if you want it."
With everything settled and everyone in agreement to really ham it up when our food was delivered, we decided it was time to make an order. We had a joint discussion on what everyone liked and finally came up with an order that would make the meal special for each of us.
By general consensus it was decided that Mike would call and make the order. After ordering our food and finding out how long before the order should arrive, Mike asked who was delivering. We saw Mike smile broadly and then he hung up the phone.
Mike said, "Our food will be here in about forty five minutes and the best part is Sam is delivering tonight!"
Sarah hugged me saying, "Tonight lover boy, you own only the second cock ever allowed to be near my pussy. I want you to make it look good and I will even moan a bit more to make the whole situation look convincing."
Sarah looked at everyone else and asked, "When you are at the door would each you of you do me a favor and make a big deal out of Matt and I? I want Sam to really think I am being fucked by stranger."
There was some excited mixed talking and one by one, Mike, Donna, Beth and my mom each agreed to make more of the situation that we had originally agreed upon. Sarah was excited that she was going to be paying Sam back in spades.
Together we walked back out on the patio and sat down at the table. This time when we sat down I sat between mom and Beth and Donna and Sarah sat on either side of Mike. Once seated all of the female slid down in their chairs and spread their legs as wide as the chair would allow. Mike and I followed allowing our cocks to hang over our balls. All of us sat spread wide open so anyone of us could freely look.
Our discussion once again came around to what it would be like to tease Sam and have Sam see Sarah and I. Mike seemed to be just as excited am me knowing I would be standing behind Sarah with my cock rubbing against his girlfriend's pussy. I looked at my watch and noticed that we only had about five minutes left before the projected time of delivery. Since all of us were so comfortable with each other being naked, neither male had a hardon. I said if we were going to make this happen the way we talked about then something would have to happen soon to get us hard.
Donna and Sarah looked at each other over Mike's lap and then both of them stood up. They looked at each other for a moment and then embraced in a loving hug. We could see them whispering in each other's ear and when they stepped apart, Sarah walked over to me and Donna stood in front of Mike.
Sarah looked at me and then sunk to her knees and at the same moment Donna sunk to her knees in front of Mike. Sarah leaned in and kissed my cock followed closely by a lick which made my cock twitch. Then she extended her tongue and licked my balls back up to the head of my cock. Without using her hands she captured my cock in her warm wet mouth and started sucking using her tongue do a lot of the work. My cock responded immediately. From the other side of the table we could hear Mike moan loudly so I knew that Donna must have done something delightful for him.
Sarah worked my cock around in her mouth and my cock was rock had instantly. I moaned also to show Sarah my appreciation for what she was doing. Then a wicked thought popped into my head and I said, "Sarah, Donna let's go over to the cushions."
Sarah and Donna stood up and Mike and I followed them over to the cushions. I took the lead and lay down on my back and motioned for Sarah to get on top of me with her pussy over my face. Mike was soon lying on the cushion next to me and Donna moved into position over Mike's face.
Over the next few minutes that were moans coming from both sets of cushions as both of us took care of our partner. I stopped long enough to warn Sarah she had to slow down or I would cum in her mouth which wouldn't serve the purpose for our plans. On the other hand I attacked Sarah's pussy and made her have two orgasms before we heard the door bell ring.
Everything came to a screeching halt and then we scrambled to stand up. Beth and mom met us by the patio door and Mike and I high fived each other as our hard cocks led the way into the house. The door bell had already sounded a second time as Sarah and I got into position at the end of the counter.
Looking at the counter Donna asked, "Where's the money for dinner?"
The door bell rang again and I told her, "Don't worry about the money you can get it after you've answered the door."
I stepped behind Sarah and she parted her legs and then reached between them and found the head of my cock and held it between her slippery pussy lips then she closed her legs trapping my cock in place. We finished just in time before they opened the door after the fourth ring of the door bell.
I started moving my hips back and forth and I could feel the heat of Sarah's pussy build as I moved. Her juices made her pussy so slippery one false move and I would be inside her. I moved slowly and deliberately to make sure we were putting on a good show when the time came.
I tried not to pay any attention to the action by the door so Sarah and I could put on an award winning performance. I was moving slowly then Sarah started moving and I heard her moans getting louder with each thrust of my cock. I held onto her hips so I could control our tempo because if we moved to fast I would cum and I didn't want that to happen.
Suddenly my concentration was broken when Donna asked me where I'd put the money for dinner. For the first time since the door was opened Sarah and I looked towards the door and saw mom, Beth, Mike and Donna had the doorway mostly blocked and we could just see the head of someone out on the porch.
I looked at Donna and said, "Oops, I was so interested in getting my cock into this hot young lady, I forgot to get the money out of my wallet. You'll have to go into the bedroom and get the money."
Donna smiled at me and stepped away from the group inside the door leaving a hole and as soon as that happened, I saw a male sidestep and look into the house directly at Sarah and me.
I continued to move back and forth and felt the sudden change in the way Sarah was moving. I looked at Sarah and saw she was looking at the open door and the person on the porch. Both of her hands were on the top of the counter and she was pushing back at me as I pushed forward towards her. Without giving me any indication she was moving Sarah dropped down to her elbows on the counter and changed the angle of her body and when I pushed forward my cock slipped all the way into her pussy. I was shocked and stopped moving until Sarah softly and quietly whispered, "Oh My God, don't stop now, you're already in me!"
I was confused and wanted to pull out but I didn't want to make it to obvious that we were only faking sex before this moment.
As I started to move again I hoarsely whispered back at Sarah, "But my cock is inside you and that wasn't supposed to happen."
Sarah whispered back, "We'll tell everyone later but right not, Sam is at the door and I want to do this, so keep going. Matt, hold my tits while you fuck me so he can't see them."
I moved my hands off Sarah's hips and reached up and cupped her tits and used the index finger on each hand to rub her nipples while the rest of my hand massaged her tits.
Sarah started moving her hips and shortly started to verbalize her appreciation for the fucking she was receiving. Sarah moaned loudly enough for everyone to hear saying, "Oh Matt fill me with your cock and I love to be fucked hard and fast.
When Sarah said that, Mike turned slowly towards Beth as she reached out and held Mike's hard cock in her hand. Beth stroked Mike's cock with the same rhythm as Sarah and me. Both of them stood watching us when Mike said, "That's right Matt; she loves to be fucked hard and fast."
Then Mike added, "Her pussy gets so tight and wet when people watch her get fucked it feels great doesn't it?
I looked at Mike and then at the guy craning his neck to look over the shoulders of mom and Beth and said, "Oh Mike, her pussy feels just great, I know you normally don't share Sarah but thank you so much for letting me fuck her."
After I finished talking Beth said, "I don't know what's taking Donna so long but I'm getting horny and I need a cock in my pussy soon!"
Then my mom said to Beth, "I get to fuck Mike next, you've already sucked his cock and it's my turn to fuck his brains out."
Sarah and I were looking towards the door and I had trouble suppressing my smile but I did fairly well when I said, "Ladies, ladies, ladies I think it's my wife's turn to take a ride on Mike's cock but both of you can play with him until she gets back."
I watched Sarah immediately turn her head away from the door and in a weak attempt to moan I could feel Sarah shake from her silent laughter.
Sam stood outside the door holding the tray with the food on it and he didn't know where to look. I saw his eyes dart from one female to the other and then at Sarah bent over the counter receiving the fucking that he always wanted to give her but never made it to first base.
Donna walked back into the room with the money in her hand apologizing for taking so long giving the excuse that she couldn't find my wallet. I knew Donna had taken extra time to get the money because my wallet is always on our dresser when I'm at home. Donna walked to the door and stood facing Sam. I watched her intentionally part her feet so her pussy would be on display for Sam. I was proud of my wife for adlibbing and helping to stretch out the delivery.
Mom said, "Let me take the food from you so Donna can pay you."
Sam handed mom the tray with the food on it and mom walked towards the kitchen and put the food on the counter top not far from where we were standing. When she was finished she winked at us and walked back to the door with the tray.
Once Sam had the tray tucked under his arm he was unsuccessfully trying to pay attention to Donna counting the money. His head rolled from side to side trying to see all the naked tits and pussy in the room but he always seemed to look at Sarah and I the longest.
Mom caused the next distraction when she turned away from the door and parted her feet and bending at her waist she asked Sam, "Do you think my pussy looks wet enough to take a stiff cock in it?"
Sam stood there and stared at mom's spread open and very wet pussy and all he could do is visibly gulp before saying, "I don't know what to say to you ma'am but you sure do look wonderful from where I'm standing."
Not to be outdone Beth turned around and mimicked mom and asked Sam the same question and then went a step further and asked him, "If you had a chance, which pussy would you fuck first?"
Once again Sam stood at the door and stared between both spread open pussies before him. To make matter worse, Mike dipped his finger into Beth's pussy then put his finger in his mouth and licked it clean. Then he did the same thing to my mom. Mike looked at Donna and without a word said between them, Mike reached out and inserted his finger into Donna's pussy and licked it clean. Mike looked at Sam and said it's hard to decide which one of these wonderful pussies are the best so I guess I will have to spend all night sampling each one over and over again to make that decision.
Sam was beside himself to see two of his high school classmates enjoying themselves and with the indication that there was a free for all orgies going to happen at this house. Sam finally found his voice and said, "Mike ole buddy, I can help you take care of all these women. It looks like this is a dream come true."
After hearing that mom and Beth stood up and along with Donna they gathered around Mike and with Donna holding Mike's hard cock in her hand, she looked at Sam and said, "If we don't invite you in then the odds will be four to two and that means Mike and Matt can have two females all night long. I love nice even numbers and I can't wait to get back to what we were doing."
Donna looked at Sam and said, "Well sonny, I hope you enjoyed the view but we are very happy to keep our party small enough so no one will be inclined to brag about how many females they bagged in a night."
Donna turned and looked at Sarah and I and asked, "Sarah are you going to say good-bye to your little friend?"
Sarah smiled and said, "Good-bye little friend and then started laughing before saying, fuck me harder Matt!"
Donna said, "Yes Matt, give our lil sweetheart what she wants, you know she's been upset before by someone who tried to force her to do something she didn't want to do."
With a smile on her face Donna turned to the door and started to close it saying, "Good night Sam, and pleasant dreams."
When the door was closed all four of them burst out laughing and started walking towards us.
I started to pull out of Sarah but Sarah stopped me saying, "Matt please don't pull out of me yet."
Sarah looked at the four others and then said, "When we were faking sex, I moved and Matt slipped into my pussy and I asked him not to pull out. Donna he's still in my pussy now and I want to be honest and let you know."
Donna walked over to us and kissed me first and then leaned over and kissed Sarah on the lips. Donna stood up and said, "Oh my, we seem to have a situation here that will take a couple of us to decide what to do next."
Donna looked at Mike as he walked over to stand beside her. Mike leaned down and kissed Sarah and then looked at me. Then he asked, "Has she cum yet?
Both Sarah and I looked at Donna and Mike. After a brief few moments I said, "No Sarah hasn't cum yet and neither have I. We were too busy watching everything that was happening at the door."
Donna leaned down and whispered something in Sarah's ear then Sarah whispered in Donna's ear. The rest of us were left to wonder what the two women were planning.
Donna stepped back next to Mike and then invited her mom and my mom to step up and watch Sarah and me.
Once everyone was gathered around us Donna said, "Matt we want you to make Sarah have an orgasm and after you do that, you can pull out of her when you are close to your own orgasm and I will suck your cock."
Sarah smiled at me and when I looked at Mike he was smiling at me and suddenly I felt the pressure to perform in front of everyone which seemed to be different than everything that happened during the day. I started pumping Sarah's pussy with abandon and everyone could hear the slapping of my hips against Sarah's ass cheeks. Sarah started moaning and asking me to fuck her harder and faster.
Standing right beside me Beth looked at Mike and asked him, "Do you like anal sex?
Mike turned to Donna with a surprised look on his face and said, "I've never had anal sex, why are you asking."
Donna smiled and said, "I was wondering if you ever experimented and did anal sex with a girlfriend."
Blushing Mike responded, "No I've never attempted to have anal sex with Sarah.
Mike asked, "Why are you asking?"
Donna said, "I talked to Sarah and she said she liked my idea but I want to know, since Matt is having sex with Sarah and my pussy is out of order at this moment, would you like to have anal sex with me?"
I looked Mike who stood there kind of stunned and I said to him, "Mike what is right is right and if you want to fuck Donna's ass please enjoy yourself."
Mom and Beth stood on the other side of me and both of them were smiling and encouraging Mike to take Donna's offer.
Mike looked at me and said, "You all have been so nice to us and you did help up reap revenge of Sam and I want to say that it's not necessary for Donna to offer anal sex to me just because Matt is having sex with Sarah."
Donna turned Matt so he was facing her and she embraced him in a loving hug saying, "That's what makes you two so special, both of you are willing to give and receive but not because one has done something more than the other. I have a feeling you two are just like Matt and I and I think we want to have you over as often as possible to explore our lasting friendship."
Donna kissed him passionately while both our moms compared their mental notes aloud. Both of them agreed that Donna and I had shown the same signs when we were teenagers as Mike and Sarah were showing now.
Sarah started moaning she was going to cum and she reached between her legs and rubbed her clit as I pumped my cock into her soaked pussy. Within seconds Sarah was lost in her orgasmic interlude. She moaned and humped against my cock trying to get more of me inside her than she had until she slowly started to mellow in the afterglow.
During Sarah's orgasm I held her hips tightly and the rotations she performed with her hips caused her pussy to massage the head of my cock and I could feel my semen start to rise out of my balls and make the journey to my cock head.
I looked at Donna and said, "I'm almost ready it will only be a few more seconds."
Donna got down on her knees and then reached up for Mike's hand and pulled him down beside her. Mike started to say something but Donna turned to his and put her finger to her lips and said, "Shhhhhh its ok."
Mike and Donna watched me fuck Sarah's pussy and when I was ready, I gripped my cock and pulled out of Sarah and turned to Donna who was waiting with her mouth open and ready to receive my cock.
Sarah dropped to her knees on the other side and both she and Mike watched as my cock disappeared into Donna's mouth. I started to fuck Donna's mouth and seconds later I said, "Here it cums."
Without using her hands, Donna milked my cock dry and then went about cleaning my cock with her tongue. She stopped briefly and said to Sarah, "If you want to share your juices with me lean over here and lick his cock with me."
Sarah didn't hesitate to lean forward with her tongue extended and timidly started to lick my cock. Donna offered the end of my cock to Sarah and she took it into her mouth and sucked on it briefly before she offered it back to Donna. They took turns licking and sucking while Mike watched from his kneeling position beside me.
Beth finally spoke up and said, "This is the hottest thing I've ever seen."
My mom wrapped her arm around Beth and drew her in close to her and said, "This past couple of weeks have been the hottest events of my life and I'm so glad that I have such wonderful family to share with."
Mom said, "You know we will have to warm up the food before we eat it."
Donna looked up at mom and Beth saying, "We are finished here and while you warm up the food, I will go check on the baby."
Donna, Sarah and Mike stood up. Donna kissed me quickly and then left the room. I turned towards Mike and Sarah and Sarah stepped up to me and kissed me as well.
Mike reached out his hand and shook my hand saying, "Matt I want to thank you, Donna, Beth and Brenda so much for helping Sarah and I set up that little twerp Sam. He has been a pain in our asses for a long time now, after tonight maybe he will leave us alone."
I said to Mike, "I am happy that we could help you and Sarah solve your problem with Sam. I am sure he is most likely thinking he should have been kinder to you in the past after what he saw both of you doing tonight."
Mom and Beth stepped up to Mike and said, "Mike you and Sarah are well worth the effort to help both of you accomplish whatever you two want to do."
Mom spoke up and said, "Mike you haven't cum yet and if you want to fuck me, I would love to have your hard cock in me."
Mike looked at Sarah and with an agreeable smile Sarah said, "Brenda if you really mean that I will be very glad to line Mike's cock up to your pussy."
Mom smiled and turned around towards the counter and bent over at the waist. She parted her feet as Mike stepped up behind her. Sarah reached out and took Mike's cock in her hand and after a few strokes she rubbed the head of his cock up and down my mom's pussy. After the head of Mike's cock was wet she held it in line with mom's hole and Mike slowly leaned forward until he was completely buried in my mom's pussy.
I stood on one side of Sarah and Beth stood on the other side and all of us watched my mom being fucked by Mike. It was strange for me to see my mom taking a cock but I know she was doing it because she wanted to fuck Mike, not because she was being made to fuck him.
Donna joined us after a while and commented, "Brenda you look so happy being fucked by Mike, and I only wish that I could be in your place."
I looked at Donna and said, "Honey when the time is right for you, I will be more than happy to help Mike fuck your wonderful tight pussy to."
Donna smiled at me saying, "I love you so much Matt and I know when I am ready, you will encourage and help me fulfill whatever I want to do."
Sarah spoke up saying, "I love all of you guys and I want all of you to know I will share my body with each and every one of you, if you want me."
Mike was fucking my mom and he turned to look at us and said, "I agree with Sarah, I am willing to share my body with each of you to. Matt, I am not gay but if you ever want to experiment I am willing to try something but I'm not completely sure I could go through with too much."
Mike's statement took me by surprise and all I could say is, "Mike, we'll have to see what happens when the time comes."
I saw mom turn towards me and smile while Donna reached around me and started stroking my cock.
All of us watched as mom reached a couple of orgasms before Mike announced that he was going to cum soon. Mom said, "Mike, please cum in me and fill me up, I'm safe so I won't get pregnant."
Mike gripped mom's hips and pumped his cock hard and fast into mom's pussy. Mom started panting and moaning and she announced that she was about to have another orgasm. Mom put her finger on her clit and rubbed. Suddenly, there several loud moans coming from both mom and Mike as each of them reached the peak of their individual orgasm. The sound of slapping flesh subsided and as spectators we could tell that both were basking in the afterglow of sex.
When both of them stood up and turned towards each other, mom hugged Mike and kissed him passionately before releasing him and turning to Sarah. Mom embraced Sarah and both of them joined in a passionate kiss that lasted about thirty seconds.
I suggested that each of us take a shower before we warmed up the food. Since the shower in our master bathroom was larger I offered to share it with Donna, Mike and Sarah leaving mom and Beth to use the hall bathroom shower. As we parted company on the way to the shower Beth said, "Please only take a shower and get back here, I'm hungry!" All of us laughed and continued on to our respective showers.
By the time we finished our shower and got back out to the kitchen mom and Beth were warming the food and Beth asked us as we arrived, "Since we are warming the food all of you can get what we need set up on the table so we can eat in the few minutes."
Within minutes we had the table ready and everything was warm and we sat down to eat. There was lively talk around the table as if we had known each other for years.
Beth asked Mike and Sarah, "Do either of you have any plans for tonight or do you have to work tomorrow morning?"
After a brief discussion between Sarah and Mike, Sarah said, "We don't have any plans for tonight and we don't have to work in the morning."
Beth smiled at Donna and me and after a nod of Beth's head Donna asked, "Would both of you like to spend the night here with us?"
With wide smiles on their faces both Mike and Sarah said in unison, "Yes!"
The excitement around the table took on a whole new atmosphere and with the events of the day behind us there was no telling what would happen overnight.
*
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story and if you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.