Sam
"What about the guy over there in the Bears hoodie?"
It was Friday night, and I was out at a bar with Mark, discussing his latest assignment for me: I was to flirt with another guy while wearing the remote control vibrator he'd gotten for me, while he controlled it through an app from across the room.
I smiled and waited a beat before turning around to check out the guy Mark picked out, trying not to be too obvious about it. I followed his gaze until I found the hoodie. The guy was pretty tall; definitely over six feet, and taller than the other guys around him. Other than that, the first things I noticed were his broad shoulders and sandy brown hair that was long enough to be messy in a stylish way, but not enough to be a mop.
"Yeah, he's cute," I shrugged when I turned back, taking a sip of my drink to hide my smile.
Mark smirked back at me, knowingly. "You should walk past him on your way to the bathroom to turn Eggy on, so I can watch and see if he checks you out."
"Okay," I agreed easily, still feeling a nervous thrill from the thought of Mark attempting to set me up with another guy like this. But I owned it, pulling down the front of my shirt a little, undoing an extra button. "Let's see if I can improve my chances a little."
"Do one more," Mark encouraged, reaching for my top and pulling open another button, revealing more cleavage and some lace from my black bra, which he'd picked out for me to wear.
I laughed and finished my drink before getting up to go fulfill Mark's dare, glancing quickly at the guy in the hoodie as I walked by, opening my purse and digging around. I came to a full stop just a few feet in front of him, turning back as if I'd forgotten something. Then, I spilled the contents of my purse, giving me an excuse to bend over and give him a look up my denim skirt as I looked around and started gathering my things.
Teasing Mark was a bonus. I smirked when I looked up to see him smiling and shaking his head at my obvious ploy. Then he nodded towards my right, and I turned to see the guy in the hoodie reaching out to hand me back my keys. He'd taken the bait.
"Thanks," I smiled, laughing a little and not having to fake my blush. "Sorry, I guess the drinks must be pretty strong here."
The guy laughed with me kindly. "No worries. You got everything?"
I looked around and checked the floor again, leaning just enough to give him a good angle to see down my shirt. "I think so..."
As I turned back, I caught him clearly staring at my cleavage on display.
"Thanks again," I said, smirking as I turned to continue on my way to the bathroom.
In the stall, I propped one foot up on the toilet seat and hiked my skirt up, then pulled my black lace underwear aside. Gripping the tail of the toy, I pressed the button to turn it on and felt it immediately vibrate to life. Then, taking advantage of the privacy, I tugged on the tail until the egg-shaped part of the toy was breaching my opening, pushing and pulling him in and out a few times. It was coated in wetness and made a slick sound that I could just hear over the muffled music coming from out in the bar area. Apparently, teasing the stranger was getting me excited.
On my way back from the bathroom, I couldn't help glancing over to where the guy in the hoodie and his friends stood near the bar. He caught my gaze, looking at me and smiling again too.
"That was fun," I said to Mark as I sat back on my stool.
He'd moved to sit on the corner across from me, creating a space between us.
"Yes, it was," he agreed. "It was hot watching his reaction when you bent over in front of him like a horny slut."
"Yeah?" I asked, feeling a strange excitement at his fairly degrading comment.
"He keeps looking over here," Mark added without responding.
I smiled, somehow resisting the urge to turn around and see for myself. "Should I button back up?" I asked to check in, to make sure he was still fine with things going further.
"No," he answered quickly.
I smirked back at him. "Any other dares, then?"
"Hmm..." Mark thought, considering his next command.
"Can I get you anything else?" the bartender asked from the other side of the counter, gesturing at my empty glass.
"She's okay for now," Mark answered for me, getting up suddenly with his drink.
I looked up at him, the confusion evident on my face.
"Stay here with your empty glass," he said with a wink, before I could get up to follow him.
The nervous excitement bubbled up inside me as I kept my seat at the bar, biting my lip and waiting to see what would happen. I didn't dare look back at the guy in the hoodie right away, asking myself how long I should wait before making another move.
But it turned out I didn't need to worry about that.
"Looks like you're ready for another drink. Or did you lose that, too?"
I turned on my stool, already knowing I'd see the gray hoodie with a big orange C when I turned around.
"No, not lost," I joked back. "But I'm thinking I might want to take it easy since I'm already dropping my shit all over the place tonight."
He smiled. "Yeah, I'm not sure that's a problem, though."
"No?" I asked, the corner of my mouth crooking up into a questioning smile.
"Well, you definitely caught my attention when you bent over to pick it up. I wouldn't mind following you around and watching you do that all night."
I laughed and blushed, enjoying the attention and feeling turned on enough to push things further.
"Can I get you another drink?"
"Sure," I agreed, easily. "I'll take a screwdriver."
He got the bartender's attention and ordered my drink and another beer for himself.
"I'm Jeff, by the way," he said, turning back to me while we waited for the drinks.
"I'm Sam," I answered.
"Very nice to meet you, Sam. Having a fun night so far?"
I felt the ongoing tingles as Eggy continued vibrating inside me and couldn't help smiling. "Yeah, it has been pretty fun so far."
"Glad to hear it. Hope it continues that way."
"What about you?" I asked, my eyes flitting between his and his lips.
"Well, I have to say your tease has been the highlight so far."
"Hmm. But you're only interested in following me around and watching for the rest of the night?"
Jeff smirked. "I'm sure I could be talked into more."
The bartender returned with our drinks then, a momentary interruption to our banter. Deciding to push things a step further, I shifted on the stool until I was facing Jeff, my legs spreading open as I reached for my purse, taking out my wallet.
"I can pay for it," I said, even though he'd already offered.
"Nah, I got it," he responded, paying the bartender and then turning back to me.
His eyes were pretty instantly drawn to the milky skin of my uncrossed thighs, as my skirt had ridden up. He didn't look away, and the attention sent another shiver of excitement through me. I bit my lip to hide a smirk, my chest heaving slightly with more labored breaths. It felt like we were in a standoff: I wasn't going to close my legs, and he wasn't going to look away until I did.
Rather than giving in, I hooked my foot around his calf, slyly tugging him another half step closer.
Then I felt Eggy's vibrations suddenly increase in power. I hadn't looked around to see where Mark had ended up, but I guessed he had found a new spot to watch from a distance, controlling Eggy. As much as I felt the tingle of the increased vibrations, I was more excited by the reminder that Mark was nearby watching, possibly getting hard as I flirted with another guy.
"Cheers," Jeff smiled then, his voice coming out a little shaky as he held up his beer, waiting for me to clink my drink against his.
I smirked and returned the gesture, taking a sip before setting my glass back down on the coaster that the bartender had provided.
"So what kind of trouble are you trying to get up to tonight, then?" he asked playfully, stepping even closer as we continued to drink and flirt.
"Me? Trouble?" I asked, with an expression of mock offense.
"Oh, big time," he asserted, his eyes roaming slowly down, landing on my cleavage and then the spot where the tops of my thighs disappeared under my skirt. "You're all kinds of trouble, I can tell."
While I was distracted, following his gaze, his fingertips brushed over my leg lightly, just above my knee, causing another tingle that shot straight up to my pussy, mingling with the tingles from Eggy.
"Sounds like you're complaining," I teased back, as he placed his hand more firmly on my leg.
He shook his head, leaning in closer, his hand sliding up my thigh until it reached the hem of my skirt. I was too close to notice where he was looking, but I knew that at this angle, he must have a pretty good view down my shirt. I could feel his breath on my neck as he said, "I wouldn't dream of it."
My back arched suddenly with another involuntary shiver, bringing us even closer together. His fingers played with the hem of my skirt before slipping down between my inner thighs.
I sighed, a soft moan escaping as his fingers continued upwards. "That's good," I said in response to his last comment. "I have to say I'm not accustomed to complaints."
A chuckle vibrated through him, and I felt it through his lips as he brushed them over the side of my neck, just below my ear. "I don't imagine you are."
Just as his fingers were about to brush over my pussy through the lace of my panties, I held his arm back, not wanting him to discover Eggy.
"Want to dance?" I asked with a smirk as we both pulled back just enough to make eye contact again.
"Yeah, sure," he agreed with a devious grin.
"That look!" I teased. "Seems like trouble recognizes trouble."
Jeff laughed along and stepped back, retracting his hand from up my skirt with some reluctance, allowing me to stand.
As we each took a few big gulps to finish our drinks, I glanced around the bar, looking for Mark. I finally spotted him sitting across the room, my lips crooking up into a smirk as our eyes met and he winked back at me. I wondered just how much he was enjoying the show so far, whether he was getting hard yet. That thought made me want to up my game a little more, to turn him on as much as possible.
Jeff's hand never left my hip as we made our way through the crowd to the dance floor. I led us to a spot where Mark would have a clear view, looking for him again as I felt Jeff's hand slide to the front of my hip and stomach, pulling me back against him. I sighed in response, leaning back against his chest as he started grinding, pressing himself into me.
We "danced" like that for a few songs, basically just swaying and grinding together to the music. I shivered involuntarily when I felt his lips brush against my neck again, nibbling and sucking on my earlobe while his hands roamed over my waist and stomach, up under my shirt, then down to my thighs, and back around to my ass. He continued pressing himself into me from behind, and I felt his hard cock through his jeans.
Then, Eggy ramped up another level, as if Mark could tell how carried away I was getting, wanting to remind me he was still there, and to push me even further. Jeff had to be feeling the vibrations as I was practically humping his thigh. I tilted my head to the side, allowing him to kiss and bite my neck, reaching back to squeeze his thigh.
I looked at Mark again and tried to smile, but I could feel the pleasure taking over and knew it must be evident on my face. It was a struggle to maintain eye contact as I felt Jeff's hard cock grinding against my ass through our clothes, causing an involuntary moan.
Suddenly, he turned me around by my hips until I faced him, pulling me in with a hand behind my neck and kissing me right away.
I moaned into him, my hands finding his waist. Several moments must've passed before the thought of pulling back even crossed my mind. But even as it did, I felt Jeff pulling me closer with a hand firmly on my ass, until my breasts pressed into his chest. My hands slid up under his hoodie, nails lightly scratching his waist and back as he resumed grinding against me.
Then he took one of my hands and brought it down between our bodies, placing it firmly on his bulge as his lips found my neck once again, kissing, sucking, biting.
My lips parted as another involuntary moan escaped. I could feel how hot my face was as I flushed with arousal.
Then I made eye contact with Mark again. I felt almost embarrassed by how quickly things had escalated with this stranger, my hand squeezing around his bulge, rubbing his cock through his jeans.
Mark's eyes dropped as he realized what was happening. The look on his face was almost inscrutable from a distance, but then he smiled at me and nodded, and I knew he was giving me permission to go for it.
The thought of Mark watching as I got so turned on with this random guy sent another jolt of arousal to my clit, and I squeezed Jeff's cock even tighter in response. At the same time, I felt the intensity of Eggy's vibrations increase again, to the highest setting. Keeping my eyes on Mark, I let out a loud moan, right into Jeff's ear as my whole body tensed up and suddenly I was cumming, right there in the middle of the bar.
Jeff's hands squeezed my ass through my skirt and he groaned, making me think he must've realized what just happened.
"Keep rubbing my cock," he said into my ear, making me think he wanted me to make him cum right there, too.
That orgasm had taken me by surprise. But as turned on as I was with Jeff, I realized I didn't actually want to waste any more of the night doing anything with anyone but Mark. I wanted to feel how hard his cock was, as he watched me kissing and groping another guy, cumming in his arms.
So I looked for Mark again. As soon as our eyes met this time, Mark got up from his stool and nodded his head toward the exit as if to say, "Let's go."
My smile grew as I pulled back from Jeff fairly abruptly. "I'm sorry, I have to go," I apologized, not waiting for a response before I hurried after Mark.
I looked both ways as I left the bar, spotting him as he turned around a corner to the side of the building. As soon as I caught up and rounded the corner myself, Mark was there, grabbing me and pushing me up against the wall.
I gasped and then moaned, my hands on him frantically, tugging him closer, kissing him right away and reaching for his cock, rubbing him through his jeans. I felt how hard he was after watching the show I'd put on for him with Jeff, and it turned me on so much that I knew I was going to cum again quickly.
"I got so hard watching you cum in the middle of the dance floor, rubbing him. You wanted his cock, didn't you?" Mark asked, his gruff voice in my ear.
"I want your cock," I answered. "Right now." Then, without warning, I opened his pants and reached inside, wrapping my hand around him and stroking. "I need to feel you inside me."
He groaned into me as his hands slid down to the hem of my skirt and pulled, hiking the stiff denim up to my waist and then reaching between my legs with one hand. His fingers slipped under the seam of my lacy underwear and tugged them aside, finding Eggy's tail and wiggling it, smiling at me.
I smiled back and moaned, biting my lip and grinding my hips as he tugged on the tail. "I feel close again already."
Mark pulled until Eggy was right at my opening, stretching me. "I want you to cum for me."
"Fuck! I need to," I moaned.
He left it right there, the widest part of the toy stretching the tightest part of me, the strong vibrations causing tingles everywhere as he leaned back in and bit my ear.
"Oh god," I groaned.
"Cum, Sam," he commanded, right in my ear. His fingers pressed into my clit and circled fast. "Cum now. Then I'm going to fuck you right here while you're still clenching."
My head rolled back, and I moaned louder, not caring who might hear. It only took a few moments, a few strokes over my clit before I was cumming hard, my body convulsing as Mark pinned me against the brick wall of the bar.
He moaned in my ear, letting me ride out the waves of pleasure. Then he pulled Eggy out by the tail and pushed me back against the wall, lifting my leg and thrusting his hard cock inside.
"Yesss!" I yelled, my orgasm extending as Mark filled me. "Fuck me! I need you! I need your cock!"
Mark grunted, pushing deep inside my clenching pussy. He gave me what I wanted and fucked me against the wall, thrusting in and out, fast and hard.
I reached up to run my fingers into his hair, tugging him close, kissing him.
He kissed me back, growling into my mouth and maintaining it as long as he could bear. Then he pulled my hair back, causing my back to arch and allowing him to thrust harder, deeper. With his other hand, he pulled my bra down until my breasts popped out, my shirt hanging open, exposing me even further right there in the alley beside the bar as he fucked me.
"Did his cock feel big?" Mark asked.
I guessed he wanted to hear me admit it. "Yes. It felt big when he was pressing it into me, and when he put my hand on it."
"You wanted to fuck him, didn't you? Tell me!"
I yelled out as he forced me back against the wall with a couple more hard thrusts. "Yes... I got really wet seeing you watching like that. I was tempted to let him fuck me right there in the bar."
He squeezed my ass, practically holding me up with his hands under my ass and thigh. "You wanted to feel him taking you right there?"
I groaned. "If he tried it, I don't think I could have stopped him."
Mark grunted, thrusting harder still. "He wanted to fuck you so bad. I can't wait to watch you get fucked. I want to feel your stretched pussy after he's done."
"Ohhh god!" I moaned. "I want you to watch somebody fuck me! I want to look at you while I cum on another cock! Then I want you to fuck me so hard after, just like this! I needed to feel how hard you were from watching."
Another grunt, and he shoved me harder into the wall, thrusting faster, pushing hard into me. "Such a good slut. Doing what and who I say."
"Yes! I love being your slut!"
"Fuck, I'm gonna cum! I love feeling how wet he made you. But I'm gonna make sure you know you're mine now."
"Yes! Please cum. Fill your slut's pussy. I want all of your cum! I need it."
"Argh! I'm cumming!" Mark grunted, pushing up and in deep with each shot as he came inside me.
I moaned and squeezed around him, my hands squeezing his ass and pulling him deeper as he filled me.
"Fuck," he groaned as he finished cumming, still pinning me to the wall.
"Mmm," I smiled and moaned. "Where's Eggy?"
Mark pulled the toy back out of his pocket, showing it to me.
"Put it back inside me? So it'll hold your cum inside me while I cum again."
Mark smirked and lowered Eggy between us as he pulled back slowly, quickly plugging my hole as he pulled out. "Naughty slut. So exposed, right outside the bar, where anyone could come around and see you with your skirt pulled up, pussy and ass exposed, getting fucked."
"Yess," I moaned, feeling Eggy slip back into me so easily through Mark's cum.
"Such a hot slut," he said, pushing it deeper, his palm pressed against my lips and clit, grinding and rubbing as he turned the toy back on.
"Oh god!" I moaned, reaching down to hold his hand there.
"Cum, Sam. Be my slut and cum again when I tell you, thinking about cumming on his cock in there, right on the dance floor."
I moaned louder than I should have, pressing forward to feel Mark's hand rubbing me harder, grinding on his palm. I felt myself getting closer and closer until I was going over the edge again, yelling out and moaning as my hips pressed up into him on their own accord, bucking and writhing wildly.
"Good slut," Mark praised me, once I'd relaxed.
I laughed and moaned, my hands on his chest. Then he pulled back once again, and we both readjusted our clothes.
"Your friend in there is probably going to make you pay for leaving him like that, if you ever see him again," Mark smirked.
I smiled back and laughed. "He might."
"He wanted to fuck you so bad."
"It seemed that way," I agreed.
"I could see how bad you wanted him, too."
I shrugged a little. "I did."
"So why didn't you stay?"
"When I looked up and saw you watching, I realized I needed you more," I admitted, simply.
We just looked at each other for a moment, then Mark leaned in and kissed me again, deeply.
"You know you're MY slut," he said once he'd pulled back.
"I know," I replied with a smile.
"And you are going to fuck someone else. And I'm going to feel your stretched pussy after he's done."
I felt my chest heaving as Mark's words caused my heart to beat harder in my chest. "That guy? Or anyone?"
"Maybe him. And others."
I smiled and leaned in again, moaning into another kiss, sucking on Mark's bottom lip and feeling his hands rubbing and squeezing my hips and ass again.
By that point, it was getting late, so we called it a night rather than going back into the bar. Mark brought me home and made me cum again in the car before heading home himself.
Although it was already late, we stayed up sexting and talking that night about different ideas for putting our plans into action.