Angela was 18 years old; a gorgeous brunette with long legs and a firm well proportioned body with great breasts. The beautiful young woman had seductive green eyes and a smile that could light up a room. In addition to being a straight A student she was very popular and enjoyed a full social life.
Being a warm summer day, like most teenagers Angela headed to the beach. She wore a simple blue bikini, a white t-shirt, a thin cotton wrap around thin cotton skirt and sandals. She meet a few of the guy's from school and hung out at the beach for a while.
It was starting to get late in the afternoon and everyone started thinking of going home, George had got to the beach with the guys but decided to ask Angela for a lift home as it was less out of her way then for his mate David. Angela agreed, as she would always do.
George wasn't the best looking guy a bit over weight but he wasn't ugly and he was a bit rough around the edges sometimes but a nice guy that Angela and everyone liked despite the fact he was always there but somehow apart from the group.
This was something many girls found interesting most guys found annoying but usually you wouldn't realise he was their till he wasn't. George was a great listener and very observant many of his friends confided in him and trusted him especially when they were drunk because no matter how pissed everyone got and George being a big drinker himself, when you were with George they always got home.
Another strange thing about George was even though there was interest in him he was like reality TV were you never admit you're a fan but you are.
They said goodbye to the guys who drove off yahooing. Angela's car was just around the corner so they walked over to it talking all the while. Angela's and her long time boyfriend, her first love had separated about six months earlier but remained good friends. Angela told George that she was glad it was over as she could play the field and see what guys were out there before she could settle down but made sure George knew she didn't mean sleeping around just meet new guys and make more friends.
When they reached the car Angela said she had to change out of her wet things before they left and asked George too before he sat in her parent's new car. George obliged by wrapping his beach towel around him and getting his wet shorts off he shoved them in his bag. He had nothing to change into but the towel did a good enough job.
Angela came around to George's side of the car, as there was less chance of being seen by some smart arse. She was only in her bikini since they were on the beach so she too wrapped her beach towel around her and first removed her Bikini bottoms. Then tried to remove the top as she did it loosed the towel and it almost fell off exposing her but she awkwardly managed to keep her modesty intact then she pulled on her t-shirt. Angela suddenly realised all she had to change in to was her thin cotton wrap around skirt that was almost see through and to put it on she would have to remove her towel. George suggested she just wear the towel around her waist the same as him. She too thought this the best plan so she straightened herself out and got into the car throwing her things in the trunk on her way.
On the way home Angela asked George if he would come with her up this dirt track to lookout and get a photo of the cities skyline for a school assignment. She had planned to go up on her way home but was a little tentative to go up there alone especially now she was half-naked. George agreed it was the least he could do after all she was driving him home.
They had to park the car about a 2 minute walk from the lookout on the way they spotted a man and a woman who appeared to be pushbike riders at a clearing just off the track the strange thing about this was both appeared naked.
Angela and George hid from view to see what was happening they carefully watched as the couple began to screw doggy fashion it wasn't anything special nor did it last very long but it had Angela and George intrigued. Not wanting to cause embarrassment they remained hidden till the couple dressed and left down another track leading away from the car.
They then continued to the lookout unable to talk about what they had witnessed but both turned on from being voyeurs. To get the photo Angela had to climb the little marker on the top of the lookout.
As the stunning brunette climbed down trying to maintain her modesty her towel got caught and as she made the final little jump to the ground it was torn from around her exposing her neatly trimmed pussy to George's gaze. She stood still stunned at her predicament. Then quickly Angela turned around to grab the towel back to cover herself.
She yanked so hard that when the towel came loose she was flung backward towards the edge the towel flew through the air as she tried to save herself. However, Angela managed to just avoid falling over the edge of the cliff at the side of the lookout but not the towel that magically floated down to the valley floor.
Angela finally after some thought decided the hell with it she didn't care and walked back to the car.
When they got back their she then said "Well I think it only fair that you've seen what I've got I should see what you've got."
George agreed on one condition that she would also have to remove her t-shirt so he could see her breasts. Angela made it clear she didn't like the condition but what does it matter anyway she was already beyond embarrassment.
So Angela removed her t-shirt and was soon followed by George removing his towel to show his healthy endowment. Angela couldn't believe it George had a big dick and it looked really good as far as cocks go.
"Now what?" George asks, wondering how did he manage to end up alone with his erect cock hanging in the breeze before the most beautiful girl in school who was also exposed in all her naked glory.
"Have you ever had a one-night stand?" Angela replied with a perplexing question of her own.
Georges honest response was, "Yes about 18 months ago that's how I lost my virginity. Haven't you heard the guys tease me about it."
"Oh, well how many girls have you had then?" Angela asked surprised by the first answer as she had thought the stories were just bull shit.
"Just the one, I don't try to get girls in bed very often because I don't want to ruin my average." George answered trying to lighten up the increasing tension of the moment.
"I think I can improve that average now if you want to?" Angela propositioned, not believing what she had just said.
"I'm up for it if you're sure?" George answered.
"I can see that..." Angela paused; " I'm ready last chance."
"OK" George said excited that he was about to lay the hottest girls in town.
Angela walked up to the nervous young man removing his shirt and then began making out slowly they sunk to the ground. Were they begun to feel each other's body exploring. Soon the fondling began more serious and was joined by licking and sucking as their passionate kiss broke. George had seen plenty of porn movies and learned a few cunnilingus techniques that sent Angela wild as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her. Although, his favourite bits were her perfect breasts not to big not too small.
Angela also enjoyed his oral manipulations of her body. She then continued by returning the favour her mouth struggled to engulf his massive member but she did it and to George it felt magic. Angela also sucked on his nuts and licked his anus which got his so close to the edge he thought he was going to loose it.
After a short moment to get it right they got comfortable and Angela straddled George impaling herself onto his throbbing muscle. Slowly she inched him in it was a tight squeeze which only serve to intensify each others experiences eventually she took him all in and began fucking him as he reciprocated at first a rhythm was hard to find but they found it.
Again just as George was about cum Angela stopped and changed positions this time to doggy style George had to do more work this time as he steadily pumped his cock into her juicy velvet pussy. Angela's virginal muscles squeezed and pulled his cock finally bringing his orgasm which exploded spurt after spurt deep into her gorgeous pussy.
Under Angela's instructions he didn't pull out but held his semi erect penis in her hot hole. She showed great flexibility to twist on his cock so that they now lay in the missionary position. Were they began making out soon thanks to Angela's pussy muscle George again grew hard ready for another round they slowly began to fuck again this time gentler and slower it took much longer this time but was much more rewarding to both before George was ready to cum. This time Angela wanted to taste him and asked him to cum all over her face. As that familiar tingle began again George withdrew cumming on the outside of her pussy with the first spurt, the second on her stomach, the third covered those magnificent breasts, the third landed in her open mouth which she swallowed and the last covered her face. It was the most sexual sight he had ever seen as she breathed deeply covered in cum and perspiration.
They realised that the sun was going down and they should head home before they were missed so they cleaned themselves under a tap dried and dressed this time putting their swimming clothes back on as they had now dried. Angela dropped George home before heading home both promising this would not change anything between them. Although neither looked at each other the same again they never again got together nor did their friend ever find out about that afternoon of passion.