***All sexually active characters are of age, 18 years old at least, and all sexual activities are consensual. Enjoy!***
Frankie Reid-Cummings, 26, is working on-cam at Cummings' Cams, slinking around seductively on the bed in a full-body catsuit accentuating her curves and teasing her naked form through the thin lining. She feels incredibly sexy in this moment, purring desperately to have her vibrator be activated by her viewers to tip her towards ecstasy.
"So hot"
"Very nice"
"You are the definition of sexy"
"How's thing with your daughter?"
Frankie reads the chat as messages come in, answering, "Colette is so much work. I can't tell anymore if she was more work when she was born or now. She's 3 now. You'd think I'd get used to it, but she's always changing, and it's always stressful."
"3 already? seems like yesterday"
Frankie giggles a little, "Hmm, yeah, it's like that. Better part of 4 years of my life devoted to the whiniest fucker I've ever known, but I love her. She's so adorable, but sometimes I just want to... unnnghh..."
"You are looking good for being a mother. Wouldn't think from that perfect bod."
Frankie explains, "Actually, Colette was given birth by my husband. She has put a lot of work into getting herself back into shape after that, and it's her who looks perfect, but she's much more conscious of her body now. I keep saying she's more beautiful than ever, but she won't hear it. She's so good with Colette though. Proper mama and cub vibes from her when they're together."
"What's sex like with your husband after the baby? Has she loosened up because of it?"
"lol it's not like that. Everything goes back how it was."
Frankie responds frankly, "Yeah, everything is as it should be down there. She had stretchmarks for a good while, with she'll probably kill me for saying live, ha, but, she's always been hyper-focused on her fitness, so, not much new really. She's just her usual self, with a little'n to care for."
"Stretchmarks sound grim"
"What are you, a child? It's natural. You stretch, you get marks, duh."
"I just don't like em, no need to go off on me"
"Mate, you should learn more about the body. Go outside and meet someone."
"Meeting people here"
"lol it's not a dating site. Not for hook-ups. Go somewhere else for that."
Frankie intervenes in the chat discussion, "Guys, please, it's fine. Play nice, with me," squeezing her tits together, staring seductively into the camera lens, pouting her lips, allowing vulnerability to take over her face, lips parting as a sigh drifts between them almost with a whistle. She beckons to the camera, stretching her arm out whilst maintaining pressure against her tits, bulging them as her finger cycles.
In an instant of feeble weakness, a private session is requested with Frankie, which she readily accepts, taking them to be alone together. She asks him, "Hi! What would you like to do today?"
"Can I go c2c with you? I want to be humiliated"
Frankie giggles naughtily, "Oh yes, please, fuck, mmm... turn on that cam..."
The young woman is made to wait for a moment, feeling her heartbeat quicken, still exciting after all the people she has done this for, eager to be of use, and eager to please. She is greeted by the image of a portly man slumped in an office chair, wearing glasses that reflect the light of the PC monitor screen in thick white bands.
Frankie gasps, seeing his vulnerability, and turned on by what she sees, enjoying the raw sexual energy he has. She says, "Oh, I'm going to have fun with you," giggling playfully.
"I know I'm ugly to look at. Don't have to go easy on me."
Frankie swoons, feeling apologetic for his absolute lack of self-worth, but she snarls, "I'm not going easy on you. And, you don't get to tell me what to do. I say what goes, and you have to do it. If you do, you may be rewarded. Clear?"
"Yes, miss"
Frankie laughs heartily, "Oh, that was pathetic. I should expect no less. How do you expect to be with a woman when you have them laughing at first sight, hmm? Show me that cock of yours. You might be hung at least."
The man takes his bottoms off, indistinct in the dark haze on-screen, and he sits back down. Frankie comments, "I can't see anything. You got a clit down there? A fucking pussy? I thought you were a man," giggling as he lifts the overhang of his belly, and presses his crotch, stretching around the area, to unveil a stub of skin. Frankie leans in to see, "I've been doing this a long time, and never seen one so small. Is that it? Does it get bigger? Is it hard already?"
The man types, "I know it's small. I don't deserve you miss"
Frankie dribbles a little as her mouth waters, giggling, "Don't give up just yet. Still plenty to play with," miming with her hand as she instructs, "Get to it. Make yourself nice and hard for me. Surely you can stroke it in your hand? If you can't even do that, I guess you just have to rub it like a clit. Have you ever rubbed a clit before?"
"No, miss"
Frankie snarls, "Of course you haven't," giggling as she wonders, "Who in their right mind is going to let you anywhere near them with that? Keep going," watching the desperation on the man's face. "Stop! Take your hand away." The man does as she says, and she can see the pink, glistening head of an erect cock throbbing for her, making her squeal with glee, "Oh! This is fun! You have got something to give to a woman after all."
"Do you like it, miss"
Frankie devilishly giggles, "Nothing to write home about. Slap it," watching the hesitation from the man as he lifts his hand, hovering around in mid-air, flapping closer and closer until the tiniest brush against his erect cock. Rolling her eyes, Frankie huffs, "Come on, I haven't got all day!"
The man on cam steadies his hand high, and bravely crashes it into his cock, much to Frankie's shocked delight, as she demands, "More. Yes. More," revelling in the repeated spanks, and the man's whimpering posture.
Frankie suggests, "Don't forget your balls. Don't hold back now," giggling giddily as she watches the man hold his cock up against the overhang of his belly, and slapping his scrotum with as much force as he can muster, doubling-over with each strikes before sitting back up so the camgirl can see.
Raptured in awe, Frankie coos, "Who's a good boy? Oh, fuck, those balls are going to be black and blue, and that pleases me, but I need much more pleasing."
"What do you need? Anything"
Frankie seductively smiles, "Well, you can show your devotion to me with some tips. Don't be stingy with them. I know you're good for it. Show me how much you love me. Make me feel it between my legs," stroking her crotch to show her interactive vibrator hooked up into her pussy, promising, "If I feel satisfied, I will allow you to cum."
The man lunges toward the camera, seemingly frantically moving the mouse cursor around the screen, and typing with his hands shaking up into his arms like jelly. Tips start coming in shown on chat, a thousand at a time, one after another, on and on, filling the chat window.
Frankie can hardly believe her eyes, shock setting in like stone as she gawps at the highlighted chat messages detailing the tips given to her, trying to figure in her head how much he is giving; in the hundreds, surely.
The effects of the man's generosity hit hard for Frankie, making her convulse and groan as she doubles-over, collapsing on the bedsheets, writhing around in attempt to acclimate to the feeling. She stretches out, feeling the vibrations strongly through her body in sustained pulses, extending to her extremities.
Frankie sees the man squirming uncomfortably where he sits, with his cock obviously achingly hard, twitching as it is, but his hands stay clear of it, although they agonise, awaiting for her approval to assume their readiness handily. With a devilish smile, she pants, "Almost... there... oh, mmm... ah-hmmm... ah-hmmph... o-o-o-o-o-oh... a-a-a-a-a-a-ah..."
Frankie stretches all of her body through to her fingers and toes, reach further than she can reach, feeling oozes of contentment, but intermixed with the sustained vibrations is unclear as to the extent of her orgasm. The back of her neck is bathed in warmth, and her chest heaving softly as her heart rate comes down, and her breathing settles. She unzips the catsuit at her crotch, pulling the ever-pulsing vibrator from her pussy, taking a deep breath before saying, "Thanks. You did good."
"Do I get to cum now???"
Frankie laughs heartily, "So eager to get yourself off. Can't you let a girl enjoy herself, fuck!"
"Im sorry pls let me cum"
Frankie pouts as she considers for a moment, "Ten seconds is all you get. That's all the patience I have with you. Ten," watching as the man fumbles for his cock, starting to stroke it as fast as he is able. "Nine, eight, seven." His hand is a blur, "Six, five, four." He rises from his seat, rocking his hips into his hand. "Three... two..." He is so visibly desperate, as Frankie breathes, "One," watching for a moment more to see if he cums, but he doesn't at that moment. She sighs, "Disappointing."
"I'm almost there pls"
Frankie shrugs, "You are pathetic. I found you kinda hot actually, so I had hopes for you."
"Sorry im not worth your time."
To Frankie's surprise, the man ends the private show, putting her into away mode. She finds his profile to leave him feedback, typing, "Hey, I hope you're okay. I was only playing. You could have finished for me in your own time. You really are kind of a turn on, so I had fun. I hope to see more of you xx FuckFrankie."
While she's in away mode, Frankie decides to take a break, heading out into the break room. As she passes the faux-leather sofas on the way to the kitchen counter at the back, she spots Carrie Harper, 20, and Aniya Milosevic, sitting snugly with each other in their lingerie. Frankie checks the kettle for water, and flicks the switch to turn it on, calling to the two women, "How's Mia?"
With nervous and excitable energy, Carrie replies, "Great!"
Aniya shares with her employer, "She's doing really well. Things are great with her at work, dealing with her own clientele, and home-life is going well, especially with Kisha around. Everyday with them is a joy."
Frankie pours water from the kettle to make herself a mug of tea, and she turns around to face Aniya, admitting, "I always miss having Mia around here. Such a sweet girl. Of course, I'm happy that she's working well with Tiffany. I hear from her how she pushes Mia all the time. She's crazy with the amount of work she takes on, but she makes it work."
Aniya says to Frankie, "Mia does work very long hours, almost never stopping, but the money is very good, so... Still living at home with me, with the house paid-off years ago now, she has very few outgoings, and this fortune stacking up. She can do anything she wants..."
Frankie interrupts to suggest, "She's doing it for Kisha? That girl will want for nothing. She can do whatever. Be whoever she wants."
Aniya's face is anguished between pride and regret as she says, "Mia has already done more for Kisha than I ever did for her."
Carrie tells Aniya, "You're making up for it."
Aniya seems unsure, answering, "You're very kind."
Frankie says to Aniya, "Mia's lived a lonely life because of you. She doesn't know much else; especially with what happened with her dad."
Aniya informs Frankie, "About that. Tibor is being reviewed for early release. He should be out this summer."
Frankie is very concerned, wondering, "What about Mia?"
Aniya explains, "Mia gave her blessing. I didn't think she would, but she's giving him a second chance; one he doesn't even think he deserves."
Frankie settles down, sipping her tea before saying, "That sounds nice... Just know that she can come to me anytime, about anything... My door is always open to her..."
Hunky bloke, HigginsXL, enters the break room, swaggering up to Frankie to reach around and slap her arse as he banters, "More like her legs are always open."
Frankie balances her mug, taking care not to spill her hot drink as she responds playfully, "My legs aren't always open, Higgins. They're very much closed to you especially."
Higgins whines, "Aww, but I thought you liked me?"
Frankie giggles, "I do like you. That's why my legs stay closed to you. What would Pleasant say?"
Higgins hugs the young woman tightly, stretching his fingers to grab the kettle, taking it to the sink to refill it as he innocently responds, "She wouldn't be shocked, I'm sure. We've had a lot of fun times over the years; lots of big gatherings with the lads. Remember your twentieth?"
Frankie giggles, "Yeah, but my legs weren't on offer; just the face. What would Steve say?"
Higgins gets close to Frankie again, replacing the kettle on the cradle to turn it on, replying, "About us possibly getting it on? I think he'd love to watch. He always thinks you're hot."
Frankie giggles coyly, "Does he now? Maybe I should open my legs for him, and make you watch?"
Higgins humours the suggestion, "Still, Pleasant would probably rip my balls off with her bare hands, and grind them into dust."
Frankie mocks the hunk, "Big, strapping lad such as yourself?"
Higgins cocks his head with a wry smile, "Yeah, but you've met your husband, right? She's freakishly strong. I've always admired that about her, and I remember not to get on her bad side."
Frankie giggles, "But, you don't mind flirting with me?"
Higgins pours himself a drink, replying, "It's all in good fun, and nothing serious. Just friendly banter."
Frankie mocks, "All those big, bulging muscles, but teeny-tiny balls," laughing at Higgins' expense.
Higgins pouts, "Ow... That really hurt..."
Frankie clears her throat, "Sorry..."
Higgins smiles broadly, "Don't be. I love it."
New model, Juniper, comes in and slumps on a sofa, all in a huff, "Man, I need a new cock after this." Her innocent-seeming petite figure conceals a much more mature and experienced mind. She lays down, legs astride, fanning her crotch with her hands, with a bulge curled up in her thong, whilst her bulbous boobs jiggle in her bra.
Frankie enquires of the new model, "How are you finding it?"
Juniper stares with wide eyes up at the warehouse ceiling high above, calling out her answer, "I've cum more times than I thought I could already. I'm ready to spark out at any moment."
Frankie suggests to Juniper, "You can do the next few hours with Higgins if you want? He can give a few pointers," giggling to herself as she sips more of her tea.
Juniper sits up, admiring the hunk, "I can certainly defer to your expertise," growling like a wild cat.
Higgins saucily accepts, "I'll gladly take you under my wing."
Juniper swoons, "You can take me any which way."
Frankie asks the new model, "So, you settling in well?"
Juniper gleams, "Oh, yes! Everyone here is so kind and welcoming. I've never worked anywhere where I feel so supported and valued, especially when the topic of my gender is brought up. Here, though, everyone accepts me regardless."
Frankie feels a warm tug in her heart, expressing, "That makes me so proud to hear that. I'm sure Pleasant will say the same when I tell her. How are you getting on with the viewers?"
Juniper answers, "The mods here are so good that I rarely have chance to properly see anything negative, and anything I do read that I don't like, I just ignore, so I don't give them the airtime or time of day. Anyone who doesn't like it can suck my cock."
Aniya asks Juniper, "About that, how did you come to have a cock? I don't mean to be rude or anything, but just want to know."
Juniper shares, "Of course, naturally. I was born a hermaphrodite, with both parts, and when I was young, like 5 or 6, I was given a choice because of school so I fit in with everyone else in one of the changing rooms. It was long enough ago that these things were still very black and white, so, I had to choose, or have the decision made for me. I was always more of a girl, so I was adamant about being brought up that way, but I was very attached to my penis, so I chose that. I still didn't fit in with the other girls, but I quickly didn't care, even with all the teasing; even teasing the bullies back. What? They were talking about boys, and eventually cock when we got to high school, so I played into that. Pretty sure I put some of them off, but who cares, heh."
Carrie nervously asks, "Are you with anyone?"
Juniper replies candidly, "My relationships never last. The guys I bring home are nearly always scared off when they see what I got, and the others quietly distance themselves until I drop them."
Aniya asks Juniper, "Ever been with a woman?"
Juniper answers without hesitation, "No. I'm not that way inclined."
Carrie comments, "That's fair."
Aniya asks Juniper, "How old are you?"
Juniper flashes a look to Frankie, answering, "I'm definitely her senior, but I'm not sure about you. You look so youthful. You could be sisters," indicating Aniya and Carrie sitting together.
Aniya is flattered by Juniper, informing her, "She's dating my daughter."
Juniper looks a little surprised, saying, "That much older, huh? I don't think I'm that old, but you are definitely doing something right. I should be so lucky to keep my looks like you."
Frankie interjects to add, "We should all be so lucky. You're an inspiration, Aniya!"
Aniya downplays the compliments, addressing them, "That's all well and good, but beauty is only skin-deep, and I'm not that much of a role-model or inspiration, as my daughter would attest."
Carrie cosies up to Aniya's side, resting her chin on her shoulder as she tells her, "You try very hard with her now, and she loves that very much."
Aniya almost blushes, unable to focus on anything as she looks around the floor, avoiding looking at anyone around. She strokes Carrie's chin, whispering, "Thank you... Love you..."
The general manager of the studio, Pleasant Reid-Cummings, 29, makes her appearance in the break room, astutely addressing all, "What's all this? Conflab in the tea room?"
Frankie answers back to her husband, "Nice of you to grace us with your presence, your majesty."
Pleasant marches across to Frankie, cupping her arse in her hands to pull her up for a kiss, almost lifting her wife off her feet before saying rhetorically, "I work hard, you know."
Frankie remarks, "So do we all. Just taking a few minutes to unwind before our next shifts. I'm on top of it down here." Sipping on her tea, Frankie wonders, "Anyhow, what brings you down here?"
Pleasant sweetly purrs, "Can't I just come down to see my wife?"
Frankie quips, "You could, but it never happens."
Pleasant breathes a short laugh, smiling with good humour at her wife, letting her know, "I know you've been under a lot of stress, and I don't want you to feel like you're alone. I feel like my father right now, and I don't like that."
Frankie hugs her husband, holding her as close as she is able, leaning her head on her shoulder as she sighs, "Oh... Oh! So you need to make yourself feel better?"
Pleasant pinches her husband's buttocks, replying, "I'm here for you. I should be doing more with you."
Frankie tells her husband, "No, you're doing this for yourself. I think that's very bad of you."
Pleasant asks, "Sounds like a punishment is due?"
Frankie giggles, and Higgins stuffs a protein bar in his mouth before commenting, "Trouble in paradise?"
Pleasant shrugs, laughing a little as she rolls her eyes at Higgins, as Frankie answers for the both of them, "Nothing we can't work out."
Higgins remarks, "I assumed work was the problem?"
Pleasant playfully punches Higgins on the arm, warning him, "You know what happens when you assume?"
Higgins answers, "Yeah, it gets me put on my..." He finishes his protein bar, swigging down a shake from his shaker, and wipes his mouth with his thick forearm, all the while trying not to laugh.
Pleasant sits down with Juniper, informing her, "Things seem to be going well for you, looking at your metrics. You are proving to be quite popular already. Let's hope you can maintain that audience."
Juniper boldly asks, "Any advice you can give to do that?"
Pleasant tells her, "You have to give them a reason to come back. Let me tell you, you can have supermodel looks all you want, but what keeps people around is personality. You have to have what they want. Doesn't even mean being nice, because some people want someone to be mean to them, but, if you look good and treat people well, that goes a long way. Don't act; be truthful and honest to who you are, and it will be easier."
Juniper discerns, "Sounds like we're in the business of making friends."
Pleasant seriously says, "Yeah, we are. The people who watch us want to feel valued. They are giving us their money, sure, but more importantly, they're giving us their time, perhaps even away from their own friends and families, because they're looking for a particular relationship. If they feel connected to and understood by us, that is a very powerful feeling, and what we do feels so much better."
Juniper looks amazed, awash with realisation as she beams, "Wow! That makes so much sense. I never thought of it like that, but I'm going to now on."
Pleasant encourages her, "You will be good at it, I'm sure."
Another model, Natalie, 26, enters, announcing herself brightly, "Hey, guys! Y'alright, Boss?"
Pleasant asks the energetic beauty, "Is anyone still working?"
Natalie answers, "I think Leanne is still going? What's up?"
Pleasant replies, "Oh, everything's good. Nothing to worry about."
Natalie and Frankie share a hug, and Frankie spanks her on the backside, making her exclaim, "Oh! It's like that, huh, Bitch!"
Frankie giggles, biting the tip of her finger playfully as she responds, "You know how it is. This isn't school anymore."
Natalie presses her fingertip to Frankie's nose, and, in a flash, grabs her forehead in her splayed fingers stretching around her scalp before Frankie can even resist. Frankie giggles, slapping her old friend's forearm away from her, releasing her grip, as Natalie says, "No, but I miss those days sometimes. I don't miss being a broke-ass bitch flashing for money so we could shop."
Frankie notes, "No, now we ain't broke," sharing a giggle with her friend, teasing, "But, not much has changed, huh?"
Natalie grabs a carton of juice from the fridge, taking a swig and swallowing before she replies, "Still flashing for money, yeah."
Frankie turns to lean over the back of the sofa, using her hands to shield her husband's eyes, giggling, "Guess who!"
Pleasant plays along, "Oh, um... Doreen Hilfiger?"
Frankie removes her hands, leaning across as Pleasant turns to face her, snorting, "Ha, you wish!"
Pleasant kisses her wife passionately, breathing into her mouth, "I do wish. It would be nice to wake up to those movie-star good looks."
Frankie pulls away from her husband, scoffing, "Huh, are you saying I don't have movie-star good looks?"
Pleasant smiles, "No, you don't have to spend hours in make-up to look like that."
Frankie giggles, "Right fucking answer," continuing to kiss her husband.
Natalie spanks Frankie on the arse, and lifts her legs up, shoving her over the back of the sofa. Frankie slips down between Pleasant and Juniper, as Juniper retreats onto the arm of the sofa, protesting, "Hey!"
As Frankie folds herself around to sit upright, giggling all the while, Natalie locks eyes with Juniper, telling her, "Sorry, babe. Didn't mean to hurt you."
Juniper smiles in good humour, saying to Natalie, "I'm not hurt. Just a bit of warning would be nice... Came as a shock..."
Now sitting properly, Frankie is scooped up into Pleasant's arms as she giggles, "How do you think I feel?"
Pleasant hungrily continues to press her mouth passionately to that of her wife, sounding a moan from her throat that echoes loudly around the plain walls of the room. This doesn't dissuade her from continuing, not embarrassed by showing her wife such affection amidst her employees and friends.
Juniper's thong stretches, and she groans uncomfortably from the arousal. Aniya teases, "I thought you said you weren't into girls?"
Laughing off the joke insincerely, Juniper hops to her feet, stretching her arms high above her head, thrusting her hips upward as she responds, "What can I say? Sometimes, it has a mind of it's own."
Higgins steps forward, jovially jesting, "All us with cocks are pretty much the same! Would say it's a 'man thing,' usually."
Juniper walks around to Higgins, seductively slapping her hand on his chest and walking her fingers up to caress his cheek as she says to him, "I guess it's official, then. I'm just one of the lads."
Higgins holds Juniper's hand, massaging the palm with his thumbs whilst he gazes into her eyes, "Nothing wrong with that, but I wouldn't say you were... Maybe when we get to know each other better?" Higgins grips her hand tighter, dropping it to his side to lead Juniper to his stream room.
Whilst Juniper makes herself comfortable on the bed, Higgins changes the stream category from solo performer to couples, typing into the description box, "@higginsxl joined by @juniper give her a follow to catch her streams."
The stream kicks off strong, with tips flooding in from the piqued interest of what this womanly figure on-cam has to show, aided by Higgins stroking her sensually, hiding her features with his hands to coax greater interest from viewers, until they unwrap the soft skin of her cock swelling from rises of adrenaline and anticipation.
"Wow now that's a nice surprise"
"does that chick have a dick???"
"That's bigger than mine I'm ashamed to say."
"Yum nice hard cock. And Higgins is okay too I guess lol"
"That body just keeps getting better the more you look at it. It's pristine"
"Next to big beefcake Higgins here this bitch be looking petite af"
Dwarfed in front of Higgins' hunky mass, Juniper looks far cuter and innocent on the camera than she intends, posing on all fours to allow her boobs to hang whilst she addresses the chat, "I am petite, but I'm a fucking cunt when I want to be. Sorry if that offends some of you, but what you see is what you get with me. I'm here to fuck. Who's man enough to take me?" She spanks her arse without hesitation with a sharp strike, hard enough to have her boobs jiggling where they hang. She hardly seems phased as she tells chat, "I know you all want it, and you can't fail to give it to me good with this fucker behind me."
Higgins plays along with the no-shit take from his streaming partner, "I can go down on this bitch, and then some."
Juniper begins to look bored, whipping her hair off her hand and fingering it as she waits before resting her cheek on her hand propped up on the bed by her elbow. Her arse sticks up at more of an angle for Higgins like this, and he takes the initiative to part the cheeks, getting a good look at her hole, clean and tightly clenched.
Tips start coming in thick and fast from the horny viewers, wanting to see more from this sensationally provocative pairing. Higgins relieves them of their underwear, fully-preparing to fully enjoy this woman. He spits down her arse-crack, slapping the head of his cock on the spittle, sliding it to lube to the hole. He doesn't relent until the head of his meaty member pops inside wholesale, with the rest of it plunging in slowly after it.
Juniper holds herself steady to take the massive-feeling morsel of meat into her unyielding arsehole, breathing nice and deeply to accentuate the sensation of Higgins filling her back passage. Her belly swims with tingling and swirling sensations, like her insides are being stirred by the essence of bliss, and her boobs softly throb, barely able to feel if her nipples are still there.
Higgins finds his stride as his meat is stuffed inside her down to the balls, pulling back to ease himself back in. He hears Juniper's deep breathing, measured, controlled, and quiet, with hardly a hint of pleasure or not. He adjusts his speed thrusting into her arse as it adjusts to him, not wasting any time whilst considering her comfort.
Juniper stretches out her arms in front of her, lifting her arse backwards, stretching her arse cheeks apart more to give Higgins a more natural entry. She twists her head to stare into the camera upside down, staring into the souls of the viewers.
"She's enjoying that"
"OMG what a show I'm so lucky"
"Never seen anyone more beautiful"
"I'm not gay but I love this so much."
"I'm not gay lol"
"I wish I could be fucked like that"
"Look at her face. She's eating that up"
Higgins pulls his meaty member out of Juniper's arse, and prompts her to, "Get on your back," helping her turn over. Her boobs slop into a heap spilling off the sides of her chest, and her cock leaks pre-cum as her body is hoisted up ready for reinsertion.
Juniper stares needily into the camera as her arse is stuffed full of meat once again, feeling her cock flailing around from the force of the fucking. Before she can even think to reach for it, Higgins has her cock in his hand, and he is stroking it, making her eyes roll up into her head, with her lids dropping half-closed.
"Oh wow oh wow oh wow oh wow"
"Yes take that cock"
"That Juniper girl is amazing"
"I actually think this would be hotter if she fucked him"
"This is already so hot I came a long time now and just can't stop watching"
"I'm feeling things I've never felt before"
"I'm not gay lol"
"I'm not gay!!!!! I have a wife and kids"
"Sure lol"
Higgins slows down his thrusting to a halt, proposing to his streaming partner, "Wanna fuck me?"
Juniper admits, "Actually, I don't know how long I'll last," attention drifting to the monitor showing the chat, and hearing the pings of tips coming through with notes encouraging the change of roles. She concedes, "I guess I'm doing it," helped up by Higgins.
Shuffling around on her knees behind her streaming partner, Juniper shoves Higgins over onto the sheets, slapping her sensitive cock between his beefy buttocks, sighing, "I'm going to fuck this boy-pussy so good it'll ruin you." She stuffs herself inside, rocking her hips as quick as they will go, staring into the camera to address the chat, "This is what I will do with every single one of your asses, and I'll hear no word against it. You will lie back and enjoy it like the sissy bitches you are."
"Oh fuck"
"Take my money. Take it all. I don't need to eat."
"Man, I've never wanted a cock in me, but first time for everything"
"I'm your slutty little sissy bb"
"You make that manly man look like a prissy princess and I love it"
"Worlds gone mad women are dicking men now fml"
"Better lube up my guy this is your future"
"Do you meet because you can use me any way you want?"
The anguish on Juniper's face melts, and her cock feels so raw and sensitive she can't help herself anymore as she spills her spunk deep inside Higgins' anus. She pulls out, grabbing a wipe from the side to clean herself off, and Higgins rolls over to reach for one too to do the same.
Juniper leans down to where Higgins lays, planting a kiss on his lips, expressing a sincere, "Thanks. That was exciting."
Higgins responds, "Strap yourself in. We're just getting started. Got a few more hours yet."
Juniper sits up to talk to the chat, "If you dirty fuckers want to see more, keep it coming. You get nothing for free," heading across the room to the wardrobe to dress up in an outfit to conceal money-making features.