(Edited by "LarryinSeattle")
*
Dad and I had always been close. For as long as I could remember he, Mom, and I had done everything together when he was home, unfortunately that wasn't all that often since he was the owner of a rapidly growing computer programming company. There were times when he'd be gone for a week or more, but when he got home, "BOOM", off we'd go on a new adventure. Dad frequently referred to me as his "Little Adventurer", "Best Buddy", or "the little Man of the House". When I was 14 years old, that all changed. Mom was killed in an auto accident. Dad told me how precious life was and that he didn't want to waste any more of it being away from his family, so for the next three months he stayed at home with me. Regrettably, Dad's business began to be effected. I was certain he was going to start going away without me until he took me out of school and hired Terri as my tutor. From that point on I traveled everywhere with him; California, Alaska, Hawaii, and as the company grew, the Philippines and South Pacific Islands. You name it. Dad, Terri, and I went there.
It was just after I turned 18 that I realized that Terri also filled a need in my father's life. She was in her late-twenty's, and was 5-foot 5-inches tall. She had dark, almost black, hair that hung down over her shoulders and a 34C-28-36 inch figure. So it wasn't surprising when I accidentally caught them making love one night.
We had been in Hawaii for almost two weeks by that point and I had reconnected with a few friends that I had met on previous trips. The evening started out great with some surfing, a bonfire, some food, and some girls. One girl in particular had me going with her glances and looks and finally with the hula dance she and the other girls did. I thought for sure I was going to 'get lucky' but everything suddenly came crashing down when a car pulled up and some older guys tried to join the party. One thing led to another and before you know it the cops were there and everyone, including me, scattered. It was then that I decided to go back to the beach house we were renting.
When I entered the house it was dark and quiet as I'd expected since it was almost midnight. Because it was Friday night, dad and Terri didn't expect me home until much later. Silently, I moved down the hallway towards my room until I heard noises coming from my father's room. The door was open just the slightest bit and when I looked in I got the surprise of my life. Terri and my dad were nude on his bed and she was sitting on my dad's lap with his cock buried deep inside of her pussy.
"Shhhhhh. Did you hear something?" Terri said.
Dad lay there quietly and listened before answering jokingly, "The only thing I hear is my heart beat pounding from what we were doing."
"Well hold on old man because I've just started," she quipped as she began to slide up and down my father's cock again.
"Old man is it? We'll see about that," dad said. Then he quickly grabbed her around the waist and began to thrust up into her pussy. The sight and sound of their fucking along with the aroma from her aroused pussy quickly triggered desires deep inside of me and I developed a bulge in my pants even larger than the one I'd had when I was watching the girl doing the hula.
I watched closely as she pulled from my father's cock and turned around so she was facing the doorway. In one fluid movement, she straddled him and reached under herself as she grabbed his cock. Then she held it in place while she slid it back into her pussy in what is known as the 'reverse cowgirl' position.
I had seen pictures of couples fucking like this in magazines and on the Internet but had never seen it in real life so it wasn't surprising that I was so engrossed that I didn't notice her looking directly at me. Instantly our eyes met and I thought I was in for big trouble. Instead, she sat up higher and grabbed her tits, squeezing them and pulling on the nipples as she continued to slide up and down my dad's cock.
"How about this baby? You like what you see? You like watching my pussy slide up and down on a cock? How would you like it if I started to fuck you hard and deep? Would you like to feel your cock buried all the way inside of me and filling me with your cum?"
I knew that Terri was talking to me while playing with my dad since her eyes never left mine the whole time she was talking.
In response to her comments, dad grabbed her around her hips and began to thrust upwards as she slid down driving his cock all the way inside of her. "You're damn right I like what I see. I love watching your pussy sliding up and down my cock almost as much as I like the way it feels, so wet and warm. I love the way it clinches down around my cock on the up pull almost as if it didn't want to let go." Then, pulling her down hard on his cock, he continued, "and I love how it feels, too, when I drive my cock into you and your body shakes as I cum inside of you."
That was more than I could take and I quickly slipped away to my room. Once there, I pulled my pants down and lay on the bed imagining that Terri was riding my cock as my hand slid up and down its length. I'm not sure how long I lay there like that before I heard a soft tapping on the bedroom door. I didn't even have a chance to answer before Terri entered dressed in a sheer black robe. Quickly fumbling to cover myself, Terri moved closer and placed a finger on my lips.
"Shhhhhhh. Your father is asleep."
"I ... mmmm ... I ... ahhhh ... ok ... mmmm ... whatever you say," I stammered.
She moved closer and sat lightly on the bed never once trying to hide what was under her robe. "Sorry you had to find out about your dad and I like that. We ... well; we've been kind of helping each other for awhile when it comes to our physical needs. I'm sure you understand," she whispered. "We both know that it will never be more than 'a physical thing' but I'm sure you know that men and women have certain needs that are best fulfilled rather than suppressed."
"Ya, I know," I said as I recalled what she'd told me during our sex education talks.
"Good, I'm glad you understand," she said softly as she slid her hand along the bed sheet until she had wrapped her fingers around my growing bulge.
"I think the same holds true for young men especially those with cocks as big as this one," she purred seductively as she leaned forward and placed her lips on mine.
Instantly my mind became a battlefield between my two 'heads'."Could this actually be happening? ... Oh god, her hand feels so good wrapped around my cock ... What do I do now? ... Should I kiss her back? ... I hope she doesn't' stop ... My cock has never felt this hard in my whole life ... What if dad wakes up and catches us? ... God I want to see her body again ... I wonder if she'd let me fuck her?"Bit by bit my smaller head won the battle and I soon found myself kissing her and gently pressing my tongue between her lips.
Not to be outdone, Terri returned the kiss as she began to slowly stroke her hand up and down my sheet-covered cock. "You know this has to be our secret. I'm pretty sure your dad wouldn't understand the idea of me being involved with him and you."
"I understand," I croaked.
Smiling seductively, she pulled her hand from my cock and stood next to the bed. Sensuously, she slid the robe from her body to reveal herself to me. Her eyes twinkled with delight as my body reacted to her closeness. Her skin was tanned without any sign of a tan-line. Her hair hung over her shoulders and cascaded to the top of her breasts which were capped with nipples that seemed to be growing larger as I watched. The surrounding aureole deepened in color as the blood from her arousal pulsed into them. Her stomach was toned and flat though not overly so and beneath that a fully forested patch of hair. As if sensing my arousal and desire, she shifted and spread her legs slightly releasing the fragrance of her womanhood. Then, just as if she were a dancer, she slowly spun around, allowing me the opportunity to enjoy the view of her heart-shaped buttocks and her toned legs before completing the circle. Looking back at me, she asked, "So do you like what you see?"
"I'd have to be blind or dead to not enjoy every inch of you," I stammered.
She giggled as she looked down at the growing bulge in the bed sheets and replied, "I can tell but I think that it's time for me to get a look at what you're hiding under the sheets, don't you?"
Nervous as I'd ever been, I lay back without saying a word as she sat down on the edge of my bed, again.
Slowly, she slid her hand beneath the sheet and then across my leg until she encircled my cock with her hand. Softly she moaned, "Niiiiccccceeee," before pulling the sheet away to expose my member. "Very nice," she repeated. Gently, she began to slide her hand up and down the length just as I had been doing before she entered my room. "How does this feel?"
"Fan-fucking-tastic," I sighed as my cock grew harder in response to her touch.
Abruptly, she stopped and looked me directly in the eyes. "Just so you understand, there are a lot of things that a man and woman can do to please each other that don't include fucking and I plan on doing every one of them that I can to you BUT I will not fuck you. It may sound a bit strange considering that I have my fingers wrapped around your cock right now but I've helped to raise you for the last several years and in some ways I feel almost like a surrogate mother, which means that fucking you is not a barrier I plan on crossing. Do you understand?"
Heartbroken, I nodded my head as she continued.
"Good, now come here and give me another kiss."
Without another thought, I did as she asked and kissed her tenderly until she pulled away from me.
"If I wanted to get a kiss like that I would have asked one of my relatives," she said teasingly.
"I thought you said that I was almost like a son to you. Well, that's how I used to kiss my mom."
Terri sat back and looked at me as a battle raged in her mind. "I guess you're right. I can't expect you to treat me like anything other than a relative after what I said, so how about we try this another way?"
Unsure of what she meant, I sat there until she leaned forward and kissed me but this time like a lover, slipping her tongue into my mouth. Quickly, our passion flared and I pulled her onto the bed next to me. Our flesh touched for the first time and I felt as if lightening bolts had struck. Instinctively, my hands began to explore her body and she did the same. Moving my lips from her mouth, I shifted to her earlobes and her neck before kissing downwards across her upper chest until I felt my face nestled between her breasts.
"Take your pick, lover. They're both yours to do with as you please."
Gently, I hefted one in my hand and felt its weight. The skin was warm and pliant yet firm and her nipple seemed to be begging to be touched.
"That's it, baby. Play with my tits. They love to be caressed and squeezed. Just look at how hard my nipples are getting. Come on and suck on them, baby. Take one in your mouth and suck it. Now use your teeth to grab a hold of it and pull on it. Ohhhh, god ... so good. Now let it go so it pops back into place. Yeeesssssss. Mmmmm ... you're a fast learner," she moaned softly.
I was encouraged by her comments, so I played with her other tit until a small shiver pulsed through her body.
"Yessssss, so nice. Do you know what you just did, lover?"
Questioningly, I looked at her as she continued.
"You gave me a small orgasm just by playing with my tits. I haven't had that happen in years," she mewed.
Even more confident of what I was doing, I kissed the area between her tits as I moved lower until I reached her belly button. I kissed it teasingly before continuing my descent.
Terri spread her legs wider to give me my first glimpse of a woman's pussy. It may seem surprising, but at 18 years old I was still a virgin though I had hoped to change that earlier that evening with the hula girl.
Tentatively, I moved closer and was about to kiss her outer lips when she placed her hand on my forehead and pushed me back. "Not tonight, lover. Though I'm sure I'd love it, I haven't had a chance to wash up since being with your father ... besides which, this was supposed to be me taking care of you not the other way around." Then without hesitation, she slid from under me and moved around until she once again wrapped her fingers around my cock.
She began to slide her hand skillfully up and down the length of my cock until I felt the tremor in my balls that told me I wasn't going to be able to hold back much longer.
"Gonna cum, Terri. Gonna cum all over your hands if you don't stop."
Sliding off the edge of the bed, she pulled me along with her until my feet were on the floor and she was kneeling between them. "I have a better idea for our first time together," she whispered.
I had seen plenty of porno pictures and movies of how a woman gives a man a blow job and was fully expecting her to take my cock in her mouth. Instead, she sat up and moved closer and closer until my cock was wedged between her tits. It was then that I finally understood what was about to happen.
She grabbed a tit in each hand and she pressed them together to form a tunnel with my cock buried in the center. "Now just do what comes natural, lover. Pump your hips up and down and fuck my tits. Feel the skin wrapped around it. Feel how warm and soft they are. Pump it, baby. Fuck my tits and cum all over them," she said seductively. "Some women don't like being tit-fucked but I'm not one of them. When I was younger, a boyfriend of mine loved to tit-fuck so I tried it. Ever since then I've loved to have my tits fucked and coated with cum," she continued before finishing, "In fact, I love the feel of cum on my tits so much that I rub it all over them just like a lotion after a lover has cum on them."
Just the thought of covering her tits with my cum and watching her rub it all over them triggered urges in me that I had never known. "In that case, baby, hold on 'cuz I'm gonna fuck your tits so hard they'll bounce all over the place. Then I'll coat them with more cum than you've ever seen at one time," I boasted.
"Promises, promises," Terri quipped.
Placing my arms beside her, I dug my elbows into the bed and began thrusting upwards between her tits. True to my word, I was soon driving between them with such force that my cockhead was hitting under her chin and her tits bounced up and down with each thrust.
"Now, baby, now. Please cum. Cover my tits with your cum so I can spread it over them."
It was only then that I noticed that she had become just as aroused as I was and that she was pinching and pulling on her nipples as I tit-fucked her. The sight proved more than I could stand and my cum rocketed up from my balls and out the tip sending strand after strand across Terri's tits as I moaned. "Cumming, Terri. Cummmmiiinnngggg ... so hard."
Just as suddenly, Terri's body began to shake and quiver as her own orgasm overwhelmed her and her mouth fell open in a silent scream.
Seconds became minutes and minutes seemed like hours as we were overcome by our mutual orgasms. When we finally returned to reality, I helped her onto my bed where we fell asleep wrapped in each other's arms.
The next morning when I awoke, she was gone but only from my bed. I found her and my dad sitting at the kitchen table eating. I quickly grabbed some toast and eggs and sat down. I looked at my dad and then at Terri before starting. "Hey dad, you and I can talk about almost anything right?"
"Of course we can," he replied.
"Well, I came home a bit early from the party last night and ... ahhhhh ... well let's just say I know about you and Terri."
My dad almost choked on the eggs in his mouth as he asked, "What do you mean?"
Terri's face paled as I continued.
"Well, let's just say that I came home and you and Terri were 'indisposed' in your bedroom."
"I ... ahhhh ... we were ... ummmm ..."
"Hey dad, don't worry about it. I think it's great. The only question I have is when do I start calling Terri 'mom'?"
My dad sat silently while he formed his answer. "That's not going to happen. Terri and I have a mutual relationship that fulfills the needs we have without complicating it by getting married."
"Ok, that's all I wanted to talk about. Have a good day," I called over my shoulder as I left the house to join my friends on the beach.
For the rest of the Summer, Terri and I continued our affair but I never did get the opportunity to fuck her. Instead, she taught me the joys of not only tit-fucking, but hand jobs, blow jobs, pussy licking and once, she even let me dry-fuck her with her panties on.
Then one day Terri notified my dad and I that I had passed all of my schooling requirements and that she was leaving. We tried to convince her to stay but she said she had already accepted another job offer and left two weeks later.
After Terri left and my 19thbirthday got closer, Dad seemed more and more withdrawn. I realized that it was because I had plans to attend college in California and he'd be alone for the first time since mom's death. "Hey, Dad. Can we talk?"
"Sure. What's up, buddy?"
"Well, I know that you've been kind of upset about me going to school and all, but you know that this could be a good thing for both of us, don't you?"
"In what way?"
"Well, I get an education of course, and with me out of the way maybe you can finally look for a woman to fulfill all of your needs instead of dragging me all over the place," I laughed.
Dad sat silently for a few moments before replying. "Jake. You know how much I loved your mother and that since she died I've pretty much kept to myself..."
"... ... with the exception of Terri." I finished his sentence.
Mildly surprised, he looked at me. "Ya, with the exception of Terri. I guess you're right though. You'll be gone at the end of next week and there's a whole lot of life left in these old bones. Maybe I should check out the female population just to see what's out there." With that, he returned to his paperwork, a small smile forming at the corner of his mouth that I had hardly seen in years.
The two weeks flew by quickly. At the airport, Dad and I hugged and promised to keep in touch, which we did. Then in November, I got a message from him on my answering machine.
"Hey, buddy. You were right! There is life out here for your old man. I met a woman named Naomi and she and I have become quite an item. Hope you can get home at Christmas to meet her", and with that the message ended.
I sat there looking at the machine, the name 'Naomi' running over and over in my head. A smile formed as I thought of the excitement I'd heard in Dad's voice. "About time," I sighed, before opening my books for an evening of studying.