Chapter 1
It has been three years since my husband died. I had spent most of that time grieving and drinking. I had a few dates during this time, but none of the men I met came anywhere close to my late husband, so I decided to give up and get out of the dating pool.
I lived alone in St. Augustine, Florida. One of the oldest towns in the United States and a claim to fame as one of the most haunted as well. My husband had given ghost tours on weekends as a hobby when he was alive. He loved the supernatural but acknowledged that most of these stories were folklore. To him, it was an escape from reality as a high-powered attorney. A job that literally took his life in the form of a major heart attack.
Over time, I started to become comfortable being a single woman in my thirties. I didn't have to shave my legs or put any makeup on. Not that it mattered much, my body hair was very fine anyway and barely noticeable. It just felt good to be natural.
I didn't mind being single, but I did notice that I was much hornier than I had ever been in my life. I didn't know if it was because my body was pressuring me to copulate as I approached the age where having kids was no longer ideal or if it was just to satisfy my loneliness.
I didn't have to work because my husband had left me with his generous retirement fund. As a single homebody with a house paid off and no kids, I could live off his retirement for the rest of my foreseeable life.
I walked around naked most days in my house with my saturated and unfulfilled pussy. I left the windows open because I had always been a bit of an exhibitionist. I was keenly aware that a few of my neighbors liked to watch. Sometimes, if I caught them watching, I would masturbate for a while. I loved seeing them with their mouths open and their hand on their cocks. I got myself off this way and it was much more satisfying than having sex with a random stranger.
Fingering myself in front of a window to orgasm didn't fully satisfy me, though. It was merely a way for me to keep my sexual desires at bay. There was something different and overtly sexually satisfying about having another person filling you up inside. I longed for the days where my late husband would bend me over the kitchen counter, pick my ass up off the floor and spear me with his cock.
I missed the sounds of his grunts, the sweat that would drip on my back, the grip on my hips and the force of his thrusts. He liked it rough and so did I, but afterwards, he would gently run his hand down my body caressing my breasts and navel and kiss my neck as he breathed into my ear. Before I met my husband, the men I had met would spank my ass and say a stupid comment or just plain walk away after sex. Conversely, my husband was the first man to show me the love he had for me. The gentle vulnerability that lingers moments after sex was where this man stole my heart forever.
Chapter 2
I woke up just like any other day, naked as the day I was born and needing coffee. I stumbled to the kitchen and started brewing a pot. My neighbor was mowing his lawn. I walked to the window and showed him the lawn above my pussy.
It was fun watching his reaction. He was wearing mesh shorts and as I started to play with my nipple, I watched the outline of his cock grown bigger and eventually form a tent in his shorts. He stopped mowing, bent down to hide it, and wiped the sweat from his brow. This was the power that I had over my neighbors. The ability to arouse them at will. I wish someone had that power over me.
I walked back to get my coffee and started pouring it into my coffee mug. Still groggy, I missed the mug and poured it onto the counter instead. I scrambled to grab a towel and leaned over the counter to wipe it up. As I started wiping, I felt someone grab my hips.
I immediately swung my head around, but nobody was in the room. The fine hairs on my arm stiffened and so did my nipples. I looked back at the coffee and there was no spill. I decided to forego the coffee and take a shower instead. As headed towards the bathroom, I looked out the window and saw my neighbor standing behind a bush hunched over vigorously moving his arm. To anyone else, it might look like lawn work, but I knew he was masturbating to me.
As I walked to the bathroom, I tried to recall just how much I had to drink last night. Maybe I was still drunk? I stopped right before the bathroom and did a handstand. I balanced my ass perfectly in the air and thus dispelling any fears that I was still sloshed. I returned to my feet and turned on the water to the shower. It always took a few minutes for the hot water to kick in. I looked into the mirror at my face.
My eyes were shadowed by dark circles, and my skin was dry and flaky. However, my overall appearance was not too bad, and I was confident that a quick application of lotion after my shower would leave me looking refreshed and rejuvenated. I looked down and ran my hand through my luscious bush. The great thing about not having a man around the house was the privilege of body autonomy. I always preferred a patch of hair down there and no man was going to tell me otherwise.
Abruptly, I turned my head when I heard a repeated smacking sound against the shower curtain. My immediate thought was that something may be wrong with the water. I hoped that this wasn't the case because I did not want a plumber marching into my bathroom today and tearing it apart. I opened the curtain and the sound vanished. It must have been the water, but it was hot and working now, so I jumped in and sighed blissfully at the warmth.
Showers always made me horny. It struck me as ironic that something made for you to be clean would make you feel so dirty. My thoughts shot back to my neighbor jerking his cock behind the bushes. I imagined myself lying beneath him on the ground covered in dirt egging him on. I imagined him spraying my tits and face with warm cum and then rubbing it into my skin with his grimy hands.
I grabbed the removable shower head and laid back in the shower. Setting the shower to pulse mode, I placed it in front of my pussy. The warm stream was intense, and the pleasure was almost immediate. I let my head rest on the shower floor and lost myself in the moment. My breathing became labored, and I alternated the shower head back and forth between my clit and asshole for several minutes. I licked my lips as the ecstasy released uncontrollable moans and whimpers from my mouth. The tingling sensation was building, and I felt my muscles start to contract.
As I stuck my finger in my asshole, the orgasm hit. It was strong and I could feel uncontrollable pulsing sensations in my pussy and ass that shoved my finger back out with tremendous force. I felt warm liquid splash onto my face and was puzzled as to where it came from. Maybe there was something wrong with the water.
I opened my eyes to search for the source, but there was none. Maybe it came from the shower head? No, I had it pointed down towards my ass. I went to wipe my face off with my hands and found that it was sticky. I brought my hand to my nose and sniffed. It smelled like a man's cum. Was there someone in the room with me?
Chapter 3
My heart raced as I turned off the shower and jumped out to look through the steamy room. I used my hand to wipe the fog off the mirror and the reflection confirmed that I indeed had a facial. I began wiping the cum from my face with my hands but stopped short of washing them. Looking down at my hands, I was compelled to play with the sticky cream and watch it spread into long strands between my fingers. I then used my gluey fingers to finger my pussy again.
My urge to masturbate was overpowering. I rubbed my clit fervently until I collapsed over the sink in pleasure. Instead of washing my hands, I licked them clean and swallowed the combination of juices to my satisfaction. As I came to my senses, I remembered that there may be an intruder in my house. I grabbed a robe to cover my body and then began cautiously searching my house.
My search was extremely thorough, and I closed each door as I verified there was nobody in the room. I verified that all my windows were closed, and my external doors were locked. There was no evidence of an intruder breaking in or leaving. I was confused, but also tired and needed to lay down. I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bed.
My dreams were vivid. I was laying on my stomach and could feel a naked man on my back. His warm breath flowed over the back of my neck and tickled my ears. My arms were bound behind my back as I usually prefer, and I was willingly begging him to fuck me. He didn't speak, but I felt his hand squeeze my ass and then firmly slide downwards over my snatch. Two large fingers massaged my clit for a few minutes until my pussy started dripping onto the bed sheet.
His fingers retreated and then I felt him pull my left knee towards my chest. I felt the pressure of his large cock press up against my folds. My natural lubrication guided his shaft as it penetrated me. I could feel my inside expand to accommodate his size. He paused for a moment halfway inside, pulled out slightly, and then proceeded to push his entire member deep into me.
A hand reached around to my chest to grope my nipple. His hands were confident, strong, but gentle. The dual sensation of being fucked while my tits were manhandled only strengthened my passion. I pushed my ass into his cock rhythmically to match his thrusts. He increased his pace and pushed deeper nearly hitting my cervix. My pussy started contracting and I felt the massive wave approaching.
He came first, slowing to match his thrust to the streams of semen he shot deep into my cavern. The wave crashed when I felt him filling me up and my pussy contracted around his cock, squeezing out any remaining juice trapped in his member. I felt him collapse on top of me and slide off slightly due to our combined sweat.
Chapter 4
I awoke and it was dark. I slept through the entire day. I remembered the dream as if it was real. As I rose, my pussy was saturated. I reached my hand down and pulled out more sticky liquid. It wasn't a dream!
My emotions were confused. I was wondering how I kept getting covered in cum and scared that there may be a stranger in my house. However, I was also excited at the possibility. I wished he would show himself, so I yelled out.
"If you are here, show me!"
There was no response, so I jumped out of bed and made my way into the bathroom again to wash up. As I approached the mirror, I noticed that my lipstick was opened and in the sink. I looked up at the mirror and in red lipstick writing I read the message.
I'm here!
I stood in front of the mirror, stunned, temporarily paralyzed. Then, I watched in amazement as the lipstick floated in mid-air and then began writing.
I'm Horny!
I should have been scared, but instead my lust overpowered me. My hand reached towards the mirror, and I traced the words with my hand. The writing matched my late husband's handwriting. I knew in my soul that my horny ghost was my husband. He used to say, jokingly, that he would come back to haunt me after he was dead. I laughed this off when he was alive and really didn't think much about it. Now, he had fulfilled his promise.
"I'm all yours, always have been." I reassured my ghost.
My robe fell off and I was lifted into the air. My back pressed against the wall and my legs spread apart. I felt a tongue run up my left leg and towards my inner thigh. Mysteriously, I felt another tongue on my right leg. The ghost tongues kept running up and down my legs and another tongue started licking my pussy. Ghost hands started feeling my breasts and biting softly on my nipples.
The multiple ghost appendages explored my body with excitement and purpose. I could feel phantom dicks penetrate my pussy, asshole and mouth. I clamped my lips around the large member in my mouth and took it down my throat until I gagged and let my saliva drip out of my mouth. I worked hard to stay in the moment as I fought against falling into unconsciousness due to the sheer amount of pleasure.
My horny ghost increased its thrusts into my holes. With each thrust, the environment around me changed. Doors opened and closed, lights pulsed, and I could hear the TVs as they turned off and on. There was a cool breeze that blew through my hair causing my arms to break out in goosebumps.
All this only fueled my desire. I began to audibly moan and growl as I reached out with my hands to grip onto the spirit of my husband. I was rewarded with the feeling of my late husband's chest. I grabbed onto his hair, even though I was unable to see it. I could feel sweat dripping onto my hands.
I felt a fire grow within and then my first orgasm hit. I detonated and my pussy began leaking all over the floor. I screamed at the top of my lungs, but my husbandly specter didn't relent. The pace quickened and he kept pounding my insides. I felt him inject his seed directly down my throat as I swallowed, but ultimately dribbled the rest down my chin and onto my chest.
I came again as he unloaded in my ass. My body spasmed and I could feel my hips bucking. My asshole puckered and his cum began dripping out of my ass. The trickling sensation made me bite my lower lip. He kept fucking my pussy.
I eagerly anticipated him to discharge his haunted semen into my pussy, but I didn't expect what happened next. While continuing to fuck me, I had my third orgasm and felt my pussy contract harder and my legs began to shake. He came in me, on me, over me, everywhere!
Chapter 5
I woke up on the floor covered in cum. The shower curtain was torn. I got up and walked into the hallway. Wall pictures were on the floor, some doors were open, and others were closed. I staggered towards my room and looked into my full-sized mirror. I was completely nude, my hair was tangled, cum covered my entire body, and I had light scratch marks decorating my body.
I have never felt so alive in my life. I smiled at my reflection and then noticed the specter of my husband hovering over me. He smiled and winked and then I watched my transformation unfold. As if I had taken a shower, my skin shed the sticky goo that covered me and began to glisten. I watched my hair untangle before my eyes and the circles under my eyes dissipate.
My transformation was also internal. I felt complete again. I had energy and felt hope for the future. I also had a renewed sexual excitement. I had never experienced such a complete and total carnal bliss.
I walked out of my room and strode naked through the house. I opened the front door and walked outside in the early morning light. Something compelled me to keep walking. Being outside walking down the street completely nude was invigorating. I had no idea where I was going but stopped finally as I arrived at the Castillo de San Marcos Fort. I could see the outlines of ghosts turning to stare at my body. The thought of these phantoms ogling my body turned me on. I watched the sun rise and their forms fade and then walked back to my house.
Chapter 6
It has been three years since my wife died. I had spent most of that time grieving and drinking. I couldn't bring myself to date. My friends tried to set me up, but I declined the offers. Nobody could compare to her, and I doubt I would ever find love again.
I lived alone in St. Augustine, Florida. One of the oldest towns in the United States and a claim to fame as one of the most haunted as well. I gave up my job giving ghost tours and instead spent my time working at my law office. My wife had encouraged me to give ghost tours because she said it made my eyes light up. When she passed away from the car crash near Castillo de San Marcos Fort, I just gave up on the things that mattered to me.
You could say that I pretty much was lost without her. I maintained a decent appearance for work, but I would come home and just pass out on the couch to mindless TV garbage.
Being single meant that I was always horny. I regularly masturbated to free porn on the Internet and when that got boring, I would read erotic stories about couples and visualize my wife and I having sex. Sometimes I would bend her over the kitchen counter, pick her up, and drive my dick into her until we made a mess with our love juices all on the floor.
I missed the sounds of her moans and the curve of her back. I loved to grab her shapely hips thrust my cock into her pussy. She liked it rough and so did I, but afterwards, I liked to make sure she knew I loved her, and I would gently caress her body and kiss her neck. She was the only woman that I truly opened my heart to, and I could not betray her love even after her death.
Chapter 7
I woke up just like any other day, stumbling into the kitchen with my morning wood and needing coffee. I started brewing a pot and looked out the window. My neighbor was mowing his lawn. He caught my glance and looked down to see my dick poking out of my shorts, I quickly covered up and walked away from the window embarrassed.
I walked back to get my coffee and knocked the pot over, spilling coffee everywhere. I grabbed the nearest towel and leaned over the counter and wiped it up. As I turned around, I thought I saw a silhouette of my wife in the kitchen, I reached towards her to grab her hips, but she was gone.
I collapsed to the floor and buried my head in my hands. I had severe panic attacks every so often after her death. After a few minutes, the panic attack subsided, and I left the kitchen and walked towards the bathroom. As headed towards the bathroom, I caught a glance of my neighbor again out the window. He was crouched behind a bush doing lawn work. Next time I see him, it's going to be an awkward conversation.
I stepped into the shower and immediately tensed up due to the cold water. I really needed to fix that. I waited patiently in the shower as it warmed up and start passing the time by jerking off. I preferred using the shower because it was an easy cleanup afterwards.
Suddenly, the shower curtain pulled slightly open! I turned my head and saw nothing, must have been the air conditioning turning on. I pulled the shower curtain back and then noticed that the water was finally warm. I stepped into the stream for a second and then the removable shower head fell. I sighed and decided to finish masturbating before I picked it up.
Upon envisioning my late wife in my head, I gripped my cock harder and faster. After just a minute, I felt my muscles tense and I closed my eyes and shot my load all over the shower. I looked down, but I didn't see any cum to clean up. I guess the shower head took care of it. I turned the shower off and stepped out to dry myself.
Chapter 8
I heard moans in the bathroom when I was drying my hair. My heart raced as removed the towel from my head and looked around. I went over to the mirror and saw an unusual pattern in the fog as if someone had wiped it away. I heard the moans again, so I put a pair of shorts on and then began walking through my house searching for the source.
As I searched, I noticed that the doors I had opened were now closed. There was no evidence of an intruder breaking in or leaving. I was confused, but also tired and needed to lay down. I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bed.
My dreams were vivid. I dreamt of my wife laying on my stomach in the nude. I laid myself on top of her and used my belt to bind her arms behind her back as she usually preferred. She lifted her ass into the air signaling her need for me to enter her. I firmly squeezed her ass and then slid my hand south towards her pussy and started working her clit for a few minutes. Her juices drenched the bed sheet, and I could smell the intoxicating aroma.
When she moved her left knee towards her chest, it gave me the room I needed to inject my member into her. I paused for a moment halfway inside, pulled out slightly, and then proceeded to push myself deeper using her natural lubrication.
I reached my hand around her chest and found her breast. I took the time to tease it by pulling and twisting the erect nipple in my fingers. She pushed her ass into my cock and we both fucked in perfect symbiosis. I kept increasing my pace and pushing deeper into her. I could feel her pussy muscles squeezing my cock and could not hold out much longer. As I came, I could feel her insides milking my dick for every last drop. I was spent and collapsed onto her feeling her sweaty warm embrace.
Chapter 9
As I awoke, I was hit with the realization that it was a dream and reality hit me again. It was dark, I must have slept through the entire day. The dream still registered in my mind as real. As I rose, I could see that I was covered in my cum. Maybe it wasn't a dream?
I got up and walked to the bathroom and rummaged through the drawers to find my wife's lipstick. I opened it up and twisted the bottom to reveal the deep red makeup that she used to wear on special occasions. I was lost in thought when I heard my wife's faint, but clear voice.
"If you are here, show me!"
Shocked, I was speechless, but in a moment of insanity, I remembered an old ghost story where a ghost responded to writing on a mirror. I frantically used her lipstick to write my message on the mirror.
I'm here!
After not hearing any response, I wrote another message that I hoped would get her attention.
I'm Horny!
Then, I heard my wife's voice call to me.
"I'm all yours, always have been." She reassured me.
A specter of my wife appeared before me. I reached out and pulled her robe off and then lifted her into the air and placed her back against the wall. I spread her legs apart and began to lick her. I ran my tongue up her left leg and towards her inner thigh. As my tongue approached the folds of her labia, she started to fade.
It is hard to describe the next sequence of events. Her body kept phasing in and out. Her leg would appear for a few moments and then a different leg. I rushed to lick and touch every part of her as they appeared. Then, I just started fucking any part of her that appeared in my sight. I didn't care, I just yearned for some part of her and was happy to have it.
I felt my cock in her mouth at times and as her openings appeared, I thrust my member into each. The pace quickened and I didn't let up. I chased her ghost around the house for hours, opening and closing doors and flicking lights to see if she was there. During the longer breaks, I turned on TV and watched porn to keep my erection up for when she appeared. I had to use a fan to cool down from my exhaustion.
It was all worth it as I finally she coalesced into one being and I came in her throat, then pushed through the sensitivity to come in the rest of her openings. When she finally climaxed, the floor flooded, and the scream was loud and unmistakable. I thought I had expended all my seed, but I stroked my cock fanatically again upon hearing her involuntary sounds and unleashed a massive stream of cum all over her ghostly body. She began to shake uncontrollably and then disappeared for a moment.
I found her ghost looking into our full-sized mirror. She was completely nude, hair tangled and our combined cum covered her entire body. I could see the scratch marks I left on her body as I was lost in the moment. When she smiled, I returned the smile and gave her a wink. I then watched as her supernatural form shifted to be more presentable.
I followed her as she walked out of the room and strode naked through our house. Our front door opened and then she disappeared into the early morning light. I didn't know if I would ever see her again in this life, but I knew she would be waiting for me in the next.