"Yawwwwwn!"
Sable McKellen had possibly slept three hours total after the strange ordeal between she and her Father in the kitchen last night. How could she have so horribly been mistaken what her Dad wanted? His words were so direct and on point that she grew convinced he was actually talking to her when he wasn't. Realizing it was Kelly Herbert, her boyfriend's Mother that Henry was masturbating over, Sable wanted to cry. Not because her Father didn't truly want her but because her parents were both all over the place sexually. Her Dad seen fucking Piper Cherry, then the online images of He and Sable, Dakota as well, her brain was overloading. Now Kelly?
"I need to clean up. I can still feel Daddy's...stuff on me even after I washed off last night. That was too close. How could Daddy not even see me on the floor in front of him? I mean...he was kind of lost, maybe drunk. Oh my God! I'm almost afraid to face him this morning." Touching her lips as she had last night, having smeared cum over them by accident she pouted. It was over and done, she would live, but it certainly had it's effect on her reality. Looking at her cell Sable discovered a text from her Mom reading, "I had to go in early. I told your Father to give Dakota a ride to school before taking you to the dentist. Good luck Baby, send me a smile when they're out. I love you." Fidgeting at her Mom always going in early or staying late she wanted to just say, "Slut!" but couldn't.
"Ugggggggh!" She huffed and fell back on to her mattress, "Fifteen more minutes." It wasn't as if she would fall asleep.
********
Across the hall her sister Dakota lay on her side holding her Mother's dildo to her chin, like a security blanket, lost in thought. Pajamas on but shirt unbuttoned all the way, how she had left it once returning to her bed last night. She like her sister Sable had gone downstairs and seen the computer monitor of their Father having sex with them, well their doppelgangers designed as part of his RPG called Frisque. The images excited her, giving her hope that her Father really did want to be with her. Asking him to coach her on how to be with a boy, using Angus Furlong as her pawn, she really wanted her Dad. He was relaxing more to the idea and even offered her this practice toy within her grasp, but she wanted to know the real flesh and blood version. For now it was fine but she required more. Sneaking downstairs catching her Dad jerking off in the kitchen, she like Sable had mistaken his intentions as being toward her. It wasn't.
"I'm so stupid to think Daddy really wants me. Even if I did excite him too much that he had to go next door and have sex with Piper. I want you Daddy." She nearly shed a tear and finally let out a defeated exhale. "Get it up Dakota. Maybe I should just give in to Angus. Our talk might have ruined that though." She sat up and removed her pajama top and cast it aside, looking at her closed door as if curious, "Did Mace sneak into our house to see me and chicken out? What was he doing in Mom's bedroom? I have to know."
Getting up she prowled her room looking for clothes to wear, not finding anything appealing, "I need to do laundry, everything I own is dirty besides the dresses Piper bought me. I can't wear dresses until next Wednesday though." Being a clean freak Dakota was sorely slacking of late. Giving up she sighs, "Maybe I should just stay home today and support Sable getting her braces out. No, Dad won't let me, I know he has things to do today. If he has any energy after Piper." A hint of jealousy was there but she brushed it away.
"Mom did say we could raid her closet. I wonder if Daddy's awake? I probably shouldn't just walk in on him after torturing him so." Looking at her bedroom door a second time she just took the risk. Opening her door she looked directly across the hall at her parents opened doorway. "He must be up. No shower running. Maybe he's in his office still." Opting to walk topless into her parents room Dakota checked the bathroom first to find it empty and lifeless. Shrugging, the closet was her final destination. Overlooking dresses, she sifted through an array of tops, and jeans. Her Mother being a few inches taller made finding jeans that weren't too long a complication. Noting a pair that had legs that she knew met her Mother's calves Dakota inspected them better, holding the jeans out in front of her.
"Whoa! Mom has butt zipper jeans? No way! I've never ever seen her wear...tags still on it even." She giggled, "Same waist size as I wear...so going to try these on." Dropping them she wiggled her pajama pants down until she stood naked in the closet. Bending to pick up the jeans she put them on one leg at a time and pulled them up. With the zipper in back she felt strange and fought to zip them up at an angle. They were actually tight on her. "Maybe this is why Mom hasn't worn them." A thought dawned on her, "Hold on? Tag still on them...did I run into one of my birthday presents early? I mean...I guess they could be Sable's but, we're the same size so these are both of ours. Mine today." Dakota was cheering up.
"What shirt matches these?" She rifles through a dozen shirts before finding a navy blue V neck pullover with a zipper cleavage, "Zipper in the back of my pants, zipper in the front of my shirt." She laughs, "This is cute I like the butterfly style embroidery along the cleavage on both sides of the zipper. I can unzip it off and on and tease boys today. Maybe even Angus." Putting it on, it too fit slightly snug and made her breasts pop. "Love it!" She admires herself in the mirror. "Bobby socks and tennis shoes...wardrobe complete." Going back to her bedroom tossing her pajama bottoms in her hamper she finds her socks and shoes. Teeth brushed, perfume sprayed, deodorant dabbed. "This could be a good day."
Heading to Sable's room she found her sister actually asleep and jolted her awake. Spooked by the unexpected intrusion Sable sat up, "What time is it?" A glance at her clock she realized she had only napped five minutes. "Ugggggggggh!" Yet again. With Dakota sitting on her bed the sisters eyed one another. "You look nice."
"Raided Mom's things. Oh! Tear the tag off of my belt loop." She repositioned while Sable found the energy to rise up and tear the tag free using her nails. "I think these are part of our birthday presents. Mom might not notice if she sees me in the halls."
"Two hours Dakota. Two hours and we look identical in every way."
"I know. You scared?"
"No. I think it's going to be funny when we get confused for one another."
"I know, me too. You're coming to school after the dentist right?"
"Yeah, I want to see how people react before I make a fool of myself at the football game tonight. You still going?"
"I won't let you go through this alone."
"Setting with Mace or Mom?"
"Mace of course. Mom will be surrounded by boys, you know that."
"That should be us."
"You. I'm already swarmed." Dakota giggles, "In four hours you will be too. Trust me."
"I do. Oh my God...last night..." Sable starts to let Dakota in on what she saw her dad do but froze..."I had a dream that you had to wear braces."
"Whatever!"
"Did you...use Mom's toy?"
"I sucked on it just for giggles."
"Whoa! Ready for the real thing?"
"Getting there."
"Angus?"
"I'm not sure yet. If he kisses me again I might consider more. No hurry!"
"Really? He really likes you I think."
"He likes girls Sable." Dakota rolled her eyes, "I'm just one of those."
"True! We talked in class yesterday. He seemed really sweet."
"Dumping Travis for Angus?"
"Nooooooo! We should mess with Travis and Mace tomorrow when we all hang out at Piper's."
"I wanna know why Mace was in Mom's room first. I think I'll see if Mace will give me a ride again. Save Mom taking me." She realized, "Wait! Is Mom even here?"
"No. She left me a text. Dad must be giving you a ride. I thought Mace was the designated driver anyway."
"Oh yeah! Dad must be in his office. I better jet downstairs and tell Daddy I'm ready, then ask if I can ride with Mace. If he's awake. That way I can grill Mace about being in our home."
"That will mean he will want to know who ratted him out. Let him squirm until Saturday. Don't forget Travis. He asked for a ride."
"Crap! Alright, good luck Sissy." She hugs Sable. Once their loving embrace broke contact Dakota hopped up and headed downstairs.
********
Piper Cherry's home...a stretch of grass away...
"FUCK ME!" She stood in her shower letting scalding hot water pelt her back. "My body aches in places I never knew existed. Who knew Henry was that...Godlike." Wincing she forces herself to bathe. Once the water begins cooling she ended her rain. Like a Goddess...takes a God to know a God.
Having been devastated physically by Henry, Piper had fallen fast asleep. She prayed that her Nephew didn't get off over her while sleeping so soundly. She wouldn't put it past him. Shrugging off images of Mace jerking off on her slumbering body Piper dried herself and went directly into beautifying. We all know the process.
Dress selection already in mind knowing that Carl Manley had instructed she dress even more risque, Piper put on a white number that was equally as short as every dress she had worn to work thus far, even the back of her dress was similar with an entire backside reaching down to her upper butt crack's Y. Flesh from neckline down in full glory, only two extremely long ribbon like spaghetti straps went over her shoulders and connected to the skirt below. From the sides the swell of her breasts peeked as if half moons, definitely alluring to anyone looking at her from the sides. The V neck feature in front didn't leave a whole lot hidden, sweeping down between her melons and pointing directly at her barely concealed belly button. What made the dress even more stunning was the see through screen like fabric sewn into the dress that shared the flesh beneath as if a mosquito net. Her skirt being slightly more snug than normal over the hips offered the creases of her inner thighs along the pelvic bone. Spectacular! Ankle jewelry, stiletto heels in five inch fashion, and a cute white choker around her throat finished her modelling jig.
"Well Carlos? Risque enough without streaking?" She twirls in step admiring her curves within her dresser mirror. "This should get a rise out of Roger...every guy at Horton-Dexter." She mused primping her long blond Goddess curls. "Let's see...what perfume to wear today?" She explores a tray of bottled scents swaying a fingertip over each one indecisively, "Let's narrow it down to Fuck me like the Animal I'm made from, to Bringing in the Sheepskin." She giggles and chooses the most erotic of the two. "Mmmm! This might make me fuck myself." A delicate wave to entice the world that she was on her way, her pup Rotten sniffed the air and used a paw to rub his nose. "Too much? Live with it." She bent over and scratched his snout, "Sorry Baby."
In bending over to give Rotten attention her nephew Mace shuffled to her opened door and inhaled her scent, "I can smell that clear upstairs." It was then he saw his Aunt's clam beneath her rising skirt. Gritting his teeth he boasted his first morning erection beneath his sweats, nothing more. Standing tall Piper turned to him and offers a twisted singing rendition of, "Who hasn't let the Dogs Out. YOU YOU YOU!" Her arms in the air sent her tits rolling about like her cheerleaders pompoms.
"Leash in hand." He poises it then notes her choker, "Am I walking him first or you?"
"What? My choker's cute. Him first, raincheck." She razzes him, "I AM kidding Mace. Don't get your hopes up."
"You're in a good mood. Mr. McKellen must have..."
"HUSH! Henry was...FUCK ME!" Her eyes bulged as her hands fanned her features, "Josie is a damn fool. That man has stamina, my legs are still weak."
"Looked like your ass was pretty red too. You bent I looked, not sorry."
"I know! My cheeks are still on fire. I almost hate that they are, I don't want Roger to second guess our date tomorrow...the whole weekend. You have plans set?"
"Yep! Unless they change their minds Dakota, Sable, and Travis are hanging out. Movies, Pizza, Naked Twister..."
"You are not going to pressure those girls Mace. If I hear you did I'm going to make your ass cheeks redder than mine."
"Dakota kissed me yesterday."
"Oh lord!" Piper pinched the bridge of her nose, "I thought she was into Angus Furlong?"
"I think she is. My gut says she used me to make him jealous. He and the cheerleaders. Attention getter thing is my guess."
"She's learning the ropes of dating and her sexuality. In the brief time Henry and I did talk he..." She looks at the time, "Shit! I gots to run."
"Wait! Tell me what he said."
"That should be private Mace. Doctor, Client privileges'. Zipping my lips now. Oh! Cable Tech at 8:30, don't go back to bed. I need internet. My roaming is costing a fortune."
"You own a fortune." He chuckles.
"It's just fun to sound poor. T-shirt pick up too when the Cumcast gets done. You can't let me down Mace. I need time to pass them out before the end of the school day. I swear if they screw up my order I'm going to scream."
"Louder than Mr. McKellen made you scream?" He hooks the leash to Rotten smirking.
"Maybe not that loud. Our other neighbors are going to start calling the cops about disturbing the peace between me and you doing what we do."
"I do get the cheerleaders into a serious pep rally."
"Uh huh! STOP FUCKING IN MY BED."
"Won't today! You and Mr. McKellen ruined your clean bedding. I'm tired of washing them."
"Blame yourself. Okay Charm School...gotta run."
"In those heels?"
"Break neck speed Buddy Boy." She snatched up her purse and keys while Mace led Rotten to the front door. Holding it open for her to exit first he whistled at her racing to her SUV.
"AUTOBAHN BABY. Nice curves." Mace laughed as she flipped him off over her back blindly. Piper did love having her nephew around, even if he was trying way too hard to have sex with her. Something she was resisting with all her might. If he wasn't blood kin...? A toot of her horn she backed out and put the pedal to the metal. Guns & Roses song Paradise City blaring.
********
Ten minutes earlier...
Dakota McKellen made her way downstairs to find her Father. Halfway down she heard a gruff snore and paused to listen, "Daddy must have fallen asleep on the couch." She decided to creep down quietly, knowing her intent was to get a ride from Mace next door. She would let Sable wake her Father, for now she wanted to escape without his notice, just like she had when he was jerking off in the kitchen. What spooked her last night was a mystery, she still wanted her Father's attentions via training her for boys, but the whole RPG incest images with their lookalikes spooked her a bit. After much thought while back in bed last night she was back on track.
Stepping to the foot of the couch her jaw dropped, "Whoa! Daddy's naked. His blanket fell on the floor. His dick is...I hope he's dreaming of me...I so want to make him that hard." With Henry dead to the world Dakota looked about, first noticing the whiskey tumbler and half drained bottle on the coffee table, her thoughts worried, "I hope he's not too drunk to drive Sable to the dentist."
A loud snarl clearing his throat made her jump slightly, Henry drooling from his lips was almost funny. Eying his cock again she bit her lower lip and peered toward the stairs. Hearing a shower rile up she knew Sable was getting ready. That left Dakota once again alone with her Father. Fascinated by his beast being rock hard she folded her arms over her chest and pondered if she should risk touching it. This was a prime opportunity as long as he didn't wake up.
"Do I dare? I want to know what a real dick feels like." She releases her arms and quietly shakes off her nerves then drops to her knees, the ruffled blanket beneath them. Hands gravitating inch by inch closer to his beast she studied his snoring pattern convincing herself he was totally gone. Taking a deep breath she surrounds the thickness of his cock without closing her hand at first, eyes amazed that her hand could barely touch fingertips even when tightening any grip. He was that meaty, his crown large and shiny was inviting to her imagination. "Oh my God! I can't believe I'm doing this." As fingers close softly she feels the heat of circulation, veins throbbing valiantly under her palm. Staring at her hand she finds herself afraid to grip too tightly and awake him prematurely. Too much friction should she rub it could spell her end.
With a resounding rally of lion like growls Henry let her know that he wasn't even feeling her grip at the moment. In awe she moved her other hand down and gently cupped his balls, squeezing delicately just to understand the flexibility of them. "Oh my God! I'm really doing this. His balls are so soft, his dick so hard." The fascination brewing a wetness between her legs she just had to try one more thing before heading to Piper's house.
One last look about for safety she rises a bit from her knees and leans over her Father's lap, mouth directly over that massive crown. Trembling heavily she releases her hands and just supports her weight on the couch back to steady her balance. Lips lightly touching his crown she kissed it for fun then dared to lower her lips down to the crest of the mushroom shaped helmet. One tight compression over it her eyes rolled back at achieving the impossible.
DING DONG!
Doorbell ringing Dakota panicked and fell backwards over the coffee table toppling the whiskey bottle to the floor. The doorbell ringing a second time Henry revived to look up with blurred vision. In his drunken awareness he didn't immediately notice Dakota. She quickly found her footing and picked up the bottle setting it back on the table.
"Who's at the door?" Henry grumbled holding his eyes.
"I got it Daddy. I was just covering you up. You should really put some pants on." Fanning the blanket over him she bulged her eyes and scurried to the front door. Opening it without smiling Dakota winced at the visitor. Outside the storm door stood Travis Herbert holding up a single red rose for her to see. Caught off guard Dakota just opened the door and glared at him.
"You left your rose at my house last night. Mom put it in a small vase with water."
"I'm Dakota." She finally smiled showing her teeth. "I'll take it. Run next door and tell Mace we need a ride. Daddy got drunk so he needs time to get it together.
"Oh crap! Sorry Dakota, you two look so much alike that unless you smile bright..."
"It gets worse Perbert. In three hours you won't ever know for certain, until you pinch my ass instead of hers. Black eye if you get us mixed up."
"Yeesh! Here!" He hands her the rose and she sets it on the stand beside the front door. "See you next door." Travis bolted away, noticing Piper Cherry heading down the street and Mace walking her dog.
Closing the door Dakota looks back at the sofa and finds Henry on his feet stretching, blanket back on the floor and his dick wagging. "Daaaaddy!" She feigned a blush.
"Might as well get used to seeing it. I'm used to catching you."
Giving up her shyness game Dakota moved closer and hugged him, his cock rolling up along her tummy along the navy blue shirt. He patted her back and then burped a stench of Scotch.
"Ewww! Are you going to be alright taking Sable to her appointment? I just told Travis to go tell Mace to give us a ride to school. That way you have time to sober some."
"Thoughtful of you Punkie. I'll be okay after I make a cup of strong coffee. Better let me go I need to piss. Morning wood." She eased away and looked straight down at his beast. "One last lesson before you go?"
"Really?" She brightens up.
"One condition."
"What's that Daddy?"
"You kiss Angus today and apply my lesson."
"Oh my gosh! I can so do that."
Picking her up in a squeal he hoists her up into his arms slightly over his head and looks up into her eyes with puckered lips. Laying one on her, lips locking and tongue frolicking about in one another's mouths, she whimpered and caressed his cheek at the emotional devotion of his kiss. Thirty seconds of investment he lowered her down. His dick dragging along her shirt and directly across her crotch. She flared her eyes at the tip of his dick tugging up between her thighs in passing. "Sorry Punkie. My judgements off a bit. I should have put some space between our bodies."
On her feet in awe she bubbles up and hops up and down, "I'm sooo kissing Angus today. Thank you Daddy." She then makes a move that should have got her into trouble. With her right hand she reaches up and pats his cock, "Bad boy. No touchy."
"Him? You just touched me." He grimaced, "Don't make that a habit. Go to school." He turned her away from his body by her shoulders and slapped her butt making her laugh. Noticing her jeans he winced, "You have your pants on backwards?"
"No I don't. I found these in Mom's closet. They're called back zipper jeans. I think she must have bought them for my birthday they still had a tag. I don't have any clean clothes."
"That's your problem. You girls are on your own in the laundry department. Don't get unzipped."
"Like this?" She turns to face him again and lowers her shirt zipper all the way down exposing the fullness of her 34B's. Giggling she zips back up and heads for the door, bookbag by the staircase hanging on a hook. "Don't let Sable see you nakie."
"Yeah, I'm heading up to shower. Hey?" He halts her as she opens the front door again. "Who's rose?"
"Sable's, Travis gave it to her. Bye Daddy."
As Dakota closes the door Henry steps to the rose and scowls.
"I should put up a sign that says No Petaler's Allowed." Leaving it Henry headed upstairs. "Wait a second! Why didn't Josie take Dakota to school?" Only a text in waiting Henry.
Dakota felt like she had butterflies in her stomach.
No, they were still on her cleavage.
Nice perches!