Before dawn on the sixth and final day of their honeymoon, John lay in bed listening to the soft spray of water far below their window. He could make out conversations in Spanish and the sound of metal scraping on asphalt. He envisioned the ground's crew, dressed in their green shorts and polo shirts with the resort's name written in gold script over the breast pocket, hosing down the pool area, aligning chairs in curved rows along its kidney shape and covering them with the foam pads that are stacked each night in a shed behind the snack bar.
The workers clean the pool area early because vacationers flock from their rooms at daybreak to save the best locations around the pool. Chair hoarding is serious business at the resort, and its mix of competitive intensity and inconsideration gave John a bemused chuckle all week. Each morning he'd look down from the balcony as men and women scurried to and fro, marking territories with a multitude of personal items--books and beach bags, sandals and sneakers, towels and T-shirts--and then meander back into the hotel, presumably for a few more hours of sleep. They'd return later, well rested and ready for another afternoon in the sun, while other guests had been relegated to the second row all morning.
John didn't go to the balcony this morning. He and Heather had been up late. He stayed curled on his side, his eyes closed and the sheet pulled to his chin. With the scent of institutional detergent filling his nostrils, he made a correlation between the chair saving ritual and his own decision early on to ask Heather to marry him. He'd dated her only a year, but that was long enough to know she was the one for him. To John, Heather was that coveted lounge chair by the pool, the one worth getting up early for. Her pledge to wait for marriage before sex didn't dissuade him. He knew a good thing when he saw it; so he did as the chair runners do...he pounced early, marked his territory and waited for his time in the sun.
John uncurled his six foot frame and stretched, the crisp white sheet sounding like a sail in a breeze as he unwrapped and re-wrapped himself in it. He was excited, thinking of the night before, thinking of the sexual firsts he and Heather had accumulated during the week.
Their third day had been a cornucopia of initiations for Heather... swallowing, being exposed on the beach, having anal sex, getting her cute butt spanked, being watched. The list went on and on. He was amazed at how excitedly she'd taken to it all. Now, as he lay in bed on their last morning, day three seemed like a long time ago.
Asking Heather to be his "love slave" had turned out to be a savvy idea on John's part. It provided her with a reason to go wild, and an excuse for doing so. No matter how kinky they got, she could claim she was doing only what her husband wanted her to. They had many adventures over the week, and whenever John asked about the excitement he saw in her, she insisted her pleasure was derived not from satisfying her own needs but from her strong desire to please him.
This sounded good in theory. But when John thought about it, which was many times a day, he saw Heather's rationalizations as half truths. No doubt she liked pleasing him. That much was apparent. But it was also apparent she got off on their adventures as much as he did, and not because of the satisfaction she saw John getting from them.
As he thought back on the week, he realized many of the things they did on day three and beyond happened with very little prodding from him.
He remembered how she'd welcomed him back to their room after his archery class, with the side strings of her bikini pulled high and her inflamed pussy lips making lumps in the suit. She'd scrunched the cups of the top too, letting her breasts practically spill out.
He thought of her standing proudly before the Frisbee players and disrobing down to her see-thru lingerie, her erect nipples clearly showing through her bra. She could have removed her sundress more discreetly sitting on the towel, but she hadn't.
He thought of her spreading her legs and burying her heels in the sand as the voyeur walked by them on the beach. She had spread her legs as he passed without any prompting from John, giving him a view of her thong pulled deep into her gash.
And he remembered her stealing a look at the voyeur when he was hiding in the palm grove, and asking John to come in her mouth when she knew the man was watching. It wasn't until a lengthy and evasive conversation the next day when Heather would finally admit to seeing the man there, which to John validated his point that she hadn't done it for his benefit.
And then there was everything that happened last night, their last in St. John.
John rolled over toward his bride and blinked open his eyes for the first time that morning. Dawn's first light seeped through a crack in the curtains, throwing a dull illumination into the center of the room while leaving the corners of the walls obscured in shadow. He looked at Heather intently, making out the steady rise and fall of the white sheet over her naked form. He listened to her breathing and noted how still she was.
Her dark hair spilled from the pillow like a waterfall. He reached over and trickled his fingers through it ever so gently, not wanting to wake her after a night of doing things to please him. He loved her with all his heart, and found he was comfortable crossing boundaries with her. He wasn't mad at her for the night they shared and he wasn't jealous. He had loved every part of it, especially watching her excitement. When his hand found a spot in her hair that was matted he didn't jerk it away. Instead, his cock began to stir, visualizing how it had become so crusty. He knew he'd want more adventures. He just wanted Heather to be honest about her excitement for them.
He rolled over, away from Heather, his newly sharpened spike carving into the bed as he turned. He pushed his cock into the mattress, remembering night three's dinner conversation, when he'd admitted getting excited watching Heather suck his fingers, pretending it was another man's cock in her mouth. Heather had sipped her wine, turned away and fidgeted in her seat when she heard his admission; she did everything but look at him. Then she reminded him she was his love slave and would do whatever he wanted.
The curious thing for John, the exciting thing, was knowing "love slave day" would be over in just a few hours and she had elected not to mention that.
John continued pushing his cock against the mattress while letting his mind wander ahead to day four...the day he taught Heather to deep throat him. Since sucking him on their wedding night it was evident she had a natural talent. She was enthusiastic and loving, selfless and eager, not shy about body fluids. Best of all, sucking seemed to excite her immensely. Many times while sucking him she'd masturbate, timing her orgasm to his, and sometimes she could even come without touching herself at all.
Day four had been rainy--their only bad weather day--which was okay by them as they each were fried by the sun by that point. John was sitting in a chair in their room by the sliding door leading to the balcony. Heather was on her knees before him, naked, looking up like a puppy wanting a bone.
John put his cock in her mouth and watched Heather take it as far back in her throat as she could. She got about three quarters of it in and waited, hoping her gullet would acclimate to the sensation and open more. When it didn't, John pushed her head down and she gagged.
Heather stayed kneeling with her head hanging as she gathered her senses, her hand gripping the base of his cock as if it was a lifeline. Then she lifted her head and went down on him again, just as devotedly.
John slid his cock in until he felt it bump against the back of her virgin throat. He threaded his hands into her hair. His leg moved between hers and his fingers tightened around her head. He noticed she was slippery with anticipation as she slid up and down on his leg. He waited almost a full minute and when her gullet didn't acclimate, he pushed her head down again.
They did this five times, the fifth ending with John coming in her mouth. She swallowed every drop and then they took a break. Later in the afternoon, they had another session and John came again--though his two orgasms were no match to the many Heather had piled up. She was responding positively to his aggressive behavior. She liked taking direction, she liked being his toy. John wondered if she was loving it all for him, or if she loved it for herself too.
Later that night, after dinner, Heather said she didn't want to go to the disco as on previous nights. She knew what John wanted, and led him back to their room.
John lay on the bed looking at his bride as she took off her blouse and skirt in front of the mirror. She gazed at her body, clad in her new periwinkle thigh highs, thong and push-up bra, looking very comfortable with the woman she was becoming. She adjusted her perky boobs in her bra, turned around and crawled onto the bed, getting on her haunches between John's legs. His right leg went between hers and he watched as she rubbed up and down on it. Then he guided her mouth to him and she went as deep as she could. His cock was big and hard when it hit the gate of her gullet. He reminded her to relax, to breathe through her nose, to not stop breathing no matter what or she'd gag. Then he put his hands in her hair.
She would admit later what a thrill it was waiting for him to push her head down.
He pushed with more force than he had during the day. When she jerked up he pushed down again and didn't let her up. He kept pushing against her gullet, cutting off her air while reminding her to breathe through her nose. She felt slutty, violated and completely aroused. Just then her gullet sprang open and she engulfed his cock down to his nuts.
Heather moaned loudly as John kept his hands on her head. Several seconds later he relaxed his grip and her head bobbed up like a submerged buoy. She looked down, drooling, blinking, panting. Then she lifted her head, opened her mouth and took him in again.
This time she deep throated him without any help. For ten seconds John's hands remained at his sides as she stayed motionless with his cock seated in her throat. She breathed through her nose and moaned, eventually sliding him out little by little. She stroked him with her hand and sucked the head, then brought him back in deep again.
Her orgasm started well before his. She was working herself up for another one when she felt his cock spasm and his pearly load filled her mouth. She drank it down with immense satisfaction, seeing it as a reward for a job well done. When she had finished swallowing everything, she looked up from her knees with a big smile. It had taken all day, but she had done it. She was proud of her new trick. A trick John had wanted her to learn...
Lying on his side while stroking his cock, John blinked his eyes and looked around the room. The shadows in the corners had marginalized. The sounds of the hose and mumbled voices had ceased. The running for the chairs would be in full swing by now.
He realized he didn't need to come right then. He'd averaged probably four or five orgasms a day over the last week. It had been a passionate honeymoon, and had changed his wife from an innocent girl to a sexual dynamo. And yet, after all that had happened, he still wasn't sure if Heather was doing it for him, or for herself. He was determined to find out. A conversation gathered in his mind, one he hoped would help her confess her own desires. He thought of a dialog, and then rolled over to spoon into her.
***
Heather awoke early on their last morning with a desire to come. After the sexy start to her honeymoon--making love for the first time, sucking John for the first time, being licked for the first time--her hunger seemed to grow by what it fed upon. And then came day three, the day when everything seemed possible and none of it inappropriate; the day her hunger became a craving.
She'd never had multiple orgasms before, but day three brought with it an ability to come effortlessly. Some of her orgasms were bigger then others, but the small ones offered a rapid succession that made her stomach flutter. Lying in bed, she longed for the big ones, and longed for the tummy ticklers too.
Heather heard water showering the deck below and thought it was raining as it had on day four. She was groggy, not ready to get up, the room still dark and conducive to sleep. She lay on her side coiled away from John, the sheet pulled over her frame. Other than her chest rising, only the fingers of her right hand moved. She was remarkably wet. She was also sore to the touch. She wondered how in the sober light of morning John would react to their evening.
As she'd done several times on her honeymoon, Heather thought back to an incident that happened when she was a senior in high school. She had always been innocent, but one day she found herself alone in a house with four boys. She was completely out of her element, but she was lured by the attention she was receiving. When the boys pulled out a men's magazine she didn't walk away from the situation as she otherwise would have. It was the first time she'd seen such explicit pictures and she found herself oddly captivated.
She was on a couch with a boy on either side of her and the other two boys standing in front of her. Her head was spinning as they looked at the pictures together.
The boy to her left whispered they would never say a word to anybody, and then he cupped her breast through her blouse. She knew how wrong it was, knew how crazy it was, but for the first time in her life she felt naughty and reckless and didn't pull his hand away.
Soon, the boy to her right was fondling her other breast while they all gazed at a series of pictures of a pretty blonde girl on her knees, sucking several men. Heather's nipples rose as she studied the photographs and she felt a warmth between her legs. It wasn't long before the boy on her left was unbuttoning her blouse and unhooking her bra.
Her blouse was off and her bra in her lap when the mother of the boy whose house it was walked in on them. Seeing the scene, the mom understandably threw a fit, calling Heather a slut and telling them all to get out of her house. Heather quickly put on her blouse and ran for the door with her bra in her hand, her shame palpable. It got far worse the next day when word of the incident leaked out and circulated through school.
From that day, Heather had vowed to herself she'd wait for marriage. She kept true to her promise, even suppressing her desires when she and John were so seriously in love in college.
But many times when she was alone in her bed, or in the bathtub, she would remember that day with the four boys. She would pretend the mother had never come home and she was the girl in the photos, sucking them all, letting them take her in any way they wanted.
Now, on her honeymoon, she realized her husband was open to all sorts of exploration and possibilities, that he would welcome the secret thoughts she'd always kept submerged. As the days went by, she couldn't help but let her pent-up desires flood to the fore, and on the last night of their trip the dam burst open. For their final night in St. John, Heather had dressed in a silk camisole with spaghetti straps, a little pleated skirt, thigh highs and a matching aqua bra and thong. The honeymooners had enjoyed a candlelight dinner at a small, beachside restaurant and then headed back to the resort and necked and drank wine in a dark booth in the disco. She'd been his love slave since day three, listening to John and doing whatever he asked of her...sucking him in elevators...touching herself under their dinner table...undoing a button to tease a bartender. In the booth, John's hand found its way to her thigh as they cuddled. She didn't protest when she felt his fingers wiggle inside her thong and start working their magic. She looked about the room to make sure they were unnoticed and saw someone at the bar looking across the dance floor at them. At first she didn't recognize him, but his sad eyes gave him away.
"Oh my God!"
John pulled his wet fingers from her. "What, baby?"
"It's the voyeur from the beach!"
John gazed across the bar and recognized the man. Heather waited for him to say something, and when he didn't she reached for his hand and put it back inside her thong while looking to the bar.
"You're not thinking of inviting him over, are you?" She said hesitantly.
John hadn't been planning on it, but he was too curious to see how she'd react not to.
It didn't take long for the man to realize he'd been summoned. He ordered another drink at the bar and strolled over. Getting to their booth he smiled down at Heather as she put her hand on her husband's leg. He was older, maybe forty, visibly tipsy and good-looking.
Without acknowledgement of how they knew one another, John asked him to join them. When the man crowded into the booth on the other side of Heather, she felt very small between the two of them.
"You clean up nicely," he said brashly, in lieu of a hello.
Heather blushed, remembering that she'd been covered in come the only other time he'd seen her.
"So you remember us?" John said with a laugh.
"The vision of this one'll be with me a while," the man said, cocking his head toward Heather. "You see all kinds of things in the islands when you look for them."
His name was David and in spite of his boldness, or maybe because of it, Heather found him entertaining. At one point she fingered his wedding ring and waited for a reply. He said his wife didn't like loud music and was asleep in their room. Heather gave him her newly perfected pout and brushed her fingers against his.
Over the course of the evening she danced with David several times as John watched from the booth. When a slow song followed a fast one, she and David stayed on the floor while John continued watching.
She settled into David's arms and felt his leg pushing against her thigh. He was a good dancer, and she wondered if John was noticing David's hand moving down her body, settling on her butt. She did nothing to move it away and glanced over to the booth. She saw John watching intently and rested her head on David's shoulder, hoping John was hard. She felt almost naked in David's arms, the short skirt riding up and only the tiny thong and thigh highs underneath. She was so squirmy with desire she could hardly stand it.
When the song ended, the couple came back from the dance floor. Heather was flushed and giggly in the booth while John ordered more drinks. As he turned back from the waitress he saw Heather quickly remove her hand from David's knee. She touched her husband's thigh, leaned toward him and whispered, 'I love you."
The three of them sat close together in the booth again with Heather in the middle. As she and David talked and joked, John slipped his free hand underneath the table onto her knee. She felt it crawl up her leg to her thigh, and inch inward toward her pussy. She was possibly wetter than she'd ever been in her life and that concerned her. As much as she wanted John's fingers inside her, she wasn't sure she wanted him to discover just how wet she was right then.
She felt his fingers slip inside her thong and she couldn't resist leaning back and straightening her legs, enabling him to go deeper inside her.
Heather was scrunched down in the booth, her legs spread under the table, one resting on John's leg, the other finding its way against David's. Feeling both men's legs against hers while being fingered by her husband made her pussy even more drenched. She was conversing with David but her voice was getting shakier by the minute and her breathing became labored. Even David, who couldn't see under the table, could sense she was close to orgasm. When John suggested they go back to the room, Heather straightened up in the booth and said "okay" almost without thought, or maybe after much of it. John saw the familiar look in her eyes. She was in a trance and would do whatever he wanted...
Heather heard John tossing in the morning darkness, wrapping and rewrapping himself in the sheet. Her finger froze on her clit. She waited motionlessly for a full minute, listening to him breath and groan and flop around. Finally, he rolled onto his side away from her. When she was sure he'd settled back into his slumber, she began where she'd left off, her thighs slick as churned butter...
David leaned against one wall of the elevator looking at the newlyweds as Heather rested back against John, propped against the opposite wall. John took up where he'd left off, wrapping his arms around her little body and raising her skirt onto her thighs. She wiggled her hips and John pulled the skirt up higher, showing off the tops of her thigh highs to David. She pushed her butt against her husband's hard on, giving him the go ahead, and he pulled the skirt up even higher, flashing her thong briefly for David's pleasure.
She looked down at herself and watched John's fingers running up and down her thighs. With her mini skirt hiked high she tingled with the thought of being exposed. She looked up and saw David's cock pressing against his pants as John's thick tool pushed against her. If John had put his fingers inside her she would have gladly let David watch her come; instead, John only stroked her thighs and lifted her skirt playfully, giving David a few more glimpses, and leaving Heather lusting.
When they got to the room, each of them knew something was about to happen, but none knew how to start it. Heather was on the couch between the two men as she'd been in the disco, as she'd been with the four boys in high school. Her heart pounded and her hands wrung in her lap. She licked her lips. She knew no mother would be walking in on them. She waited...then waited more...until she'd waited so long she thought she might have to start it herself.
She watched John get up and pour more wine and turn on the radio. When he came back he held her glass to her lips and she sipped. He sat down and she put one hand on his knee, and then the other on David's. John looked at her hand resting on David's leg and asked her to take off her camisole.
It was as if she'd been waiting for a command. She lifted her hands and brought them to her waist, wrapping her fingers into the bottom of her cami. It was so sheer there wasn't much of a jump to take it off. She twisted her hands while biting her lip, looking at John. Then she pulled the garment over her head and held it to her side before releasing it onto the couch. She was in her pretty aqua push up bra sitting between the men, looking at her cleavage.
"That's a beautiful bra," David said.
"Thank you," Heather replied, not looking up. "It's new."
"She's wearing a new thong to match," John said. "Aren't you, baby?"
Heather looked at John. He smiled and touched her leg under her skirt, high on the thigh, almost at her clit as David watched.
"I'd love to see it." David coaxed.
"So would I." John concurred.
Heather got up from the couch and turned toward her husband. She hooked her thumbs into her miniskirt and let it drop to the floor. Then she bent at the waist and retrieved it, handing it to John who put it on the couch.
She again sat between the men and looked down at herself. She hoped John appreciated what she was doing. Her thong clung to her moist pussy lips. Her hands fluttered on her thighs. When a slow song came on the radio she swayed, bumping shoulders with both men.
"You like this song, sweetie?" John said.
"Yeah...it's good music. Good music to dance to."
John smiled. "Baby, why don't you take David for a dance then?"
John watched from the couch as she got up and let David lead her by the hand to a spot beyond the bed. David's arms went around her and she felt herself being pulled against him. She glanced over to John on the couch, saw his hand kneading his lap while David's manly scent enveloped her. She put her arms around him and met the subtle movements of his hips as he pushed his hard cock against her. Heather was close to coming standing there in his arms, knowing her husband was watching.
When the song ended Heather left David in the middle of the room and came over to John. She said quietly, "I think he's excited."
"No doubt. How about you?"
"Baby, I know you liked watching me. Of course I'm wet. I'm drenched."
"Show us."
"Show you?"
"Show us both."
"Oh, honey. I'll do what you want, you know that."
"Do it for me. And for you."
Heather quietly turned so both men could see. Her hands were shaking. She widened her stance, reached down with one hand and pulled the crotch of her thong to the side as both men watched. She looked down and saw her glistening pussy lips. Her heart was pounding in her chest. She put her fingers on either side of her pussy and spread her lips apart for all to see.
"You have a beautiful shaved pussy," David said.
"It's very wet," Heather replied, shocking herself with her boldness.
"Go make him come," John said from behind.
Keeping her eyes on David, she said, "Oh gosh. Are you sure?"
John settled back on the couch. They had been hinting more and more about the fantasy since day three. Now, it was upon them. No more fingers in the mouth. This was the real deal. He didn't answer. He sensed he wouldn't have to.
Heather walked over to David in her thong and bra and thigh highs. John had turned off the radio when a Spanish speaking commercial had come on, so the room was quiet as she dropped to her knees and unbuckled David's pants. Her hands shook as she unzipped him. When his fly was fully down she looked up into his eyes and smiled. John looked on from the couch, witnessing her lust, her desire. His cock was hard as marble as he fumbled to release it from the confines of his pants.
She lowered her gaze and pulled down David's boxers, seeing the precome oozing from his stiff member. She looked at the beaded head and touched it to her lips. She rubbed his cock against her mouth, letting the precome coat her lips before licking them clean. He smelled and tasted different than John. Not better or worse, just different. She liked knowing there was a distinction. She wondered if all men were unique in that way. By the time John got behind her, David's cock was all the way down her throat.
"That's it, lover. Show him your new trick." John intoned.
Heather moaned, listening to her husband.
"Do you like sucking his cock?"
"MMMMHHHMMM."
"You wanna make him come?"
Heather pulled off for only a moment. "So much, baby."
"That's a good girl."
It had been a slow start in the room, but things heated up rapidly. John hovered over her, fingering her clit from behind, making her literally cream on his fingers within seconds of touching her. He removed his fingers and put his cock inside her as she spasmed. She was on the floor being fucked doggy-style while sucking eagerly, feeling David's cock thicken in her mouth. He exploded without warning and she drank down the first two or three shots of come as if it were nectar. As he continued spewing she pulled him out and let the remaining droplets fall into her hair and on her face and neck...
With John asleep beside her, Heather pulled her fingers from her clit quickly, knowing she was about to come. She opened her eyes, saw the room wasn't pitch black anymore and closed them again. She waited a minute, resting perfectly still. She was almost ready to start masturbating again when she felt John's fingers stroking her hair. She remained motionless, hoping he wouldn't discover how messy it was. She kept her eyes closed and her breathing steady. After a while she heard John rolling over. She waited several more minutes and then started moving her fingers again...
John had been fucking her hard from behind when David came. Having a stranger come on her only made her that much crazier with lust. With David done, she swung around and put John's wet cock into her mouth. She looked up and saw her husband staring at the glob of come on her cheek. Seeing it, he came as quickly as David had, making her feel proud. She swallowed every drop while David slowly stroked himself back to life. She'd be ready for him as soon as he was. It was a long night. At one point Heather laid back on the bed with her head in David's lap and John's mouth between her legs. David was fondling her breasts from behind, pinching her nipples into turgid peaks as John licked her. Just when she was about to come the two men switched positions, John cradling her head in his lap while she spread her legs for their new friend. Being eaten by this stranger was way too much. She grabbed John's hands and convulsed in another mind blowing orgasm.
She must have come five times that night. Toward the end of it, John went into the bathroom as Heather and David sat on the couch. By the time he came out, Heather was sucking his cock yet again...
Heather was still lying on her side, working her bruised slit gently. She was thinking of the conversation she and David had shared while John was in the bathroom. It had started as silly innuendo and ended with Heather very wet and David's cock in her mouth. Thinking about it as John dozed beside her brought her to the edge of orgasm and then quickly over the edge. It was unplanned and stifled, much like the orgasms she'd perfected in her dorm bed not so long ago.
"Heather?"
She heard John's voice from behind, felt his hand shaking her shoulder as he spooned into her.
"Heather baby...you sleeping?"
"I must have been...dreaming."
"You were shaking like a leaf. You okay?"
"I'm fine. What time is it?"
"It's early. We have plenty of time."
"John?"
"Yes, baby?"
"Are you mad at me?"
John kissed her neck. He kissed her ears. He told her he loved her, told her she meant the world to him. He held her in his arms as her face grew warm and her throat tightened. John turned her toward him and kissed her wet cheeks.
"There's nothing to cry about."
"I started feeling like I was cheating on you and I hated that feeling."
"You weren't cheating. You did what I wanted. You were in love slave mode, that's all it was."
"You were excited," Heather replied. "You loved it! I was glad I could make your fantasy come true. But I got thinking...what if you felt hurt or thought bad of me?"
"Those things aren't going to happen. We were exploring. Even with him here, it was just you and me being intimate and open, trusting each other. All the things we've done this week...they've brought us closer together."
"I did them for you, baby. Cuz you wanted me to. You have to believe that."
"I do. But if you decide you don't want something, you can tell me. I don't want you doing anything you don't want to do."
"I want to do what you want me to."
"I guess what I mean is, if you decide you don't want to do things for me, it's okay to say no."
Heather's tears dried quickly, leaving her eyes looking like polished stones. She looked adorable as she scrunched up her face and began talking again.
"You know...I've always been the good girl. I wouldn't want you thinking I'm some kinda slut now. I'm as shocked by my behavior as you must be."
"I'm not shocked. I like the girl you've become. I just want you to be honest about your feelings. You're married now; you want to please me. There's nothing wrong with that. But there's a little more to it, and we both know it."
John cuddled Heather as she fell silent. It was typical for her not to respond to this type of statement, so he wasn't surprised by her quietness. He was trying to sort out his own thoughts, what points he wanted to get across. He had hoped for some acknowledgement that she liked doing things for herself and not just because they were what he wanted, but she was still claiming to be driven only by a desire to please him.
As far as John was concerned, nothing advertised Heather's innate lust more then when he saw her sucking David with gusto as he walked out of the bathroom. Maybe he should have been mad seeing her on the couch bobbing on David's cock and moaning; instead, he got hard and walked toward her. She pulled off long enough to ask if he liked watching her. In response, he came on the side of her face.
***
It was ten in the morning and they were packing for their flight back to New York. An odd silence was between them as each was lost in complex thoughts. At one point Heather turned to John wordlessly and they kissed standing up, like on the alter a week earlier, only now their lips were big purple bruises. Heather cradled her head into John's shoulder and thought about their life together...how she'd always make him feel like his desires were guiding her.
"I want to make you happy forever, you know that?" she said.
"You need to make yourself happy, too," John replied.
She emptied her new thongs, bras, thigh highs, teddies and camisoles from the bureau and put them on the bed. She retrieved her miniskirts and shoes from the closet and went back for her suitcases. All the while she was formulating a sentence, a statement, a conversation in her mind. She couldn't live for John alone. She knew that. It was several minutes before she spoke.
"Did you know David has a house in the Hamptons?"
"You're kidding?"
"No. In Southampton."
"How do you know?"
"He told me...when you were in the bathroom."
"You weren't doing much talking when I came out. I'm surprised you found time to chat."
Heather giggled. "Oh, that. He wouldn't take no for an answer. You left that stupid porn movie on right in front of him. It looked like you enjoyed seeing me like that when you finally came out."
"I liked seeing it. It showed me a lot. You want us to go to Southampton to see him, is that it?"
"No. I just thought it was interesting that he lived close by."
"It's interesting. But, why say it unless you want us to see him again?"
"No. That's not it."
"What's not it?"
"I wasn't thinking it would be fun if we saw him again."
"He told you he has a house in Southampton though, right baby?"
"Yeah. He spends his summers there."
"Did you tell him we live in New York?"
"Well...in the course of conversation I might have."
Heather was being evasive. She had gotten this way throughout the week whenever he'd asked if her excitement was more than just from wanting to please him. He was dying for her to confess that she liked their experiences as much as he did, but he waited a moment to speak, knowing she'd clam up if he pushed too much.
"He doesn't want us to visit? He said that?"
"No he didn't say that. You're off track, my love."
"Why don't you just say what you're thinking then?"
"I know you're wanting me to say something, but really it was nothing."
"Darling, you say you do everything for me, which is good. But sometimes I want to know what turns you on."
"Doing for you turns me on. That's my turn on. Let's not go through this again. I don't feel like analyzing it."
"Okay, we won't. But you know what turned me on? When you finally confided that you'd seen David watching us from the palms that day. You didn't know I saw him too, but you'd gotten so excited with him there. You liked him watching you...for you, not for me...and that excited me."
"Yes but, it was because I was with you. It didn't matter he was watching really. I just saw how excited you were and got set off by it."
"Alright. You've said that before. Let's back up. Did he want us to have another night, or not?"
"I already said that wasn't it."
"But it's something?"
"It was all in jest."
"I can live with jest. If it was fun and games you'll have no problem telling me."
"He said I should go to Southampton. I should go. That was the big joke. He wanted just me there."
"He wants you there while I stay home in New York?"
"He was kidding. It sounds bad out of context, but I wasn't offended."
"Oh, Good. I'm glad you weren't offended." John gave Heather a half smile, showing he was kidding with her.
Heather folded the collection of new clothes she'd acquired on the trip. Mini skirts in one pile, short shorts in another, bikinis in a third. She organized her loot and assessed the piles as a little girl would her Halloween candy.
"Is his house nice?"
"It sounds awesome. He asked if I knew how to swim." Heather giggled.
"Why would he ask that?"
"He lives on the ocean."
"He wants you to visit so you can swim all day?"
"He said if I swam as well as I danced we could have a great time together. It was just a lot of silly innuendo."
"Sound's like the innuendo went back and forth."
"We were joking after you left us there. He was mostly watching the movie you put on."
"Were you joking or watching TV? Which is it?"
"We were watching the movie, and then he started up about Southampton. I can't remember all he said. We didn't talk all that much. I mean, we talked almost the whole time, but not about that."
John rolled two pairs of sweat socks into balls and put them in a side pocket of his suitcase. He put in the last of his shirts and his toilet kit. He began talking when he thought she was ready to say more.
"Southampton's lots of fun. He must love it there."
"He's there all summer. I guess he has these outrageous poker games. He couldn't stop talking about them."
"He hosts poker games...at his place?"
"It's on the ocean."
"You said that. He wants you to play poker with him?"
"No silly! He has friends for that. It was just funny cuz he was excited about these stupid games. I guess we talked about them a little. Not that much. Let's go eat."
They were done packing and while John sensed there was more to the story, he was content to drop it for now. Heather was being vague and he needed time to think. It wasn't lost on him that she was the one who'd brought up the conversation. He figured he'd hear more sooner or later.
He was hard all through lunch thinking about their curious conversation but talked about other things. After lunch they took a cab to the airport. They boarded the plane and sat quietly in their seats. John cracked the novel he'd been muddling through all week while Heather flipped the pages of a complimentary airline magazine spread on her lap. After a while she yelped excitedly and held up an article. There was a photograph of several men seated around a poker table. She bounced in her seat.
"Look, baby, an article on a Texas Hold 'Em poker tournament. Maybe I should read it and learn how to play."
John had been waiting for the conversation. He knew it was coming, but maybe not this quickly.
"You're very sexy when you're vague, you know that? I know there's more to your story. You say you want to do things to please me, so tell me the conversation. That would please me."
"Oh brother. I bet you wish you were on the couch instead of in the bathroom all that time."
"Why was he talking so much about his poker games? Why are you bringing it up now?"
"He was talking a mile a minute about everything."
"What about the poker games?"
"He has them during the summer."
"We've established that."
"He said how fun they are and what a nice bunch of guys he has over."
"Bunch of guys?"
"They're poker games, my love. I assume he has lots of guys over."
"You assume, or did he tell you."
"You're like a trial lawyer all of a sudden."
"I'm just going for the facts. Different words have different meanings. I'm sure you know that."
"He told me."
"He told you he has lots of guys over?"
"Baby, I can't remember every single detail. You are making this unpleasant. Just let me tell you what I remember. You get so picky." "I'm just looking for straight answers, my love. It's like talking to a wall sometimes."
"You're getting excited. I can see it in your pants."
"What about the poker games?"
"He was really animated. I remember that. Totally gaga over them. He was cute talking about it...them."
"How was he cute?"
"He was just happy to tell me about them. He went on and on and then all of a sudden he said, 'YOU should be our waitress!'"
John felt a stirring in his groin. He closed his book and put it in the magazine pouch behind the seat in front of him. He turned to Heather.
"He wanted you to waitress at his poker games with me not there?"
"It was a joke, baby. Nothing to get mad at."
"I'm not mad, as you can see."
Heather looked at the growing lump in his pants and said, "I wasn't offended. I was flattered."
John's cock continued to uncoil. "It wasn't a serious conversation you had about it?"
"No."
"But you had a conversation...about being his waitress?"
"He suggested I could serve drinks. I joked with him back, cuz it was so outrageous, don't you think?"
"Oh yes, it's outrageous. And erotic. Don't you think?"
"I pretended not to know what he was getting at and acted all innocent."
"How did you act innocent?"
"He was saying I could be the waitress and I replied in a dumb blonde voice...'Umm, I wouldn't know how. You'd have to teach me."
"He liked that?"
"It got him laughing."
"I'm sure it did. I bet waitressing would be the least of your responsibilities."
John said it before realizing he'd been the last in on the joke. Heather looked at him like it was a concept she was hearing for the first time.
"I wonder what he'd have you do other than serve drinks?"
"He wouldn't 'have me do' anything, baby. I do for you, not him."
John noticed an edge creeping in, like she was feeling cornered. He stretched his legs out under the seat ahead of him. He was fully hard now.
"He has buddies over for poker?"
"He got silly about it, about me being hostess or waitress or whatever. He said I'd be his "entertainment" but he was totally kidding. It was all in fun."
John swallowed hard. "No doubt they'd love you."
Heather gazed past him out the plane window. He couldn't tell if the look on her face was deer-in-headlights or sheer focus. He broke the silence.
"I thought he was married?"
Heather continued looking out the window. When she didn't respond, John asked the question again.
Heather came out of her trance. "His wife visits her sister in New Jersey most weekends, or something like that. The poker games are Saturday nights while she's gone. I guess they go all night."
"But you didn't talk about them much?"
Heather practiced her pout. "He talked about them. I wasn't paying much attention Are you jealous? I thought you liked me telling the truth about things."
"I'm not jealous. There's more to the story though, right?"
Heather saw the bulge in John's pants, now quite apparent. She reached over to an empty seat across the aisle, picked up a blanket, spread it over him and tucked her hand under it.
"There now. I can tell you more. You won't show."
"I've got this crazy fantasy in my mind. I'm thinking about what outfit you'd wear."
"He liked what I wore last night. He said I could wear the same thing. And he'd want me shaved all the way. That was the first thing he said when you went into the bathroom. He put his fingers in me and said he liked me shaved. He was very complimentary. You are super hard baby."
"He complimented your pussy?"
"I told him you had me clothed and shaved like that all week. It was easy to talk to him after the night we had. We were naked on the couch. The movie was on. His fingers were in me and we chatted."
"He wasn't kidding about the poker, was he? About wanting you there? I saw how you two got along. Tell the truth now."
"It doesn't matter. I'd never do it. You'd have to beg pretty hard for me to consider it."
Heather giggled, showing John she was kidding.
"I can see you serving drinks in your cute little miniskirt and thigh highs. You'd be perfect at it. I can see you being a good entertainer, too. Isn't that what he said? You'd be the entertainment?" John smoothed Heather's hair as she stroked him.
"Yeah, something like that." Heather's voice got thick and heavy as it trailed off.
"He wasn't talking about singing was he?"
"No."
"Did he get specific with you?"
"What do you mean?"
"Did he tell you what he'd want you to do for entertainment?"
"He was kidding around. A waitress serves drinks, an entertainer...entertains."
"I know. But did he say how?"
Just then a flight attendant walked down the isle handing out headsets. Heather stopped talking and rested her hand until she passed. Then she started fondling him again through his pants.
"Did he say how?" John asked again.
"How what?"
"Did he say what he'd want you to do as entertainment?"
"I suspect he'd want me to be naughty. Don't you?"
"I suspect you know better than I."
"Are you hungry? I don't think they serve lunch on this flight."
"I'm sure he'd want more than what you're doing to me now."
Heather continued caressing John's bulge under the blanket.
"Yes. I'm sure they would. We could get some peanuts if you want."
Heather unzipped John and pulled out his steel rod.
"You're as hard as my diamond ring, baby."
"He talked about you being with all of them...I mean...as a joke?"
"Do you want to hear about the special game he has in July?"
"You know about a special game?"
"Don't get mad and I'll tell you about it."
"I'm not mad. I'm hard as can be."
"He has old college friends in from all over. It's a yearly event."
"How many?"
"He invites his best friends. They stay over at his house the whole weekend."
"Yeah, and, how many?"
"It's the same guys each year."
"Did he tell you how many?"
"Just four friends. And him."
"Five guys total?"
"Yeah. No girls."
"Unless Heather entertains?"
"Ha, funny. I guess if there was a game to waitress, that would be the one, right?"
Heather giggled teasingly, but it was hard to suppress her excitement.
"Did he ask you to work that game?"
"Not for real. Maybe. I don't know. He said it would be the logical one."
"Did it excite you when he said that?"
"All three of us were excited last night, honey. You were so excited! I think there was just excitement in the air."
"He told you how he wanted you to dress?"
"He told me how he likes me dressed."
"Did he tell you what naughty things you'd be expected to do?"
"Yes...but...jokingly." Heather's voice was shaking again. She was getting very wet while stroking John.
"And?"
Heather paused and licked her lips. Her hand wrapped tighter around John's cock. She jerked him as she talked.
"He'd been looking at the TV. We both were. Oh, baby, you are so hard. I love it when you're this hard. You sure you want to hear this?"
"Go on..."
"I think you're going to come before I finish talking. That's my woman's intuition."
"Go on. He was looking at the TV and...?"
"I'll tell you. Stop interrupting. He was looking at the TV and then he started talking about the poker game. The annual one with his friends. He joked he wanted me as entertainment, dressed real slutty. And shaved. I told him what I'd wear for him and his friends."
"You offered up a wardrobe?"
"Well, yeah, just kidding him back."
"And what was it?"
"I was pouring it on. I said I'd wear pale pink thigh highs with satin bows in the back, silver sandals, silver jewelry, a short pale pink skirt, and a sleeveless lace pink camisole. And maybe my hair in braids, with pink ribbons."
"No doubt that would turn some heads."
Heather giggled, but didn't respond.
"What did you say when he said you'd be entertainment?"
"What do you mean?"
"The question's self-explanatory, isn't it?"
"Oh. Okay. I asked what would be expected of me."
"You asked him?"
"He told me."
"I know he told you, but did you ask before he told?"
Heather rolled her eyes and John's legs went straight out under the seat in front of him. His back was pushing against his seat. When he didn't hear a reply, he said, "What did he tell you?"
"Okay. I'll tell you. I was watching the porno. His fingers were in me. I was stroking him as he talked. He was really really hard, like you are."
"And what'd he say?"
He pointed to the screen and said there'd be a lot of 'that' expected."
"What was on the TV, baby?"
"A girl. On her knees. Sucking. There were two guys in front of her. Maybe more. They were taking turns with her."
"You must have been wet seeing that."
"Oh, God...you put that movie on for me. I was really wet."
"I put the movie on, but you were the one enjoying it, and hearing his talk, and feeling his fingers."
"Don't be mad. It's your fault for being in the stupid bathroom so long and leaving the TV on. At least now you'll believe me when I say we mostly talked and didn't do the mouth thing nearly as long. Not the whole time anyway, like you thought."
"You had that big talk with him about his poker games. He invited you to be entertainment at the annual party. You told him how you'd dress. He said you'd be with four guys and him. He pointed to the porno and said he'd want you to suck them all...and after all that, you sucked him?"
"Yes. You saw. It was a natural progression of things. Maybe it got out of hand. But, as I said, he wasn't taking no for an answer. So I put him in my mouth while he watched the movie and talked to me."
"Are you saying you didn't want to suck him?"
"No. I wanted to. I knew you'd get excited walking in on us. And you were. You came on me. Remember?"
"Never mind my excitement for a minute. What about yours?"
"You know how I've been this week. You've made me crazy. You put the movie on. There's probably not a person alive who could watch that video and not be a little excited."
"Enough about the movie already. You were excited during the talk, right? It appealed to you?"
"Mostly I was wondering when you were coming back from the bathroom. You took forever. The movie was making him horny too, not just me."
"He insinuated you'd service them all. That's what you're telling me, right?"
"Yes, but I'd serve them beers and do nothing else if that's what you wanted. It would be completely up to you. I love stroking you when you're this hard, baby."
"I'm glad it's up to me. But what do you want?"
"I want to please you. That's what excites me. I think you're going to come soon. You're thinking of sending me there, aren't you?"
"Yes."
"Let me tell you one last thing, so it's all in the open, and then you can come in my hand and watch me lick it clean. When you walked out of the bathroom and saw me sucking him...he said it was my job interview for poker night. I knew he wasn't kidding by then, about wanting me there. He'd been talking about it with his fingers in me for a long time, and pinching my nipples, trying to get me to say I would do it. It was exciting knowing he was serious. Not that I'd do it. But I liked pretending. When I sucked him, I pretended that if I did good I'd be chosen to go to the poker game, and then I'd get to suck all five of them. So I did my new trick again and he liked that. The best part was thinking of coming home later, after the poker game, and sitting on your lap and telling you everything they did to me. That's the part I would like, seeing you all hard after. That's what made me come while sucking him."
Heather stroked John's cock through her hand, feeling it throb. He felt the adrenalin surge and his hands clutched the armrests as his back pushed hard against the seat. He came quickly into the blanket and onto Heather's hand. When his legs stopped shaking she wiped his cock on the underside of the blanket and then took her hand from under it and licked her fingers as he watched, just as she said she would.
John's arousal remained strong as she cleaned the mess. When she finished, she left his pants unzipped under the blanket and he wrapped his arm around her. They sat motionless and quiet for several minutes until Heather broke the silence.
"You know...I was kidding about the poker game. I was teasing you, trying to get you excited."
"It sounded real."
"Your orgasm was real, that's for sure."
"What else was real?"
"He has a house in Southampton. That's true. He spends the summers there. And, yes, he mentioned something about poker, and some friends. But he didn't ask me to work the game."
John didn't know what to believe. He was as confused as ever about what motivated Heather sexually. He realized he'd have to play it her way to get what he wanted.
"What if I told you I wanted you to work the game?"
Heather let the thought linger in the air. She snuggled tighter into John's shoulder and curled her body into his. She looked out the window as the plane flew above the cloud line, hurling toward the future, leaving St. John as a memory. She dropped her hand to his lap and noticed he was still hard while thinking of the four high school boys she never had. The sentences, statements and conversation she'd planned had gone as expected.
Finally, just above a whisper, she said shakily, "You'd have to beg pretty hard if you wanted me to do that, my love."