The following morning Liz had awoken Matt with a blow job, which surprised him as she wasn't usually a morning person. She then promptly left for work, leaving him lying on the bed with barely a word spoken.
Matt spent the whole day thinking about the events of the night before. He couldn't wait to get home from work and fuck his wife.God, I hope she hasn't changed her mind.He thought, hoping thatnow she'd had more time to think about things she hadn't changed her mind about going through with some of his fantasies.The morning blow job suggested that she hadn't, but you never know
Lucky, they were both on early shifts, and at 2PM he rushed out the door practically running to his car.
He arrived home to find Liz's car already parked on the driveway; this was unusual as he usually got home before her.She must have left work in a hurry as well,he thought, his cock starting to harden just from the thought of fucking his sexy wife again as he walked towards the front door.Christ, I'm so fucking horny,he opened the front door, hearing soft music coming from the kitchen.
As he entered the kitchen, Matt stopped dead in the doorway, taking in the exquisite sight before him.
Liz was sitting on the edge of the kitchen table wearing only a pair of white hold up stockings which contrasted beautifully with the bronze skin of her long legs. When he took a step towards her, he stopped again when she lifted her right leg onto the chair beside her, revealing her freshly shaved pussy.
After looking at her inviting pose, he began walking towards her, the excitement of finding his wife waiting for him naked, giving him butterflies in his stomach. As he approached, Liz slowly ran her hand down the inside of her thigh and over her swollen pussy lips.
"I've been waiting all day for someone to fuck me," Liz told him bluntly, pulling a finger up through her pussy lips, moistening it with her already flowing juices. Then, to Matts astonishment, she brought her hand up to her open mouth, sucking the juices from her finger.
Matt stood still watching as she mimicked giving a blow job using her fingers.
"It's a good job you got here first. The Gasman's due any minute to service the boiler. I'm so fucking horny I might have let him service me first."
Matt felt his now fully erect cock twitch as she said this. He couldn't believe his ears. He'd convinced himself she'd just gotten carried away with his fantasy in the heat of the moment last night. Yet here she was telling him that she'd been thinking about fucking the Gasman if he'd gotten there before him. Liz had remarked on what a hunk she thought he was the last time he visited the house just after they'd moved in a year ago. Back then, he thought she was just trying to make him jealous. But now he wondered whether she would actually fuck him.
"God, I'd love to see that," Matt said after the initial shock of her words.
"Well if you don't fuck me right now that's precisely what you're going to see," Liz said smiling as she lay back onto the table, positioning herself so her ass was right on the edge. She then lifted her legs, pulling her knees back towards her shoulders.
Matt stared at her smooth pussy and exposed asshole as he quickly began unbuckling his belt. He could already see her pussy juices shining on her open pussy lips.
Fucking hell, she fucking desperate for it.Matt thought as he pulled down the front of his shorts, releasing his hard cock.
"You look so fucking hot," Matt told her, "I'm going to fuck you hard," Moving forward he positioned the tip of his cock at the entrance of her wet pussy. He was so desperate to fuck her he didn't even bother lowering his trousers before pushing forward, ramming his rock-hard cock into her very warm and very wet pussy.
"Christ, you're so fucking wet," Matt told her as he began sliding his cock in and out of her soaking wet pussy.
"I know. I've been waiting for a good fucking all day. I can't stop thinking about last night," Liz said, wrapping her legs around Matt's waist, pulling him deeper inside her. "I've been horny all day, thinking about you watching me fuck someone else."
"Are we really going to do it?" Matt asked, taking hold of her hips, thrusting his cock into her warm wet cunt as hard as he could.
"I think so, yeah. We need to talk about it some more, but yes it's definitely something we should try." Liz pushed herself forward, drawing him deeper into her pussy. "But right now, I just need to feel your cock inside me," Matt thrust forward as she continued, "Aahh, God, that feels good. That's it, fuck me hard, make me cum before I explode."
Matt looked down, watching his cock sliding in and out of his wife's wet cunt. He'd always been fascinated by the way her pussy lips wrapped around his shaft, cling to his cock as he fucked her as if trying to trap him inside her. He began building up speed, ramming his cock hard into Liz's pussy, fucking her harder, causing her to moan loudly, sweat starting to drip from his forehead.
Knock, knock.
"Ah shit, that's the fucking door, it must be the Gasman," Matt said as he pulled his cock from Liz's dripping pussy.
"Don't stop now... Oh for fuck's sake," Liz moaned, sinking back onto the table a look of disappointment written all over her face.
"We'll finish once he's gone, if we don't answer the door, he'll leave. The boiler needs servicing, or it might stop working," Matt told her as he began zipping his trousers back up.
"I know the feeling, I need a fucking good servicing as well," Liz said only half-joking. Sitting up, she grabbed her kimono-style dressing gown from the back of the chair where she'd placed it earlier, loosely tying it around her torso with the silk belt across the front.
Matt looked down, the shape of his hard cock was still visible through his trousers.
"Christ, you can see my hard-on! You'll have to have to answer the door; I can't go like this!" Matt began heading down the hallway towards the stairs, leaving Liz standing in the kitchen with her mouth agape.
"What? Are you fucking kidding me? I can't answer the door like this!" she said in a high-pitched voice, gesticulating over her scantily clad body. She was a little surprise that Matt was willing to let her answer the door dressed only in her kimono and hold-ups.
As he approached the bottom of the stairs, Matt turned, a smile spread across his face as he studied her. The silk kimono that he'd given her as a Christmas present the year before looked stunning on her. The hem just about reached the top of her hold-ups as long as she stood still. But, when she began to walk towards him, a small amount of flesh at the top of her thighs between the hold-ups and the hem of the kimono became exposed with each step. Not having a bra on her tits bounced nicely beneath the thin silk material, which did little to hide the shape of her full breasts. Her hard-brown nipples were just visible beneath the white silk, adding to the eroticism of the look. Held together with only the silk tie, the kimono just about concealed her smoothly shaven pussy as she walked towards the door.
"Think of it as the first step of our new adventure," Matt told her as he climbed the stairs looking over his shoulder, "You'll make his day when he sees you dressed like that."
Liz paused at the door looking down the front of her body, shocked by just how little the kimono covered. It had been designed for the bedroom, not everyday wear and most definitely not meant to be worn when opening the door to strangers. Even when tied, it failed to close fully down the entire length of her body, leaving a sizeable V-shaped portion of her torso uncovered. Her cleavage and part of her breasts would be on show as soon as she opened the door! As she stepped forward towards the door, Liz also noticed that the kimono scarcely covered her crotch when she walked, as it only extended to just a few millimetres below her wet pussy. In fact, it was so short if she were to sit down, her ass and pussy would be completely exposed.
Matt paused at the top of the stairs, waiting for Liz to answer the door. He smiled, nodding his head towards the door, prompting her to answer it. His heart racing as he watched her reach out towards the handle. Finally, one of his greatest fantasies was about to come true. Seeing his wife dressed sexily in front of a stranger. He'd often thought of scenarios where he could expose her to other people. Up until yesterday, he wouldn't have had the courage to tell her about his fantasies, let alone dream that she would go along with any of them.
Liz placed her trembling hand on the door handle, with a mixture of trepidation and excitement.Jesus, I can't believe I about to do this,she thought as she took a deep breath to steady her nerves then slowly turned the door handle.
Pulling the door open just a few inches, keeping most of her body hidden behind the door, Liz peeked around the door. A wide smile spread across her face as she took in the sight of the tall, muscular, and deeply tanned man standing in front of her.
"Hi, I'm Craig I've come to service your boiler..." His words trailed off as Liz opened the door fully, stepping from behind it smiling up at the handsome stranger that stood on her doorstep. Now that she had seen him, her confidence began to rise, along with the heat in her loins. Pulling her shoulders back, emphasising the shape of her breasts, Liz pointed down the hallway causing the thin material of the kimono to press tightly against her hard nipples, "Come in, the boilers through there in the kitchen." Liz said, stepping back to allow him in.
I wouldn't mind him coming in me. He can give a service anytime he likes!Liz thought as Craig stepped into the hall, passing close by her, trying not to make it too obvious he was staring at her tits. With tingles of excitement running down her spine, Liz looked up the stairs, seeing Matt half hidden from view watching, obviously enjoying the show.
Matt watched as Craig passed close by his semi-naked wife. From his high vantage point, he could see him run his eyes over her body, taking in the shape of her 36C breasts and hard nipples. Then lowering his eyes down her body, his eyes widening when seeing just short the kimono was. His eyes lingered on her crotch for a second before moving back up to her face. Matt noticed that Liz looked flushed. Was she embarrassed or excited? Maybe both.
When Liz turned to shut the door behind the Craig, Matt watched him turn around, puckering his lips as if blowing out a kiss when looking at her from behind. And who could blame him, as she stretched her arm out to close the door behind him, her kimono had risen until only it was just covering her ass cheeks, revealing the tanned flesh at the tops of her thighs,
Liz waited by the door for Craig to walk through to the kitchen, then looked up at Matt smiling as she silently mouthed the words, "He's fucking gorgeous," licking her lips as she followed him into the kitchen.
Matt went into the bedroom to change out of his work clothes. The sight of his wife standing semi-naked in front of a total stranger had turned him on beyond all expectation, the reality of it was so much better than he could have imagined. Would his fantasy come true today? Despite his desire to watch his wife fuck other men, he wasn't sure he wanted it to happen today. They needed to talk about it some more, lay down some ground rules.But there's nothing wrong with a little showing off and teasing,he thought as he pulled on a pair of loose jogging pants and a long T-shirt hoping to hide the shape of his still hard cock. After waiting a few minutes, he went downstairs. As he approached the kitchen, he heard his wife asking Craig if he'd like a cup of coffee.
"I'll have one please," Matt said as he walked into the kitchen. Liz was standing with her back to Craig, making three cups of coffee.
Craig was squatting down by his toolbox, looking up her kimono at her ass cheeks. From his low angle, Matt knew that if she parted her thighs, he would be able to see her silky-smooth pussy.
When he heard Matt, Craig jumped up from his low position, his face reddening, a look of horror on his face, "Err, Sorry, didn't see you come in."
"What for?" Matt said, looking at his wife's shapely ass smiling. Liz passed Matt a cup of coffee, turning he held out the cup to Craig, reassuring him that he didn't mind him looking at his wife's ass with a knowing smile.
Craig took the offered cup relaxing a little but still looking unsure of himself.
Seeing that he still looked a little worried, Matt held his hand out, saying "Hi, I'm Matt, I guess you've already met the wife," Craig nervously shook Matt's offered hand.
"So, what do you think?" Matt asked.
Craig's eye's turned to Liz then back to Matt, the look on his face a picture of confusion and embarrassment until Matt continued, "The boiler is it fucked?"
"Oh, no, it's fine. It shouldn't take long, just needs an annual service, that's all." The look of relief on Craig's face made both Liz and Matt laugh.
"Take your time, enjoy the coffee," Matt said, raising his eyebrow as he watched Liz walk over to the table, pulling a chair out, then sitting at a slight angle to them she rested her elbow on the tabletop. Matt noticed that the kimono had loosened a little more.
Was that deliberate or had it loosened by itself?
With her elbow on the tabletop, the kimono had opened a little wider down the front. Matt watched Craig as he appraised his wife once again, his eyes widen as he looked her up and down.
Following his gaze, Matt took a sharp intake of breath. Not only could he see most of her right tit along with a very hard nibble, but as she'd sat down the kimono had risen over her ass, exposing most of her ass cheek. Best of all, as she'd crossed her right leg over the left, the kimono had parted over her crotch, revealing her freshly shaved pussy mound.
Christ, I can't believe she's doing that!Matt thought, his cock twitching as Liz smiled mischievously at him.
"Do you like it?" Liz asked.
Craig almost spat his coffee out.
"The coffee is it ok?" Liz continued laughing at how uncomfortable Craig looked.
"Yeah, it's really nice," Craig replied, regaining his composure. The double meaning of her question and Craig's reply wasn't lost on any of them.
"I'm glad you like it," Liz said, lowering her gaze towards his crotch.
Matt followed her line of sight, seeing a bulge beginning to appear in Craig's trousers. Liz was obviously having the same effect on his cock as she was on his own.
Craig occupied himself with the boiler for the next few minutes, looking over his shoulder every now and then, trying not to make it too obvious he was checking out Liz. Matt quietly leaned back against the kitchen counter, watching his wife display herself to a complete stranger, loving every second of it.
This is so fucking horny,Matt thought as he readjusted his hard cock, trying to conceal it beneath his T-shirt. He looked over to Liz, who smiled at him as she uncrossed her legs, leaving her knees a few inches apart, then pulling on the tie that held her kimono closed, further loosening it until a strip of her smooth skin was visible down the entire length of her torso.
Christ is she going to take it off.Matt felt his cock twitching as he watched this beautiful sexy woman that was his wife shamelessly displaying herself to the Gasman. He couldn't quite see up between her legs due to his angle from her, but knew the second Craig turned around, he would be able to see all the way up between her soft thighs to her smoothly shaven pussy.
Liz looked over to Matt, noticing that he was no longer trying to hide the tent in his sweat pants.God, I need a cock inside me. I wonder how big Craig is? Would he want to fuck me?Liz licked her lips as she looked over to Craig, then back to Matt winking at him.He's fucking loving this, the fucking perv.
Liz looked at the shape and size of Craig's hard cock hidden benight his trousers, feeling the growing dampness between her legs.
Noticing that Craig had now finished servicing the boiler, Liz moved her chair until she was facing Craig straight on, leaving her knees to farther apart.
"All done, everything's..." Craig stopped mid-sentence as he took in the scene before him. Already at half mask, his cock quickly stood to attention as he took in the sight of the gorgeous woman sat in front of him. As she'd turned, her kimono had fallen open, fully exposing one of her ample breasts along with her silky-smooth pussy.
After what seemed like an eternity to Matt, but was in fact only a few seconds while Craig stood frozen seemingly unable to avert his eyes from Liz's sexy body, Liz jumped to her feet cup in hand, walking towards Craig who stood as still as a statue as she approached. Both Matt and Craig watched her tits bouncing high on her chest as she confidently crossed the room.
Matt's mouth fell open when seeing what Liz did next!
Standing almost directly in front of Craig, she leaned into him, reaching around his body for the empty cup he'd left on the countertop. Unable to quite reach the cup. she moved closer, parting her thighs by placing her feet on either side of Craig's right foot, she leaned against him, reached around him once again. With thighs had parted, she pressed her crotch into his leg while at the same time her bare tits rubbed against his muscular biceps.
Matt looked at Craig, wondering if they had gone too far. But when he saw the expression on his face, he relaxed. Craig was clearly enjoying the feel of Liz's body pressing against his own. as much as much as Matt was watching it.
As she pressed her body tighter against Craig's, Liz made sure to rub her crotch into his leg, stimulating her clit, causing her to open her mouth as a low moan escaped her lips. After lingering longer than necessary Liz finally picked up the cup. Then, straightened up but keeping her crotch pressed tightly into Craig's thigh, while she looked him directly in the eyes smiling as she pushed her pelvis into his hard cock.
Christ, we only talked about this last night, and she's already acting like a slut. It's fucking brilliant!Matt thought when Liz eventually turned towards him, her kimono had now opened fully. She was no longer making any attempt to hiding her sexy body. Matt looked at Craig, who seemed too stunned to move his hard-on creating a tent in his trousers. You couldn't miss it; it was fucking huge!
Smiling, Liz walked over to the sink swaying her ass sexily from side to side, deliberately teasing both men. Turning her back to them, she turned the tap on, rinsing the cups as she quietly hummed a tune as if this was all perfectly normal.
Keeping his eyes glued to Liz's ass, Craig cleared his throat, saying, "I better go, I've got another job to get to."
Hearing this, Liz turned from the sink still holding the dishcloth with a look of disappointment. Then to the astonishment of both men, she pulled the kimono from her shoulders, letting it drop it to the floor. Matt's heart nearly stopped, his wife was now standing in front of another man wearing only her hold-ups, posing with her legs parted and her hands on her hips, shoulders pulled back, thrusting her tits out for them to inspect.
Matt watched Craig; his eyes wide with shock as he took in the sight of Liz. Her tits stood high on her chest, her nipples rock hard, her flat stomach leading the eye down to her freshly shaved pussy mound. She looked like a Greek goddess, clearly enjoying the looks of desire, and longing she was getting from both men.
"Ok, I'll see you out," Liz said before Matt had the chance to say anything.
Both men watched her as she walked down the hallway, suggestively swaying her ass while looking over her shoulder.
Matt's heart thumped in his chest,Oh my god, she's naked in front of the Gasman! This is so fucking horny.
As he passed Matt, Craig whispered to him, "You're a very lucky man."
"I know," Matt replied loud enough for Liz to hear.
Liz half-turned, "What do you know?"
Matt looked at his wife, "That I'm a lucky man," he said, noticing how excited Liz looked to be naked in front of another man. His desire to see her fuck someone else growing as he watched her turn back towards the door with a huge grin.
Craig swiftly caught up with Liz standing close behind her. Standing by the door looking back over her shoulder, her flat stomach and pert tits were highlighted by the sunshine pouring in through the window.
She placed her hand on the door handle, then, deliberately as far as Matt could tell, dropped the dishcloth onto the floor.
"Oops," Liz Said comically as she bent at the waist pushing her ass back into Craig's crotch.
Matt watched as Craig stepped back looking at her ass and pussy. Seeing his wife bent over at the waist, naked apart from the hold-ups, flashing a stranger was easily the sexiest thing he'd ever seen in his life. Even from fifteen feet away, he could see her puffy pussy lips poking out from between her thighs, her juices shining as the light fell on them. As he watched, she moved her legs apart, fully exposing her wet pussy and tight little ass hole to Craig.
Then to Matt's complete amazement, she moved back pushing her ass into Craig's crouch, causing him to lose his balance. Craig instinctively held onto her hips to steady himself. For just a second it looked to Matt as if he was fucking Liz from behind as he held on to her, pulling her towards him, pressing his crotch tightly against her pussy. Then all too quickly, the moment was over as Liz stood back up smiling over her shoulder seductively as she opened the door for him.
Stepping behind the door, out of sight of any of the nosy neighbours, Liz said, "Thank you, I hope you comeagain soon. I might have some more plumping that needs attending to."
Jesus fucking Christ, she's so fucking hot. She's practically telling him that she wants to fuck him! I can't wait to watch her fuck someone else,Matt thought as he pulled his top over his head, then dropped his sweatpants releasing his rock-hard cock, not caring if Craig could see his erection.
When Liz began shutting the door, Matt heard Craig saying, "Thank you."
As soon as the door clicked closed, Liz skipped happily along the hallway, tits bouncing, throwing her arms around Matt's neck. "That was so fucking hot. Did you see how big his cock was? I could feel it pressing into my pussy! Jesus I'd love to feel that big cock inside me," Without waiting for a reply, Liz dropped to her knees taking Matt's cock into her mouth, sliding her lips all the way down his thick shaft, swallowing him whole, while looking up at him innocently with puppy dog eyes.
"You looked so fucking horny showing off to the Gasman. Did it turn you on? You really wanted to fuck him, didn't you?"
Liz pulled her mouth from his cock. "It certainly turned you on, you perv. I felt like such a slut. This idea of yours is fantastic. When I felt his cock pressing against my pussy, I wanted him inside me, I wanted him to fuck me right there in the hallway while you watched. Would you have liked to watch him fuck me?"
Matt smiled down at her, as he watched her lips sliding along his shaft, envisioning Craig's cock pounding her wet cunt while she sucked his cock. "Fuck me, yes, I bet you'd have loved it. Being a slut wife for me to watch. Would you like that? Fucking someone else while I watch? God, just the thought of it makes me want to cum." Matt said, getting carried away with his thoughts.
Liz stood up, "Not until you've fucked me first you don't," taking hold of his cock, she led him over to the kitchen table, laying back onto the surface, she pulled her legs up, opening herself fully to him.
"I'm going to do it. I'm going to fuck someone else and then make you clean up the mess before I let you fuck afterwards." Liz told him as she pulled her pussy lips wide apart, desperate to have any cock inside her.
Matt lined his cock up with the entrance of her wet cunt, then with one powerful thrust drove his cock deep into the warm hole.Christ, she's wet.Pulling out slowly, he watched her pussy lips cling to his shaft, her juices covering his cock.
"I can't wait to see another man's cock stretching you pussy like this. Will you do it? Will you really do it?" Matt asked, slamming his cock back into her, their bodies coming together with a loud smacking sound.
"Fuck me yes, I'm going to fuck loads of men for you. That's what you want, isn't it? You want to turn me into your slut wife... Aaaaaah, that's it, fuck me. Fuck me hard. Fuck me like the slut I am."
As he began fucking her, Matt reached under her legs, hooking her knees into the crook of his elbows, lifting her ass off the table, bringing her pussy into line with his hard cock as he stood up, impaling her with his cock.
Liz lay back onto the table as he fucked her wet cunt, her tits bouncing in time with his thrusting cock moaning loudly with each thrust. This wasn't making love. This was pure animalistic sex. It was fucking brilliant!
"I want to see you fuck loads of other men. Would you like that? Fucking a room full of strangers one after the other, a gangbang." Matt watched his cock sliding easily between Liz's swollen pussy lips as she raised her arms over her head, fully submitting to her husband as he fucked her as hard as he was able.
"God, you're so fucking wet. I'm going to watch them fuck your warm wet cunt. Watch their cocks sliding between your wet pussy lips. Filling you up with their cum. Aaaah, fuck that's such a turn on." Matt told her visualising his young wife turning into a slut wife.
"Aaaaaah," Liz moaned loudly, the feeling of Matt's cock slamming into her wet cunt driving her towards an orgasm. "I can't wait to fuck someone else for you. I'm going to do it. I'm going to make you watch them use me, filling my slutty cunt with their cum. And then I'm going to make you clean me up."
Jesus,just yesterday morning he had thought she'd go app shit if she found out about his fantasy of seeing her fucking other people. Now she was telling him that she wanted to be a slut wife. That she seemed to even more excited by the prospect of fucking other people than he was!
Matt watched his cock sliding in and out of her warm pussy.God, I can't wait to see another man do this.The thought of her fucking other men sending him over the edge. "I'm going to cum."
When she felt his cock begin to twitch inside her, Liz used her heels to pull him deep inside her pussy as the first spurt of cum shot from his cock hitting her cervix. "Fill me up, fill my slut cunt with your cum," Liz ordered Matt forcefully.
"Ahh, Fuuuuuck, Aaaah," Matt's whole body tensed up as he came hard. His hips jerked forward as each shot of spunk left his cock, forcing his cock even deeper into her dripping sodden cunt.
Liz moved her hips in time with his jerking cock, milking every last drop of cum from him as he came. She could feel the warmth of his cum spurting from his cock, filling her pussy with his seed.
Once he'd finished cumming, Liz looked up at Matt expectantly, saying. "Now clean me up. Clean your wife's dirty, slutty cunt with your tongue."
Matt looked down as he slowly pulled his cock from her pussy, a small trickle of cum oozing from her open pussy lips, running down between her ass cheeks. Staring at her cum filled pussy, Matt bent his knees, lowering her ass back onto the tabletop, then knelt down, bringing his face to the exact same height as her cum filled cunt.
"God your cunt looks so good with my cum seeping out of it."
Liz lifted her head from the tabletop, looking down between her spread thighs, seeing Matt examining her pussy. "Imagine if that was the Gasman's cum. Would you like that? Would you like to see his cum trickling out of my used slut wife cunt?"
"Fucking hell yes," Matt whispered, imagining it was another man's cum leaking from his wife's used pussy.God, what a sight that would be.
"The Gasman has just finished fucking me. He used me like a whore, now do your job and clean me up!" Liz ordered, really getting into the role of the dominant slut wife.
Matt was a little shocked by the forcefulness in her voice. It was almost as if she were trying to belittle him, which unexpectedly turned him on. The idea of submitting to a domineering slut wife excited him. He wanted her to take charge. To turn him into her cuckold husband.
"I love it when you order me around. I'll do anything you ask me to do. You can fuck anyone you want as long as I'm watching, and I'll clean up every time." Matt said, looking directly at Liz's cum filled cunt. Her pussy lips were still wide open, a pool of his cum pooled inside. He watched as another stream of cum seeped out, running down onto her asshole.
The sight of his spunk around her asshole stirred something deep inside him.Christ, I'd clean her ass and pussy after she's been fucked in both holes.
Matt was surprised by this realisation. He hadn't thought about another man fucking her up the ass until this moment! Now he wanted it. Would she give herself over completely and let two men DP her, fucking her cunt and ass at the same time?God, I'd fucking hope so!
On that enticing thought, Matt leaned forward, extending his tongue, tasting his cum for the second time in as many days. Pushing his face into her crouch, he ran his tongue up from the smooth skin just below her pussy all the way up between pussy lips until he reached her pussy mound. He could feel the cool moistness of his cum and her pussy juices on his face as he pulled away, looking at Liz with a satisfied grin on his face.
"Oooooh, that felt so good, so nasty. Eat my pussy, clean that cum from my slutty cunt while imagining it's Craig's cum filling me up after he's finished fucking me hard while you watched." Liz ordered him, lifting her knees higher towards her chest, opening herself fully for him.
In response, Matt pushed his tongue as deep into her pussy as he could, wriggling it around, taking pleasure in the salty taste of his own cum. Scooping out some of his cum he hungrily swallowed it, imagining that it was the Gasman's, that he was cleaning another man's cum from his wife's used, sloppy cunt.
"Aahh, that's it, push your tongue into my cum filled cunt. I love it...Aaaaah, it's so fucking dirty." Liz commanded, moving her hips in time with his proving tongue. "Clean my dirty slut cunt."
Liz's moaning grew even loader when he ran his tongue down between her ass cheeks, licking the cum from around her asshole. Then for the first time, flicked his tongue across her asshole. Of all the games and experimenting in the bedroom they had done; this was their first experience of rimming.
As he began flicking his tongue over her asshole, Matt wondered why they hadn't tried this before. After all, they'd had anal sex many times. Liz had ever pushed her finger up his ass while they were fucking on a few occasions, so why not ass licking?
Was it because it was supposed to be taboo?
But then, so was wanting his wife to fuck other men while he watched! Wasn't it?
Matt looked up over Liz's torso as he pushed his tongue against her asshole. Watching as she arched her back moaning loudly while the tip of his tongue pressed into her tight asshole.
"Mmmmm, that feels good," Liz moaned gyrating her hips as he ate her ass.
"You like that?" Matt asked a little surprised.
"Yeah, it's really kinky. I love it."
Matt pushed his tongue harder against her asshole feeling the tip slip into her ass.
While he continued eating her ass, Liz rocked her hips, using her hands to pull her ass cheeks apart, making it easier for him to push his tongue inside her, loving how having her ass eaten made her feel powerful, domineering.
Matt closed his eyes, imagining that she was sucking another man's cock while he licked her ass.God, I hope I get to see that one day.Sensing her hand move, he opened his eyes to find Liz rubbing her fingers over her clit. He continued flicking his tongue over and around her asshole, making sure that he cleaned every drop of cum that had escaped her open cunt.I love it when she plays with herself in front of me. Will she do it in front of other men while they watch as well?Matt thought as she rammed two fingers into her drenched pussy, arching her back off the table. He'd watched her playing with herself before, but never this close up. Never just millimetres from his eyes.
Liz rapidly pushed her fingers in and out of her soaking wet pussy, accompanied by squelching sounds as she finger fucking her wet cunt, causing her juices to flow down between her ass cheeks while Matt eagerly lapped them up.
Matt moved, licking Liz's fingers while she fingered herself.
"Oh god, I'm going to cum." Liz screamed out. Removing her fingers from her pussy, she grabbed the back of Matt's head, pulling his mouth forcefully into her pussy.
Matt pressed his tongue against her swollen clit moving his head rapidly from side to side, while at the same flicking his tongue up and down over her sensitive bud, driving her into a frenzy.
"Aaaaaah fuck, I'm cummmming," Liz screamed, her juices flowing from her pussy into Matt's mouth as she came on his face.
"God, I love the taste of her pussy," he mumbled barely audibly into her wet cunt.
Liz's whole body tingled as if small electric shocks were running throughout her body. She couldn't help thinking about the feeling of Craig's cock pressing into her pussy as she came.God, he was so big.Her stomach muscles began convulsing as her orgasm completely overtook her body.
Matt eagerly drank down her juices as they gushed out of her pussy, pushing his mouth tightly over her pussy lips, letting her juices to flow directly his mouth, some escaping and running down his chin, as she climaxed on his face. His face was so wet he wondered whether she had lost control during her orgasm and pissed herself.
Matt felt his cock begin to harden again. Was he really getting turned on by the thought that his wife may have pissed on his face? The idea definitely intrigued him.Maybe I'll put that idea to her another day,he thought.
Once she had finished cumming, Liz slumped onto the table, breathing heavily, her hips still moving as she gradually calmed down.
Matt sat back onto his heels, looking at her soaking wet pussy, waiting for her to catch her breath.
"You really liked showing off, didn't you? I can't believe you bent over like that in front of Craig. He could see absolutely everything!" Matt told Liz.
"Really?"
"Yeah, everything. Your asshole as well as your wet pussy. Everything, it was fucking amazing."
"Well, you didn't seem to mind. Your sweat pants did nothing to hide how much you were enjoying it. Your cock was hard as nails all the time I was flashing him." Liz said, sitting up, placing her hands underneath her knees, gently swinging her legs innocently.
"I felt like such a slut." Liz paused before continuing "It was such a fucking turn on. Do you still want to watch me fuck other men? It's a big step from just showing off," Liz asked hoping he hadn't changed his mind.
Matt stood, his hardening cock pointing towards her. "I can't wait for you to be my dirty slut wife," Matt told her as took her hand, leading her up to the bedroom to continue.