I see you seeing me.
My summer before going off to college had certainly been eventful. Aside from the normal activities of what you might expect from a teenage girl coming into her own, going on a few dates, letting a few boys feel me up, giving a few blowjobs and even allowing a couple of them to have awkward teenage sex, I had also crossed over into a new realm. I had participated in my first threesome, even though I did not have intercourse, with Mark and Corey. I had experienced my first sex with a black guy on my incredible night with Ricky. I had an unbelievable lesbian experience with Corey, and I topped off my summer with what was still to this day, some thirty years later, one of the biggest black cocks I have ever seen with Maurice and Gail. But now, a chapter was beginning in my life - I was off to college and a new found freedom.
You might be expecting that my early college days were filled with dorm room parties, frat house gang bangs, and the usual slutiness that goes along with a young girl getting her first taste of freedom, and while I did have my share of good times in college, for the most part, that simply wasn't the case. Mainly because of my financial situation. My mom and stepdad didn't have the means to pay for college, so I had to cut corners every chance I had. That included enrolling in the Junior College and moving in with my grandmother, who lived just half a block from the campus.
Now before you go to thinking, "Okay, living with your grandmother takes all the fun out of college", I should explain my grandmother to you. Her and my granddad had been divorced since before I was born. She was single from about the age of 40 until she died. She was also a very successful seamstress with a shop in the garage behind her two story house. She was famous for making handmade western shirts, and both men's and women's suits. When she was young, she even made many of the shirts seen in western movies and had many photos of old western actors wearing her shirts.
Not only was my grandmother a successful business woman, which was rare in those days, she was also pretty open and free spirited. She went out dancing when she wasn't traveling to see one of her sisters or kids, so even though I lived with her, I did have a good bit of free time when I was home alone. She also had a few "boyfriends" she dated regularly, and on those nights, she would often stay overnight at their house, but she would never let any of them get too serious. She had no plans whatsoever of remarrying.
Like me, she was also tiny. Barely 5' tall and maybe 100 pounds, she did keep herself very fit. She was a member of women's spa that had fitness classes of various types. She always laughed a lot and never took life too serious.
My schedule was pretty full. Within a month of arriving at college, I had managed to find 3 sources of income. I got a part time job working three or four nights a week as a night clerk at a hotel by the airport, since I was working towards a degree in accounting, I got a job keeping the books for a small electrical contractor and I still would get an occasional babysitting job. All of that on top of going to college, so I really didn't have a lot of free time to be the wild, college girl you might expect.
I should also tell about my grandmother's house. She had a really nice two story house, that was really decorated nice inside. Grandmother was a garage sale fanatic and would usually go on Friday and Saturday mornings to garage sales finding all sort of treasures to decorate with. Down stairs were the living room, kitchen, dining room and her bedroom. There were two bedrooms upstairs and each had a separate bathroom, but the bathroom on the left was just a sink and toilet, so I took the bedroom on the right. That bathroom, although not attached to the bedroom, had a bath/shower combo.
My family had been going to visit my grandmother pretty regularly all of my life, so I was somewhat familiar with things already and knew something about the neighborhood. Next door to grandmother's house, on the side where my bedroom was, was another two story where a 40-something divorced man named Jerry lived. Jerry was some sort of scientist who worked at a research facility. He had two sons I knew from when we would visit. One was about two years younger than me and the other about five years younger, but when Jerry and his wife divorced, she moved out of state and took the boys with her.
Jerry was kind of odd. I guess he must have been really smart to have the job that he had. He was about 5'10 or so and a bit pudgy, maybe 200 pounds, wore dark frame glasses and had a flattop haircut. Not exactly a hottie, but he was a nice enough guy. He was a pretty much a loner, but he my grandmother had been neighbors for several years and had developed a friendly relationship. He always seemed to be keeping an eye on the house and would sometimes offer to come over and fix things or help my grandmother move a piece of furniture.
One of Jerry's spare bedrooms had a window that directly across from my side bedroom window. There was only about ten feet between the two houses. When they divorced, I guess his wife took most of the furniture, including the kid's bedroom furniture and curtains. The night I moved in, there was an upstairs light on next door and the light shining into that bedroom showed me the room was completely empty. I felt kind of sad for Jerry when I saw that. His entire world had moved away and left him there in that big empty house, all alone. Even for an odd duck like Jerry, that was no way to live and I felt really bad for him.
After a couple of weeks and had gotten settled in, I began to form a routine. Two nights a week I had evening classes and would walk to school. I would walk home and get there just after 9:00. On the nights that I worked at the hotel, my shift was from 3 to 11, and I would get home at about 11:30. I began to notice that no matter what time I got home at night, Jerry would be sitting on his front porch drinking a beer. I didn't think too much about it. Jerry would always waive at me as I walked from my car to the front door. I would always come in and take a bath, then go the bedroom wrapped in a towel and would put on a tee shirt and panties to sleep in. It wasn't uncommon for me to stand nude in front of my vanity mirror while I brushed my hair. I also had a full length mirror on the side wall was a straight view to my side window across the room and the bedroom window on Jerry's house.
I guess Jerry didn't know my exact schedule yet, so one night I didn't have class and had a night off at the hotel, so I actually got home from school before Jerry did. A couple of hours later, I was sitting on my bed doing some homework. Since I knew Jerry's bedroom was empty, I never bothered closing the curtains. But this night the bedroom door was open and when Jerry clicked on an upstairs light, it lit the bedroom just enough for me to see that there was now a folding chair and small table with an ashtray and a lamp on it, but they were not placed on the far wall where you would expect. They were only a couple of feet back from the window facing out.
"Oh my God!". I thought, "has he been watching me at night?"
I quickly reached over and turned off my lamp and hid behind the side of my bed. As I peered over my bed in the darkness, I saw Jerry come into the empty bedroom. He looked over at my bedroom window, but when he saw my bedroom light was off, I guess he figured I might have already been asleep. He turned and walked out of the room, closing the door behind him.
I lay in bed that night, doing my best to recall the past couple of weeks and what Jerry might have spied on me doing. He could have certainly seen me standing nude in front of the full length mirror, brushing my hair, but had he also seen me lying in bed masturbating? I felt relieved when I realized I had only played with my pussy with the lights off, but at the same time, to think of the poor lonely guy spying on my kind of turned me on.
The next day in my classes, I could hardly concentrate thinking about Jerry watching me. It was creepy, but a big turn on at the same time. I thought about Jerry all alone in that big house. I wondered how long it had been since he had been with a woman. I hope this doesn't sound conceited, but I wasn't angry about it. After all, to Jerry, I was probably the hottest little thing he had seen in a long time, maybe ever! Why wouldn't he take every available opportunity to see my tight young body?
That night, when I got home from class, sure enough, there sat Jerry on his front porch. I went in and said hi to my grandmother, who was still up watching TV. After a few minutes, she said she was going to bed and I told her I needed to get something out of my car. I went out the front door and sure enough, Jerry had gone inside, perhaps waiting patiently in the upstairs bedroom.
I went up and took my bath and for the first time, it dawned on me that the smoked glass little bathroom window above the tub faced Jerry's house. He couldn't see through it, but he could tell when the bathroom light went off.
That night, instead of drying off in the bathroom, I just wrapped the towel around my wet body, turned off the bathroom light and walked into my bedroom. A quick glace to the window told me the lights were off at Jerry's.
"Is he there? Is he watching me?" I wondered.
I closed my bedroom door and undid the towel and began slowly and seductively drying myself off. I took my time about it, carefully placing each foot on the edge of the bed to dry my legs. I began noticing things I hadn't even thought of before, like how high my bed was and that if I were standing in front of my mirror, he could see from my butt up, not my legs. I also realized that if I went to my closet, which was on the side of the bed with the window, I would only be about ten or twelve feet from him. I couldn't resist.
I finished drying and acted like I was going to my closet. I wanted to see if I could see him, but as I glanced as I walked by my window, the room was totally dark with the door closed, so if he was there, I couldn't tell for certain. The more I thought about him watching me, the more it turned me on.
Strange thoughts ran through my head. I wanted him to see me, but I didn't want him to know that I knew. Not yet anyway. Not only did I want him to see me, I wanted to put on a show for my lonely neighbor. I wanted to make sure he would be there watching for me every night. The idea of it really got me going. If Jerry was sitting over there in the darkness, I was to make it an enjoyable night for him.
I walked back over to my vanity, grabbed my hair brush and stepped over to the full length mirror. I slowly bent at the waist, my hair dangling toward the floor and began brushing it. Very slowly. In this position, Jerry had a perfect view of my tight little butt, and maybe, just maybe, a slight glimpse of my pussy. I spread my legs ever so slightly just to add to the possibility. I brushed my hair out this way about twice as long as I normally would. Then I stood up and brushed out my hair while standing in front of the mirror. Oh how I wished I had known if he was watching or not. After several minutes of this, I lay the brush on my vanity and reached for a bottle of lotion and began a slow and seductive show of moisturizing my body. I sat on the edge, turned slightly sideways to give a better view, and extended my leg in the air to rub in the cream, then the other leg.
I stood up, again with my butt to the window, and massaged the lotion into my butt, then my shoulders and finally my breasts. I turned sideways, again giving him a profile view, and looking at the mirror began examining my breasts, rubbing in the lotion, and slowly toying with my nipples, almost like it was just an accident, but my erect nipples made it clear that I was aroused.
I began making a show, like I had innocently begun by applying moisturizer, but during the application, I had become aroused. I pinched at my nipples. Bit my bottom lip. Admired my body in the mirror. Then I slowly, like I was getting carried away, moved over to lay on the bed. With the lights still on, my fingers made their way slowly down my torso to find my wet, swollen lips.
Was he seeing this. If so, he surely has his cock in hand right now.
In my mind, I began visualizing Jerry sitting in the dark in his folding chair, cock in hand, furiously stroking to the naked college girl just a few feet away. Just the idea of it was so hot and making my juices flow. I was so worked up. I even thought about turning sideways on the bed so he could see me fingering my pussy but thought that would be too obvious, and I didn't want to take a chance of scaring him off. For a busy college girl who hadn't really found any kind of social life yet, this was the most excitement I had found since I got here!
I took my time working myself to orgasm, and when it came, it came with visions of Jerry furiously stroking his cock and shooting his cum on the bedroom window. Immediately when I came, I got off the bed and turned the light off. I wasn't sure if Jerry saw the little show I put on for him or not, but I was certain that, if he did, he enjoyed it just as much as I did.
***
Over the next couple of weeks, I wanted to tease poor Jerry a bit, so some night I would not give him a show, even putting my nightshirt on in the bathroom. Other nights were a repeat of my fingering my pussy to orgasm on my bed with the light on.
One day I had an idea. During the day, while Jerry was at work, I unscrewed the lightbulbs in the overhead light. That night, when I turned off the bathroom light, I walked in to the bedroom and flicked on the light switch but it stayed totally dark. I turned on the little reading lamp on my nightstand which did little to light my room. Then I went and got two new bulbs and returned to my room and climbed on top of my bed to replace the bulbs. I had on a short t-shirt that barely covered my nude butt. When I reached up to take the cover off the bedroom light fixture, my t-shirt pulled up totally exposing my butt. With my back to the window in a barely lit room, Jerry wasn't quite as careful as he should have been. There in the semi darkness, in the reflection on the mirror on the wall, I saw a flicker of light as Jerry sat in his chair lighting a cigarette. He had covered the lighter with his hand, but the soft glow was still enough for me to make out in the mirror that he really was there watching me. Now I was certain he was taking part in our little voyeuristic game. And I was more than a willing exhibitionist.
Now that I had proof that my activities were mutually beneficial, I began stepping up my game. One night, after my grandmother had brought home groceries, I even pleasured myself with a small cucumber. Two days later, Jerry brought over some bigger cucumbers with a made up story that someone at work gave them to him and he had more than he could eat. I put on a really good show for him that night with the biggest cucumber of the bunch.
Being September, the nights were starting to get cooler and one evening when I walked home from school, I told my Grandmother, "It's a gorgeous night out, let's turn off the air conditioner and open some windows." That night, before taking my bath, I opened my bedroom window.
When I got out of the bath, instead of turning off the bathroom light, as was my routine, I left it on, got down low and went into my bedroom to peak just over my bed, thinking I might be able to tell if Jerry had opened his bedroom window as well, but not only had he opened the window, since the bathroom light was still on, he must have thought I was still in the bathroom. There he sat in the folding chair in a men's robe, smoking a cigarette and drinking a beer.
I scurried back to the bathroom and turned the light off. Earlier I had brought up the last of our cucumbers. This one was the smallest of the bunch, but still about the size of a smallish cock. I knew he was there. I knew he was watching, and tonight, I also knew he was listening.
I lay on the bed and began using the cucumber as a simulated cock that I was licking. Between licks and sucks, I would moan the words, "Oh Jerry, I love sucking your cock. I love how it feels in my mouth. I can't wait for you to fuck me." I hope he could hear me okay. Grandmothers bedroom was downstairs, but I still didn't want to be too loud.
That night, as I fucked myself to orgasm with the cucumber, I burst out, "Yes Jerry, fuck me! Fuck me! Cum in me!". As I came down from my orgasm, I uttered, "Oh, I wish I could see his cock for real". I hope he heard me.
***
With all of the cucumbers gone, I had to change up my game plan a bit. That night, I worked at the hotel so didn't get home until 11:30, took a quick bath and went to my room, but tonight, I had made a decision. I loved knowing that Jerry was watching me and was jerking his cock off and it excited me. Tonight, I put on a robe in the bathroom and when I finished brushing my hair, rather than laying on the bed or standing in front of my mirror pleasuring myself, I walked around the bed and stood close to the window, facing out like I was just drinking in the night air. This had to have caught Jerry off guard as in the darkness, I saw a light glow of him snuffing out his cigarette in the ashtray.
Knowing he was there, watching, listening, I reached up and peeled the robe off my shoulders and let it fall. There I stood, totally nude, ten feet away from my neighbor. I stood at the window and began pinching my nipples and caressing my breasts.
I rolled my head back and moaned out, "Oh Jerry, I wish you were there to tell me what you want to see me do to myself."
I knew he had to have heard me, but would he respond?
"Yes, Jerry, tell me what you want me to do, ... and please let me see you stroking your cock for me."
It would either bring him out in the open or drive him away, I didn't know which.
"I need you, Jerry. I need to know you see me, ... and I need to see you."
Then it happened, as I stood there looking into the darkness next door, Jerry turned the lamp on. He sat there in the folding chair with his robe open, cock in hand, slowly stroking it.
Jerry's cock was a bit disappointing considering the man I had been with was Maurice who was just enormous, but it was respectable. It was a solid six inches, maybe seven, and fairly thick. Our eyes met, and for the first time since we began our little game of exhibitionist and voyeur, we both knew that the other person knew.
I stepped back after a couple of minutes to the edge of the bed and there we were, him in his folding chair stroking his cock and me on the edge of the bed, fingering my wetness. Occasionally I would moan little teasing phrases like, "Oh, your cock looks so hard. I wish I was sucking it for you." And through the open window I would hear him moan.
Jerry never did speak. He let his motion do the speaking for him and after several minutes of our mutual self stimulation, I could tell Jerry was close to erupting. I sped my action of fingering my pussy and clit. I knew I was getting close myself, watching him pleasure himself only a few feet away.
As my orgasm built, I moaned out, "Yes Jerry, cum for me! I'm gonna cum. Let's cum together!" And as my fingers enticed a small squirting orgasm, Jerry erupted with a groan. All too soon, it was over and I lay back on the bed panting. After several minutes, I caught my breath and raised up to look at him, but he was gone.
***
We spent three of the next four nights, watching each other masturbate, but Jerry still wouldn't speak, he would only watch. I did notice that each time I would utter something about sucking Jerry's cock, I would hear a low moan come from his window.
That weekend, on Saturday morning, Grandmother left to go visit her sister. She would be gone for eight days. I had befriended a young girl at college, Mandy, who had lived her whole life there and was still living with her parents while going to college. We had a couple of classes together and got along very well and I sensed that she might be somewhat attracted to me. With my Grandmother gone for a week. I told her I was really nervous about staying by myself and invited Mandy to stay with me. She could even sleep in since I was only half a block from campus. She readily agreed to stay the week with me.
I had my first Saturday evening off work. I had worked earlier that day at my book keeping job at the electrical company, but was finished by about 3:00 and called Mandy to let her know she could come over any time she was ready. I was just walking in the door when I saw her drive up.
Mandy was taller than me, of course just about everybody is. She is about 5'4", probably about 110 or 115 pounds, and had shoulder length red hair. She was a very light complexion and had a small sprinkling of freckles on her face and more on what I had seen of her chest. She wasn't like a model or anything, but Mandy was cute with a nice figure. She had smallish breasts, but full, maybe close to a C cup. She came across as pretty shy, and had obviously come from a closely monitored childhood.
One of the nice things about living with my Grandmother, she was open minded enough that she didn't mind if I drank alcohol and had a nice supply. She figured at eighteen, I was going to find a way to drink and would much rather I did it at her house rather than out somewhere where I could get myself into trouble. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't a heavy drinker by any means, but I did find that a couple of drinks really helped me loosen up. Mandy said she had only drank a couple of times and didn't like it, but she had tried was beer.
I convinced her to try a rum and coke with me and we went out on the back patio to visit. It was the first time away from class that we had a chance to talk and we needed to really get to know each other. I sat where I could see Jerry's bedroom window and sure enough, it didn't take long for him to appear in the window and see us. I had plans, but was in no hurry. At least he knew I had company. The night before, I had told him through the open windows that he needed to keep his bedroom lights off tonight.
After about an hour of chit chat and getting to know each other better, the drinks were starting to have an effect. The chit chat soon turned to girl talk. I was a little surprised to learn that Mandy, quiet and reserved as she was, also had a wild side.
Earlier when I went in to make fresh drinks, I had ordered a pizza and it was about time for it to be delivered, plus we had teased poor Jerry long enough, so we went inside to continue out chat. I learned that Mandy was not a virgin like I thought she might be. In fact, she had slept with two different guys in high school, but the last one was three months ago and she was itching for some action, she just really had a hard time getting guys attention. I started to ask if she had ever been with a girl, but thought maybe it was too soon for that. I chose instead, to begin telling about my sexual history, especially about the things that had happened over the summer.
I could see her cheeks flushing when I told her about my night with Ricky, but really seemed to get her going was when I told about me and Corey. She wanted to know all of the details, what it was like kissing a woman, touching a woman and even about going down on each other. I could tell the interest was there, I just needed to take my time with her. I went into great detail telling her how passionate it was with Corey and how in many ways, it was even better than being with a man.
"Wow, Kim. I just don't know if I could ever be with a woman that way."
"Why not", I asked.
"Well, what if I don't like it? Or worse, what if I do!"
"Oh, you WILL like it, I assure you. I think the secret is, to be with someone who has been with a woman before. When Pam and I tried a few things, we had no idea how to please each other and it was sort of awkward, but with Corey and Gail, they both knew what they doing and I learned a lot from them, especially Corey."
"So, you mean my first time with a woman should be with someone like you that has been with other women before?"
"Well, that would definitely be my pleasure" I responded as I got up to freshen our drinks, leaving her to ponder that remark for a while.
As I was returning with our drinks, the pizza arrived. The delivery guy was in his early 20's and kind of cute and after he left, Mandy and I joked about how we weren't very prepared or else we would have been wearing something revealing to tease him a bit. Oh well, next time maybe.
We continued our conversation while eating pizza and having more rum and cokes, but the whole time, I was trying to come up with a plan of just how I was going to seduce my new friend.
By the time we decided it was time to go get ready for bed, Mandy had managed to nurse five rum and cokes over the course of several hours, but with her low tolerance, I could tell she was a bit woozy and starting to loosen up. I fixed fresh drinks and we headed up the stairs.
"Do you want to go first", Mandy asked, referring to taking a bath.
"Oh don't be silly, we can go together. The tubs not that small." I replied.
This seemed to make her a bit nervous and I was afraid I had pushed too far, but she relented and said, "Okay."
We opted for a shower instead of a bath and that gave us more room to wash each other's backs. When she took off her shirt and bra, for the first time I saw her nipples and freckle covered breasts. The nipples were slightly inverted but had large areolas, and when she slipped down her panties, she displayed a tuft of fire engine red pubic hair. Of course I took the lead handing Mandy a wash cloth and soap and turned around telling her, "Here, you wash back then I'll wash yours."
Mandy was pretty reserved in her actions, never venturing too close to any of my 'private parts'. This was going nowhere fast. I knew I had to turn up the heat. As I washed Mandy's back, I made comments about her alabaster skin and the cute little freckles on her back and shoulders. Then I leaned forward and lightly kissed her shoulder. She froze, but made no attempt to stop me. I slowly trailed my kisses up her shoulder to the base of her neck and ever so slightly felt her head tilt. Her being slightly taller than me, I raised up on my toes and slowly continued up her neck to just below her ear and whispered what a lovely body she had.
I continued kissing her neck as I slowly pressed my breasts into her back, then began slowly raising my hands up her sides and slightly forward. When my fingers touched the underside of her breasts, I heard her gasp slightly. Gently I turned her around to face me. She offered no resistance. I kissed the other side of her neck and slowly worked my lips to hers. At our first gentle kiss, Mandy melted into me, her supply body pressed firmly against mine.
I felt her lips tremble as we kissed, but she was soon eager with passion. Our tongues began a slow and sensuous dance. I slowly traced my fingers down her back and caresses her ass, pulling her tighter to me. With our bodies pressed together and our kisses becoming evermore passionate, she began to respond in kind, actually participating. I felt her hands travel down my back to caress my butt. We stayed like this for several minutes until we began to feel the water cooling off.
We broke our kiss and without saying word, Mandy turned around and turned off the shower and reached for a towel. We took turns drying each other off. I took an extra amount of time drying her legs, slowly bringing the towel up to her red mound. When I touched her lips, even through the towel, I felt her body shiver as she moaned lightly.
Once we were dry, we started out of the bathroom and Mandy reached for her robe. As we were walking through the doorway, she started to put it on. I stopped her at the doorway, turned off the bedroom light, signaling Jerry that we were through in the bathroom, and took the robe from her hands.
"You won't be needing that", I said in the sultriest voice I could muster.
We stepped into the bedroom, into Jerry's view. Before Mandy had time to reconsider anything, I turned her around to face me and immediately kissed her deeply. She moaned into my mouth. I gently led her back against the bed and we slowly descended onto it, with our mouths locked and our tongues dueling one another.
Knowing Mandy had limited experience, she was a pretty good kisser. Her tongue was thick and her lips soft as velvet. She really seemed to enjoy it when I would gently suckle her tongue into my wet mouth and was soon mimicking my actions. As we continued our make out session, I moved one leg over hers and slowly began pressing my thigh into her mound while grinding my own mound against her thigh. We were both getting very wet.
After several more minutes of kissing and grinding, I broke the kiss and casually looked up, winking at the window, knowing Jerry was watching. Then I began slowly kissing my way down her body, stopping to lick her neck and listen to her coo gently as my hands found her breasts. I kissed my way down her freckled chest to find her once inverted nipples were now beginning to poke out and I gently traced my tongue in slow circles around each nipple. I felt her hands on the back of my head, holding me there.
I teased her nipples until she finally began pressing my head down, trying to force me to suck her nipple into my mouth. After a painfully long time, I finally relented. She gasped, "Ohhhhh, Kim", as my mouth finally engulfed her left nipple.
After a bit of nipple play, I nudged her to move up so we could get more comfortable, knowing as I worked my way down her body, I would be off the bed. Of course, I also figured we had teased poor Jerry long enough and wanted to give him a better view of the action.
Mandy asked, "Can we turn off the light?"
"No, I want to see you, but let me do this," and I turned on the reading lamp and turned off the overhead light. I knew this would make poor Jerry have to strain a bit to see everything, but wanted her to be more relaxed.
I then began under her breasts, resuming my kisses down her stomach. She had just the cutest little bit of baby fat on her soft stomach and I felt her breath catch several times as I worked lower. As my lips and fingers trailed lower, I felt her hips rise for the first time.
When my lips finally reached the edge of her pubic hair, I moved down to the inside of her knees. I wanted to torment her. I wanted her to be begging me to lick her pussy. I wanted her first time with a woman to be something she would never forget.
As my lips touched the inside of her left thigh, she instinctively brought her knees up and spread herself wide, inviting me in. What Mandy was too shy to say with words, she was saying loud and clear with her body. I began licking, kissing and sucking the inside of her thighs, slowly working my way up. I could now smell her intoxicating womanhood. She wasn't uttering a word, but was making constant moaning sounds, softly into the night air. I was hoping Jerry could hear her.
When I got up to her upper thigh and her hips were starting to buck her mound toward my mouth, I moved over to the inside of her right night and she groaned her impatience. As my lips repeated the action on her other thigh, my fingers began lightly tracing all around her mound and outer lips, but never quite touching her most inviting parts. Everywhere my fingers moved, she pressed her vulva that way, begging for relief.
As I looked up in the dim light, I noticed for the first time that her clit was now swollen and firmly protruding from her mound. I got to her upper thigh, then began tracing slow wet circles with my tongue around her womanhood.
"Ohhh Kim, I can't take ..." and her words trailed off. Her fingers clutching at my head, pressing me closer and closer and closer until with all of her strength, her passion beyond its limits, she forced my mouth to her aching pussy.
'Ohhhhhhhhhh, Yesssssssss." She moaned loudly. I was certain Jerry had no trouble hearing her now.
As my tongue flicked at her clit and alternated with tiny circles around its edges before sucking it into my lips again, my fingers danced on her outer lips. I could feel the wetness leaking from her.
Then I had an idea.
"Get on top of me", I ordered as I lay sideways on the bed. When she quickly got over my mouth, I knew from this new position, Jerry was sitting in the darkness only a few feet away, staring straight at her. She lowered herself onto my waiting mouth. This time, as my tongue engulfed her swollen clit, I slowly sank my fingers up into her wetness.
"Oh God, YES!" She screamed.
Also from this position, I could look up to see her pinching at her nipples that were now standing firmly erect. Her body began to buck wildly, pressing first onto my mouth, then back to push my penetrating fingers into her tunnel. I pretty much held my hand still and let her set her own pace of stimulation.
I let her continue this action until her orgasm began, and as it wrecked through her body, my fingers began fucking steadily up into her, knowing if left to herself, she would slow her pace as orgasm overtook her. But I wanted this orgasm to be like no other.
Her entire body shuddered and shook as I mercilessly worked her g-spot, and the sounds she was emanating were primal. I felt her knees squeeze together on my head and knew she had reached her limit, so I brought my fucking fingers to a slow pace as she came down from her orgasmic high.
Mandy feel off of me in a heap.
"Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God" she mumbled into the bed. Her body still quivering from its release.
I raised up slightly, looked over at the open window and blew a kiss, hoping Jerry had just had his own orgasm.
Once the proverbial dust settled and Mandy was getting back to some semblance of normal, we just held each other tightly and fell asleep.
I knew she wasn't ready to reciprocate my cunnilingus. That wouldn't come until the third night, but I was in no hurry. Over the next few days, Mandy and I explored every inch of each other's bodies. We put on countless shows for poor Jerry.
I had to work all day Saturday at both of my regular jobs and my Grandmother was coming home Sunday, so Mandy went home when I left for work on Saturday morning. She actually thanked me for giving her sexual experiences better than she had ever had before.
***
Saturday night, my relief was late and I didn't get home from the hotel until midnight. I was afraid Jerry might already have given up and gone to bed, but since it was Saturday night and he didn't have to work the next day, sure enough, there he was sitting on his front porch when I got home. As I was walking to the front door, Jerry got up to go inside.
After an entire week of making love to Mandy, you would think my libido would be satisfied, but instead, the nonstop arousal had only exacerbated my cravings. I loved caressing, kissing and sucking Mandy's tight little body, and how it made me feel to bring her so much pleasure, but I was in need of a nice, hard cock. I longed for the feeling of having a hard cock in my hands and in my mouth and having control over it.
I went through my normal routine, took a bath (Mandy and I had been taking showers all week, so I needed a nice, relaxing bath), stood in front of my mirror and brushed my hair, then walked around the bed to face the window. The bedroom next door was dark. I opened my robe and began seductively caressing my breasts and pinching my nipples.
In the darkness, I saw the glow as Jerry took a drag off of a cigarette. As my fingers touched my pussy, I moaned, "Oh Jerry, it's been a week since I've watched you stroke your cock. Turn you light on, please."
Jerry's lamp came on and there he was, cock in hand, hard as a rock. As I watched his hand moving up and down his cock, my yearnings overtook me. Jerry wasn't much to look at, but his cock was nice, and dammit, I wanted that cock. I decided we had both waited long enough and that our teasing of one another has reached its peak. Without saying a word, I closed my robe and walked around my bed and through the bedroom doorway. About a minute later, I was ringing Jerry's doorbell.
I stood on Jerry's front porch for much longer than I had anticipated. Was he going to answer? I was just about to give up in frustration, but decided to ring the doorbell again. Finally, the door crept open. There stood Jerry, fully dressed, in khaki pants and plaid shirt.
"Seriously", I thought to myself, "I'm standing at his front door and he takes time to get dressed! What is it with this guy?"
I stepped inside and took his hand and led the dorky man over to his recliner, turned him around and told Jerry, "Don't say a word."
I'm not sure if he was even capable of saying anything at that moment. I reached down to unbutton his pants, and as I lowered the zipper, I also lowered myself to my knees. I had briefly thought about kissing him, but there was just no attraction there, so I decided against it. I just wanted his cock.
As his pants traveled lower, his now semi-erect cock sprang free inches from my face. For such a dorky guy, his cock was actually quite nice, now that I seeing it up close. It was fairly thick and had a nice thick vein that zig zagged its way through the top and side of the shaft and nice bell head. Jerry was circumcised, but there was just a bit of overlapping skin that just covered the ridge of the head. But most impressive were his big hanging balls. Jerry was old enough that his balls had begun to hang low and one hung about an inch lower than the other.
Before I ever even touched his cock, as I stared at it and studied it closely, I saw the full hardness returning. I slowly brought my right hand up, lightly touching the flesh on his inner thighs, until my palm finally lifted the weight of his sack. I brought my left hand up to the underside of his shaft and pressed it up against his stomach, leaned forward and flicked my out to his cum filled balls. The night air was pierced with the sound of Jerry's heavy breathing.
I gently took the low hanging ball, the left one, into my mouth. Jerry uttered incoherent sounds in the night.
Then I began lightly tracing and licking my tongue up the underside of the shaft, up to the head, then repeat several times. I felt pre-cum leak into my left hand. Up the shaft a final time before circling the head with my tongue and lapping at the leaking fluid, then slowly opened my mouth to enclose the head, my tongue flicking at this underside of the head. The stimulation was too much for poor Jerry and he fell back into the recliner.
I leaned up over him and he scooted to the edge. I took the cock slowly back into my mouth and began descending my wet lips down the shaft. On my tongue, I could feel the underside of his shaft pulsing as his blood engorged it. He was hard as stone and it felt so good to finally have him in my mouth.
I moved my mouth slowly up and down his shaft several times. With my left hand now free, it found its way to my pussy and fingers toyed at my clit.
Jerry began bucking his hips up, fucking my hungry mouth. His actions were becoming erratic and I felt his cockhead swelling. I forced my mouth all the way down his shaft, my tongue now flicking at the tightening balls I held in my hand. With his cockhead forcing its way into my throat, I felt him swell, his balls tighten, then begin to pulse as he pumped his fluid into my throat. There were no sudden jets of cum, but rather a slow and steady heavy leaking into my mouth. His cum was slightly bitter and not very creamy, but there was a lot of it.
I swallowed his juice and slowly began with tightened lips, working my mouth to the tip, pulling out the last of his seed. This had all happened in less than five minutes. I was disappointed that he came so quickly. I was really enjoying sucking his cock and would have fucked him if he had held out, but I knew it would be some time before he could recuperate enough for sex.
I simply stood up and walked over to the front door.
"Good night, Jerry. Sweet dreams."