(Comments welcome.)
***
It was our anniversary when he came downstairs with a wicked glint in his eye.
'I've got a surprise for you,' he said. 'Go and put on the outfit I've laid on the bed for you. Nothing extra, I spent ages choosing just the right thing.'
Curious, I went to the bedroom, took off my clothes and put on the high-neck loose-fitting crop top and fitted skirt that I found.
'Make sure you're wearing EVERYTHING I put out!' he called.
I looked back at the bed to be sure and saw something pink nestled among the covers. Looking closer, I saw what appeared to be a small pink penis with a seashell attached. I couldn't work out where I could wear it until I realised that the total absence of underwear meant I could wear it to cover my vagina. Carefully, I inserted the small dildo into my pussy, leaving only the seashell shape resting over my clit. It provided some cover I supposed but walking around it made me really rather aroused.
I went back to the lounge and strutted across the floor, showing off my rather respectable outfit.
'What's this for?' I asked.
'We're going shopping...' he told me.
We headed out to the car and he climbed into the driver's seat. Sitting beside him, felt a soft buzz against my pert little bud. Then another. And another, in a constant rhythm. He grinned mischievously at me and then reached a hand out to tweak my nipples under my top. He bent his head down and licked my nipple before sucking it firmly into his mouth and suckling on it. His hand dropped to my thigh and slowly traced a path between my legs until it reached the pulsing toy in my cunt.
'I'm so glad you figured out how to wear this,' he said. 'We're going to have lots of fun!'
He drove a little way to the next town and then pulled into the dark parking lot of the 24 hour supermarket. There were a few other cars around but not many so we should be able to find a little privacy.
We walked (I almost skipped) through the revolving doors and headed towards the cafe. He told me to take a seat and then walked up to the counter and ordered two coffees. As he reached into his pocket to pay, the vibrations against my sensitive nub became stronger and longer. I squirmed in my seat, determined not to cum in the cafe while a couple sat drinking tea a few of tables away. I was stronger than that wasn't I? I squirmed some more and felt the moisture flooding into my hole. I rolled my skirt up a little so that I wouldn't drench it with my juices but the cold pleather of the seat beneath me was such a naughty feeling against my bare cunt that I squirmed even more. He brought the coffees back to the table and sat opposite me, eyes twinkling at my obvious discomfort. He placed a hand on my knee and reached the other into his pocket. As the vibrations intensified, I lost my battle. Grinding my opening into the chair, trying desperately to shove the toy deeper into my aching cunt, I shuddered to orgasm in the cafe. My cunt contracted and my stomach clenched and I sat as still as I could, trying not to show the couple nearby that I had just cum and breathing deeply until the waves of pleasure passed.
'Woah, that was fantastic to watch!' he said, turning the vibrations off so that I could drink my coffee.
When we had finished, he turned the gentle vibrations back on. We got a shopping trolley and began wandering up and down the aisles. I pushed the trolley as he put things in. Being distracted by the sensations under my skirt, I didn't pay any attention to what we were buying. Occasionally, he placed his hand on my bottom or upper thigh but for the most part he seemed to have forgotten our adventure. He asked me to reach a few things but it wasn't until the 3rd time (when I spotted him massaging his stiff cock through his trousers) I realised he was choosing items from the top shelf so that I would reach up and flash my nipples.
Quickly, he changed his approach and began asking for things from the bottom shelf. This time, I slowly and deliberately bent from the waist looking seductively over my shoulder and giving him a perfect view of my ass and pussy, still containing the gently buzzing toy. I handed him what he had asked for (a cucumber) and carried on walking. A few moments later, after we had passed some other late night shoppers, he asked me to reach something again, from the very bottom shelf. I bent over ensuring I was flashing him perfectly but, as I reached for the item, the vibrations became stronger and the small dildo inside me also began to buzz. I couldn't believe it! I couldn't muster enough strength to stand back up so I was totally exposed.
Then I felt it. Something hard rubbing against me. He was going to fuck me! With his hard, cold cock. No. That wasn't right. His cock wasn't cold. Oh my god the cucumber! It was slick with my juices and rubbing against the entrance to my back passage. He was teasing me with the cucumber? I was entirely exposed and yet he was fully dressed and pressing the lubricated vegetable slowly against my ass. I felt my sphincter accepting it hungrily as I longed to be taken. All too soon it was taken away and replaced, this time with a hot, throbbing cock. Yes! This was perfect.
Bent over in the supermarket, vibrations coursing through my cunt, at risk of being caught at any time, he eased his cock into my ass until it would go no further. I felt so wonderfully full until he pulled it out and slid it right back in. He found his rhythm and began to pump his cock into me as the vibrations in my cunt started to build towards an orgasm, he thrust into me again and again until finally I burst. My orgasm ripped through my body and juices filled my cunt and squirted out of me, pushing the little toy out too. My sphincter tightened around his cock and with a couple more pumps he sprayed the inside of my ass with his hot seed.
After what seemed like an eternity, he pulled his still rigid cock from my anus and helped me to stand up, picking up my toy from where it fell, still vibrating. He turned to vibrations down and was just sliding it back inside my soaking pussy when I spotted a security guard at the end of the aisle.
'I think you two had better come with me!' he said firmly, guiding me by the shoulder.
Rather than being thrown out, he led us to his office at the back of the shop. We must really be in trouble.
'Take a seat,' he commanded. We sat.
'What is the meaning of this?' he asked us, pointing at the cctv screen which clearly showed a paused image of my boyfriend fucking my ass in the middle of the supermarket.
'It's just a little fun. We weren't doing any harm!' he insisted.
'We'll see what the police have to say about that,' replied the security guard. 'Empty out your pockets.'
I didn't have any but my boyfriend turned out the car keys, his wallet and a little pink remote.
'What does this do?' he asked, picking up the remote curiously. My boyfriend simply shrugged in response so the security guard slid the button up and down a couple of times causing the vibrations to go from mild to intense and back. He slid it one more time and then put it down with everything else. I couldn't believe it. He'd left it on full. I gave a little yelp of delight and panic. My boyfriend looked at me and then the remote and his eyes lit up as he realised what had happened and what would inevitably happen next.
'Do you think this is amusing?' the guard asked him.
'Not at all,' he replied, putting on his most innocent expression.
I began to squirm again. Oh my god. Not now. I couldn't cum now when I was so close to being arrested but how could I stop it without reaching up my skirt and pulling out the dildo in my cunt. That would surely make matters worse. I tried to sit still and stop it from happening but I felt the warmth building in my clit and spreading inside me. Building and building until it was unbearable. I parted my knees a little to try and relieve some of the pressure but I couldn't stop it. My orgasm burst through my cunt, shaking through my entire body and pushing the toy out. I squirted hard and heard the sound as my juices splattered all over the guard's desk and floor.
His jaw dropped.
'In the cell, both of you! You can stay with this miscreant I caught shoplifting until the police arrive for all of you.'
Heads hung, we walked into the little cell in the corner of the office where a man sat with a small tent in his trousers. Oh god he'd been here the whole time. He'd just watched me cum.
'That was incredible!' he complimented as we sat only the only bench in the cell.
'No talking!' shouted the guard as he left, presumably to call the authorities.
'We'll, don't stop on my account,' he told us. I looked at my boyfriend, unsure he'd ever want to have sex with me again after what had just happened but saw that he was sporting an impressive erection too. We'd had lots of sex in public by now but never deliberately in a room with just one other person who knew what we were doing. My boyfriend looked at me questioningly. I shrugged in response. Why not! He put his hand on my knee and started to work his fingers towards my dripping cunt. I parted my knees to allow him access and reached over to free his cock from his pants. As his fingers parted my soaking lips, I slid my hand firmly over his stiff rod. He pressed his fingers slowly into my drenched hole and used his thumb to gently rub my delicate clit. Suddenly, he climbed off the bench, taking his hard prick out of my reach and knelt in between my legs. He kept his fingers inside me and gently kissed my little bud before licking it and sucking softly on it. I looked over at our cell mate to see if he was really ok with this and found him beating steadily away at the stiff rod in his hand.
My boyfriend removed his fingers from my hole and rubbed the juices onto my clit as he stuck his tongue inside me and tonguefucked me for a moment. He soon returned to sucking my clit while working his fingers inside me until I built to my most incredible climax yet, grabbing the back of his head I ground into his face as he sucked and fingered me through the shuddering pleasure. As my waves subsided he sat himself back on the bench and gestured an invitation towards his stiff cock. I was eager to impale my pussy on it so I stood over him and lowered myself quickly until he was inside me. He gasped with delight as he entered me at last and I knelt on the bench so that I could ride him properly. I kept our bodies close and tilted my hips to slide his cock in and out of my soft hole, keeping the tip rubbing against the inside of my cunt. I slid my hole up and down the stiff length of his shaft and watched our spectator match his strokes to my tempo.
Gradually, I increased the speed of my fucking until the man underneath me began to moan in ecstasy. I sped up just a little more and felt his entire body tense as his cock began to throb and pump his load into my eager pussy. On the bench next to us, the man came too, spraying his load onto the floor of the cell. We all stayed where we were panting for a moment or two and then hurriedly made ourselves mostly decent again.
'Woah, that was incredible! I should get caught more often!' the man told us.
Just as we were about to answer, the guard returned.
'Right, the lovebirds can go!' he said, sounding non-too-pleased. 'But don't ever come back in this shop again, you hear me!'
He unlocked the cell and escorted us back through the store, past our abandoned shopping and the accompanying Wet Floor sign and out to the car park. We climbed into the car and pulled quickly away.
'That was close! What an incredible anniversary!' I told my boyfriend.
'Certainly was!' he replied. 'I just hope nobody buys that cucumber!'