Welcome to my submission for the2024 Literotica Nude Day Contest!


Most of my stories involve the same four main characters, but for the Literotica contests, I have branched out into an "Alternate Freya-verse." In my usual writing, "Story Freya" is much less of a sassy jerk than she is in this one. But it's still a fun story!😁


And remember, this is a contest! So read, give me a 5-Star vote (you DO NOT have to be a registered user to do this, so make my day and 5-star me!), and feel free to leave a comment!


If you'd like to read any of my other stories, click here:My Stories


Enjoy!


Love, Frey


💖 💖 💖 💖 💖

"I'm bored out of my fuckin' gourd," Freya complained. "We finished finals two weeks ago and all we've done since then is lay around the house. I want to go out and do something."
"We could go see a movie," Katie suggested.
Freya rolled her eyes. "No... I want to do something fun and summery. A movie is for when it's raining out."
"But when it's raining, everyone goes to the movies," Katie pointed out. "On a day like today, we'd have the whole place practically to ourselves. There'll be no one there."
"Everyone goes when it's raining because no one wants to be stuck inside a cold, dark movie theater on a day like today. It's beautiful out!"
Cindy sat up. "We could go to the beach --"
"Yeah!" Freya shouted. "Let's go to the beach!"
"I wasn't finished," Cindy reprimanded her. "We can go to the beach and tease all the old men."
"What?" Katie and Freya said in unison.
"We can kind of cock-tease the old men that hang out by the snack bar," Cindy elaborated.
"Yeah," Freya agreed, warming to the idea. "Those guys playing canasta or cabbage or whatever it is."
"I think you mean cribbage," Katie suggested.
Freya looked at her with disdain. "Who gives a fuck what it's called? It's boring, old guy games that they use to pass the time until death shows up and ends their miserable lives."
Turning her attention back to Cindy, Freya started spitballing. "So, we set up camp by the picnic tables and those cement checkerboard tables next to the snack bar. That place is always packed with old guys with nothing to do."
"Right," Cindy replied.
"I like this idea," Freya mused. "And have you ever noticed that they're hardly playing checkers or whatever?"
"No."
"Well, trust me. They aren't there to sit in the hot sun playing Russian Roulette with heat stroke just for the checkerboard tables."
Katie frowned. "So, what are they doing?"
"Watching all the girls in bikinis!" Freya cried out as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. "They sit there all day soaking up all of the young, sexy bodies, then go home and try to stick their slightly less limp dicks into their moldy and gross fat wives."
"But Cindy's fat," Katie pointed out.
"I'm curvy, you scrawny bitch," Cindy spat back. "You're just jealous because no guy wants a girl that looks like a prepubescent boy."
Looking hurt, Katie fired back, "Fat ass!"
"No ass!"
"Ladies!" Freya shouted.
"Plenty of guys like me," Katie said.
"Right," Cindy scoffed. "Name one."
"Billy Jacobson."
"Sure."
"Every time I go up to sharpen my pencil in geography class, when I'm walking back to my desk, he's staring at me rubbing himself."
"Billy Jacobson's a disgusting freak," Cindy stated.
"Ladies! Ladies!" Freya interrupted what was sure to be an hours-long argument over which boys in which classes liked which one of them. "Who cares? We're out of school. You'll be seeing these guys one more time at graduation next week and then probably never again."
Always looking to get the last word in, Katie mumbled, "Fat ass," at Cindy one more time before Freya shut them both down for the day.
"Stop it!" Freya sternly shouted. She was eager to go to the beach and flaunt her body. The three girls were all crazy about boys, but Freya was pathologically, clinically insane about boys. At nineteen-years-old, she was a year older than the other two -- in fact, she was the oldest girl in their graduating class by almost two months -- and had been unofficially voted "class slut" by the other students, a designation that she vehemently denied by pointing out that she'd only slept with -- in her exact words -- "just seven guys, so far." Of course, seven guys during the school year -- and then adding the 'so far' to the end of the statement -- really only bolstered her classmates' view of her as the school slut.
But she didn't really care what people thought about her that much. She was just having fun. And besides, she was always careful to protect herself both physically and emotionally.
No commitments, no problems.
No harm, no foul.
"Okay. So, we go there in bikinis, lay our towels down by the old guys, and just start oiling ourselves up and posing for their enjoyment?" Freya asked, really warming to the idea.
"That's about it," Cindy said, still stewing about Katie's "fat" comments. That scrawny bitch always knew exactly which buttons to push to get Cindy riled up. "Katie will probably chicken out, though."
"Cut it out," Freya sternly said. Cindy always held a complex mixture of resentment and contentment with Freya. She resented that Freya was in charge all of the time, and that she could even be quite bossy about it, but Cindy was also happy to let Freya call the shots. It was oftentimes much easier to just follow the pack and in the end, that suited Cindy just fine.
Katie on the other hand...
She was always trying to jockey her position to be Freya's favorite. Katie almost kowtowed to Freya on everything and then took great pleasure in deriding Cindy with snide comments and remarks. And Freya rarely came to Cindy's defense because she enjoyed the ass-kissing that she always received from Katie.
And Freya felt that it wasn't a terrible thing to keep the chubby girl insecure. In fact, Freya had recently discovered that this made Cindy pretty easy pickings for when Freya was horny as hell and had no one else to fool around with.
But what was Cindy to do? Turn away from her only friends? And they reallywerefriends most of the time. There were just occasional spots where Cindy seemed to be the brunt of all the jokes and snarkiness.
But it was better than being alone, so she put up with it. And besides, Cindy had recently fallen in love with Freya.
"Guys?" Freya asked, "What are we waiting for? Let's go."
Suddenly, Katie stood up and yelled out, "Shotgun!"
Freya gave her a dirty look. "We have to be within sight of the car, dumbass."
Katie pointed to the window and smirked. Sometimes she really had a set of balls on her. Begrudgingly, Freya had to admire that.
"Whatever." Freya glowered at her then ran upstairs to put on her sexiest bikini -- a rather small, lemon yellow one that really showed off her blossoming figure. She had begged her mother for a two-piece and her mom had finally given in, as she usually did, but with the concession that they get a bikini with plenty of padding to help cover anything that her mom felt would be "inappropriate to flaunt to the entire world."
Of course, once back home with her new purchase, Freya had spent the afternoon carefully removing every trace of padding that she could for the exact reason that shewantedto flaunt what she had to the entire world. Mostly boys, but in truth, anyone that had an interest.
Modeling the swimsuit in her full-length mirror, Freya admired how it fit her, gracefully accenting every curve of her young body. She slid her hands over the slight flare of her hips. She was no longer a girl. She was a woman.
Freya lightly pinched her nipples causing them to harden slightly. Not that they needed much coaxing -- they were almost always at least semi-erect as Freya was almost always in some state of sexual stimulation. She turned to the side, proud of how the tiny beads pushed the fabric of the top out. And when the suit got wet, it became practically transparent. Freya had checked that out in the bathroom as soon as she removed the padding. It made her young tits look simply glorious!
But the crowning achievement of this bikini was how it molded to the lips of her pussy. The thin fabric, combined with how she kept herself neatly trimmed -- boys seemed to like that -- caused the material to cling to every tiny curve between her legs. And when she got a little more turned on than the usual arousal state that was her baseline and her pussy began to open a little, she found that she could crouch down in such a way that the tiniest touch of fabric to pinched between her lips, thus clearly showing the outline of her slit to anyone that happened to look.
This was the perfect outfit for today.
"What are you doing?" Cindy called up the stairs. "Let's go. We still have to go get our stuff."
Tearing her eyes away from her image in the mirror, Freya hollered back, "Hold your horses. I'll be right down." She pulled on a tiny pair of cutoff shorts, a T-shirt that was a size too small -- just the way she liked them -- then grabbed her sandals and beach bag and went downstairs to her impatiently waiting friends.
They piled into Cindy's car, Freya unhappily climbing into the back seat, and made the two stops they needed to. They were on the road within twenty minutes. Crowded in the back with the bags and towels, Freya stared out the window while Cindy and Katie yammered away in the front seat. She didn't really care what they were talking about. Her mind was on what lay ahead.
She loved teasing the boys at school, but this was going to be a different situation. She would be teasing men. And in public. Although school wastechnicallypublic, it really felt like its own small bubble. Almost a pretend realm unto itself with its own silly rules of behavior and ridiculous hierarchy, completely separate from the outside world.
Today, she would be flaunting herself to total strangers. Anyone walking by would see her.
And she would make sure that they did.
This was really exciting to Freya.
"You're awfully quiet back there, Frey," Cindy said, interrupting her thoughts.
"Yeah," she responded noncommittally.
Katie snidely whispered, but making sure that it was plenty loud enough for Freya to hear her, "She's pouting because she couldn't have the front seat."
Freya's first instinct was to say something to put Katie in her rightful place in Freya's perceived hierarchy, but really didn't want to talk to either of them. And no comment at all would really get under Katie's skin anyway, so Freya said nothing and drifted right back into her daydreams about men ogling her at the beach.
She imagined that sprinkled through the older men, there might even be a couple men that could actually still get it up. Men around her mom's age. Freya's father had split as soon as he heard that Freya's mom was pregnant. He just took off and was never heard from again. Not that her mom had tried to track him down. Pretty much the only things that Freya knew about her father was that he impregnated Freya's mom and that he was abusive towards her. Freya's mother had said that much and only that much. She wouldn't elaborate on how or why or anything. All she would say was that "he was abusive and he left."
In fact, Freya's mom had never bad-mouthed him as far as Freya knew. She literally said nothing other than that he was abusive and that he didn't want to be tied down with a child so he ran.
But Freya rarely thought about her father -- or who her father was or could be.
It raised way too many questions that she would never get answers to.
So, she focused on the simpler things in life.
Like sexual pleasure with no strings attached. No one would ever hurt her like they had hurt her mom. Freya wouldn't allow that to happen to herself.
And sitting on the beach with her two best friends, engaging in some harmless long-distance flirting with some strangers was perfect. She was shocked that she had never thought of this before. Freya had flirted with guys at school -- I mean, a girl doesn't land seven guys in the just over eight months of her senior year in high school without knowing how to play the game -- butthatflirting was always with just one goal in mind.
Sex.
One and done.
Well, maybe a few times over a couple of weeks if the guy was good, but anything longer than that, and despite Freya's best efforts, guys usually started to get a little too possessive and attached to her. A jealous boyfriend cramped her style way too much for her liking.
A boyfriend cramped her style too much!
But flirting with no "end game?"
This was genius.
Well, there would be an "end game" for Freya. Just not with a guy.
Freya was planning on the afternoon of flirting getting the three girls all riled up. Then Cindy would be ripe for the taking. The two had already planned a sleepover at Freya's and with Cindy all worked up, Freya knew, with absolute certainty, that her chubby friend would be into a little playing around tonight.
Cindy had been into it twice already.
The first time, Freya really had to talk her into it. It took some cajoling, but eventually, Cindy had agreed -- and if her three orgasms had been any indication, had really enjoyed the experience. The second time, it was quite a bit easier. "We've already done it once, so what's the big deal," was a great way to rationalize almost anything in life, Freya had found.
Too busy thinking about her face buried in Cindy's pussy, Freya hadn't even noticed that her hand was stroking her own pussy through the thin fabric of her swimsuit. That was nothing new, though. Usually, she almost couldn't keep her hands off of herself -- unless someone else's hands were on her, that is -- but even then, she usually pitched in and helped.
Freya knew exactly what she liked.
She looked at Cindy and Katie, happily gossiping about who knew what, and very carefully wriggled her hips and slid the edge of her bathing suit aside just enough to slip a finger into her slit. She slowly rubbed up and down the very top of her pussy and started to feel her juices begin to flow. Freya slithered her finger between the lips and felt for some moisture, finding some deeper inside, she brought it up to lubricate her clitoris.
Her eyes facing the girls in front, but imagining herself on the beach with a throng of attentive men watching her, she started rubbing tiny circles around her clit. She felt her excitement grow in tandem with her clit engorging as she continued to caress herself. Freya imagined one of the men intently watching her and rubbing the bulge in his shorts. She imagined him walking over to her. She could see him standing above her, looking down. He reached into his shorts and pulled out the biggest dick that Freya had ever seen. It waved in front of her face, the fat head of it already glistening with precum in the early afternoon sunlight.
She had to touch it.
But in her mind, this man had a different idea.
As she reached for it, her lips already parting, ready to suck as much of it into her mouth as would fit, he pushed her away. She looked up at him, and he grabbed a firstful of her hair. It hurt, but she liked it. He knelt on the towel between Freya's legs, pulling her body down as he went.
Now, between her bent knees, he roughly pulled the bikini bottom aside even more, allowing his cock full access to her pussy. As Freya frantically rubbed herself in the back of Cindy's car, in her mind, the man pushed himself into her with a force that knocked her head back.
She gasped as she came.
"Are you okay," Cindy asked from the front seat.
"Um-hmm," she answered, not quite trusting herself to speak words. After a few moments, she told Cindy that she was going to roll down the window for a minute. She hoped that the smell of her sex, as faint as it usually was, hadn't begun to permeate the air around them. Freya really did not need to be accused of masturbating in the back seat of someone's car again.
She reluctantly pulled her finger away from herself and readjusted the elastic edge of the bikini, splitting her pussy in two so that she could enjoy the slight pressure against her clit for the rest of the ride. She could fix it when they parked at the beach. Freya laid her head back, closed her eyes, and drifted off to sleep.
"Frey, we're here," Katie poked her leg, waking her up.
Freya blinked in the bright sunlight. "Hmm?"
"Let's go," Cindy said, "The beach -- and the men -- are waiting."
Freya groggily climbed out of the back seat, stood, and stretched. Feeling the leg seam of her bikini between her pussy lips brought a small smile to her lips. She surreptitiously maneuvered it back into place, properly covering her slit again, knowing full well that within mere minutes, she could be moving it right back to the side again.
But this time it would be for an audience.
Just the thought of it sent a thrilling shiver down her back.
The girls grabbed their bags, put on their sunglasses, and started to walk towards the snack bar.
"I feel so naughty," Cindy said.
"Yeah," Katie agreed. "This is going to be so fun."
Freya rolled her eyes and trailed behind the other two. When she wasn't "leading the pack," so to speak, her preference was to follow the two girls. Especially Cindy. Katie had a decent ass, but Cindy's was much more to Freya's liking. Big, round, firm but still yielding -- it was nothing short of spectacular. Freya had quite a fondness for her enormous tits, too, but couldn't exactly walk backwards in front of her staring at those bouncing jugs, so she just studied her swaying ass as they made their way to a spot by the snack bar.
As they walked, she imagined being in bed with Cindy later that night. Freya could almost feel Cindy's huge pussy wrapped around her face. That's what she liked the best about her friend. A pussy so soft and big that she felt like she could bury half of her head into it. She imagined grabbing Cindy's soft, wide hips and just sucking the delicious juice out of her all night long.
Her eyes flicked over to Katie, then quickly back to Cindy. Katie may be cute, but a 115-pound girl just didn't have what Cindy could offer. Giant tits, still holding the firmness of an 18-year-old woman; an almost perfectly round ass; and a pussy so wet and squishy that Freya could just dive in there and spend the night.
"How's this?" Katie asked.
Freya, torn away from her daydreams, looked around them. They were far enough up the beach away from the water that they were pretty much alone and far enough from the crowd at the snack bar so as not to attract any unintentional attention, but best of all, if they sat in such a way, they were in unobstructed sightlines of the last couple of tables. And with just some trees and scrub brush behind that, no unwanted peepers like cops. In this location, the girls could pretty much pick and choose their audience.
"Perfect," Freya responded, noticing how Katie virtually swelled with pride at pleasing her.
'Maybe a scrawny girlcouldbe fun,' she thought. 'But not today,' she quickly added as she noticed Cindy already taking her shirt off, exposing the biggest tits Freya had ever seen in real life. They were the biggest natural tits that Freya had ever seen anywhere.
And she watcheda lotof porn.
Cindy was in a forest green, floral print bikini with a huge tie in the front -- probably intended to draw attention away from her massive breasts, but actually doing just the opposite. Freya knew she was staring, but just couldn't help herself as Cindy slid out of her shorts exposing the deliciously creamy curves of her hips and ass to anyone that wanted to take a look.
And there were a few already, Freya noticed with not a small amount of jealousy. Even possessiveness.
That huge ass belonged to her.
And then, of course, Katie just needed to horn in on the action and started stripping down to her bikini. Freya was pleased to notice that she was wearing a cropped tank top and boy short bottoms. Clearly an amateur at getting men to notice her.
Straight men, at least.
So, Freya only needed to out-do Cindy, and that was easy. What Freya may have lacked in the vast handfuls of sexy curves that Cindy had on display, she more than made up for in pure chutzpah.
And she was ready to pull out all the stops.
First, Freya looked around to size up her audience. A few men were looking, but not enough had noticed them.
Yet.
"Mmmm!" Freya called out to anyone within earshot as she raised her arms above her head and arched her back, being sure to push her tits and ass out as much as possible. "What a great day to be at the beach," she said in the same loud voice.
Cindy and Katie went about laying down their towels and pulling out bottles of suntan lotion, paying Freya very little mind. They had both seen this act many times before.
Satisfied that she had enough people looking at her now, Freya slowly drew her T-shirt up her flat tummy and past her sizable tits. After it was off her head, she shook her fiery mass of hair making sure that plenty of the loose curls fell in front of her shoulders and across her face giving her an almost shy look that she knew men always found irresistible.
Men were perverts, but so easily manipulated. It was almost laughable. It was a damn good thing that they had dicks.
She coyly looked out from under her hair and made eye contact with a couple of watchers, then drew them with her own eyes to her tits. She gave an exaggerated pout, then to make sure that her nipples were fully erect for her fans, she started to brush and pinch at an imaginary fleck on her bikini top. She adjusted the cups that didn't need any adjusting, then put her hands on her hips and with a well-practiced flip, flung her hair away from her face and stood for the admiration of her audience.
And admire her, they did.
How could they not?
Freya was the epitome of wild sexuality.
Cindy may have had the sexy but safe look of the woman that a man would want to marry and have as the mother of his children, but Freya had the look of the crazy girlfriend on the side that did any and every one of your wildest fantasies.
And then introduced you to some fantasies that you never even knew you had.
With her dark red hair aflame in the early afternoon sun, her near flawless skin glowing with an insatiable sexual appetite, tits that werejust a tadlarger than necessary on her toned body, and long legs that were perfectly built to be wrapped around you, she was truly a sight to behold.
And she knew it.
Freya smiled and slipped out of her sandals, then deftly unbuttoned her denim shorts. She held them daintily in place with just her fingertips, paused for dramatic effect, and then simply let them fall to the sand at her feet. She stepped out of them making sure that the closest spectators got a great view of the tiny triangle of cloth barely covering her vagina.
One of the reasons that she had chosen the bright yellow color -- besides the fact that it would be attention-grabbing -- was that when her pussy was wet, the spot didn't show as clearly as it would with some other colors. But it did show enough that if someone was really paying attention to her crotch, they would notice. They wouldn't notice a discoloration of the fabric as much as a slight transparency letting the natural pink and red coloring of her pussy just barely show through.
But only to thosereallywatching her closely.
She liked to think of it as a little bonus for the true worshipers.
Freya always liked to reward anyone that showed her even a little bit of love.
"Are you done?" Cindy asked.
Still smiling out at the beachgoers, Freya hissed, "Screw you," but gracefully lowered herself to her towel. She then looked at the two girls. "What?" she asked in defiance.
They just shook their heads.
"So, how do we do this?" Katie asked as she began rubbing suntan oil on her long legs, toned from years of competitive gymnastics training.
"I think you're already doing it," Cindy told her, nodding her head slightly in the direction of an older man sitting at a picnic table intently watching Katie while melted ice cream from his forgotten cone dribbled down his hand.
Katie looked up, saw the man, and giggled. "Wow. This is so easy."
"Men are easy," Freya said. "It's women that can sometimes be trickier." She looked at Cindy when she said that and Cindy blushed a little and immediately looked away.
Freya looked around and noticed that a couple of men had "wandered" from the beach up to the tables by the snack bar and positioned themselves to "nonchalantly" have front row seats by the three bikini-clad babes.
"Girls, it's showtime," Freya whispered as she took the bottle of coconut oil out of Cindy's hands. "I'll help you with this, Cindy."
"No, I can --"
"Oh, I insist." Freya sat behind her friend, straddling her ass with her legs, nuzzled against the nape of her neck, and breathed, "Just relax, honey," into her blonde hair. Then even quieter, added, "You know you want this." She then opened the bottle and squirted some of the oil into her left hand, placed the bottle in the sand next to them, and rubbed her hands together.
She started with Cindy's shoulders, slowly working the oil in. She could feel the initial apprehension begin to fade as her hands worked their way across her upper back. Reaching for the oil, Freya's nipples brushed against Cindy's back and they both shivered.
"You liked that," Freya mumbled, making sure that Katie couldn't hear her. But Katie wouldn't have noticed anyway. She was much too busy clumsily preening and posturing -- basically, trying to be Freya -- for the men slowly gathering by the tables and benches.
With some more oil in her hands, Freya oiled up the rest of Cindy's arms, then reached around and placed her hands on her plush hips, made even wider by the way she was sitting. Freya snaked her hands around Cindy's waist, just above the line of her bikini bottom. She allowed one fingertip to slip into the suit and ever so lightly brush against the top of her bush.
"Ohhh, Cindy," Freya moaned into the ear of her secret lover, "You are so fucking sexy." She felt Cindy's body shudder in her arms.
Freya's face was buried in Cindy's hair, and as Freya began massaging her soft belly, she whispered, "Just relax. You don't have to hold your cute, little tummy in." Freya continued stroking her and could feel the tension release. "There you go. Don't be ashamed of your figure. You don't have to hold that adorable belly in. Men like women with some meat on their bones," she cooed into Cindy's ear. "And I know that some women do, too."
Cindy closed her eyes and leaned back against Freya. She was almost lulled into a trance by her friend's fingers caressing and fondling her body. Cindy could feel the tingling start between her legs. She thought of the first time that Freya had made love to her. It had been so new and so exciting and so frightening all at once. She had never thought about girls in any sexual way, but ever since Freya showed her just what a woman could do to her, Cindy had barelystoppedthinking about what a woman could do to her.
The second time that Freya had made advances towards her, Cindy had been hesitant only because she wasn't sure of Freya's intentions -- she did have a well-deserved reputation, after all -- but as soon as Freya lightly nibbled on her earlobe, Cindy simply melted into an entire night of carnal passions.
And now, just feeling Freya touch her, Cindy was ready for Freya to dominate her. Cindy wanted to give Freya anything and everything that she wanted to take.
She heard Freya's voice in her ear, so faint it almost merged with the distant sound of the surf, asking her, "Still on for tonight?"
Her head was swimming and Cindy thought that she answered, "Yes," but she may have just exhaled, so to be sure, she lightly nodded. She then felt Freya's hands and arms abruptly let her go and she felt her heart sink a bit.
"I'm going to wash my hands," Freya stood up, leaving Cindy sitting alone on the towel. "I'll be right back."
Freya had already applied plenty of sunscreen before they left and had brought more to reapply later. She didn't want anything to ruin her porcelain skin. She loved the stark contrast between her ivory complexion and her smoldering, red hair and knew that others did, too.
She knew how important it was to protect her valuable assets.
Cindy watched her walk away, and felt more than a little pang of regret that Freya didn't seem to want to publicize their relationship. Cindy wanted to shout it from the rooftops. She wanted to let the world know that they were madly in love with each other. She knew about all of Freya's relationships over the past year -- or shethoughtshe knew about them all -- but knew that the love that they shared was different. Freya just needed some time. Cindy wanted to tell everyone, but most of all, she wanted to tell Katie. All three were best friends and it killed her to keep something this big a secret.
And as an added bonus, it would piss Katie off to no end. No longer would she be the favorite.
But Cindy didn't want to upset Freya.
Nobody ever wanted to upset Freya.
"What was that all about?" Katie asked after Freya was far enough away.
Cindy played dumb. "Huh?"
"Freya was practically molesting you."
"No." Cindy waved her hand brusquely, stalling for time. Stalling for some type of response. "She was just... Messing around." Cindy forced a small chuckle. "You know good old 'Crazy Freya.'"
"Um-hmm," Katie mumbled. She didn't know what was going on, but sheknewit wasn't just Freya "messing around" like Cindy was telling her. Something wasn't right between them and she was determined to figure it out.
As Freya was walking out of the ladies' room, she noticed a man leaning against the wall of the snack shop. The man stood out in that way that someone with confidence draws your attention without doing anything at all to draw your attention. And he was cute. Freya thought that she had seen him over by the picnic tables on the other side of the small building, but wasn't sure. Either way, she quickly looked away and continued walking.
"Hey," the man said.
Freya spun around and locked eyes with him. He saw a fire inside her that made her hair -- and everything about her -- fade into the background.
And he liked it.
Freya knew that she always had to be the aggressor -- at first, anyway -- and took three steps towards him. "Yes?" She demanded.
He smiled.
She waited.
"I just wanted to say hello and introduce myself." He put his hand out and Freya looked down at it in contempt.
Then she noticed his watch.
And a ring on one of his fingers.
They both looked very expensive.
She looked down at his soft leather loafers -- probably Italian -- and that sealed the deal for her. She elegantly took his hand in hers and smiled warmly at him.
"Hello," she said in her sexiest voice.
"My name is Steven."
"It's very nice to meet you, Steven."
"I saw you sitting with your friends and I wanted to talk to you, but you looked... A little busy."
"Oh, the fat girl?" Freya said dismissively. "She's just a friend."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah." Freya smiled wider. She had an interesting idea.
As it turned out, Steven had an interesting idea of his own.
"I have a private cabana just past the snack area if you'd like to get out of the sun and relax a little," he offered.
None too happy about this slight but definite switch in who was controlling the conversation, Freya pulled her hand from his and gave him a stern look, hoping to look offended at his brash forwardness.
He unwaveringly met her gaze and rather than back down, he told her, "But if you don't want to, that's fine, too."
Freya thought about the watch and the ring and the shoes. They all pointed to one thing. Steven had money. And if Steven had money, then he had money to buyherthings like watches and jewelry and shoes. She paused for just a moment mulling this all over in her head.
Amidst it all, the term 'whore' never even entered her mind.
She was just having fun.
No commitments, no problems.
No harm, no foul.
Interested in regaining control, Freya ignored his proposition -- and his snide response to her reaction -- and instead leaned towards him and quietly told him that if he would like to buy himself an ice cream and sit at the very last picnic table, he just might have a lovely view to admire.
Without giving him a chance to answer, she turned and walked back to her towel on the beach. Cindy and Katie were waiting for her to return. Freya was happy to see a barely noticeable dark spot in the lycra pinched between Cindy's meaty thighs as she stood up.
"We're going to get something at the snack bar," Katie told her. "Do you want anything?"
"No. I'm fine." Freya waved them away as she watched Steven casually walking past them towards the last picnic table. She watched him sit down, cross his legs, then put on a pair of mirrored sunglasses. She couldn't see his eyes, but she knew exactly what he was looking at.
Her.
She carefully positioned herself about eight feet away from where he was sitting. She sat facing him and then turned her head as if she were looking down the beach while she ever so slowly spread her knees apart. Just a few inches, but enough that she was sure he understood what she wanted him to focus on. She then casually let one hand wander down to her already wet crotch. With the same practiced move as in the car, she easily slid one edge of her bikini bottom to the side, capturing it, once again, between her pussy lips.
Now, Steven had a full view of half of her pussy.
She glanced at him and knew that behind the sunglasses, he was transfixed by another one of her many assets. She was a pro at using her beauty to get whatever she wanted. She had been doing that almost all of her life. In the last few years, she had discovered that her tits and ass could get her even more than just her beauty could. But it wasn't until this school year that she had come to realize the power that she held between her legs.
And she didn't even have to wave it in front of someone. Just the mere idea that theymayhave a shot at it was enough to cause people to all but bow down in front of her showering her with anything she wanted.
It was truly a gift and Freya had become an expert at wielding her pussy's mighty power.
Steven watched as one of Freya's fingers slowly traced the slit where her bathing suit was lodged, then came to rest at the top of it. He held his breath as he stared at half of the most beautiful pussy that he had ever seen and then let his breath out is a rush when Freya curled her finger into the cleft where her clitoris was and started to slowly and rhythmically tug at herself.
He watched in awe as she repeatedly pulled her pussy up by her clit and the bathing suit rubbed further into her causing her pink inner lips to begin to emerge. It was easily the most erotic thing he had ever seen -- that he could ever imagine -- in his life. Steven uncrossed his legs and shifted rather uncomfortably, but never took his eyes off her.
And very carefully, just out of the corner of her eye, Freya watched him as closely as he was watching her. She was very pleased to see him surreptitiously start to knead his erection through his shorts.
'Now, to set the hook,' she thought as she started pushing just the very tip of her finger into herself. She could feel the familiar wet heat envelop her fingertip while she watched his quickly growing discomfort. She let him agonize for a few minutes while she really started fingering herself.
In fact, Freya was getting so into her semi-public masturbation that she didn't even see a man walking towards her on his way to the snack bar. As he passed between the first-time exhibitionist and her audience, he happened to glance down. Shocked at seeing half a woman's finger engulfed by half a woman's pussy, he froze in mid step.
Freya looked up at him. "Fuck off, pervert," she hissed.
But the momentary magic had been lost. She pulled her finger out of her cunt and brought it to her mouth to suck the flavor of herself off, then sadly covered herself back up. As it turned out, this happened just in time. Cindy and Katie came back, each holding an ice cream, and plopped themselves right next to Freya.
So amazingly turned on by fingering herself in public, Freya was in absolutely no mood to sit around with those two idiots talking about whatever the hell idiots talked about. She caught Steven's gaze and motioned with her eyes towards the cabanas just twenty or so feet away under the shade of some trees. He gave her a slight nod and stood up, doing his best to hide his stiff cock. He looked at her, raised his eyebrows once, then turned away. She watched as he walked to the second cabana and went inside.
Freya waited a few moments, then turned to her friends and announced, "I'm going to take a little walk down the beach."
"We can come with you," Katie told her.
"No. No. You guys finish your ice cream," Freya hastily replied. Then added, "It looks like some guys are settling in. Why don't you two warm them up a little with a show?"
Katie giggled.
That ought to keep them busy for a while.
Cindy looked like she was about to say something, but Freya turned her back on her and started walking away before she could. Cindy watched her leave, but then Katie started talking about something. Cindy reluctantly tore her eyes from Freya walking away and pretended that she was listening to Katie.
Freya walked past the second cabana, then nonchalantly turned around and looked at Cindy and Katie. Neither of them were facing towards her, so she quickly slipped into the relative darkness of the rather large tent.
"Welcome," Steven said, then motioned to a minifridge. "Can I get you a drink?"
"I'm only nineteen," Freya informed him.
Steven grinned. "My second favorite age for a woman."
"What are you? A fuckin' dirty old man?" Freya was a little uncomfortable with his comment. But hewasrich, so she decided that she could stick around for at least a few more minutes to see where this was heading. And if things got too weird, all she had to do was yell. Even in the early afternoon on a weekday, there were still plenty of people at the beach.
"Thirty-four isn't old," he told her.
Freya looked at him waiting for her eyes to adjust to the shade inside the tent.
"I was just joking," he added, hoping to relieve the tension.
"Hmm," Freya gave a weak chuckle. "It wasn't very funny."
"Sorry," Steven apologized.
"You know, I didn't have to come here."
"You can leave, if you'd like." Steven stepped past her and held the canvas flap open a couple of inches letting bright sunlight stream in. When Freya made no move to go, he muttered, almost to himself, "That's what I thought," then let the flap fall back into place. She watched as he tied the opening closed, then turned to face her.
"So, nothing to drink?" He asked her once more.
"Why waste the time with drinks?"
Steven nodded in satisfaction. "Why waste the time, indeed."
In a subtle power play, Freya took a single step towards him, then waited, forcing Steven to make the second move.
And he did.
Steven took the two steps towards her, grabbed a large fistful of hair on the back of her head, and kissed her so hard that Freya almost lost her balance. She was kept upright by his other strong arm around her waist.
He pulled her head back and looked into her eyes. He was pleased to see that the fire had returned.
She was spun around and roughly pushed down across the arm of one of the heavy rattan chairs and she let out a small yelp.
This also pleased Steven.
What Freya didn't know was that he had a bit of a mean streak, but he was usually able to keep that in check.
With a hand on her back, holding her bent over the chair, he pulled her tiny bikini bottom down. When they fell to her ankles, Freya stepped one foot out of them and spread her legs. She arched her back to better present herself to the man that was to be her next lover.
Still holding her down -- at this point, needlessly, but Steven wanted to feel like he was in control and Freya wanted him to feel like he was in control -- Steven fumbled with his belt and the buttons on his shorts. When he had undone three of the four buttons, he reached in and pulled his cock out, while Freya reached behind and grabbed her upper thighs, luridly stretching them apart, eager to feel his dick inside her.
With the excess of lubrication that she was providing, she felt it easily slide into her until his hips were pressing hard against her ass. Disappointed, she realized that it wasn't big. Actually, it was quite small.
But itwasa dick.
A rich man's dick.
A rich man'stinydick, but a rich man's dick inside her, nonetheless.
In Freya's short life, she had already learned the valuable lesson that a great many things could be overlooked simply by looking at something better beyond it.
Deep inside the most beautiful young woman that he had ever been with, Steven savored the feel of her red-hot pussy around his cock while he untied her bikini top. As he let it dangle from her neck, freeing her tits, Freya gave a rather convincing sexual moan and wiggled her ass against Steven.
He put his hands on her perfectly rounded hips and pulled out of her slightly -- any more with that little pecker of his and he would have popped all the way out -- then, with a grunt, pushed himself back into her. Freya felt it slightly part her pussy lips and frowned, realizing that this was going to be it. She sincerely hoped that his bank account was a whole lot bigger than his cock.
"Oh, Steven, that feels amazing!" Freya purred, letting go of her thighs. What was the point? She folded her arms on the other side of the chair and laid her head on them. She figured that she may as well get comfortable while she waited this out.
"You like that, baby?" Steven asked her.
"So much." Freya replied with as much half-assed enthusiasm as she could muster. "Fuck me, please."
She felt him pull his full three inches out of her and before she knew what was happening, she felt his strong hands start to part her ass cheeks. Freya pushed herself up from the chair and looked over her shoulder at him. He was leering at her like the depraved uncle that has had too many drinks at the family cookout.
"Uh, uh, uh, you dirty boy!" She mock-scolded him. "I'm afraid thatthatlittle treat is off limits." Freya was happy to see him look so crestfallen -- like a little child that had just lost his new, favorite toy. This would be a nice carrot to dangle when it was time for him to pull out his checkbook for a one-month anniversary gift.
Maybe sooner.
Summer was short.
Then she winked at him and added, "Off limits for now, that is." She pushed herself back and in a little baby voice, she told him, "Now, fill my sad and lonely pussy with that huge cock of yours, you stud."
While Steven's dick busied itself giving Freya a minimal amount of pleasure, she busied herself thinking about what kind of car she may want. It would already be August when she would make the subtle suggestion -- she certainly couldn't push for that too soon -- but a convertible would still be fun for the fall. And the car would have to be mid-priced, of course, regardless of how much money Steven had. Anything too ostentatious would be quite difficult to explain to her mother.
And at some point, she would probably have to introduce Steven to her mom. Unlike jewelry or expensive clothes, a car would be impossible to hide. And a brand new car couldn't just come from nowhere.
Thatwould be an awkward situation.
She could picture it in her head.
"Hey, mom, I'm barely out of high school and I'm dating a guy twice my age and he's been lavishing me with gifts all summer and now he just bought me a new car. But don't worry about your sweet, little girl. We only sit on a bench at the park and hold hands."
Freya's mom would absolutelyknowthat she was fucking him.
And fucking him a damn lot to get a car!
And her mom would know that she was damn good at fucking to get a car out of some guy.
She might even be jealous.
That could be fun.
In spite of Steven and his small dick, Freya could feel her heart begin to race and that familiar tingling deep down in her belly.
The thought of her mom jealous of her own teenaged daughter fucking a guy practically her age while she's been stuck at home fingering herself for the last two decades was really turning Freya on. Even more than thinking about how big Steven's bank account may be. Freya was now actually starting to enjoy being fucked by this rich loser.
"Pinch my nipples," she instructed him while she grabbed the arm of the chair for a little more stability and leverage.
As Steven leaned down and reached his hands around to clumsily maul her tits, his dick all but pulled out of her.
Freya sighed. 'Fuck this shit.'
She pushed herself up and Steven squirted right out of her, but she didn't care. She looked at the chair with the high arms, then quickly looked around the cabana.
"Sit on the minifridge," she impatiently told Steven.
"Huh?" Bewildered, Steven looked at her.
"Do you understand English? Sit your ass on the damn minifridge."
He did and Freya practically jumped on him. In this position, his cock was in her a little bit more. Now, it was passable. She could work with this. Freya started to gently buck her hips -- she didn't want him to keep falling out of her -- and she wrapped her arms around his neck. He may not be the most well-endowed man she'd ever been with, but he certainly was handsome. Rugged. Very manly.
The kind of man that her mom would probably like.
Steven fumbled with her tits, but Freya put a stop to that. She needed to give his hands something to do that wouldn't fuck up the fucking. "Hold my hips," she told him, then pressed one of her nipples to his lips and before he could bunglethatup, she instructed him to, "Suck on my nipple. Firmly, but not too hard." Then she added, "And no teeth."
She noticed that he wasn't too bad at tit sucking. Not too bad at all. Maybe Freya would end up fucking him exclusively this summer -- little dick and all.
But maybe not.
As she felt him sucking on her tit and his cock gently massaging her insides, she drifted back to the idea of her jealous mom. Maybe she would purposely parade him around in front of her. Maybe she would fuck him while her mom was home and could listen to them screaming through the bedroom wall.
This was really turning Freya on.
And what would she do, anyway? Be angry for a couple of days, and then go right back to doing whatever Freya tells her to do. Freya knew that she was all that her mom had left of the perfect family she had always imagined, and Freya took full advantage of that.
Well, 'took advantage' wasn't really the right phrase. Freya got whatever she wanted and could do whatever she wanted and her mom got a daughter to love. Her mom got a family -- albeit just a two-person family -- but a family nonetheless.
They each got something out of the relationship. So no one was really being taken advantage of.
'Oh, shit!' Freya's thoughts instantly shot to the present situation of her screwing this guy when she realized that he was going to cum.
Steven let go of her nipple, hunched his hips up, which did absolutely nothing to further his entrance into Freya, and with a small grunt, came inside her. She could immediately feel his cum dribbling out of her. Disappointingly, Freya looked down at him.
He smiled up at her, genuinely pleased with himself. "Oh!" He moaned. "That was great!"
"Yeah. The best I've ever had," was Freya's automatic response.
Then she thought to herself, 'You know, I may end up getting a lot of gifts and cash and shit like that from him, but he still needs to please me.' And with this thought, she stood up and told him to get down on his knees in front of her. Unlike the annoying 'sit on the minifridge' ordeal, he did this without question. Freya was happy that he was learning so quickly. She grabbed the back of his head and shoved her sloppy cunt against his face.
"You already came. Now it's my turn," she told him. "Eat."
Steven licked and sucked and swallowed all of his cum while Freya thought about Cindy doing this exact same thing to her later tonight. Maybe Freya wouldn't shower and let Cindy taste the flavor of a man on her pussy. She wouldn't know what the taste was anyway. She'd never been with a man. Just the idea of making her friend wallow in sloppy seconds brought Freya right to the edge of an orgasm. But it wasn't quite enough. So, while thinking of her mom watching as a man ate out her only daughter, Freya pushed herself harder against Steven's face and with two fistfulls of his dark, wavy hair, she scrubbed herself against him until she came.
Steven was trying to say something, but she didn't want to hear whatever it was. She just needed to finish the last couple of waves of her orgasm without his intrusion.
After a few moments, she let go of his head and he gasped, struggling for air.
"I couldn't breathe," he complained.
Freya's first instinct was to tell him to shut the fuck up, but instead she pulled him to his feet and held him close. "I'm sorry, darling. You just turned me on so much." She gave him a chaste kiss on his rug burned lips. "You understand, right?"
"Well, I'm glad that you enjoyed it so much."
"Oh! So much! You're amazing!"
Steven leaned in and tried to give Freya a more 'proper' kiss, but she gently pushed him away. "Steven, dear, having your cum in my mouth is another thing that I won't do on a first date." She gave him a sultry, devilish smile that made him weak in the knees, then added, "You can look forward to cumming in my mouth on our second date."
Freya led Steven to the chair that they had started their short fucking session on and gently pushed him down into it. He was still in his shirt, but now his shorts were down at his ankles. Naked, Freya sat on his lap. The sex was okay. Not great. But Freya had bigger things in mind. She was going to spend the summer between high school and college milking this rich schmuck for all that she could.
Including the new car.
If she played her cards right, that was.
'No,' she corrected herself. 'He would be buying her a car only ifheplayedhiscards right!'
"Nice watch," Freya said, admiring the heavy, gold band and diamond-studded face.
"My brother gave it to me."
"Oh, yeah?"
"He's a big shot doctor. Chief surgeon. Department head. All that. People fly in from all over the world to have him perform their surgeries." Steven smiled proudly.
"Your brother's a world-renowned surgeon? That's amazing," Freya commented, figuring Steven was maybe a doctor, too. Or something equally impressive. And equally lucrative. She was practically salivating when she asked, "And what do you do?"
"I'm, uh... Between jobs right now," he told her. "I was working at a liquor store but then the asshole owner claimed that there was some money missing out of the register and he shitcanned me."
Freya saw her summer spent with a wealthy sugar daddy instantly go up in smoke.
"But I'm gonna sue him because he can't prove that I took the money," he explained further. "I'm gonna be rich. I'm gonnaownthat liquor store."
"Hmm. Well, that's very interesting, Steven." She patted his knee and stood up.
"Hey, I never got your name."
"Oh. I never gave it," Freya replied coldly.
"I see." He smiled warmly. "So, we're playing that game, huh?"
"Steven, honey, I don't play games," Freya lied. She needed to get out of the suddenly claustrophobic and much too warm cabana. "My name's Michelle," she lied again.
As she started to put her bikini back on, she told him, "I have to get back to my friends. But maybe I'll see you around again."
"That would be great, Michelle," he said as she was leaving.
Without looking back, she just gave him a perfunctory hand wave over her shoulder and that was the last he ever saw of her.

💖 💖 💖 💖 💖


Did you know that you can rate and comment without signing up for an account?


So, click that yellow star with the 5 in it and then drop a comment below.


I hope that you enjoyed this story. If you did, please follow me to read more!


Thank you so much!


Love, Frey


More Of My Stories