My wife and I were in bed. I was naked. She had on a pair of white bikini panties that were soaked from pool water and pussy juice. We had just come home from an end of the summer cook out at our friend's house.
She looked me in the eyes as she slowly stroked my stiff cock. Occasionally she would lick the shaft from my nuts to the swollen head before popping it in her mouth for a hard suck. She did this over and over again for about five minutes.
Still looking in my eyes she said,
"You wanted me to get fucked, didn't you?"
My only response was a quiver with a deep breath trying to relax. The only thing I could do to keep from shooting cum over her face.
"I can't believe you let those guys treat me like that," she said before licking and sucking the head of my cock again.
"Like what?" I asked.
"Do you really not know, or do you just want to hear me say it?" was her come back.
"How were they treating you sweetheart?" I played dumb.
"They were treating me like a slut. As if I was not married. As if my husband was not even there", she said still staring into my eyes as she deep throated my entire hard cock. I roughly grabbed a hand full of her hair and slowly pull her sucking mouth off my cock.
Earlier, we were at a friends house for a cook out. As always, she was flirting and being very touchy feely with the guys. Alcohol always does this to her. Of coarse the guys, not to be outdone, were flirting back with her. I played the nonchalant, cool husband and just sat back, drink in hand, and watched it all happen.
She was dancing with a few guys. Some were polite. Others were not. I saw her get her ass groped. I saw her get her ass slapped. There was plenty of big bulges rubbing against her hot mound of moistening flesh, as reggae music played.
At one point, she had a guy grinding his very big bulge against her ass while another ground his bulging cock against her crotch. She looked at me several times with her eyes half closed, biting her bottom lip. She knew full well that I was aware of what was going through her mind. Being double penetrated is one of her biggest fantasies.
Everyone dancing, at the party, kept rotating from partner to partner. What was amazing was that,for about fifteen minutes, she always had one in the front and one in the back. When she gave me that look I knew exactly what was going through her mind. She was imagining these guys all taking turns fucking her in a gangbang. Every time a dancer would change it was like the last guy came inside her and was making way for the next guy to slide his cock in her sloppy pussy and ass.
The owner of the house suddenly came running out, in his underwear, screaming and howling, and jumped in the pool. Mostly everybody followed suit and started stripping to their underwear and jumped in after him. The party just got turned up.
My beautiful wife stripped off her tight shorts and tank top. There she stood in her matching white lace bra and panty. Her nipples were stiff and looked like big pencil erasers. The crotch of her lace panty looked soaking wet with cunt lubricant. The lace made it so easy to clearly see her big pussy lips as the material clung to them.
She has the most succulent pussy lips, that I am dying to see wrapped tight around a thick meaty cock as it plows to depths I will never touch. They were glistening with her cream every time the light shine on them.
About five of the guys in the pool were staring, waiting for her to join them. She walked over to me, sitting in a lounge chair, spread her feet apart about shoulder width. Bending over at the waist, she gave me a long, slow and sloppy wet kiss. She was giving them a good look of her open, wet pussy through the lace panty.
I reached underneath her, with my left hand, and ran my middle finger from her asshole, through her wet pussy lips, down to her clit and back up several times before stopping at her hot hard clit. I then rubbed it with circular motions. I pinched her nipple, with the thumb and index finger of my other hand and began tweaking them in similar circular motions.
She spread her feet further apart and lifted her ass and cunt in the air more, giving them a better look at what her husband was doing to her. The guys waiting for her to jump in the pool started hooting and whistling. I quickly pull my hands away, because I thought she was about to cum. I told her to go cool off in the pool.
She gave me a dirty look. She felt as if she was being fed to the wolves. Accepting the challenge, she turned, ran to the pool and jumped in.
It was already crazy in there with the guys grabbing and tossing the girls. The five guys waiting for her to jump in did the same. They started lifting my wife and tossing her in. Most times a hand grabbed her by the ass and torso to lift and toss her from one guy to the next.
Her fake laugh, open mouth and look in her eyes let me know exactly what was going on. As they picked her up by the butt, their fingers were sliding into her pussy. At times, when it appeared that they were having a hard time getting a hold of her, because of her fighting, I believe they were just finger fucking her under waters. You see, she was giving them a hard time but not pushing them away. She would grab and hold them while pretending to be fighting.
It's all fun and games till some one gets hurt. One of the girls bumped her head on the side of the pool and was bleeding. She had to be taken to the hospital. The party sort of broke up after that.
Back in our room I asked "You enjoyed being treated like a slut."
She slurped three more times and said, "yes I did. Is that what you really want baby? You want me to be a slut? You want me to let guys fuck me? Use your wife like a whore? A nasty filthy slutty whore? Baby they were finger fucking me under the water. Your wife was getting finger fucked right in front of you. I feel like such a dirty bitch."
"You are a dirty bitch. I told you I got a bunch of guys online that want to fuck you. I told you baby, I am ready for this. You don't have to worry. I'll always love you. I'm not going to love you any less cause you let guys fuck you. Just let it happen baby. Let me get you fucked."
"I don't know. I don't think I could really do it."
"Baby. You were just getting finger fucked, repeatedly by five different guys. They were passing you around like a whore. And I know you were thinking about getting gang banged when they were all taking turns grinding your pussy and ass. Look how hard you got my dick. Come sit on it."
She got up and sat on my dick and slid all the way down. Licking her sexy Latin lips she started riding my cock slow but hard.
"See how easy you take my dick?"
"Yeah!"
"You know you want to feel thick,long, meaty cocks fucking your slutty pussy. I know you want to be used like a total whore."
"Oh baby. I don't know."
"Baby you've been so good to me. You've been a good wife. You deserve it. You deserve to get the pleasure you want. Don't deny yourself for me. I want this for you. I want you to be happy. I know you like sucking big cocks.
I know you miss your ex boyfreind's huge cock plowing into your pussy. You can also dress like a prostitute if you want. You don't think I know all of our neighbors want to fuck you? I know baby. I see the way they look at you.
I know you want to fuck the young boys at the gym too. I see you staring at the bulges in their pants. Your a slut baby. Don't deny yourself. Your pussy was made to take cock. That's why you have it baby, to take cock. Take cock. Let them cum in your pussy. Bring me that sloppy cunt. I want to slide my cock into your dirty sloppy used cum filled cunt.
We both screamed and came together.