When my mom met her newest boyfriend, the two of them made it very uncomfortable for me to be around. If they weren't using drugs, they were being very vocal in her bedroom. Thankfully, my friend, Mrs. Hartsell welcomed me into her trailer with open arms. She lived next door to my mother and she knew how upsetting it was for me to be around my mom when she was like that. On the nights when I couldn't stay at home, I simply ran to Mrs. Hartsell's trailer. There were times when I felt the need to leave in a hurry. On those nights, I ran to the safety of Mrs. Hartsell's trailer in whatever I happened to be wearing. On occasion, I ran next door in only my underpants. That's what I was wearing that fateful night.
Mrs. Hartsell later told me she had a feeling something was wrong that night. She rose out of bed, threw on a robe, and dashed outside while telling me to wait where I was. She stepped outside just in time to see their fully loaded truck turn the corner. Mrs. Hartsell walked through the dimly lit night to the now-abandoned trailer and found it was empty. All of my things were gone too.
I sat at the window and watched Mrs. Hartsell step out of what had been my mother's trailer. She looked upset while making her way back to her trailer. When Mrs. Hartsell came back inside, she spoke two words, "She's gone." She then took me in her arms and embraced me. She held me in her big, soft arms and nuzzled my head between her breasts. She held me for a good long time while I sobbed quietly. My mother had never run off like this before. But her new boyfriend had her into heavy drugs and who knows what else. I knew I'd most likely never see her again.
While embracing me, Mrs. Hartsell told me what she'd found inside my mother's trailer. My mom had taken all of my meager belongings, even my clothes. She was gone and she wasn't coming back. Being the kind woman she was, Mrs. Hartsell told me I'd be staying with her for as long as I wanted. I was so thankful to have her in my life. Even though I was nearly 21 years old, I wasn't emotionally prepared to live on my own. I needed to be taken care of and Mrs. Hartsell knew this all too well.
It was still very late at night when I calmed down. We had been awake for a few hours but it was still far too early to remain out of bed. Taking my small hand in hers, she led me back to the bedroom so we could get some rest. During all the nights I'd spent in her home, we'd always slept together in her large, queen-sized bed. She never allowed me to sleep on her couch, insisting there was plenty of room in bed with her.
Mrs. Hartsell had always been super nice. She was the kindest and most understanding person I'd ever met. While my mother had always been unhealthily thin due to her addictions, Mrs. Hartsell was the exact opposite. She towered over my petite height and bordered between being full-figured and voluptuous. Her immense breasts swelled wider than her already broad shoulders. Between her breasts and wide hips, her waist appeared thin, but it was a bit of an illusion. She was a substantial woman with the biggest heart imaginable.
That night, after we'd climbed back into bed, Mrs. Hartsell spooned me from behind like she always did. I could feel the warmth of her body through her knee-length, nylon nightgown. She held me in her large, strong arms and let me continue weeping until I ran out of tears. As I was falling back asleep, she whispered, restating what she'd already told me, "Don't worry about anything Sammy. You're going to live here with me and I'm going to take care of you."
I replied softly, "I love you, Mrs. Hartsell."
She kissed my cheek, which wasn't unusual, and whispered, "I love you too, Baby Boy."
Early the next morning, just as the sun was rising, I awoke before Mrs. Hartsell with a very stiff penis and the need to use the bathroom. As carefully as I could, I slipped out from her embrace and turned to make my way out of her bedroom. The room was dimly lit by the rising sun through the frilly curtains. I carefully made my way toward the door. Very suddenly, Mrs. Hartsell spoke in a playful tone, "I'm glad to see you're so happy you'll be living with me."
I quickly laid both my hands over my underpants to hide the tent my little erection was making in my underpants. In all the nights I'd spent with her, Mrs. Hartsell had never called attention to my morning arousal or my state of dress. I squeaked in a high pitch, "Mrs. Hartsell..." I never finished what I was going to say. When I looked back at her still lying in bed, I saw one of her gigantic breasts had nearly slipped free of her nightgown. I was able to see more than half of her nipple. The areola was the size of a large pancake! And the nub of her nipple was at least the size of a thimble!
She quickly learned where my attention was and adjusted her nightgown to protect her modesty. The sight I'd seen was so captivating, I didn't realize I stood there squeezing my penis, almost playing with myself right beside her bed.
With a grin on her face, after she'd covered her breast and sat upright, she said, "Why don't you go potty and then come back to bed. Neither of us got much sleep last night."
Biting my lower lip, I spun on my toes and left the room. After entering her bathroom, I shut the door but didn't bother locking it. The lock had never worked the entire time I'd been visiting her. I stood at the sink and looked at my reflection in the mirror. All thoughts of the night before and my mother were quickly fading. All I could think about was the breast I'd just seen. I stepped to the toilet, awkwardly relieved myself, and flushed. But even then, my little penis was still perfectly erect. I tried to think of anything that would make it go soft, but my thoughts returned to the very first breast I'd ever seen. I was just about to begin masturbating to make it go soft when I froze in place after hearing her voice.
From down the hall, Mrs. Hartsell called out to me, "Sammy, wash your hands and come back to bed."
She often spoke to me as if I were a fraction of my age. It was something I secretly enjoyed and I think she knew it. Doing as I'd been told, I quickly washed my hands with floral-scented soap and dried them on a nearby frilly, pink hand towel. Using one hand over my underpants to keep my erection hidden, I dashed down the hall and across the room, jumped back into bed, and quickly pulled the blankets up to cover myself.
As I rolled onto my side, facing away from her, Mrs. Hartsell moved in close and spooned me from behind. But instead of wrapping her arms around my body, she left one arm under my head and rested her other hand on my underpants-covered hip.
She whispered in my ear, "Sammy, I meant what I said last night. You're going to live with me now."
I squirmed back against her and whispered, "I know and I'm really glad. I don't know where else I would go." I felt my emotions begin to rise after recalling all that had occurred the night before.
But then something amazing happened. One of her fingers slipped under the waistband of my underpants and caressed my naked hip and my thoughts quickly focused on her touch.
She whispered, "Sweetheart, we need to go shopping today to get you a few things to wear."
I whimpered, praying that her finger remained right where it was. It was the first time anyone had touched my bare hip like that. It was wildly arousing. My little penis was throbbing in time to my rapidly beating heart.
When I felt her hand begin to move, I gasped and was ready to accept it was a fluke. But then she slipped her whole hand under the side of my underpants. Her large, soft hand was resting on the bare skin of my hip!
In a raspy whisper, she said, "Unless you wouldn't mind spending the day naked while I ran these underpants through the wash."
The touch of her hand and the words she spoke left me speechless. I squirmed back against her and continued to whimper softly.
Her lips brushed against my ear when she whispered, "Be a good boy and take these off for me."
I moaned softly while scooting forward enough that I could roll onto my back. I was never one to disobey. Mrs. Hartsell laid her big, soft arm over my stomach while I slid my underwear down my skinny legs. When I'd slid them off, I timidly asked, "Where should I put them?"
Mrs. Hartsell was letting her long fingernails drift over my naked stomach and chest. She whispered, "Drop them on the floor."
I slid them out from under the covers and dropped them on the floor as I'd been told. With that accomplished, I laid naked in a bed with Mrs. Hartsell and she was teasing my body with her fingernails.
She whispered, "Sammy, I know you've never had a girlfriend. And you told me once not long ago that you were a virgin. Is that still the case? Are you still a virgin?"
I whimpered softly while squirming beneath her touch, "Yes ma'am, I'm still a virgin."
She pinched my nipple and asked, "Sweetheart, is this the first time you've been naked with anyone?"
I moaned again, "Yes ma'am."
Her hand moved to my other nipple and pinched it, "That makes me a very lucky lady." She pinched my nipple again before asking, "Sammy, have you ever been kissed?"
My hips were squirming around and I was so horny, "No, ma'am. I've never been kissed, not really kissed."
She drew circles on my stomach with her fingernail and asked, "Why do you think that is Honey?"
I squirmed, "I don't know. I guess because I'm shy."
She giggled softly, "You're not shy with me."
I whimpered, "You're different. You're you. You're easy to talk to. You don't make fun of me or laugh at me."
She asked, "Why would anyone laugh at you?"
I squirmed close to her beneath the bedcovers and felt the goosebumps rise and fall like waves all over my body. But the goosebumps weren't at all due to the temperature in the room. "Because of my size. Because I still live with my mom. Because I look like I do."
She whispered, "You are a little small, but 5'2" isn't that short."
I squeaked, "I'm only 5 foot."
She smiled warmly, "And that's a bad thing?"
Snuggling even closer so the side of my face rested against her enormous, nightgown-covered breast. Biting my lower lip hard, I whispered, "You know. It happens when we're together. People think I'm in junior high or something. No one thinks I'm as old as I really am."
Her fingernails drifted lower across my stomach until she was tracing small circles around my belly button, "Sammy, Sweetheart, all of those things that worry you are the same things I like most about you. I love that you're so small. I love that you're often mistaken for my son when we're out."
I giggled while smushing my face against her big breast. "It's probably because we hold hands!"
Mrs. Hartsell rolled away for a brief moment while I continued to lay on my back. When she returned her touch to my bare stomach, she scooted close enough that her breast once again touched my face. Except this time, there wasn't a nightgown separating my face from her big boob.
I squeaked in a high pitch, "Mrs. Hartsell!"
She let her fingers drift up my naked body until her hand rested on the far side of my face. She gently guided me to turn my head toward her. I began to gently kiss all of the warm, soft flesh my lips could reach. She slipped her hand away from my face and adjusted her huge boob until her long, fat nipple brushed against my lips. I didn't hesitate before parting my plump lips and sucking her nipple into my mouth. Keeping my arms at my sides, not wanting to touch something she didn't want me to touch. I lay beside her and gently sucked on the huge nipple of her breast.
Mrs. Hartsell dragged her fingernails over my tingling flesh while doodling her way down my quivering body. "Sammy Honey, I love that you're so innocent. And Baby, I'll never take that innocence from you. I love that you've never been with a girl. I love that you've never been kissed. And I love that the last woman's hand you held was mine."
Her fingers had drifted low enough that she was tracing a big heart across my stomach and thighs, around my very excited penis. She whispered, "Sweetheart, I want to see you. I'm going to pull the covers down."
I shivered and sucked her fat nipple further into my mouth while she reached out and tossed the covers down the bed, off my naked body. No one had seen me naked before. No girl had seen me. I never took a shower in P.E. class in school. I couldn't remember ever being to a doctor. And even though I knew how to swim, I avoided it at all costs! I lay there and my back arched while my skinny, little penis flexed hard in response to my exposure.
Her eyes drifted over my body like a chilly breeze leaving goosebumps in their wake. She began to let her fingernails caress my chest. She whispered, "Sammy if I'd known you looked this cute without clothes, I would have had you sleeping with me naked all along."
Her fingernails drifted over my hairless chest and stomach. She let them wander further down and used the pad of her fingers to tease the sides of my pubic mound. She whispered, "I love your soft, peach fuzz down here. Being so wispy and such a light blonde color, I almost thought you shaved. But this is just the way you are, isn't it?"
I squeaked, "Yes ma'am."
While guiding my lips back to her nipple, she whispered, "Sammy, I'm going to touch you now."
After my lips had latched onto her nipple, she let her fingernails drift slowly down my body while I squirmed in the bed beside her. When her finger passed my belly button, she lifted it off of me. I didn't feel her touch again until the pad of her finger came to gently rest on the underside of my anxious penis just below the soft pink, squishy, gumdrop of a head.
It was the very first time anyone had touched me like that. I thrust my hips up and she pulled her finger away. When I calmed down a little, she touched her finger to that spot again. My body reacted in the same manner, my hips jumped up off the bed. Like before, Mrs. Hartsell removed her touch. She again waited until I'd calmed down before touching me again.
That third time, her nipple slipped from my lips and I looked up into her eyes. I forced myself to keep from thrusting against her touch. She whispered, "Good boy. Stay still and let me take care of my sweet, little Sammy."
It felt like a dream while I lay there, breathing heavily, feeling sensations I'd never felt before. Lifting my head from the pillow, I looked down and saw the pad of Mrs. Hartsell's first finger resting against the neck of my little penis. My little, pale penis looked positively tiny beside her long, thick, index finger.
When my head fell back onto the pillow, Mrs. Hartsell asked, "Are you ready, Baby Boy?"
I began to ask, 'Ready for what?', but she began to slide her finger around on that magical place on the underside of my penis just below the head. My eyes popped open wide and my mouth fell open, but no sounds came out. I squeezed the sheet with my fists and my penis throbbed hard under her gentle touch.
She whispered, "Does that feel good, Sammy?"
Still unable to form words, I nodded my head up and down quickly.
She grinned while looking down at me and teasingly asked, "Do you want me to stop?"
My back arched as I shook my head from side to side quickly.
She kept grinning when she asked, "Do you want me to keep doing this until you squirt?"
I nodded my head and managed to squeak, "Yes please!"
My back began arching and relaxing. I fought to keep myself from thrusting my hips against her touch, not wanting to take the chance of her stopping.
Her eyes wandered over my body as it quivered under her touch. She grinned and whispered, "You have got such a cute, little body. You're just adorable." She never used more than the pad of that finger. Sometimes she slid it around in circles, other times she slid it up and down, but she never touched anywhere else except that small area just beneath the pink head of my penis.
The feelings were quickly building inside of me. My hips began to grind and I squeezed the bedcovers even tighter in my fists. I chirped, "Mrs. Hartsell!"
She never stopped moving her finger. She whispered, "I know Baby. It's okay. I'm right here. Let it go."
A very high-pitched squeal left my lips just before my penis let out a very big glob of its creamy love. Mrs. Hartsell kept rubbing that same spot until an even larger blob of my cream leaked out, adding to the puddle on my stomach.
The orgasm was nothing like it was when I played with myself. When I was alone, those orgasms were different, they were rushed and quick. With Mrs. Hartsell, they were slow, gentle, and lovely. When I was alone, my penis shot out its cream in long lines up my chest. With Mrs. Hartsell, my cream oozed out in big globs. When I'd finished by myself, my penis went soft very quickly. With Mrs. Hartsell, it remained stiff even after she'd teased out the last few drips from inside. I felt like I wanted to do it all over again, almost like I didn't squirt at all.
I lay there naked beside Mrs. Hartsell. The cream on my stomach was beginning to run down my sides while my penis remained perfectly rigid. For the first time since I'd rolled onto my back, I moved my hands. I cupped them against my sides to keep the cream from dripping onto the bed.
Mrs. Hartsell didn't say a word. She was smiling while her eyes wandered over my body.
I whispered, "That felt so good Mrs. Hartsell."
She whispered back, "I'm glad you enjoyed it. Because they will all be like that with me."
I blushed and asked, "We're going to do it again?"
She kissed the tip of my nose and whispered, "Oh yes. That isn't something we can only do once."
I squirmed beneath her and whispered, "Thank you, Mrs. Hartsell."
She grinned and whispered, "You're so cute. But you need to get cleaned up before you make a mess!"
I wiggled out of bed, moving my hands around, trying to catch any drips of my cream that ran down my body. Tiptoeing out of her bedroom and down the hall to the bathroom. From where Mrs. Hartsell lay in bed, she could see me and catcalled, "Cute little butt!"
I wiggled my butt the rest of the way down the hall until I stood at the toilet, pulled off several sheets of toilet tissue and began wiping myself clean. I'd just begun wiping up my mess when she called from the bedroom, "Sammy, why don't you take a quick shower."
I called back to her, "Okay!"
After wiping up most of my mess, I went pee again and flushed the toilet. Reaching into the shower stall, I adjusted the water until it was just right. Stepping inside and closing the clear glass door, I stood beneath the warm water and let it rain down on my body. Picking up the pink bottle of herbal shampoo, I filled my palm and washed my hair. With my eyes squeezed closed, I tilted my head back and rinsed away the suds.
Mrs. Hartsell had seen me naked! She had touched my penis! She had rubbed it until it spurted! Why hadn't we ever done that before in all the nights I'd spent at her trailer in her bed? I briefly considered asking her that question when I stepped from the shower. But my mind quickly wandered elsewhere and I soon forgot about my intention to ask. That happened a lot to me. My mind would drift and I would soon forget what I'd been thinking about earlier.
When I stepped out from under the water and wiped the drops from my eyes, I saw Mrs. Hartsell had opened the shower stall door and stood there watching me wash! She had covered her nightgown with her knee-length robe.
Until that night, no one had seen me naked before. Now Mrs. Hartsell stood there looking at me while I washed in her shower.
She grinned and said, "I couldn't resist coming to watch."
There was something about the way she looked at me. There was no judgment. She loved every part of my body. The same body I'd been so self-conscience about for so long.
I giggled while stepped back under the water and dancing around a little. When I stepped back out from under the spray, she was smiling brightly and watching my every move. I stretched up to get the body wash off the shelf. After filling my hand, I set the bottle on the floor and began washing my body while Mrs. Hartsell watched closely. Being watched urged me to wash well. I scrubbed every inch of my body before I stepped back under the spray and rinsed.
Only when I'd finished and turned off the water did Mrs. Hartsell step back and get a towel. She held it open for me and wrapped it around my body when I stepped into it. I stood by passively while she dried me off. Before hanging up the towel, she looked down at my body. While staring at my little penis, she said, "I can't believe that little thing is still stiff."
I giggled and shook my hips making my penis wave at her. With the towel hung up, she took hold of my hand and led me back to her bedroom. It was still early and we were both still tired. She had tidied up. The bed had been straightened and the covers turned down. As I walked around to my side of the bed, I found the underpants I'd been wearing were no longer on the floor.
Mrs. Hartsell knew what I'd seen and said, "I didn't realize how worn your underpants were. I tossed them out. We'll find you something appropriate to wear later."
I giggled, "So I guess I'll be naked until then?"
She smiled and said, "That's the idea."
As I slid back into bed, I blushed while I said, "I sort of like being naked with you."
Mrs. Hartsell removed her robe and climbed onto the mattress and her weight caused me to roll back toward her. She turned off the lamp before we rolled around on the bed until she was spooning me from behind. In the darkness, Mrs. Hartsell held me close, but her hands were nowhere near my penis. I squirmed a little, trying to get her hand to touch me again without having to ask.
In a soft voice, I asked, "Mrs. Hartsell, would you please touch me again?"
She whispered, "Not now Sweetheart. Go to sleep."
My mind ran wild with images of Mrs. Hartsell touching my body. My penis was throbbing and I was pretty sure it was leaking a little too. While laying there in the darkness in Mrs. Hartsell's embrace with her giant breast against the back of my neck, I whispered, "Mrs. Hartsell, I'm really horny."
She whispered back, "I know you are Baby. But you need to settle down and go to sleep now."
After a few minutes, I whispered, "Mrs. Hartsell, I can't settle down."
She chuckled softly, "Sweetheart, what have I told you?"
I whispered, "Mrs. Hartsell?" She was getting annoyed but I needed to tell her one last thing.
"Yes, Sammy?"
I squeaked, "I love you."
Her tone softened when she whispered, "I love you too, Honey."
I lay there in the darkness being held in Mrs. Hartsell's arms for a very long time before I drifted back off to sleep.
After peeling my eyes open later that morning, I stretched my arms above my head. Having spent the night so often with Mrs. Hartsell, I wasn't at all surprised to wake up in her bedroom. But when the memories of all that had occurred the night before flooded my mind, I quickly lifted the covers and was beyond excited to see I was naked! It hadn't been a dream! The memories of my mother abandoning me weren't nearly as worrisome now that I knew I'd be staying with Mrs. Hartsell.
Sliding out of bed, I didn't run out of the room right away, I made the bed first. Only then did I tiptoe down the hall to the bathroom. I almost closed the door, but after the night before, I decided to leave it wide open while I went pee with a stiff penis, washed my face, hands and brushed my teeth. With the memory of Mrs. Hartsell rubbing me with her fingertip on my mind, I couldn't stop grinning as I made my way down the hall to find her. She was standing at the sink washing a dish, dressed and ready for the day. I stood near the table, naked with a stiff penis, and waited patiently for her to notice me. When she turned and saw me, a smile appeared on her face.
She crossed the room with heavy steps, playfully patted my bottom, and said, "Go sit down at the table and I'll fix you a bowl of cereal."
I dashed across the room and sat my bare bottom down on a chair. While she prepared my breakfast, she began, "Sammy, Honey, after breakfast, we're going to the thrift store to find you a few things to wear."
Biting my lip and squirming on the chair, I whimpered, "But, I don't have any clothes. What am I going to wear to the thrift store?"
After setting the bowl of cereal in front of me, she scruffed up my hair with her hand and said, "Don't worry about that. I'll find something that will show off your cute little figure for a change." She then excused herself to decide what I'd wear for the day.
Mrs. Hartsell and I often went to thrift stores together. In the past, she'd teased me about buying me juvenile-looking clothes and sometimes clothes more suited for a girl. A shiver shot up my spine that morning at the breakfast table when I briefly considered no longer objecting to her suggestions.
While I sat there eating my cereal, my penis was throbbing and at one point I almost reached under the table and touched it. But I had a feeling Mrs. Hartsell would not be pleased to find me touching myself. So I picked up my bowl, washed it in the sink, and then raced back to Mrs. Hartsell's bedroom. She turned as I entered the room and had a huge grin on her face.
Mrs. Hartsell said, "Just in time." Turning to the dresser, she picked up a white garment and handed it to me. When my fingers touched the fabric, I quickly learned it was not a material I usually wore. Letting the pile of material unfold from my fingers before my eyes, I gasped. It was a white pair of Mrs. Hartsell's 'granny panties'!
Her grin widened when she said, "Put them on Sweetheart."
Not wanting to disappoint her after what had occurred the night before, I held the giant panties open and stepped into them. I pulled them up my legs and they kept coming and coming! They were all the way up to my armpits and still weren't snug against my bottom!
She smiled down at me. Taking a safety pin in her hand, she pulled the waist of the panty over my shoulder so the panty began to slip between my cheeks, and pinned it in place. She did the same on my other shoulder too. The leg openings were enormous and left my sides bare well above my hips. Mrs. Hartsell undid the pins to readjust the fit. When she was done, the enormous panty was pulled up snugly between my cheeks and pulled tightly over my stiff penis and little marbles.
Mrs. Hartsell had the biggest smile I'd ever seen on her face. She sounded thrilled when she said, "Oh Sammy! You look so cute!"
I stood there looking up at her, I nervously slipped my hands and forearms through the leg openings of the panty and held them across my bare stomach. I was about to ask her if she had anything else I could wear. But she leaned down and from the floor of her closet, she pulled out a pair of white flip-flops and dropped them at my feet. I must've left them at her home at one time or another.
After I'd stepped into them, she walked me to the living room, stepped back, and took a long look at me. "Sammy, I've wanted to dress you like this for so long! You look so cute! The ladies at the thrift store are going to love you!"
There was a distinctive whine in my voice when I said, "Mrs. Hartsell? Do I have to go out like this?"
She grinned and said, "Yes, of course, you do."
Without a moment to lose, she handed me her huge purse. I seemed to always be carrying her purse when we went out together. She took a firm hold of my free hand and opened her front door. I was trying to catch my breath as we stepped out into the sunshine. She closed and locked her door while I stood there hiding behind her purse. Walking down the metal steps, I felt the hot, humid air against my body. With every small step I took, her big panty slid over my body in a way that made my penis throb all the more. She opened the passenger door of her huge, full-sized car. I quickly jumped inside thankful not to be standing out in the open anymore. Mrs. Hartsell walked around the car and sat down in the driver's seat which made the whole car tilt to her side.
I wanted to complain and tell her I needed more clothes. I'd never been so exposed in public before! But she'd played with my body for the first time the night before. I didn't want to upset our new relationship. So I sat there and kept her big purse in my lap, hiding behind it.
After starting the engine, she looked at me as if everything was normal and asked, "Are you ready to go shopping, Sammy?"
My voice cracked when I stuttered, "I-I-I guess so."
The drive to the thrift store went by quickly and silently. She parked quite a long way from the door even though almost every other space in the lot was available. It was a Tuesday morning in the middle of the month, I was thankful there wouldn't be many people shopping today.
After climbing out of the car, Mrs. Hartsellf walked around to my side and opened the door. I timidly set my flip-flop on the ground and leaned out to see if anyone was watching. Seeing no one other than the cars passing by in the street behind us, I rose out of the car, holding the purse across the front of my body. She took my free hand and together we walked across the parking lot to the doors of the thrift store. Before we entered, Mrs. Hartsell took her purse and left me standing there in only her big panty.
As we stepped into the store, the pair of ladies at the cash register stared at me with wide eyes. They knew us and we knew them. Beth, a large lady in her fifties said, "Well hello there you two! Is that little Sammy dressed up so cute today?"
Mrs. Hartsell stepped back so I was in full view of the ladies. I tried to cover myself, but I couldn't. It was silly to try. It was impossible to hide the fact that I was wearing a full-figured woman's panty and nothing else. as I looked up at the two ladies through shame-filled eyes, I found they weren't laughing at all. They were both looking at me the same way Mrs. Hartsell looked at me.
When the other woman, Sara asked me to step closer so she could get a better look. Sara was in her 40's and not quite as full-figured as her co-worker. I glanced back to Mrs. Hartsell to make sure it was okay. With her nod, I stepped forward and when prompted, turned around in a slow circle for them. Both Sara and Beth were very complimentary of how I looked. And those compliments helped to relax me a little. I even wiggled my bottom when it faced them. And with the panties pulled all the way up between my cheeks, the globes of my cheeks were left bare for them to see.
Mrs. Hartsell took my hand and told the ladies they'd had their fun, we had shopping to do. She collected a shopping cart and set her purse inside. She pushed it toward the ladies' clothes and I followed along behind her, wiggling my bottom as I went. She walked directly to the panties. I stood beside her while she sorted through them. She eventually pulled out two, similar in size to the pair I wore, only they were a soft purple and a soft pink. Both were made of really thin material with a lot more lacey trim.
She held up the enormous panties and asked, "Purple or pink?"
I looked at both of them and whimpered, "I don't know."
She tossed the purple pair in the cart and laid the pink pair over the cart's handle. Reaching out she began to undo the safety pin on my shoulder. She had it off before I was able to squeak, "Mrs. Hartsell! I should use a changing room!"
She shook her head. "Nonsense. We're the only people here today." She made quick work of the other safety pin which left my hands being the only thing holding the panty on my body. She glared down at me and said in an unusually firm tone, "Sammy, take that off right now."
Glancing around quickly, reconfirming the only other people in the store were Beth and Sara and they were at the front of the store. Biting my lip, looking up at Mrs. Hartsell, I let the panty slide down my body, after stepping out of it, I handed it to her. I stood naked in a thrift store! My little penis was aching and stiff as a pencil. After folding the panty I'd been wearing, she handed me the big pink panties. Stepping into them quickly and pulling them up over my body, I was thrilled to be covered again. But when I glanced to the nearby mirror, I learned the panty I wore could easily be seen through. There wasn't a part of my body that wasn't on display. The lacey trim over my sides and across my chest made me shiver and my little penis throbbed hard!
While I stood there passively, Mrs. Hartsell hiked them up between my cheeks and pulled them taut over my little penis before pinning them over my shoulders.
She stepped back and got a good look at me before saying, "Sammy, run and ask Beth and Sara what they think."
I almost asked her if I had to, but stopped myself. Mrs. Hartsell was a nice lady, but she had little tolerance for back-talk. I slowly turned around and began taking small steps toward the front of the store while Mrs. Hartsell went about her shopping. It took me a long time to get to the front of the store. When I did finally step away from the racks of clothes, both women at the register stopped talking and almost froze while I took small steps in their direction. The pink panty covered my body almost like a one-piece girls' swimsuit would. The big differences were was the panty was lacey, see thru and left my sides bare closer to my armpits than my hips.
I stepped to the counter they stood behind and held my hands over my throbbing penis before saying, "Um, I'm supposed to ask you two what you think of what I'm wearing."
Sara looked like she was about to faint. Beth gawked at me and said, "Move your hands so we can get a good look, Honey."
My stomach was doing somersaults and my eyes dropped to the floor when I slowly lowered my hands away from my skinny, little penis that was pushing against the thin material of the panty. I felt ill and dizzy, I knew both Sara and Beth could see my body through the panty. I had nothing to hide behind.
Beth's voice sounded ragged when she said, "Turn around. Let us see the back."
I lifted my arms away from my sides and slowly turned around in a circle. Beth said, "It's perfect. You look adorable."
When I had turned enough that I once again faced them, I bit my lower lip and raised my eyes to look at them. Just like before, they were looking at me with desire in their eyes. And that look made my little penis throb while I stood there wearing a giant, see-thru, granny panty.
Sara finally spoke up, "It's on the house!"
I looked at her a little confused. Not sure what she meant.
She wagged her finger at me while she said, "That looks so perfect on your cute little body, I'm not going to let you pay for it. There is no charge."
I laced my fingers behind my back and giggled, "Really?" No one had ever given me anything from a store like that before.
Both women approached where I stood while Sara smiled and said, "Yes really. Let me undo those pins so we can keep it here at the register for you."
I was about to back away when Beth stepped in from behind. While Sara undid one pin, Beth did the other. They worked together and in the blink of an eye, the panty had been removed from my body and I stood before them naked.
I suppose it was the way they were looking at me, I didn't rush away. I stood there with one hand over my penis. My voice was squeaky, "I guess I should get back. I'll tell Mrs. Hartsell about the free panty."
After I'd turned away, I lowered my hand and flip-flopped down the aisle toward where I'd left Mrs. Hartsell. Just before I turned around the rack of clothes that would block my view of the two ladies, I looked over my shoulder and found they were both still staring at me with big grins on their faces.
When I found Mrs. Hartsell, she immediately asked, "Sammy Dear, where did your panty go?"
Just after I'd explained the whole thing to her, Sara and Beth came walking toward us from the front of the store. Maybe it had something to do with standing beside Mrs. Hartsell, but I did not attempt to cover myself. I smiled at them brightly and left my stiff little penis out for both of them to see.
Beth confirmed all I had said. Then Sara told Mrs. Hartsell it had been slow that day so they'd decided to lock up, but we were free to shop as long as we wanted.
After a little more small talk, Mrs. Hartsell had me try on the purple panty she'd picked out and everyone approved of how it looked. But the safety pins were at the front of the store so the panty was removed and I was left to walk the store naked.
Both Sara and Beth walked the aisles with us. That day, we walked up and down every aisle in the store, some of them twice. Mrs. Hartsell pulled several articles of clothing from the racks and helped me try them on. All three ladies would discuss how I looked while I posed for them. Some pieces were returned to the rack while the others were put in our cart.
Sometime during that shopping trip, Beth pulled a pair of denim short-shorts from the rack and asked Mrs. Hartsell what she thought. Mrs. Hartsell glanced at me, smiled, and then returned her attention to Beth and suggested she help me try them on. When Beth turned to face me, she had the happiest look on her face. She knelt before me and held the little shorts open. Sara stood right behind Beth and watched as I braced myself against her shoulders, stepped out of my flip-flop, and slipped my barefoot through the shorts before stepping back into my flip-flop. When both my feet were through the shorts, Beth let her gaze linger on my rigid and leaking penis. She was so close I could feel her warm breath on my most sensitive part and I felt like the sexiest boy alive.
Beth remained on her knees while wiggling the shorts up my legs. When the shorts were just below my little penis, she didn't hesitate. She touched my skinny, pale penis gently with her finger and guided it away from the inch-long zipper on the shorts. A soft squeak slipped through my lips and my hips squirmed as she touched me.
No one had touched my penis in 21 years! And now two separate women had touched in less than 24 hours. I was dizzy with desire and loving all the attention.
After Beth had the shorts pulled up with the zipper and button closed, she stood up and moved back beside Sara. Mrs. Hartsell stepped in beside them. All three women looked me up and down, I could almost feel their eyes on my tingling skin. I turned around when asked to do so and even wiggled my bottom for them.
Sara was the first to say she didn't think it was the right look for me. Mrs. Hartsell agreed. Beth simply nodded her head while kneeling in front of me and popping the button open and lowering the zipper. I braced myself against her shoulders while she wiggled them off my hips and down my legs. After I'd stepped out of them, I stood naked before the three women once again. Before we began walking down the aisle, Sara reached out and took my hand in hers!
Toward the end of that aisle, Sara stopped everyone while picking up a bikini from the rack. Without addressing Mrs. Hartsell, she knelt and helped me into the bottoms. Like Beth, she used her finger to adjust my penis under the bikini. I whimpered softly and saw Mrs. Hartsell smiling proudly at me. Sara then leaned in closer and reached around to my back. She fondled my bottom while pulling the bikini out from between my cheeks.
Before she had a chance to put the top of the bikini on my body, Mrs. Hartsell shook her head slowly and told the ladies she didn't think it was the right look for me. After looking at me for a few moments, the other ladies agreed. Sara reached under the bikini and with a single finger, she held my little hard-on against my stomach while slowly lowering the bikini.
After the bikini had been returned to the rack, Sara took one of my hands and Beth took the other. We shopped our way down the aisle with Mrs. Hartsell alongside us.
Close to the front of the store, Beth and Sara began sorting through a rack while I moved to Mrs. Hartsell's side. I looked up at her and whispered that I needed to tell her something. She bent down so I could whisper in her ear.
In my softest whisper, "Mrs. Hartsell, I'm really, really horny."
She whispered back in my ear, "I know, Baby. But you'll have to wait a little longer. We're almost done here."
Smiling up at her, I was thrilled she was going to touch me again like she had the night before. Mrs. Hartsell looked down at me and smiled warmly while glancing between my eyes and my rigid penis.
Sara and Beth turned away from the rack, each holding something for me to try on. Sara moved the quickest and I soon found myself wearing a bright yellow, one-piece swimsuit with big ruffles across the seat she'd picked for me. Everyone stepped back and I knew they all loved it by the looks on their faces.
After Sara had stripped me naked and placed the swimsuit in the cart, Beth moved in and helped me to step into the pink leotard with long sleeves. After it was stretched onto my body, she stood and up and pulled down a mass of ruffles from on top of the rack. Kneeling before me again, she held open the ruffles and I stepped into it. Beth adjusted the tutu around my hips until she had it where she wanted it. She was grinning like crazy when she stood up and moved back with the other lades to get a good look. Both Sara and Beth looked pleased.
Mrs. Hartsell was slowly shaking her head. "No, there is something wrong." She moved in and quickly removed the tutu and leotard leaving me naked and throbbing. She then stretched the tutu around my hips again, without the leotard. All three ladies said it was their favorite of the day. Sara was clapping and giggling while staring at me.
The tutu was a mass of pink ruffles that managed to keep my penis and bottom concealed, but just barely. When I shook my hips, I could feel the weight of the ruffles moving with me. It was unlike anything I'd worn before and deep down inside, I was a little sad when Mrs. Hartsell had Sara help me take it off.
Naked once again, Sara and Beth held my hands while we wandered down the last aisle. We followed Mrs. Hartsell as she led us across the back of the store and down the far side to the front corner of the building by footwear. She sat down on the little bench people sat on to try on shoes. We weren't far from the counter Beth and Sara were standing behind when we entered the store.
As soon as she was comfortable, Mrs. Hartsell held out her hand in my direction. "Come here, Sweetheart." I flip-flopped away from Sara and Beth and took the offered hand. When she pulled me onto her lap, I immediately knew what she was going to do. I threw my arms around her neck and buried my face against her shoulder. In a soft, squeaky voice, I asked, "Here?"
Her response came immediately, "Yes, here." And she laid the pad of her finger on the underside of my drooling penis just below its pink crown. I didn't look, but I knew Sara and Beth had moved in close and were looking down at me being teased my Mrs. Hartsell's finger.
I almost screamed when I heard the front door rattle. I buried my face harder against Mrs. Hartsell's shoulder. Sara muttered, "Fuck!" I heard her footsteps moving away until she turned the lock on the door and barked at whoever was out there. "We're closed!" Before slamming the door and locking it again. I listened to her footsteps racing back toward us. When she paused not far away, I pulled my face away from the shoulder and looked to see Sara collecting a box of tissues from near the register before racing back to the three of us.
Mrs. Hartsell spoke in a soft voice, "Sammy Sweetie, I'm going to start moving my finger now."
I quickly chirped, "Okay!"
She smiled and went on to say, "While I do, I want you to keep your eyes open. I want you to look at me for a little bit, then at Sara, and then at Beth. I want you to always be looking at one of us. Do you understand, Honey?"
I squeaked, "Yes ma'am. I understand."
While staring into her eyes, Mrs. Hartsell began rubbing, ever-so-gently, up and down in that small space where the head of my penis ended, before the little shaft began on the bottom side along the scar from my circumcision. I whimpered softly and bit my lower lip.
Mrs. Hartsell whispered, "You have been such a good boy today. I'm so proud of you."
I whimpered while my back arched and my penis flexed. Mrs. Hartsell removed her finger until I'd calmed down. Before starting again, she said, "Honey, I want you to look at Sara. I want you to tell her how much fun you've had here today."
As I turned away from Mrs. Hartsell, Sara knelt near my hip and Beth knelt by my knee. Looking into Sara's eyes, I was about to start talking when that finger began to slide up and down on that magical spot on my penis. I gasped and squirmed with my eyes closed as I rode the wave of pleasure. While in the throes of arousal, Beth removed my flip-flops, leaving me completely naked and being fondled in the presence of three grown women.
Before Mrs. Hartsell had a chance to correct me for failing to do as I'd been told, I opened my eyes and stared into Sara's. "I had a really good time here with you today. It was a lot more fun than I thought it was going to be."
Her expression was filled with kindness, understand, and little concern. "Were you worried about Beth and I seeing you in the outfit you were wearing?"
I managed to keep my eyes open and looking into Sara's as I chirped, "Yes."
She smiled warmly and said, "You had nothing to worry about. No, you didn't. We both think you look adorable."
Mrs. Hartsell removed her finger again when my body began to tremble on her lap. My penis was rigid and so desperate to squirt. I moaned and writhed on her lap until the danger of orgasm had passed.
Mrs. Hartsell whispered, "Honey, now I need you to look at Beth. I want you to tell her the favorite outfit we picked out for you today." She paused for a moment while I stared into her eyes. "I'll start touching after you've looked at Beth and started talking."
I swallowed as I looked at Beth. She was smiling at me, but not in a mean way. She had the same look that both Sara and Mrs. Hartsell got when they looked at me. Taking a deep breath, I parted my lips and got a single syllable out before the finger touched my penis. I whimpered and squirmed across her lap for only a second or two. Staring into Beth's eyes, I began to speak in a soft voice, "Of everything we picked out today. I like the big pink panties the most. Those were the first thing I tried on. When you saw me come to the front of the store... The way you looked at me..." My body was tingling all over. My little penis was throbbing wildly and I was having a really hard time concentrating.
Mrs. Hartsell stopped moving her finger and whispered, "Calm down Honey. Finish telling Beth what you want to say."
After taking a moment to calm myself, I looked at Beth and said, "I really liked the way you looked at me. You told me I looked cute. And then you both took it off of me." My eyes darted between both Beth and Sara, "I had the best time today. Thank you."
Mrs. Hartsell began rubbing again. I squirmed on her lap while Sara and Beth began telling me things. I lost track of who said what. But they told me I was welcome in their store any time. They hoped I'd continue coming in wearing cute outfits. They both told me it had been a wonderful day for them too and they couldn't wait for my next visit.
The feelings inside my body began to bubble over. Looking up into Mrs. Hartsell's eyes, my mouth fell open and I inhaled deeply. I held that breath while my body spasmed for a second before all my muscles went taut. A high-pitched squeak left my lips followed by several chirps that sounded like a bird was in the building. My penis throbbed hard and a big dollop of my pearly cream oozed from the pink head. My fists tightened and my toes curled when my penis flexed hard and line of my love shot out onto my stomach, almost reaching my belly button.
All three women began to talk amongst themselves, but it sounded like a foreign language. The orgasm was so intense and powerful, I couldn't have remembered my name. I twitched and spasmed as my penis kept oozing out drips of my cream. Mrs. Hartsell kept gently rubbing even after the last bit had oozed out. My little penis continued to throb and never softened.
I was dizzy and felt like I was floating even after my orgasm had come to its end. I lay across Mrs. Hartsell's lap limply. Sara pulled several tissues from the box she'd collected earlier. Mrs. Hartsell gave her permission to wipe me clean after she asked for permission. Beth was eager to help. Soon both ladies were wiping up the creamy mess I'd made of myself. They kept wiping even after I was clean and dry.
When I was able to stand, Beth and Sara held my hands as we made our way to the register at the front of the store. While they pulled everything out of the cart, it all went directly into a bag. Sara refused to accept payment. Mrs. Hartsell tried to insist, but she was having none of it.
While that was going on, Beth had gathered the pink panty I'd worn to the front of the store along with the safety pins. She helped to dress me and pin the panty in place over my shoulders. With the panty pulled up between my cheeks, leaving them exposed along with much of my back.
She patted my cheeks with her big, open palm and asked, "Sammy, do you promise to come to see me again?"
I giggled, "Yes, I promise!"
She smiled brightly and said, "Good. Next time I'm going to put you in a cute little dress and heels!"
I bit my lower lip and my hips squirmed away from her. She leaned in and kissed my cheek before taking my hand to lead me toward the register where Mrs. Hartsell and Sara were finishing up.
Both ladies walked us to the door and unlocked it for us. Before we starting walking toward the car, Beth leaned down and kissed my cheek again while sliding her hand under the panty in the back and held my bare bottom in her hand. Sara then stepped up and did the same thing.
My little penis was drooling by the time Mrs. Hartsell took my hand we began walking toward her car. She carried her purse on her shoulder and the shopping bags in that same hand. She kept a grip on my hand with her other while we walked along. I heard several car horns honk, but thought nothing of it. Not until we'd gotten to Mrs. Hartsell's car did she remind me the panty I wore was see-thru!
I had walked across a parking lot by a frequently used street wearing only giant granny panties that were see-thru! I screeched and tried to cover up with my hands. Three car horns blew at almost the same time. A man leaned out the window of his car and yelled something.
I kept close to Mrs. Hartsell's side while she put the shopping bags in the trunk. She then walked to my side of the car and let me in. She looked at me squirming in the passengers' seat while walking around to the drivers' side. After she'd sat and the car leaned toward her side, she looked at me and my stiff penis sitting beside her.
She grinned and asked, "Did you have fun, Sweetie?"