I'd walked to the local bar with a couple of friends, and was busy chatting up Clare, the barmaid, when Sue appeared. She said she was there with Dave, her boyfriend, and suggested I come and say "hi". Clare seemed to want me to stay and chat, but Sue was pretty insistent, so I said I'd talk to Clare later, and wandered over to Sue's table.
"Hi Dave," I said, "how's it going? I haven't seen you since Steve and Hannah's wedding."
I smiled a little, knowing I'd spent part of that night banging his girlfriend, but she kicked me in the ankle.
"I'm fine, thanks," he said, and suggested I join them.
"I'm actually with some friends," I said, looking around to see my friends at the pinball table. I pointed them out.
"I didn't realize you were a pinball wizard," he said.
"I'm not," I said, "that's why I chat up the barmaids."
I watched an angry look flit across Sue's face for a split second.
"Don't you have a girlfriend then?" he said.
"Not at the moment," I said. "There's this chick I see from time to time, and let me tell you, she's fucking crazy."
Sue glared at me.
"Really?" he said, "how so?"
"She's an exhibitionist," I said, "and she really likes dick. You wouldn't believe the things I've watched her do."
He chortled away, hugging Sue to him, "I don't know if I could deal with somebody like that. I'm so lucky I have you, my dear."
"Yeah," I said, "maybe I should get a real girlfriend for a change."
"Will you help me get a round in?" Sue asked me.
"Sure," I said, "I'll go and see if the guys want anything."
I walked over to the pinball table and told them I'd got collared by Sue, and asked them if they wanted anything to drink. They both said they were fine, and waved at Sue.
I joined her at the bar, and Clare came over and smiled sweetly at me, and took our order. Sue smiled back at her, like we were all great friends.
While we waited, I looked at Sue. She was in a sleek button up dress and high heels with straps around her ankles, with some make-up on.
"I didn't realize this was date night," I said, "I'll just drink my Coke here at the bar and let you two get back to it."
"Nonsense," she said, "I was hoping to run into you."
"Really?" I asked. "Are you wearing panties?"
"Well, yes," she said.
"Then you weren't hoping to see me, you were going out with Dave."
"Do you want me to take them off?" she asked.
"Sure," I said.
"I'll just go to the ladies room," she said.
"We both know you could do it here," I said.
The bar was pretty busy, and Dave could see us over the people sitting between him and the bar. He couldn't see much further down than our shoulders though.
Sue faced the bar, undid a button or two on her dress and reached through to start pulling her panties down. It didn't work, so she ended up undoing another one, and then she got a good start on it. She jiggled from side to side, working them down her thighs. She bent down to take them the last bit down her legs and step out of them, and reached up towards me with them in her hand. I took them from her, and helped her stand up straight again, when she redid the buttons on her dress.
Clare arrived with the drinks, and I asked her to put them on my tab, stuffing the black thong in my pocket.
We carried the drinks over to the table with Dave.
We chatted about nothing in particular for a bit, and then Dave went to the bathroom.
Sue and I stared at each other without saying anything for a while.
"I think you should take off your bra, and undo a couple of buttons on that dress," I said.
"I'm not sure that's a good idea," she said, just as Dave got back and sat down.
"Well," I said, "I should probably leave you lovebirds to it."
"Don't be silly," Sue said, "I almost never get to see you. Let me just go and powder my nose, and we'll get another round in."
She grabbed her purse and headed off to the ladies room.
Dave and I made more small talk.
When she came back, I could tell she wasn't wearing her bra by the way her tits moved, and she'd undone the two buttons at the neck.
Dave noticed the buttons though.
"Are you OK?" he said, "you've got a couple of buttons undone."
"I'm fine," she said, "it's just a little hot in here."
"I think it looks great," I said, "maybe you should undo a couple more buttons."
She glared at me a second, then said "you really think so?"
I nodded. She undid another button, so the undone buttons went to the top of her tits. Anymore, and he'd know she wasn't wearing a bra. I saw her lean in a little, and assumed she was undoing the bottom button.
"Let's get another drink," she said, grabbing our empties and heading to the bar. I got up and followed her, standing next to her while we waited. She reached over and felt my dick through my jeans, running her hand up and down its length. Clare came right over as I was feeling Sue's front to see if she had undone a button. I'd hoped for a longer wait for service, but we ordered and stood there, chatting. Sue faced me, and I undid the buttons over her pussy, reaching in to find her completely shaved again. I gently rubbed her clit a couple of times before she pulled my hand out and did the buttons up again. Our drinks arrived, and we carried them over to the table.
Dave said he'd like to go and watch, and maybe even play, pinball. We all got up and wandered over to the guys. I introduced them to Dave, and stood and watched them play. Sue excused herself to go and talk to some other people she knew. Dave didn't seem to be too bad at pinball - better than me, at any rate.
Dave was playing when my phone buzzed with an incoming text message. It was from Sue, and had a picture of her in her lingerie standing in the middle of the men's room. I looked up to make sure the others, and Dave specifically, hadn't seen it, but they were focused on the game.
"I've got to go and see somebody about something," I said, and headed off towards the men's room.
There were a couple of guys at the urinals when I went in, so I went to wash my hands. I was standing at the sinks washing my hands when I saw one of the stalls open slightly in the mirror, and what had to be Sue peeking out. The guys were still pissing, so I went over and opened the door of the stall, and joined her. She'd taken her dress off, so was standing in her stockings and garter belt. She pulled me to her for a kiss as I locked the door behind me.
She sat down on the toilet, and unbuttoned my jeans, pulling them down enough to get my dick out. She ran her tongue all around the head and up and down the shaft before she went down on me properly. It didn't take long before I was cumming in her mouth. She tucked my dick back in my jeans, and redid the buttons. I grabbed her dress and put it over my shoulder, unlocked the door and stepped out into the main bathroom. I was standing washing my hands, and there were a couple of guys in there. Sue opened the door and walked over to me.
"Can I have my dress back?"
The guys turned and saw her standing there in just her lingerie.
"Hello boys," she said, taking her dress off my shoulder and putting it on. They just stood there, staring at her as she buttoned it up, making sure to leave the buttons at the top undone. She washed her hands, checked her lipstick, and we left. She went back to the table we'd been sitting at, and I joined her there.
After a short while, Dave came back over and sat down next to Sue.
"I'm glad you're here," he said to me, "you're one of her best friends. We've been talking about getting married."
I smirked a little, then looked at Sue, who looked shocked.
"I'm very happy for the both of you - congratulations!" I said.
Sue looked slightly sick.
"I didn't think we were talking about any time soon," she said to Dave.
"I think I should leave you two to talk about this, but good on you both. Let me know when the wedding is, and maybe even attend," I said brightly, and went back to the pinball table.
I saw them leave shortly afterwards - it didn't look like Sue was at all happy, and Dave looked worried.