-An Introduction-
The sexual proclivities of the Hansen family. There will be several stories in this series. Characters from my other two series will make appearances. There will be quite a few chapters. Most are written, I have ideas for a couple more. I am open to suggestions that you might have for topics. In this reality, there is no sexual disease or accidental pregnancies. All players in this drama are eighteen or older. For those who are English professors and moralists, that is a shame and your loss.
Heather-Age 38.
Brown wavy hair 5'7", 125 lbs, 36D/29/37. Married to Jeff Hansen for over 20 years, Heather is what young guys call a walking wet dream. She is an exhibitionist, always wears clothes that reveal her womanly attributes to any lucky guy within eyesight.
Heather works for the Newman company. Her job required her to travel at times. Staying at upscale hotels, she met a lot of other business types. While dressing fairly conservatively at meetings, she wore her flash clothes at night.
She was hit on constantly even though her wedding rings were always on display. She didn't mind as Jeff had always said to enjoy herself.
Heather is hot and she knows it. She loves to tease.
Case in point was just last week when her son's friends were over to the house. She was wearing a short pleated skirt and an almost see-through blouse. Some hi heeled sandals completed her outfit.
Walking down the stairs, she asked, "where is Shawn?"
"went to the store," was the reply.
By now, all the guys had erections each thinking what a hot MILF Shawn's mother was.
"OK. I guess I can find it myself."
Walking over to the cabinet, Heather bent over to look for a video. As she bent over the back of her skirt raised up revealing her thighs. Leaning further, the cheeks of her ass became visible.
Heather heard a groan and knew that she had the full attention of her son's friends. Leaning a bit further into the cabinet, she heard a "damn" and knew that her thong was in view. A patch covering her pussy and a string that separated the cheeks of her ass was out there for the boys to see.
Finding the video, she stood up and turned around.
Shawn's three friends were beet red and each was trying to hide their erections.
"You guys have fun," she said and walked out of the room.
Later that night as she laid on the bed, she related what had happened that afternoon to her husband.
"Given the chance, I think they would all have fucked me."
"Did you want to honey?"
"Yeah, but remember our agreement. I can show off, let other guys touch me and pet me and I can even suck them off, but my pussy belongs to you darling."
Jeff smiled as he remembered the night that they had made the agreement. It was after they had got back from their Caribbean honeymoon.
Heather had pledged to him, "I will suck your cock anywhere, anytime without reservation or question. You are free to be with other women except you can't fuck them."
Jeff had pledged to her. "You are a beautiful woman.
You love to show your gorgeous body anytime you get the chance, Many men will want you. I will never stop you or inhibit you if they touch you, caress you and even play with your pussy. You love oral, so you can suck off anyone you want. The only thing I ask is that give me all the details and that I am the only to enjoy your pussy,"
They both fell asleep feeling that they were the luckiest person alive.
Jeff-Age 45.
An athlete's body, black hair with flecks of grey and a thick 7" cock completed this version of manhood.
Jeff worked as an executive at the Williams company.
He often traveled to various parts of the country. The owner of the company was Arron Williams. He was about 75 and rumors had it that he still enjoyed the favors of younger females. Not very long ago, he took Jeff and Heather out to dinner.
As they were getting ready, Heather asked if he wanted the business wife or the hot wife tonight.
Jeff smiled and replied, "my hot wife, please. Teasing Mr. Williams will nothing but help my career."
"Will his wife be there?
"No, as I understand it, she stays at home and lets Mr. Williams do as he pleases."
Heather looked in her lingerie drawer and took out a thong, garter belt and a package of tan stockings. No bra as she planned to let her 36 D's roam free.
"Now, what should I wear." Looking through her closet, she found a colorful dress. Heather slipped it on and looked in the mirror. Falling to her knees, the frock had a slit along the left side. It made walking easier and showed off her legs to the lower thighs. At the top of the slit were five small buttons that when undone would reveal her leg almost to her waist.
The dress was paper-thin and if one looked carefully between the flowers, one could see what was being worn underneath. Heather shook her shoulders back and forth. As her bra-less breasts moved around, she could see her nipples shift in and out of view.
"Perfect," she thought. I can flash as much or as little that I want."
Heather did Her makeup and put on a pair of 3" high heels.
As she sat there, she released two of the buttons. Now her dress had opened enough to reveal the lacy part of her stocking tops.
"Hmm, I better be careful about that. I wouldn't want to give the old boy a heart attack."
Walking to the living room, Heather asked Jeff if this would work. Jeff just stared. He adored this part of Heather.
He knew that Williams would love it.
Arron Williams arrived at the club early. As he sat there sipping on a drink he saw Jeff and Heather walk in.
"God, she is stunning," he thought. Heather smiled to herself. She could tell that Jeff's boss approved.
Conversation ensued and soon they were done with dinner. They walked into the bar area. There was a three-piece jazz trio playing.
Arron was enchanted. He could see Heather's breasts moving back and forth in her dress. Occasionally a pointy nipple would appear.
As they sat and chatted, Arron's eyes kept moving from her breasts to the exposed part of her legs. He wondered if she had worn stockings or pantyhose.
After a bit, Arron excused himself to go to the bathroom. Jeff smiled at his wife and said, "you know Arron hasn't been able to keep his eyes off you since we got here."
"Yes, he seems like a very nice person and you know how much I like to tease. I think I will let this go a bit further."
"Sounds good to me. I always like to see you in action, was Jeff's reply."
With that, Heather reached down and undid one more button on her dress. The slit opened up and Heather's leg now revealed that she had worn thigh top hose. Looking in the direction that Arron would be returning, she crossed her legs.
Arron was on his way back to the table when he saw Heather.
Her legs were crossed and she was flashing her stocking top and a bit of white thigh. A strap with the clasp from her garter belt was revealed to his eyes. Arron stopped for a moment to take in the view.
Arron wondered if Jeff was open-minded enough to let him fuck his wife.
Returning to his seat, Arron hardly knew what to say.
The jazz trio came back from break and started to play.
"Would you mind if I danced with your wife, asked Arron."
"That is up to her."
Seeing no objection, Arron walked Heather to the dance floor. A slow song was playing
Assuming the traditional dancing posture, Arron moved closer to Heather's pliant body.
Heather drew back and whispered in Arron's ear. "Just put your arms around my waist."
Arron did as he was told. He had no idea where this was going,, but he was not going to pass up the opportunity. As his hands slipped around her waist, Heather put her hands around Arron's neck. As her body compressed against hers he felt his cock grow.
This hadn't happened since the company party of a few months and another wife. He remembered that her name was Ann. He recalled her with good reason. She had worn an almost naked dress and when he had danced with her, she had let his fingers play with her bare butt cheeks.
She had finally rebuffed him when he tried to poke his finger up her ass.
He later heard that she had stripped naked and given the bartender a hand job before leaving. Now, another of his subordinate's wives was in his arms and had pushed her soft body against his.
As Heather's fingers played with the hairs around the back of Arron's neck, she quietly whispered in his ear.
"I can feel that you like me."
Arron replied, "you are a beautiful sensual woman. I have the reaction that could be expected by your tease."
"I love to tease, however, don't get the wrong idea. I like all men and their touch, but I am Jeff's exclusively."
Arron knew now that he wasn't to get to fuck her tonight.
Taking advantage of what she had told him, Arron's hands moved down and cupped her ass through the thin dress. Heather responded by shifting her body against his erection.
His right hand found the slit in Heather's dress and he moved it to the top of her legs. His fingers caressed her bare thighs above the tops of her stockings.
Heather was wondering when to halt this when Arron's fingers made their way underneath her thong and started to finger her vaginal opening.
"It feels so good," she thought. But it is time to bring things to a stop."
Heather pulled herself away from Arron and walked back to where Jeff was sitting. He had a big smile on his face. She realized that he had seen everything and was fine with it.
She spoke to Jeff in low tones.
"That is as close as anyone has gotten to me. He is very charming and assertive."
"You mean under different circumstances you might have fucked him."
"Maybe," was Heather's reply.
The three of them walked out to their cars. Arron told Jeff what an enchanting evening he had and hoped to do it again soon.
As soon as Jeff and Heather got into their car, Heather scooted over and started to undo Jeff's pants.
"Take the long way home, honey. I want to give you some road head and then I want your big cock inside of me."
"You know there is a price for this."
Heather was confused. All she wanted to do was to swallow Jeff's cock and then pull off for him to fuck her.
"OK, what is the price?"
"There are truckers out there that have long boring drives. I just thought you could brighten their night a bit."
Heather knew what Jeff wanted. She unzipped her dress and shed her thong. Jeff turned the dome light to its lowest setting and they hit the freeway.
They must have passed ten trucks. Heather fingered herself, cupped her tits and sucked Jeff's cock with her ass in the air. She heard a lot of air horns.
They reached home. Heather couldn't wait. She swung her body over Jeff and let his cock penetrate her fully.
"What an evening," she thought as orgasms wracked her body. She did not see the eyes of her son watching them fucking.
Shawn-Age 23.
Very muscular with an eight-inch cock. Shawn worked at a shoe store and cleaned swimming pools. Shawn had been adopted when he was three years old. He had always felt that he was part of the family. He had dated girls around his age, but some recent experiences had caused him to view the older, married women as desirable sexual partners.
About a year ago, he had gone to a club with Dan, a friend of his from high school. Dan had told him that he had fucked some older, married women and that he liked that better than the younger girls.
Dan related, "the strange thing was that their husbands didn't seem to get jealous, but seemed to encourage their wives to fuck other guys. I don't argue with this, but just enjoy their hot wives."
Shawn wondered about his dad and mom. Mom always seemed to be open and flirty with dad's friends and she was very casual about what she wore. Ever since he started to get erections, he saw mom in a different light. His prick always jumped to attention she wore something skimpy around the house. His friends always had told him that they like to swim at his house because his mom seemed to wear the hottest bikinis.
All this was in Shawn's mind when he went to a night club with Dan. He felt a bit out of place as everyone else seemed to be a bit older, but Dan told him not to worry about it.
As they sat there nursing their drinks, Dan pointed a woman dancing. She was wearing some kind of wrap dress. She danced more wildly causing her dress to open and close. He saw her stocking tops and the straps from her garter belt. Her tits were bouncing around in her top and Shawn figured out that she wasn't wearing a bra.
"Let's move next to them, said Dan, she looks like a good candidate."
Shawn and Dan moved next to the couple and Dan started to talk to her. After a bit, the lady excused herself and went to the bathroom.
Dan looked at Shawn and said, "It looks like she wants to. She flashed her entire tit with a nipple while we were talking and she kept her leg pressed against mine the entire time. When she comes back, I will ask her to dance and we will see where this goes."
The wife returned and Dan took her out on the dance floor. A fast song was playing and she was exposing her legs up over her stocking tops.
The husband leaned over and said, "don't you think she is hot?" Shawn agreed while trying to figure out why he wasn't jealous.
A slow song came on and Shawn saw their bodies pressed together. Dan was whispering in her ear and his hands were squeezing her butt cheeks. All of a sudden, she took one of his hands and brought it up to her barely covered breast. He cuddled it, pinching her hard nipple. He looked at the husband. He was entranced as this young guy was taking liberties with his wife.
The song ended and the couple walked over to where the husband and Shawn were sitting. Shawn could see under the table whereas the husband couldn't. The women's dress opened enough so that her stocking tops and a bit of bare leg was showing. All this time Dan was talking in a low voice.
Shawn saw his hand move and he started to caress her nude thigh.
Shawn was fascinated. He had always thought that married women around his mom's age were devoted to their husbands. Yet, a married woman was letting a stranger feel her up and the husband didn't care or he encouraged it. Shawn filed this in the back of his mind for later.
Shawn watched as Dan's hand encountered the lady's pussy and he began to finger fuck her. She moved her hand down to stop him, but she ended up bumping against Dan's hard cock. Her eyes fluttered and she gripped it through his pants and stroked it.
All of a sudden, it was like the husband woke up.
He told his wife it was time to go. Before they left, Dan gave her his phone number, finished his drink and said it was time to go.
On the way home, Dan said, "I almost had her talked into going out to the car and fucking. She almost did then drew back. I think she was really worried about what her husband would think although it looked like he was all in on it. Maybe she will call me and maybe not."
Shawn was flabbergasted. He had no idea. He decided to be more aware of opportunities.
As luck would have it, something did.
Mrs. Watkins was an English teacher at the Community College that Shawn had gone to. In her mid-forties, the boys in the school had always wanted her class. The reason? Mrs. Watkins was very careless about the way she sat and presented her class. She dressed well within code, but fashion being what it is, she occasionally would bend over allowing her top to gap open. The boys in the class always loved the sight of her large breasts hanging in front of them. They were always covered by a bra, but the sight of them enchanted their young eyes. She sometimes forgot about her skirt. Sometimes riding up, the tops of her stockings would show. Compared to some of the other teachers, Mrs. Watkins's class was always full.
Shawn appreciated Mrs. Watkins like most of the guys. He graduated and Mrs. Watkins receded in his mind. Then he got a phone call for a pool cleaning service. When he visited for an initial consultation, he found himself at Rachel Watkins's house. All those memories came flooding back about how he always thought she was sexy. He also met Mr. Watkins.
It took a few minutes, but Rachel finally remembered Shawn as one of her former students. "He has filled out and in more than one way she thought as she looked at the outline of Shawn's penis in his tight shorts. "
Rachel had grown frustrated as Mr. Watkins's interest in her had waned. She remembered the first few years of their marriage. It seemed that all he wanted was sex. Despite being undersized, he had always satisfied her. Now, about once a month it was in, out and done.
Of late, Rachel had thought about taking a younger lover but nothing seemed right. Now, standing in front of her was this muscular much younger man. "Maybe I can seduce him," she mused.
It was Shawn's second time cleaning the Watkins's pool. As was the custom, he knocked on the door to get paid. When Rachel opened the door, Shawn was taken aback. Standing in front of him was the teacher he had lusted for in school. Rachel had a miniskirt on coming down about halfway down to her knees, a pullover top cut low in the front and some heeled sandals.
To build up her courage, Rachel had consumed a couple of glasses of wine.
"Oh hi Shawn, let me get my purse."
Rachel walked over to the coffee table, bent over to pick up her purse. Her skirt lifted up revealing most of her delectable thighs. She felt Shawn's eyes on her luscious legs. Turning around, Rachel brought the money over to him. Her eyes drifted down and she could see the beginnings of an erection forming in his tight shorts.
"Would you like to have some wine?"
"That would be great Rachel. You were my last job of the day. Will Mr. Watkins be joining us?
"No, he is gone until next week, so it is just you and me." Rachel licked her lips and
Shawn remembered what Dan had told him. "Á lot of older married women are unfulfilled in their sex lives. Most dream of a clandestine lover. With most, it never gets past the dreaming stage, but there are a few that will take a lover." Shawn thought the Rachel Watkins could be one of the few.
Rachel brought a glass of Merlot over to Shawn.
She bent over and her top fell open.
Shawn's lecherous eyes drank it the sight of Rachel's bra-less breasts hanging down in front of him. Shawn's cock grew to its full size. Rachel sat beside him with her wine. Her skirt pulled up just short of showing her moist vulva.
"Tell me something, Shawn. When you were in my class, did you wish that you could do more than learn English?"
"Shawn replied, yes I did. Often I would go home and think about how hot you were."
"Did the other boys feel that way?"
"Oh yeah, most of them talked about fucking you."
"Is that what you wanted, to fuck me?"
"Yes I did Rachel" and he pulled her head close and kissed her. As their tongues danced with each other, Rachel's fingers were undoing Shawn's pants releasing his hard prick. Looking down she reached out and rubbed it up and down,
Looking up at him she said, "damn, you got so much more than my husband!"
"Why don't you suck on it for a while. But first take off your clothes.
Shawn felt that Rachel was a bit submissive and would do what he wanted.
That's what Rachel wanted. To be able to possess this boy's cock any way she could. Off came her blouse and skirt. Now, except for her shoes, she was totally nude. She wondered if her body stacked well against the younger girls Shawn went out with. She dropped to her knees and licked a bit of pre-cum off of Shawn's' erection. Out came her tongue. She licked up and down Shawn's hard shaft kissing it all the way.
"Suck it into your mouth," Shawn ordered. Rachel opened her mouth wide and drew his cock in.
Shawn's hips began to flex back are forth causing his stiff penis to go deeper into Rachel's welcoming mouth.
Back and forth Shawn's hard cock went. Rachel, sucking as hard as she could felt his phallus bumping against the back of her mouth.
"Can you take me into your throat," he asked?
"I don't know said, Rachel. I can try."
Going back down on Shawn's hard cock, Rachel forced it into her throat. She gagged a bit but controlled her reflex. Shawn almost came in her tight gullet.
"Wow, he thought she is as good as Beth Thomas." Shawn had sucked off by Beth and even got to fuck her. Just lucky, as he was with Jim Allen when all that came down.
Rachel was in heaven. She loved having his cock in her mouth. She felt her pussy getting wetter and wetter. She knew that his hard erection would soon plumb her depths. She could hardly wait.
Shawn took Rachel's head in his hands and face fucked her. He felt the pressure build and then his semen exploded into her throat, quickly plummeting down to her stomach.
Pulling his cock back, Shawn pumped the remaining part of his ejaculate into her mouth.
Rachel swished it back and for in her mouth and then swallowed all of it. She didn't have an orgasm but felt satisfied all the same.
Still stiff, Shawn laid Rachel down on the couch and said, "now I am going to fuck you!"
That is what Rachel wanted, Shawn's big, hard cock inside of her. He brought the tip of his dick to the opening of her hot pussy. He pushed and started to enter her. He had about three inches in when Rachel stopped him.
"Just take it slow and easy honey. You are so thick. Way much more than Mr. Watkins. It will take me a bit of time to adjust, but it feels really good!"
Shawn slowed a bit, then resumed pushing his cock further into her. Finally, it was all the way in.
"Oh damn, Rachel enthused. I didn't know it could be this good. Fuck me, fuck me hard!"
Shawn complied with pleasure. He pumped his hips back and forth, hitting bottom and then pulling his prick back to her opening.
Suddenly, Rachel's body was consumed with a massive orgasm radiating from her head to her toes. She felt like she was in nirvana.
Shawn kept pumping his cock into her body. He felt a tightening in his balls and he knew he was going to come soon. Rachel was matching his thrusts stroke by stroke. Shawn spurted his cum deep in Rachel's body.
As she felt his white-hot ejaculate pouring into her, Rachel felt another immense orgasm rack her body. She clung to Shawn as they both came back down to earth.
Rachel spoke first. "My god, I never knew that it could be so good. Thank you, Shawn, for opening my eyes. I hope this not just an onetime thing."
Shawn smiled at her and said, "Not a chance, you are one hot lady and I hope to do this all again. Maybe next time, I will bring a friend."
Rachel shuttered at the thought of two men at once. he had heard of it but knew Mr. Watkins would never go for it "Is your friend like you, she asked looking at his cock?"
"No, he is longer and a bit thicker than I am." He was thinking of Jim Allen. He owed Jim for his experience with Beth Thomas.
Rachel didn't say anything else. She tried to imagine someone with bigger equipment then Shawn. She thought that she might find some examples on the internet. She had heard that some of those male porn stars had very large cocks.
As Shawn was leaving, Rachel hugged and thanked him for such a wonderful experience. She walked back to her bedroom. As she did, she passed an open window. Across the yard was a neighbor's house occupied by a widowed man of about 80 years of age. He had looked up and saw Rachel's nude figure pass in front of the window. He groaned and felt a stirring in his groin, the first in many years. He thought she was always so conservative. He would have to pay closer attention in the coming weeks.
Holly-Age 19.
Blond hair and a figure just like her mother's.
As she grew she stated to look like her mom. Of course she was younger and had the blond hair.
She dressed as skimpy as possible. Her favorites were jean miniskirts that came down just far enough to cover her panties. When she sat most of her legs were on display. Anyone looking from the right angle could see the pantie patch covering her young pussy. She didn't like bras, so she wore them only when necessary.
Being that Holly dressed so revealingly, her dates always would like to feel her up. She would allow some, but always stopped them.
Then she started to date Scott Jones. He was different. They talked a lot and he was genuinely interested in things she liked and knew about.
They kissed a lot and Holly let his hands and fingers explore her body. She knew what he wanted. She wasn't ready.
Then her 19th birthday hit. She decided to let Scott play with her pussy and maybe she would give him a blow job. It was a disaster. It started out good, they kissed with their tongues wrestling with each other. He pulled up her sweater and began to play with her breasts. This was a night she had omitted her bra. His hand had slipped up her skirt and he was fingering her pussy through her panties.
Holly was getting more and more turned on and when Scott went to slide her panty crouch aside and didn't stop him as she had done before. He stroked her lips and brushed against her clit. Scott thought that he was home free and he was going to get to fuck this exquisite creature.
Holly has been caressing Scott's cock through his pants but now unzipped him and drew his big member out. She held it in her fingers, stroking it up and down. It was her first live penis. The only others she had seen were in some porn magazines that Shawn had.
Holly had learned about blow jobs from her friends. Some girls said they like to do that for their boyfriends and others had said that it was a good way to keep them from fucking them.
Holly thought this would be a good way of keeping Scott out of her panties and she might even like it. She lowered her head and kissed the tip licking some pre-cum off. "Not too bad, she thought." Going back down to suck his prick into her mouth, it exploded spraying cum all over her face.
Holly was shocked. She jerked her head back, yanked Scott's hand away from her crouch and demanded that he take her home. Arriving at her house, she had settled down. She told Scott she would call him tomorrow and went to her room. She didn't blame Scott. It was just that she needed to get some type of experience.
The next day, Holly thought about what to do.
Robert Thomas was sitting at a restaurant reading a book. He had started teaching the community college. He was very frustrated and aroused. Some of the girls in his class had sat in the front row. All of them were wearing short skirts and he could see all kinds of panties except for one. She had forgotten her panties and there was nothing there except her bare pussy.
He felt himself getting hard and he wanted nothing more than to get home and fuck his hot wife.
Holly came into the restaurant and spoke to him.
"Hi Mr. Thomas, do you remember me?"
Robert thought for a minute and then said, "I sure do. You were my class last year. Is there something I can do for you?"
"Well, Mr. Thomas it is kind of personal. You being a man, maybe you can explain something to me."
"Sure Holly, have a seat."
Holly sat down beside him. Her jean skirt rode up and Robert could almost see all of her slick thighs and just a bit of pantie concealing her crouch.
Robert felt very uncomfortable with this beautiful girl sitting beside him
Alarm bells went off in Robert's mind. He couldn't be sure, but he thought it would involve something sexual. He decided to let her explain.
"So, what is going on, asked Robert."
Holly explained the disaster of the other night.
"So Holly, what do you want me to do?"
"I need somebody to practice on so I can suck Scott's cock the right way. I thought you might be willing."
Robert wasn't surprised to hear her request and there was part of him that wanted to take her up on her offer.
"Holly, I think you know that I can't do something like that. My wife would certainly not approve."
He thought about his hot wife Beth. They were going out to a bar tonight. They planned on her teasing and wherever it might lead.
Holly was disappointed but she had to try. She stood up and kissed Robert hard with her tongue probing into his open mouth.
"Just something to show you what you missed," said Holly. She turned and walked out the door.
Holly returned home very upset. She thought for sure that Robert Thomas would take her on her offer. She still had the problem. She needed someone to teach her about cock sucking.
As she sat on a chair trying to figure out what to do, Shawn walked through the room, said hi and went into his room.
Holly thought, "maybe the answer is right in front of me all the time."
Shawn was playing a video game when he heard a knock on the door. He yelled to come in. Holly came in. She had the same outfit that she had worn to see Mr. Thomas and Shawn thought she was getting ready for a date with Scott.
Holly sat on the bed, her skirt snaking up to reveal more of her sleek legs.
Shawn smiled to himself. While Holly was his sister, he always had seen her as a hot girl. He had experienced more than one erection as she walked around the house with little on.
Of course, Shawn had the same problem with Heather.
"Shawn, I need a favor. Can you teach me everything about giving head."
Shawn was startled. That was the last thing he had expected to hear from his little sister. Feeling his prick grow, he replied, "sure Holly. I will happy to help you out. How do you want to start?"
Holly smiled to herself. Everything was working out. She took off her skirt and top. Bare-breasted all she had left on was her tiny thong
"Wow, he thought. Little sis was really one sexy chick!"
"You can't fuck me, but I want to learn how to suck a cock."
Shawn said "You know little sister, there is a price for
teaching you."
"What is it?"
"After I teach you to give great head, I will expect that you will stop by for remedial lessons."
Holly thought for a moment and asked, "even after I am married?"
"Especially after you are married. I love sex of any type with anyone.
Holly wondered what Scott would think, but agreed to Shawn's terms.
"Where shall we start," asked Holly?
Shawn answered by removing all his clothes. His thick eight-inch cock stood at attention causing Holly to wonder if she had made a mistake. Shawn proceeded to explain everything to Holly as she gazed at wonderment at his stiff erection. She hardly noticed when Shawn took her hand and put it against it. Feeling his cock in her hand, Holly started to stroke it.
"Now, just kiss it," said Shawn.
She leaned forward and kissed the tip causing his precum to enter her mouth. She pulled back expecting Shawn's cock to explode just like Scott's had.
It didn't.
"Kiss it some more," said Shawn.
Holly pecked the helmet again and then planted kisses up and down his stiff erection. Shawn shuttered. He had never dreamed that his little sister would be doing this.
"Thank you, Holly, now lick it all over." Out came her tongue. As Holly licked Shawn's cock, she felt her passions rising. Having sexual feelings staggered her. After all, Shawn was her brother.
"Now, take my prick into your mouth and suck it like would a drink through a straw," Shawn instructed.
Holly opened her mouth wide and drew Shawn's erection in between her moist lips. Taking in about half of his cock, Holly sucked hard. She felt the head bump against to opening of her throat. She wondered if she should let it enter.
Releasing the penis from her lips, she looked up at Shawn and asked, "should I take it deeper, you know like try to swallow you all the way?" She had heard some of her friends talk about this.
Shawn shuttered thinking of his erection buried deeply in her gullet.
He could barely speak, "go for it, sis."
Into her mouth went Shawn's hard erection. Taking it deeper, it entered her throat. Feeling herself starting to gag, she drew back and let the tremors subside. Her friends had told her that this might happen.
Trying again, Holly suppressed her gag feeling and sucked the prick down until her face was buried in Shawn's pubic hair. She could feel Shawn trembling and knew he was close. Raising her head back up, Holly slammed her face down on his cock until he exploded bathing her mouth and throat with his hot sticky semen. Holly was surprised as she experienced a small orgasm
Later as they rested there, Holly thanked Shawn. "I think that I will be able to please Scott now," she said.
She leaned over and they kissed. Not a sibling kiss, but a lovers kiss. Of course,
Shawn was taking full advantage of his sister's nearly nude body, running his hands and fingers wherever they could. Holly didn't mind as she was in a post-orgasmic state and welcomed Shawn's caresses.
"I won't forget our deal," said Holly. "That was fun."