This is part three of a story based on stories my aunt told me years ago. It is not a story about losing virginity as was the first part, but of a sexual awaking that accompanied it. All this led to more sexual firsts for the main characters.
As far as how true the stories are, I can only attest to the fact that nude swimming by males was required in some swimming pools at one time. The origin of the rules came in 1926, from the American Public Health Association which adopted guidelines about swimming attire that indicated that because fibers clogged filters, bacteria count escalated. Therefore, all males using pools should bathe before entering and not be permitted to wear anything whatsoever, and that female swimmers should only wear suits that were not dyed or had loose fibers. I stumbled onto it one day trying to confirm what I had been told by my elders. No one knew exactly why but a simple search (males required to swim nude) confirmed this and gave some validity to the stories I had heard related to it. This national guideline was not dropped until 1962. In some colleges, it did not end until the mid-70s.
Some colleges even required that males swam naked at swim meets, while female team members in suits watched and waited to compete in their events. I assume they kept the rules longer as college students are over 18. It also confirmed that, in some cases, adult family members as far as parents and grandparents of the competitors were permitted to watch them compete.
Reading at least part one of this multi-part series would frame these following parts much better than reading them on their own. We will cut in where my auntie Chrisy left off. It is told by her in the first person, but any of my dialog will be inItalics, and enclosed in (Parenthesis.)
__________________________________________________________
More stories from aunt Chrisy
(Another visit to Auntie Chrisy's, and again with the help of some wine, I got her to continue her story. This is what I got out of her halfway through the second bottle of wine. I asked her to tell me what happened to her first love John, I knew that relationship was not forever, she married my asshole uncle. We will cut into her story where she left off.)
Well I guess I will start with my relationship with John, he was not all he appeared to be, but that does not mean I fell out of love with him. He is still my number one love in my heart, but there was a number two and three and...on before I met the asshole I married, your uncle, no offense to you sweetie. I seemed to be drawn to guys that have weird kinks, and don't disclose them to me right away, of course, I have some of my own I guess.
John and I got along well sexually, in fact, that was all we seemed to do was have sex. Then it became sex with me, or me having sex with one of his friends while he watched. All was fine until the latter became more important to him. He and I both agreed that we were too young to be monogamous, but I don't think he had other girls at that point. We did not want to be exclusive as it was our college years and the beginning of such a wonderful decade, and we did not want to miss out on what it had to offer. Neither one of us was into heavy drugs, but he liked weed, I held out a while, but then tried it. I was into it for years, I still like to get a good buzz on. Bring us some next time and I will tell you some real stories of my stoner days when I almost dropped out of college to follow the Dead.
John and I had such passion at first, we would go to his apartment when his roommate was not there and we would bang on the top bunk, his bunk. There was no need to put a sock on the door, in fact, he never closed it. I did not know why though, maybe it was a deal they had, but his roommate never seemed to walk in or peep on us. I first thought possibly Adam was gay, as we were buck naked in there fucking and he would walk by the door and never seemed to do any more than glance in.
That is not normal at that age, he was usually dressed, but I did get a brief look at him naked once walking from the shower not knowing we were there. He was a nice-looking guy, never seen him hard at that point but he looked reasonably hung. I will just say he was somebody I would have fucked if the situation came up. I hoped it would happen and started making a point of showing him more of me, I was becoming such a slut. I would walk from the shower with just a towel covering part of me. He had to look at me then but he did without showing any reaction.
I got bored after a while with John, hoping to do something new like being shared with Adam, or I was even willing to sneak a fuck with him when John was not there. So, with a lack of any new excitement sex-wise with John, I started seeing Mark more often. We still had the same problem with finding a place to have sex. John knew I was seeing him, and he told me I could have him over there, that we weren't exclusive and I was welcome to fuck him there. It was a little too weird for me. He did not mention the word privately, or when he and his mate were gone. So Mark and I had a regular thing going at my little hideaway, the gym. He was more reluctant to eat my pussy than John, but I held firm to the fact that it was necessary to return the favor and he gave in. We found we could sometimes use the gym, even when there was just some kind of practice. Gyms are loud enough to drown out my sex noises. We had to go in the main entrance dressed, but we would always find a way to sneak back to my spot. That and the fact that I got real close with coach Smith, and he let me know when it was safe.
(After she finished a glass and put it in front of me for a refill she continued.)
Well, that is when Coach Smith and I got a lot closer. I guess this is as good of a place to give you revelations about the coach and I as any. My first older man, he was such a sweet old guy, he was as fit as students our age. He was always there to listen to me when I wanted to talk about my life, mostly about my love life. Not only that, but he never got personal or made anything close to what would be considered a pass or innuendo. But after a while, he felt open enough to tell me about his marriage, both the good parts and where it was lacking. Even then he did not complain about his sex life with his wife much, not right away.
I had a habit of checking on him when the boy's locker room was empty, since we had no showers in ours yet, I would use the shower to get the chlorine off of my body. It dries out your skin so and makes it itch, especially in the winter. I would check in with him to see if it was OK to use it. He would always say in humor, "Go ahead, if someone shows up unexpectedly that I know you wouldn't want to join you in the shower, I will alert you."
I told him to feel free to check on, watch, or even join me, but I was pretty sure he did not take me seriously. He may have checked on me, but if so I never saw him. I would sometimes get myself off in the shower thinking about the old guy watching. Any time I got a chance I could not keep myself from teasing him. I usually checked in with him in a towel, but sometimes there was none in the locker room.
He had always told me he keeps some in his cabinet. I did not think the lack of towels was on purpose, because he told me I did not have to show myself. He said to just stick my head in the hall and get his attention, and he would hand one out to me without looking. That just made me want to show myself to him all the more. His door was offset from the locker room door into the short passage to the gym. I never caught him peeping on me in the locker room, or on us when Mark and I were behind the bleachers, but he could have, I sometimes thought of that as I fucked Mark. I was getting pretty bored with him then too, I guess I was on the hunt for a new partner. I was pretty active sexually right then with others or myself, it was my newly discovered hobby and school stress reliever.
I thought it was stupid, hiding behind a door yelling for a towel, he had already seen me naked, in fact caught me that way with Mark's dick in me. He likely had other undetected observations of me nude as well, the thought turned me on, it's turning me on just thinking about it now. I would at least walk to his door nude and let him hand me one, with my arms covering my breasts and sex, but even that felt dumb.
One day I decided to walk in nude and acting nonchalant for a towel. I would even bend over and get the towel out myself. It was after that I noticed that the locker room was out of towels more often, and that they were then being kept on a lower shelf. But what would you expect, he was a straight man, still in his prime. I could tell by the constant bulge in his pants when I was there that he still had quite a sex drive. He was about 35 to 40 then, and that seems pretty young to me now.
If the coach enjoyed seeing my young naked body, and maybe even used it for jerk-off material later, I was OK with that. I thought I would be flattered if I found out he did, and eventually, he admitted to it. Yes, I wanted to see how much my body affected him as an older man. Those school towels did not adequately cover both private areas, so I would wrap them around my breasts, and it would not quite cover my coochie when sitting. I would sit in the chair on the opposite wall from his desk with my legs slightly parted to talk to him, as It gave him a good view of my pussy. It was such a turn-on knowing it was in his view, and after a while, he no longer tried to hide the fact that he was looking.
He confessed to it one day, he said that sometimes the view I was giving him made him so hard that he could not come out from under his desk in front of me. The way I thought back then, I just told him, "I'm not a virgin to seeing hard cocks, and would not be embarrassed. In fact, I would love to see a boner that I caused, so you shouldn't be embarrassed either. All, the cocks I see teaching a nude male swim class, yours could not be any different, a penis is a penis."
He told me, "I admit, I have jerked off after you have left here. I have a pretty stiff one right now, your towel is not even coming close to covering your vagina, but please don't fix it. You have a vagina just as beautiful as the rest of you, might I just call it a beautiful pussy. I like that it is not covered by a huge bush like most women, it really helps me appreciate the beauty of them. So after confessing that, would it be too weird for you sweetie, if I don't wait? I mean just drop my shorts behind the desk here and take care of it privately while we talk?"
I was a little taken back that he had the nerve to ask, but what could I say. I could see it took a lot of courage for him to ask that. I told him, if he latched the door and pulled down the blind, he could come out from his desk and just show it to me. I told him he could sit on the front of the desk, and I would join him, lose my towel altogether, and diddle myself too. Now that took courage on my part, he was hesitant, but I persisted and he finally did. He was nervous doing it, coming from behind his desk with his quite large cock sticking straight out, and it wiggled back and forth as he came around to sit in front of me.
He was one fit and hung coach, and I was one turned on slut in the making. He leaned back, part leaning part sitting on the front of his desk, not 4 ft from me. His hand was on his cock, but he was hesitant to be the one to start stroking, so I started. I shed my towel to include my Double D's in the view. I just told him, "Go ahead coach, join me naked, and lose the shirt, I can tell you are in shape, let me see all of that hot body of yours. We will enjoy viewing each other's sex and get ourselves off. Just seeing your cock has my pussy wet already."
Well, there I was naked with the college's wrestling coach, he was twice my age or more, and there we were masturbating for each other. Once I put my legs up over the arms of the chair, it opened my legs wide enough to give him an even better look at my pussy as I fingered myself. I could feel my slit open up, he had a fan on and I could feel the air enter my more sensitive opening as I opened my hole for him. It felt so good, and so slutty at the same time. He was getting into it, he even started making eye contact after a while.
We both were going at it, but we girls make more noise even when we please ourselves, once we know what we are doing that is. I was moaning, he was breathing heavily, and his face was getting flushed. I wanted him to feel more secure with me, and told him, "You are so much fitter than the guys I date, and your cock, well, you say the word and I will suck it. This affected him I think he was in danger of getting off too quick, and I could see him try to edge a little. He did have a better body than the 18 to 22-year-old's I taught, he had biceps, triceps, etc.
Coach only spoke once, and that was to tell me he forgot tissues or a towel for when he ejaculated, that was the point of it all. He asked if he could use mine and he would get me a fresh one.
I told him, "No need right now, stand up and move closer when you are ready, and I will lean back and take your seed on my breasts you like so much. I like the feeling of warm cum hitting me, and I haven't showered yet."
He stood up in front of me, and he looked so fucking hot, even his thighs were pure muscle. He once told me that he almost made the Olympic team for wrestling, but lost in the finals of the trials. The coach's pubes were trimmed up like mine, as he had done some swimming as well as wrestling, and wore a brief speedo when he was in the pool. He was less than a foot away as he finished and then erupted, and I tell you, I never had so much cum shot at me at such a high velocity at once. It was running down the front of me. It was such a load I had to also believe him when he would tell me his wife did not like giving blow jobs, and that he was lucky if he got laid once a week.
I could not help but to reach out and pull him closer by his gluteus maximums, so I could clean off his knob. I figured it was not a tease since I just let him cum such a big load on me. The moment his cock entered my mouth, I knew I had to blow him if I could keep him hard. It was only seconds before it was back to totally erect.
The fact that I had his cum all over my tits, down my belly approaching my sex did not stop me from getting a grip on his ass cheeks, holding him there as I sucked his cock. I think the fact that he just came made his knob more sensitive. After a while, we got in a better position. I told him to sit in the chair, and I threw down a towel for my knees. He scooted his ass forward in it and leaned back and enjoyed my work. I remember lifting his cock to lick the underside of it and seeing him look back down at me with such an appreciative look on his face. The first guy experienced enough to know how important that was.
It had such a different feel sucking off an older man of some authority to me, it made me work harder to impress him. I had to work on him this time for well over 10 minutes, but it was easy when I saw the appreciation on his face. I held his ball sack as I worked his big knob, touching the tip of my tongue to his pee hole as I looked up at him. He looked back and I could tell how much it affected him when he put his hands on the sides of my head. He was not holding it there, he did not have to, he was just giving me some touch to show how much he liked it. I could feel his cock throb before he blasted me with his second load right on top of the first.
It was not as awkward as I would have thought, we were both OK, in fact, that first time, we had to laugh at the sight of it. Then showing me how a mature man thinks, he picked me up and cradled my naked body in his arms like a babe, and not only carried me to the showers, but he showered with me. It happened again, a 2nd and 3rd time, and then on and on it seemed, sometimes if it was safe we would shower together, but neither of us tried to take it further.
I was for a time the coach's cum catcher, for sure, I guess you could call me his cum slut? I got tired of just looking at such a hot bod, and inviting cock, and hoped he would make a move to fuck me at some point. I would have one hand working my hole and clit, when I masturbated for him, trying to entice him to take me. I was still new at all this, and did not take any of his shots in my mouth at first, they were huge, once we were doing it a few times a week I gave in and started taking his load in my mouth.
At first, I would spit it out in a towel, letting the bulk flow out than swallow the rest, and then I was swallowing most of the shots I extracted from him, Mark and John. The taste I never found bad, the texture took some getting used to before I could say I liked it.
Once I was sure he might be willing to return the favor, I eventually tried just sitting on his desk as he came out from it. By the time he got around the desk, I had my feet up on it and gave him my best seductive look, as I opened up my legs for him. He knew what I wanted, he lifted my legs, I leaned back a little and let out a real moan as his warm tongue took its first swipe up my slit. I was so glad I got him to eat me out, as it was clear it was not his first pussy eating session. Unlike the other guys, he really wanted it, he just had been waiting for me to suggest it I guess. He knew where to go, so we both would get off at least once a session.
I did not start fucking him until a couple of months later, well fucking him solo that is. Before I touch on that part of the story, I have to cover what me and Mark, and then later the three of us were doing. Mark had become friends with the coach, mostly stopping and talking to him about wrestling, Mark had been a wrestler in High School. The coach was trying to recruit him at first, he was not successful but they did talk about wrestling a lot. I think the coach realized that there were not too many people other than his wrestlers he could talk to, so he was good for conversations. He could not talk to his boys on that same level, he was their coach and teacher. Sometimes Mark would be with him, sometimes I would drop in when they were both there.
So, I was fucking Mark, and John individually and blowing, and getting eaten out by coach Smith.
Then I walked in on John and his roommate one night, they rarely lock their door when home, and forgot I was coming over. They were watching a movie projected on the wall of their apartment. They did not hear me because they were busy on the sofa. Both were naked, and I was really shocked I walked in on something serious going on between them. I stayed back and just watched, and I was right, they were helping each other out with their job at hand.
At first, I thought it was standard procedure for them to spit on and then spread saliva on each other's penis with their mouth, I guess I was naive. They were jerking off together, but when they needed more lube, their cocks would end up in the other's mouth to get them wet. Looking back, I guess it was there way of justifying their experimentation of sucking a friends cock. It may have been their first time going this far, surprisingly bi sex was better accepted back then, well at least for a short period of time when rock stars were admitting to it.
They were quite shocked when they realized I was there, but it was too late, I had already seen what they were watching and doing to each other. It was a porn, or a stag movie they called them. I guess a more modern one for the times, as it had what looked like the proverbial hippy orgy. From what I could see there was some bi-sex action in the orgy that was projected on the wall that I think might have inspired them to at least try it.
I was horny from what little I saw and made them make room for me and start it over. The short version of the story is, I watched it with them, I was sitting between the two naked guys I caught together on the nasty sofa they had. They scrambled for their clothes but I told them to stay naked, and I joined them that way, and I helped them out then. The first real chance Adam and I had to study each other's bodies and sex. I had a cock in each hand and was jerking them. They were taking turns putting fingers in me or on my breasts until I got them both off, and that was that we all three had some cum on us when I was done.
They were satisfied, I was still horny though, John did not seem interested in fucking, but I stayed and drank wine with them. I figured I was there for the night and maybe I could fuck John later. The two of them were smoking pot as well, sitting by the window and blowing it outside so it did not work its way through the ventilation system. I guess that is when I first knew I liked the wine so much, too much, I drank most of the bottle on my own.
I woke up the next morning on the sofa still naked, cold and alone. I tried to put together in my head what happened the night before. I reached down, and I put a couple of fingers in my pussy, and it seemed like it took a load not all that long ago. That was evidence that what I thought I remembered was at least partly true. I had been fucked, and that part was correct.
I was standing there naked by the sink and drinking some water, wine gives me hot pipes the next day. Adam woke up then, and walked out of their bedroom naked to join me, he kissed me, he had never done that before. Then he put his arms around me and felt my tits as his cock pressed in between my butt cheeks. He said something like, "I love your tits, and your tight pussy, I don't know why John passed on it last night. You showed him though! Mounting me and sucking my cock right in front of him as I ate out that tasty pussy of yours. Then you rode me, well you were there."
Well I was there, but was then freaking out as my memory of what happened was coming back, and was at least partly confirmed. I remembered watching a film, and part of it was of a hippie couple fucking as another guy was jerking off. Then what he said made sense, I thought I remembered being in a 69, getting my pussy eaten, and sucking what I then remembered was a new cock. Then I had a vision of John jerking as I was fucking, it was then clear who I had fucked. It was hot to think about, so I wanted to at least be sober the next time, and there was another, you young guys have such staying power.
I turned around to see Adam naked and sober, and he was looking good. I was a little pissed, well, more than a little at John. So I embraced Adam's hot naked body, and now his cock was back between my legs, this time pressing against my labia and in my slit. He lifted me up next to the sink and started eating what I was pretty sure was his load out of me. That was when John came in for a drink of water right next to us. He had little to say, "Morning guys, save some of that pussy for me Adam."
He took a seat at the table and watched just like the night before. Adam fucked me right there, he pounded me hard and I did not hold back. He pulled out and shot another good load, this time all over me, and then kissed me on the lips.
John just acted like it was nothing new me and Adam fucking, and I guess it wasn't as of that last night. He smacked Adam on his naked ass, then took over for him. That was my first semblance of a threesome. It was just two guys using my hole to take care of their morning wood. I ended up covered in cum to add to what was swallowed and taken in my pussy the night before.
That first night was repeated in the coming weeks, but always me, and Adam having a full session of sex as John watched. Well, I told you I was quite a slut back then, I wanted Adam to myself sometimes, so he and I would sneak in a fuck on our own now and then. It made it more exciting like we were cheating, but it was just sex after a while.
I was not being forced or did I have to be talked into the threesomes, I enjoyed them. But after reading a letter to playboy about a guy's first threesome, I realized I could have been blowing John, or fucking him and blowing Adam. Yes, I could have been fucking both of them at once.
One night I got there and John had a guy there that I didn't even know, and I ended up fucking him at John's urging. It was a new experience as well, he was a black friend of his. I don't know if he thought he was giving me a treat, or if he just wanted to see his girl fuck a black guy. He was an OK fuck, disproving the myth that is still being told about black guys being both bigger and better.
That was too much, I had to lay down the law. I was not his bitch, and I could pick and make my own decisions about whom I let use my body. I just had to take charge of the threesomes too, watching a guy jerk as you fucked or blew someone was not a proper threesome. I liked being watched, but I liked having two guys at once even more.
We were having regular threesomes then, mostly when high or drinking. Mark was not out of the picture, and he still was an acquaintance with John. I am not sure if John told him or not, or if what happened next was from my influence or just a coincidence.
The coach was in good shape and so was Mark, but both liked beer, and sometimes after hours when the pool and gym were closed, the coach did not want to go home. They would drink in his office, from his fridge that was there for drinks for his wrestlers, but the bins in the bottom were full of beer. The guys knew not to touch them or even mention them, by college you learn things like that.
Me, Mark, and coach were there one night, and I was not drinking, but they were. I brought up the swimming naked issue and asked the coach if he knew why and how it started.
Coach shed some light on it, though. He said it became a manly thing to do, kind of put them in a fraternity. Private clubs had nude pools, and nude steam rooms for men only, and just manly men. He did not mention the gay bathhouses as an exception, nor did I.
Coach and Mark were talking about manly things, mostly wrestling, and the coach said that he even had a coach that made them wrestle in the buff in college. He did add, "It was never a gay or bi thing or was the coach a perv, it was a mental exercise to make us think. You have to think ahead wrestling, and in that case, you really did. You had to plan your moves if you didn't want a guy's cock in your face or against your butt."
Mark questioned it, and I picked up on it and told the coach it sounded like a lot of bullshit. I said it just to get the coach going, we had become that close by then. There were about 10 to 12 empty cans in the trash when I challenged him to show me, I told them, "The mats are out, I saw them. Show me what it looks like for two guys to wrestle nude."
They both started to back down, I was persistent, and the coach thought he could squash my request by telling me, "If you officiate the match naked, I am in."
Mark was not in yet, I could tell by the look on his face, but the coach goaded him. He told him, "I doubt either of us will get even a hint of an erection."
I got naked, put my leg up on the chair and pointed, put my finger right on my opening, and said, "So I guess you two tough guys are too big of "pussies" to wrestle nude for this prize. I have a pussy but am not one, I am not only willing to be a naked referee, but I would also be willing to fuck the winner in front of the loser."
We ended up in the gym in the middle of the mat, I was trying to act like I have seen referees act, but I had no clue about the rules of wrestling. I must have been sexy though, they both got boners, and yes you can't at least make incidental contact when you wrestle with boners, and they did, that was the only thing that drew the match out time-wise. Every time one of their cocks pressed against the other, the coach would back off. Apparently, I was the only one turned on by the contact. Coach pinned Mark three times before I declared him the winner, he was just playing with him like a cat would a mouse. I was afraid Mark was not just going to get his feelings hurt but hurt physically as well.
I was glad coach won, as after all the foreplay we had performed on each other, I was more than ready to finally take his cock inside me. Doing it in front of one of my other lovers added to the thrill. So I awarded him my pussy and gave Mark my mouth for being runner-up. I was riding the coach's cock, as Mark stood there next to me, as I sucked his.
That was the first time I fucked the coach, but it led to us fucking naked several more times. I was the coach in charge of the threesomes. I was the one reading playboy for sexual tips it was my only reference book for sex-ed, and came up with new combinations. I loved it, the coach was experienced, and Mark learned how to eat a pussy from watching him eat me.
We did all the things I could understand how to do from the letters and some researchers' articles I read. I liked being split roasted with coach fucking me, or sucking his cock and looking at his fit body.
You should have seen your auntie in action back then. I wish someone would have taken a photo or two I could show you. See these big tits, they were always that big, just firmer, I had great legs, and my ass well.
(That was the first time my auntie flashed her tits to me, not the last.)
She said, "If I was not so old, or you were older, I would have you bring a friend and show you how to do a proper threesome if you are willing to do something like that with your aunt."
(It was not something I never thought about. Now getting a blowjob from, or fucking my auntie I had imagined. I figured she had 20 more years experience than the women I had been dating at the time. How could I not wonder what a blow job from a mature that I had some love for would feel like.)
Auntie Chrisy resumed, "One of the other things that were a little unusual, and is even today was to sit there in a chair clothed, well partly clothed. I would have a blouse, no bra, and with only a couple of buttons fastened. I would have a skirt as I have on now, and yes no panties. My ripped guys standing naked, one on each side of me like my sex slaves, a real CFNM I guess.
I would just feel them up, suck them just long enough to get them hard, and then make them masturbate together in front of me. Then I would clean their penises up. Maybe the closest to bi during a threesome was me having them let their cocks touch as I held them by their shafts and mouthed them both at the same time. It was hot for me, and they did not complain, they were getting blown.
Sex and drugs are addictive, the more you have, the more different ways or kinds you want. We got into using the gymnastics department's equipment one night. I would lay across a pummel horse, as the coach would hold my legs and help balance me and eat or fuck my pussy. Mark would be on the other side feeling up my breasts and helping me keep balance too, as I sucked his cock.
They took turns fucking me on the trampoline, I would fuck one as the other made it go up and down jumping and watching. That was a fail though, visually I liked it, seeing one of their cocks bouncing up and down as I got fucked was hot. Problem was I ended up with motion sickness and throwing up, and I was not even drinking.
I had a little experience with the rings from grade school, plus my backyard swing set. I knew how to hook my feet in them, and I would put my feet through the rings and hang upside down by my ankles. My legs would be spread, the coach was the tallest so he would eat my ass and pussy, and Mark was on the other side of me with his cock in my mouth. It was OK, but I could only do it for a few minutes until my ankles hurt too much. That kind of ended that kick, it was too much work lugging stuff around.
(Aunt Chrisy was halfway through the second bottle when she told me about her next feat.)
Then in an attempt to get a bigger sexual high, I took on Mark, John, and Adam at their apartment. We watched what I think was the same orgy stag over and over until we were all too involved to re-thread it. The projector was just making that sound it does as the reel spun, and the film made a flopping noise.
They claim I took 5 cum shots in my pussy, I thought it was just 4, but I also remember a facial, and a couple of body shots. I am not sure but I know I got off several times during the fucks, but then dares were made. I was the benefactor, as the three of them took a turn eating my cum filled pussy. My fists hurt the next day, they said they had to put pillows under them as I was pounding the floor every time one got me off, and the downstairs neighbor was banging his ceiling.
(I was losing my auntie then, she was mumbling about how she wished she had a cock to suck. I was pretty turned on from the story, and had a hardon most of the night. She spotted it when I got up once and it had an effect on her. She went to the bathroom then and came back with fewer clothes. I tried to ignore the fact that she was pantie-less and now showing me her bald pussy and staring at my bulge. Then I got her started on the story again. I was shocked to hear the next feat.)
Just like I wanted three guys, I wanted to try even more, and that required another cock, and a larger room. You may have guessed already who, and where it was, the coach and in the gym, there was more than enough room there. I was a little nervous, and the guys, Adam, Mark, and John talked me into smoking pot before we went to meet the coach. They say you don't always get off the first few times, just like they claimed your first fuck hurts. But I was stoned when we got there. The coach was no dummy, he could see it in our eyes. He said, "Well I see you guys got ready your way, I had a few beers myself. He was a little concerned and questioned if I was sure I wanted to do this."
I told him, "Hell Yeah, it was my idea!"
Use your imagination, and just picture your dear old, but young back then, auntie, naked and letting 3 guys her age and an older man have their way with her. I told them not to hurt me, but just take me as a cum slut, what I was becoming I guess. I figured when would I get a chance to have a train run on me by four guys I trusted so much.
I will just tell you about the train. The coach had my legs lifted high in the air, and was eating me out, I had a cock in each hand on one in my mouth. That was repeated until they all had a turn at my snatch. And then, they started taking turns fucking me. I was so fucked up as I was fucked, I was out of my head after a while from cumming so much. The cum was just running out of my pussy and all over the mat. We took a break as it did and hydrated. They wanted to go again, but I knew I was not going to feel it as much being over-lubed. I gave them the rules, they each had to take a turn eating me again and take their share of mine, theirs, and the others' cum. That was a rare thing for guys to do back then, but I made it clear they had to do it to fuck me again.
It was an awesome night fucking them, but I was sore all over, especially my vagina. I got a yeast infection too, but it was worth it.
(I was losing her again at that point, but she did not forget seeing my hardon when I got up earlier.)
She said, "Come on, let me see what my story has caused to happen in my nephews pants. I have seen you looking at your aunties pussy, and yes she was showing it to you on purpose to get that reaction, you can at least just show it to me."
(What could I do, she was not lying, she had been sitting in her chair legs spread showing me her bald pussy. So I stood up, and pulled down my pants and showed my auntie my hard cock. She looked excited to see a cock on a young body after her sexual drought, so I was glad I did it. "My God you're big, get that cock over here." I decided right then I would let her suck it, and to show her what I was willing to do I gave her the full monty.)
(I was naked in front of her, a little embarrassed, but I did it because I was making my favorite auntie happy. I got something from it too, a thrill from showing her my fit body and hard cock to not just a mature, but a relative. It was my chance to be naked in front of someone I would not normally be, I guess I became like one of the guys in her stories.)
(Auntie Chrisy is big busted and was braless, she opened up her blouse and told me to bring it over. She said she wanted to at least kiss it, then she would hold her breasts together as I fucked them. I let her kiss it as she sat in her chair. That lingering kiss on the end of my knob was not enough for her, she took my knob and part of my rod in her mouth as she looked up at me to seek my approval? I gave it to her in the form of a deep moan as she took it deeper. I never thought something like this would ever happen, but I confess I loved having my hard cock in the warm mouth of my favorite auntie, it was intoxicating)
(She started sucking my cock ambitiously, she sucked it like it was the last one on earth. I had never had a job like that done on me, at that point I did not want to cum in her mouth or pussy. What I did want, and was willing to do was to fuck her big tits. We were two horny drunks out of control, and my cock was soon deep in my aunt's throat, no one had done that for me at that age. Auntie shed her blouse then, I was never so turned on seeing a woman topless, she had large mounds and they were only a little saggy, but her hard protruding nipples made up for that. Add to that the fact that I could feel her hands on my bare ass, and I knew I was in trouble. There was no stopping or backing off, I came hard and in abundance in her mouth. I looked down as she looked up smiling as her nephew's excess cum was running out of the sides of her mouth.)
(I just came into my auntie's mouth, I had no time to think. But there I was naked for her, and she shed what clothes she had left and was naked then too, and looking pretty damn hot. She begged me to fuck her, I wanted to, but was just not sure if I could get myself to, I mean shove my cock inside my auntie and fuck her? But she took me to her living room floor on the carpet. She told me she would keep her promise and had her tits held together for me as she laid back on the floor. I was still a little limp from the mouth shot, but she told me, "Don't worry sweetie, just dangle your precious but softening penis down here in your aunties mouth, she will make it big and angry again.")
(Fix it she did and was back to sucking it again. Then I was alternating between her tits and her mouth, when I fucked her tits I could reach back and finger her. It was all just too much and I came all over those monster tits of hers. She looked both happy and a little disappointed that I did not actually fuck her.)
(Yes, I fucked my auntie's tits that night, came all over them and she sucked her nephew's cock and swallowed his load. It was so hot, one of my best orgasms ever, I guess the taboo part made it hotter. I had to stay there that night, I had too much to drink. But I left before she woke up, I was not sure if I was ready to face her after what we had done yet.)
(Once I passed on fucking her, I knew I had to come back for more, and I at least had to hear the traveling with Dead Heads' story she promised me.)
Note: Pt 04, likely the final part is written and in the proofing process, should be published about a week after this part.