It was one of those days in the Alps. The kind of day when it was better to sit inside and watch rather than venture out into fog and blizzard.
Tom was on holiday with his parents. He was 18 and was on a 'gap year' before starting university. Tom was rather inexperienced. He had fooled around with teenage crushes a few times, and had lost his virginity in an embarrassing series of fumbles that he now tried to forget, but had always been rather shy.
That being said, Tom was a sportsman. He was muscular and his chiselled cheekbones had caught many an eye. He had a dark mop of curly hair and unexpected green eyes.
Tom was also determined: he didn't see the point in allowing a bit of bad weather to ruin his holiday. He was one of the few who ventured out that morning. It was a mistake. An hour later Tom was cold, covered in snow and ready to call it quits. He skied back to the hotel and took refuge in his room.
It didn't take Tom long to get bored. He picked up the in-room hotel guide and browsed the options. Nothing much appealed but the words "sauna/spa" caught his eye: at least that would be warm.
Tom was taken aback as he arrived in the spa area. There was a sign in big bold letters on the door in three languages. The English version said: "Naked zone! Please understand that in the interests of cleanliness the spa is a clothing free area".
Tom paused. Like many Englishmen he was neither used to public nudity nor comfortable with it. He seriously considered returning to his room and settling down with a film on Netflix. But he was cold and he had also not seen any other guests heading that way. Tom decided to press on. He kept a pair of swimming trunks on and assumed no one would be around to complain.
Sure enough the spa was empty. Tom looked around and discovered that he was they only person taking refuge there. He headed for the sauna keeping his towel in place. A moment or two later Tom was enjoying the heat and starting to thaw out. He lay back on one of the benches, closed his eyes and felt truly relaxed.
Tom's reverie was disturbed by the door to the sauna opening. He sat up with a start and turned toward the door. Tom had to work very hard to control his facial expression. Framed by the doorway was one of the most beautiful women he had seen in his life, and she was completely naked. She was in her late twenties, had platinum blond hair, tied up in a loose bun, and legs that went on for ever. Her breasts were pert and seemed to defy gravity. Her bottom was tight and perfectly round. Tom had to work hard not to stare at the beautifully trimmed narrow bush which tantalised him and repeatedly drew his attention.
This beautiful arrival also appeared to be angry. She took one look at Tom and began to upbraid him in German. Tom did not understand one word, but the tone was all too clear: he had done something wrong. He had only one response:
"I'm sorry. I don't speak German."
The woman raised one eyebrow and slightly shook her head. She replied in perfect English:
"You are English...that explains a lot. Why are you wearing your swimming trunks? This is a clothes free area...even for boys like you."
Tom felt the blood rushing to his cheeks. He tried to think of a witty come back and failed. He stood up, avoiding making eye contact at all costs, and then backed toward the door.
"Don't be foolish. You don't have to leave. Just comply with the dress code."
Tom wanted to explain to this woman that he could not possibly do that, that he didn't want to strip off, and that in any event he was now too hot. But the words would not come. In the face of this stunning, naked, older woman Tom was speechless. He turned tail, left the sauna, and fled. He heard the laughter as he left. This astonishing German beauty was mocking him.
With an ever increasing desire to get away, Tom rushed to the showers. He took off his swimsuit, closed his eyes, and relished the cool water.
Tom opened his eyes to discover that he had a spectator. The German beauty was leaning against a nearby wall. She was openly staring at Tom and had an all to obvious grin. She walked toward him, her stunning breasts lightly bouncing as she did, and extended her hand:
"You English boys are so bashful and so formal. At least you haven't tried to shower with you swimming costume on! Allow me to introduce myself. I am Greta."
Tom instinctively responded by shaking the offered hand. He then felt an increasingly familiar hot flush in his cheeks as he realised the absurdity of shaking hands whilst entirely naked.
Greta chuckled. "Get yourself dry and come and sit with me." She walked off giving Tom a view of her practically perfect, round, tight, buttocks.
Tom got himself dry and followed in the direction that Greta had taken. He rounded a corner into an area full of sun beds and gasped. Greta was bent at the waist with her bottom facing straight toward him. Needless to say this put her pussy directly on display to Tom. Her sex was neat and compact and (unless he was imagining it?) Tom thought it glistened with a hint of wetness.
Tom coughed awkwardly. Greta unfolded herself and turned toward him. "I was just doing my stretches. It's better in the nude my English boy."
"You're just teasing me now" Tom replied.
"Yes. I am. But you seem so charmingly innocent and it's not entirely wasted." As Greta said this she shifted her gaze to Tom's cock. He was well endowed and the display had started getting him hard.
Needless to say, Tom's embarrassment only increased and he tried to cover his crotch with his hands.
"Now now. As we've discussed this is a naked area. No covering." As Greta chided Tom she advanced toward him until she was as close as possible. She circled round him and lightly smacked his bottom. Then she lent forward and whispered into his ear, "Naughty English boy."
Tom felt Greta take him by the hand. She led him over to a double width sun bed, lay down and patted the space next to her. As if in a dream, Tom lay down and turned to face her. To Tom's delight Greta greeted him by pressing her naked body against his. She then reached and grabbed his buttocks with her hands. Tom responded by grinding his crotch into hers, lost in the moment.
It did not last. Tom blushed as he remembered that he and Greta were in a public place. He pulled away sharply, "Stop. Anyone could walk in!"
Greta replied "Exactly....I can see that I will have to take charge." Saying that Greta pushed Tom onto his back. She greedily kissed him before standing up, straddling him and sitting back down on his face. Tom breathed in the gorgeous aroma of Greta's very wet pussy. He began to lick up and down as Greta squirmed on top of him, moaning with pleasure. After a time Tom began to gently suck on the hard nub of Greta's clit. Her moans turned to shrieks and she began to grind her pussy into Tom's face. Tom continued to lick and suck, all the while caressing Greta's pert buttocks. Then he took two fingers and slid them inside Greta. She began to cum immediately. Her squeals of pleasure became even louder and she squirted over Tom's face. He greedily swallowed her juices and lay back as Greta shuddered with pleasure.
By this point, Tom's cock was rock hard and desperate for release. Greta dismounted from Tom's face and knelt down on the bed. "Take me" she moaned.
Tom eagerly began to fuck her. She was tight and he pulled himself as deep as he could with his hands on her hips. As he thrusted he loved to feeling of her stunning buttocks in his groin and the sensation of his balls slapping against her. Soon he was moaning in pleasure and Greta was, once again, squealing. Tom lent forward and caressed Greta's breasts as he thrusted inside her. They found a perfect rhythm, and Greta's moans started to crescendo. Tom knew he was about to cum and Greta reached that point at the same moment. As Greta's screams of orgasm encouraged him, Tom squirted hot ropes of cum inside her.
Tom remained inside Greta as they both recovered. But suddenly they heard the noise of the door to the spa opening. Tom and Greta swiftly lay down on the bed and attempted to look innocent. A middle aged couple appeared, looked around, and began to undress ready for the sauna. The man sniffed the air, caught Tom's eye, paused, and then winked.