Dee sips her black coffee as I listen and jot bullet-points for this month's fetish article. I'll write it up later at home. She's wearing a tight black leather mini-skirt, black knee boots and a cream coloured, knitted short-sleeved top which is really clingy. Her blonde hair is tied back in a pony tail and she looks pretty with her minimal make-up. She's a seasoned Kinkster and often attends the local Munch with her husband. He knows about her thrill-seeking antics. Dee says that her flashing turns him on. I bring up the subject of leather clothing.
"A-ha! Yes. I like my short leather skirts," she laughs, "people get a good eye-full when I bend over."
"You do it on purpose? You let people see up your skirt?"
Dee uncrosses her legs as wide as her leather allows to reveal the brightest orange, plastic G-string. Her plump, pussy lips strain against the tightly creased, glossy panties. "Yes. It gives me a thrill to see their surprised faces.
I admire her womanly thighs. "I see," I press, "and can you give us a history of your very public shows?" I'm starting to get hard.
"I can," she beams, smoothing her skirt with her palms. "It started by accident."
I'm intrigued and aroused as I record her exposures. "Go on, tell us more."
I dropped my purse on the bus a few years ago now. My skirt was really tight so I struggled to bend down. After a bit of contortionism, I picked up my wayward wallet to a round of applause from some cheeky lads. I turned round, before I got off the bus, to see the sharpest lust on an old guy's face. I'd never seen such hunger in a man's eyes before. Of course, I was flustered and apologetic. I was also very wet.
I did a bit of shopping in town but decided to grab a breather in the public park. I sat trying to unpack how I felt on the bus. I couldn't understand why I didn't lose my temper at their laddish behaviours.
The park was busy. I felt aroused and empowered. Before I left for home, I felt really heady. I felt impulsive. When a couple passed, I called out flashing my tits.
It felt such a naughty thrill that I started planning what to wear for future flirts. Me and John bought more plastic knickers from the kind lady who sells them on an online marketplace. Kate is middle-aged and calls her business partner Mummy. I play with myself, sometimes, as I fantasize about a grown woman breast-feeding whilst being pleasured in PVC Knickers. "I'm going off-track, aren't I?"
I nod absent-mindedly. I'm thinking about the two ladies Dee mentioned.
Anyway, I started making more trips into town. These outings involved flirty bus rides, naturally, the odd glass lift, stairs and plenty of escalators. I got such thrills. Sometimes, I'd take a girlfriend or John along for the ride.
Once, I was on my own. I gave a tall chap a flash before realising how well built he was. I suddenly felt a pang of panic. I felt flustered as I tried to lose him. He obviously wanted to see more of the clear glass, plastic Tanga I wore that day. I hurriedly brushed through some fire doors and tried to hide in the shopping centre storeroom. I thought I'd given him the slip.
Suddenly, though, there were three men. I was picked up and carried over one of their shoulders. I was taken to a cage in the warehouse. The three men were far too much for me. I was nearly crushed inside the cherry-picker cage. One of the men, I recall, smelt so good. The jib was elevated until I looked down at the warehouse floor. Amongst the shelving, lots of people were picking orders. They loaded boxes on pallets. At least, they were doing until those men set to work.
They started kissing me and rubbing my boobs. One of them loosened my blouse. That, and my three-quarters Mac was discarded. I soon lost my mini-skirt too. Two of the men lifted me into a chair position. My legs were pulled rudely apart. The third man loosened my kinky knickers. He was crouched beneath my bare captured bottom. He started strumming my slit and clitty inside my slack kink. The plastic was so loud. His fingers were inside me as I heard my sopping arousal. I thought I was going to cum over all the workers below.
It was so rude. I should have been embarrassed up there. My tits bounced off my chin as I arched back into their chests. They licked my nipples as each passed their readied tongues. My thighs were gripped tightly by two of the men. I could feel my wet sex tightening. My bum-hole began winking for all to see. I lost my breath. I - "Oh!" - I shot through the air. My cunt cum shot and dropped to a round of applause. I was too breathless to be embarrassed. My thighs and bum were soaked with my naughty love. I gasped for air and vowed not to tell my husband.
I've fantasised about my cherry-picker squirt so many times. I think it beats my breast-feeding fantasy. I said I didn't tell John about the public warehouse frig. I hope, when he reads about it, he'll laugh. "What do you think?"
I dropped my pen. Bending to pick it up, I felt so lusty and replied, "Maybe, just maybe, John will have a wank." I muttered through clenched teeth, "I know I will."