Chapter 13: After Action Review
"Please.. Please.. Ma'am.. You don't have to do this.." Jasmine moaned.
"Well, your OWNER said so, and besides, I have places to be. I actually have a life, and having to take care of a naked exhibitionist is extremely tiring!" Maurica replied.
It was 6 in the evening, and they were in the back alley of the Stuls Corporation office building.
"No.. Please.. Did.. Did she say what time she would be here?" the poor blonde begged.
Jasmine's soft hands had been zip-tied behind her by the plump black cleaner, and the helpless sweaty and dirty blonde watched miserably as a swivel snap clip was hooked ONTO HER WEDDING RING.
"No. Come," Maurica simply ordered, tugging onto the short metal chain links.
Obediently, the naked young wife followed Maurica to the huge recycling bin nearby.
"At least it is further down the alley.." Jasmine thought.
To her horror, Maurica attached the other swivel snap clip, at the end of the short row of chain links, to a thin metal vertical strip aligning the side of the bin.
The stark naked and barefoot exhibitionist was now CHAINED to the recycling bin right in the middle of the dirty public alley, and even though the swivel snap clips could be easily removed, the fact that Jasmine's hands were zip tied behind her shapely bare ass meant that she could do nothing to escape!
"Please.. Please.. Ma'am.. Don't leave me here alone.. Please.." Jasmine begged to no avail, as the fat woman walked away, chortling loudly.
It only took a few minutes for Jasmine's luck to run out, and the nude blonde jumped as she felt a sudden contact on her voluptuous jugs. There were extremely rough and dirty hands groping her from behind!
"NOOOO!" she shrieked, heart almost jumping out of her chest.
"Bouncy titty slut here like this, you some kind of cheap whore? Let Mark touch you," a grizzled voice came from behind her.
The sun was setting, but the alleyway was still rather brightly lit. Not wanting to draw too much attention to her naked form, Jasmine, shoulders still hunched slightly in fear, replied slowly, "Ok.. Ok.."
"So why big tit slut naked and tied here?" Mark growled.
He stuck his leering toothless face right up against Jasmine's smooth cheek, eliciting an audible "YELP!" from the hapless blonde as she felt his warm breath on her tender skin.
"Suck Mark's cock, fucking cunt," the filthy homeless man said crudely.
Immediately unzipping his soiled and grimy trousers to reveal an EXTREMELY smelly cock, Jasmine retched at the stench of stale pee and unwashed flesh.
"No, no.. Please.. Please just touch me.."
Desperate to get away from the disgusting dirty tool pointing menacingly at her naked form, Jasmine thrust her silicone melons at him, trying to draw his attention away from her succulent lips.
But then Mark began TUGGING on her nipple bells!
"OH! NO, PLEASE!" wailed Jasmine.
The smelly and dirty man was pulling her teats in the opposite direction, causing her to totter slowly towards him, but her clithood remained attached to the chain fastened to the recycling bin. The end result was that the poor blonde's teats were pulled in one direction, and her clit in the other!
Helpless to resist and unable to do anything since her hands remained zip-tied behind her back, Jasmine could only tremble and sob, trapped in the middle of the alley while Mark continued tugging gently on her tit jewellery.
"Noooooo.." Jasmine moaned, "Ok, OK! I'll do it!"
The homeless man grinned widely, exposing his toothless gums, and gestured purposefully towards his stiff fucktool.
Slowly inclining her neck towards his extremely smelly pants, Jasmine could see that his cock was YELLOWISH around the edges!
"Oh my god.. How long has he not washed his body for.." she thought, almost puking.
Since Mark had not moved from where he was standing while he was stretching out her nipples and "clit chain", Jasmine was forced into an extremely uncomfortable position, having to thrust her beautiful face and neck towards his groin while she bent over at the hips. The servile blonde could not even incline her knees forward a little, because that would prevent her from achieving the reach that she needed in order to wrap her precious lips around his homeless cock.
Feeling something powdery in her mouth, which Jasmine was sure was a mixture of stale pee and dead skin, she tried her best to control her gag reflex as the experienced adulterous young wife began sucking on the wrinkly cock, bent over in an almost 90 degrees position.
And that was the situation which Nicolette found her cumslut slave in. Bursting into laughter at seeing the former proud princess slurping on a filthy homeless man's dick, Nicolette smirked at the pathetic sight.
"Oh, what?" Mark said, hurriedly retracting his stiff cock from Jasmine's juicy lips.
This caused the thick succulent lips to make an embarrassing "PLOPP" noise, such was the high standard of the vacuum treatment that Jasmine had been giving the smelly man!
Resisting the urge to vomit at the obviously-noticeable taste of pee in her mouth, Jasmine blushed. She knew how it would look to her blackmailer, because it sure sounded as though she was VERY RELUCTANT to let go of Mark's cock.
"Hey, no, sir," Nicolette said politely, "Please don't stop on my account. This is my slave, and I want to share her with anyone and everyone. In fact, you must be tired. I have an idea, why don't you lie back down here?"
Jasmine could not resist a faint scowl at hearing Nicolette's words. SHE was the one who had been sucking obediently on his smelly cock for almost 10 minutes, and HE was the one who was tired?
Gesturing at a nearby pile of cardboard boxes, Nicolette then turned to the subservient and humiliated sex doll.
"Well, well.. Isn't this interesting, huh? Jasmine naked bimbo fuckslut, can't resist a cock the moment she sees one, even in public! Tsk.." Nicolette tutted scornfully, using a swiss army knife to snip off the zip ties quickly.
"Go," the evil brunette unclipped the swivel snap clip from the poor naked slave's diamond ring.
Pointing casually towards the leering homeless man lying obscenely on pile of filthy cardboard boxes, Nicolette drank in her former rival's humiliation.
"Please.. Please.. Nic.. Ma'am.. It's disgusting.. Please.." Jasmine begged.
"More disgusting than INCEST? Well, ok, if you say so.." Nicolette uttered the magic words.
"No, ok, no.. I'll do it.." the defeated blonde jiggled her sweaty and dirty naked body over.
"Ride," Nicolette said simply, "You know what to do, slut."
Blushing, the experienced rambunctious blonde straddled the grimy homeless man, facing her curvy ass towards his face, and tits facing outwards towards Nicolette. Placing her dainty heels against his unwashed pants, Jasmine pointed her FKME red toenails horizontally outwards and perpendicular to his body. Placing her hand on her frazzled messy blonde bun, Jasmine slipped her surprisingly sopping wet hairless slit over his dirty and smelly cock, and began to ride.
It was the first time that Jasmine had cockridden a fuckbuddy since her fresh tit jewellery were added, and her nipple bells tinkled extremely loudly from her spirited up-and-down bounces!
TINKLE. TINKLE. SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.

Jasmine slippery moist snatch hungrily ate the homeless man's foul-smelling fucktool as Nicolette began speaking.
"So, I hope you had a good day, my favourite fuckslave?" she asked, grinning.

SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.

"No.. I mean.. Yes.. Ma'am.." the dirty slut panted, fresh sweat beginning to drip down the nape of her neck.
"Mm.. Good. How was Tom's cock?" Nicolette asked, lips curling into a smirk at the delicious sight of her former rival, completely naked in a public alley and riding a homeless man with her posh pussy.
SCHLUPP.
"Uh.. I didn't.. Tom.. Tom didn't.. Come.. Wasn't here.. Today.." wheezed the bouncing fake titted Jasmine.
"Well.. I did make it clear though, didn't I? Swallow two loads of Tom's fresh black cum, or.. What would happen?" Nicolette asked menacingly.
SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.
"Edd.. Eddie.. Eddie's video.. Release.." Jasmine panted.
"And?" Nicolette responded quizzically.
"But.. But.. Ma'am.."
Using only her legs to thrust her curvy body up and down, while the homeless and useless Mark lay there enjoying the view was extremely tough, but to have to continue the conversation with her tormentor made things even harder for Jasmine, "But.. He didn't.. Come.."
SCHLUPP.
"Well, you could have asked Maurica to let Tom know you needed his cock, no? Or you could have run over to his home, escaped from the building naked? Brought your fake tits and shaved pussy across town to get his sweet cum?" Nicolette said, suppressing a laugh.
"Uh.. Yes.. Yes ma'am.. Please.. I don't.. I didn't.. don't know.. I didn't mean to.." the poor blonde continued riding Mark's stiff dick impotently.
SCHLUPP. SQUELCH. SCHLUPP.

Despite the twistedness of the scene, the once-proud Jasmine's slit was nicely and AUDIBLY juicing.
"I guess that leaves me with no choice.. I'll have to let your parents and Eddie's college know about the incest. I guess that's what you get for having a big titted dumb bimbo for a sister," Nicolette said, with an air of finality.

SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.
"No, no.. Please!!" Jasmine wailed, still not breaking stride with her expert cockriding, "Please.. What can I.. Do? Please.. Ma'am.. Please.. No!!"
"Hmm," Nicolette replied, grinning from ear to ear, "Well there is ONE thing.."
SCHLUPP. SQUELCH. SCHLUPP.
"Ye.. YES.. OH YES.. Anything!" Jasmine moaned, "OH NOOOOO!!"
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
The cruel Nicolette had activated the vibrations on her nipple rings and clit barbell again!
"Ohhhhhh.. OHHHH.." groaned the horny nude slave as the humiliations from the day all came rushing back into her oversexed mind.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE. SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.

Maintaining her perfect cockriding posture to ensure deep penetration and constant rubbing on her tender G-spot, Jasmine continued milking the homeless man's wrinkly cock with her precious shaved twat by moving up and down continually.
Like a slut in heat, the naked blonde began reaching down, diddling her needy clit and pressing the vibrating barbell harder against her engorged bud.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE. SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.
There was no shortage of bad luck for the sextoy's exposed naked body, and she saw a small recycling van turning onto the alley, right in front of her!
"Ah.. Oh.. Oh.. No.. YES.. YES!!"
Noticing Nicolette's wide smirk but only focused on the needy organ between her legs, Jasmine could only continue masturbating in the public alley while she repeatedly impaled herself on Mark's cock, unrestrained and shameless.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE. SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.
Two men hopped out of the recycling van, eyes bulging and mouth agape at the wondrous sight of the sexy evenly tanned exhibitionist brazenly FUCKING in the middle of the alley!
"OHHHHH.." Jasmine moaned.
Somewhere in the back of her lusty mind, she noted that Nicolette had gone over to the two men to have a short conversation, before her blackmailer vanished into one of the doors leading into the main office building.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE. SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.
"Oh.. Oh.. OHHHH.. Please.. Ohhhhh.."
Diddling her needy clit quicker and quicker, Jasmine's breaths were becoming shorter.
Remembering all the people who had had the fortune of seeing her beautiful body completely naked and humiliating her with their contemptuous words and disdainful treatment, Jasmine only one thought on her mind. She needed to cum, and she did not care at all who saw her while she did.
Even that one slutty thought brought a fresh shudder to her oversexed body.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE. SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.
Continuing to ride her fuckbuddy in the middle of the alley, Jasmine spread her legs even wider, exposing her glistening moist cunt and shiny diamond ring.
The two men from the recycling truck began to take pictures.
"Oh, yes.. Oh.. Oh.. OHHHHH.. Watch me.. Yes.."
Bouncing up and down, Jasmine grasped her extremely messy bun, shoving it even higher upwards. This meant that her big fake tits were thrust out towards her audience EVEN MORE, stretching out her sweaty and taut armpits for their viewing pleasure.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE. SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP.
"Oh.. OHHHH.. OHHHHHH.. YES... YES... OHHHHHHH.."
Legs trembling and toes curling upwards, Jasmine came, HARD. Her inner slick pussy muscles pulsed involuntarily, milking Mark's stinky cock repeatedly and causing the lucky homeless man to cum at the same time!
As the naked blonde continued grinding her body slowly up and down, eeking every last bit of orgasm possible from her exhausted but still-horny pussy, she could feel the filthy man spewing his thick seed deep into her womb. And it certainly felt thick, the experienced tart realised, feeling slightly proud of herself for being able to milk as much cum from his dirty cock as she had.
That humiliating thought about her slutty behaviour only served to increase her arousal, and her moist cunt pulsed a few more times before the spent and well-fucked naked exhibitionist slipped off of the homeless man's pee-stained fucktool.
Feeling a trickle of fresh cum rolling down her smooth inner thighs, Jasmine was brought back to reality by loud clapping from her audience.
"Shouldn't you thank him?" Nicolette was back, and apparently ready to humiliate the former posh princess further.
"Yes.. Yes.. Ma'am.." blushing, the degraded blonde replied, defeated.
Her energy completely depleted, Jasmine could only lie on the ground beside Mark while the clear evidence of her shameless adultery continued making its way down her sexy legs.
"Thank.. Thank you.." Jasmine said.
The formerly-proud and well-fucked executive felt extremely cheap and worthless. She had not only energetically fucked a homeless man and cum powerfully, but she had done it right in the middle of a public alley completely naked, and with strangers recording her rambunctious adultery in full!
"It's Mark's pleasure, dumb bimbo whore," Mark replied, grinning from ear to ear.
"No, no.. You should THANK him properly. Pay him, for using his cock!" Nicolette continued, one eyebrow raised, "Where are your manners?"
Trembling at Nicolette's hurtful words and being chided like a small child so publicly, Jasmine looked at the smelly man who was still lying on the dirty pile of cardboard boxes.
"Ok.. Ok.. Ma'am.." Jasmine replied subserviently.
Crawling back towards Mark, Jasmine obediently slurped at his softening member. She could taste her own tangy lovejuice on his veiny cock, and the mixture of sexual fluids with the stinky aroma of days'-old stale pee was extremely revolting.
In High School, Jasmine had swiftly broken up with Mercer -- the ex-boyfriend whom she had stolen from Nicolette using her "superior tits" -- and had begun spreading a rumour about how he had a habit of not wiping off his dick after peeing, following it up with detailed proud boasts about how she had only ever let him penetrate her classy pussy once, and snarky comments about how she could not understand how "certain needy skanks" would be desperate enough for STINKY SEX. Now, putting her silicone-enhanced pornstar body to good use, the shamed blonde was dragging her huge fake tits against his thighs seductively as she licked the sticky juices off the homeless man's wrinkly and smelly cock.
Nicolette, a wide grin on her face, was clearly enjoying Jasmine's helpless obedience. She noted that the two man from the recycling company had their phones directed at the blonde's shiny tanned thighs and the bald pussy clearly exposed between them. A trail of thick fresh cum was dripping out of the hairless slit, and Nicolette wondered if her hated competitor had any idea how slutty and worthless she looked!
Mark savoured the full service cleaning experience, and the humiliated Jasmine had no choice but to continue lapping up the mixture of pee and sex fluids, stark naked and barefoot in the public alley.
Nicolette allowed her slave to continue slurping on the disgusting mixture of fluids for a few minutes, then said, "No, I said, PAY him, you dumb bitch. Or are you so desperate for him to get hard again, so that you can fuck him again?"
"Uh.. Ma'am.. I thought.." Jasmine stammered.
"You thought what? That he would stick his hard cock inside your needy slit again? NO! I told you to pay him, I need to talk to you and I don't have all day," Nicolette continued with a smirk.
Trying to ignore the raucous laughter from her audience, the embarrassed fake titted Jasmine jumped to her feet, nipple bells jingling -- the way Nicolette had put things, it made it sound as though SHE was the more interested party, and aggressor, in the very public fuck session that she had just been forced to go through!
"Ma'am.. Sorry.. I don't.." Jasmine mumbled, "But.. I don't.. Have money.. No.. No clothes.."
"Oh, is that so?" Nicolette replied dismissively, "How then do you expect to pay for using someone's cock? Do you think that choosing to walk around butt naked with no belongings gives you an excuse?"
"I don't.. Um.." Jasmine murmured, blushing hot red, "I don't.. I mean.. I.. Usually.. Use.. Puss.. Pussy.."
The two men clapped loudly, but Nicolette was far from done with the busty princess.
"What do you think, sir? How would you like to be paid? I know it must have been shocking, having a horny tramp jumping on you and demanding to be fucked.." Nicolette smiled at Mark.
"Well.." Mark said, lost for words for a while, before continuing, "Maybe.. Maybe Mark would like.. This?"
"OHH!" Jasmine shrieked as the dirty man suddenly tugged hard on her wedding ring!
"Wow, a good choice!" Nicolette said, grinning, "Hey cunt, why don't you tell everyone what's that?"
"Um.. Um.." Jasmine said, barely audible, blushing profusely, "My.. Wed.. Wedding.. Ring.."
"Oh, your WEDDING RING!" Nicolette shouted loudly, "So you're MARRIED!"
"Cunt", "skank", "slut", "cuckold" and "fucking wet whore" were just some of the derogatory phrases that Jasmine could clearly hear being hollered in reply by the two watching recycling men.
"So, skanky fuckslut, why would anyone in their right mind wear their wedding ring on their clit?" Nicolette exclaimed menacingly, feigning shock.
Knowing what was expected did not help Jasmine's humiliation at all, but she forced herself to repeat the well-rehearsed response, "Jas.. Jasmine.. Is a.. Chea.. Cheat.. Cheating.. Married.. Whor.. Whore.."
"That, you most certainly are!" Nicolette said triumphantly.
Mark joined in and laughed loudly at the truism, his spunk continuing to leak out of Jasmine's shaved pussy.
"Anyway," the cruel brunette continued, "Give him your wedding ring."
"Huh.." Jasmine mumbled, confused, "I don't.. But.. I can't.."
"Why is that, cunt?" Nicolette asked despite obviously knowing the answer.
"Because.. Because.." Jasmine was beginning to tear, "Because.. My.. Ring.. Is stuck to the.. Barbell.. Barbell.. Which is.. Stuck to my.. Cli.. Clit.. Flesh.. Permanent.. Permanently.."
Nicolette suddenly stalked over to the blonde slave and slapped her hard across her beautiful face!
"Ow.." Jasmine moaned, rubbing her stinging cheeks.
"You're embarrassing me, you stupid cunt. Are you still trying to shirk away from paying for the fuck that YOU DEMANDED and so clearly ENJOYED? Apologise to this nice man NOW, and ask him politely how you can make payment for using his cock instead!" Nicolette chided.
"Please.. Please.. Sir.. How may I pay you for fucking me.." Jasmine whispered.
The humiliation was too much for the hapless blonde, and tears began rolling down her cheeks.
"Fucking dumb slave, you truly have no manners.. I said, ASK HIM POLITELY. Or else, I might just have to get your BROTHER to teach you.." Nicolette ordered with pointed emphasis.
"Sorry.. Sorry sir.. My wedding.. Wedding ring is stuck to my.. Cli.. Clit.. So I can't give it to you.." Jasmine begged, distraught, "How can this chea.. Cheap whore.. Make it up to you.. Sir..?"
"PIAK" -- Nicolette again gave the blonde a hard slap, this time on her sensitive and perky nipples!
"LAST CHANCE, WHORE. Be POLITE. Be DETAILED about what you FORCED the poor man to endure just for YOUR sexual satisfaction. Or I will make a call to a certain college, to get you educated and your manners improved!" Nicolette warned.
Noticing Mark's perverted toothless grin and the continuing laughter from the two recycling men, Jasmine knew she had no choice.
She dropped to her knees immediately, and the evenly tanned blonde began grovelling at the homeless man's filthy shoes.
"Please.. Sir.. Let this BIMBO SLUT pay you for a good hard fuck.. This HORNY BITCH couldn't resist your juicy schlong.. Sir.. Please let this SKANKY WHORE properly thank you for letting it bounce its SLUTTY SEXTOY BODY on your cock.. Naked IN PUBLIC.. Sir.. Please tell this WORTHLESS CUNT how it can make it up to you, for allowing it to impale its SOPPING WET SLIT on you.. Please take whatever you want from this FILTHY SKANK as a form of thanks for letting it lick the ROYAL JUICES from your lovely cock.. Sir.. Please order this FAKE TITTED EXHIBITIONIST to give you whatever you want.. Thank you for letting this slut RAPE your big, big dick.." Jasmine wailed helplessly.
Inside, she was furious -- the fucker Mark was the one who had molested her and demanded that she suck his cock, and HE should have been honoured for having had the opportunity to have a go at her classy moist pussy. Instead, she was now the one being forced, to not only THANK him, but also PAY him for their fuck session!
"This CHEAP TRAMP needed a drilling so badly so that its BIG PIERCED TITS can bounce around in public.. Sir.. Please let this DUMB BLONDE pay you for sliding its SLICK MOIST PUSSY on your thick fragrant cock.. Please tell this MARRIED CHEATING TART how to thank you for using your cock to cum.. Sir.. Please let BIMBO JIZZ pay you for the THICK DELICIOUS WHITE CUM you spurted into its whorish twat.. Please.. DITZY TITS just wants to thank you for allowing it to ride you with its BALD TANNED CUNT.."
Obviously, there was nothing that the powerless naked blonde could do but continue to grovel, considering that the alternative was for her incestuous exploits to be revealed to the world.
Nicolette allowed her bare assed rival to continue her pathetic begging for a full 5 minutes, savouring the moment and enjoying the bimbo slut's self-deprecating words, silky smooth cum-covered slit remaining fully exposed between her parted thighs.
"What do you think, sir? How do you think she can pay you then?" Nicolette finally asked.
"Hmm.." Mark grinned, emboldened, "Can Mark.. Have these?"
"No, please.." Jasmine moaned, looking towards her blackmailer in despair.
The dirty and smelly homeless man was pointing his index and middle finger in the general direction of the fake titted blonde's nose, but it was clear what he was referring to.
"Ma'am.. Please.. My.. Not my earrings.. They were.. From O.. Owen.." Jasmine begged, hoping for mercy from Nicolette.
"YOU FUCKING SLUT! How dare you try and negotiate with Mark, after you so aggressively DEMANDED and TOOK LIBERTIES with his cock?" Nicolette screamed.
Defeated and sobbing, the naked and barefoot exhibitionist bowed her head submissively.
"But since you're so desperate to show off the gifts that your HUSBAND gave you, here's what I want you to do. Go to each and every person in this alley, and show them EVERY PIECE of jewellery that you have on your slut-whore body, and tell them that your husband gave it to you. After that, you will stand there in YOUR favourite position for 10 seconds for them to have a good look at the nice presents from the LOVING HUBBY!" Nicolette said loudly.
Humiliated, Jasmine got to her feet slowly, sweat glistening on her all-over tan. She walked over to the two recycling men, turning to one of them first and trying to ignore the phone camera directed at her which had no doubt been used to record the erotic sight of her succulent melons jiggling and nipple bells jingling while she walked naked.
"Sir.. These.. These are.. From my.. Hus.. Husband.."
Tilting her beautiful face forward slightly, Jasmine pushed out her dainty earlobes which the classy ruby red studs -- a present from Owen for her birthday -- were attached to.
"And this.." blushing profusely, the nude exhibitionist continued the humiliating performance, "This.. Is also.. From my.. Hus.. Husba.. Husband.."
The brazen slut spread her legs extremely wide, before pinching her wedding ring using two fingers on each hand and raising it up slightly for the man's viewing pleasure. The blonde bimbo realised, horrified, that the diamond ring was extremely sticky from the remnants of Mark's stale off-white thick cum.
The humiliating thought brought a slight twitch to her inner pussy muscles.
Both men took the opportunity to get many perfect shots of the sweaty sextoy -- posing in her favourite position with her hands on the back of her head, pierced tits thrust out and hairless cunt fully on display between her widely-parted legs -- when it was each of their turns to be introduced to her gifts from Owen.
When Jasmine was finally done with her shameless exhibitionism in the very public back alley, Nicolette beckoned for her to come over.
"Give him the earrings, and thank him," she ordered simply.
Helpless and powerless, the servile bimbo slowly removed both pieces of her birthday present from Owen, and jiggled her big titted naked body over to the homeless man.
"Sir.. Please take these.. Sir.. THANK YOU for let.. Letting.. This fake.. Fake.. Tit.. Titted.. Bimb.. Bimbo.. USE.. Your bi.. Big.. Cock.."
A few minutes later, after the filthy Mark had finally zipped up his trousers and shuffled away, a bright grin on his face, Jasmine was posing, vulnerable and exposed, in her favourite position beside the driver's seat of Nicolette's car.
"At least those two men are back to doing their work.." Jasmine thought, glancing timidly at the two men rummaging through the recycling bins nearby.
Her former rival and now-owner was seated on the comfortable soft leather, eyeing her dirty tanned skin with disdain.
"I want you to read this, you dumb whore," Nicolette ordered, handing her slave a piece of paper.
// Slut Jizzmine Humility 101

Visitations





Name









5 reasons why he or she would be interested in humiliating Slut Jizzmine









5 reasons why Slut Jizzmine will be very embarrassed by showing up naked to him or her









3 other people whom he or she is likely to show Slut Jizzmine's cheap naked body to //





"Out loud," Nicolette said.

"Slut.. Slut.. Jizzmine.. Humili.. Humility.. 101.." Jasmine mumbled, beginning to read off the page, blushing.
"Do you understand what's on the paper, you big titted exhibitionist slut?" Nicolette asked with a smile when her slave was done.
"I think.. I think.. Ma'am.." Jasmine murmured, "You want me to visit.. Visit.. People?"
"Fucking DUMB cunt.. Of course I do. I've decided that EVERY WEEK, you will identify a person who will be very interested in taking a look at your slutty exhibitionist body, naked in public, and who will HUMILIATE you. Ex-boyfriends, former colleagues, Owen's parents, Eddie.. I don't care who you choose, but if you cannot convince me by Friday morning why you WILL be humiliated AND exposed by the person who you selected, I will make the choice. And trust me, I already have a few people in mind.. So you better have interesting and detailed answers to ALL the questions on that piece of paper.." Nicolette began, mercilessly savouring the horror growing in the blonde's eyes as she spoke.
"Naked.. Naked.. In public.. Ma'am..?" Jasmine asked, tearing.
Glaring at the pathetic slave, Nicolette continued, "So this is how things will go, on weekends, from now on. You will tan naked from 9am to noon. At 12, you will leave the home immediately, COMPLETELY BARE ASS NAKED, and travel to the person's home where you will EXHIBIT your naked body and DEMAND humiliation."
"Ma'am.. Ma'am.. Please.. I can't.." Jasmine begged, "I can't leave home nak.. Naked.. How.. How will I get there.."
"I believe you can take the bus or the subway. Or you can walk. Honestly, I don't really care. Oh, and to be clear, you will leave immediately after tanning. No taking a shower, no delays," Nicolette replied, smirking.
"Please.. Ma'am.. I can't.. Public.. Public transport.. People will see.. See.. Me.." Jasmine said.
"Aren't you naked in public now? Haven't you been naked in public the entire day today?" Nicolette reminded the hapless blonde.
"Yes.. Ma'am.. But.. To travel.. Naked.. I will be caught.. Rape.. Raped.. Arrested.." Jasmine continued mumbling miserably.
"Honestly, I don't care how you get there, but you WILL do so naked" Nicolette replied, "Actually, you could ask Owen to give you a ride, if that's your choice. Hey, wouldn't that be an interesting conversation and one which we definitely need a video of? 'Hello, baby, could you give my butt naked slut body a ride to my ex-boyfriend's place?' Yeah, WOW, that would be one for the history books!"
"No.. No.." all Jasmine could do was remain in her favourite position, naked and vulnerable.
"And you'll spend the remainder of Saturday with the lucky man or woman, and Sunday morning as well. And at 2 in the afternoon on Sunday, you will travel, again STARK NAKED AND BAREFOOT, back home. But actually, you won't be going home. Remember that you now have your yoga sessions with your neighbour on Sunday? Yes, so you will go straight there, with your fuckslut body still naked," Nicolette continued, almost matter-of-factly.
"I don't.. But.. No clothes.. How.. Ma'am.. Please.." bawling, Jasmine was horrified.
"Now just to be clear, you will NOT wear clothes at all times during your 'visitation'. You will remain naked and barefoot, and you will OBEY whatever orders are given to you by the person that you are visiting. Except, of course, if they ask you to put on clothes.. If that happens, you will obviously have to BEG to remain starkers.. If they tell you to deliver a pizza naked, you will.. If they tell you to visit a club naked, you will.." Nicolette said, savouring the blonde's shock.
"Ma'am.. Ma'am.. Please.. I'll do any.. Anything.. Please don't make me do.. Naked visitations.." Jasmine begged.
"Sure, do you mind letting your parents know that you fucked Eddie? Thanks!" Nicolette replied cheerfully, slamming the car door shut.
"No.. Ma'am.. Please.. Anything but.. But that.." Jasmine cried.
"Too bad then. You better start thinking of your answers to the 4 questions, because this time next week, you'll be visiting someone to show off your fake tits and shaved cunt. And like I said, if you don't pick someone, I will.. And I think it will very likely be your elder brother or father!" Nicolette said, starting up the car engine.
"Please.. Please.. Ma'am.."
But Jasmine's pleas fell on deaf ears, and Nicolette hollered loudly to the two recycling men who were loading the white plastic bags into their van, ignoring her slave.
"Hey guys, thanks so much for waiting. We're done here, so feel free to do whatever you want with the STINKY slut before you send her home. You can whore her out for some extra cash if you want. She especially likes gang bangs. What a cheap slut, isn't she!"
With that, Nicolette sped off in her luxury car, leaving the crying big titted bombshell in the middle of the public alley.
Realising quickly what her blackmailer must have been discussing with the two men while she was energetically fucking mark, Jasmine hurriedly wiped off her tears, still struggling to digest Nicolette's new plans for exposing her naked body every weekend.
"Please.. Sirs.. Please don't whore me out.." the busty princess begged subserviently, "Please fuck this worthless cunt in your van.. But please don't sell.. Sell my pussy.."

******************************
Owen stopped dead in his tracks, mouth agape.
He had been out for a run, trying to vent off his frustrations from the day. Now taking a slow walk to cool down, he was nearly home, when he saw the truly INCREDIBLE sight.
A small white recycling van had grinded to a halt in front of his house, and Owen had thought nothing of it. However, the side door of the van suddenly rolled open, and out popped a stark naked woman!
Owen hurriedly slid his body behind one of the large trees lining Tammy's home, trying to stay hidden under its silhouette.
Jaw dropping, he would recognise that evenly tanned tight sexy body and beautiful face anywhere -- it was his lovely wife, COMPLETELY NAKED in the suburban street. She did not even have shoes on.
Jasmine had always had an exhibitionist streak in her, and especially so during the past few months. In fact, in the last few weeks, she would only ever have sex with Owen if he allowed her to ride him reverse cowgirl while FACING OUT of their bedroom window with the curtains fully OPEN. He found it a huge turn and always came hard, so of course he had never complained.
But being fully undressed in the middle of their residential street was a whole new level, even for her!
He noticed that there was a slight circular glint at 3 rather odd areas on her body, glistening even under the dim and sparse street lighting -- his wife's nipples had a silvery twinkle, and so too her tip of her completely exposed shaved pussy. It was somewhat similar to what one would have expected to see on the cover of an adult magazine, as though bright "flashes" of light were being used to censor the most intimate areas of the pornstar.
Casting it off as probably nothing more than due to the peculiar angle at which the light was illuminating his wife's bare body, Owen continued watching the scene unfold with a frown.
Leaving her legs parted more than a foot wide, Jasmine was now casually untying her hair. Squinting his eyes, Owen could see that her hair and body was rather dirty, and there were even smears of dirt and dust in many areas.
Owen watched curiously as Jasmine carefully re-tied her luscious blonde hair into a tight bun. His beautiful busty wife was making no effort at all to cover up her naked delights at all!
Trying to peer into the window of the vehicle, he could vaguely make out a silhouette of a man. Owen frowned but resisted the urge to call out.
Suddenly, his voluptuous young wife began waving wildly, in his direction!
Hurriedly checking to see that his body was safely concealed behind Tammy's trees, Owen soon realised that she was not waving at HIM, but rather just in the general direction to her right. Jasmine followed it up by waving silently but vigorously to her left, as though she were a celebrity welcoming her fans.
Then, shockingly, the big breasted bombshell began doing JUMPING JACKS.
The first extremely wide jumping jack was done while she was still facing the door of the van.
But then, in what could only be described as a bid to INCREASE the exposure of her nude body, Jasmine suddenly turned a 180 degrees and took a couple of steps away from the van. Waving wildly to the right and left again, the chesty platinum blonde continued bouncing up and down, spreading her legs very wide in the process!
Squinting to take a closer look at the shiny glint between his wife's tanned thighs, gaping obscenely wide when she was in the "spread" position of the jumping jacks, Owen received two huge shocks.
The first was that Jasmine's ENGAGEMENT RING was attached to her clit, and he could see very clearly that his wife had decided to wear her diamond ring as a CLIT PIERCING!
And the second, due to the VERY AUDIBLE chimes coming from the blonde's jiggling form, he realised that her nipples were now adorned with silvery JINGLE BELLS!
Owen's jaw dropped, and he felt a flash of anger.
"What is she doing?" he wondered, noticing that the recycling van was beginning to move off slowly, "Stark naked in the middle of the street, and EXERCISING here?!"
The naked blonde continued her very obscene jumping jacks for a few more seconds, before Owen heard her shriek when she finally took a quick peek behind her.
"No.. No.. Please!" Jasmine shouted, chasing after the van.
Her nipple bells jingled audibly again -- and, in fact, rather amusingly, Owen thought.
Again resisting the urge to call out, Owen saw an arm emerge from the passenger's seat window, and there was a faint flash of bright red and green as he saw some small objects being hurled out.
Realising that they were about to land somewhere near him, he noticed that his beautiful curvy wife was now SPRINTING in his direction, her huge fake silicon melons -- which she had sold off the car, that he had bought for her, to get surgery for a few months ago, and which Owen had only recently begun to begrudgingly accept -- flopping wildly, with audible tinklings accompanying her every step.
The naked and barefoot exhibitionist, however, was clearly making no effort to cover her any part of her evenly tanned skin at all, focused only on running to the area where the small items had been thrown.
As the recycling van sped off, Owen quickly sidled his body behind a thick bush.
He watched as Jasmine quickly located one of the items. Apparently, one of the things that had been hurled out of the van was her pair of bright shiny 6 inch red heels, which she was evidently extremely fond of, having purchased them a few months ago, and for which Owen had constantly shared his reservations about how unprofessional they looked.
Jasmine's legs parted extremely wide as she sat her bare curvy ass on the pavement to strap on the heels.
His wife's pussy was pristinely shaved as usual, but flashing widely and openly pink as she sat there, she was undoubtedly without a care in the world that anyone walking by would have a front row view of her most intimate area!
Jasmine's perfect shave of her pubic hair was as presentable as the naked blonde's body got. Owen could now see that his naked wife's body was filthy, and there were visible beads of sweat and huge patches of dirt smears all over her smooth all-over tan.
Feeling another pang of anger at the realisation that there were very obvious HANDPRINTS on his wife's 36F jugs and silky inner thighs, it was quickly replaced with horror and rage when Owen saw the thick white trails of CUM leaking out from her hairless pussy, forming very visible sticky strips down the insides of her thighs.
As his stark naked wife stood up, picking up some bright green rubber bands from the ground nearby, Owen could now see that her wavy platinum blonde locks and pretty FACE were also cum-stained!
Having had a promotion at work the day before, all Owen had wanted to do was celebrate with his beautiful wife. As he had not managed to catch her since she had gotten home so late from work on Friday, and had left so early this morning, he had resolved to waiting for her, cooking up a nice dinner in the process. However, it was now apparent that his wife had not only been FUCKING someone else and letting that person cum inside her smooth pussy and all over her face, but she could very possibly have been doing it while NAKED IN PUBLIC, judging from how casually and intentionally she was exhibiting her body along their suburban street.
"JASMINE, WHAT THE FUCK?!"
Unable to control himself any longer, Owen stood up, revealing himself from behind the thick bush, and shouted.