Greetings everyone. Everyone one in this chapter is over the age of 18. All names and places are fictitious and as I have stated before, I love seeing a naked female, because it is the most beautiful sight in the world and I believe everyone should see them. But society does not allow it, so we just should use our imagination.
I wish to thank Sadkins 116 for all his help and guidance while I write.
*****
I slept great and when I woke up, and looked at my open door, I noticed I was being watched. Ron and Steve both stood at the door, just looking at me. Of course, I was naked without any covering on me. I smiled at them and crawled out of bed.
Once up, I had to go past them and into the bathroom. I knew I couldn't close that door either and they would be able to see me pee. It was exciting to know they would watch, but also humiliating having someone watch me pee.
I got to the bathroom, and turned to sit on the toilet. I sat down and automatically spread my legs. They told me that whenever I sat down I had to open up, even when I peed. They had followed me to the bathroom and stood in front of me, watching as I got ready to pee for them.
Both the guys were smiling as I was trying to get my pee started. It usually was not a problem, but with someone watching, it took more time. But, I finally started to dribble a little until I relaxed enough for it to flow out in a steady stream. I just peed in front of them, but I smiled at both while I did it.
Once done, I wiped and we all went to the kitchen where Joan and Steph were. They had the coffee ready and was fixing breakfast for all of us. I sat down with a hot cup of coffee and talked with the guys until breakfast was done.
We ate and then it was time to get ready for classes. They went into my room to decide what I should wear and I hoped they stood by their word that nothing would happen in classes. When they came out with the clothes for me, I was relieved.
They had panties, bra, nice blouse and a pair of jeans. I liked that, since I had to be in class most of the day. I got dressed and was told to meet them at the library after my last class and we all went our separate ways.
Classes were nice and I remembered, that I had to open my legs, even in class. That was the only thing they wanted from me during my classes. So, whenever I sat down, my legs were open, but nothing was seen because I had jeans on.
The last class of the day came and went and I walked to the library to meet my friends. They were all there waiting for me, but were still outside. I walked up to them and said I had a great day in class and thanked them for not making me do anything humiliating during the day.
But, I soon found out that was not going to last since classes were out. "Ok, Sally, take your blouse and jeans off and give them to me." Joan said
I looked at her like she was crazy. I mean, here I was out in the open, on campus, in front of a busy library and she wants me to take some of my clothes off. I started to tell her no way, but before I could, Ron said, "Remember your rules Sally. Anytime anyplace."
I just shrugged my shoulders and began to undo my blouse. I slipped it off me and handed it to Joan, then un-snapped the Jeans, pulled the zipper down and slid them down and off my legs. Now, I stood in front of my 4 friends and anyone else who happened to look with just my bra and panties.
Once Joan had my clothes in her hands, Steph said, "Sally, we are going home now. You will walk home today, just like you are. Be sure to stay out in the open. No hiding anything. And before you say anything, if you complain, you will do it naked."
"One of us will stay behind to watch you, but you won't see us." Ron told me. "We need you to close your eyes, count to 50 and then start heading home. See you there."
I did what I was told, closed my eyes and started counting. This was going to be different from what I wanted to do, but I guess walking around in just my underwear is almost like being naked. Especially since the panties and bra they had given me this morning were very sheer. Plus, the panties were a thong, which would show everyone my naked ass as I walked through the campus and then the short street to our house.
Once I finished counting, I opened my eyes and looked around. I didn't see any of my friends, but did notice some other people staring at me. I guess I must have looked strange standing out in the open, practically naked. But, as I started walking, I thought about what I had always wanted to do. Yes, I always wanted to be exposed to others and my friends are making sure I got my wish.
But, my most private areas were covered a little, even if they could be seen through the thin material. The bad part was, my pussy started leaking and the thin panties were getting wet and more transparent. Before long my slit was on display for all to see. I prayed that none of the professors and especially the dean didn't see me. It would have been bad enough for my fellow classmates to see me like this, but, I did ask for it.
I felt more naked this way than if I had been naked. I just walked toward our house and saw some other students staring at me, but so far no one approached me. That is until just as I was leaving the campus, 2 girls came up to me. One on each side of me.
I didn't know them and don't think I had ever seen them before. "Why are you walking around in just your underwear?" "Are you ok?" "Did someone make you do this?" Were the questions they were asking me.
"I'm like this because of a dare and have to walk all the way home like this." "Yes, I'm ok. No one has hurt me." "Well, yes they did make me do this, but it is part of the dare and I have to do it." were my answers to the questions.
"I got it, it is one of those sorority things to become a sister, Right?"
I giggled, knowing that wasn't why, but thought it was a good excuse. "Yes, I'm trying to pledge and this is what I have to do. I was told if I can make it to the house like this, I would be able to join them for the rest of the initiation."
They left me alone as I left the campus and walked the short distance to our house. My panties were so wet that they were now so transparent that my pussy was right out there for all to see. I got to the door and stepped inside. Once I closed the door, I took my bra and panties off and went to find the others. Ron walked in the house shortly after me. I guess he had the duty of watching me take my shameful walk.
We all sat in the living room and discussed what I did. Of course, the big chair was left for me and as I sat down, I put my legs over the arms to show them all my very wet pussy. I knew it was open for them to see inside me. I had to really fight not to ask if someone would fuck me, but I was determined to keep my virginity.
"We decided to pick up dinner tonight, so you won't have to show off for any deliveries. We got Chinese food, if that is OK." Joan told me.
"Yes, I like that and I am hungry. Showing off like I have been, gets my appetite up. So, let's eat and then maybe just watch some TV or something." I told them.
We all got up and went to the kitchen to fix our plates. Of course, it had cooled off, so we had to nuke it. It was very good and they got everything I liked to eat. Guess they have been paying attention to my likes for a while now.
After we ate and got everything cleaned up, with the leftovers going in the fridge, we all settled back in the living room. Of course, no one sat in the big chair. They must have decided that is my chair at all times. I sat down, flipped my legs up over the arms and showed off my very wet pussy.
Steve turned the TV on and what I saw was myself. It showed me in the restaurant, the gas station and even me stripping out of my jeans and top to walk around in just my underwear. I looked hot in all the videos and the others were enjoying my nudity.
I heard them discussing what had taken place and I was asked about each scene and what I thought about doing it. They also asked me if I wanted to continue showing off and of course, I said I sure do.
But then, Joan surprised me. "Sally, we noticed that you are always wet and we wondered if you still want to stay a virgin. I mean, you know it would take the edge off if you had sex with someone."
"No Joan, I want to be a virgin until Mr. Right comes along and I plan on being with him forever." I told her.
"But you are always wet and we all thought maybe if you got laid, it might help you." Steph said.
"Well, thanks' for thinking about me, but I'm ok with the way it is right now. Besides, I have my fingers to help me out." I said.
"Well, if you don't want to get laid then why don't you show us how you use your fingers and then cum for us. We'd all enjoy that." Ron said.
I sat there in the chair, legs over the arms with my pussy in plain view of my 4 friends. Now they want me to play with it and get off when I do. Well, I asked for this, so why not. A little extra humiliation won't hurt and I get to cum.
I nodded that I would and my fingers went to work on my super wet pussy. I was always careful not to put them inside me to far so I didn't break my hymen myself. I couldn't even use a toy to help me because it would pop my cherry and I wanted a stiff dick to do that for me some day.
I played with my pussy for them and I looked at them while I did it. They were all videotaping me, but I didn't care. I was going to have a big orgasm for them and still remain a virgin. The things they have had me do, showing off my naked body turned me on so much and I was so wet down there.
I even heard the slurping noise as my fingers danced around my pussy. I was leaking like a sieve and I knew I was making the house smell like my pussy. I loved it.
After I played with myself for about 10 minutes, I felt the tingle coming and knew I might even squirt this time. I had only squirted one time before when I had played with myself, but I was alone then. I think when I have others seeing me, I will squirt.
I let my fingers slowly play with my pussy and I was so close now. Then, it hit me. I snapped my legs together and started cumming. And, just as I snapped them closed, a large amount of my sweet juice was squirting from my naked and bald pussy. It shot out from me like water out of a garden hose and went half way across the room. And they got it all on tape. I knew I would beg to watch it later.
I just laid back in the chair, with my eyes closed. Wow, that was quite an orgasm. I don't think I have ever cum like that before. I guess this thing with allowing my friends to show me off and have me do things for them is one big turn on.
I felt someone close to my pussy and opened my eyes. It was Steph with a warm wet wash cloth and she was cleaning my very wet hole. She smiled when she wiped me and then said, "Sally that was amazing. Next time, we will have you do it with others watching."
I couldn't talk. I just nodded and closed my eyes again. She finished wiping the juice from me and then placed my legs back over the arms of the chair. I couldn't even move them myself. I was so weak and satisfied.
I dozed off in the chair, with my friends staring at my naked pussy. It was opened and I think it even winked at them. But, I couldn't move or do anything, so just took a quick nap.
I am not sure how long I had been sleeping, but when I woke up, no one was there. I wondered where they all went and started to get up. Just as I closed my legs to stand, all 4 of them came into the living room.
It was still strange to be totally naked when everyone else had clothes on, but it is something I loved doing. I never did like wearing clothes, so now I can be naked and no one will tell me to get dressed.
"Oh, look guys. Sally is awake. How do you feel now Sally?" Ron asked me.
"I am so relaxed and happy. Thank you, guys, for making me do everything. I am really enjoying this." I said.
"That is great to hear Sally, because we have so many things we expect to do with you." Steve told me.
"Are you ready to continue Sally?" Ron asked.
"Yeah, whenever you all want to. But, please don't get me in trouble, arrested or fucked." I said.
They all laughed at that. "Well, we don't plan on doing any of that Sally, unless you want to lose your cherry." Steph laughed.
"OK, then, we didn't get the mail today, so why don't you walk to the mail boxes and get ours for us." Joan told me.
"Sure, what do you want me to wear?" I asked.
All of them answered at the same time. "NOTHING"
Oh, my god, they want me to walk out the front door, and to the street to check our mail. I wasn't sure about this. It was just turning dark and I was sure others would be out and would see me.
"Are you sure you want me to walk out of here naked? I mean, others may be outside and see me if I don't have something on." I asked.
"Yep, that is the plan Sally. You told us you wanted others to see your naked body, so now is your chance to prove it." Ron said.
"Well, ok, but if I get in trouble for getting arrested for indecent exposure, it is all your fault." I said, but giggled some.
I did ask for this, but didn't realize just how far my friends were going to take it. And I agreed to let them make me do anything they wanted so I would be seen naked and humiliated.
I got up and headed to the door. I thought they might tell me to stop, because it was just a joke. But, no one said anything as I opened the front door. I looked out to see if anyone was around. Seeing no one, I stepped outside and started walking to the mail boxes.
I suddenly remembered it took a key to open the box, so turned around and headed back to the house. "Hope you aren't chickening out, Sally" Joan said.
"No, Joan, I forgot the key." I told her. "Once I get it, I will go back and get the mail."
They all laughed as I went inside, got my key for the box and started my walk once again. I knew they were watching and taking a video of me walking outside naked, but I just walked all the way to the mail box, totally naked.
I didn't see anyone on the way there and hoped that I could get the mail and return without being seen. But my luck was not with me. I got the box opened, retrieved the mail and closed the box. Just as I was turning around, one of my neighbors appeared.
"Sally, why are you out here without any clothes on?" He asked.
"Oh, Hi Jim. I lost a bet with my roommates and this is what I have to do. Get the mail while naked." I told him.
My face was beet red and I was shaking on the inside. But, at the same time, I was excited to be seen. Just like I always dreamed of. I just stood there, and let him look at me. My feet wouldn't move.
"Well, I am kind of happy you lost your bet. If they had lost, would they do the same?" He asked.
Of course, I had to lie to him. I couldn't say no because this is my dream. So, I just said, "Yes they would."
He got closer to me and I still couldn't move. He was staring at my naked body and I could see he was excited. I hoped he didn't try anything with me. I wanted to get back inside, but my feet would not move. I saw my friends standing back taking videos of me with Jim. I would be able to see my reaction later, but I wanted to leave.
"Well, since you are naked and I have seen all of you, want to go to my place for some fun?" Jim inquired.
"No, Jim, I can't do that. I'm still a virgin so don't want to ruin that." I said, but then added, "But if you want to touch me, I'll let you."
"You mean you would just stand there and let me feel you up?" He asked me.
"Yes, but just for a short time. I have to get back inside." I told him.
Well, he took me up on it and soon had his hands on my tits, ass and my crotch. He was rubbing me all over, but when he started to put a finger in my pussy, I had to stop him.
"Sorry, Jim, but the fun is over. I said I was a virgin, but you tried to put a finger in me. So, no more playing with me." I told him as I walked away.
He stood and watched my naked ass retreat to my friends and the safety of the house. My friends were in front of me and behind me taking videos. I am sure they will look great when I get to see them all. They were all laughing about what had happened and once inside, we discussed it.
I said, "It was exciting to be seen and touched, but also was very scary." I wasn't sure I wanted to do that again, but if they told me to, I probably would do it.
I sat in the chair, flipped my legs up on the arms and waited to see what was next. At this point, I hoped we could just stay in and relax, but if they wanted to go out, I would go with them. They had all the authority to make me do anything, since I said they could.
My pussy was totally exposed to them once I spread my legs, like they want me to be in the house. Steph said, "Damn, Sally, your pussy is dripping wet. Did that turn you on that much?"
I turned red again, but said, "Well, it isn't everyday a naked lady walks outside like that and gets played with by a man. I had to stop him because he was trying to put a finger in me. I explained I was still a virgin and he wasn't about to pop my cherry with his finger. But, to answer your question, it turned me on totally."
We all laughed and then Joan said, "Well, it is time for your shave and Ron gets to do the honors tonight. You ready Ron?"
"Hell, yes I'm ready. You might need to help me so I don't cut something. But, let's do it." He said.
He started with my arm pits and then did my legs, with the help of Joan and Steph. He admitted he had never shaved his legs before and we all got a nice laugh out of that. But now that they were done it was time for the shaving of my once private area.
He did just what Joan did and had me spread my legs so he could stand between them to shave my pubic mound. He lathered me up and his hands felt nice on my naked bald pussy mound. Then he shaved all around to make sure it was nice and smooth.
Once that was done, he had me put my feet on the table and spread my legs so he could get around my pussy lips. I said, "Ron, I know you have to put your fingers in my pussy to stretch my lips out, but please be careful and don't go too far. I need to keep my cherry for a while longer."
"Don't worry Sally, I won't pop it with my finger unless you start squirming around too much." He said.
I laid still for him and he was very gentle with me. He shaved my pussy and then my ass and added some cream to it so it was nice and smooth. He moved back away from me and took a picture of me like that. But then, he leaned back and kissed me right on my pussy. Wow that felt good.
"OK, that was nice." He said. "I am going to enjoy shaving you all the time now. And to tell you the truth Sally, you have a very pretty, pussy. Not as pretty as Joan's, but very pretty."
He saved himself on that one. He had to tell everyone that Joan had a prettier pussy than me because I think she would have been mad at him.
"Ok, I think it is bed time. We all have classes again tomorrow." Steph said.
"Good idea" Joan said. "Sally, leave the door open, but you can cover up."
Then we all went our separate ways. Steph and Steve to one bedroom, Joan and Ron to another and I went to my own, all alone and naked.