There's no way I would have known it at the time, but, the events that began that fateful morning in April set in motion a chain of events which would dramatically change and influence my life. In the matter of just a few hours, I would be introduced to the excitement of being naked in front of a fully dressed woman, and at the same time, I'd meet my future wife.
Way back then, when Paula and I were both students at Georgia Tech University in Atlanta, neither one of us ever heard of CFNM, or, Clothed Female – Nude Male. But now, even today, it's still an exciting part of our lives.
It was a warm, spring Saturday morning, just a week or so after we'd all returned from Spring Break. I lived in one of the coed dorms on campus, and I was up early so I could get over to the library before it got crowded. It was close to 8:00 AM, and after dragging myself out of bed, I found myself relaxing under a nice warm shower about to stroke myself into a long awaited orgasm when the dorm fire alarms went off.
The fire alarms in the dorm seemed to have a sense of humor - coming alive and clanging at all hours of the day or night. At least this time, it wasn't cold, rainy or in the middle of the night. So, cursing to myself and delaying my much needed jack off session, I toweled off as best I could. Then, throwing on a t-shirt, some nylon shorts and my sneakers, I joined the rest of the students in the stairwells as we headed down the stairs, and outside. I'd learned by now that we wouldn't be allowed back inside until the fire department came and cleared the building, so, once I got outside, I walked out to the middle of the parking lot and sat down in solitude on the curb surrounding the bicycle racks.
Shortly, we heard the sirens, and as the campus police moved the crowd back, the fire trucks arrived and firemen began making their way into the dorm. While I watched all this, a girl on a bicycle rode up and parked her bike in the rack next to where I was sitting. I guessed she'd been to the book store, judging from the things in her basket.
"Again?" The girl asked. "This is ridiculous. The school needs to get those things fixed."
"Uh huh." I replied. "The fire department just got here, so, it's gonna be at least another half hour before they let us back in."
The girl sat on her bike and we shared small talk while we waited to get the 'all clear' to go back inside. I learned her name was Paula, she was a freshman majoring in engineering, she was from Savannah, and her father was a railroad man. She lived up on the third floor, while my room was on the second floor. Because I was in my third year, I didn't have any classes with her and since I hadn't run into her in the dorms, I'd never met her until now.
Paula struck me as being really nice – one of those innocent, pixie looking girls who was good looking. Plus, she had something I'd always been enchanted with - that deep, southern female accent. One thing I immediately noticed about Paula was she didn't have that 'cute college girl' stuck up attitude – she seemed down to earth, with a seemingly warm and genuine personality. So, as she sat on her bike, we talked about dorm life, school, parents – just about everything under the sun to kill the time.
After about fifteen minutes, I happen to look down and received the shock of my life when I saw my shorts were sagging open and my bare cock was completely visible to Paula as she sat on her bike above me. In my haste to evacuate the dorm, I'd just slipped the nylon shorts on, with no underwear, and the way I was sitting, the leg holes of the shorts simply opened up and, there it was – my wiener, in all its glory.
In the space of an instant, I realized I'd been sitting like this since Paula rode up on her bike, and she probably had a perfect view of my exposed cock and balls as she looked down into my shorts.
"Fuck!" I said, as I reached down to adjust myself and straighten my shorts out.
"No, uh..... it's okay, Tom." Paula replied as soon as she saw me react. "I don't mind. Really," she added as she shook her hands from side to side, "you don't have to..... uh, do anything."
"Well," I answered, sarcastically, as I tucked my cock back into my shorts and stood up next to her, "it's not your dick hanging out." Then pointing over to the rest of the students waiting to go back in the dorm, I said, "There's 200 people standing around out here."
I was about to turn and walk away, feeling extremely embarrassed knowing I'd just let this girl stare at my package, when she said, "Oh, come on, Tom, they're way over there and I've been keeping an eye out..... I would have warned you if someone came this way. "
"Let me get this straight." I replied. "You sat there the whole time and looked at my dick?" I asked.
"Well, yeah." Paula answered. "I was just being polite. If I'd said something you would have totally freaked out.... just like you're doing now. "
"And so," I replied, trying to make my point, "if I wouldn't have noticed, you were planning to just sit there on that bike and stare down at my dick until they told us we could go back in the dorm?"
"Uh huh." She said. "Look, it wasn't hurting anyone, Tom, and I didn't want to embarrass you. What would I have said, anyway? 'Oh, excuse me, but your penis is showing?' Besides...." Paula paused for a few seconds, "a girl doesn't get a chance like that very often."
I began to say something, but, she interrupted me, asking, "If it had been me sitting there and you could see into my shorts like that, would you have said something?"
She had me there. I stood for a few seconds trying to think of a reason why I wouldn't look at her pussy if the situation was reversed, but, I couldn't come up with one. And so understanding her reasoning, I said, "Okay, I guess it's no big deal." Then, laughing, I added, "As long as you're not going to report me as a flasher or something like that."
Laughing along with me, she finally got off her bike. While she bent down to pull her chain lock through her tire rim, she turned and said, "No, I wouldn't do anything like that, but, uh, I honestly wouldn't mind looking at your penis a little more."
"What?" I replied, not believing what I'd heard.
"Look at it this way, Tom," she explained, "if you wouldn't have noticed, you'd still be sitting there and I'd still be looking. And you just said yourself it was no big deal, so, you know...... you could always just sit back down and let me continue looking while we wait to get back inside."
Holy crap! Paula was asking me to voluntarily expose myself with probably 200 people around. Sure, they were at the other side of the parking lot, and, I'd been sitting with my back to them to them the whole time, but, man – was she out of her mind? What if someone came over, or what if we got caught?
As I thought about it, Paula leaned up against the bike rack and said, "I understand if you're too scared. I just thought it would be fun, that's all."
"It's not that I'm scared. I've had girlfriends before, Paula." I explained. "It's just a little freaky to let a chick see your cock in public. But, let's just say I'd do it, what would you do for me?" I asked.
"I don't know if I'd do anything." She answered. "What would you want?"
I smiled to myself, thinking what I might want in return..... maybe a blow job or a hand job. But before I could answer she said, "You're not seeing me naked or anything like that, so don't even think about it, Tom."
Then, it came to me in a flash of genius. She definitely had something I wanted, I was sure of it. So, grinning back at her I answered, "How about your panties?"
"My underwear?" She asked, curiously.
"Yes." I answered. "The ones you're wearing now. I'll let you look at me as much as you want before they let us go in, but in return, you have to let me have the panties you're wearing."
"That's bizarre, Tom." Paula replied, then cracking a smile she asked, "Are you some kind of panty weirdo?"
"Bizarre or not, that's the deal, Paula." I said. "Take it or leave it. Your panties in exchange for another look at my dick."
Paula thought about it for a minute and then smiled a sly smile back at me. "Alright," she said, "but you have to promise me you won't breathe a word of this to anyone. No bragging to your friends that I gave you my underpants, and no showing them to anyone. I'd just die if it got around school that I gave you my panties."
"No problem." I answered, as I sat back down on the curb. Then, while she watched intently, I twisted my butt on the concrete and spread my feet until the leg holes of my shorts opened up. "Can you see?" I asked.
Paula moved to the side a little and looked down into my shorts. "Yeah," she answered, "but not as good as before. Can you, uh..... you know.... pull yourself out a little for me?"
Glancing around to make sure no one was close, I casually moved my hand down between my legs and reached into the leg hole of my shorts. Grabbing the head of my cock, I stretched it out and pushed my shorts aside so my wiener was almost flopping out. I knew she had a good view, now – even better than she had before.
"Wow." She said softly, as she looked down at me. After a minute, she moved closer, almost so she was standing between my feet, and peered between my legs. Then glancing up and looking around us, she said, "I can't believe we're doing this."
"Doing what?" I asked.
"Think about it, Tom. We're outside, in the dorm parking lot..... there's a bunch of people over there and you're showing me your penis." Paula remarked. "It's just so weird..... I mean, and amazing, too." Just then, Paula abruptly stopped speaking and stared between my legs.
I wasn't surprised when I started to get hard, although I was a bit paranoid someone might see. But, there was nothing I could do, so I let it happen and despite my better judgment, I didn't cover myself. You should have seen her eyes light up when she saw me getting thicker and harder. You could almost read the expression on her face as I got longer and then started to become erect right in front of her eyes. With every millimeter I rose, her expression got more and more excited and her eyes filled with wonder. By the time I was fully hard, my cock was sticking up through the leg hole of my shorts, straining for the sky. I moved my elbows down to my waist to shield my fully raised pole from the side view, and even though I was nervous, I just sat there and let her look at me.
I have to admit, I was seriously turned on, and that's no understatement. I'm not sure if it was because we were outside, or because I was sure she wanted to see my cock, or if I was just a horny college student who didn't have time to jack off in the shower this morning. Regardless of why, though, I was enjoying showing off my cock.
Fortunately, I was blessed with a longer than average cock. It's not a monster, by any means, but when I'm hard it's almost a full nine inches, so as I sat there with my long, hard cock poking up out of my shorts, Paula was not only surprised, I think she was completely blown away.
"Uh..... Tom." Paula said softly as she discretely looked around and pointed down at my cock. "I think you've got an erection." She added, almost breathless.
"Yeah." I replied.
"It's beautiful." She said, her eyes frozen on my rigid pole. "I, uh, don't have any brothers, or boy cousins, Tom." Paula explained as she blushed a deep red. "So, uh, this is the first real erection I've ever seen...... besides in pictures, I mean."
"No shit?" I asked. "You've never seen a guy's hard-on before?"
"No." Paula said as she stared at my cock. "Does it hurt when it's like that?" She asked.
"Nah, it doesn't hurt." I laughed, "It only hurts if I don't take care of it every now and then."
"You mean like, uh...... masturbation?" Paula asked, her face shocked in horror.
I smiled and laughed at her. I couldn't help it. "Listen," I replied, "every guy in that dorm is jerking himself off at least four or five times a week, and I bet most guys are doing it daily, so don't act so surprised."
"God!" Paula said, in complete shock. "You're kidding!"
"No, not at all." I assured her. "All guys do it. And don't try to bullshit me, girls do it, too."
"Well, maybe so, but we don't do it that much!" Paula answered, obviously embarrassed to be talking to me about masturbation. "Maybe once a month, but not every day!"
About that time, the campus police started blowing their whistles and waving everyone back into the dorm. Paula finally took her eyes off my cock, saying, "Guess we can go in now." When she took a step back, I started to panic thinking she was just going to leave me there, sitting on that curb all alone with my hard-on sticking up
"Paula..... wait!" I begged. "I can't go in there like this! I can't even stand up until it goes down."
"Oh." She said, genuinely surprised. "Can't you just make it go down?"
"No, it doesn't work like that." I replied. "Haven't you ever had a horny boyfriend" I asked as I laughed.
"I don't date, Tom. I'm on a scholarship and I don't have time for anything but studying." Paula explained. "I went out a few times with a boy back home, but I've never gone steady with anyone."
"You're kidding me, right?" I asked. "You've never seen a guy with a hard-on?"
I could see Paula was embarrassed now, and I probably said the wrong thing to her, but, damn, the girl was pretty cute and somehow I just didn't believe she was this naïve. It was beyond me to think she was completely inexperienced with guys.
So, taking a different tact, I said, "Okay, so maybe you don't know much about guys, but, there's really only two ways to get it to go down."
"And what's that?" Paula asked.
"We could let it go down by itself." I replied. "But, that might take a while, and it's definitely not going down with you standing there looking at it."
"Why not?" Paula asked.
"Because," I said, having to spell it out for her, "I'm getting turned by you looking at it."
"So, I'm making you have an erection?" She asked.
"Yes." I said, as I smiled up at her. Then breaking into a laugh, I added, "It's your fault, Paula. You gave me this erection."
She seemed to be happy with herself once I told her she'd given me the hard-on by looking at me. But, her pride seemed to turn to shock when I said, "The other option, of course, is, uh, I'll have to.... you know.... play with myself to get it to go down."
"Really?" She asked. "Not right here, though!" Paula said, as she looked down at me.
"No," I answered, "we'll have to go inside. If you keep your end of the deal, and give me your panties, that will help."
Paula looked at me with a puzzled look on her face. I could see she had no clue what I meant, and based on what I'd learned about her in the last thirty minutes, I didn't think she was trying to act innocent. Facing the fact that Paula probably led a sheltered life and had virtually no experience with guys, I accepted the fact she was clueless what my intention was in regard to her panties.
"How about this." I finally said. "Let's try to get upstairs without anyone seeing my hard-on. Then, if you'll give me your panties, I'll let you watch me take care of myself."
Paula's jaw dropped and her expression went blank. "You're serious?" She asked.
"Sure," I replied, "but you have to give me your panties..... the ones you have on now, and," I added, "I get to keep them."
Paula started looking around. Most of the other students had already made their way inside the dorm, leaving us pretty much alone outside. "Well," she mumbled, "I guess that's okay. You're really going to do that, though? Let me watch you masturbate?"
Thinking quickly, I pointed to the books she had in her basket and asked her to hand me the big one. When she did, I laid it in my lap and reached under the book to stuff my cock back into my shorts. Then, standing up, I pulled my t-shirt down and held her book in front of my shorts. "How's it look?" I asked. "Can you tell?"
Paula looked down at my shorts and shook her head. "It looks fine. I can't tell a thing."
"Good." I said, turning to her. "Come on, let's go before I have some kind of accident."
As we walked, I leaned over to her and asked, "Are we going to your room, or mine? My roommates are gone this morning, so we can go there if you want."
"My roommates are gone for the whole weekend," Paula replied, "would you mind if we went to mine? I think I'd feel more comfortable in my own room..... especially for something like this."
"You're going to give me your panties, right?" I asked, just to make sure.
"Yes, Tom." She answered. "I'm going to give you my panties. But, that's all. Nothing else, okay? No touching, or anything. Then you're going to..... you know."
"Go on, Paula," I jokingly taunted her, "I dare you to say it. Say 'Jerk off'."
"Masturbate." She said, turning and smiling at me.
"No. Come on, I know you can say it." I teased.
"I tell you what," I added, "if you say 'Tom, I want to watch you jerk your cock and cum on my panties' I'll do it for you again later today – after I study for a while, uh, when I get back from the library."
"Yeah," she laughed, "like I'd ever be caught using that kind of filthy talk."
"Okay," I said as we reached the large glass doors of the dorm, "I was offering to masturbate again for you later, but, if you don't want to see......"
"Ssshhh!" Paula exclaimed, looking at me as if I'd embarrassed her. I held the door open for her while she walked in ahead of me. In the lobby, she ran into one of her friends and I stood next to her as they chatted for a few seconds. I could tell Paula was nervous with me standing there, so I just smiled and nodded my head until their conversation was over and the other girl walked away. As we headed up the stairs, she stopped on the landing between the first and second floor and looked at me.
"Okay." She said, as she came to an abrupt halt.
Then, shaking her finger at me, she added, "I'll say it. But, only because I want to prove to you that I can."
"Well, go ahead, then." I challenged her. "Tell me you want to watch me jerk off and cum all over your panties. That's all you have to say. If you do, then I'll come back after I go to the library and I'll stroke my cock just for you. I'll even let you touch it."
"Oh, my God!" She gasped.
"Say it." I dared her. "No one will know. And, don't say you're not interested in watching me. I can tell you are...... you're enjoying this as much as I am."
Paula turned, and without saying a word, kept going up the stairs until we reached the third floor. "I'm down this way." She motioned with her head. "324".
When we got to her room, she looked at me and shrugged her shoulders. "I still can't believe I'm doing this." Paula sighed, slipping her key into the knob and unlocking the door. Her room was almost spotless – everything in its place, nothing on the floor, just like no one lived there. She had a quad room, meaning she had three roommates, and they were probably all 'neat freaks'. Boy, would she have a heart attack if she ever saw my room!
"Which bed is yours?" I asked.
Paula pointed to the one with the pink bedspread. "That makes sense." I said to myself. Then, turning to hand her the book I'd used to shield my throbbing cock, I reminded her about her panties.
"I know." She said. "You stay here and I'll go in the bathroom and take them off."
So, as I watched, Paula walked the five or six steps to the bathroom and closed the door. I had to smile and laugh when I heard the lock on the bathroom door click. I mean, did she really think I was going to barge in on her to try to catch her with her shorts and panties pulled down?
Looking around her room, there was a slim chest of drawers butted up against the end of her bed and I walked over to it. It had all kinds of girl things on top of it – and most of them were pink, so I was pretty sure it was hers. Glancing over to the bathroom door to make sure she wasn't coming out, I opened the top drawer and hit pay dirt – her lingerie drawer.
All her lingerie was folded perfectly. All her panties were folded and stacked in precise rows, all separated by color. On the side, there were two rows of bras and I couldn't help myself from reaching in and turning one of them over to check the size of one. Fishing out the strap, I twisted it over and read the tag: 32AA.
"Oh, yeah!" I groaned to myself. "Perfect. A small tit girl."
It was decadently perverse of me to be looking at her bras and panties, but as soon as I found out she was small on top, I felt my cock throb in my shorts. If I'd been able to steal one of her bras, I'd have done it. I simply love small tits and finding out she was a tiny-top was making my boner dance inside my shorts.
I folded her bra up just like I found it and quickly closed the drawer. Then moving back to where I was before she stepped into the bathroom, I stood there and waited. A few seconds later the door popped open and she came out empty handed – no panties.
"I'm sorry." She said, apologizing to me. "I can't give you these panties."
"Hey," I argued, "I thought we had a deal."
"We did," she replied, "but, I just can't give you these. I can give you another pair, though." She added as she crossed in front of me toward her dresser.
"No way." I said, standing my ground. "You made a deal and promised me. I want the ones you have on now. Are you going back on your word?"
"Tom," she pleaded, "I know what I said and I was going to, I swear I was, but, I just can't. I'd be too embarrassed."
"Why?" I asked.
"None of your business!" Paula exclaimed.
"Oh, you're not getting out of this that easy." I retorted. "I think you owe me a better explanation than that. I let you see my dick and even let you see me with a hard-on. I can't believe you're backing out after I did all that for you."
"Please, Tom." Paula begged. "I'll give you another pair, or even two – and you can keep them both. But, I can't give you the ones I have on right now."
"Is it because they're wet? Because you got all excited while you were looking at me?" I finally asked.
Paula didn't answer, but, she didn't have to because the deep crimson color that immediately spread all over her face gave me my answer.
"Paula," I said, "we had a deal. I did something intimate and personal for you with the understanding you were going to do the same for me. I was counting on your panties being wet..... that's exactly why I suggested it. Hey, I'm prepared to strip and let you watch me jack off, remember? That's embarrassing, too, don't you think?"
"But, you don't understand, Tom." Paula groaned. "It's really embarrassing. They're not just wet, they're sopping wet. They're gross, Tom. Believe me, you don't want them."
"But that's where you're wrong." I replied. "That's what I was hoping for. Why do you think I asked for your panties? I knew they'd probably be wet and they'd really get me off smelling your smell."
"That's sick!" Paula hissed.
"Oh, it is?" I answered defiantly. "You mean to tell me that a man who's attracted to a woman's natural scent is sick? Let me ask you this," I paused, "have you ever had a guy go down on you..... kiss and lick you down there?"
"No." She said, turning her head away from me. "I've never done anything like that."
"Well, you know any guy you get serious with is going to want to do that, don't you? Surely you've heard of oral sex?" I asked.
"Yes," she replied, "I know all that and I've heard the other girls talk about oral sex. I just didn't want you to see my panties like this. I don't want you to think I'm a slut."
"Actually," I said, "it's pretty clear to me you're probably a virgin, and I admire that, really, I do. You've probably never let anyone touch you and you've probably never touched a naked guy, or even seen a guy naked. But, I think we're both adults here. We both know a woman's vagina gets wet when they get excited. We both know men get hard-ons when they get excited. I'm offering to let you look at me as much as you want. I'm going to masturbate for you so you can see how a guy does it and I'm going to ejaculate right in front of you. I think if I'm willing to do that, you ought to be willing to let me have your wet panties."
I immediately sensed she wasn't going to budge, so I gave up and said, "Paula, I'm not going to force you, I'm not that kind of guy. But, I'll keep my end of the deal. If you don't want to give me your panties, then, fine. I'll just do my thing and you can watch and then I'll go."
I reached to the hem of my shirt and pulled it over my head. Then turning toward her bed, I tossed my shirt over there. Standing bare chested in front of her, I could see the consternation in her face as she thought about her dilemma. I was just about to shove my shorts down when she spoke.
"Okay." Paula said softly. "You can have my panties."
Then, turning back to her bathroom, she walked away shaking her head, saying, "Oh, God, this is going to be so embarrassing."
This time when she closed the door, she didn't lock it. But, I wasn't concerned with that, I figured it was now or never for me, so without any more thought, I put my thumbs in the waistband of my shorts and pulled them down and off. Tossing my shorts over to her bed, I reached down to tug on my still throbbing pole and turned to face her bathroom. Regardless of whether she went through with it, or not, my hour long hard on needed some relief and I was going to get it – and I was going to get it soon.
It wasn't but a few moments later that I heard Paula's bathroom door open and a second later, she walked out and saw me standing there, naked. Paula stopped dead in her tracks, frozen, with her eyes locked on my erect cock. I was happy to see she was hiding something behind her back – something I prayed was her panties.
"Do you want to sit or stand while I do this?" I asked
"Huh?" Paula asked, as if she didn't hear me.
"I'm going to masturbate for you now." I reminded her. "Do you want to make yourself comfortable and sit down somewhere, or, do you want to stand?"
"Uh...." She mumbled in shock as she looked at me. Then, pointing at her bed, she took a step or two around me and then sat down on her bed.
I was elated to see she was carrying something in her hand, something pink. "Do you have something there for me?" I asked softly.
As if she was in a trance, she stretched out her hand and handed me her panties, never taking her eyes off my cock. And, as if she suddenly forgot all her embarrassment and the fuss she put up about her panties, she sat on the side of her bed and stared at me. I moved directly in front of her and I stood silently while she looked at my naked body.
"Do you want to feel it?" I asked.
She shook her head from side to side. "No." She said quietly.
"It's okay if you do, Paula." I reassured her. "I won't ever tell anyone. If you're curious what it feels like, go ahead and touch it."
"No." She replied, finally looking up at me. "I couldn't..... uh, I can't."
"But, you can if you want to." I answered. "I'll just stand here, Paula. You can touch me anywhere you want and I won't move an inch. No one is going to know.... no one is going to find out..... no one is going to think you're a bad girl. This is a good opportunity for you to learn about the male body, you know. How many guys do you think are going to let you have a chance like this without expecting something in return?"
"No." She repeated. "Thank you for offering, but, I just can't. It wouldn't be right."
"Okay, then," I replied, "but I'll leave the offer open and maybe once you get the courage, you'll change your mind." Paula didn't look up and me, but she nodded her head as she stared at my cock. And while she watched, I turned my attention to the gift she'd given me - her panties.
She wasn't kidding when she said they were wet. I'd already felt the moisture emanating from her panties as I held them in my hand, but now that I was looking at them, my cock gave its undeniable approval.
Paula watched in fascination as it lurched up and down , and when I saw her mesmerized by my cock, I clenched my muscles, making my cock head turn red and the shaft resonate back and forth. Paula gasped as she watched, and I found myself being terribly turned on just standing naked in front of her. I even began to turn my hips from side to side, causing my cock to sway back and forth in front of her. I was loving this.
Over the next few minutes, I didn't even pay her panties any attention because I was trying so hard to put myself on display for her and give her a good show. The whole time I was doing this, she sat there like a statue as her eyes roved across my naked body. I finally reached out and grasped my cock as I looked down at her. Her eyes briefly looked up and met mine, and I could see the anticipation in her eyes for what was to come. But, instead of jacking myself, I simply lifted my cock to my belly, showing her my balls.
Her lips parted, and I heard a soft moan escape as I stood there in front of her. Gently, I rocked my pelvis up and back, which made my balls sway out toward her and then back under my body. I did that for a minute while she watched intently, and with each second, I could see her chest rise and fall with deep breaths. She was most assuredly interested in what she was looking at, and I was sure her excitement was growing just as fast as mine.
"Paula," I said softly, "are you sure you don't want to touch me? You can, you know. I said it was okay. I won't think anything bad about you if you do. You must be curious."
She didn't answer me. But, she did look up into my eyes and slightly shake her head from side to side.
"Okay," I said in response, "I understand. You don't have to. But, can you tell me," I asked, holding out the panties she handed me, "if these are the panties you were wearing, what do you have on under your shorts right now?"
"Nothing." She said, faintly, almost too soft to hear.
"So, think about this," I said, speaking almost as soft as she had, "A naked guy is standing right in front of you showing off his cock and balls. He has your wet panties in his hands and you know pretty soon he's going to masturbate and ejaculate in front of you. You're sitting there with no panties on, and the guy knows it. Now, isn't that erotic? Doesn't the whole thought of that turn you on?"
Paula's eyes drifted up to mine and I could see she wanted to answer 'Yes'. But, something kept her from answering. So, deciding to help her realize the significance of what was happening between us, I spoke again.
"I can see you're too embarrassed to admit you're getting turned on by what we're doing. So, how about this...." I said. "I'm betting you're really turned on right now. I'm betting you really do want to touch me and explore my body. You're curious about what a guy's cock feels like. But, you're scared. You're worried it will turn you into a bad girl or a bad daughter. There's a struggle going on inside you - the struggle between being good, and being turned on. I bet you're going to remember this for a long time and unless I'm wrong, I'm betting you're going to touch your pussy for a long time tonight and you're going to have a really strong orgasm thinking about what I'm about to do."
Paula's eyes lifted up to me again and as they locked on mine, I detected the very faintest of a nod from her head. It wasn't a resounding answer, but, I knew she answered me and more importantly, she knew she answered me.
With that, I re-gripped my cock and very slowly, I began to stroke it. I started off with long slow strokes - agonizingly slow – up and down the length of my member. Paula's eyes were staring at my hand and it looked like she was leaning in, as if she was subconsciously trying to get closer and closer to my hardened and throbbing cock.
Then, I speeded up a little and I heard her gasp. "I'm going to smell your panties now, Paula, and then it won't take long for me to cum."
As I held her panties to my nose, I breathed in deeply as I watched her. Just as I expected, her eyes looked up, and she watched as I held the crotch of her wet panties right against my nostrils. She took a deep breath as she watched me sniff her panties, and when I let out a satisfied moan, she let out another gasp and shuddered as she sat there.
"You smell good." I said, almost panting. "Your smell is fresh and sweet, and it's making my cock hard just knowing I'm sniffing the panties that were right next to your pussy."
Her eyes immediately switched to my cock and I let go with a flurry of fast strokes to emphasize my happiness with her panties. "God! These are so nice, Paula." I moaned. "You're panties are going to make me cum pretty soon, I can feel it."
I wasn't lying, either. The combination of exposing myself to her, finding her bra and knowing she had little AA titties hiding down in her shirt, and now sniffing her panties..... it was all getting to me. I hadn't been stroking myself that long, but, I was already getting those feelings that it wasn't going to be long before I came.
I continued to hold her panties to my nose and stroke myself. I even closed my eyes and fantasized about how nasty this was and how much I was enjoying it. I thought about doing it over and over again in front of her...... all the while, I held her panties to my nose and breathed in the musky smell of her pussy.
Finally, I couldn't take it anymore. I knew I was just moments from coming and without thinking what I was doing, I laid her panties over my shoulder and reached out to her.
"Give me your hand." I said, as I jacked myself.
She looked up at me, afraid of what I was going to do, but I shook my head from side to side and groaned, "Don't worry, just give me your hand."
Slowly and hesitantly, she reached out with her right hand and I took it gently. Then moving her hand closer to my cock, I turned her hand over so her palm was facing up and I took a baby step forward until her hand was just below the tip of my cock.
Then, almost immediately, I felt the first contraction and I bent my cock down to her hand and shot my first glob of cum into her palm. She tried to pull her hand back, but I held it under my cock and pumped ribbon after ribbon of sperm into her opened palm. Her eyes were about to pop out of her sockets as she realized what I was doing, and I can just image what was going through her mind as I filled her hand with hot, slimy sperm.
It was amazingly exciting to watch the look on her face change from sheer fright, to passive resistance and then to intense desire. She actually moved her hand closer as my cum subsided, and by the time I was down to the last few drips, I didn't have to hold her hand at all, she did it all herself, and when I rested my depleted cock on her wrist when I was done spurting, she held it there while I tried to catch my breath and settle down.
My climax was huge – much bigger than I'd had lately, and looking down at the sizable pool of cum in the palm of her hand, I could only smile. Damn, that was a good one.
Paula was almost in shock, or awe, or something. As I milked the last few drops of sperm from my cock into her waiting palm, she held it there for me and never moved it. Finally, when I was completely spent and beginning to soften, I spoke to her.
"Just stay like that for a second and I'll wipe it up for you." I said, as I turned quickly and walked to her bathroom. Right before I stepped in, I glanced back at her to see she'd moved her hand toward her face and was peering down into the puddle of sperm, and she was inspecting it closely.
Thinking quickly, I reached for a handful of tissues and hurried back out to her. She was so engrossed studying her handful of sperm, I don't think she noticed when I stood next to her again. Slowly and carefully, I reached out with my left hand and gently took hold of her wrist.
"It won't hurt you, Paula. It's completely natural and organic. Watch." I said, then dipping my finger in the pool of cum, I brought it to my mouth and quickly sucked it clean. The look on Paula's face was one of complete and total shock – I don't think she ever expected me to do anything like that. She was in total overload mode.
"See," I said, "it's completely harmless. But, I know all this cum in your hand is probably stressing you out, so, let me clean it all up for you."
Paula sat there silently as I wiped the considerable amount of cum from her hand. As I did, my cock accidently brushed her arm and when she felt it, she flinched and then moved her arm back into it until her forearm was solidly pressed up against my cock.
When I was done wiping her hand off, I balled up the tissue and intentionally set it in the middle of her palm and carefully closed her fingers around it. Then, I let her hand go and reached for my t-shirt. Reaching up, I pulled her panties from where they were lying across my shoulder and laid them on the bed. I proceeded to dress - first my shirt and then my shorts. When I was done dressing, I reached down to pick up her panties.
As I took a step back, I told her how much I enjoyed her panties and how much I appreciated her giving them to me. Then, as I stepped toward the door, I said, "I really do have to get over to the library for a while. I have a lab due on Monday and I have to get that finished. But, when I'm done over there, do you want me to come back like I promised and you can watch me masturbate again?"
Paula looked at the tissue in her hand and then up at me. Then after an agonizing few seconds, she answered, saying, "Yes, Tom, I'd like that. I'd like that a lot."
To be continued.