He knows me so very well. He knows just exactly how to please me no matter what it is I want. Sexually, he is my only equal. Both of us being the variant sexual creatures that we are, we require an abundant diversity of fantasies and control scenarios.
I knew the instant I received his text message that tonight was going to be an incredible evening. "tix 2 concert. 2nite. u in skirt and stockings." He was only going to be at work for about another hour. Immediately I got dressed. Not knowing what the night held, I hardly wanted to risk being late or irritating his impatience.
I rummaged through my lingerie drawer looking for the perfect pair of stockings. Finding them, I slipped into sheer black, backseamed stockings and my black garter belt. Underneath I had donned a pair of white, very delicate lace panties. Checking the clock, I realized I needed to hurry just a little. As I pulled my sexiest skirt out of my closet an idea hit me. Standing in front of my bathroom mirror, I took a few photos of myself on my camera phone. First I just stood in skirt and stockings, letting my garter belt peek slightly. Next I hiked my skirt a bit to reveal just a hint of my panties. Then I turned around and bent over flipping my skirt up to reveal my barely panty clad ass. Finally I stood over the phone, straddling it, and snapped one of my already moistening pussy showing through the delicate lace of my panties. I was done.
Without pausing a bit I sent out four picture text messages, in the specific order I had taken them. Checking the clock I applauded my timing as I knew he would be on the drive home. I knew those teasing photos would drive him absolutely wild. More likely than not they would increase the pleasure of the evening. He does love to be teased.
I hurried myself into the bathroom and finished with my hair and makeup. No sooner then I had finished, I heard him coming in the door. Perfect! There would be no time to fool around now if we were going to make the show. I knew my plan had worked by the look in his eyes. Keeping my distance from his ever-wandering hands I watched him change clothes. Already it was time to go.
As he backed the car out of the driveway I had yet another wicked idea. It was a fairly short drive to the show. While he drove us down the street I reached across into his lap. Not surprisingly his ample cock was already rock hard. I stroked it lightly for just a minute and stopped abruptly. At the next stoplight he looked at me with that wicked look in his eyes and reached for me. Pulling me to him by the hair, he kissed me fiercely before the light change. Already we were almost there. Excitement and sexual tension filled the car between the two of us. This was going to be a night to remember.
Driving into the parking garage, he parked us in the first available space. We were both nearly ready to go at it in the backseat. I could tell he had a plan though, so the idea of crawling into the back seat was just as well laid to rest. He shut the car off and before I could reach for my door handle he had one hand up my skirt. Grabbing the crotch of my panties he gave them a forceful yank. I felt the material around my wet pussy tear at his brutal grip. Oh god I could hardly wait to see what more was in store. He then climbed out of the car and came around to open my door, telling me not to remove my now crotchless panties.
As we entered the venue and took our seats I couldn't help but get more aroused by the thought of my sexy lace panties being torn apart. I was ready for him to take me then and there. We looked around and found our seats. The seats were fairly good, providing a full view of the stage. As the show began I tried to concentrate on the stage but realized all I could think about was his rock hard cock in his pants right next to me. As I made my way to his prick with one hand I realized he was reaching for me. Just as my hand came to rest on his throbbing cock he thrust a finger deep into my hot and willing pussy. I tried to stifle my moan but nobody would have heard it anyway.
He pushed his finger deep into me several times, then pulled it out. Looking at him in disappointment I realized I had no reason. He put his finger to my lips and made me taste myself. As I licked his finger I began to pump his shaft through the material of his pants. He tasted his finger and took it back down under my skirt to slam it back inside me. It was all becoming clear to me what he wanted. He leaned over and bit my ear, growling "unzip me" in it as he did.
Gladly I obliged him only to find that he wasn't wearing any kind of underwear. His cock practically sprang from his fly. As I grasped it firmly I marveled at just how rock hard he was. All this while with his fingers sliding in and out of my pussy had built up and I was already about to cum. Jacking him off with one hand I gripped the seat of my chair with the other, feeling an orgasm blooming inside me. Sensing how close I was he finger fucked me harder and faster, leaning over to kiss my neck and bite me along my shoulder. That was all it took to send me over the edge. My pussy contracted around his finger and I felt his cock jump in my hand. I bit my lip to keep from screaming out as each spasm tore through my hot pussy.
I gripped his prick tighter now, jerking faster. If I had cum I wanted him to get off as well. We always share that. He pushed himself down in his chair a bit and I got a better grasp on his cock like I thought he wanted. I didn't realize his plan for a moment until he was leaning to growl "ride me now" into my ear.
He took my hand and pulled me over to him. Knowing how bad he needed me right now I wasted no time in straddling him reverse cowgirl style. I leaned forward and felt his hand on my ass as he guided his hard prick to my waiting wet pussy. Hitting his mark on the first try he removed his hand and I pushed him deep inside me with one swift motion. I rocked back and forth on his cock, swiveling my hips a bit. Already I was nearing my second orgasm. Judging by the feel of his cock inside me he wouldn't be far behind if at all. I rocked faster and I heard him make a small grunt. That was the sign he was about to cum. So was I. Feeling my orgasm approaching I pushed myself down onto his cock as hard as I could and held there as the spasms shook me again, feeling him fill me up with his hot cum.
Just then I realized even yet he was not done. He reached up and slid his finger in my mouth and I licked it thoroughly. When he found his finger suitably wet he took it from my mouth and made his way straight to my pulsing asshole. I groaned in pleasure as he pushed his finger deep into my back door. He knew just exactly what to do to me to make me scream. With his still hard cock inside my pussy I began to rock back and forth again this time with the finger in my ass. It was sheer pleasure feeling both my holes filled like that.
Grabbing me by the hips he stopped my motion and eased me up off his prick. Immediately thereafter he removed his finger from my ass. I knew his cock was going to replace the finger and I was ready. Covered in both our cum, his big cock slid into me easily. I eased myself down onto him slowly swallowing his cock into my ass. Filling myself up with him I paused a minute to get used to my ass being so stretched. It wasn't but a few seconds until I was rocking myself on his cock again. I love the feel of my ass full of cock. He had reached a hand around under my skirt to tease my clit with a finger and I was again ready to cum. As my body tightened up just before my orgasm he grabbed my hip with his free hand and pushed me to keep riding his cock. With one hand on my clit and the other on my hip rocking and pushing me I heard him groan again. We were going to cum again, both of us, probably together. The orgasm tore through my body with a force and I felt him shooting his hot load of cum deep into my ass.
Sitting there in such a hot secret embrace I turned my head around to find his lips with mine. We kissed passionately. Shortly afterward I climbed off his now softening cock and we both readjusted our attire a bit. Looking at one another we shared a grin at what we had just done. Public sex is something we have both fantasized about for quite some time. I snuggled into his shoulder a bit and we spent the rest of the show enjoying the music and thinking about how hot our sex had been. I knew it wouldn't be our last round of the night with something like that on our minds.