My husband finally worked out a deal with his friend in London to do some work for his company. His friend offered to pay for my trip and provide some fun while we are there if I was willing to do a repeat of a conference call we had a few months ago (if you are interested see my story (best Friday ever). So the trip was schedule for 12-28 through 1-5. We would fly business class on the night of the 28th and arrive on the morning of the 29th. This would give us all day Sunday to relax and get use to the time change. My husband would work on the 30th and both of us would work there on the 31st and then we planned to go out as a group for a New Year's Eve party. My husband and Eric his friend have been planning this trip and neither of them has told me what the plan is.
Eric operates a specialty clothing company that caters to high end fashion work clothes for professional women. Most of his line would be to adventurous/revealing to be sold here in the states but he does very well in most of the EU market. My husband has created, set up, and helps to runs his computer system and they have been friend now for a long time.
As with many of our trips my husband has done all of the planning for the trip and has packed most of my cloths without letting me know what he has packed. He loves to pick out what I am to wear and what we are going to do. If you read my other post you will see he like to show me off and encourage me to try new things.
For the flight over I got a new dress that is a simple white wrap dress that comes to the middle of my thigh and ties in the front. The dress is just barely see-through nothing to obvious. I wear a white lace bra that hooks in the front and no panties. To top it off I wear a pair of white sandals with some low heels. When I look at myself in the mirror I can just make out the outline of my areola through the material.
We head to the airport early to get through security and head to the Delta lounge to have a few drinks. Before we check our bags, he has me pack my coat in the suitcase so I am showing off my new dress and just a little more of me than normal. I am sure that anyone who looks close will be able to see my nipple. I notice the TSA agent gives me several long looks as we are going through security. When we check in at the lounge we have to go up an escalator. My husband stays back and lets a few other guys go up the escalator before him. When we get to the top he tells me how nice the view from below was and he was sure the other guys enjoyed it to.
We head to the bar and each of us has several drinks before we head off to the gate. I am setting on one of the tall bar stools and my husband is behind me. We have been talking to a few of the guys sitting next to us. The way I am setting with my legs crossed the opening of my dress is slowly revealing more of my legs as we are talking. The guys tell use their names are Brad and Craig and that they are heading to Miami for New Years. Brad the guy in the stool next to mine has been checking out my tits the whole time we have been talking. I can see his friend Craig has just noticed that the wrap of my skirt is opening. I am not sure if he can tell yet that I am not wearing panties but now that I have had several shots of vodka I am starting to feel good and begin to feel just a little bit horny.
As I am telling them about our trip I lean over a little and rest my hand on the Brad's arm and slowly start to rub up and down is bicep. By doing this I am able to open both the top and bottom of my dress just a little more to show off my tits and pussy. I am sure now that the second guy has a clear shot of my shaved pussy.
My husband noticing what I am doing tells me he is going to the bathroom. As he walks away Brad moves his hand up my side and starts to slowly rub my back and side, as I continue to rub his arm. Craig has moved around his friend is now standing right in front of my bar stool and block the view from anyone else in the club. He is holding his drink in one left hand and lets his right hand land on my knee. It only takes him a little while to notice I did not move away when he put his hand on my knee. He then starts to slowly let his fingers move over my knee and up the side of my thigh. As he is slowly rubbing up the side of my leg I wrap my free arm around him pulling him closer to me. I then slid my ankle over to my other knee so that my legs are further apart to give Craig better access. I look around to see if anyone can see what is going on but no one seems to be paying attention to us except for my husband. He is pretending to look at the flight board but I can tell he can clearly see what is going on.
Brad has now moved his hand forward and is rubbing the side of my tit with his right hand and has his left hand holding my left leg just under my knee and is rubbing my calf, while helping to hold my legs apart. Craig has now moved his hand up my thigh and has his thumb sliding up and down my pussy lips. He leans down and tells me that his dick is so hard that he thinks he is going to cum without even touching his cock. By the time my husband moves back over to us Craig has his thumb rubbing my clit hard and Brad is now pinching and playing with my left nipple. I let myself cum and manage not to make much noise. When I am done I lean over and give Brad a kiss and then stand up and do the same with Craig. He pulls me tight to him and I can feel his cock rubbing into me. I tell him sorry for the tease but maybe someday I can pay him back. He hands me his card and tell me to call or email him any time. I thank them both for helping me relax a little before my flight.
So we head to the gate and I tell my husband I am looking forward to having him get me off during the flight. I can tell you right now I do not like the new business class seating. The way the new seats Delta has I could just reach over and touch my husband's hands. I loved having my husband play with my tits and pussy during most of the flight. Now with these new seats the only fun I had on the flight was fingering myself a few times before I feel asleep.
My husband tells me after I fell asleep he did manage to arrange me and my dress so that I was showing off my legs and just a bit of one of my tits. He wanted to see if anyone was interested in some voyeurism. He tells me that it did not take long and one of the stewards noticed and pulled the cover back over me. So all in all the flight was no fun for either of us. I was able to sleep most of the flight and when we landed I did not feel at all jet lagged. We managed to make it to the hotel and checked in with no problems.
By the time we get into the room it is just past noon on Sunday. My husband asks if I want to go check out the pool. I tell him sure and ask if I have a bathing suit. He pulls a bikini that I have never seen. It is made out of what looks like an American flag. The top is blue with strips on my right tit and white and red strips on my left. Neither is lined and my nipples and areolas are both clearly visible. The bottom is similar the area coving my pussy is blue with white stars and what there is of the back is striped. I can tell that the white stars are going to completely sheer when they are wet.
As I am checking myself out in the mirror, I tell him I do not think I should be wearing this through the hotel. We are staying at a very nice upscale hotel. He tells me not to worry and hands me one of the hotels robes. When we get to the pool we are the only ones there. So we both jump in and do a few laps.
As he goes to pass me by I reach out and pull him over to me. I then wrap my legs around him to hold me up. I start to kiss him and he has both his hands on my ass and pulling me tight to him. I can feel his cock getting harder and pressing into my pussy. He starts to move me up and down against him so that my pussy is jacking him off. He has pulled the back of the suit over and is fingering my asshole. As he is doing this I lean back and start to play with my nipples through my suite. I ask him if he likes the way my tits show off our flag. He tells me the flagpole he has should answer that for me.
He then shifts me around so he can pull his cock out and works it into me. Once he is all the way in me, I use my legs to pull him in and then let him slide out. As I am doing this he has both of his hands on my tits and is playing with my nipples. He starts to ask me if I am ready for this week. He tells me him and Eric has a lot of things planed that are really going to surprise me. I have been asking for a month what they had planned but he only tells me I will have to wait and see. He asks me if I like it when guys see me in compromising positions, if I like it when men and women touch me and play with me when I can't do anything about it. This whole time we are in the middle of the pool and anyone walking by or looking in could see us. I just can't get enough force from his cock driving into me to cum so I move my hand down to my pussy and start to rub my clit while he is playing with my tits. He is the first to cum and I feel him pulling me into him while he shots into me. I cum shortly after him and we just stay with his cock in me for a few more minutes.
As we are floating there a lady and her 3 kids come into the pool. The girl is around 10 or so and the boys are in their late teens. I pull off of my husband and help him get his cock back in his suit. I start to adjust my own suit but my husband stops me and actually pulls my suit further to the side so that my pussy would be clearly visible under the water. The lady sits down in a chair at the deep end of the pool and the kids through a bunch of toys in and all put on swimming goggles. All three kids jump in and start to play around while my husband and I just float around in the middle of the pool. The kids playing a game where they throw a little hoop into the pool and then jump in and dive down to get it. They are seeing who can do this the fastest. I am floating on my back and my tits are above the water but my legs and crotch are below the water. I notice one of the buys whispering to the other and pointing in our direction. My husband floating behind me tells me he thinks the boys have noticed my tits are showing.
The next few times they throw the rings in the pool I notice that they are much closer to us. I notice as they take their time looking at me before they jump in to get the hoops. My husband them moves up behind me and I can feel him turning me so that my feet are pointing in the direct of the kids.
The older of the boys is the next to jump in and after taking a good look at my tits he jumps in and I watch as he get to the bottom of the pool and grabs the ring but he is looking right at me and does his best to stay down. I am sure he is looking right at my pussy. He finally comes up and then throws the ring in the pool and his sister jumps in to get it. I close my legs because I do not want her to see anything and tell her mom. I see the older boy telling his brother something and then both of them looking back at me. The girls is back much faster than her brother and she hand the ring to her brother who troughs it right next to me. I let me legs open back up and watch as he jumps in and gets the ring but also stays down looking right at me. When he finally gets out I can tell both him and his brother are getting hard, I can see their young cocks sticking out.
I let this go on a few more times before we finally decide we better get out before the sister or mother figure out what is happening. So I wait for the older boy to get to the bottom of the pool and as he is watching, I run my hand over my pussy a few times and then pull my suit into place.
I then get out of the pool I move over to the hot tub and get in. My husband gets out and sits in a chair on the other side of the tub facing me and the mother at the other end of the pool. My husband tells me to slide my bottoms to the side and show him my pussy. So I pull the material over and pull my lips open so he can clearly see my pussy. I am leaning back with my arms holding me up in the tub so that my entire tits are out of the tub and my nipples are clearly visible, this also lets me raise my butt up show that my pussy is right at the water line.
After a few minutes, both of the boys get out of the pools and get in the hot tub with me. When I see them I let my butt sink a little so that my feet are still floating in the middle of the tub but under the bubbles my pussy is not visible. Once they are sitting down I say hi and they both say hi back but both at looking right at my tits. I ask them what they are doing here at the hotel and they tell me they came for winter break. They tell me that they are from New York but have been living in Rome for the last 2 years because of their dads work. As they are talking I let my legs slowly raise up until I am sure that they can clearly see my pussy. I then tell them that we are from Michigan and would also be here through the holidays.
The older brother has now let his legs float up and I feel he foot hitting the inside of my left thigh. He lets it touch me a few times and I try not to move so he knows that it is ok with me that he is doing this. He then starts to rub up my thigh without pulling away and I let myself float a little higher so that his brother can see what is happening. He quickly flows and I now have both teens rubbing my thighs with their foot. I slowly float a little closer to them and open my legs a little wider. Each of them takes hold of my foot that is closest to them and they pull me even closer to them. Soon the oldest has his big toe touching my pussy. I then move my hands up to my tits and slowly let my fingers circle around my nipple. Just as he is sliding his toe into my pussy, I hear my husband cough and I look around and notice that the girl is heading to the hot tub so I quickly pull away from the boys and sit down so that my tits are under the water. She gets in and sits between her brothers. She tells them that their mom say they have 10 minutes before they have to go. As they are leaving I tell the boys I hope to see them around again. I also tell them I would be down at the pool tomorrow early around 10am and that maybe I will see them if they are here.
We also head back to our room. I tell my husband on the way back up to the room that I cannot ever remember being this fucking horny and that I need to cum now. Once we are in the room I force my husband down on the bed. I then straddle his head and pull my suit bottom to the side so I can force my pussy down onto his face. I tell him to lick my clit as hard as he can. I push down hard on his face and start to fuck his face with my pussy. I then lean down and take is cock into my mouth and force it in until my lips are at the base and the head of his cock is in my throat. I keep fucking his face until I finally cum. As I am cumming I pull his cock out of my mouth and start to jack him off as fast as I can. It does not take long until he is shooting his cum onto my face and tits. I keep fucking his face until I cum a second time. I then lay back next to him and tell him how fucking exiting that was to have those two boys playing with my feet and pussy with their mom within sight of us. If their sister would have waited just a few more minutes I would have cummed all over that boys toe. I tell him if they are there tomorrow, I am going to find a way to finish what I started. He tells me that if I give him the same treatment that I just did he hopes I get the chance.
The rest of the day was spent walking around Covent Garden and having dinner at one of the little Italian restaurants in the basement. When we got back to the hotel we spent a long time playing with each other. I managed to cum several more times before going to sleep.
In the morning my husband has to go into Eric's office and do some actual work. He tells me he has left the cloths I am allowed to wear today out on the dresser. He tells me he has locked the suit case so that I cannot see what cloths he has brought for me to wear to work the next day.
I am still in bed with just a sheet covering me. Before he leaves there is a knock on the door and my husband tells me that must be breakfast. He leans over gives me a kiss and pulls the sheet up so that my right leg is uncovered up to my crotch. He tells me he has to run and then takes he computer bag opens the door and tells the room server to head on in.
The server pushes his cart into the room and asks me where I want the cart before he even looks up at me. I sit up holding the sheet up to just cover my tits and tell him to leave it next to the side of the bed. At that point he looks up and realizes that I am setting there almost completely nude. I let my right leg slip off the bed to set up better and I am sure at this point my pussy is in full view. I have to give the guy credit; he did not miss a beat. He pushes the cart up to me takes the time to uncover the plates and tells me about it of them. I can tell he is checking me out but does not hesitate during his review of the food.
He then straightens up and asked me if he could help me with anything else. The whole time he is look right at my tits and pussy. I tell him I think I have everything I need. He heads to the door. I reach over to move the try closer and the sheet falls away from my tits. As the guy is going through the door he turns and tells me if I need anything to ring room service. He is now looking right at my tits. He spends a good 5 to 10 second looking right at me and then turns and leaves.
I lie back in bed and slowly start to rub my clit with one hand and playing with my nipples with the other. I start by fantasying about the server coming back into the room and slowly licking me from my toes to my pussy. Taking a long time licking and sucking on my clit. I then switch to thinking about having the two young brothers sucking on my tits and fucking my pussy and ass. Just as I was imagining what it would feel like to have one of them fucking me in the ass I started to cum. I let myself finish and relax before I got up and eat my breakfast. By the time I was done eating it was just after 9.
So I get up and start to get ready to head down to the pool. I find my suit my husband has left me. It is light pink on top and rufflely. It is easy to tell that the top is not lined at all and when dry would be semitransparent, when wet it is completely see through as I found out the last time I wore it. The bottoms are black and cut high on the sides to show off a good part of my ass and the front is only wide enough to just cover my pussy. He also left me a lite pink gauze pull over to wear with it. I take it over to the mirror and put on the suit and cover up. I can clearly see the outline of my areolas which are very dark compared to the rest of my boobs. I then put on the pair of sandals he left me to wear. These are basically a white sole with 4 inch heels and leather straps that go from my toes to my knees. I quickly brush my teeth and hair and head down to the pool hoping to find my two young friends.
As I go in to the pool area I can't believe my luck because the two brothers are in the pool swimming laps. Then I see another man sitting on a lounge chair reading the paper. I think dam now I have to figure out how to get what I want. So I start by putting my stuff on a chair close to the hot tub and then get in the pool and swim a few laps before I move up to the brothers and say hi to them and ask them where their mother and sister are. They tell me that they went shopping at some department stores and that they would not be back to this afternoon. They ask me where my husband was and I tell them that he was at work and would not be back until this evening.
Then I notice a woman coming out of the corner. I asked the boys what was down that hallway and they tell me the steam shower and sauna. The lady walks over to the guy and then sits next to him. I tell the boys I am going over to the hot tub if they want to join me. The both eagerly follow me.
So we start talking and I find out that their names are Lucas the older looking one and Ethan. They tell me they are Irish twins, which they tell me means that they were born only 11 months apart. Ethan tell me he just turn 18 two days ago. I tell him happy birthday.
By now the boys have each taking one of my feet and are massaging them. I tell them how nice the massage feels and ask if they learned to do this on their girlfriends. They both look shyly and tell me that they don't have girlfriends. They tell me that they often rub their mom's feet because she is an aerobics instructor and that often her feet and legs are sore. I ask them if rubbing my feet and legs is better than rubbing their mother's. Both agree that they enjoy touching me better.
I then ask them if either of them have ever touched or done anything with a girl. They both tell me that they had been at a party with some friends and they played 7 minutes in heaven. They pulled random names of a boy and a girl. They would then go into a closet and either one of them can do whatever they want for 7 minutes.
Ethan tells me the only thing he did was kiss the girl that went in with him and his hands over her butt. Lucas says the girl he went in with let him squeeze her tits and kiss her. They both say that what happened yesterday was the most exciting thing that has ever happened to them.
They are now rubbing my calves and slowly pulling me a little more forward. The other couple leaves while we are setting there. I am not sure that they can see what we are doing as they walk passed. I notice both of the boys are looking at my tits. I ask them if they like how my tits look in this suit. Both of them say they like it even better than the one I was wearing yesterday. They liked this suit because it is totally see through and they can clearly see my nipples. I ask them if they would like to do more than look at them. They both say yes and quickly move over to my side.
I tell them they cannot play with them hear in the hot tub because someone might see. I say let us go see what the steam shower and sauna look like. So we all get out and head back to the area. The first room is the sauna and there are two benches that would easily give us room to play but the door was all glass and anyone walking by would be able to see what we were doing. I had to open up the door to the steam room because it was frosted glass and was hard to see through. There was one long bench in the room, which was long enough for me to lie down between the two boys. So we head into the steam room and turn on the steam which quickly makes it hard to see out of the frosted glass.
The boys are setting on the bench with a space for me between them. So I set down and reach over and but my hands on each of their thighs and tell them to slide over to me. As they move over I reach up and pull Lucas head down to me and start to kiss him and using my other hand start to stroke up and down on Ethan's thigh. Both of the boys move their hands up to my tits and start to rub them and play with my nipples.
Ethan is the first to pull my bikini top up and release my tit. He then goes back to pulling and squeezing my nipples. I then reach up and pull his head down to my tit and he starts to lick and suck on my nipple. By now, his brother has my other tit out of my top. So I pull him down and get him to suck on my other nipple. Both of them are also playing with my legs and soon Ethan is rubbing my pussy through my suit. So I left my ass up and tell him to take my panties off. So he pulls them down and off.
I then have him sit up, put my right leg behind him, and ask him if he wants to lick my pussy. He moves down and starts to play with my pussy and I turn so that I am facing his brother so that he can suck on one of my tits and play with the other. I watch as Ethan starts to slowly slide his finger into my pussy and works it in and out. I tell him to lean down and lick my pussy just above his finger. So as he starts I tell him to lick a little higher so that he is licking my clit. I reach down with my free hand and pull his head tight to my pussy and tell him to lick me harder. I only last a few minutes before I cum for the first time.
I then sit up and tell them to remove their shorts and I watch them as they did. I was very happy to see that they each had nice long cocks at least six or seven inch cocks and very slim. I kneel on the bench and tell Ethan to move in front of me and tell his brother get behind me. Now that I came once I was a little calmer but the boys were over the top. I could feel Lucas working trying his best to get his cock into my pussy without much luck so I reached back between my legs and grabbed his cock and help him slide it into me. Once his cock was in me, he starts to pump into me as fast as he could. I then reached out and took Ethan's cock in my hand and started to lick it and slowly suck on the head of it. I stopped to use my tongue to play with the slit on the head of his cock. He quickly grabbed my head and started to fuck my face.
Lucas is the first to cum. He has grabbed my hips and is holding his cock as deep as he can in my pussy. I can feel several long sprits going into me. Ethan is next to cum and I let him shoot his first shot of cum into my mouth and then pull his cock out so he can watch as he cums on my face. The next shot hits me on my nose and check and the third hits me in my left eye and nose. I then put his cock back in my mouth and lick him clean. I then use my fingers to scrap his cum off my face and lick them clean.
I keep sucking Ethan's cock to make sure it stays hard. I ask them both if they enjoyed that. They both say that it was the greatest thing they have ever did. I tell them to switch places and we can do it again. As Ethan gets behind me I tell him I want him to fuck me in my asshole. I have him rub his cock over my pussy to get it covered in my pussy juice and his brothers cum. Once he has it nice and slippery I help him work his cock into my ass. Once he has it all the way in I tell him to pump it in and out of me slowly. Now that he has cummed for the first time we can take it nice and slow and make it last much longer.
I then have is brother lay down under me so that his cock is at the same level as my tits. I have him hold my tits together with his cock in between them. As he starts to fuck them I lean my head down and lick his cock with each up stroke. After doing this for a little while I have him slide up and take his entire cock into my mouth. I then start to move back and forth to match Ethan's pumping into me and allow Lucas's cock to slide in and out of my mouth at the same time. Once we get a good rhythm I reach back with my right hand and start to rub my clit.
This takes me over the top and I start to cum. I clamp down on Ethan's cock as hard as I can with my asshole and do the same with Lucas in my mouth. I have his cock all the way in my mouth with the tip of his cock in my throat. I am still cumming when I feel Ethan shooting into my ass. When Lucas starts to cum I let him force his cock as deep as he can down my throat and held him there until he is done.
I am now total exhausted and after being in the hot steam for the last half hour I tell the boys let's get our suits back on and take a dip in the pool to cool down. The both look a little rejected. I ask them what wrong and they both tell me they would have like to do some more. I tell them if they are good after we swim for a while maybe we can have a little more fun. So we get dress and head out to the pool. I notice that several people are now in the pool area. So I jump into the deep end and love the way the cold water feels on my skin. Both Lucas and Ethan jump in next to me. I do a few laps up and down the pool and look around.
I can see an older couple in the hot tub and a mom and here young kids are in the shallow pool area. When I get back to the deep end the brothers are there asking me if I think it is safe for us to do anything else. I tell them I do not think we can do anything here but if they want they can come back to my room. They both agree right away so we head up to the room.
When we get back in the room it is around 11am and I tell them the rule is the can do anything they want to me or have me do anything to them as long as it is within reason. We spend the next few hours with them playing with me or I them, each of them fucked me a few more time, and when they were all done I finally sent them on their way. They each thanked me and told me that they are sure they would never forget this day. After they left I laid down and sleep until my husband get back to the room around 5. We then went out and seen a play and had dinner. That night while we were fucking I told him everything I did with the brothers. I could tell he was excited by how hard he fucked me.