The rest of my day was spent in a state of high anticipation, excitement, disbelief, and fond reminiscing of my show at the store. As soon as I came in the front door and dropped my bags, I stripped out of my dress; thinking about how the men at the store had stared at me.
Shivering, I cupped my naked breasts in the middle of the kitchen, sighing as I imagined that the men could see me now. I knew that I would need to masturbate soon. The need in my cunt was overwhelming. Quickly, I stashed the groceries, and bent to pick up my discarded garment.
My mind wandered again, and I remembered leaning over, exposing my ass in the parking lot, and then again as I reached for a can in the bottom of my cart.
Still bent over, reaching for the dress, I paused. My pussy was aching with desperate need, I reached up behind myself, and pulled my ruffled panties over my splayed behind. I sighed, thinking again, about knowing those strangers had seen me, and wishing that they could watch me now.
Slowly, I pulled the panties down my thighs, over my stockings, and stepped out of them. I left them on the floor with my dress.
Stretching back up, slowly, I stood; loving the feeling of being naked, wishing that someone might catch a glimpse of me. I caressed myself, running my hands over my hips, around the small of my back, and down my nude cheeks.
Smiling as I kept replaying my bad behavior, I bent again, hands still gripping each cheek, and I pulled them apart.
'I'm such a slut,' I thought, feeling the air against my holes, squeezing my cunt around nothing, 'God, I wish they could see me.. fuck me, use me.'
I released my ass, and trailed my hands gently down the back of my thighs, then caressed back up myself as I stood again. I left my panties and dress on the floor, and made my way to the bedroom. All the fantasizing and striping had pushed me past my breaking point.
I was eager, determined, as I grabbed my dildo from my drawer. It was about the same length as my Master, a solid 7 inches; but it was thicker than him - about three inches. It was the dildo I turned to when I felt like I needed to be fucked hard, to be used, stretched.
My heart picked up as I turned to the chair in the room. I approached it, and positioned the cock on the seat. Facing the back of the chair, I straddled it, holding the dildo at my sopping entrance.
My lips sucked at the head of the phallus, and I groaned as I felt my pussy begin to stretch to accommodate the toy. I gripped the back of the chair harder, and pressed myself down onto the thick cock.
I loved to feel the hard, unyielding rubber press up into my hole, I grunted, lowering my wet cunt onto the dick. I imagined that someone was watching me, that the men from the store were lined up in my room, watching me fuck my favorite dildo.
Once I got it fully into me, and I felt the cool surface of the chair against my smoldering pussylips, I began to grind my hips into the chair, I gripped the back of the chair with one hand, arched my back, and caressed up my body with my other hand.
Biting my lip, pushing the cock so deep into my pussy that I could feel the tip invading my cervix. I couldn't help myself, and groaned aloud, pinching my nipple and trying to grind my clit into the chair.
I knew how I must look, my ass taut, my thighs spread wide, gripping the wooden back of the chair tightly. I arched my back, still fondling my heavy breasts, I closed my eyes and pictured men, strangers, in my bedroom, watching me.
With a grimace, I thrust my cunt into the hard surface of the chair, I could feel my pussy spasming around the dildo, and I leaned into the orgasm. With fervent abandon, I thrust again and again into the phallus.
My cries echo into the empty room, raising in pitch as each powerful stroke of my hips shoves the dildo deeper and deeper into my hungry cunt. I am grasping the chair with both hands now, the thought of eyes devouring me, seeing me fuck myself because I need to, it drives me wild.
I'm squealing, fucking the chair, harder, faster. Panting, sweat breaking out on my face, my neck, I am coming, but I want to come so much more. Harder. Always more.
I reach down with one hand, find my slippery pussy, and as I keep fucking the dildo deeper into myself, I begin to caress my hard clit. I feel the little button, situated right at the top of my opening, can feel my juices oozing out. My pubic hair is rough against my palm, but near my opening it has become saturated by my come.
The combination of the stiff, invading dick, the pain mixed with pleasure, and the slippery motion of my fingers and pussylips sliding against my tender clit... I knew my orgasm would be delicious.
I rode it, working with my body, playing myself like an instrument. My voice was desperate, almost wailing as I was overcome with the pressure, the consuming power of my cunt. I was my cunt, a wet hole. Foremost in my mind is the thought that strangers are watching me, bearing witness to the power and wild abandon with which I come. Like a good slut.
It was divine, being stretched and gripping so tight. Spasming against the phallus, and trying to pull it deeper into me - to keep it inside. All my senses were tied up in my body, and in that state of excitement- that state of deep and total sexual freedom, something happened to me that never happened before.
My cunt... relaxed. The so familiar feeling of coming, of a pressure that seems to build and build and build until I am ready to explode... instead of breaking over me... I relaxed into it. This sudden relaxation was accompanied by a feeling of a sudden stream of wetness released from my pussy.
I cried out in genuine surprise, never suspecting that I would be able to achieve an actual ejaculation. Master had tried many times, fingering my cunt in that spot that caused so much pressure, making me come again and again... but I had never relaxed into it, never been able to give him what he wanted. Now I sat, my pussy calming down from my orgasm, heart racing as I came to my senses.
I stood up, my cunt still gripping the substantial dildo. I groaned, in embarrassment and secret pleasure as I reached up to my soaking hole. My fingertips grasped the edges of the phallus, just inside me. My pussy was still so wet, which made it hard to grip onto the dildo. I squeezed, pushing against the dick, and felt it pop out.
I was able to grab it, and it withdrew from my hole with a sloppy sound. I groaned, heart still pounding from the fierceness of my orgasm. I looked down at the chair, and saw a wet spot, almost as big as a paperback book on the chair. Much bigger than the spots I'm usually capable of.
I could feel the mixture of emotions... the pride... the dirty thrill of having come, literally, all over something... the fear when Master found out... I knew how badly he wanted to be the one to make me squirt come.
Like a good slut, I lean down and smell the spot. It's musky, clearly from my cunt. As I feel the dampness against my nose and lips, and smell the evidence of my wanton behavior, my cunt throbs to remind me how delicious it felt.
Standing, I bring the dildo to my mouth and clean the drying smears of come off of it. I love to taste my own pussy. I love my cunt, fucking it, looking at it, smelling it, tasting it, and letting everyone else use it too.
It was with these thoughts running through my head, my dildo firmly in my mouth, that I turned towards the doorway. I nearly tripped over myself, and I choked on the dildo, bringing it swiftly out of my mouth and hiding it futilely behind my back.
He was there. My master. Standing there with a wild look of anger, lust, and predatory darkness that made my stomach drop to the floor.
I swallowed around the sudden lump in my throat, and felt tears spring suddenly to my eyes. I was ashamed, standing before him with a swollen and satiated pussy... the spot on the chair evidence of my actions. I couldn't look him in the face... I kept my eyes downcast, just looking at his hands, clenched into fists.
I bit my lip, trembling, terrified and thrilled at the same time. I knew, as soon as the first words passed his lips, that I was in trouble.
"What. The. Fuck. Are. You. Doing?"