I'd been anticipating my date with Jim all day. There was something about him that I found especially intriguing. Possibly his devil-may-care attitude — it made me feel liberated and uninhibited when I was with him. Whatever it was, it made me feel sexy, and I was looking forward to a whole night alone with him.
My anticipation was so great that I was even ready a little early, and had to wait for him to arrive. When he finally buzzed my intercom I was almost in a frenzy. I took a couple of minutes to check my hair and makeup and compose myself. I didn't want him knowing just how eager I was feeling.
When he saw me through the glass security doors of my apartment building his face lit up. He had a huge grin and I could see him looking me up and down as I walked towards him. I had been trying to decide what to wear all day and was not perfectly happy with any of my options. At the last minute I had seen the perfect dress at my local mall, and judging by Jim's reaction he thought it was perfect as well.
I wanted to wear something classy tonight as I had a feeling that Jim would take me somewhere a little pricey, but I wanted to look especially sexy as well. The dress I found was a grey super short mini, with an opening just under the bust and a twist between my breasts, leaving a little window onto my chest exposing the curve of the sides and bottoms of my breasts. It was loose but draped itself over the curves of my hips and arse, and despite being loose it managed to reveal instead of hide my figure. It redeemed itself from being almost tarty by being sequinned all down the front, giving me a shimmer as I walked. What it lacked in class, it made up for with bling and raw sexiness.
"You look especially beautiful tonight, Lisa," Jim said, as I walked toward him, "almost good enough to eat."
I remembered spinning for him the other night and I span again so he could see me from all angles, as I turned I wiggled my arse a little, and swung my hips, making a little show of it.
When I faced him again, I said, "Thanks handsome, but what do you mean 'almost'?"
Before he could answer I stepped up to him and put my hands on his shoulders and kissed him lightly on the lips. As I began to pull away, he put his hands on my hips and held me, extending our kiss. He parted his lips slightly and brushed them against mine. It was a very sensual kiss, one full of promise, and it left me tingling.
"My car is this way," he said, gesturing in the direction of his car.
He put his arm around me as we walked to his car and I let my body soften and brush against him as we walked. We made a little chit chat while we walked to his car and while we drove to the restaurant.
Jim was a perfect gentleman, opening the door of his car for me and helping me out when we arrived. I can't say I was a perfect lady though, as judging by his expression as he helped me out of the car I am fairly sure he had a prefect view as my dress lifted and opened. My dress was so short that there was nothing I could do to prevent it happening, and I doubt I would have tried even if I could. His expression was priceless as he got his first quick view of my hairless pussy, and I couldn't help but smile at him when I realised what was causing his look of shock.
The restaurant was a few minutes walk from where we had parked and situated at the end of a wharf with a lovely view of the harbour. I had been right about the type of place Jim would take me to, refined but not pretentious, pricey but not excessively so.
My suspicions about Jim's view up my dress were confirmed as we walked along the wharf. Jim, encouraged by my display as I got out of the car, slipped his hand under my dress and stroked the cheek of my arse where it met my thigh. My dress was short enough that he didn't have to lift it far to get his hand under it. The diners sitting outside the other restaurants along the wharf would have been treated to a view of the curve of the very bottom of my arse as we walked past. This appealed to my inner exhibitionist and I was really enjoying Jim showing me off like this.
By the time we reached the restaurant I was tingling all over and very moist. I could hardly think straight, as the fire growing between my legs was too distracting. I could tell it was going to be a long night and a deliciously painful wait before I was finally satisfied.
"Can I get you a drink to start with?" the waiter asked.
"Would you like red or white?" Jim asked.
"White," I said, "I need something cool."
I did too. I needed to cool down. I was glad Jim was going to take care of ordering the wine, as there was no way I could concentrate on even the simplest task at the moment. It had taken all of my concentration just to decide the colour of the wine I wanted.
I had a long sip of the cold water the waiter had brought which brought me some relief, enough at least to be able to hold up my side of the conversation. Jim smiled a lot as we talked. He even had dimples, which I find very sexy. I love a man who smiles a lot and knows how to let go of the little things.
As we talked Jim reached across the table and took one of my hands in his and stroked my fingers and palm, which just sent my heart racing again and brought back the tingles.
The whole meal passed like this. Some light flirting, lots of touching both above and below the table, and lots of smiling. I slipped a shoe off and ran my foot up and down his leg. During dessert I got a little more brazen and ran my foot all the way up his leg to his inner thigh. His face gave nothing away but he opened his legs a little and I slid my foot along the inside of his thigh.
I drew back before I reached his crotch. I wanted to tease him a little to begin with. On the next stroke I let my foot go a little higher, brushing very lightly against his crotch, lightly enough that he would not be able to be sure whether I had intended to touch him at all. The next few strokes fell short as well. I wanted him to wonder how far I would go with my foot.
On the next stroke I finally ran my foot all the way up to his crotch and began stroking his cock and balls. His face still gave nothing away to the people at the other tables, but I could tell his smile was a little cheekier, a little sexier. As I rubbed his cock through his pants I could feel it hardening and growing. I wanted to take him home. I wanted him inside me. He could have no possible doubt about that now. I hoped we would be leaving soon.
My wish was granted and Jim asked for the bill. It seemed to take forever to arrive, but it finally did, and I was relieved when Jim paid with cash. I wouldn't have been able to bear waiting while the waiter charged the card.
Finally we were leaving. As we left the restaurant Jim put his arm around me again, and once we were out on the wharf he slipped it under my dress again. I was sure it wouldn't be long now and I would feel Jim's weight on me and his manhood inside me. I was getting wetter and wetter with anticipation.
"I know a really cool little club just around the corner where we can dance," he said.
"That sounds perfect," I replied, hiding my distress.
I didn't want to dance, I wanted him, and I wanted him now. Still, it's so rare that a man wants to dance that I couldn't refuse him. In fact a man usually wants to dance only when he is trying to take me to bed, and Jim must have known by now that he didn't have to dance with me to get into my panties. For God's sake, he knew I wasn't even wearing any, he'd seen, and his hand had been all over my arse.
Still, I loved to dance, and we would have a lot of fun, rubbing our bodies together on the dance floor, touching, showing off. The more I thought about it the more I liked the idea. Dancing can be a kind of foreplay, and tonight would be one of those nights. I had felt Jim's erection through his pants and I knew he was just as aroused as I. I became convinced that he was thinking along the same lines as I, and I let my excitement grow as we walked to the club.
The club was on an upper level, and we had to ride up an escalator. I took a step ahead of Jim and turned to face him. We were the same height now and he leant forward and kissed me. Deeper this time, but still delicately running his tongue over my lips and into my mouth. As he kissed me he ran both of his hands up my thigh and under my dress. He stroked my arse from my lower back down to where it joins with my leg. I opened my legs a little, I wanted him to touch my pussy, I wanted him to feel how wet he had made me.
Instead I felt my dress rising, exposing my arse. I could hear voices behind us as we neared the top of the escalator. There were people up there and they could probably see what Jim was doing with my dress. The idea of being watched excited me even more and I could wait no longer for Jim to find my pussy by himself. I reached behind me and moved his hand between my legs. He caught on quickly and ran a finger along my slit.
We reached the top and Jim removed his hands and I straightened my dress. It was fairly early so we didn't have to queue or even pay a cover charge, not that doormen usually make me wait in the queue or pay, anyway. I was a little worried that the place may be empty, but when we got inside I saw there were enough people to mostly fill it without it being too crowded.
Jim led me straight to the dance floor and we began dancing. I was surprised at how well he danced, and how relaxed he was on the dance floor. We danced for a few songs and he became bolder in the way he touched me. At first he had just one hand on my waist, then two, and then he began to rub his hands up and down my body. My hands were all over him as well, stroking his chest, fondling his arse, and rubbing his crotch.
There were other dancers all around us, and even though they could see us, I felt like we were in our own private island of sensuality. Occasionally I would remember they were present, and they could see my hand on Jim's crotch or his hand on my arse, and I would get more excited and squeeze his cock, or lift my leg onto his hip and let my skirt ride up, giving them the same view Jim had had when I got out of the car.
I let Jim raise my skirt and stroke and squeeze my arse. I could feel the breeze blowing against the bottom of my arse and I knew I was exposed. Now and then Jim would pull my body against his, pressing me against him with his hand on my exposed arse. His put his hand under my dress and ran it along the crack of my arse and it was almost more than I could take. He ran his finger along the lips of my pussy opening my lips and sending bursts of pleasure through my body. His finger slid along my wet lips without resistance. I wished he would sink a finger into me, as I desperately needed release.
It was finally more than I could take. I needed a drink. I led him by the hand to the bar where we joined the queue. He stood behind me and ran his hands up and down the side of my body and across my breasts. My god he had me in such a state I couldn't even think of what I wanted to order.
As we stood in line at the bar with people pressing in on us from all sides, he began to lift my dress, leaving me naked and exposed. When he had lifted it as far as my hips he stopped. No one could see anything, he was blocking the view from behind, and the men beside me and in front of me were too close to be able see at the angle they needed. Nevertheless, it was extremely exciting to be so uncovered with so many men so close to me. My hairless pussy was completely uncovered in a nightclub. My juices were flowing freely now and my thighs were wet with them.
By the time we reached the bar I was almost high. Jim held my dress up with one hand and stroked my arse and thighs with his other hand. He was teasing me. I was almost certain he knew the effect he was having on me. He would occasionally brush his hand ever so lightly across my clit or pussy, enough to make me quiver, but not pressing nearly hard enough to give me any release.
"What can I get for you?" the barman asked.
When I opened my mouth to speak, Jim finally slipped a finger into me, two in fact. All that came out of my open mouth was a long groan as I felt the delicious pressure that means there was something inside me. After a couple moments where the barman was simply staring at me, probably staring at the look of bliss on my face, I could finally speak.
"Two long island iced teas please," I finally managed to say as a series of grunts while Jim began thrusting those delicious fingers in and out of me.
I reached around and found Jim's other hand and put it on my clit. He began stroking it quickly for me. His fingers inside me and his finger on my clit were more than enough to bring me to orgasm. I think I may have squeaked a couple of times as I came, but mostly I was quiet. The barman did look up from the drinks once with a sly smile, so I suspect he had some idea of what Jim was doing to me.
After I came I moved Jim's hands away from my pussy. I was way too sensitive now to be touched. The fingers that had been inside me were covered in my syrupy cum, and I had him wipe his hand on my dress, spreading my own cum over me.
I paid for the drinks and we walked back into the main area of the club. I had a couple of large gulps as we walked and came to a stop looking at the people on the dance floor. Jim took me by the hand and led me past the dance floor into another area of the club. We passed a barrier into a section that was closed for renovations.
Jim took my glass, and put it on the floor with his. He turned me to face him and put one arm around me, holding me tight against his body. His erection was pressing into my stomach and I began to stroke his cock though his pants. It was his turn now. I was about to kneel down to take him my mouth when he kissed me. His kiss was deep and hungry this time, there was nothing delicate about it. I responded just as intensely and lifted one leg onto his hip.
Jim lifted me and I wrapped both of my legs around his body. My dress rode up and my bare pussy was pressing against his crotch. My lips were open and ready and I pressed and rubbed myself against him. He walked us over to a wall and pressed me up against it. He began thrusting his crotch against me and I yearned to have him inside me. I removed my legs from him and he eased me down.
We both fumbled with his pants, which were covered with my cum. When we eventually got his pants undone, his cock sprang out and stood straight up. It looked delicious and I wanted to taste it, but Jim pulled me against him again and lifted me onto his hips. My dress rode up and Jim pushed it up even higher, leaving me exposed all the way to just below my breasts. I could feel his cock pressing against me, and I lifted myself up and away. I reached down and held his cock in my hand. I ran my hand up and down his shaft a few times. It felt beautiful, hard and silky. As I squeezed his cock gobs of precum leaked onto my hand and soaked it. I wiped his precum onto my dress letting it mingle with my own cum from earlier.
I positioned my pussy above his cock and lowered myself onto him. I let go as the head entered me and let myself slide down the entire length of his shaft. I filled myself with him. I could feel the heat of him as he slid deeper and deeper inside me and opened me wider and wider. He pushed me up against the wall again and began thrusting into me. His thrusts were hard and fast, pushing himself deep inside me and then withdrawing all but the very tip. I had a hunger to have him as deep inside me as we could reach and I swivelled my own hips in time with his thrusts, twisting and moving back and forth as he held me, pushing my hips forward to meet his hips as he pounded his cock into me.
He found the catch on my dress and undid the strap, exposing my breasts. I was almost entirely naked now, my dress crushed around my ribs, I was completely exposed above and below. In a mirror behind Jim I could see around the barrier and through the entrance to the dance floor where people were dancing. The idea of people dancing just metres away while Jim and I fucked drove me crazy. I began to cum again as I watched the dancers and thrust my hips in time with Jim's own thrusts.
I was high and out of control, wishing the people on the dance floor knew what was happening so near by. I was wishing not only that they knew, but that they could see, that they were here watching us having sex. I imagined they were, and I could feel the spasms beginning deep inside my pussy as I had an intense orgasm.
"Yes, yes," I said, with my words sounding more like grunts than language.
"Oh, Jim, fuck me, fuck me, I'm cumming," I cried out, willing my audience to hear my exclamations as I came.
Jim squeezed me tighter as he came, almost to the point of pain, but the pressure on my body just drove my pussy into deeper spasms, forcing more guttural moans from my throat. Somehow Jim managed to push his cock even deeper into me and I could feel his cock jerk over and over as he shot load after load of cum deep inside me.
When we were both spent we used the wall for much needed support. We lacked the strength needed for me to get down. After some time I began to slip and Jim eased me down to the floor. My dress slipped down to my ankles and I stood there naked in a dance club for a few moments before I bent and picked it up and dressed myself with shaking hands. Despite being almost completely exhausted I still found it exhilarating to be almost nude in a dance club with so many oblivious people so close.
Jim looked at my naked body and said, "You're beautiful Lisa, you have such an amazing body."
Once we had dressed and straightened our clothes Jim picked up our drinks and passed me mine. I took a few more much needed gulps. I put my arms around Jim and gave him a moist and lingering kiss on the lips.
"That was amazing," I said. "My head is spinning, I'm in another world."
"I know the feeling baby," he replied. "I'm right there with you."
We finished our drinks, and returned to the main part of the club. I headed for the bathroom, as I badly needed to get cleaned up. I had both his and my cum running down my legs all the way to my feet, and I could feel the wetness under my arches.
"Where are you going baby?" Jim asked, taking me by the hand as I started to leave.
"I need to clean up a little, sweetie," I replied. "I have cum all over me."
He pulled me to him and kissed me, and whispered in my ear, "Let it dry on you baby. I want to dance."
My god, he wanted me to walk into the crowd covered in our cum and dance! I could still feel his cum leaking out of me. Every now I then I would feel a runny bit flow rapidly down my leg. My thighs were beginning to stick together when they met, as some of the cum dried and became sticky. For a second I was in shock, but as I thought about it more, I felt a tingling begin in my loins, and I realised that it would actually be very exciting. I wondered if the people near us would be able to smell the sex on us.
I took Jim by the hand and drew him onto the dance floor. We were both worn out, and our dancing was much less energetic than it had been earlier, but for all of that it was no less sensual. Jim ran his hands over my body, occasionally lifting my dress and giving our fellow dancers a view of my arse. With the attention Jim was drawing to us by lifting my dress I felt sure that people would be looking and would notice the shiny runnels of cum on my legs.
Before long it was obvious that we didn't have the energy for more dancing and I led us off the dance floor.
"Let's go home," I said. "I'm exhausted."
"Me too," he responded. "Should I take you home or do you want to stay with me tonight?"
"Take me home please, I have an early start tomorrow," I said, "but I'd love you to stay with me tonight."
"Alright, gorgeous," he said. "Your place it is."
We walked to the car in silence and in one another's arms. We didn't need to say anything and the silence was comfortable and warm. I was glad neither of us wanted to fill it with what would be meaningless small talk. The silence lasted the whole drive home as well. Jim would give me the occasional look, the smile and the warmth in his eyes, said much more than words could. And when he quirked a single eyebrow at me with a mischievous grin, I knew that our fun was not over.
The silence gave me the time to think about what we were doing. I had really enjoyed my evening with Jim, especially since there was no talk of anything serious. No thought about what it meant, no thought about where it might lead. It was such a relief after my experiences the last couple of nights with men that wanted so much more of me than just sex, so much more that I wasn't willing to give. With Jim it was nothing but free and uninhibited sex, we wanted to do it and we did. It was such a powerful feeling, being able to enjoy our bodies together without any need to worry about consequences, with no questions and the judgements that so often hide behind them.
The silence wasn't broken until we rode the elevator up to my apartment where Jim took me in his arms and kissed me. As we kissed, he undid the catch on the strap of my dress again and pushed it down past my breasts. I was a little uncomfortable with this kind of display where I lived, but told myself that no one would be around at this time of night.
"You like to show me off, don't you?" I asked.
"Yes, I do, you're too sexy to keep hidden," he said. "It doesn't bother you does it?"
"Did I look like it bothered me tonight?" I answered, returning his question. "Does it look like I'm bothered now?"
"No," he said, "and it makes me so hot that you like it too."
I stroked his cock, which was getting hard again, and I said, grinning, "I can see it makes you hot."
We held hands as we walked to my apartment. I held my dress around my waist to prevent it sliding down any further, just in case there were people around. I didn't want my neighbours to see too much of me, and I felt my breasts would be enough.
Once we were in the door, Jim took my hand away from my dress and it fell to the floor.
He took a step back and looked me up and down. "Amazing," he said. "You have no idea how much I want your body."
"'Good enough to eat,' you said earlier," I said.
"And I will," he said, as he stepped to me and picked me up.
He carried me down the hall of my apartment, looking in each room we passed until he had found the bedroom. He took me in and threw me on the bed. When I landed I rolled onto my side and watched him.
As he stepped towards the bed, I said, "Undress, I want to watch you."
He smiled and undid his belt as he kicked his shoes off. After undoing his belt he unbuttoned his shirt and let it fall to the ground. He had a nice hard chest. I could see the bulge in his pants as he undid them and when he had them off his cock poked out of his boxer shorts. He was hard and erect and it was sticking out of the opening in his shorts.
"Bring that here," I said. "I want it."
He got his shorts off and stepped to the side of the bed. I squirmed over to the side of the bed and took his cock in my hand. I wrapped my hand around it and stroked it a few times, while I looked at his face. He was smiling at me, enjoying looking down at me as I worked his dick with my hand. Slowly the physical sensations took over and he closed his eyes, letting go and enjoying the feeling as I stroked him. When he did, I took him in my mouth, and slowly ran my mouth down the length of his cock, licking and sucking as I went. I moved slowly so he could feel it with every inch of his cock as he slid deeper into the warm wetness of my mouth.
I hadn't intended to go down on Jim. I had really wanted him inside me again, but I am helpless to resist an erect cock when I see one. When I see the swollen head and the veins standing out along the length of it I get an almost irresistible urge to take it in my mouth, and once I have started it is almost impossible for me to stop until I feel the entire shaft jerking as it shoots its load into my mouth.
This time was no different. I grew more and more excited as I sucked on Jim's cock. My pussy and nipples began to tingle as I became more and more aroused, but despite my mounting arousal I was powerless to take the cock out of mouth and drag Jim down onto the bed and into me. I could feel the wetness gathering in my pussy. I could feel my lips opening in preparation to be entered. I could feel my legs opening almost of their own accord.
While all of these things were happening I continued to run my mouth up and down the length of his shaft. I took it out of my mouth and ran my hand along the length of it very fast, squeezing his cock, and letting it rub against my cheek as I ran my hand down it. It was shiny with my saliva when I looked at and slippery in my hand. Jim was groaning with each stroke of my hand and still had his eyes closed. I lowered my head to his balls and took them in my mouth as I stroked his cock with my hand.
I reached behind him with my other hand and stroked his arse. Letting my fingers wander closer and closer to his crack with each stroke. I began to move my hand up and down his arse with my fingers in the crease between his cheeks. With each stroke I let my fingers slide deeper into his crack until they were gliding past his arse hole on each stroke. As I stroked him I began to apply a little more pressure each time I passed his anus. He moved his legs apart slightly which I took to be approval and I began to play with his arsehole with my fingers.
I put my middle finger right on his opening and twirled it around in a circle, applying a little more pressure with each circle. He was moaning almost constantly now and began to thrust back and forth with his hips. When he began to thrust I took his cock back into my mouth and let him drive it into my mouth. I could feel his thrusts alternately pushing his cock into my mouth and then pushing his arsehole against my finger. I let his thrusts push my finger into his arsehole, not applying any additional pressure until the tip of my finger had penetrated him, then I pushed my finger further into him. I held my finger in place as he moved his hips back and forth, causing my finger to plunge in and out of his arse, as if I was fucking him.
"I'm going to cum," he said, and pulled out of my mouth.
"What's the matter sweetie?" I asked. "You can cum in my mouth."
"I want to cum on you," he answered. "Is that alright?"
"Yes, baby, cum on me anywhere you want," I said.
"I want to watch as my cum lands all over you," he said, "on your boobs and on your face."
I began stroking his cock as he took a couple of steps down the bed and leaned over me. He stopped moving his hips so I began to move my finger back and forth in his arse. He was near the bottom of my ribs when he started to cum and his first shot splashed onto my boob and shoulder. He turned to face more towards the head of the bed and took a step and shot more cum on my chest and neck. He leaned over me then and several shots of his spunk landed on my mouth and cheeks. I licked up the cum that landed on my mouth, and wiped up the rest of the cum with my hand and licked it off my fingers.
I let my finger slip out of his arse as he climbed onto the bed next to me.
"You look so hot with cum all over you, Lisa," he said, "and I love how you wiped it up and licked it off your fingers."
"I like it when you cum on me sweetie," I said.
"You like it when it when I cum on you, or when a man cums on you?" he asked.
"I like having cum on me, I like watching it shoot out of a cock and land on me," I said.
"Not just mine then, any man's cum?" he asked.
"Any man I like enough to be in bed with," I answered.
"I'm glad you told me, I'm glad we don't have to play games," he said. "You don't have to pretend with me Lisa."
"I know," I said.
"God that was good," he said. "Did you have fun on Thursday night after I left?"
"Yeah, I did, I had a really good night," I replied.
He rolled onto his side to face me and said, "That's what Tony said too."
"Really? You've spoken to him?" I asked. "I slept with Tony that night, what did he say?"
"I spoke to him today, and he told me you slept together and that it almost killed him. I know what he means now.
"When I found out you had slept with him I wondered what would happen on our date, but when I saw you in that dress I knew. But, god, it was so much better than I could have imagined."
He got up then and moved down to the bottom the bed. I was lying on my back and he took one leg in each of his hands and moved them apart, and up the bed, until my thighs were almost at right angles with my body. As he opened my legs my pussy lips opened as well. He knelt between my legs and looked at me as he ran his hands along my thighs. I was quivering with anticipation, I wasn't sure what he was going to do, but I wanted it to happen.
"You have such a tight and pretty little pussy baby," he said, "I love that you have no hair, it's so smooth, and I can see your pretty lips. It's gorgeous when it's open like that, waiting for me to do something. It's like it's inviting me in."
He leant down and began to lick around my pussy then, moving from one thigh to the other, sometimes brushing lightly across my lips, teasing me, but not allowing me satisfaction. Then he let his tongue settle onto my clit, flicking it a little, toying with it, sending sparks through my body and making me quiver and twitch. Slowly he began to apply a little more pressure and began to lick with the flat of his tongue. Not flicking it any more, but just rubbing it firmly with the softness of his tongue. I was squirming under him in moments with my breath coming in ragged gasps.
He brought me so high with just his tongue and then he slid a finger into my pussy and began rubbing my g-spot. God I was on fire. I could feel an intense orgasm building and felt like I would explode soon. I felt him position a finger at the opening to my arse. He applied a little pressure, enough to let me know he was there, but did not enter me. I lifted my legs a little higher and angled my arse up slightly, giving him better access. Thus encouraged he slid his finger into my arse and I felt completely filled. He didn't thrust his finger into me or penetrate me far, he was only in me far enough to stimulate my arse, which is very sensitive.
With all of the different stimulations I was experiencing in my nether regions it was not long before I began climaxing steadily. With each climax I could feel my pussy squeezing on his finger and almost pushing him out of me. He continued to rub my g-spot and tongue my clit, bringing me higher and higher until finally I had an explosive orgasm which drove my hips up off the bed and drew a huge moan from my lips. As I came he pushed his finger deep into my arse and drove me even closer to losing my mind. I could feel the juices flowing out of me as I came and came and came.
When it was over he moved back up the bed and lay down next to me. I snuggled up against him and put my head on his shoulder.
"Wow. Baby that was amazing," I said, "thank you, thank you, thank you."
"It's only fair baby, it was your turn," he said.
I lay in the warmth of his arms for a while, feeling safe and secure, happy and satisfied, and eventually I drifted off to sleep.