The day I filmed my first sex scene was as exiting and terrifying as the first day I worked as a professional actress nearly eight years before.
Both days I felt a swirling maelstrom of emotions never landing on one feeling for long. The most prominent feelings were of excitement to be the centre of attention, terror that I was unworthy of all that attention, confidence that I had done everything I could to be prepared for the day and certainty I wasn't ready.
As I walked onto the sound stage I wore only slippers and a fluffy robe nothing else. I had been filming on that stage for the last eight years but the fifty or so voices excitedly getting every detail of this mornings work ready began to fall silent as they noticed me, my assistant and the second assistant director approaching the set. That had never happened before.
It was supposed to be a 'closed set' with only 'essential personnel' there but a lot more people were on the sound stage than seemed necessary. All of them had been busily working toward the moment I would stand in front of them and take off my clothes in public for the first time in my life.
Well, actually they were there to help tell the story of our show a famous series of books from the Nineties.
The gist of the story is a Princess in a fantastical kingdom escapes death while the rest of her family are murdered. The Princess goes into hiding while barbarian invaders lead by a tyrant king search for her.
I play the character of the Princess.
For eight years and five seasons my character had grown up hunted by the sinister leader of the barbarians so he could wed her and cement his right to rule these lands.
The King captured The Princess in the final episode of season four. In the first episode of season five the Princess was returned to his castle, her ancestral home where she had been magically enspelled. The episode ended with the Princess in the King's bedroom being tied up.
We were about to film what happened next.
This show is famous for its lewd sex scenes. Rape, incest and orgies were all possible on this show. For the last four seasons I had been spared taking part in any of the overtly sexual stuff both because my character's virginity was a major plot point but also because I was a child when we started filming.
I had turned eighteen the month before filming my first nude scene.
In the popular original books a major plot point revolved around the moment the King captured the Princess. The famous scene involved graphic sexuality and filming it would be very challenging for everyone.
The behind-the-scenes negotiations around this scene had been going on for almost a year but they could only be hypothetical and vague for most of that time because of my age. Until the negotiations for this episode my parents had been closely involved in my participation on the show but obviously they didn't want any part in me doing a sex scene on film.
It was one of the most notorious and discussed rape scenes in that genre of writing. Endless debate over the graphic nature of the writing and the language the author used swirl online and on podcasts but no one ever questions that the defilement of the Princess is what forges the woman and the leader she becomes. The children conceived from this event are the main subjects of the next series of books set in this world. Without this scene the rest of the events of the story cannot unfurl.
Ever since filming on the show began eight years ago people had known this scene was going to take place. No one knew just when because we had shuffled scenes around from the books but now that I was eighteen internet speculation was burbling away.
And eventually the day came to film it.
I made my way through the maze of equipment and people on the sound stage floor and walked onto the set a Gothic-like bedroom from a fantastical world. By the time I arrived at my destination on the set the only people still talking were the producer/show runner (The boss of bosses), the director and the actor playing the barbarian King.
All three of these men are very famous but to me they are like uncles.
The director had been with us most of the first season and helped us all bond as a cast and crew. Every season after that he filmed the biggest, most important episodes; his vision key to the success of the franchise. He is warm and friendly but a focused artist. It was his job to make sure the ravishment of the Princess told the story in the script and packed the most emotional impact for the viewers.
The producer was the man who convinced everyone involved that these books could be made into an R-rated series on a specialty streaming service. He's the man who hired me as a ten year old girl, who had watched me grow from a precocious tween to a focused performer. We respected and loved each other.
The man playing the evil King was a tremendous actor famous for movies, television, theatre, and for being wickedly handsome, powerfully built and devilishly charming. He was also in his forties and had known me since I was a child yet today his job was to pretend to psychologically and sexually terrorize the Princess.
Acting is an insane business.
After a few moments the two other actors involved in the scene as well as the Director of Photography joined us on the set to all discussed in detail what was about to happen. We choreographed where every hand was going to go and how the camera was going to capture it all. These conversations had been going on a bit at a time over the course of several days because there were a lot of questions about how much to show from the original books.
In the books the scenes were graphic, prolonged and continued for many chapters as the Princess was defiled for days before her eventual escape. Everyone involved in our show was very concerned about what to show and how.
We had agreed to film the scene in several ways, one fairly tame version (tame for our show), one slightly more risque and one very graphic version. Then in editing we would see what worked best in context of the whole episode.
We were going to shoot me naked all day today and tomorrow.
I admit I zoned out as the conversation got more and more technical. I was playing the helpless victim and I honestly felt it best that the Princess be unable to anticipate what was going to happen. Its easier to act if you can be free in the moment to react honestly.
I'd had to agree to where they could touch me and what could be filmed but that had been days ago. Now I was letting myself forget that and focus on the Princess' fear.
Unfortunately my personal arousal was interfering.
This whole situation was straight out of my deepest, darkest sexual fantasies.
Maybe because I'm an actress I already have an exhibitionist streak. I do love being the centre of attention but I can be very shy if I don't have lines or a character to hide behind. I love to entertain, I love pretending to be other people and I've always felt a deep need to please people but did that justify how powerfully aroused I was as I waited to expose myself in front of my co-workers?
As I grew up I learned to enjoy male attention and because I'm on a famous series I have gotten a lot more of that attention than most girls normally get. I've been photographed for magazines where they asked me to pose in tiny outfits and reveal a lot of skin and I learned I quite enjoyed it. I loved being told I was cute or sexy or beautiful. Who wouldn't?
Secretly I only partly believed it anyway.
Some of that attention inevitably focused on what my body looked like. I'm petite and think of myself as kind of a pixie but I've been criticized online and in person for being too tiny and told that I probably have an eating disorder.
The fact is that on the show my character has been on the run for years and so I've worked hard at keeping thin- skinny actually- during shooting but I do it healthily. The production provides me with a nutritionist and a personal trainer. I have to take hand-to-hand combat and knife and sword training constantly, filming lengthy battle scene often. With all of that my body is in peak condition.
Even so because I knew this scene was coming and that at some point this scene was going to be uploaded and watched by way more people than actually watched the show I had a lot of anxiety about how my body looked. I felt anxiety and arousal from the thought of being seen by millions.
For weeks I fantasized about all those people seeing me nude. My clit grew tender from how much I abused it visualizing the world watching me in these scenes.
Once I finally agreed to being fully nude for the scene I had gone to work at getting into fantastic shape.
I got the production to hire a trainer that top swimsuit models work with, someone who knew all the secrets the most famous women in the world used to look their very best. All summer I obsessed over calories, fluids, ketones and all sorts of body processes.
I feel like an expert on food now.
In the end my body was as perfectly sculpted as it was likely ever going to get.
Even so I couldn't eat the morning of filming I was so nervous. I stared at myself in the mirror after my shower and cried because I didn't think my body was worthy of being immortalized forever on the internet.
But I also masturbated to the point of orgasm three times as I looked at my amazing body and fantasized about everyone I knew seeing me naked later that day.
It was a weird dysphoria that didn't make sense.
When I stopped cumming and sobered up from the post-climax bliss I freaked out about what a pervert I was being. Why was the idea of having my co-workers seeing my newly-sculpted naked body so erotically compelling?
I had a non-diagnosed, probably-just-being-dramatic panic attack and then I got into a car and was driven to the studio.
In the car I sat in the back curling up in yoga pants and a huge sweater. Secretly I kept touching my throbbing sex. I was still powerfully aroused about what was going to happen at work. All those eyes on me for all these years, all this obsession over my body- my own obsession and the public's- had insinuated itself into my sexuality.
I had very little romantic experience for an eighteen year old because I'd been working professionally for my whole puberty. Between that and homeschooling I hadn't had anything close to a normal childhood. I still lived at home with my family at the time we shot that scene. I'd never had a serious boyfriend and most of the kissing I had ever done had been on screen as my character. Thus my fantasy life revolved around work relationships, porn and romance novels.
I'm kinda broken I think.
My masturbatory fantasies always involve an audience. In my mind every time I have any sort of sex, even in a car, there are people filming it through the windows. If I imagine sex on a secluded beach I know the paparazzi will be in the bushes filming it.
The day of my first nude scene however I was actually going to be seen by a crowd of people for real. I was going to be groped and fondled by men I had known for years in front of people who were essentially my family and perversely I was fantastically horny because of it.
I could hardy stop myself from covertly rubbing my aching pussy as I went through hair and make up.
The make-up artists and hair stylists had to strip me completely bare to even-out my tan lines, bruises, and to touch up the pubic hair I had been officially asked to grow back.
Acting is so weird!
I was trembling with nerves and suppressed passion as four people surrounded me and brushed make-up on my skin or teased a comb through my pubic hair. I stood still and had to endure it while not masturbating from the sheer pleasure of their attention.
On set my thoughts drifted back to the men discussing how the scene was to be filmed. Feeling dozens of eyes on me as the moment of filming grew closer had me almost panting with nerves and arousal. I hadn't know it was possible to feel this level of sexual tension. I felt insane and distracted but used all my training to stay focused and calm on the outside.
Every non-essential person had been removed from the set, supposedly, but it still seemed as though most of the men who had ever worked on the show were standing in the shadows beyond the bright lights focused on me as I stepped into my position.
I replaced my friend who had been hired as my stand in.
Her job was to be me when the crew were setting up lights and cameras so I could be in make up or working with the director or whatever. We looked a lot a like but more importantly were were the same height, build and had very similar skin tone. That was important for the filming process.
We gave each other a hug. She had just been standing there in a tiny bikini for an hour as they got everything ready for me. All the men who were about to ogle me had been leering at her all morning but she hadn't had to be completely naked.
As my friend put on a similar robe to the one I wore she slipped into the shadows yet I noticed she didn't leave. She too was going to watch me bare myself.
The firsts assistant director, the person who did all the managerial work on set came over to ask if I was ready. She never did that and I could see that as one of only six other women on the set of fifty plus people she was worried about me woman to woman.
I wasn't sure what to say or do to reassure her so I said a famous line from the show.
"A Princess never lets them see her fear." And I grinned my character's wicked smirk.
It worked and she visibly relaxed.
I thought it made me seem crazy but there you go.
I stood below a rope suspended from the ceiling. It had a loop for me to put my hands through. The lights were aimed so that this little spot was the brightest in an otherwise murky room and I immediately grew warm from the heat of them.
Two women fussed with my hair and make up, making sure I looked tormented and tussled. A wardrobe assistant stood near, ready to take away my slippers and fuzzy robe. Three actors, the ones playing the King, the Wizard and a traitor to the Princess hovered near but at a respectful distance. Two of them had done many nude scenes.
Almost every female cast members had been naked at some point on the show and most of the men too. Some of them had done their very first nude scene on this show as well and I'd heard all kinds of reactions from the actors from good to bad.
I'd also heard the crew whispering about the actors bodies and I'd seen leaked photos from the set; shots never meant to be revealed that appeared on the internet.
Of all the other actors whose experiences I had carefully observed none of them had been on the show for as many years as I had before their first nude scene. None of them had grown up in front of these people; they all been at least eighteen the first time they walked on set.
This was an entirely unique situation and it was receiving a lot of attention.
I was receiving a lot of attention.
The first thing we were going to shoot is called The Master Shot. Its a wide shot involving as much of the set as we can fit in the camera frame. Next we move the camera closer for two person shots and closer still until finally the tight shots of eyes and such.
In the master shot I was to be dangling from the rope and presented to the Evil King. The Wizard had cast a spell on me to make me compliant.
The room fell even more silent, almost everyone's job was done until the director said cut and we filmed it again.
The First Assistant Director called out "Final touches!" meaning it was the last moment for all the departments to do any last tweaks to their stuff.
It was time for me to disrobe.
The wardrobe assistance held out her hand for the robe.
I stripped and kicked off the slippers and at last my body was revealed to the people I had been working with for my entire career.
Trying to avoid trembling with fear, or lust, or a dizzying mix of both I lifted my hands into the loop of rope hanging above my head. The props master a sixty-something year old grizzled film veteran was forced to press his body against my back and butt as he reached over my head to tighten the loop around my wrists.
It sent a perverse thrill though my skin. My body didn't seem to care that this grandfatherly, kind, old man wasn't attractive to me at all being touched in that heightened state felt titillating.
"Tight enough" He murmured in my ear?
"Tighter please." The rope was soft and wasn't biting into my skin. I wanted some resistance to struggle against for the scene.
The rope cinched tighter and I felt a stab of excitement at being helpless.
The hair and make up department swooped in and did tiny touch-ups to the make up on my body that had been smudged by the robe. As fifty people watched the women brushed my bare flesh with powder, rouged my nipples lightly, primped my meagre pubic hair and basically gave every man there a reason to watch them touch my most intimate parts.
The smell of my own lust wafted up to my nose humiliatingly. A stylist was inches from my sex using a brush to fluff my pubic hair artfully which wafted my scent into the air. I was mortified by my obvious pleasure at being exposed. My nipples were aching and pointed and my face flushed with a passionate blush.
I felt as if I wore a sign,
'Horny Slut! Look at me!'
The props master handed the evil King a soft leather flail as the three actors moved in close and positioned themselves around my helpless, exposed body. It was exciting having them fully costumed while I was utterly naked. My eyes scanned their faces as they tried not to ogle me.
Their eyes on me gave me such a thrill that I could almost ignore the how guilty I felt for enjoying their lustful attention. I wasn't supposed to like being naked this much but it made my insides warm and liquid.
"Clear the set please." the first AD called and everyone scurried off leaving just the four of us.
No-one obscured anyone's view of my nudity now, my pale skin glowing in the light was the brightest point in the vast room.
Helpless to resist my need for stimulation I squirmed rubbing my thighs together trying to squeeze my thrumming clit. I was abjectly aroused having all those eyes raking my nudity.
"Sound?" the first AD called.
"Speed" was the reply, indicating the sound was recording.
"Camera"
"Set" they each replied telling her they were ready.
There were three cameras shooting this take. One on a crane that was going to sweep across the scene as I was tortured and fondled, one on a tripod shooting straight at me and one handheld that was going to film each of us as the action moved.
"Action!" the director called and it began.
I slumped and dangled from my ropes, my body stretching, all the muscles engaged as I fought gravity. I acted dreamy and lost the Wizard having cast a spell on me last episode.
"What have you done to her?" the King growled.
"Made her more amenable to your attention m'lord." The Wizard smirked. "The Princess knows where she is and what is happening to her but the slightest touch will inflame her desires, Highness. A slap will delight her. The whip give her pleasure beyond her wildest dreams. This is my gift to you to in some measure make up for the continued failure of my minions to capture her."
"And a fitting gift it is." the King reached for me and stroked his large hand down my cheek and I shuddered with delight. "Interesting..." The large hand crept lower and caressed my side and down over my buttocks. I writhed with unwanted passion at his exploration.
Then his hand spanked my ass hard, the sharp crack loud in the near silence.
Remembering my orgasms after the shower that morning I squirmed in my bonds and replicated the prolonged sexual torment of my earlier pleasure.
"Very interesting...."
As he continued to speak the King fondled my body but for this version he didn't touch my breasts or go anywhere near my sex. Still the Princess took magic-induced delight at his touch and reluctantly moaned and whimpered as her body was filled with carnal bliss.
It was the easiest acting I had ever done.
"Thank you for bringing your sister to me." the King grinned as he groped me looking over at the character who had betrayed the Princess.
"Adopted sister!" the actor playing my step-brother spat. "That brat was a nuisance as a child and has been more than a pest since your arrival your highness. She deserves whatever she gets."
"That she does. Wench! You have set my plans back years." He snarled into my face and I flinched, immediately switching from lust to fear as he stopped touching me.
Then his hands once more began to explore my body.
It was thrilling to feel hands on me, I had hardly ever been touched by anyone so intimately. Having it happen in front of a crowd of people was marvellous and for some sordid reason having it happen on film was distressingly provocative.
"Come, hold your sister still for me."
The weaselly adopted brother moved close and held my hips. I acted grateful for his touch, and snuggled close to him.
"Tell me who is in your network of spies, Princess. How have you been eluding me all these years?"
"Go to hell!" I snarled at him, caught between hate and desire.
"I think I'm going to put you through hell instead."
With that the King began to whip my naked chest with the leather flog he held.
The leather tongs were soft, designed for BDSM play but still as they lashed my sensitive breasts they left red marks on my skin. I writhed in unsimulated delight at the debasement. The Weasel had to hold me close as the Princess struggled in orgasmic torment from being whipped.
As the whip struck me and the Weasel held me I felt my body actually react with pleasure. In seconds a real climax ripped away my professional shield and I trembled with honest ecstasy at the erotically charged situation I was in. The orgasm was small but it was real and I gasped and panted as I was flogged.
When the director had enough he called "Cut." and the room burst out in murmurs and whispers as the observers either rushed to fix something, reset something, adjust something or discuss what they had just seen.
The wardrobe lady rushed over and wrapped me in the fluffy robe even while my hands were tied in the air. It was her respecting my modesty but that had been just been forever shattered by my lewd performance.
I quivered with suppressed lust at what had just happened to me. My body glowed from the whip and my reaction to it. That had been the most erotically charged situation I had ever encountered and it was just the beginning.
I glanced around and saw a lot of shocked faces and staring eyes.
The crew had never seen me behave like a sexual, passionate being. My character the Princess only had very few moments of romance in the show and they had all been innocent and tentative in keeping with her journey. This scene was meant to be a stark contrast and so none of them had ever seen me behave in an overtly sexual way before.
The innocent little girl of previous seasons was no more. The Princess was now a wanton harlot.
"Back to ones!" the first AD called meaning the first position we began the scene in and everything was reset to do the same shot again.
Once more hair and make up brushed me and painted me as I was again revealed to the crew's staring eyes. I gauged my appeal by the fact that none of them had wandered away.
We performed that same scene again. I allowed my reactions to come organically not seeking to do the exact same thing again. That was already recorded. There had to be some subtle nuance to it that was different.
This time I resisted the pleasure more. My orgasm had gratified enough to not let me be swept up in the touch of the men this time. I was more able to act.
And yet even so once the King began to whip my breasts I once more had a legitimate climax. I was undeniably turned on by being whipped and being observed in a moment of such intimacy. It was an even keener pleasure because these people had never viewed me as sexual being before. It was deliciously taboo and the sordidness provoked my delight.
The third take I found an anguish that the Princess and I both shared. The revelation that I was a perverted person who took delight in having old friends and co-workers witness my debauchery was similar to the Princess's anguish at being forced to take pleasure from her oldest enemy. Or at least it was enough that I was able to cry and orgasm through most of the scene. I actually had several climaxes as tears rolled down my cheeks.
It was a wonderful accomplishment.
Acting is really, really weird.
The next time we went through the scene the director wanted us to go further. This time the King was actually going to touch my breasts which we had agreed on before shooting. Then the Weasel was going to grope my breasts before I was again flogged while being groped.
I had known both these men for eight years. Neither of them had ever so much as glanced at me in a way that I felt was sexual and yet today I could see in their eyes how much they were enjoying touching me. They may have just been in characters but both of them seemed to love it as much as I did.
When action was called the scene began and the energy was darker, more sinister; the lines had more evil in them and my pleasure was more tormented. I truly loved it when, at last, the King began to grope my breasts and I shuddered a legitimate quiver of delight.
When the Weasel fondled me I pressed my ass back against him and felt an erection. He quickly pulled away but I was sure that's what it was. The idea that I was giving anyone in this room an erection thrilled me and when once again the whip struck my breasts I climaxed repeatedly until the director called cut.
When we did it yet again everyone went just a little bit further.
The King was meaner, his groping more possessive and cruel. I was able to find more fear even as my body delighted in the more aggressive treatment. The Princess suffered even more from her magically enhanced sexual desire.
The Weasel groped me more lasciviously and spontaneously licked my neck which was a great improvisation. I pressed back against him and found his hard-on. At that moment he was cupping both my breasts and massaging them so it took him a second to notice my buttocks massage his cock but he pulled back when he did. When the whipping began I pretended to climax but this time I was too focused on wanting to feel the Weasel's cock than what was happening to my tender titties.
One again the director yelled "Cut!"
Sensing that our sexual tension was growing the director told us to let loose and do whatever we felt comfortable with. I nodded, dazed and horny, willing to do anything anyone said if it meant more of this.
It was the same scene, with basically the same lines but it was quite different. That time it was closer to the book.
"Action!" the director called and it began again.
I slumped and dangled from my ropes once more my body stretched taut and I wriggled slightly making sure every muscle flexed to show off all my hard work in the gym. Once more I acted dreamy and lost but now I allowed uninhibited lust to ooze out of me. I licked my lips and ogled the men surrounding me. The Wizard's spell making me a rutting animal in heat.
"What have you done to her?" the King asked somewhat taken aback by my change in demeanour.
"Made her more amenable to your attention m'lord. The Princess knows where she is and what is happening to her but the slightest touch..."For the first time the man playing the Wizard reached out and brushed his fingers down my breasts. The tip of one finger flicking off my nipple as I whimpered with sordid need. "...will inflame her basest desires, highness. A slap will delight her." He illustrated by slapping my breast sharply and I moaned with delight. "Your whip will give her pleasure beyond her wildest dreams. This is my gift to you to... in some measure... make up for the continued failure of my minions to capture her."
The Wizard allowed more irritation than before appear in his voice and he reached up and pinched my nipple wickedly and I gasped in pain which immediately bloomed into raging lust as I struggled in my bonds.
I loved his improvised additions. One more person touching me, using my body without my permission excited me profoundly.
"And a fitting gift it is." the King reached for me and grabbed my breast in his large hand and I shuddered with delight. "Interesting..." The large hand once again crept lower and caressed my side and down over my buttocks. I again writhed with passion at his exploration, eager for more intimate exploration.
When his hand spanked my ass it was the hardest spank yet, the sharp crack loud in the near silence.
I exploded in a real but drastically exaggerated orgasm. Squirming in my bonds I writhed and opened my legs wide for the first time and humped my hips as I climaxed, desperately hoping for someone to touch my burning slit.
"Very interesting...." the King's voice was harsh and deep with passion as he witnessed my shameless behaviour.
Once more he fondled my body but for this version he pinched my nipples and tugged on them. It felt amazing and I wriggled with painful delight at his treatment.
"Thank you for bringing your sister to me." the King grated, passion making his voice harsh.
"Adopted sister." the Weasel murmured. "This slut is no blood kin of mine. The harlot deserves whatever she gets." The slight change in lines added authenticity to the scene, we were all in the zone, living this moment as fully as actors can.
"That she does. Whore! You have set my plans back years!" He snarled into my face and I flinched. Then the King's large hand stroked down my belly and cupped my sex. He hardly brushed my lips but my body jumped with need and sought to press my tingling clit to his fingers.
Respectfully the actor avoided actually touching me but acted like he was fingering me violently and I whimpered my need for real contact humping my hips at him.
"Come, hold your sister still for me."
The Weasel moved close and held me as I struggled. The King pretended to violate me with his fingers while the Weasel groped and pinched me. Having two of them touching me at he same time increased my need for actual intimate contacts. I squirmed my buttocks against the Weasel's erection as he groped my tits.
"Tell me who is in your network of spies, Princess. How have you been eluding me all these years?"
"Go to hell!" I begged.
I wanted to say "Please fuck me!" but the Princess would never.
"I think I'm going to put you through hell instead."
The King stepped back and the Weasel held me for him as the King once more began to flog my sensitive chest.
The soft leather thongs left red marks on my pale breasts. The King probably still held back but this time he hit me harder than ever and my body reacted with a violent orgasm. I writhed in unsimulated delight at my debasement. The Weasel had to hold me close as I struggled in orgasmic torment from the most realistic whipping yet.
When the director had enough he called "Cut." and the room remained still and silent for a few moments the only voices those of the Director and Director of Photography whispering to each other.
The suspended silence gave me time to compose myself. I was in a little pain now, my chest raw and my wrists chaffed from my struggles but my body vibrated with desire for deeper more fulfilling physical contact.
I needed to be fucked.
The first AD called out "Moving on! We are pushing in for twos."
That meant the same scene but now we would move the cameras closer to capture just two people at a time. That required a little time to move the cameras, change lenses, and adjust the lights.
The props master came over to help me get my wrists out of the tightened loop and the wardrobe mistress rushed over and wrapped me in the fluffy robe again.
I had a break while the crew worked so I went back to my dressing room.
My stand in walked by and looked at me with awe and respect. Everyone watched me leave and it thrilled me to think that many of them had erections and wanted to fuck me.
That wasn't how I was used to feeling.
As soon as I was alone in my little dressing room I sat in a lounge chair and began to masturbate. My poor pussy ached to be filled. I had a wonderful vibrator at home but I hadn't brought it to work. I knew I would be horny today but I thought I'd be able to wait until I got home to rub one out while remembering how sexy the day had been. But I was intensely aroused and needed release.
I made myself cum immediately, my body still fully worked up from doing the scene over and over when someone knocked on my door. I threw the robe over my nakedness and opened the door.
It was the actor playing the Weasel.
"Hi. How are you? Can I come in for a second?"
I gestured for him to enter, torn between being glad for the company and wishing to be alone to continue touching my still burning clit.
"I have to say you were amazing this morning! You fucking killed it in the scene!"
I blushed genuinely. After so many years working together it was rare any of us impressed or surprised each other with our acting so for him to gush like this was a big deal.
"And, if it isn't crossing a line.... you looked amazing. You obviously put the work in and your body looks fantastic!"
My blush grew hotter, he was obviously attracted to me all of a sudden.
Weasel he had started the show in the first season as an eighteen year old; I'm sure it never occurred to him to think of me as a sexual being until today but seeing me in all my womanly glory this morning had clearly had an effect on him.
Being paid to fondly and caress my nude body probably contributed as well.
I hoped me pressing my ass to his erection hadn't been too offensive and was trying to think of a way to bring that up when he beat me to it.
"I wanted to ask if anything I did in the scene crossed the line at all. It got pretty intimate there after a while..." He was blushing now too and grinning nervously which oddly put me at ease. If this guy who was older than me and who had already done sex scenes in the show felt awkward or embarrassed then it was ok for me to.
"No. It was great! I mean- it was... um... nothing was bad...nothing crossed any lines. I loved it. I mean... it was great for the scene." I was babbling like a fool trying to express how the actor in the scene felt not the woman. I was ashamed of how turned on the woman was and struggled to find the words to speak about the scene as an actor.
I wasn't acting out there. I was simply getting off in front of everyone.
"Its insane."He said "The things we put ourselves through for this job. But you handled it fantastically. You looked sexy as fuck and acted brilliantly."
It dawned on me slowly that he might be flirting with me.
"Thank you." I had little butterflies in my stomach as I wondered if he was going to try and kiss me or anything. "That last take you were great. So intense... I loved the improv."
"You didn't mind I called the Princess a slut?"
"She was totally being a slut so... no."
"Yeah. Wow! I never would have thought you had that in you. It looked like you loved everything we were doing to you! It was amazing."
"Well... maybe I did..."
I couldn't believe I said that. All the air sucked out of the room as he looked at me to gauge if I meant it or not.
"I mean it sure is nice being the center of attention." I spoke softly, the words just sounds to fill the air while I sorted out what was happening here. "Maybe I liked letting everyone see me naked..."
I saw the shift in him. I could see the face of a big brother shift into the face of a man realizing sex was on offer. It made me feel warm and soft inside as some inner confidence rose up in him.
"Who could blame you with a body like yours. Nobody could take their eyes off you."
"Nobody."
"Not me."
I dropped my robe to the floor and once again bared myself before him but this time we were alone and the flagrant display of my nakedness meant something entirely different.
'Wow." He whispered to himself and my heart filled with joy. All my insecurity vanished as I saw the unmasked lust on his face.
He had spent an hour touching my body over and over but it had all been choreographed and planned out, now that he was free to touch where he liked he hesitated. It took too long. I needed contact so I reached for his hand and guided his fingers to my desperate sex.
Immediately his fingers delved in between my lips and plunged gently inside. I whimpered as my body abruptly roaring to life from the delicious, intimate contact. Reaching up I held onto both his shoulders tightly as his fingers danced around inside my body detonating passion with every stroke.
We began to kiss hungrily.
The man who had not only played my brother in our show but who had become like a brother -or at least a close cousin- fingered my slit and kissed my mouth lasciviously as horny for me as I was for him.
My burning pussy was primed after all the orgasms I had already given her and I began to cum after only a few minutes of kissing and fingering. I was so ready that I came hard enough to fall to the chair. The Weasel helped me sit, never stopping driving his fingers deep inside my convulsing core.
Once I was resting he lifted both my legs over the arms of the chair and displayed my most secret place to his wide eyes. Before I had even stopped cumming he lowered his mouth to my slit and began to suck and lick my clit while still fingering me.
I'm certain I had never cum so hard in my life. I bucked and humped trying to escape the delicious torment he inflicted on my frothing sex. It was useless, his mouth clamped down, his fingers dug deep and he forced me to climax for several long, wonderful moments. I have no idea how long, or how many times I came but I was sweating and panting when he stopped.
A voice down the hall called for 'First Team' which was all the actors.
It was time to go back to work and do all that again but with the camera even closer to the action.
The Weasel jumped up, listened at the door and waited for someone to pass, then looked at me where I still lay sprawled in the chair, legs over the arms, pussy leaking the evidence of my depravity. With a wink he wiped my juices from his mouth and darted out into the hall closing the door behind him.
I could hardly walk as I made my way back to the set.
I had never done drugs at that point but I know now I was as high as if I had done MDMA or something as I walked to set.
"Final touches."
Hair and makeup touched me up, tussling my hair more artfully, reapplying powder, lip gloss and what not. When it was time to drop my robe again someone reapplied make up to my breasts and nipples and another lady knelt to tease out my pubic hair again. As she brushed my pubic hair I saw- because I was looking- I saw her notice how wet and messy my pussy was. I was mortified how obvious it was that there had been a lot of activity down there in the last fifteen minutes. I was so out of my mind from all the orgasms that I decided the shame was worth it.
"Clear the set."
Everyone left except we actors.
For this shot they weren't using the crane, that had been taken down and was being rebuilt on whichever set they needed it next. For this shot A camera was 'on sticks' meaning on the tripod. B camera was a steadi-cam operated by a man in a special harness that counterbalanced the weight of the camera so that as the operator moved the camera didn't bounce and wiggle.
We were all going to do the same action as for the master shot but now everyone was closer together. I was still hanging from the rope and the three men stood far closer than you would in real life but on film it looked perfect.
A camera was focused on myself and the King while the steadi-cam was going to move with the action, first with the Wizard and then with the Weasel.
Now that I had been naked in front of everyone all morning I expected most of them to be over it but when the set cleared and my body was once more fully displayed dangling from the rope the air felt full of sexual tension once again.
But maybe that was just me and the degenerate thrill I got from being exhibited before them.
As before we began with a less intensely sexual version of the scene but given how far we had gone earlier those scenes felt tepid and flat by comparison. Still we were professionals and we found a way to give these performances much of the raw passion of the master shot.
Once more I walked the tight rope of feeling the Princess's fear, anger and betrayal while ensorcelled to feel lust at every touch. Obviously the lust was effortless my pussy still felt squishy and wet from The Weasel's mouth. I felt as if everyone in the room -but most especially the camera- could see the wetness of my sex as I relished their eyes on me.
We performed the same actions a few times and did fine but when the director said to 'Step it up a notch in intensity' I felt the energy in the room shift.
"Action!" the director once again called and it began.
Yet again I slumped and dangled from my ropes my muscled pulled tight and firm as I woozily struggled. I allowed my legs to part and my sex to peek at the camera.
"What have you done to her?" the King rumbled.
"Made her more amenable to your attention m'lord. The Princess knows where she is and what is happening to her, but..." This time the Wizard used his wand to trace a line down from my chin to my pubic hair. The whole time I shuddered and juddered as if the gentle touch of wood was an electric cattle-prod of desire.
"...the slightest touch will inflame her desires highness. A slap will delight her. The whip give her pleasure beyond her wildest dreams. This is my gift to you to in some measure make up for the continued failure of my minions to capture her."
"And a fitting gift it is." the King reached for me and stroked his large hand down the same path the Wizard's wand had gone, down between my breasts over my stomach and to my pubic hair where he delicately twisted his fingers in the growth.
I quivered with growing passion the further down his fingers went.
"Interesting..." The large hand crept lower and once again he cupped my sex making it seem as if he were fingering me but not actually doing it. Delirious as I was with the desire to be touched I undulated my hips trying to get him to touch me. It looked as if I were reacting to his touch but it was actually the lack of touch.
"Very interesting..."
In place of caressing my chest as he had done before the King appeared to finger the Princess making his captive climax against her will. I didn't actually climax, he wasn't really touching my sex but I writhed and mewled as if I were cumming as hard as I just had moments before from the Weasel's mouth.
"Thank you for bringing your sister to me." the King crowed, pleased with his gift as he violated his foe.
"Adopted sister!" the actor playing my step brother spat. "That slut was a nuisance as a child and has been more than a pest since your arrival your highness. She deserves whatever she gets."
"That she does. Wench! You have set my plans back years." He snarled into my face and I flinched, immediately switching from lust to fear as he stopped touching me.
Anguish at the betrayal of her family and her body the Princess began to weep piteously as I improvised. The King watched for a moment enjoying his effect on me and then with greedy delight he used both hands to once more explore my body possessively.
The renewed assault instantly transformed the Princess from weeping victim to wanton participant in her violation thanks to the Wizard's spell. I writhed and squirmed elated to be touched.
"Come, hold your sister still for me."
The Weasel moved close and held me tight to his body with one arm while exploring my chest with his other hand. The steadi-cam moved close to capture his hand moving around my breasts so the audience could see clearly. Behind me the Weasel pressed his hard-on into my buttocks and I wriggled against him shamelessly.
The King lifted my chin using the handle of the flog he held.
"Tell me who is in your network of spies, Princess. How have you been eluding me all these years?"
"Go to hell!" I snarled at him, caught between hate and desire.
"I think I'm going to put you through hell instead."
The Weasel removed his hand from my breast and held my hips.
The King began to whip my naked chest with the leather flog once more.
This time the whip moved lower slapping my taut belly and striking along my hips and lower abdomen. The red glow from the impacts spread across my whole front and the kiss of leather felt wonderful. It stung just a bit but mostly it made my skin tingle with an aching need for the touch of a hand.
Yet again I squirmed in passionate delight from his abuse. As arousing as the whip was I was even more interested in wedging the Weasel's cock between my ass cheeks. I rubbed against him as much as possible and this time he thrust back. The feel of his hardness grinding along the groove of my ass was erotic and lewd. When the director called "Cut." I sagged in disappointment.
"That was great, we got it, but lets do one more for safety."
One more time we did the scene.
Something happened that time. I think we actors all knew that once we went into close-ups the connection between us was going to be lost. The cameras would be so close that any large movement would ruin the shot; actors have to be far more aware technically in a close up than we had been for most of these takes.
And so we cut loose.
The next take was wild, almost unhinged as we dove deeper into the feeling of our characters.
"Action!"
I didn't slump like before, I lunged toward the King my royal anger and hate muted by the spell I was under but not defeated. Then when I found myself helpless in bonds I finally slumped and wept.
"What have you done to her?" the King gloated.
"Made her more amenable to your attention m'lord. The Princess knows where she is and what is happening to her but the slightest touch will inflame her desires, highness." He illustrated by licking a finger and running the wet digit over my nipple. It felt amazing and I whimpered with the need for more.
"A slap will delight her." the Wizard slapped my tit hard and I moaned with guttural gratitude at the sting.
"The whip give her pleasure beyond her wildest dreams. This is my gift to you to in some measure make up for the continued failure of my minions to capture her."
Once more he slapped my tit in petulant pique. I thrashed against my bonds as pleasure bloomed in my chest.
"And a fitting gift it is."
The King's big hands both groped my breasts and I loved how he manhandled my tender orbs.
"Interesting..." One large hand crept lower and caressed my side and down over my buttocks. I writhed with passion at his exploration.
Then his hand spanked my ass hard. I gasped with pleasure. The King groped my breast with one hand bringing me pleasure one way and after a moment of that he slapped my ass again bringing me pleasure in that way.
"Very interesting...."
As he continued to speak the King alternated between slapping my ass and stroking my breasts gently.
The contrast bewildered my overwrought senses and I bucked and undulated in an obscene dance of erotic torture.
"Thank you for bringing your sister to me." the King grinned as he groped me.
"Adopted sister!" the actor playing my step brother spat. "That slut was annoying as a child but as a woman she proves even worse. She deserves whatever she gets."
"That she does. Little whore you have set my plans back years." The King slapped my ass and tits painfully and then abruptly switched to gentle caresses.
I cried out with passion at the slaps and mewled pathetically from the caresses.
"Come, hold your sister still for me."
The Weasel rushed over adding a "Gladly." to his text.
Immediately he fondled my tits and shockingly he lowered his mouth to one nipple and suckled it making me whimper with delight.
Then he took his position behind me his cock wedged as far between my cheeks as we could get it
"Tell me who is in your network of spies, Princess. How have you been eluding me all these years?"
"Go to hell!"
"I think I'll put you through hell instead."
The King began to lash me with the flog once again and it felt wonderful and overwhelming. Warmth flooded my front as he whipped me and I opened my legs offering my sex to the leather. Without missing a beat the King aimed the flog between my legs the leather thongs slapping my vulva painfully bringing me the much sought after stimulation I needed. Three more times he whipped my sex each blow harder than the last. I felt an orgasm building and I thrust my hips forward eager for more but the director called "Cut!"
"Ok..." He said wearily. "That isn't getting past the censors. Lets get ready for close ups. We'll start with our Wizard and move to the Weasel, The King then our Princess last."
Not much had to change for these set ups so we didn't leave the set. Wardrobe brought me my robe and slippers and reluctantly I covered myself. The whip had brought me close to climax and I was jittery and out of sorts not having achieved the tantalizingly release I wanted.
For other people's close up the actors not on camera stand close but on the other side of equipment and crew. If possible we will stand in eye line so the actor in close up has another performer to look at but that isn't always possible if lights, cameras and operators are in the way.
For the Wizard and Weasel the close up went quickly, they didn't have a lot of lines.
The King took a few more takes and I had to stand right next to the camera so he could interact with me. Most of his scene involved him fondling my body so the eye line was very close.
I didn't strip for these takes, the camera was focused on only his face but I pressed against him so he had something to do while he acted. His big hands roamed over my body through the robe which wasn't necessary for the shot but I loved being touched and it certainly helped his performance.
On the third take his roaming hand slipped under my robe and warm flesh groped mine making me sigh happily.
Next we shot the Weasel's one line when he grabbed me and a few reaction shots as I was being whipped and he was holding me close.
I had to drop the robe for these because the director of photography said they needed to see my bare shoulder just to inform the viewer where the Weasel was in the shot.
I slipped one shoulder out and bared my left breast and we shot a few takes of me hanging from the ropes with the Weasel holding me.
Finally it was time for my close up. I once again removed the robe fully and placed my hands in the loop of rope above my head.
The first shots were of my face as I spoke and reacted to all that was happening to me.
With the camera inches from my face I portrayed the wide range of confusing emotions the Princess was experiencing. I began with the drowsy anger as I discovered where I was, the hate at seeing my enemies, the anguished torment of discovering I felt pleasure at the touch of my foes and then the series of humiliating orgasmic expressions of total ecstasy mingled with abject humiliation.
I did well, I'd had all day to feel these emotions so accessing them wasn't difficult but it wasn't transcendent.
I wanted more.
I asked the director if the guys could be physical with me. I needed a little push over the top emotionally.
This man was a good friend who had known me for years and I could see he understood that I wanted the scene to be special but that he was worried about what this was doing to me
"You sure this is ok? I mean you guys have crossed the line a few times today. I'm worried about you."
Forced to look at my behaviour I wondered if I was asking this for me or for the show. Did I enjoy the public degradation my character was going through so much that I was using this situation to gratify myself?
Yes. That was exactly what I was doing.
And in that moment I was so aroused, so far gone in my debauchery that I didn't care.
"Look, "I said, inspired. "The audience doesn't particularly see me as a sexual being. We've spent years asking them to see her as a role model and a leader. My own public persona is of a girl next door sweetheart on purpose. If we are going to get them to buy-in to how life altering this scene is for her and for the rest of the arc of the show then we need to make sure that my acting goes deep enough for them to believe the Princess has fundamentally changed inside. I know I can get there, I just need a little help."
The robe draped around me loosely I looked up at him, this uncle-like man as he considered my pitch. I attempted to look as sane as I could as he assessed me but I felt wild and out of control.
Finally he nodded and waved the other actors over.
"Guys we need a little help. If you would be willing we are going to help our Princess with the scene. Get in as close as we can and rough her up. Do your action as much as possible and lets see if we can dig a little deeper, ok?"
Everyone nodded.
I was asking these men to do what they had already been doing all morning but since the camera wasn't actually recording them it was unusual. Big stars often didn't even stay on set if they weren't on camera. The King was of that level but here he was helping me by staying.
We did the scene again the camera tight on just my face but while we acted the King and the Weasel groped and fondled me, slapped and whipped me as much as they could with the camera and crew so close to me.
I had three orgasms during the scene. The King and Weasel didn't stop touching me and they both inserted fingers inside my burning slit at different moments.
When the King investigated the effects of the spell rather than fondle my breasts which couldn't be seen he reached down and placed a finger on my tender clit. My face twitched as I suddenly felt the stimulation I had been craving since the Weasel's mouth left my sex. Big fingers rubbed my aching button until I came. He spaced his dialogue out to make sure my expressions were all seen by the camera.
Looking only at him, ignoring the camera and people around us, I committed to the scene and fought against the powerful orgasm he was giving me.
I lost the battle and my body released spectacularly, my climax an aching, straining thing that felt almost painful.
"Come hold your sister." the King called as he prepared the flog. The Weasel was already there behind me and his hands fumbled around my body. I felt him grope my breasts briefly and then lower to my hips but then slide lower.
As the King began to flog my chest, his strikes not as sharp as earlier because he didn't have room to swing, I felt the Weasel pull my ass cheeks apart lewdly. The kiss of leather on my bare breasts was helpful in bringing me deeper into the state of the Princess and I knew the camera was seeing something real, something special.
Then shockingly I felt the Weasel slide something bigger than a finger inside me.
I felt wonderfully, deliciously full and I was positive he had shoved his cock inside me. It was warm and big and moved as he wiggled his hips behind me.
As I was flogged and fucked I immediately erupted in a climax that felt like it tore my body apart on a cellular level. Lights exploded behind my eyes, my body trembled and I mewled in tormented rapture.
Some actor's instinct allowed me to hold my head within the tight frame of the camera but my body exploded with blissful euphoria as the two men used me and took me erotic places I had never been.
When the director yelled cut The Weasel withdrew whatever he'd inserted into me and I quivered with disappointment and after-shocks of bliss. I desperately attempted to hide the fact that I was cumming as everyone commented on the scene and discussed doing another take or not.
The wardrobe assistant brought me the robe and my own assistant brought me some water which I drank greedily.
The team decided to move on to the inserts. These were the shots that didn't show faces or dialogue but showed what else was happening. In this case those were going to be shots of my body and what the men's hands were doing to me.
The were going to shoot the King groping me the first time, the slap on the ass, the shots of the Wizard stroking my nipple in close up, the Weasel groping me and holding my hips, and of course the whipping.
I could have used my body double, she was right there but I had zero interest in that. These close ups were the reason I had worked so hard on my body. But also I wanted more of those hands on me, more of the flog and more of the crew seeing me naked.
The next few moments were delightful for the exhibitionist in me. With A camera pointed at me I stood alone in the light, stark naked as the director, director of photography and the man in charge of lighting called the Gaffer all looked at my body in the monitor ten feet away.
"Lets lose some of the yellows; I want her body to look more pale. Her skin is luminous; I love that she kind of glows." The DOP said.
The Gaffer spoke into his walkie-talkie and nearby men adjusted lights.
I stood still feeling the change in the light on me, feeling all those eyes exploring my flesh from afar. Some for professional reasons, others personal.
For two or three minutes the entire room's purpose was to observe my nudity and attempt to make me look as perfect as possible for the camera.
"Can you put your arms up in the loop, please?" the DOP called to me.
I obeyed, a little thrill of pleasure shooting through me at being told what to do.
With my arms up in the rope I felt more exposed, more vulnerable and more aroused. It was perverse. and a new discovery for me finding out how submissive I was. I had never explored that part of my sexuality.
"Lets put a light up over on the left so we halo her hair a bit more... but also it will give her nipples more shadow. It will look great."
The Director of Photography spoke, the Gaffer gave the order and men put a light where they said.
I remained suspended by rope exposed and examined, delighted by my plight.
"Should we get some ice cubes to put on her nipples so they stay hard?" the director asked.
"I don't think her nipples have stopped pointing all day." The camera man chimed in from where he stood behind the camera aimed at me.
"That's true." the DOP agreed.
"Fair enough." the director said.
The slithery, insidious pleasure I got from being objectified so blatantly both inflamed my lust and mortified me. These men were like family. Before today they had never to my knowledge thought about my body in any sexual way; now they openly ogled my nudity and commented on the way to best expose it to millions of viewers.
Acting is so fucking weird.
As the lights were set up hair and make-up came over and I stood still as three women primped and preened my nude body. They re-covered exposed bruises and blemishes. They powdered me, tickling me with brushes. They fixed my hair, matted with sweat from all my physical activity and teased out my damp pubic hair humiliatingly.
Finally the lights were adjusted, the actors all back in place, my make-up touched up and I was ready for them to film just my body as the men abused me.
We spoke our lines just so we could be sure of what actions to do but by this point they had been caressing and stroking my flesh over and over so many times they knew what the order was. Still it helped us escape the embarrassment of what we were doing in public by speaking our lines.
A camera recorded everything from my neck down; B camera got in close and followed the Kings hands as he first stroked my neck, sides and down to my ass for the slap for the tamer version. Then we redid the same action with more intimate exploration.
Suspended by my arms I relished their hands running over my body while I was being filmed. It thrilled me knowing millions of people would see my tits being massaged, my hard nipples immortalized being whipped. I was thrilled that my body flexing and stretching as I writhed in sexual exertion would make men hard. I loved thinking that anyone who wanted to would be able to see what my hairy pussy looked like when this aired.
I felt like such a dirty slut and it was wonderful!
But like all good things it had to end.
Eventually the First AD called out, "Ok, moving on! We are wrapping first team. Thank you for a great day team!"
The crew burst out in applause which was unusual.
Normally actors only got applause on the day they were finished working on the project, which for us was only our guest stars. Also unusually they didn't immediately begin working on whatever scene they were going to shoot next but rather watched us leave set.
Or perhaps more accurately watched me leave set.
It was unnerving.
In my dressing room I hopped into the shower to wash off the make-up and masturbate over and over. I was vibrating I was so horny. By the time I got out my poor clit was sore from so much attention.
I dressed in my street clothes and combed my hair. Over and over I marvelled that this had all been my job today.
Acting is incredibly weird.
I slept restlessly that night, same as the night before. I was feeling pretty scattered as I arrived to work for the second day of filming the Princess's rape.
All night my dreams had been of the hands of everyone at work caressing my skin, touching my most intimate places and as I undressed for my scene I was squirmingly horny again. Once more my entire body was made up but this time there were more bruises to cover. The men had left quite a few marks on me yesterday and my tits were still tender from the whipping and squeezing.
We were shooting on the same stage as the day before but a different area of the King's bedroom. The cameras were all pointing a different direction now focused on a huge bed pushed against a wall.
There were silken ropes tied to each bedpost. Huge pillows lined the massive, ornately carved headboard and thick blankets draped the massive mattress. Candles burned everywhere but only a few of them were real, those ones left unlit for now. Once again the brightest place in the room was the area where I was going to be tortured, my nudity on full display.
It seemed impossible but I was fairly certain there were more people in the room than yesterday. It seemed like every person who had ever lifted a light, turned a screwdriver or pulled a cable was on set trying to look like they belonged there.
It sent a delicious shiver of carnal anticipation rippling through my body at the thought of all those people wanting to see me naked.
Once again there were three cameras set up for the master shot, the crane, the handheld and the one on sticks. The action of the scene began with the King followed by two guards dragging me to the bed. The Princess is still under the wizard's spell so their touch fills her with lust of course. As the two guards tie her to the bed the Wizard and the King have some dialogue.
We ran through the blocking a few times with me still in my big fluffy robe. The guards were played by a couple stunt actors that had been on the show for a few years each. They were big handsome men in their thirties who were good at both acting and performing dangerous physical stunts. They were highly sought after types of actors, people with sword training, martial arts training and stunt certification but who could also act.
Over the years I'd worked with both of these men in numerous fight scenes. I had killed them both in various ways: by sword, fire, falls and hand to hand combat. We had spent hours together and because of the physical closeness required we had sweated, spit, snotted and bled on one another.
Today was going to be the first time they would see me naked.
Usually when we rehearsed our physicality we joked and had fun teasing each other over mistakes or whatever but as the men practiced forcing me onto the bed and tying me down while my character attempted to fuck them we were mostly fairly silent. These men hadn't been here yesterday but they quickly figured out the energy in the room was different.
The fight director set the parameters of what she was looking for within the scene but expressed that we could improvise in certain moments. She trusted us to be safe given our history together.
Before long the crew were all ready, the lights set, the cameras set, the candles lit and the sound ready. On any normal day this was one of my favourite moments when everything settled and I was on the verge of performing. That day I was feeling overjoyed. After the powerfully erotic experience of yesterday I was ready for more with new men and more witnesses.
Once again I stripped off all my clothes and the makeup and hair department did their final touches on me. I felt the guards move in close, ready to take a hold of me when the ladies were finished primping me. The King approached and smiled at me, his eyes confidently raking over my nudity. My legs felt loose and unstable as I felt his eyes graze over my flesh.
"First positions! The 1st AD called out. "Clear the set!"
I was sandwiched between the guards, the King, the Weasel and the Wizard in a tight clump as we prepared to move toward the bed when given the cue.
Finally everything was ready and the director shouted "Action!"
We strode toward the King's bed, the guards dragged me in behind The King and I began to act the part of the ensorcelled Princess tormented by the lust their touch gave her.
They held my arms behind my back, my bare breasts thrust out before me as I was forced toward the bed. I squirmed and struggled to press more and more of my body against their armored forms, the rough leather and steel poking and prodding my tender flesh making me feel increasing levels of lechery.
The Weasel and the Wizard trailed after us and they and spoke to the King as the guards lifted me up and threw me on the bed. The brief moments where they weren't touching me I switched from wanton lust to despairing rage, the spell momentarily broken.
I spat and fought them as they tried to grab me once more. The moment a hand touched my skin I switched from fierce cornered animal to horny slut. I reached for and grabbed one man's crotch while the other secured one hand. I tried to wrap my legs around the man I had a hold of which allowed me to lewdly display my naked sex to the cameras.
The guard I was groping took control of my hand denying me the joy of feeling his bulge and I whimpered my disapproval. My other hand was now tied to the bed. Without much trouble the guard I was wrapping my legs around tied my second hand to the bed and they both proceeded to grab my ankles and open my legs wide.
The camera on the crane was up high shooting down toward me as my body was tied spread-eagle across the massive bed. My tiny body didn't reach any of the posts the bed was so large. When the men finished binding me they stepped away and the raging Princess spewed her hate at them.
I wept with the Princess' utter mortification at being so helplessly exposed.
The five of them gazed down at my wriggling struggle as I tested my bonds hoping for a chance to escape. The King laughed and reached out his big right hands and pressed his warm palm to my thigh. Instantly the hissing spitting warrior woman transformed into the mewling slut in heat. I thrust my hips up at him trying to get him to touch my throbbing pussy.
Instead he lifted his hand ending the lust and I wailed in humiliated frustration.
"Wizard I require a spell."
"Anything Highness."
"Can you make an image of these events and then show it to someone at a later date?"
"Anything I see I can then create an illusion of later, yes."
"Excellent. Stay, bear witness to the consummation of my marriage to the Princess of the realm. I will require that all lawmakers and nobility of the kingdom see what transpires here tonight. And it is most important that they perceive just how delighted the young woman is to be in my bed."
"Your wish is my command, your Highness."
The Wizard performed an arcane ritual as the King caressed my leg idly driving me mad with desire.
The two guards stood near the head of the bed gazing at my nudity as I writhed in overwrought sexual torment.
It was delightful.
"And cut!" The director called.
"Reset, back to ones!" The First Ad shouted and the guards untied me, their eyes trying not to stare at my nudity but unable to stop.
We did that exact same scene five times but each times the King's touch grew more brazen. By the third take he was groping my breasts and then dancing fingers fell right onto my pussy the forth take.
Just like the day before he didn't actually put a finger inside me but merely cupped my sex with his hand to make it look like he was. I thrust my hips up at him desperate to get a finger on my burning clit but he managed to maintain contact with my pubic mound without touching my vulva at all. It was terrible.
The guards were behaving themselves even if the King wasn't but when we walked to our starting point ready to make our entrance for the fifth time I whispered to them.
"Hey guys, go ahead and take advantage of the Princess on this take. You can put your hands anywhere you want if you think the King wouldn't catch you."
They looked at me and then glanced at each other.
The King reminded them in his deep voice "The King usually gives his women to his favourite guards after he is finished with them..."
I grinned the Princess' wicked grin at them. "There, you see."
This time as the men dragged me into the room I struggled more to kiss and lick them, to rub my body on them in ways to inflame them. I was shameless in my need for sexual contact and the men both allowed their hands to roam over my flesh and grope me inappropriately.
It took slightly longer to get me onto the bed as the men indulged themselves. Then as they put me on the bed I didn't struggle at all but rather attempted to seduce them with pathetic kisses and animal rubbing.
While they were distracted by tying my hands I managed to squirm around so that my bare sex was in fact pressing against something that felt an awful lot like an erection inside the one mans costume.
The other guard held me down, using both hands to press me to the bed. One hand 'accidentally' landed right on my breast and he coped a feel as the held me immobile so his partner could unwrap my legs from his waist.
I whimpered my disappointment as my sex disengaged from the rigid something in his pants. Using my leg to caress his arms as he tried to tie my ankles to the bed I also arched my back and lifted my breast to the hand cupping it. Fingers caressed the soft flesh of my chest and I moaned gratefully.
But then I was fully bound and the men stepped away allowing the King to observe my naked helplessness.
"Wizard I require a spell." The King rumbled as his hands explored my entire chest just as he had yesterday. My body trembled with growing passion as he explored my skin.
"Anything Highness."
"Can you make an image of these events and then show it to someone at a later date?"
The King's big hand roamed down my belly and I lifted my hips encouraging him to delve lower.
"Anything I see I can then create an illusion of later, yes."
"Excellent. Stay, bear witness to the consummation of my marriage to the Princess of the realm." His thick fingers caressed lower and began to play with my pubic hair. My body flushed, I felt sweat appear on my skin and warmth spreading from my thrumming sex. "I will require that all lawmakers and nobility of the kingdom see what transpires here tonight. And it is most important that they perceive just how delighted the young woman is to be in my bed."
Then the King lowered his fingers even more and without any hesitation slipped one single finger between the thick outer lips of my vulva. I gasped delightedly as his finger ran down and then back up the groove of my sex. At last I felt the glorious pressure of a finger touching my burning clit.
"Your wish is my command, your Highness." The wizard said, his voice weaker and I saw him staring stunned between my legs as the King rubbed my soaking wet pussy.
"Cut!"
I was so disappointed when the King's big finger stopped stroking my burning slit.
There was a brief conversation over in video village as the Director, director of Photography and the first Assistant director consulted on whether they needed another take or not.
My friends untied me and I sat up on the bed hugging my knees, trembling with balked desire. That finger had felt fantastic. I tried not to look at the King and failed. He was watching me, probably looking for signs that I was angry but I flashed him a wicked grin and blushed as he intuited how much I had enjoyed that.
"Moving on!" The First AD called and the crew began to dismantle the crane, move the camera on sticks closer and adjust lights.
My robe appeared in the hands of a costume assistant and I hopped off the bed to be wrapped in fluffy warmth.
"First team back in twenty!"
I went back to my dressing room to wait to be called back to set in twenty minutes.
Instead of stopping at my door however I walked to the actor playing the King's door.
He answered and looked embarrassed when he saw me standing there.
"Can I come in?" I asked.
He stepped aside and I entered his bigger, nicely appointed dressing room.
Stopping in the middle of the room I turned to look at him standing by the now closed door.
Aware that we had never been alone in a room together before I felt that he was standing far closer than he actually was. Every time we had run lines together for a scene in one dressing room or another there had always been one of our assistants or another actor there. Given the fact that he was so much older we had never had reason to hang out alone.
Until today.
I reached for his hand and he automatically gave it to me. I pulled him closer and lifted his hand to my face. I sniffed along the finger he had been rubbing me with and smelled the sleight musk of my sex still there on his flesh.
I watched his eyes as I smelled myself on him, he watched me back, neither of us giving anything away. Passing his hand back to him I allowed him to smell me on his finger and he took a deep sniff.
Still silently I then guided his hand beneath my robe to my bare sex and placed his big hand on my slippery groove. Immediately his fingers began to stroke and tease me. I had to put my hands on his broad shoulders to steady myself as the man who I had known since I was a child began to finger my pussy deliciously.
The famous lady's man expertly pleasured me and my body hummed pleasantly as he brought me closer and closer to an orgasm. I leaned forward and let my weight fall against him as I shuddered with delight. Those big fingers slipped inside me and I almost fell. The King held me up with his free arm around my waist and he relentlessly titillated my burning sex with the other..
I licked and kissed his neck hungry for more stimulation. He tasted wonderful and my body juddered with increased pleasure.
"Beg me to let you cum." The King murmured, his deep voice vibrating under my slippery tongue as I licked his powerful neck.
The order was softly spoken but it lashed me with blissful abandon, urging me to obey.
I wanted to obey him. He was older, the King, a respected member of my profession, famous and powerfully male.
"Please? Please let me cum for you?"
His fingers thrust deeper and curled up to rub against my pelvis on the inside igniting sensitive tissue I hadn't known was there. I now know the clitoris is much bigger and goes deeper than I knew then so I had no idea what he was touching, just that it felt amazing.
"Please! Please! Please!" I begged frantically my orgasm building powerfully. The more I begged the harder my body wanted to cum.
"You really want to cum?" He teased?
"Yes! Oh please, yes!"
"Do you deserve it?"
I hesitated. Did I?
"You have yet to earn this orgasm, little Princess."
And the King took away his fingers. He lifted them to my nose and made me smell myself on his sticky fingers. My musk was sharp and pungent in my nose and my body clenched in balked passion as the primal smell spiked deep into my libido.
"Clean my fingers, Princess." He ordered and I began to suck two of his fingers like a cock. I licked and suckled and whimpered for more. I worked him hoping to earn my climax but when he felt I had done enough The King stood me on my own feet and stepped away, my body tingling with denied bliss.
The big man stepped back to the door and opened it wide. I had to scramble to cover myself because my robe had fallen open.
"See you on set." He grinned.
Ashamed of myself but also enjoying his game very much I passed by him. At the last moment I reached for him and cupped the erection in his pants allowing my hand to hold him for as long as possible as I left.
Now knowing first-hand that he had very likely actually bedded all of the famous women legend said he had made me want him all the more.
My King.
Returning to the set we shot the scene closer and closer, my body more and more the focus of the camera and the room.
I was absolutely gagging for it after two more takes.
The guards played a bit more the first take but it was acting, not them wanting to touch me because of lust. But in that take the King tormented the lustful Princess with a new, even more confident lust. The King now knew he was going to get to fuck me and he teased me more knowing how badly I wanted him.
As he spoke to the wizard requesting the spell he didn't take his eyes off me. Instead his fingers played me like a musical instrument. The deft touch of an artist of erotic torment his fingers danced over my body bringing my lust and my grief to unbearably heightened states.
The camera recorded my utter delight as he stroked my breasts and lower abdomen grazing my sex deliciously. When he stopped my own anger at being denied release became the Princess fierce hatred of her rapist.
I could hardly walk back to our first positions I was so out of my mind with need. As we waited for the director to say 'action' the King stood close behind me, reached down low under my buttocks and lightly stroked my pussy. I mewled quietly but the guards heard me.
They looked at me and my face was a drugged mask of lust.
"A Princess never lets them see her fear." I grinned her grin and then licked my lips and stood on tip-toe to kiss first one guard on the mouth then the other my mouth caressed theirs as the King stroked feather-light touches over my-nether lips.
It lasted five seconds for each, maybe, and then we heard "Action!" and the men snapped to action, grabbing me while I immediately tried to fuck them both. I licked and groped and fiercely begged them "Please!"
I said 'please' over and over but I was really saying fuck me and now the men knew it and were reluctant to stop me from touching them. I felt hard cocks in their trousers and I stroked them wantonly until they grew embarrassed and made me stop.
The scene took longer than before but it was powerfully intense. I was as far into the Princess' magical lust as I had yet been. If I hadn't gotten such a powerful erotic charge from the cameras and crew I think I might have been able to forget their presence but the exhibitionist in me wanted to know they were there.
When the King groped me I was moaning loudly forgetting about the microphone and the need for the audience to hear his lines. I was frustrated he wasn't putting a finger inside me again. He hardly came close to touching my sex and I did everything I could to get his fingers closer to my aching clit.
My squirming body was the focus of every eye in the building and I needed to give them the gift of witnessing my orgasm but the King denied them all.
Next we did the close ups of me strapped to the bed, long lingering shots of my splayed limbs, my heaving chest and my thrusting hips, flickering candle light on my made-up skin. I struggled against my bonds, my muscles popping.
Then we filmed the guards and I struggling in close up, their hands violating the Princess' royal body. The Princess' animalistic lust was captured in close up as my hands groped their crotches, or my pelvis humped against them.
Then A Camera was reset to the side of the bed facing me in profile. B Camera was going to roam while the King consummated his sham marriage to the rightful Princess of the realm.
The guards stood at the headboard, the Wizard on the far side of the bed from the camera. The Weasel hovered further back but still watching.
"Action!"
The King stripped as the Princess spoke.
"Use your sorcery to make people believe I consent to this farce but in your shrivelled heart you know that I abhor you and that I will hate and despise you for what you are about to do.
If you think that this in any way diminishes me as a person you are wrong. This only shows exactly how pathetic you are."
The King and the Princess made eye contact for a moment and then he smiled.
With the tip of his pinkie finger the King touched the Princess on the tip of her own finger tied to the headboard.
Immediately the Princess begins to writhe in tormented sexual desire.
"Say that again." He demands.
The Princess whimpers,
The King stood naked next to the bed and my eyes were drawn to his semi-hard cock.
I felt jealous because for the moment the audience was going to only have eyes for his thick, heavy cock hanging before me. This was the first time the Actor King had exposed this world famous cock on film. There had been plenty of teasing and some blurry indistinct paparazzi shots but now it was being filmed in high definition just a couple feet from my suddenly saliva-filled mouth.
"Please! Give it to me! Please come to me!" I strained against my bonds and tried to get my mouth around his cock. I came very close and stretched my mouth toward him almost able to reach.
I knew that this image was going to live on the internet forever so I tried to look as cute and appealing as I could looking up to him imploring him to let me suck his beautiful cock.
The King allowed himself to indulge the possibility of letting me suckle him, moving his hips closer teasing me with the potential but instead he climbed onto the bed, the movement bringing his cock even closer and I thought I could feel the heat of his skin near my outstretched tongue but I missed.
Inside I thrilled at the thought of that image his cock so close to my lewdly reaching tongue living forever on the internet.
Then he lay atop me and I squirmed to try and get my legs around his hips and aim my aching sex at his cock.
I was euphoric about the cameras seeing all this. I knew that A Camera was going to see my body in full profile and B camera was roaming somewhere finding the best view of our bodies but I only had eyes for the King's cock dangling between my legs as he manoeuvred over me to simulate entering me. I was tied down so I could only thrust my hips but I managed to brush my steaming slit against this heavy knob and I hissed with keen pleasure as my hungry sex felt his.
The King proceeded to simulate having sex with me. He lay his mostly flaccid member across my belly as we had discussed in rehearsals, then as I opened myself to him he thrust down into me and we pretended to fuck while the cameras recorded it.
Strong hands caressed my body as his powerful frame undulated above me. I panted and gasped as The Princess strained to take as much of him inside as she could but in reality I was trying to press my sex against him while he maintained contact, his penis resting on my belly not against my desperate clit.
"Cut!
Immediately the King rolled off of me and began to dress his cock still flaccid but a tension in his movement hinted that he was not unaffected by our intimacy.
"Back to ones!"
On this take I didn't lunge quite so far toward the King so when the King tried to tease me with his cock near my face he had to lift a leg onto the bed to approach. He chose his right leg which covered his cock to the cameras. I had hoped he would.
He was now close enough that I was able to wrap my lips around the tip of his manhood. He flinched but didn't retreat. For a few seconds he allowed me to suckle just the tip of his penis. I loved the warm feel of him in the grasp of my lips and my wet tongue caressed his knob relishing the taste of him.
The Guard on that side of the bed and the Weasel both had a clear view of my mouth on him and I felt a joyful thrill of debauchery knowing I was being witnessed behaving like a total slut. I felt a twitch shudder through the King and he pulled his cock from my mouth and got on top of me, his still semi-flaccid cock swinging above me.
We pretended to fuck once more and I mewled my frustration at not having him inside me. It was the wrong sound so I forced myself to sound anguished, mingling lust and sadness into my noises.
Once again the King's big hands groped my small body and my skin delighted in his touch.
"Cut"
"Ok, pushing in for inserts."
A cameras was brought closer, B camera still roving hand-held. Both operators filmed close-up shots of our naked bodies as we ground against each other and fucked for them. I grew wetter and hornier as the close-up forced the King to press down on me harder to avoid having his penis visible on my belly, not inside me.
"Could you tuck under for these shots, we can see your Royal sceptre." The D.O.P. said.
The King tucked his cock down and immediately his shaft parted my slippery lips and my clit pressed against his shaft under its little hood.
My body twitched then I went still, electrified by the intimate sensation.
Both cameras filmed the area where our two tightly toned belles merged. We thrust against each other slowly and passionately, his cock now wedged along my slit driving me wild with lust. They filmed my breasts as his hands groping them. Then our faces as we made masks of desire, anguish, pain and pleasure while glaring deeply into each others eyes. The King's hardening cock thickened and grew firmer for me to grind my clit against and the two of us joined with our eyes, our genitals rubbing deliciously together in front of dozens of co-workers..
In his eyes I saw him struggle to not get hard. He didn't want to have an erection on set in front of all those people I could see it. When the cameras were aimed elsewhere he was begging me to stop making this feel so good.
I don't know what he saw in my eyes but I was trying to tell him I was sorry but helpless to stop. It felt so good to have my hungry pussy rubbing him.
"Cut!"
We both sighed but for different reasons.
Trying to be as cool and professional as he could the King rolled off of me exposing my soaking wet slit to everyone as he covered himself casually his cock still not completely hard.
"Thank you first team, you are wrapped for the day."
The six of us started to move back to our dressing rooms. The stunt actors had a different area they dressed in and The Wizard didn't actually have a permanent dressing room, he didn't work often enough so in a moment we had to part ways but I was reluctant.
"That was a hell of a day. I could use a drink!" I stated, trying to be one of the guys.
On days when the stunties and I did big physical scenes we often would have some scotch in their area of the studio. Someone would usually say that line and we would all go unwind and relax while talking about the day.
"Lets do it! Boys?" Guard 1 looked at the other actors. The King had joined us before but never the Wizard or the Weasel. Today they did.
Only wearing my robe and slippers I lounged on a discarded throne from two seasons ago the stunties had acquired. The Stunt team had a walled off area in a corner of the big warehouse that made up the soundstage. They had filled it with gym padding everywhere and various tools of the trade they needed to rehearse stunts and keep in shape.
I had spent a lot of time here working and a slightly less socializing. They had only let me join for 'drinks' two years ago, and only let me actually drink last year. Generally I was a kid sister to them, they would tease me but never flirt the way they would with the other actresses that came around for drinks.
That night things were different.
For the first time they treated me the same way they treated women that came around. They were all flirting with me and making me the centre of attention.
Tonight I was a woman and they wanted to fuck me.
They got me drunk and I let them. I flirted back and teased in kind. Periodically my robe fell open and flashed them while we drank and talked. I was slow to notice quite on purpose, thrilled when I saw them taking peeks at my breasts or my bare sex.
After an hour or so my assistant came by and found me.
"I'm going home, do you need anything?"
"No thanks. Who's still here?"
"They have finished on this stage, everyone went outside for second unit coverage."
"Ok. See you Tuesday."
"Bye guys."
Everyone waved and we felt the immense silence of a huge building with almost no-one in it.
I sipped my third, or forth scotch.
At some point the actor playing the Wizard left and it was sort of awkward after he did so; the energy in the room was shifting. It was pretty obvious that I was open to sleeping with someone but the men were rather confused about who I favoured.
The thing is I had no idea myself.
The Weasel had brought me to orgasm in my dressing room and I really wanted to return the favour. The King was the man I was most powerfully attracted too but sleeping with him seemed the most fraught somehow. Either of the two guards would have been great fun and I had often fantasized about both of them but I was in no mood to pick.
I wanted them all.
"I have an idea! Follow me!"
I hopped off the throne and stumbled a little from the drink. The King and Guard One both steadied me, the King with a hand on my back the Guard by taking hold of one of my arms. As I balanced myself I found the Guard's hand and held it in mine while slipping an arm around the King's waist. The Guard squeezed my hand back and we held on like lovers while the King snuggled against my other side and reached a big arm around my shoulders as I wrapped around his waist.
"Let's go to the set!" And I started walking dragging two men physically and two more with curiosity.
The huge dark building had few lights left on and we giggled and whispered through the cavernous space behaving like naughty children up too late.
Each of us had been in here late many times before but this time we were furtive and stealthy, each silently conspiring together to avoid having to explain what we were doing to anyone else. Sex was in the air and no-one wanted to tear the fragile possibilities that night was offering.
When we reached the King's bedchamber the stage was empty and dimly lit from distant work lights.
There were dozens of candled however.
Guard Two had a lighter and a joint. He lit the joint, took a hoot and passed it to Guard One, then proceeded to light candles.
Each of us took a hit off the joint, something I had only done a few times before. Enough times to know I liked it but needed to inhale lightly. The candles began to flicker on the walls and remind me of what had happened here earlier. My body began to grow warm and light from the pot and the lust that were suffusing my body.
As each man took a hit of the joint they grew silent and I felt the attention on me as they each remembered what had gone on here as well.
Relishing their gazes and the feeling of booze and weed I moved toward the huge bed and I let the robe fall from my body. I paused to kick off my slippers and then I crawled up onto the bed my ass high and my sex peeking out at them as I moved. When i reached the middle of the bed I stretched out into the same position I had been tied in earlier.
I reached for the ropes still dangling from the bed posts and I slipped my wrists through.
The Guards joined me and they both helped tied my ankles as they understood that I wanted to recreate the scene from earlier but for real. As they tied me they once again explored my body with their hands. Gently at first they both stroked my skin as if making certain I was serious. When I didn't protest they both grew bolder and hands began to fondle and grope me in earnest. Even the most bold risks we had taken during filming hadn't been as wonderful as feeling two men touch me with uninhibited arousal.
I panted and whimpered as I was being groped. At last my need to be touched and caressed was being fulfilled.
Wriggling in my bonds I was deliriously happy as fingers delved into my soaking pussy making my body jump with passion. My nipples were pinched, pulled and then suckled making me moan delightedly. For two days I had waned this. Hours of balked lust was finally being unleashed and I felt an orgasm roaring to life from the bottom of my feet to the top of my scalp. My body tingled and strained toward total release.
Fingers rubbed my burning clit and drove in and out of my clenching core while my breasts were both ravished by mouth and hand. One of them kissed me and my brain ignited with electric fire.
My orgasm was wracking physical torment and rapturous bliss wrapped in the sordid knowledge of how inappropriate all this was.
Guard One was kissing me, both nipples were being suckled and then Guard One's fingers left my pussy but before I could protest or my orgasm abate a mouth was licking my clit. I would have screamed if a tongue wasn't exploring my mouth. I shuddered from head to toe as my body tried and failed to comprehend all the ways it felt good.
For a brief eternity all I knew was the insistent licking of mouths on my body and hands holding me, groping me and kneading my flesh. I had never known a body could feel that good. It was almost impossible to breathe I was climaxing so hard. I felt like I was suffocating but the pleasure was so vast, so complete that I didn't care if I lived or died.
Then the man kissing me retreated for a moment and I was able to take deep, hoarse breaths even as the pleasurable assault continued. In the brief pockets of time when my body wasn't in the throws of orgasm I was able to see that Guard Two and The Weasel were were groping and suckling my breasts while the King devoured my pussy wonderfully.
I couldn't believe it was my body being worshipped so enthusiastically and by men who had known me so long. It was a sordid incitement to my lust that these men had never thought of me a sexual being before now. We were all discovering who I was as a sexual being together.
The slippery, invasive wriggle of the King's tongue on my most intimate place was a squirmy, sordid feeling that revealed a debauched part of myself that delighted in being depraved. I had never known I could feel so good by being so slutty. I thought it would make me ashamed but I felt empowered.
As I was indulging in my shamelessness I realized the Weasel and Guard One had stepped away and stripped. Now they too were naked, hard cocks thrusting out from firm, flat bellies. Climbing back onto the bed the Weasel knelt over my head facing my feet. Inching forward he brought his erection right over my face his testicles brushing my forehead.
The Weasel began to press his knob past my lips feeding me his manhood. Craning my neck I positioned my head so I could accept the tip of his cock into my mouth. Reaching for him with my tongue I pulled his cock in and began to accept the hot manhood as far into my face as I could, my view covered by his balls.
Another orgasm was wrung from me as my mouth was wonderfully filled. I began to indulge my basest desires by suckling the hard cock in my mouth. As my drool coated him and the hot throbbing prick grew slippery I explored him with my greedy tongue thrilled to do to his knob what the King was doing to my pussy.
As I was filled with the bliss of yet another climax I slobbered over the delicious penis in my mouth.
Something about having my mouth full of hard manhood made my climax so much sweeter. The sordid press of his balls onto my skin as he moved in and out of my suckling mouth added to the thrill.
Then I felt another erection, this one pressed to my palm. My hand was tied to the bed but I was able to wrap my fingers most of the way around the offered shaft and start stroking up and down. Enjoying the way the silky smooth skin moved over the underlying hardness I was thrilled to pleasure two cocks at once like the little slut I was fast becoming.
Trying to focus on sucking the Weasel's cock while stroking the Guard was like rubbing my belly and patting my head at the same time but I had been trained in martial arts and dance, I was used to doing different things with my limbs at different times.
What made it more difficult was the attention the rest of my body was getting.
I decided to focus on sucking cock and let the others use my body as they saw fit.
I opened my mouth wide using my tongue to caress the thick pole moving steadily in and out of my face. The hot smoothness slipping across my lips and tongue felt wonderful. The spongy knob bumped the roof of my mouth and the back of my throat and I loved the way I felt so full of him.
As the wonderful moments of my defilement continued the men took turns shifted around, removing their clothes and rejoining the group.
The Guards both ended up with their cocks in my two hands. The Weasel shuffled around, never taking his cock from my mouth completely and eventually he was facing the head of the bed fucking my face from above.
The King also stripped and he climbed between my legs. At first I felt him shifting my hips and spreading my legs as wide as they would go. I was suckling the Weasel's balls at that moment, I remember when I was distracted by my pussy being stretched open. Abruptly aware that I was being fucked I held still as the King filled my creaming cunt with his huge cock.
Even as I registered how amazing it felt my body clenched in the most powerful climax yet.
That's when things start getting really fuzzy in my mind.
I was cumming so hard I went way inside. My pussy was stretched wider and then deeper than ever in my life. When the King began to thrust in and out I was lost in a limbo of pleasure and overwhelming sensation.
As I climaxed the men continued to use my body, prolonging my delirium.
I wish I could have been more aware of everything but it was such a blur of pleasure that I could hardly say in what order things happened. I was awash in sensations and at any given moment my attention would be pulled to a man repositioning himself or me. Suddenly I would realize that I was forgetting to stroke this cock or that I was just laying with my mouth open not licking the Weasel. When I noticed I would immediately begin sucking or stroking whichever lovely erection needed my attention but in a moment I would forget to spread my legs and the King would have to spread me wider to shove himself deeper and I would forget to stroke the other cock as my body detonated in another astonishing orgasm.
When my climaxes robbed me of my faculties I would forget to do anything other than cum but the men would simply use me while I drifted off into a blissful stupor.
It may have been two minutes or twenty but I loved every second of it as the men took their pleasure from my willing but debilitated body. What brought me out of my trance-like fugue was the Weasel. With his knob still in my mouth my feeble licks wet and distracted he began to stroke himself. Faster and faster he masturbated into my mouth and I realized he was about to cum.
Eager to taste his sperm, excited to be gifted his seed as reward for my slutty behaviour I gathered my tattered consciousness and began to suck his cock in earnest. Reaching my tongue far up his shaft I took him as deep as he wanted and he fucked my mouth bumping my throat making me gag a little.
His hand lightly brushed my lips as he jerked himself and I felt his knob swell up in my mouth.
Even as the King continued fucking my thrumming slit and the others used my hands to stroke their thick cocks I opened my mouth wide waiting for the hot splash of spunk. All my focus was fully on what was happening in my mouth even as my body was still used by three others.
When it came the eruption was powerful. The first gout of spunk landed on my tongue and filled my mouth with the powerful flavour of sperm.
Heat, wetness and the stringent chemical taste of cum filled my awareness and I used my restless, wriggling tongue to smear the viscous fluid all over the still exploding cock in my oral grip. The more cum filled my mouth the more of a thrill I got coating his thrusting penis with it. The sticky goo felt delightful on the velvety flesh invading my mouth.
Eventually I swallowed all of it and the warmth spread down my throat, an obscene ooze nastily sliding down into me. As utterly gratified as I was by my reward I was also disconcerted by how much I liked it.
The Weasel slumped off of me and the Guard on my left immediately replaced him. Taking another cock in my mouth felt wonderful and I got a delicious thrill from spreading the remaining cum in my mouth over the new cock I was getting to suck.
With one less cock to focus on I was better able to please the ones in my hand and mouth now. The King fucked my pussy with long, deep strokes that I loved but I didn't need to do anything there except keep my legs spread wide so he could more easily fill me all the way up.
The taste of cum in my mouth inspired me to get more. I wanted to eat all their cum. I slurped on the cock in my mouth with determination, greedy for more of that hot, wet spunk.
Following every clue Guard Two gave me I licked harder or opened wide so he could go deep as he fucked my mouth. Or I suckled his balls when he pulled out and placed them on my face.
Remembering filming on this bed earlier today and having all those eyes on me as these men touched my body and fondled me enhanced my passion. Only a couple hours later while some of our crew were still working someplace else on the lot those same men, my longtime co-workers were not simply fondling me or pretending to rape the Princess they were actually fucking me.
It felt profoundly sexy to realize these men no longer viewed me as a child but that they acknowledged and confirmed my full womanhood. The power of my sexual appeal overrode taboo and they needed to have me.
It was insane and profoundly erotic.
I began to climax yet again, a deeper more emotional orgasm. The memory of today gave the wonderful treatment I was receiving a keener euphoria. My mouth went slack as my pussy clenched around the King's wonderful cock. The Guard fucking my mouth fell out and proceeded to rub his wet member over my face as I wailed in silent delight.
I loved having my body used so lewdly while my lust exploded into ecstasy.
For a long while I was lost to the world as my body perceived only touch. It was wonderful but disorienting. The power of that orgasm made me lose time.
When I gathered my scrambled brains back into a shape close to normal I had time to catch a few deep breaths before Guard Two filled my mouth with his cock again.
Almost immediately he began to cum filling my eager mouth with his hot spunk. I kept it all in my mouth swallowing nothing until he was finished, using the warm, sticky mess to bath his magnificent penis with his own delicious sperm.
When his climax ended I let his load slide obscenely down my throat titillated by the feel of it. Then I licked and sucked his cock until the taste of his cum was faint. It had tasted wonderful and when he pulled his cock from my mouth I missed the taste of sperm.
Luckily I didn't have to wait long for more. The King pulled out of my throbbing pussy and scrambled up the bed to shove his cock in my happy mouth. The taste of my own cum filled my mouth and I was pleasantly surprised by the musky flavour.
I didn't get long to savour it before the King, a man more than twice my age, a respected actor and one of my personal mentors filled my slutty mouth with the third load of jism of the night.
It was delectable.
Once the King crawled off me, his big schlong sliding across my face as he withdrew there was a brief pause. The last guard pulled away from my hand and I lay panting on the bed as they gazed at me spread before them.
"I want her on all fours." He said.
A thrill went through me at his words.
Guard One immediately undid my wrist from the binding.
In moments I was in position with my mouth gratifyingly full of Guard One's lovely prick, greedily suckling him for the last load of sperm I needed to have tasted them all. Behind me The Weasel pressed himself between my buttocks and not unlike he had on set yesterday he entered me from behind.
My pussy was overjoyed to be filled once again and I loved the slippery slide and new angle of him moving in and out while I devoured Guard One's cock. The men fell into a rhythm of both thrusting into me at the same time and I couldn't help but moan as I was stuffed at both ends. My body thrummed with bliss and I trembled dancing back and forth over the line of orgasm and simple delight.
Something magical was happening that night because the King began to flog me on the chest with the lash from the scene. It should have been put away in the props department but here it was delightfully stinging my fevered skin.
I loved how if felt to be whipped as I was being fucked. Somehow the minor pain only heightened the pleasure. Once more my body began to convulse with orgasmic spasms. Alternating between lashing my back and my front the King drove me to the point of ecstasy as the two men fucked my brains out. I was delirious from so many sensations. I had become a deranged slut grunting like an animal in heat.
Finally Guard One emptied his balls onto my tongue, filling my mouth with the load of cum I had been working for. Each of them had filed my mouth with their jism and I felt a sense of accomplishment as I swallowed, proud of myself, satisfied with the warm slosh of scotch and sperm in my belly.
As the Guard withdrew from my mouth, my tongue still trying to please him the Weasel hammered himself into my slit detonating waves of aching pleasure. As I climaxed I thought about every erotic thing I had done or had done to me over the last two days. My body convulsed with spasms of pure ecstasy thinking about what a total slut I had become.
In my mind I saw the entire crew and production team standing on the set right now watching me moan and blubber as the Weasel's cock pummelled me into rapturous delirium while the King flogged my bare back heightening my delight. In my imagination all the cameras and lights were on and I was being applauded by everyone I had every known as I ascended to higher plane of sexual existence.
Bliss can only last so long however and I chaotically returned to reality as the Weasel pulled out of my exploding core and crawled around to my face. I was prostrate on the bed, ass up face down like everyone jokes about.
The King ceased his whipping as the Weasel lifted my head by my hair and shoved his cock into my slack mouth. I was disoriented and automatically sucked him, lashing him with my tongue even as I tried to use my feeble arms to hold me up. Leaning heavily on the Weasel I slurped on him taking him deep as he drove himself down my throat.
I choked unexpectedly and spat him out. As I caught my breath the Weasel jacked off over my face and When I recovered I extended my tongue out to show him he could fuck my face again. Instead he jetted his sperm right onto my outstretched tongue. Long ropes of spunk drizzled out of his cock and trailed silver streamers from his knob to my outstretched organ.
Too tired to move I let him spatter his sperm over my tongue and lower face, not caring how much of a deranged cum slut I appeared. I loved the feel of his hot load on my skin and I wished he had more but he had already cum once and soon his climax ended.
I slurped him into my mouth to be sure I had all of his delicious seed but he soon pulled away. I flopped over onto my back and rubbed his cum around on my face distractedly enjoying the sticky mess.
Squirming around, relishing the attention of the men resting all over the huge bed, I took in the amazing display of athletic, muscular men arrayed before me. I had fucked them all and made them cum but I wanted more. I felt insatiable, my body throbbing for stimulation and eager to please.
Spreading my thighs wide I fingered myself and whimpered.
"Somebody fuck me. Please? Or let me suck you. I'm still so horny."
Guard Two rose to the challenge and positioned himself between my legs. I wriggled excitedly grinning up at him with the Princess' wicked grin. I was being a brat and loved getting my way.
Sighing happily as I was filled by his beautiful cock I felt a vulgar glee as my muscular friend filled me with his hardness. Holding himself above me he gazed down at me while he thrust slowly in and out of my tingling slit. It was a little bit like lovemaking and I found it disturbingly intimate. Being face to face like lovers was askew somehow. I didn't want lovers I needed to be used like the dirty slut I wanted to be.
The way Guard Two was sliding in and out felt wonderful physically so I didn't immediately ask him to stop but looking at his familiar face and the kindness in his eyes felt wrong. I wanted him to look at me like an object of desire not as the kid who used to chase him around the set needy for attention. I'd seen him look at me affectionately like that before but that night I wanted to see unbridled lust in all their eyes.
"Whose cock do I have to suck to suck a cock around here?" I quipped.
The guys chuckled sleepily but the King roused himself grinning, scrambled over to me and squatted over my head. Dangling his limp cock over my face he adjusted his position dragging his soft male flesh over my face until his balls rested on my nose and his weighty member draped across my forehead
"Lick my balls."
Obeying eagerly I suckled and licked them happily while my slippery pussy was filled over and over by my other partner. Relieved to once again be indulging my most sordid impulses I licked and sucked and moaned as I was exquisitely fucked.
Knowing the other two were watching and hoping they would join at some point I put on a show. Spreading my legs wide around Guard Twos hips I humped my hips up to meet his thrusts engaging my core and flexing my abs taut. Using both hands to pry open The king's buttocks I began to lick his anus which was smooth and waxed bare.
The King was perfectly groomed from head to toe so it was no surprise to me to find his asshole smooth. I enjoyed the feel of his puckered little anus under my tongue and the briefest hint of sweat and salt left a tang on my tongue that made my mouth water to wash it away.
Instead I used my copious drool to bath his entire ass, taint and balls. I licked him wetly letting my own saliva smear all over my face and his crotch. I made a mess like the sleazy, cum-drunk slut I was. Every debauched act pushed me further from the girl-next-door proper lady I had been only two days before. Diving head-long into depravity I felt a thrill along my nerves as I discovered just how much I delighted in being a dirty little slut.
My attention aroused the King and his cock stiffened over my face. Letting my mouth wander I bathed his groin working my lips and tongue over him from anus to knob, spit coating his genitals and my whole face.
The whole time I humped my hips up at Guard Two helping him drive his cock as far inside as possible. Each time he wedged all the way inside me I grunted as a pulse of pleasure radiated out from my stuffed little cunny.
Soon an orgasm began to build starting with a muscle twitch in the arch of my left foot then my whole nervous system began to short-circuit and I lost the ability to participate in my defilement. Lolling my tongue out I allowed the King to smear his wet member all over my face using my features as a masturbatory aid.
My pussy clamped down on Guard Two and he worked harder to continue fucking me making me cum even harder.
Breathless I clenched every muscle as I struggled not to scream. My pussy felt so hot and wet and full that I whined in a long keening note, overcome with pleasure. Feeling the King's cock insistently rubbing across my mouth smearing slobber over me added a sordid satisfaction to my climax.
When I could breath again the King eased his big dick into my panting mouth and I suckled him greedily still overwrought with a burning need for more sensation. For several delectable moments I sucked the King's glorious cock running my sensitive tongue all over his warm flesh. My squishy pussy quivered continuously on the brink of climax as Guard Two's prick slid in and out, over and over and he groped my thighs with possessive hands.
Knowing my every lecherous act was being watched by two other men added keen gratification to the debauched situation I was in. Lewdly moaning my animal lust around the King's slobber coated flesh I was thrilled to be a filthy little whore for the first time in my life.
I lost count of how many times I came as the two of them filled me at both ends. I was adrift on a cloud of endorphins floating away on dopamine when the King began to cum. Grunting a warning he roused me from my hypnotic state of sucking and fucking.
Reaching my hands up around his trunk I caressed his sides and chest as he began to pump his shaft with his hand and spill his sperm into my hungry mouth.
Once again my body exploded in astonishing pleasure as the taste and feel of sperm filled my mouth with its liquid perversion. The sensation of jism, its viscous heat oozing over my tongue thrilled me with licentious delight. As Guard Two rubbed my burning clit and fucked me silly my mouth filled with the vulgar reward for my degenerate efforts.
The mouth watering splashes of cum ran out and without swallowing I filled my mouth with him and the copious saliva gathering. Sloshing warm fluid over his hard-on I fucked my face with his manhood delighting in the taste of him filling my mouth.
Then at last I swallowed big gulps of cum and spit eventually letting him pull out of my mouth as I gasped fresh air and savoured the taste of his spunk.
When the King moved away I looked at Guard Two and begged him to cum.
"Give me your load. Right in my mouth. I want to taste you. I want it so bad, please, please, please!"
I had never been so vulnerable and so shameless before. Not caring what he thought of me I begged him to let me taste his jism again. I was wild and had an abject carnal need to fill my mouth with more and more sperm.
Before long I got what I wanted. Pulling out he straddled my head and pumped his fist over his length until he erupted his glorious load into my greedy mouth. Slurping and wriggling my tongue over him I once more let my mouth fill with sperm and spit coating him and giving him a sloppy wet blowjob until he could take no more. Swallowing as he pulled out I dripped a little cum from my mouth but managed to drink the rest happily filling my belly with mouthfuls of sperm.
Guard One Crawled off the bed and pulled my limp body to the edge of the giant mattress. Positioning me on my back with my legs over his hips he proceeded to drive himself into my squishy pussy hypnotically fucking me like a man on a mission.
"Yes. Yessss." I hissed, tingling and burning for more stimulation.
For several delirious moments I lay languid and feeble recovering as Guard One used me for his own pleasure. Still hovering on the verge of orgasmic release I savoured the taste of sperm in my mouth and the feeling of hard cock sliding in and out of my aching pussy.
Then the King moved close and dragged the dangling tassels of the flogger over my chest making me shiver with fear and gleeful anticipation. I made eye contact with him and nodded mustering the Princess' wicked smile.
Never let them see your fear.
The first kiss of leather was gentle but I still flinched. Rolling his wrist the King began to lash my breasts and belly with the whip while Guard One began to fuck me harder. The King timed his strikes with Guard One's thrusts and I was dealt stinging pleasure to my chest while I received pounding delight in my thrumming pussy.
Soon I was wailing from a ravishing climax, the flogging growing more intense and the slamming cock wedging deeper and harder into my clenching core. Warm heat spread across my chest the keen lash of leather across my tender boobies driving my orgasm to deeper, darker places.
The Weasel came over and took hold of my arms and knelt over me, holding me, dangling his limp cock onto my face. Pulling my arms up over my head to secure me he wiggled his hips dragging his flaccid member across my features. Humiliated by the intense pleasure his teasing gave me I mewled with depraved bliss.
Stretched long across the bed I was displayed fully for the King to abuse with his flog while Guard One pummelled me with his wonderful manhood. Delighted to be used so aggressively, my body tormented by pleasure and pain I squirmed with ecstasy. Mortified by how good it felt to be defiled so I climaxed and trembled with sordid rapture.
The focused erotic attention of these men I admired and found attractive gratified my need to be desired. Their eager willingness to indulge my defilement made it more intense. The obvious lust they felt for me now overrode memories of the years where they hadn't even noticed I was a sexual being. They used me like a sex toy and I loved being their little slut.
Moaning and cumming I twitched on the bed as I was delightfully used and abused. Wishing this was being filmed I imagined the whole crew watching this instead of just Guard Two sitting on the bed. Easily recalling the thrill I got filming my ravishment earlier that day I came and came while my friends indulged my perversion.
"I'm going to cum."Guard One grunted and I once again begged to taste it.
"Give it to me. Cum in my mouth. Please let me taste it!"
"On your knees slut." The King ordered and I slid off the bed with a thrill at his order. I began to suckle Guard One's knob as he stroked himself to climax. My chest burned from the flogging and now that it was over the pain really began. Still my fingers pulled on my sore nipples as my mouth was filled with cock, I loved the tingling pain stabbing along my nerves while my mouth was full of manhood.
The King knelt beside me and began to shove his fingers deep into my cunt and rub my clit inside. The Weasel dropped down onto the other side and rubbed his hands all over my red, welted chest. Lovely jolts of pain shot along my nerves mingling with the delight I felt from having warm hands caressing my skin.
My brain ignited with crossed wired and mixed signals. Physically I was overwhelmed from hands and cocks while emotionally I was flooded with love and gratitude for the vast pleasure being bestowed upon me.
Then my mouth was full of hot thick sperm and I lost myself in a wave of such pure delight that I almost lost consciousness. Cum spilled from my mouth as more and more jetted in and I moaned around the pulsating knob. My body trembled and quaked from the hands wringing ecstasy from my overwrought nerves.
Slack jawed from too much stimulation I drooled sperm down my front and the Weasel pulled away. The King slowed and stopped grinding his fingertips over my g-spot and Guard One pulled his cock from my loose lips. I slumped to the side but the King caught me. The men lifted me onto the bed and I was only dimly aware of the movement. My body was far away and foreign to me as I was swimming in a pool of blissful lassitude.
The four of them stroked me and murmured sweet things to me as I slowly regained a semblance of sobriety. I was more drunk off cum than I had ever been from booze. Soon enough I was able to sit up on my own and weakly assure than that I was alright.
I wasn't alright at all. I was unsteady, woozy and my brain was utter mush. My legs were limp and my arms useless but I had never been happier
I was an official slut and I couldn't have been more proud.
Well... maybe if I win a BAFTA for that scene.
My first sex scene.