Wednesday Morning came way too early, we decided to do a beach dive today, I helped get everything ready. All we had to do was to walk across the street, down the beach and into the ocean to start our dive. After he had everything hooked up and was ready to dive, I told my husband, "I will be ready in just a minute let me go and change out of the tee shirt and into a little bikini."
He told me to wear what I had on, it was a man's white tank top tee shirt, the kind girls cut up and wear for wet "T" shirt contests.
Giggling, I quickly agreed knowing I would draw a little bit of attention after the dive, maybe a bit before.
He told me to grab the towels, water bottles and small stuff we could leave on the beach, he would make two trips with the tanks and BC's. We were off, as we crossed the street, I stepped in front of him because it felt like my butt was peek out the bottom of the tee shirt and asked, "Can you see my ass when I walk?"
He said, "A little, but no more than if you had a thong on".
We got on the beach, and I spread out our towels and water bottles on the sand while he ran back to get my BC. I made a point of bending over and showing off to the gay guys next to us. While I waited, I walked over asking them if they would mind keeping an eye on our stuff while we did our dive, knowing with them looking up at me, they were well aware of my lack of any swim wear under my tank top.
One of them, smiling up at me said, "I would be happy too, enjoy your dive!"
I smiled back knowing what he was looking at.
When my husband got back, he helped me into my BC and weight belt. I grabbed my fins and mask then headed to the water. As soon as I got wet it was clear to anyone watching that the tee shirt was all I had on as it clung to my body like a second skin, as the small waves washed in and out, covering then revealing my ass as I continued farther off the beach into the gradually deeper water.
My husband caught up to me, telling me everyone loved watching that ass after I got wet. We swam out to the second reef before dropping down for our dive, it felt so cool being almost naked again diving and thinking about the show I was about to put on when I got out of the water, whether I wanted to or not.
I enjoyed the feeling of the shirt just hanging loose, floating around my waist leaving me bottomless for my husband's enjoyment.
The dive was great we saw lots of fish and a nurse shark and then headed to the beach.
As we approached the shoreline, I stopped and sat down in about waist deep water and started peeling out of my gear, as was my husband. He carried all his gear to where I had laid our towels and came back to get my stuff. I looked down and the material of the tee shirt clung to my wet breasts like I was in a wet tee shirt contest.
He grabbed my tank and BC, I had my fins and mask, still wearing my weight belt, he grabbed my arm to help me get to my feet. When I stood up, I felt the material of my shirt pulling tight against my body. The weight belt was pulling my wet tee shirt down exposing a lot on skin around my shoulders, sides and chest. To the point that the arm holes had stretched down past my tits.
As soon as I got to the towels, I dropped my weight belt, but it had already done a number on my tee shirt. My husband headed toward the street side showers to rinse his gear before heading to the room.
An older gentleman walked up and asked about the dive, we started talking and I told him about the fish, shark and coral we saw, then his boyfriend came over to him and asked if he was coming back to join him. He told him he was discussing my dive and he would be there in a minute. The whole time his eyes were looking me up and down at my nearly naked body.
His younger boyfriend just stood behind him steaming like a jealous girlfriend, so I figured I would add a little fuel to the fire and hooked my thumbs into the already stretched out arm holes and the pulled my hands together below my tits. This caused a little more of my breasts to spill out the sides and squeeze them to the center making more cleavage. As we talked his eyes stayed fixed on my breasts like he was waiting for one of them to be totally exposed.
I continued to tease him, applying the pressure down, further stretching the tee shirt as we talked and even pulled it out a little to allow more skin to show. He wouldn't even look up at me by this point, so I finally asked him if he liked what he was looking at so hard.
He then looked up and me and said, "Why yes, you have a very nice body and I can see most of it thru that tee shirt, so yeah hard is a good way to describe it"
Then his boyfriend asked him again if he was coming back with him or not?
With that I lifted my shirt a bit allowing my tits to move back into their normal place, this allowing both of them to spill out the sides of my shirt, as I grinned at him with an evil grin.
And off the guy's boyfriend went stomping down the beach. The old guy thanked me for telling him about the dive and the little show, then adjusting himself, turned to go back to his chair and his boyfriend.
I adjusted my shirt as best I could and sat down to wait for my husband to return. When he came back, he grabbed my BC and tank, he asked me to bring all the rest of the stuff to the shower so we can wash it off too, then I can come back and sun. I wasn't sure if he wanted help or to show me off at the shower mere feet from A1A.
I grabbed the rest of the lite gear and followed him to the shower. He washed off my BC and stepped aside to allow me to wash the other stuff off. Washing the salt from the masks and fins, and the cold water began to wet my shirt again causing my nipples that were about to spill from the sides of the stretched out top to harden and poke against the wet material.
When I had finished, I was a quite wet again, causing the material of the shirt to cling in the right places on my body. A few guys had stopped to check me out while I washed the gear off. I asked my husband to take my BC back to the room and I will wait here and rinse the gear so when he came back it would be ready.
As soon as he stepped across the street, I stepped into the shower causing my tee shirt to almost disappear allowing the shirt to mold to my body completely showing every curve I had, and I had to keep moving the shirt back in place over my tits as the water kept exposing my wet breasts from under the sides of the stretched out tee shirt.
A bit excited showing off my body again, I stood there facing the street tilting my head back, allowing the water to run thru my hair to rinse out the sea water. I had just turned off the water when my husband walked up, he looked at me and ask why I didn't just take off the shirt, I told him not to tempt me because it was feeling extremely erotic at the moment. I helped him gather the rest of our gear to carry across the street and then I headed back to our towels.
When I got there, I sat down to soak up a little sun, then it hit me I should have told him to bring me back a bikini to put on. I just pulled the tee shirt up so that I was just covered allowing my legs to soak up the sun. My tits kept spilling out the sides of the now big arm holes. I figured, hell everyone can see them anyway, so I sat back up, looked around and then quickly pulled the shirt over my head and placed it between my legs with my knees apart, pulling a little of it back up to cover up my crotch, but just barely.
When my husband came back, he was a bit in shock, there was his wife naked except for a little piece of tee shirt pulled up between her legs covering her pussy. He asked me if I was allowed to be naked on the beach, I told him I wasn't naked, but I could be if he wanted me to be, then I rolled over with my round butt in the air, totally naked with nothing at all covered, the feeling was unreal and so exciting especially when I moved my feet apart a bit more. I don't know what was showing but in my mind, I was hoping everything.
After a good 20 minutes or so and feeling more daring from the excitement of showing off and comfortable with my surroundings, I rolled over onto my back again except this time I didn't cover my shaved pussy or hide it from the people walking up and down the beach. My husband just stared at me and watched the people looking at me.
After an hour or so I asked my husband to join me in the water because I need to cool off. I sat up and looked about and figured I had better not push my luck and slipped my tee shirt back on, which really did little to hide my breasts at this point.
Once we got in the water, my husband was all over me, touching me, kissing me, pulling on my tee shirt. As we moved out deeper the shirt floated up father allowing my husband easier access to me.
He told me he wanted to do me now, I told him people are everywhere and would see us. Then I let the passion of his kisses get the better of me and wrapped my legs around his waist and allowed him to enter me, the wave action caused us to move about and it didn't take long before it was over. He just held me for a few minutes until he shrunk out of me and then we head back to the towels.
It had gotten late, and I didn't want to get burnt, so we picked up our things and headed back to the room to get ready for the evening out. Of course, I had to stop at the shower to rinse off once again to get the salt water out of my hair and show off a little more, but only very briefly.
Once we got back to the room I fell across the bad, and eventually woke up about 10:00 with my husband sleeping next to me.
I woke him up and ask him if we were going out and he said, "If I wanted too, we would."
I jumped up and got a quick shower, the warm water made my slightly red skin tingle. I finished getting ready, while he was getting a shower. I laid out my clothes and fixed my hair.
While he was doing his thing to get ready, I slipped into my outfit for the night. It consisted of a quite short black pleated skirt that rested high on my thighs and quite low on my hips, a very short loose cropped tank top and my two inch open toe heels. The top was one of those that if you don't pull it down every five minutes something is going to show, must be why it is one of my husband's favorite shirts to wear out clubbing, especially after I have had a few drinks.
We were out the door in less than 30 minutes and as we walked down the street the breeze kept blowing my skirt up showing my ass to the guys walking behind us. Of course, they had to make comments about it instead of just enjoying the show, finally I told them to grow up and we turned to go into the door of the club. The guy on the door smiled and asked me where my friends were, I told him I hadn't seen them since last night.
The Doorman told the girl working the door that we were his guests tonight. My husband asked if he had missed something, I told him, "He missed a lot"!
As soon as we walked in, I saw Donna and Jessie dancing on the dance floor, they saw me and they both ran over to give me a hug, I introduced them to my husband then we headed to the bar for drinks. Jessie was already glassy eyed and giggly, she had a permanent smile on her face already.
I figured I had some catching up to do and ordered two shorts of tequila for my husband and I, and a beer for me making them both disappear in a matter of seconds. My friends did a shot with me shortly after that, then we all headed to the dance floor. Donna had every guy on the dance floor's attention including my husbands.
She had out dressed me again, tonight she was wearing a very short white leather micro mini skirt that barely covered her ass and a white three inch wide tube top over her tits, her dark nipples showed thru the thin material.
Jessie was in one of those tight tube dresses with bad panty lines, but no bra to my surprise!
As we danced, Donna was either pulling her skirt down or her top up and every guy around, including my husband, was waiting for her to pop out somewhere.
After we danced a while, we headed back for drinks and following Donna, I swear I could see the bottom of her butt cheeks peeking out from under her skirt in the dimly lit bar.
We got to the bar and Donna, Jessie and I climbed on to bar stools and ordered our usual drinks of tequila and beer chasers. I kept noticing my husband looking down at Donna legs. I looked to see what he found so interesting, and I saw it.
Donna, now sitting down caused the little skirt to ride up higher on her thighs, and like me, she was not wearing any panties and she was showing everyone who happened to notice she was almost shaved clean except for a little black patch above her clit.
Her skirt was so short and tight that she shouldn't have been sitting on the stool, either she didn't know or didn't care, but she wasn't trying to hide anything. I could tell Jessie had already passed her limit again, and I asked Donna if Jessie remember last night.
Donna said she doesn't remember a thing and she couldn't find her bra tonight. Donna said she told her she didn't know what happen to it. My husband asked if we wanted another round of tequila, Donna told him none for Jessie she is about done now.
We did our shots and headed back to the dance floor, with both Donna and Jessie wobbling. We all started dancing again and Jessie had found Tom from last night.
I was dancing close to my husband who kept tugging the back of my tank top down in the back exposing my breast for his enjoyment. I asked him if he want to see more of Donna, since he seemed to have his eyes locked on her body. He laughed and asked if it was that noticeable, I told him, all the guys are staring at her.
He said, "They are watching both of y'all, and I am enjoying seeing both of you," as he tugged my short skirt a bit higher on my hips knowing it would expose my cheeks like Donna was, "Sure, go for it!"
Without adjusting my outfit after what my husband had done to it, I dance over to her and started dancing close to her, rubbing my body against hers. She was so hot, physically and visually. I was behind her and had my hands on her tummy, moving my hand up to her just below her breast where I could feel her under boobs touching my index fingers, and then down to below her belly button to the top of her skirt. I could tell she was enjoying my attention, I kept one hand on her tummy and moved my other hand to her back and pushed lightly.
As I did this, she took the hint and bent over pushing her ass into my crotch, grinding into me. I could see her white untanned cheeks starting to show as she bent over, so I ran my hands down the outside of her thighs and brought them back up bringing her skirt up with them, pulling the minimal material higher on her thighs, she just continued to dance pushing her ass into me as I looked down at her bare ass pressing against my thighs and my own too short skirt.
When she stood up, I grabbed her hands holding them across her chest, with her hands cupping her own breasts, and her skirt still almost to her waist. I could feel her rubbing her own tits under my hands.
Jessie came over to her, and put her arms around Donna's waist. She whispered in Donna's ear in a very drunkin voice, "Do you know your skirt is above your waist and I can see everything!"
She told Jessie, "Yes, I fucking love it."
She asked Jessie if she looked hot, she told her, "You two have everyone's attention."
Then she turned around and wrapped her arms around me and said you know this isn't fair, and before I could say anything, she unzipped my skirt and it dropped to the floor. She kept her arms around me and kept dancing not letting me pull my skirt back up.
I was in heaven dancing bottomless with another girl who was almost as naked as I was, with hundreds of people watching us. My husband came up behind me and told me he could not believe what he was seeing and that I looked incredibly sexy like that, he then reached around and slid his hands under my loose shirt and grabbed my breasts, rolling my nipples in his fingers. I felt my feet dance over my skirt as we move around the dance floor and everyone was cheering us on.
Jessie had backed away and was leaning on the rail watching us put on our show. I felt like doing my husband right there, I was so hot. He then told me to pull down Donna's top, and do to her what I was doing to her, without even thinking about it, I pulled her top down to her belly and grabbed her breasts. The crowd was cheering us on to go all the way.
Just then my bouncer friend came over and told us we had to break it up and put our clothes back on. I searched around for my skirt on the floor and started to panic when I couldn't find it.
Donna was now wrapped around the bouncer who was trying to pull her skirt back down and her top up, and she was doing her best to kept everything uncovered. I was to the point, that I wasn't horny anymore and I was covering my pussy with my hands to hide myself while I searched for my skirt.
I heard the bouncer tell Donna if she didn't cover up, she would have to leave. My husband and Tom went over to Donna, they were helping the bounce try and get her clothes on before we all got thrown out, I didn't realize she was that drunk already.
Then I saw Jessie again leaning against the rail holding my skirt in her hand, I headed toward her to get my skirt and when I got to her, she told me she remembered more about last night than Donna knows, and now I owe her big time!
She told me this was the first time she had been in public braless and thanked me.
She continued to tell me, she was enjoying the attention she was getting from some of the guys that she had never gotten before, that Donna and I had finally made her want to be more open and enjoy the attention she had watched Donna get all her life.
I asked her if she wanted to make her tube dress look even better, she kinda looked at me strange. I told her, "Loose the panties, you have bad panty lines." She told me she had never been panty-less before, except for last night, and didn't know if she was brave enough to do that.
I smiled at her, "You never went braless before either!"
I then asked her if she really enjoyed the attention Tom had given her last night and she said it started a tingling she had never experienced before.
I grabbed her hand and pulled her to the lady's room. As soon as we got thru the door I told her to take off her panties, she blushed bright red but slowly lifted her tube dress up then hooked her thumbs in the waist band of her full coverage white cotton panties and pulled them down toward the floor, the whole time telling me she wasn't sure about this.
As she stepped out of them, I grabbed them from her and told her to come on and left her standing in the lady's room with her dress almost around her waist.
She came running out the door after me, pulling her dress back down, when she caught up with me, she told me she needed her panties back because those were her last pair and she needed them for the rest of the week.
I told her I would put them in my husband's pocket and give them back to her when we all left.
We found Donna, Tom and my husband at the bar, we went to join them and as I passed a trash can, I dropped her panties in the garbage. We got another round of drinks Jessie and I; Donna was about passed out but still standing, almost in her top a hint of nipple was showing which was easy to see against her white untanned breasts and she had everything covered down below for now.
Jessie grabbed Tom and headed for the dance floor while we held Donna up, who, every time she moved came farther and farther out of her tube top, much to the enjoyment every guy standing around us including my husband. While we watched Jessie and Tom dancing, a blonde girl walking passed Donna said something to her about being a slut and she should cover her tits up. Apparently, it hit one of her Italian nerves, and she was all over the girl before we could react.
The two of them were rolling around on the floor and Donna was already showing off everything she had, they were pulling hair and trying to hit each other. This girl came no better dressed for a cat fight than Donna had, her light sun dress was already around her waist and her white thong panties were on display as the two of them screamed and tried to fight each other.
The crowd was so tight around them that the bouncers couldn't get thru to break up the fight. Donna ended up sitting top of the girl and had two hands full of hair slamming her head on the floor, the guys all start chanting tits, tits, tits. Donna, who's top and skirt were both around her waist, took the hint grabbed the front of her sun dress and began to pull on it as had as she could, the little straps popped on the first tug as she began losing her dress.
As her bouncy tanned tits came into view, one of the bouncers finally made his way thru the crowd and grabbed Donna trying to pull her off the girl, but she wasn't letting go. The harder the bouncer pulled the more the girls dress ripped away, everyone laughed and hollered as she fought to keep her dress. She managed to keep enough to cover up her breasts with a piece of the back of the destroyed dress, but she was left bottomless except for her lace white thong panties.
Donna was carried toward the front door with part of the girl's dress still in her hands, screaming, kicking and for the most part naked still with her clothes around her waist.
We pushed our way toward the door thru the crowd and grabbed Donna as she stood naked in the door arguing with the bouncer saying the other girl started it.
Jessie did her best to cover Donna up, but her top had gotten stretched out in the fight and wouldn't stay up, we all headed back down A1A toward our hotel with Donna still bitching about getting kicked out.
My husband was smiling looking at Donna with her top around her waist and most of her ass cheeks showing walking down A1A, not caring as we passed other people.
It wasn't until we got to our room when my husband told me my ass was hanging out the whole way back and he wished I had been topless as well!
I pushed him against the wall kissing him, "You didn't ask, we can go to the pub at the other end of the block if you want!" as we continued to make out with our hotel door still open.
Needless to say we never left the room the rest of the night, my husband continued mentioning how hot I would be walking topless on A1A.