I will never forget Jennifer, My favorite classmate....
*
My first realization of ecstasy happened unsuspectingly one night as a sticky mess on the bed linens all over me. What just happened? I was daydreaming about Jennifer. We are in the same math class this year at the university. Today she had worn a short skirt that left very little to my imagination.
She continuously attempted to gain comfort by crossing and uncrossing her legs, or was she intentionally showing me the white lining of her panties? Either way, I had not previously noticed how nice her legs were, but today my attention was riveted to the long shapely legs of this beautiful, developing nineteen-year-old. Had my twenty-year-old brain been ripened further, it would have noticed the look of consent on her face.
The next day she returned wearing another skirt. This one had a split in the front, showing those beautiful shapely legs. My newly discovered hardness was attempting to unfold but was arrested by my briefs. I found this most uncomfortable, so I reached down and tried to adjust my briefs.
My pulsing head found its way through the leg opening. Instantly the rest of my shaft followed it, residing alongside my leg just under my trousers. Damn, this could be embarrassing.
She noticed this instantly. Her legs parted slowly as the smile on her face indicated a gesture of approval. I reached down to conceal the demon, but as my hand arrived, the sensitive throbbing muscle released its ammunition. I tried in vain to stop the release, but the immensity of this newly found discharge had taken control with precision and accuracy.
I was sure my expression told the entire story. The pleasing appearance on her face indicated acknowledgment of the event. I was burdened with warm gooey sperm attaching to my inner thigh and a developing saturated spot on my pants. As we rose to leave class, she made sure I understood her appreciation, giving me a full view of her soaked cotton panties.
Our covert arrangement continued for months. During this time, I had come to find a state of ecstasy that could be throttled back and prolonged once the steamy hot liquid had left its residence and started its journey through my shaft.
I found extreme pleasure in teasing my tool just enough to get the journey started but then able to heel it by pinching the ever-pulsing head and prolonging the inevitable ejaculation. The second I released tension from the head, the ejaculatory stream would continue its journey. Sometimes this high would last for five minutes or more. This had not gone unnoticed by Jennifer during class. She was more than interested in the concealed activity under my desk.
The chaos of releasing my hard flesh from the confines of my briefs made me cease wearing them. This feeling of openness for me and my lodger was remarkable. The freedom for my male parts to swing freely under my trousers as I traversed the university halls felt great.
Friday in class, Jennifer placed her hand on her thigh as if to replicate my newly found hobby. Was she leading me on? Did she want to see me pleasure myself?
Today my pants were made of thin cotton, and there was no doubt when my partner stood up at attention. Jennifer instantly recognized the giant bulge attempting to gain freedom. Her contemplation was different today. The lustrous gaze of her eyes was focused directly on my face as she slid around her desk seat, grasping her hem and holding it back. Her skirt rose to her hip, displaying her most personal possession.
Today, I was joined by Jennifer. My first look at her naked pussy sent my glands into spasms. There would be no throttling, my man, today! My release shook me in place. I tried to conceal my feverous activity, but she knew her experiment had been successful.
She returned to her lesson with a nod of approval. We enjoyed many days of clandestine teasing during this class. Jennifer's days of wearing panties were over. She had found a new freedom as I had!
This would be the only class we shared for the remainder of the term. Her smile told the tale of our mutual discovery every time we passed on campus.
I did not attend class the following semester. I had the offer to take a position as a service technician for a local furniture company.
Several months later, I pulled up to my next appointment. To my astonishment, the door was answered by Jennifer. We were both surprised to see each other again. She was dressed in a button-up white blouse and a full-length skirt that buttoned in the front. I immediately remembered those fabulous legs I used to admire, along with a few other secret treats.
She led me into the den to show me the sofa her mother had called about, which needed repairing. I proceeded to inspect the couch, which would require other tools from my work truck. She informed me that her mother ran a sewing shop in the large room adjacent to us. Jennifer partially closed the door to avoid disturbing her mother and her lady client.
I began repairs in earnest on my knees. A few minutes later, Jennifer walked up, sat across from me, and asked if I would like a glass of water. When I looked up to answer her, I found my former classmate sitting there with her skirt unbuttoned to her waist and her inner chamber without cover. My tool hardened immediately.
I replied yes, thanks. She returned with my glass of water and stood before me, gleaming that she was available for viewing. My attempt to conceal the evidence was not going to happen today. Jennifer relished the control she had over my flesh.
She returned to her chair and unbuttoned her blouse, revealing her satin bra. She sat in total control with her legs wide open while I attempted to maintain some self-possession to finish my work. I could not believe this was happening just feet away from her mother!
I finally completed the repairs. Jennifer led me towards the front door to walk me out. As she turned in front of me, her smile indicated she was pleased with her work, the massive hard holding my shorts up!
I could not withstand the urge to feel her flesh—a strange part of my being reached out to grasp the sauntering female derriere she so willingly provided. Oh God, it was heaven. I had a firm grasp in my hand, now kneading the precious flesh attempting to discover every small portion of it.
She stopped and turned towards me. The pleasure on her face indicated that permission was granted. She lowered her hand and undid the last button on her skirt. It fell away while she wriggled out her blouse and bra.
At last, here was the girl I had desperately dreamed of so many times, completely nude, while her mother's voice could still be heard just steps away!
She took my hands and placed them on her breasts as she placed her finger over her mouth, indicating I should not make a sound.
Jennifer reached down and unfastened my shorts, suspended by my hard flesh. Holding my pulsing dowel in her hand, she laid me back on the floor.
Before I knew what was happening, she squatted over me. The moist slit I desperately wanted to feel found its target and plunged toward pleasure.
Reaching out and grasping the entryway walls with each hand, she winced with pleasure as a river of hormones surged toward its final destination. Her silky pussy contracted with might around my hardness, seeming to inspect every small part while sliding back and forth, squeezing madly as every muscle in her vibrated. Her mouth opened as she did her best to throttle the ecstasy trying to escape her vocal cords.
"Jennifer, is the repairman finished yet?"
The surprise at her mother's voice steps away released a furious flow of adrenaline, jolting her. Her release followed immediately with fast and furious contractions squeezing every last ounce of contentment from her vagina.
"Just a minute, he is almost finished."
Jennifer leaped up, took me in her mouth, and began sucking. My excitement and the fright of her mother's voice, feet away, ignited my store. She pulled back and accepted every squirt on her face.
Smiling at me, she stood up with her face covered with my silky liquid. She reached down and handed me my shorts as she stood naked with a wicked grin.
"It was great to see you again!"