If cuckolding, cheating, exhibitionism, and/or humiliation isn't your kind of thing. Just move on to another story. All participants are presumed to be over the age of 18 and are willing participants.
As the sun comes up the next morning, Dan, Matt, and Mark are standing outside their tents as they look towards Tim and Tammy's tent.
"I just couldn't believe it? If it wouldn't have happened to me, I'd say it was a fucking lie!" Dan advises while looking at his cup of coffee.
Matt and Mark look at Dan with questioning eyes as he continues.
"You guys gotta swear to not saying anything, but I have to tell someone." Dan says looking at the others straight in the eyes with a serious as hell look.
Both guys promise to keep it between them as Dan continues.
"So when Tammy asked for someone to go with her to the restrooms last night, I agreed to show her where they were. So when we get to the port-a-potties, she heads to the large handicap one on the end and starts to walk in. The next thing I know, she grabs my hand and pulls me inside telling me there's enough room for both of us."
Matt and Mark continue to look at Dan as he continues.
"It's pretty dark inside, but you can still see fairly well as I see Tammy undo her pants and push them along with her panties down to her knees as she sits down on the seat of the toilet."
'Damn!" the guys say in unison.
" I actually turned away because I was feeling so awkward, but Tammy didn't seem to have a care in the world, and actually told me to use the urinal too since she obviously wasn't going to need it. Well, I did need to pee and hearing her made me want to go even worse, so I went ahead and started to pee. So I'm just looking at the wall as I pee, and the next thing I know, I feel a hand on my cock. Apparently, Tammy had shimmied over to me with her pants still down, dropped to her knees beside me, and grabbed me. She suddenly grabs my hips and turns me facing her while I was just finishing up. I mean, I was still peeing, so I accidentally peed right on her face before I could stop!"
"No fucking way?" Matt exclaims and Dan continues.
"O ya. In fact, she just smiled as my pee hit her face and then she grabbed my cock again, put it in her mouth and started to suck it like a pro. I know she had to drink at least some of my pee, and of course, I couldn't help but get a hard on too. But, she was sucking me so good. I mean, if I didn't know better, she was a porn star because she was sucking my cock, then licking me balls, and then back to taking my hard cock all the way down her throat with her choking herself taking it so deep."
Unable to say anything, the other two stand there now wanting to miss a word.
"Once she had me hard, Tammy tells me to fuck her as she gets to her feet, waddles with her pants still at her ankles to the seat of the toilet. Once there, she bends forward over in front of the seat with her ass towards me. Guys, even as dark as it was, i could still see that tiny little ass and I couldn't say no."
"Did ya? You gonna tell us that you fucked her?" Mark asks with a big smile on his face.
"Damn straight I fucked her! I mean, who wouldn't? And I wasn't going to take a chance of her changing her mind. I slammed into her so hard, that it actually hurt when I shoved it into her tight snatch. In fact, I thought that I might had hurt her as she screamed out in pain, so I didn't move, but she started thrusting her ass back and forth on my cock taking her deeper and deeper each time."
Mark and Matt are smiling as they listen to every word, but sporting erections inside their jeans as Dan continues.
"Guys, I love my wife, but I don't ever remember ever having such a tight fuck. I mean my cock is still sore today from her pussy gripping me so hard. But anyway, I tried to slow her down as I knew I wasn't going to last, but she wouldn't stop! I started to pull away to keep from unloading in her, but she stood up and reached back with both hands grabbing my hips and continued to slam her pussy on my cock until I couldn't help it, and I unloaded in her deep.!" Dan exclaims.
"Oh shit!" Matt says with a concerned look on his face.
Dan continues "As soon as I get done filling her tight pussy, she pulls herself off me and turns around, kneels down again and proceeds to suck anything that didn't get into her off of me. And once she got done, she just pulled up her panties and jeans and made her way to the door saying thank you for being my protector. I mean really? What am I supposed to do with this?"
Meanwhile, inside the tent with Tammy, Tim awakens as the interior of the tent lightens with the rising of the sun. He looks over at Tammy who is still sound a sleep facing away from him on her side. He looks at her long blond hair that lies on the pillow behind her which causes his penis to begin to swell. He also notices that her hair seems to be a bit more tangled than usual, but concludes that it might have been due to her drinking so much last night.
Trying not to wake her, he gets up, slips on some shorts over his underwear and exits the tent. When he gets outside, He sees the others already up and standing together in a small group talking. As he gets to the group, the guys suddenly quit talking with Dan sheepishly saying hi.
The guys quickly change topics and start to make plans for the day. It's decided that once all the girls got up, they'd head to town to get breakfast and then after, depending on what the girls say, and the weather, maybe a ride.
One by one, the girls start moving and exiting their tents. The last one to get up is Tammy. Everyone is standing together in a group sipping coffee as they hear the sound of the zipper of a tent open. Everyone, except Tim, who has his back towards the tent, turns to find the tent flaps separate with Tammy stepping out. But as she does so, she is only dressed in a white t-shirt that is skin tight revealing her small, but tight breasts topped with her erect nipples, and her tiny white thong barely covering her blond bush and vagina.
Tammy walks over to the group with almost every eye upon her except Tim. Even people walking by stop walking as they pass when they see her beautiful body in almost complete display.
"Hey guys." Tammy says with a big smile. "What's the plan today?
"I think we're about to go in town and get breakfast and then....." Tim stops as he turns and finally sees her.
'Where's your clothes?" Tim growls out with a look of anger on his face.
"Just quit! I'm covered." Tammy says angrily as she dismisses Tim's concern.
Tim grabs her arm and begins to try to pull her towards the tent, as the others watch. But Tammy pulls her arm away from Tim.
"Fine! I'll get dressed. For now." Tammy says as she begins to walk back toward the tent with everyone watching her exposed tiny cheeks of her ass sway from side to side as she stomps back. And once she gets there, she on purposely, bends over at the waist thrusting her ass out to all watching. And those watching are rewarded with her cheeks separating just enough to see her tiny little asshole peaking out from around the small piece of lace covering it and the small patch of fabric covering her tight pussy.
Tim is bright red as he apologizes.
"I'm so sorry. I'm not sure what has got into her?"
Dan about spits out his coffee as he hears this as Matt answers with a smile.
"It's alright. Sometimes Sturgis is a place where people let themselves do what they want."
'After all. What happens in Sturgis, stays in Sturgis!" Mark adds.
They guys laugh as the women look at each other with questionable looks.
A short time later, everyone gathers at the bikes. Tammy seems to be visibly upset as she joins the group and eventually gets on the bike with Tim. They go into town and once they find a place to eat, everyone seems to be having fun, even Tammy.
During the meal, the weather changes and rain rolls into the area. The girls decide that this would be the time to do some shopping. The guys, not wanting anything to do with that, decide to chance the rain a bit and ride around close so they don't get completely wet.
As soon as the girls finished eating, they take off and start hitting the stores and vendors as the guys jump on their bikes and take off to explore some of the roads around the area.
It's not too long until Tammy decides to split of from the girls telling them that she wanted to some personal time. The girls agree to meeting up in a couple of hours and continue on their way as Tammy finds a shop specializing in getting a bikini wax. Once she finds the store, she steps in to the sound of bell ringing in the back.
"I'll be right out." a voice from the back announces.
Tammy looks around the small room seeing what appears to be an examination table in the middle surrounded by cabinets along the wall with numerous pots containing wax.
"How can I help you today?" is heard as a small oriental girl steps into the room.
"Well.....I, I, I'm looking to get a bikini wax, and I saw your advertisement on the internet, and wondered if I can get you to do it?" Tammy says nervously as she looks out the large front window facing out into the street.
The girl smiles. "Ah yes. So happy to help you."
Still smiling, she pats the top of the table. "You sit here."
Tammy climbs up on the table in which the girl quickly grabs Tammy's feet and turns Tammy to where she's now facing the window.
"Remove your pants." she advises with her heavy foreign accent.
Tammy looks out the window and sees lots of people milling around just outside, but notices that nobody seems to be looking in. Assuming that the window must be tinted so people outside can't see in, she slowly lowers the zipper and unsnaps her jeans as the girls help remove her boots. As soon as Tammy unsnaps them, the girl grabs each pant leg around the ankles and quickly pulls the jeans off. Tammy is still sitting upright as she faces the window with her lower half of her body only covered in a small thong.
'Lie back." Tammy hears as she hears the sound of metal clanking and see that the girl has now pulled out two leg stirrups commonly used for a limnological exam. Tammy lies on her back leaving her looking up at the ceiling as the girl places her feet in the stirrups. Once her feet are in place, the girl places a strap around each foot immobilizing her feet. Tammy then feels her feet lift higher in the air and spread apart leaving her more exposed than ever. Tammy feels the cool air of a fan blowing across her exposed rectum and vagina, right before the girl places a hot towel across her.
The girl steps away for a moment turning on a cd player in the background and then quickly returns.
"You close your eyes and I'll have you done in just a little bit." the girl says softly calming Tammy's fears eventually closing her eyes. Tammy momentarily opens her eyes when the girl removes the towel, but closes them again as the girl sprays a warm shaving cream on her blond hair covered pubic area rubbing it into every little nook and crevice. The girl rubs a bit of the lotion along each side of her vaginal opening making sure that her mons are covered. She then sprays a bit more cream into her hand and starts to rub it down below her vagina and down towards her rectum. Once at her little hole, the girl pushes a cream covered finger against her rectum which causes Tammy to gasp.
"That feels good?" the girl asks.
Tammy blushes as she answers affirmatively.
The girl dips her finger into the cream again and places it on her little opening pushing just slightly with her finger easily sliding inside. Tammy grips the side of the table as her body finds her finger quite satisfying, even finding that it feels very good.
The girl removes her finger with an audible moan from Tammy as it leaves. The girl continues to work the cream around until Tammy's pubic area is completely covered. The girl then leaves and returns with a small metal pan.
"You don't move now." she advises sternly.
With that, the girl pulls out a straight edge and begins to expertly remove all her pubic hair from above her vaginal slit. Once that is cleanly shaved, the girl pushes Tammy's legs apart a bit more and slowly shaves the hair away each side of her vagina. Tammy has calmed down to the point of almost sleeping as she feels her feet be pushed up towards her head forcing her butt to even be more exposed than before. But, the girl continues to clean her of any hair around her butt crack and even around her little anus.
With the hair shaved, the girl now places the hot towels back on the freshly shaved areas. She's left like this for a bit, and begins to relax until she hears a noise just outside the door. This startles Tammy as she wasn't sure if the door was unlocked and suddenly feared someone walking in with her exposed like this. The door remained shut, but to Tammy's surprise, she now sees a large group of people that are now standing at the window looking inside. Tammy blushes as she looks at the faces of the people. Their were young men, old men, and even women looking at her causing her to blush. Many were smiling, but most had their phones out aimed at her. The girl returns with the hot wax quickly grabbing the towels and removing them. Tammy hears the crowd cheer as the girl begins to apply the wax to her butt crack, applying the tissue, and then her quickly pulling it away leaving her smoother than ever before. Unable to really do anything now, and that knowing that the people have seen her now anyway, she resigns herself to whatever will happen, will happen.
Tammy lies back as the girl continues to do this all over her pubic area eventually leaving her completely void of any pubic hair. The girl applies a moisturizer on her hairless skin stopping at her vagina rubbing the lotion lightly inside. The girl slides her finger a bit deeper inside, then adds another finger. The girl then tries to slide another finger inside, but due to her tightness, she finds it difficult. Tammy grabs the girls hand with her own hand and pushes it inside with three inside her. Once she has three, Tammy wants more, and quickly, the girl slides her forth. Once she has her four fingers inside, the girl places her thumb on Tammy's clit as she slides her fingers back and forth inside her.
"You like?" the girl asks.
Tammy now in the middle of extreme sexual excitement yells "Oh yes! Please fuck me now!"
The crowd outside cheers as the girl dips a finger from her free hand into the juices running down Tammy's ass crack spreading it on her little hole. As Tammy gets closer and closer to an orgasm, the girl slides a finger in her hole just past her first knuckle. This causes Tammy to squeal as the girl pumps her hand in and out of her pussy and now a finger hitting never before nerve endings. The sensations are too much as Tammy reaches her orgasm screaming out in ecstasy and spraying her juices out between her legs striking the girl.
The next thing Tammy knows, the girl has cleaned Tammy up and sees that she has now shut the drapes to the window. The girl hands Tammy's clothes back to her but before dressing, Tammy looks at her reflection in the mirror admiring her new look. she runs her hand down across her pubic area enjoying the smooth feeling and dips her fingers inside her already aroused vagina. She wants to continue, but knows that she probably should be going and once dressed, asks the girl how much she owed her. The girl looks at her puzzled.
"You pay nothing. The people outside pay to watch." she says.
Tammy is surprised, but considering everything, she'd do it again. As Tammy walks out the front door to the ring of the bell, she looks up at the sign above the door. Tammy giggles as she quickly walks away to catch up with the girls whispering to herself "Public waxing".
Tammy quickly catches up with the other girls and agree to catch some lunch. As they eat, the girls advise that the guys were coming back as the rain had subsided, but they did have one more shoppe to stop at.
They quickly eat and make their way to a little novelty store hidden a bit back of the others. As they enter, the girls all begin to giggle as it's more of a sex shop with all sorts of items normally seen in a sex toy shop. As Tammy walks around, she sees some items that she recognizes. Tammy decides to pick up a few items and some different outfits being the last to leave.
The guys eventually return and pick up the girls taking them back to the campground. Once there, the girls put away their items as the guys get ready to go for another ride, but this time with the girls. Everyone went, except Matt's wife, who asked to stay at the campground due to having a bit of a headache.
They took off in which the ride wasn't anything eventful, but Tammy seemed to feel the vibrations of the road and bike and found them to be enjoyable. So much so, that she then began to wonder how the vibrations of a Harley would be in contrast to the Honda?
At one point of interest, they stopped and took the customary photos in which she asked Matt if she could ride with him for a bit? Tim seemed angry when Tammy asked if he would be okay but eventually agrees after Tammy gave him a sad puppy dog look. Tammy quickly climbed up on the bike behind Matt and slid down onto the seat spreading her legs wide around his hips.
As soon as Matt started the bike, Tammy felt the vibrations of the bike directly on her pussy and asshole causing her to move around and squirm. The bike was like a huge vibrator hitting her all the right places as they pulled out onto the road. As they went down the road, Tammy felt the excitement increase as the engine vibrated in all the right ways. It wasn't very long until Tammy felt another orgasm begin to build, but unable to move her legs, the vibrations slowly continued to push her deeper and deeper into it. Eventually, she grabs Matt's sides as the orgasm hits leaving her screaming and wetting her jeans. Matt starts to slow down, but Tammy squeezes him even tighter. "Don't you dare stop!" she exclaims.
By the time they all got back to the campsite, Tammy had had many orgasms leaving her and the back of Matt wet with her juices. As Tammy got off the bike, she felt as though her legs were made of rubber and although she was thoroughly wore out, she was still disappointed that the ride had come to an end.
Tammy quickly made her way back to the tent to change clothes, changing into a very tiny mini skirt that barely covered the bottom of her butt cheeks, a small thong, and a tube top that was probably two sizes too small.
As soon as she rejoins the group, the guys announce that just across the road is a bar that will be hosting a band they all like. Eager to get the party going, they decide to walk across the road so as nobody has to worry about drinking too much.
The group quickly make their way over and go inside. Once inside, Tim notices how short Tammy's skirt is and mentions to Tammy that he doesn't like it. Tammy laughs at him making him even more angry and steps up to the bar to order a drink. Tammy steps up beside him.
"You ordering me a drink too?" Tammy asks smiling.
Tim looks pissed as he answers. "What do you want?"
Tammy smiles. "How about sex in the driveway?"
Tim rolls his eyes as he asks for the drink in which the bartender starts to make.
"I want a shot too." Tammy says smiling.
Annoyed, Tim asks "And what would that be?"
Tammy, still smiling, loudly announces "I want a wet pussy shot!"
Everyone around them hears this and smiles as Tim becomes more annoyed from the unwanted attention she is causing. The bartender mixes the drink and sets it on the bar closest to him. This causes Tammy to have to bend over at the waist to reach the drink exposing her thong covered butt. The guys behind her quickly see her and watch as Tim becomes even more irritated.
She downs it quickly and asks for another with the bar tender quickly making it for her. Again, he sets it close to him on the edge of the bar, and again, Tammy gets up on her toes and has to bend over to get it resulting with everyone getting to see her thong and ass.
She does this two more times repeating her actions each time. Guys are starting to crowd around her forcing Tim to step back.
"Jesus Tammy! You're acting like a slut." Tim says loud enough for most to hear.
The guys around her hear this and yell "OHH!" which makes Tim blush with the attention.
A voice in the crowd yells "Is her pussy wet yet?" which causes the guys to get even more excited.
Tammy hears this and smiles as she puts a finger to her lips saying "Well, I just don't know? anyone want to take my panties off for me and check?"
The crowd reaches a fevered pitch as one of the bigger guys walks up.
"I'll do it." In which he steps in front of her, places his hands on her hips grabbing the sides of her thong and quickly slides them down to her ankles in which she steps out of. He did it so quickly, that hardly anyone got to see anything disappointing many standing there. The guy places the thong to his nose and deeply inhales.
"Oh she's wet guys!"
The crowd erupts in applause as Tammy downs her shot, grabs her drink and walks away joining the rest of the group. Tim doesn't believe what is going on and stays at the bar for a little while sulking, but eventually joins the rest. They continue to drink not caring how much they consume knowing that they only have to walk back to their tents. Tammy is already totally drunk as she dances around the rest of the group, not caring what becomes visible.
Eventually, after many more drinks have been consumed and the hours have ticked by, a crowd starts to form in front of the stage indicating to the group that the band was going to start. The group makes their way in to the middle of the group with Tammy leading the way and Tim staying behind by the table as he's still pissed about how Tammy has been acting. It gets more crowded the nearer to the stage you get and eventually, the group gets as far forward as they can. Tammy is a few rows of people ahead of the group, but still within eye shot.
It's not too long and the band starts to play. The music is loud and people push forward making it difficult for Tammy to be able to see the stage. A bigger guy standing behind Tammy sees her dilemma and offers to put her on his shoulders. Tammy jumps at this and as the guy bends down to let her up, Tammy throws her leg over his neck giving him a view of her freshly waxed pussy and asshole as she gets into position. As the guy stands up, he can feel the warmth of her pussy on the back of his neck. Tammy feels the cool air on her asshole and her pussy as the guy moves to the music causing her pussy to grind on the back of hiss neck.
The crowd behind her also sees that her ass and pussy are on display with many getting out their phones to take pics and videos of what they see. Tammy doesn't care as her body becomes more excited due to the stimulation of his neck and the thrill of being exposed. every so often, she would feel a brave person touching her butt, but she didn't care. It quickly became a photo shoot with guys backing up to the guy under Tammy and with big smiles, they would have their pictures taken, some pointing to her tiny ass, and even a few braver ones with a finger in her asshole or pussy.
With the grinding of her pussy on his neck, and strangers probing her ass and pussy, Tammy was soon leaking juices down the back of the guys holding her and she was getting to the point of wanting to get fucked. Unable to hold off any longer, she taps the guys shoulder in which he let her down.
As soon as she is down, she steps in front of the guy and smiles as she yells "I need to pay you for helping me." She then reaches forward to his zipper and pulls out his cock. The guys stands there smiling as she drops to her knees and begins to suck his cock. As Tammy does this, she didn't know it, but the guy is quite large as he becomes erect. Tammy keeps sucking it eventually getting it to it's full potential. People standing around are now watching as the guy has to be at least 9 inches long and the width of a beer can.
Tammy can only get the tip in her mouth and being so frustrated and horny, she just turns around on her knees and bends forward landing her hands on the ground in front of her with her ass and pussy facing the guy. The guy smiles as he looks at her tiny butt and her perfectly shaved peach of a pussy, and drops to his knees.
The guy wants her ass, but knows that couldn't happen so he aims his cock at her tight pussy lips. As he pushes the head against it, the lips separate showing her well lubricated inner folds. He pushes forward as her pussy slowly allows him to begin to enter, but not without Tammy grunting as she stretches to accommodate his huge cock. The guy takes his time as Tammy begins to wonder what she had got herself into. Never before had she felt anyone this deep or even this thick. As she starts to think that she couldn't take anymore, the guy stops pushing, allowing Tammy to catch her breath.
The music stops for a bit as Tammy looks back at the crowd surrounding her. she sees both men and women watching. Many with their cameras out as she gives herself to a complete stranger. She feels a vacuum within her insides as the guy begins to pull his cock back, a feeling that she has never felt before with Tim. She then turns her head and looks to her other side in which she suddenly sees Tim as he is standing near the edge of the crowd watching her.
The music starts again with loud thundering thumps of the drums. Without warning, the guy thrusts his cock deep within her again, this time going deeper than before. As the drums tempo increase, so does the guy in which he pulls back and again thrusts giving her no time for her to catch her breath. The drum goes into a drum solo in which the guy keeps pace. Her juices are flowing more than she can ever remember which is good, as she needed all the lubricant she can get.
The guy picks up his pace even more and is now ramming his cock in and out of her so quickly that Tammy is nearing an orgasm. Tammy is at the point of no return as she feels the orgasm build. Just when she's ready to explode, she goes beyond that limit, her pussy tightens on the guys cock as he slams forward one last time. This time, pushing the head of his cock into and past her cervix allowing his cock to shoot his sperm directly on her unprotected eggs.
The guy stays with his cock buried balls deep in her pussy as his sperm continues to be pumped directly into her. His balls now tight against his body. Tammy can't move as she turns her head and looks at the crowd. Cameras are still running and people continue to watch as the sweat runs down her face and legs. She then sees Tim standing to the side and is surprised as to what she sees. While everyone's attention is on Tammy, he has taken his little cock out and was stroking it. Tim soon sees that he has been caught and quickly puts it away.
As the guy pulls his deflating cock out of Tammy's abused pussy, it finally falls free almost hitting the ground as he slides back. Tammy stays on the ground hunched over as her now stretched out pussy remains open. Surprisingly, little fluids fall from her as she gets up from the ground. As she gets up, Tim steps up beside her and puts his arm around her.
'Have you had enough?" Tim asks meekly.
"Just take me back to the tent." Tammy whispers.