(Part of a larger narrative. More to come.)
It had been a fairly spur of the moment decision.
"We should do something special for our anniversary?"
"Special?"
That glint in her eye as she said it ...
"Yes, special. Get dinner somewhere. Few bars, maybe go clubbing even. Make a weekend of it."
"Get a nice hotel."
"Oh, most definitely get a nice hotel."
"With a big bed."
"That sounds promising ..."
And so we'd planned an anniversary weekend away, booking a beautiful boutique hotel in the city we'd met more than a decade ago. The hotel's enormous beds were highlighted in both the description and the reviews, as was the large, walk-in shower in most rooms; "big enough for three" said one review.
Dinner took some organising. The Michelin-starred restaurant we'd eyed was booked out for the next four months but we found another classy venue in the heart of the city's gay quarter with a four-course tasting menu that everyone seemed to rave about. Alongside the amazing food and intimate vibe, the friendly and exemplary service was also a highlight.
We planned to hit some of the old haunts we'd had a lot of fun in before we got married. Gazelle, one of our favourites, was a laidback and raunchy gay club with a brilliant dancefloor, and conveniently just around the corner of our hotel. A few other familiar bars still seemed to be thriving. I was starting to feel nostalgic.
Out of us both, Lucy was definitely the one getting more and more excited as our weekend away loomed closer. We'd always been quite open about our fantasies and desires, even more so now, but Lucy was keeping uncharacteristically tight-lipped about her plans for this weekend.
All that and more was going through my head in the days leading up to the Friday morning when we packed our bags.
On the bed, Lucy had lain out a couple of dresses. Each was beautiful. And each was a big statement about what she had in mind for the next 48 hours or so. She offered no further clues, and just looked at me with her sexy, coy smile.
"What?" she asked with faux innocence.
In front of her was the long, deep red dress, figure hugging, low cut to her chest, high cut on the side up her thighs. It fitted her perfectly, and showed off and accentuated her curves and cleavage. Sexy, classy, elegant, she could wear it to a posh ball or a cocktail party or out clubbing. Or all three. The last time she wore it she'd been on all fours while I watched another man fuck her.
Next to it lay a bright emerald green mini that was, frankly, indecent. Thin to the point of see-through, it was low-cut and short. Lucy called it her slutty-fuck-me dress, and I'd been nagging her to wear out for several months now, though she'd only ever worn it for me in the house. Last time she'd worn it was a few weeks back, when her sex-crazed friend Gaby had been over. I'd pushed it up around her waist and pulled it down from her breasts while she rode me, hard. As she collapsed, breathless, on top of me, my cock still throbbing with my own orgasm, Gaby had whispered over, "I fucking love you in that dress you sexy bitch."
Lucy in either of these dresses would turn heads, a thought that made my cock swell. I raised my eyes at her and gave her a questioning look.
"Let's just see, shall we."
Then she opened the drawer where we kept our toys and pulled out the largest of our dildos. A red 10" monster we'd already got some mileage out of. She flopped that onto the bed too, along with a tube of lube.
I did not see that coming, and coughed in surprise. So that was why she hadn't wanted to fly ...
"Just in case," she said.
"Just in case, what?"
"Let's just see, shall we."
***
On the city train, as the miles between our home and hotel grew in number, we both grew ever horny. Her fingers grazed the inside of my leg, pressing into the denim holding in my swollen cock. Then she pressed more firmly, flitting between a glance and grip. This teasing went on for miles, taking me close to an orgasm then easing off as we slowed down then stopped at stations, but resuming once everyone had settled in their seats again. It was torture and I loved every second of it. In response I glanced my fingers along her thighs. A sly pinky flicking up and over her lips, the fabric of her pants damp. I wasn't sure whether the the middle-aged couple sitting across from us could have noticed? Possibly. Did we care? Not at all.
We took a taxi to the hotel, but sat at either door. We might have looked cold and distant to the driver, but we were anything but. Lucy was soaking and I was trying to get my erection to subside. Alighting from the train had been a little bit awkward.
A 20-something attractive receptionist checked us in, passing over the keycard and pointing to the lift to our floor. "Fourth floor. You've got a nice view. Enjoy your stay," she said after us as we rushed to the lift.
The lift up was mercifully quick, but still enough time for me to plunge three fingers into my wife's sopping wet pussy and for her to bring me to the verge of exploding by desperately going for my cock through my denims. The doors lurched open and we fell towards our room, the door burst open and our clothes were torn from each other before the lock had even clicked shut. We both came on each other's hands in about 60 seconds, lips tingling from the hard, hard kissing while I pinned her against the wall.
We didn't get dressed until the next morning, calling up room service after we'd fucked each other's brains out. It was the sexy receptionist who brought it.
"Enjoy," she said knowingly as she passed the tray over to me, clad only in my loosely tied hotel dressing gown. "Just call if I can help with anything else."
She was definitely flirting. I stored that thought for later.
We ate, and finished off the Prosecco, and Lucy then said to me, "Let's shower."
I soaped up her lithe body, rubbing the gel into bubbles over her arms and shoulders, her breasts and bum. Fingers gliding over the swollen lips of her puss, my cum leaking from her.
She did the same back. Clenched my cock and rubbed it back and forth. Back and forth. Her hand continued on its journey, caressing my balls and round my back, pausing as her fingertips brushed between my ass. Soaped up and wet she pushed a finger in easily. I pushed back and rested both hands on the wall. She moved round to stand behind me and took my cock in her hand and pushed into me harder. I was instantly rock solid, again.
"You like that, don't you."
"Oh my god I love it."
"But I know what you really want."
"Tell me."
"You want a big hard cock there don't you."
"Oh god yes."
"You want to be fucked hard from behind don't you."
"Yes. Oh god yes."
"I'm going to watch you get fucked tomorrow night, you know that, don't you."
"Yes."
"We'll go to Gazelle. I know you always liked going there, and I'm going to find you a good looking man and we'll bring him back here and I'm going to watch you suck his cock before he fucks you hard in the ass."
"Oh god."
"You'd like that, wouldn't you, you fucking slut."
"Yes ..."
I felt her stretch me.
"That's four fingers your dirty slut."
I was in heaven. Lucy's hands worked her magic and her filthy whispers in my ears were driving me nuts, but I still managed to gasp out, "And what about you? What will you be doing?"
"My turn to watch. I'll sit on the chair with my legs wide open and finger myself as you get fucked. Maybe I'll use our toy. You can watch me plunge that big dildo into my wet cunt as you get fucked hard by another man."
A pause.
"Or maybe I'll ring down for room service."
With her sexy voice in my ear, and the hot water, soap and steam, with her fingers probing deep in my ass and her hands working my the length of my dick, I couldn't contain myself any more and my cock exploded, my cum spraying into the cascading water of the hot shower.
I turned to face her and watched as she lay back against the wall, her feet apart, as one hand rubbed between her legs and the other cupped and massaged her breasts, fingertips squeezing and twisted her nipple until she too, with a deep moan and an arch of her back and curl of her lip, jerked into climax too.
***
The next morning we got dressed and went down for breakfast. The cute receptionist wasn't around. We had a decent feed then headed out to explore the city that we'd once known so well and which had, like us, undergone some small and fairy major changes over the past decade or so.
Lunch was a sandwich and a stroll through the botanical gardens. We lay on the grass in the sun reliving our wild youth, those intense yet carefree days when we were just becoming boyfriend and girlfriend. We lay by the tree that, not long after we'd started going out, Lucy had ridden me in the dusk. She'd released my cock from my trousers and sat over me in a long maxi dress, pulling her pants to the side. We'd definitely been watched, and hadn't cared. Even back then Lucy had hinted towards an exhibitionist side.
Back at the hotel, despite the tension, we kept our hands to ourselves and with the exception of the occasional kiss, glance or caress in passing, we refrained from fucking each other's brains out again. It went unsaid but we both knew what each other was thinking: we were saving ourselves.
We took showers separately. Shaving and cleaning alone this time.
I came out of the shower, the towel round my waist to see Lucy standing in front of the long mirror, clad in a too short towel, alternating the two dresses in front of her. Dark eye-liner brought out her eyes. Her makeup made her look even more beautiful and sexy.
"The short one gets my vote, every time."
"I don't know. It's really short though. And really shows off my boobs. Maybe if I was still in my 20s."
"You still look like you're in your 20s. You can carry it off. Trust me."
"Everyone will see what I'm wearing underneath."
I grinned.
"Simple solution to that. Wear nothing."
"You're terrible. You'd have your wife go out, in this short slutty dress, practically see-through, with no underwear on."
"Proudly."
"I don't know know. I'll have a think."
"You look stunning in that other dress too you know. Fuck me, you look stunning in that towel. Whatever you decide, I've lucked out."
"And don't you forget it."
I was easy. Fitted shirt and tight trousers and smart shoes. I looked dapper. Lucy still stood undecided.
"Do it. You want to. If you didn't you'd have put on the red one by now."
And so she did, though she drew the line at wearing nothing else, putting on a cream silk thong that didn't do much to cover her. The dress cupped her large breasts beautifully, pulling them together and displaying them outwards and upwards to form an eye-catching cleavage that drew your eyes away from the obscenely short hemline of her dress.
She grabbed her small bag, "Ready?"
"Ready," I replied, and followed her out of the hotel room, mesmerised by her beautiful form, and butterflies over the thoughts of what this night might bring.
The sexy receptionist, back on duty, did a double take as we passed. Her eyes on Lucy, then an embarrassed smile,and her demure eyes ducked down as she caught me watching, then she cautiously flicked her eyes back up and we shared a guilty smile. Yes, we were going out like that. Yes, my wife looked stunning. Yes ... you do have a chance.
***
The restaurant was small, dark and intimate. Perfect. The waiter, a young handsome man who oozed professionalism and charm, led us to our table in a quiet corner and didn't bat an eyelid at Lucy.
"He's cute," Lucy said to me after our waiter had brought over our drinks and left with our order. Was that flirtation or professional friendliness, I wondered, as we shared a bit of easy banter. It was hard to tell.
At first Lucy kept adjusting her dress. Nudging it back up over her breasts; inching it down in a vain attenot to cover a little bit more thigh. From where he stood when he brought our food over, I reckon our waiter - Lucy in an overt bit of flirting found out his name was Ali - would have had a very good view down her elevated cleavage.
By dessert, we'd nudged our chairs closer and hands had gotten a little bit looser as the few drinks we'd had eased our inhibitions. The couples around us, wrapped up in their own relationship dramas, seemed not to notice my hand high on the inside of Lucy's thigh, her legs a little apart. Resisting, but not really.
"You're terrible."
"What?!"
"You know what."
The waiter, with impeccable timing, came over. I took my hand back.
"Can I get you anything else."
"Mmm, what else is there?"
"I can show you our extensive cocktail list."
Was it my imagination or had he emphasised the word cock?
We settled on a couple of shorts and knocked them back quick. Lovely as this place was, we were keen to move on.
"Anything else?"
I got the sense, and Lucy later agreed, that Ali was paying more attention to our table than to the others around us. Flattering really, he was a good-looking guy.
"Just the bill I think."
"Of course. I hope you two enjoy the rest of your night."
"Oh we will. Thank you, that was fabulous."
I settled up and left him a decent tip. A very friendly smile from him as he held the door open for us. The streets outside had got decidedly busier since we'd gone in for our meal. Music throbbed from bars and cars, and cheerful couples and groups swayed by. The noise and bustle of Saturday night. It was sexy and exciting and intoxicating and we snogged like teenagers in the middle of the pavement to the accompaniment of wolf whistles. My wondering hands brushed over the hem of her short dress, which had risen up slightly revealing her ass and her cream thong pants, and cupped Lucy's beautiful ass.
"I love you."
"I love you too."
We'd planned on hitting old haunts from our uni days. The gay club Gazelle had always had an awesome dance floor and DJs who'd played sexy, throbbing dance music. They'd done a straight night back in the day, but the gay nights had always been better. We'd loved it back then, both the music and the vibe, and we'd both enjoyed flirting with our wilder sides though nothing had ever come of it. It was free and easy and joyful, with a reputation for debauchery in the later hours. We both hoped it hadn't changed much over the years.
But first we dived into Striped for a couple of cocktails. The place had had a serious makeover. Gone were the tired leather seats and shoddy gantry. Now it was soft furnishings and intimate booths with backlit lighting and vintage portraits and mirrors. Glass shelves of expensive whiskies and craft gins, tequilas and rums. Aged and distorted mirrors opened the space up, giving it a trendy vintage feel, and letting you look around without it being too obvious. A stab of nostalgia hit us but it was such a sexy venue now that we loved it even better.
We sat in one of the dim booths, perfectly positioned for privacy, though a couple of mirrors gave us insight into other booths. And vice versa.
Lucy's hand lay on my leg as my arm reached round her back, my fingers gliding up and down her side.
"So..."
"Still up for this?"
"Yes. You?"
"Definitely."
"We'll just let what happens happen."
She smiles. "Oh it's definitely happening."
"We'll see honey."
"He was hot."
"Who?"
"Ali."
"Was he?"
"You know he was."
At that she runs her hand higher and squeezes my swelling cock through the denim.
"I can't wait to watch you get on all fours and get fucked by another man. God, the thought of it is making me so wet."
I just grin at her.
"Here. Feel."
She pulls her hand back. Takes an innocent drink from her espresso martini then drops her hand below the table and between her legs.
An intake of breath.
A moment later two wet fingers are between my lips.
"See?"
I suck on them.
She pulls away. In one of the mirrors I can see a couple watching but can't figure out from where.
"I can't decide if you'd prefer that to be a big, hard cock ...
"Or?
"Coated in cum."
"Do I have to decide?"
"Let's just see what happens darling."
We reflected on the meal, old times, new times, and once again replayed those nights at Gazelle where something could have happened but just didn't. It felt very, very different this time around.
Fragments of the mirror showed us bits of other couples. Some were watching. Others chatting. One was making out. Lucy sidled right up to me and I pulled her closer and kissed her hard. We could probably have had sex there but we held back, chests heaving, lips tingling. Swollen. Faces flush. My cock hard. Her pussy wet.
"Let's go dancing darling."
***
Music hit us as we entered Gazelle and Lucy swayed straight for the dance floor, her hips swinging and bare arms reaching up. I went to the bar and got us a couple of drinks. We were a bit tipsy by then.
The bar and dance floor were in the same place and the venue itself had been given a lick of paint, but aside from a bit of extra neon it seemed little had changed. Much darker than before. It felt like they'd turned the lights down further and upped the throbbing strobe. Dark corners of the club momentarily lifted from the gloom, revealing snapshots of limbs and heads and bodies before they vanished again into darkness. On repeat. Low cut and short dresses. Gooen bikini tops. A few men topless. There was quite a bit of flesh on show. I was already horny but this notched it up a level. It was incredibly arousing.
Tall drinks in each hand I went to look for my wife on the dance floor. There she was, dancing between two men when I got there. Not too close. Not too sleazy. Just dancing and big smiles all round as I joined the group and moved in. Not muscling in, just part of a mass of seething bodies. She put her arms around me and ground herself into me.
"Oh god I'm so horny," she shouted in my ear. "I'd fuck you on the floor right now if I could." Whether anyone heard or not, no one cared. We weren't the only ones grinding against one and other, then breaking up and revolving round the floor with strangers who for a moment or two shared an intimate smile, an intimate touch, and a happy grin.
Time moved on and we took a break by the booths, standing next to a group of women who definitely had eyes for Lynn. One had come onto her in the toilets she'd said. Smiles skirted between them.
Lucy's dress was turning heads though in this place it was far from the most outrageous outfit. She oozed class, though we were both starting to feel over-dressed. I didn't remember Gazelle being quite this openly sex obsessed. Times had changed a touch. i be loved it.
I tried not to look when two of the women near us started making out on the corner, hands everywhere while the other two in that quartet just chatted nonchalantly as the other two kissed passionately next to them. Hands cupped breasts and ran between legs. The other lady rocking forward as she rubbed herself on her partner's hand. Occasionally they'd come up for air then dive back down. I had to drag my eyes away, though I wasn't the only one watching. Lucy was transfixed. It definitely had the air of a performance.
"Let's get a drink," said my wife after a while and we snaked our way back to the bar.
As I ordered, I heard my wife shout, "Oh hi!", and when I turned around I saw her arms round the neck of the waiter Ali, who'd served us earlier in the evening. He'd shed his whites and was now standing in a tight shirt and next to another handsome man, who like Ali was about 10 years younger than us. Lucy's dress had ridden right up again, revealing her round ass and the silk thong that rose up the centre of her cheeks, slicing her perfect ass.
"Hey," I said and we all gave hugs as if we were best friends. Ali's hand lingered on my side. My hand rove over Lucy's now bare ass. Neither of us bothered to pull the hem back down.
Ali introduced us to his boyfriend Ritchie.
"So did you like your meal?"
"Loved it," I said.
"Service was wonderful," said Lucy and we all had a good laugh. It felt very loaded.
I got them both a drink and we chatted small talk about the city and who did what and why we were visiting. We were all quite touchy-feely. Hands lingered on arms, on shoulders, around waists. We leaned in close to shout a few words here and there as the music pumped.
"So you're married," said Ali.
"Yes."
"But you're in a gay club?"
"Yes. We love it here."
"Interesting."
"They have a straight night you know."
"Not as fun."
"OK ..."
Ali looked to Ritchie, who smiled and nodded.
"Fancy a foursome?"
I nearly spat out my drink! While the thought of some new adventure had been on the cards I don't think either of us was expecting him to be so forward. Well, not this early on in the night. We both looked at each other and knew what our answer was.
"I meant for a dance," he said, hands out in mock shock, but smiling in a way that said he was most certainly not talking about a dance.
I looked at Lucy.
Then at Ali and Rich.
"Most definitely," I said and motioned for us all to go the dance floor. "After you."
We massaged our way through the throng on the dance floor, which was much busier than before. Bodies pressing against us until we made a bit of space where we could dance together. Close and tight together, with Lucy surrounded by us three men. She had her back to me and I had my hands round her hips as she swayed facing Ali, with his boyfriend Ritchie on our side and as the next few tracks dropped we all swayed and lifted our arms and spun and smiled and laughed and swirled until it was my turn in the middle. More people had pressed us in together. It was difficult to see. I was now facing Lucy with her hands around me and I could feel other hands on my hips and another body behind me. As the throbbing mass pulsed and strobe light flickered, bodies pushed into each other and I felt hands under my T shirt, up over my nipples, down my chest and brushing over my cock. Ritchie I assumed, as I could see Ali behind my wife. His face over her shoulder, his lean body behind her and his hands clearly roaming her body though the way we were standing only Ritchie and myself could really see, though others could surely have guessed.
As my hips moved against Ritchie I could feel his cock hardening as he pulled me into him and my own cock swelled under the pressure of his wandering hands and from the sight of Ali's hands moving around the hips of my wife under the fabric of her skirt.
He shouted in her ear and she nodded. Eyes to me. Biting her bottom lip. His hands moved round towards her pussy. She pushed forward into me and I felt his own hands against me as he started rubbing my wife's cunt. Her head rested back on his shoulder and her flush breasts pressed against me. I felt her breath on my cheek.
His hands pushed down, deep, and inside her. He looked straight at me, smiling, I felt an ache inside me. Looked at Lucy, her face in heaven, then moved in and kissed her, lips open, tongues pressing, as a relative stranger rubbed his fingers over my wife's pussy, his arms pressing against my own hardening cock.
I'm not sure how obvious it was to those dancers around us but no one seemed to care. There was plenty of others kissing, making out, hands wandering.
I felt Ritchie's hands on my hips. Swinging against me to the deep, urgent beat. His hard cock pressed against my ass. I pushed against him.
Ali's hands moved faster. Lucy's head fell against my shoulder. She bit into my neck.
"Fuuuuuuck," she cried out, as she orgasmed and shuddered into me. Then she turned and wrapped her arms around Ali and head to the side pushed her lips onto his and French kissed him deeply.
I turned to Richie. Hard and horny. We stared at each other. Then we moved in and kissed. Deep and full on the lips. I came up for breath. I'd never kissed another man before. "Let's get the fuck out of here," I shouted.
***
Our hotel was literally round the corner, and as we swiped through the security door the receptionist, also attractive but not quite right, glanced up, raised an eyebrow then went back to his phone.
Those 30 seconds or so in the lift were tense. We all stood in silence, us three males leaning against a wall. Lucy in the middle, gently swinging. Moments of agonising eye contact between us all until the lift opened and we strode out.
I unlocked our suite room door and held it open for Lucy, followed by Ali and then Ritchie. I shut it behind us.
Days, if not weeks of tension between Lucy and I was on the verge of bursting. The club had been a taster. The host in me wanted to offer a glass of something to drink. We had Prosecco in the fridge.
Ali eyed the bed. "It's huge."
"Mmm, hmm," replied Lucy, biting her lip. I didn't think she had the furniture in mind.
Lucy made the first move. She sat in the armchair by the bed. Even with her legs closed demurely I could see that somewhere along the way she'd lost the strip of fabric that had once been falsely advertised as underwear.
Us three men stood close by, next to the side of the bed, certain of what was about to happen but unsure of how to start. I could feel my erection building and my throat was dry. Felt my heart pounding. Ali adjusted himself. Ritchie cleared his throat.
"Take your clothes off Mal."
I looked at me wife. Her legs now slightly open, a dark inviting gap where the top of her thighs met the hem of her short dress.
The T-shirt came off first. Both men moved towards me. Then my shoes and socks. Ali's hand reached out across my chest. I felt Ritchie go for my belt, unbuckling it with an easy clink. Trousers undone and pushed down by three pairs of hands. I stepped out of them, then my pants.
My swollen cock swung out straight and hard in front of me. Ali and Ritchie eyed me. Eyed my cock. Their hands on my chest and back and ass but not going near my swollen member.
"Make Ali and Ritchie feel welcome Mal.
"Undo their trousers.
"I want to watch you suck their dicks."
Ritchie was halfway there when his lively looking cock popped out from his pants. I turned to Ali who smiled at me. Both my hands undid his buckle. Then undid his trousers, pushed them down with the sides of my hands, my palms over his hips. Even under his pants I could see the impressive outline of his large cock. I pushed his pants down over it and it sprung up. I'd only seen a dick that big in pornos.
"Wow," I heard myself say.
I knelt and wrapped my hands around Ali's dick and turned to Ritchie, putting my other hand around him.
They moved closer, arms outreached. They embraced and started kissing lustfully as I played with both their dicks.
Above me, shirt buttons were coming undone and Ali lifted and pulled off Ritchie's T-shirt, rubbed his hands over his smooth, taut muscular chest.
Ritchie's hand rested on the back of my head. I felt a gentle pressure pushing me into him and from over by the corner, Lucy's voice, heightened with excited tension, "Go on, I know you want to."
I really did. I lent over and kissed the head of Ritchie's swollen cock, then moved my mouth down and over it. It felt amazing. I felt him tense and swell as my lips and tongue moved along him. I sucked and salivated over him, my hand rubbing back and forth in tandem with my head. I felt three sets of eyes on me. I felt this was a performance, so I tried to give Ritchie the blow job of his life.
But I could feel the calling of Ali. I felt another hand on my head pull me away and off Ritchie and then I was face to face with his long and thick cock.
I felt my mouth stretch, and I gagged when the soft hardness of his head reached the back of my throat. I lifted off it for breath, then lent forward again.
"Ah fucking yes," he moaned and I felt my own saliva drool from my chin as he started to face-fuck me, his hands on either side of my face now, pumping me back and forth.
"Go on, take that fucking dick."
It was the right side of rough. I fucking loved it.
I felt a stab of guilt for Ritchie and tried reaching out for him, but I needed both my hands on Ali's waist, a barrier to him pushing deeper than I could manage. Still he tried. Still I loved it. My cock was rock hard and I delighted in the feeling of being naked in front of my wife and these two relative strangers. I started moving my ass, gently rocking it as Ali's big cock fucked my face.
Then I felt a hand between my legs, reaching for my shaved balls and cock. It pulled my skin back. Squeezed my balls. Then grabbed my cock again and pulled me up on to all fours.
Ali had sat down on the bed by now. I had both arms resting on the mattress propping myself up as I bobbed on his cock, my ass now exposed. Eager.
The sudden sharp shock of a slap. Then the sound of spit. Then a wet winger at my anus. I pushed back hungrily on it. The slight stretch of another.
"Here."
Lucy, ever thoughtful, had passed over lube. I felt the cool liquid on and then in me, as Ritchie probed around with his fingers. I knew what was coming next, and I couldn't wait.
Months of waiting and the recent build-up all come to this moment as Ritchie pushed his slick, lubed cock against me. Eagerly I pushed back, relaxed. I felt him pull my cheeks apart and then a stretch and oh my god how I moaned as his hard dick slid in me.
"Oh fucking wow," said Lucy. "That's the hottest thing I've ever seen."
I had my hand on Ali's cock, pulling the skin back as I did my best to keep the lush purple head of his cock in my mouth.
Ali lay back, his eyes on me at first but I looked up and over and he was also looking at my wife. Her legs now wide apart, her pink pussy lips swollen, her mouth eager as she watched me, her husband of ten years and a day get spitroasted.
My ass was slapped and then Ritchie had both hands on my hips and rocked forward and back, his iron-hard cock sliding in all the way into my eager ass. Each time he bottomed out I moaned on Ali's dick. I was in heaven.
Ritchie began to pick up the pace and as I jerked back and forth I came off Ali's cock. My hands slipped to the side as I lay my head on the bed, my ass high, and lost all inhibitions and cares as Ritchie dove into my ass again and again. I became aware of Ali shuffling off to the side and so I moved further up the bed with each hard thrust from Ritchie.
Now naked, Ali stood up and walked slowly across to my wife. His taut muscular body looked beautiful. His huge rod of a cock pointed out from him. Lucy gingerly reached out. Our eyes locked, she wrapped her hand around it, still sopping with my saliva, and began to gently jerk him off.
"You have a really big dick, Ali," she said, addressing Ali but smiling at me.
She stood up, her fuck me dress around her waist, resting on her hips, and guided Ali back to the bed. She pushed him down on his back right next to where I was now moaning loudly on the bed, my ass being fucked by Ritchie.
She seductively slid the dress over her hips and let it fall to the fall, then brought a knee on to the bed, then the other.
With both hands on Ali's chest she lifted a leg over his body, her pelvis above his centre. Her wet pussy and swollen pink lips inches above Ali.
"Grab his dick Mal."
Ritchie paused. I reached out and held it vertical as Lucy lowered herself on to Ali's large dick. I watched with lust as her wet lips took in his purple head, as her cunt expanded and widened round the hard pole I was clutching at the base.
"Oh my god. Fuck that feels so big. Can you see how stretched my cunt is husband?"
"Yes," I grunted. I watched it slowly slide into her.
"I'm going to ride this magnificent cock while you get fucked and then you're going to clean me up."
"Yes."
Ali's hands had reached up to Lucy's full breasts and he caressed them as she started to rock back and forth, not quite taking his full length, but near enough.
"Turn over," Ritchie said
I lay alongside Ali as Ritchie raised my legs over his shoulders, his hand pressed down on my thighs as he pushed into me.
Lucy reached over and grabbed my cock.
"You're so fucking hard. So sexy watching you take his beautiful dick."
The talking between us phased out. Replaced by guttural moans as our four sweaty bodies rocked and slid and thrust together. Hands roamed. Sweat glistened. Tongues licked. Lips kissed.
The feeling of Ritchie's long pole sliding in and out of me. Someone's hand on my cock. The occasional pinch of a nipple. Ritchie's thighs against the back of mine as he thrust in. The sight of Lucy riding Ali. Her outer labia pink and engorged and glistening. His cock, soaked with my wife's juices, stretching her. Ali and Ritchie staring at each other.
"I love you," one of us said.
"I love you too."
"This is so fucking hot."
"I'm so close."
"Me too."
"Me too."
"I'm coming."
"Oh god I'm coming."
Ritchie came first. I felt his hot cum erupt in my ass and he rocked furiously into me, nudging me forwards onto the bed with each rapid jerk. Only to be be pulled back again as he withdrew for another long thrust.
Lucy's orgasm was building and building and she rocked back and forth hard and hard and with a great cry Ali exploded into her. Leaking white cum into her that seeped out of her and down his dick as she herself arched back, clutching her breasts and let out a cry that was borderline a scream as she orgasmed for almost a minute on our waiter.
Too much for me - I'd felt the orgasm in my ass rise and rise and rise but not quite there and as Ritchie jerked me I exploded all over my chest.
Lucy fell on top of me.
Ritchie withdrew and nestled up to Ali.
And the four of us lay like that, laughing quietly. Hands stroking one another.
"Happy anniversary."
I shuffled down and started to kiss Lucy's breasts. My hand reached down to her soaked and swollen pussy. I felt Ali's cum in and around her. I moved down, kissed her belly, felt her hand on my head give a gentle push of encouragement.
She lifted a leg over me and curled it round my shoulders and pulled my head into her. Cum coated her outer labia, bright pink, and seeped out of her vulva. I lowered my head down and flicked the tip of tongue over the hood of her clit. Then I pushed my head into her and kissed her cunt probing with my tongue and lapping at the cum. Tasting her sweet, salted, pungent cream pie. I was rock hard again.
Out of the corner of my eye I could see Ali and Ritchie masterbating each other. Glances at me as they kissed and hands rubbed over their chests. Lucy had her head back in ecstasy.
I kissed and licked and sucked her pussy, savouring the sweet tang of Ali's cum, and as I did she started to rock her hips on my face as I probed her clit with my tongue and lips, she pulled my head into her as she came on my face, crying out and her thighs squeezing my head. She released me and let out a slow, mellow satisfied sigh.
Both men lazily stoked the other's cock, watching our performance.
"That was sexy."
"You're very beautiful Lucy."
"Come her." My wife reached down, soft hands on either side of my wet face and willed me up and onto her. Her legs wide open, her hand reached down and pulled me into her. My cock slipped in easily. The warm feeling of her slick and soaking cunt felt ecstatic. I thought I was going to explode. I could feel the orgasm moments away. We didn't move. She just held me there, enjoying this intimate sensation and the feeling of our bodies together, Ali and Ritchie watching. Then I slid slowly out of her, then pushed in again with my hips.
"Oh you feel so good Mal."
Ali came off the bed. I could sense him behind me. Ritchie lay there stroking his cock.
"I think Ritchie really enjoyed fucking your tight ass Mal."
I looked over my should and could see Ali standing right behind me. His enormous dick pointing straight at me.
I looked back at Lucy. She grinned eagerly.
Ali slapped me. Then gently stroked me. Then I felt his fingers graze over my hole, still wet and slick with Ritchie's cum. Ali slid in a finger, pushing me deeper into Lucy.
"Not so tight now though."
He pulled out and so did I. Then I felt a second finger pushed in, deeper, and I thrust into Lucy with a gasp and a grunt.
"As I fingered your wife's pussy in the club Mal, do you know what she whispered to me?"
His fingers moved up and down, stretching my ass.
"She told me that you loved getting fucked in the ass. That you were a total fucking slut for it."
I groaned yes. Fuck, I was in heaven.
I stayed deep in Lucy but the small movements Ali was making had my pelvis grinding against the outside of her pussy. She squeezed her muscles and pulsed my cock.
"Can you feel that?" she whispered.
"Fucking hell yes."
She started to grind against me. Ali I felt now had three, possibly four, fingers in me. Then he withdrew suddenly. I felt empty, and hungry for what I knew was coming. I pulled my ass back in eagerness.
I heard the clip and squirt of the tube of lube, then I felt Ali's weight on the bed as he knelt behind me.
I went up on my elbows to take the weight off Lucy. My cock was still deep in her, and she gently ground against my pelvis bone. My ass felt open, exposed. I was eager and hungry. In all honesty, I was gagging for this cock.
I felt his cock nudge my anus. The tip slid against the outside, pressed on my opening. Then a soft pressure, then a push, and he was inside me, and Christ!
I grunted and grimaced for a moment, then I pushed back and relaxed.
"You're so fucking sexy," Lucy whispered up to me.
Ali pushed again, slowly, and then his cock eased in, sliding in for what seemed like forever. My eyes almost rolled right back. I grunted and moaned long and low.
Ali ceased. Paused for a moment, but I was already for him. I wanted fucked and everyone in that room knew it.
He pulled out a touch then pushed all the way in and rested on my back. He leant over me and looked down at Lucy.
"Hi."
"Hi."
"Your husband has a very sexy ass."
"Yes. Glad you like it."
I moved to the side, shifting my weight slightly off Lucy.
I hadn't expected this but I didn't care either. Ali leant over me, brought his head down and past my shoulder. Lucy lifted her head and he and my wife French kissed passionately, mere inches from my face. Tongues darted amid widening lips. My heart stung for a moment though it was an incredibly sexy sight. Lucy started to contract her vagina, squeezing my cock, and Ali pushed deeper into me.
I looked at Ritchie over to our right, propped up against the bed, naked, legs splayed, his hard cock in his hands, eyes transfixed.
There was a jealousy there too, but we were too far down this road of wanton lust to really take notice of it. I pushed back against Ali and his glorious dick, withdrawing from my wife. Sandwiched between them I rocked my hips very slightly back and forth.
The kiss stopped.
"You feel him move."
"Yes."
"He's such a slut, he wants my cock so bad."
"Yes."
"Like you did."
"Yes."
"I'm going to fuck him so hard."
"Yes."
He rode me slow at first. Each time his long cock went into me it brought me closer to the deep, deep orgasm I've only had this way. I could feel its slow build. I craved it.
Then he jerked deep and hard as he bottomed out. I thrust forward, Lucy pushed up. He withdrew and my ass followed up after up, sliding out of Lucy.
She edged away and out from under me. She lay next to Ritchie and I got on all fours.
Ali wrapped his hands around my hips and and began to fuck me hard. He drilled in hard and energetically. Thrusting with his slick rod again and again. I lost myself and moaned out load with each thrust.
Lucy and Ritchie in front of me began to masterbate. I barely noticed. Then it dawned on me that we were the show and that turned me on even more.
I could take his cock easily at this point.
"Oh god, yes fuck me."
"Slap my ass."
"Fill me up with that monster cock."
"Give it to me."
"Harder, yes, harder."
"Fuck, yes, like that."
I said all that and more amid the wet slapping sound but I couldn't help myself and didn't care anyway as that deep orgasm from within me loomed closer.
My cock, rock hard, swung and slapped against me as I was jerked back and forth.
And then it was there. I was on the cusp. The anal orgasm I craved - am craving for - began to ripple through me. I lay flat on the bed with Ali on top and as his last few thrusts into me I said
"Oh god I'm coming."
"Oh god I'm coming."
"Oh fuuuuuuuuuck yeeeeessssss."
Like an unstoppable wave it crashed through and over me. I lost control of my arms and legs and everything as I moaned and grunted and yelled out and came.
I felt the cum pulse out of my cock but the orgasm burst through me from deeper inside. Ali's cock burst, spurting cum in my ass as he grunted and ground into me. Lucy's hands worked a fury against her clit, two fingers inside her, and her head reached back and top lip bitten back, as spunk spurted across Ritchie's chest.
I lay there spreadeagled, panting. Pulses of the remnants of orgasm radiated through me. I felt the wet cum on Ali's cock as it slid out of me and over my ass, now so empty.
"Oh wow. Oh fucking wow," Lucy said eventually as she crawled over to me and gently kissed the side of my head. "That was so intense."
Ali sidled up to Ritchie. Kissed him. A reassurance. I wasn't really aware of all this at the time. Just remembered those details afterwards, after that electric explosion of bliss and energy.
I dozed off. Somebody went to the loo. Lucy lay on top of me, hugged and cradled me. Ali and Ritchie spooned. Then I was aware of whispering, kissing, and of the two men getting up and getting dressed.
Long kisses between us all, even Ritchie and Lucy. No pangs of jealousy. "Next time you're through, look us up."
And with that the two men left the room and the door clicked shut and Lucy and I, naked, lay tight close together on the bed, my ass raw and loose, her arm around me, and a pleasing ache throughout my body as we drifted off and into a deep and erotic sleep.