Brunette on Blonde, Part 1 - The Brunette
This was the original story I had intended to be a standalone. An anonymous comment however made me think about a sequel. The subsequent new backstories led the timeline forwards and backwards.
The stories should be read in sequence to get the full effect. Later parts will not make full sense without knowledge of the earlier parts. The original story has been divided into two, more manageable chunks.
This first part is about delaying sex, so it takes its time to get to it. Move on if you prefer instant gratification.
All participants were over 18..
The First Day
It was the Seventies, just as cheap flights were opening up holidays for the more adventurous to exotic locations. Yet British holiday camps were still the place for ordinary peoples' vacations in Britain. This particular camp was unusual in being on an island off the French coast although decidedly British in nature. Its vibe was somewhere on the spectrum betweenDirty DancingandHi De Hi. Based around a hotel on a clifftop above a picturesque bay, most campers were accommodated in chalets; some deluxe versions even had ensuite facilities. For the others it was communal toilet and shower blocks set away from the chalets.
The Kerslakes were booked into the hotel, which was not as grand as it may sound. Ben Kerslake was an insurance broker in the City. He affected the pretentious air of a City gent, but he was in reality little more than an over-paid clerk. Peggy was a stay-at-home mum, who did charity work and was a prominent figure in the local Women's Institute.
Heyday Holidays hotel was like a large, extended Edwardian house. It had two wings with odd-shaped bedrooms containing washbasins. Full facilities were to be found down the end of the corridor, but it was comfortable.
As a singleton, Alex had a twin-bedded room to himself, being too old to share with his parents. Having his own bedroom could have presented possibilities, had it not been for his incipient shyness with young women. Being 18, this would be his last holiday with his parents before university that Autumn; a milestone he intended to be the start of a new life
They had arrived on an early morning flight on Saturday, which was the traditional changeover day for holiday camps. Alex dumped his suitcase in the room and immediately set off exploring. The sea was the main draw and he headed off in that direction.
The holiday camp complex nestled (perhaps it is still there) on a high cliff with panoramic views over a picturesque horseshoe bay, two-thirds surrounded by the cliff. Little of the bay and none of the beach could be seen from the cliff top, which gave it an air of mystery to newcomers.
The hotel had been built several hundred yards from the cliff edge. The holiday camp had hedged its bets on potential cliff erosion by building the chalets around and behind the hotel, an appreciable distance from the cliff edge. The sacrificial intervening space was used as a sports and games green.
The bay was an impressive sight, being two-thirds enclosed by the high rocky cliffs . Facing south west, nature had carved it out into a spectacular horseshoe shape. The opening to the bay compressed tidal sea water entering and leaving the semi-enclosed arena, creating a tidal race at the mouth. That made swimming near the bay's entrance treacherous at times, though the water closer to the beach was safe and relaxing. The centuries of tides had created a magnificent, sloping, crescent-shaped sandy beach, piled highest against the cliff walls at the back of the bay. It was - maybe it still is - a perfect holiday location when the sun shines.
Access to the beach was by a shallowly sloping cliff path with occasional steps, cut into the craggy walls of the cliff. Next to the clifftop entrance to the path was a café-cum-gift shop, most of whose customers would be camp residents due to its isolated location. The shop's business plan looked smart: catch them on their way down to the beach to get them to buy inflatables, and buckets and spades; and be a focal point of their interest when the beach is inaccessible due to bad weather or at high tides. There was another, smaller kiosk down at the bottom of the cliff path in the bay at the rear of the beach, on a short raised jetty, but it only opened at those times in the day when tide allowed access to the beach.
Caution was advised since the relatively narrow opening to the bay could cause fast water flows on onrushing and outgoing tides.
At high tides, only the highest part of the beach would remain uncovered, well away from the foot of the cliff path. The rest of the beach would be submerged. That made the whole area inaccessible on foot at those times. Accordingly, a notice board at the clifftop entrance to the path warned of the risks of getting cut off on the beach. The board included a clock face with moveable hands which was adjusted twice daily to show the times of the high tides. Below the clock was a notice. "The cliffs and beach are subjected to occasional rock falls. All persons going down to the beach do so at their own risk and should take care at all times. Do not use the beach during high tides. Heyday Holidays accept no responsibility for your safety in this public area."
On that first day, Alex stood at the entrance to the cliff path, reading the notice board, his pulse racing with excited anticipation. But the clock was showing a mid-afternoon high tide. That explained why there was a largish group of older teens milling around and chatting outside the gift shop, instead of being on the beach. There were about a dozen of them, chatting, joshing and jostling each other playfully; the remnants of the previous week's intake. Most of them sported tans or areas of redness which suggested that they were second-weekers. Several turned to appraise him, as his pale skin instantly gave away his newbie status. It was daunting to run the gamut of their collective scrutiny, and he quickly retreated into the shop. A youth made some witty remark as he passed, which provoked loud mirth.
Alex assumed that it had to be something disparaging about him.
The shop was piled high on one side with tourist tat: souvenirs, straw hats, shorts, beach ware and buckets and spades. Tables were laid out in the larger, café side for partakers of teas, coffees, snacks, or light meals.
The interior was hot, stuffy, and busy with queueing customers. He grabbed some sunglasses at random and joined the typically orderly British line to pay for them at two souvenirs' tills. In front of him stood a very large mountain of a man in tee shirt and shorts. The man was sweating profusely, no doubt from carrying so much weight which provided unwanted insulation on a warm summer's day like that. A furnace-like blast of heat from his body forced Alex to retain some distance between them.
The man's looming presence only made the already oppressive interior of the shop more overwhelming. After some puffing and tutting and shifting impatiently from one foot to the other, the impatient man gave up waiting and stepped out of the queue. It left a large gap that his monstrous form had commanded. Miraculously, the atmosphere was transformed by his departure.
The air seemed to cool - and at the furthest reach of that newly created space stood a divine, long-haired young blonde creature in a yellow stringy bikini. She had her back to Alex, and what a stunning sight it was. Hipster bikinis were all the rage in the Seventies, though they might appear dated today when high-waisted bottoms accentuate buttock cheeks and shorten exposed backs. Hipster bottoms teased more for what they implied but didn't reveal. They also showcased slim and elegant backs and small waists. This particular blonde sported a light golden tan on her mostly exposed skin. Alex admired her slim waist, and her curved hips, head-lined by the low-slung panties. Her shape from the rear looked sensational, making his impressionable stomach perform somersaults at so much gorgeous, exposed flesh.
An irritated cough from behind reminded him of another British trait: an aversion to even minimal gaps in a queue. He felt the overwhelming pressure of a legion of craning heads behind him, willing him to move forward to occupy the unused space - as if making the line shorter somehow speeded up the service. He coloured and shuffled forwards. That brought him closer to the young vision in the skimpy bikini. His eyes fixed on the hint of bottom cleavage peeping out from above her skimpy panties. She exuded a subtle but heady odour of fragrant body and perfume. She was the type of inaccessible female that he would instinctively shrink away from in any situation. But now he was within inches of her: an absolute dream of a young woman who should be on a pedestal and not in the prosaic environment of a holiday camp shop.
Alex was not accustomed to being close to such exposed female flesh. His body instantly reacted embarrassingly to its teasing proximity. He was literally trembling with the experience of what he was witnessing. All the slack in his shorts was quickly commandeered by his swelling manhood. He guessed that she was about his age, but far more stunning than any girl he had ever seen before, perhaps would ever see again. Even from behind, he was convinced that she must be impossibly beautiful. He steeled himself, though because, from past experience, her front might well be a disappointment. Nobody could be that all-round gorgeous. Some sixth sense caused her to turn her head, perhaps to look back at whatever had happened to the heavily breathing, sweaty monster who had lately stood so close behind her. Her eyes locked onto his, then swept down and up his body. He shrank mentally from her spellbinding gaze.
Yet he had been wrong, her face was strikingly beautiful, in an understated, naturally perfectly proportioned way. She was simply exquisite from any and every angle. Her half-turned shoulder also revealed a sideways view of a captivating cleavage between two firm and perfectly rounded breasts, probably 'C' cups. The bikini top clearly had no reinforcing, which those outstanding breasts simply did not need.
Alex wanted to retreat into a protective ball under her prolonged, piercing gaze. To be found wanting as a physical specimen by such a vision of unparalleled beauty felt a cruel confirmation of his inadequacy.
But she smiled, or was it a smirk? She turned to face front, and he could breathe again.
The memory of that first sight of her did not diminish across the decades, but he many times particularly recalled her light golden brown tan, and the finely, minute golden down on her lower back, which was picked up by the sunlight streaming in through an open skylight. Her body was a temptation too far to touch, yet was like a magnet to his itching fingers, to caress and explore.
Fortunately, they were both served at that point at the adjacent tills. He sneaked a quick glance at her from the side. She was insanely beautiful. She had a straight nose, large eyelashes, and generous lips, to add to the sexy side profile of her body he had previously enjoyed. She must have sensed him looking for she turned her head to glance at him again. Her full-on face She was impossibly beautiful. She seemed quite out of place in such a commonplace environment as a holiday camp. She was more suited to the glamour of the Cote d'Azur, on the deck of a yacht of some millionaire. Her hazel eyes perfectly complemented her tanned skin and blonde hair. Those eyes enticed with their natural, come-on suggestiveness. This was a young woman accustomed to being admired, and polite enough to acknowledge it with good grace.
He followed her out of the shop at a discreet distance. The group of youths seemed to swarm around her and swallow her up in their midst. Their collective mass began to drift off as if sharing a collective mind, with her at its epicentre. She was screened closely by three young men in a curious triangular formation who thereby isolated her from the other girls; and more importantly, other men. From the looks of them he decided that they were the alpha males who would repulse any lesser interlopers. But which of them had the greatest chance of landing that prize? He assumed that this assorted collection of young adults had been together for a week, but had not paired off. Perhaps there had been no prize?
It was now apparent that they had been waiting outside the shop for her. Alex watched with fascination as young people chatted in twos or threes, but always kept within range of the blonde in their midst. They strolled back casually across the green towards the chalets. She struck Alex in one respect as seeming like a feminine pied piper. But in another way, she looked like a prisoner of her alpha guards. He wondered what it felt like to have such drawing power.
His swimming trunks felt tight and uncomfortable under his shorts so he returned to his room in the hotel to change. Try as he might he could not rid himself of the vision of that beautiful blonde.
Dinner in the dining hall was an absurdly pretentious affair. Holidaymakers dressed up to the nines despite the stuffy heat, as if to impress the other campers with their refinement. Then afterwards, most would decant to the clubhouse ballroom for an evening of low-class entertainments starting with bingo, followed by a motley variety of visiting entertainments from comedians, singers, dancing showgirls (costumes designed for family entertainment), speciality acts, and dancing to the 'resident band'. Every night had a different bill of itinerant entertainers.
Only after the kids were sent to bed did the resident band let their hair down and provide music and dancing for the grown-ups. It was quite remarkable how inventive and musical a five-piece band could be. The lead singer was also the camp Master of Ceremonies, a comedian as it happened, which explained why his singing was more karaoke than carrying a tune.
The main entertainment would be followed by a disco, supposedly for younger adults, with pulsing and swooping lights. But teens had to fight for floor space against parents and grannies trying to recapture something of their youth, in awkward or clumsy dance moves. It's different these days of course, with older adults as proficient at disco dancing as younger folk, but 'pop' music still divided the generations then, and the oldies had been brought up on a diet of ballroom dancing, crooners and easy listening.
Alex well knew the drill, replicated in camps across Britain; and the prospect of a week of it depressed him. He deserted his parents for some fresh air, as soon as it was decently possible. Outside in the fading August sunset, a little way off, some youths sat on or lounged against a low wall, chatting and joking. They were surrounded by young women in a semi-circle, talking to each other and pretending not to notice the men, but shooting shy glances at them from time to time, to spot if they were checking them out. This behaviour would have been manna to any aspiring anthropologist.
A smaller group had drifted away from the main throng. A trio of cooler guys were arranged in a semi-circle around the blonde, chatting to each other, but occasionally aiming comments or questions at her. Alex could not decide once again whether she was holding court or surrounded as a prisoner of her alpha male admirers. Her expression was inscrutable. Two other brave females had joined the group, and were showing off, but were not having much impact with the alpha males. Females from the wider group shot occasional envious glances at the alpha-male group.
Alex had agreed under protest to come on holiday with his parents, but reluctantly consented with a secret mission in mind: to get laid before he went off to university; call it his pre-university primer. The portents were not looking good so far. He tended to be intimidated by cliques, and avoided them wherever possible.
So he was somewhat surprised when a pretty dark-haired girl on the periphery of the alpha group started to show a particular interest in him. First it was the odd glance, followed by more intense stares which never wavered, even when he returned them. He had positioned himself a little way off from the second group, doing his best to look cool and disinterested at the goings-on of the gathering.
But Alex was feeling exposed, a loner.
When she was sure that she had his attention the brunette slid the toe of her right foot forward on the ground, tracing an arc in the dust, staring down at it then intermittently shooting him rapid glances. Her body language didn't make any sense to him, but his staring at her feet confirmed to her his interest in her. She looked about eighteen, wearing a loose tee shirt tucked into a denim miniskirt. It wasn't clear what sort of upper body she was toting in that loose top, but her legs and hips looked interesting.
He was sorely tempted to saunter over and try to chat her up, but there was no way that would be possible without it looking too obvious. A more confident individual would of course not have thought twice about doing so. Instead, he turned away. He persuaded himself that he needed to do an exploration of the camp's other facilities. The camp path lights were coming on in the dusk. Sounds carried further in the twilight and deepening gloom. Echoing laughter seemed to follow him mockingly.

~*~*~

He had walked some distance when a quietly-spoken voice behind him called out, "Hallo?"
It was female, and on this otherwise deserted path it could only have been directed at him.
He turned to check out its owner. It was the brunette, who must have followed him. She had halted a few feet behind him and she was smiling and a little out of breath. A thought struck him: agirl had approached him; she had made the first move. It was not the first time it had happened, but was rare enough to surprise him.
"Are you going anywhere special?" Her smile lit up her face. She was very pretty, in a natural sort of way.
He volunteered a shy smile in return, telling himself: keep calm, try to look cool and think of something smart to say.
"Anywhere else seems a special place to be just now."
He thought:Damn, that was pathetic. I should try again.
"Actually, nowhere."
"So am I....," she spoke in a low voice, "having nowhere to go, I mean." She giggled nervously. Her face reddened.
He chuckled at her subtle wit. "Then can we go nowhere together?"
She pondered that suggestion, probably trying to make sense of any hidden meaning.
"When will we know when we get there?" A teasing smile flitted across her face.
This was a definite flirtation, showing wit as well. His body trembled at the possibilities. "I think it will be fairly obvious, when we do."
She was his kind of girl: smart and pretty.
"Have you been nowhere before?" she enquired.
"Often, but I was thinking that I'd rather be somewhere - anywhere - instead."
"That bad, huh?"
"Chronic."
She contemplated his plight, then added, "I was here last week. It was a washout. I didn't meet anyone I liked, so I mostly just hung around with the others. It was pretty dull.
"My Aunt Penny brought me. She persuaded my parents to let me off the leash and go on holiday with her. She promised them that she would look after me, then she promised me in private that I could do whatever I wanted."
Alex and Rachel had fallen naturally into step with each other, side by side. He was exhilarated, and content to let this intriguing girl do the talking.
"My aunt's a free spirit, or so she says. She's single, divorced, and on the lookout for a man. I told her that here was the last place she'd find one, but she's an eternal optimist. It's all couples and families; not a place for a mature single woman on the lookout for a man. Actually, it's not that great for most older teenagers either."
"Surely she knows the score with holiday camps?"
"Actually, no she doesn't. She usually holidays in up-market hotels in exotic places. This camp has been quite a shock to her, and a disappointment."
"So why did she come?"
"To give me some independence from my over-bearing parents."
So Alex wasn't alone in that respect, then.
"Anyway, Aunt Penny persuaded them that it would be good for me to get away before I go to university. She and her friends always holidayed in swish hotels, sometimes going abroad. My parents couldn't afford that sort of expense for me, so Aunt Rachel compromised on what sounded in the brochure like an upmarket holiday camp."
We both laughed at that self-evidently ridiculous notion.
"Sounds like an oxymoron."
"Like, scruffy chic."
"Virtual reality"
"Friendly fire."
"Almost exactly"
"Deliberate mistake."
"Good grief!"
"Dim recollection"
"Long shorts"
"Full bikini"
"Budgie smugglers."
They had been walking and chuckling amidst the banter, and Alex noticed with surprise that they were now holding hands. He looked down. Rachel sensed his glance and withdrew hers self-consciously. It felt like a brief social lifeline had been snatched away. He gently brushed the back of her hand dangling next to his hip. That mere touch sent a thrill coursing its way through his body. The back of her hand brushed gently up and down against his, provoking a spine-tingling reaction this time. Then she slipped her hand back in his.
She continued her narrative. "Aunt Penny now thinks that staying in chalets, even of "de luxe" standard, is very down-market. To be honest, I've got tired of her moaning and criticising."
"Have you spent much time together, then?"
"We did for the first few days, but all she wants to do is lie by the pool, work on her tan, and ensnare the men. She lets a lot of flesh out on display, for an older woman. So I started to hang around more with people my age. But that's turned out to be a bit of a drag as well."
"What is there for teenagers to do?"
"Well, of course, there's the beach. The sand is nice. It's also a chance to eye up the men in their trunks, and for them to gawp at us. There are also informal sports on the green. and silly outdoor games and competitions in the morning by the pool. Then there's table tennis and snooker in the main hall, and we can put sixpence in a slot to play the juke box. There's mealtimes of course. Oh and there's the ten o'clock evening disco, but that's just the compere feeding the juke box with sixpences. It sounded fun in the brochure but it's all actually quite dull. Stay here all week and you'll hear all the records seven times over, including the 'B' Sides!
"When I saw you, you looked interesting - different. You were all alone. I thought you might be a snob, but it was still worth checking you out. You're not, are you?"
"Er, thank you, no - or rather, perhaps just a bit. I'm just painfully shy. I was brought up that way; to not mix with other kids, because it was drummed into me that they would be a bad influence."
Rachel executed a noisily sympathetic intake of breath to signify her understanding. "Well, some of the females here can be a bit predatory, or desperate, and there's nothing more vulnerable to their claws than a fanciable male. To be honest, you looked quite tame and harmless in comparison, which is nice. So maybe I rescued you from a future mauling?"
He shook his head with an exasperated smile. "Well, thanks for destroying my self-image. I'm not a wimp, you know. I can stand up for myself. I just need a bit of Dutch courage to get started."
She put a finger to his lips; such a sweet, gentle and arresting gesture, to stop the world and live in the moment. "Don't say anything. Just let me look at you."
Her suddenly serious tone made his heart leap. Here was a young woman taking a special interest in him. And the more he returned her gaze, the prettier she looked. His heart, which had not stopped pounding since Rachel first accosted him, was beginning to over-reach itself with her close proximity and her curious aura.
Her unflinching gaze seduced him. "I like your eyes."
"All the better for seeing you with."
"And your smile; it's very...welcoming."
"All the better to seduce you with."
She gave him a playful punch on the arm. "You aren't making this easy for me! So, do you like the look of me?"
She really was forward.
"You're very pretty - but I don't know you. Maybe if I saw more of you." he replied with a faintly ambiguous smile, enough to show that he was teasing her and prepared to flirt.
She was pretty, but she had a dazzling smile. He couldn't see much of her body above her hips because she had it hidden in a shapeless tee shirt. Nevertheless, he was getting smitten.
"So Mr I-want-to-be-by-myself, what's your name?"
"Alex."
"Who else are you with?"
"Just parents."
She composed the mandatorily sympathetic look, and accompanied it with an understanding nod, like a doctor coming to a confirmatory diagnosis.
She cast a glance back at the now distant groups of young people. "You don't like those people do you?"
"It's not that. If I knew them I'd probably like some of them. I just don't like big groups. It tends to lead to cruel behaviour and bullying by the stronger characters. I prefer proper conversations to inane chit-chat about nothing. I didn't like that they made fun of me as soon as they saw me."
"You know why they're like that, don't you?"
I shook his head.
"Because you're not one of them and they're showing off to the girls. They want the girls to fancy them. So what they say isn't as important as how they posture when they're speaking. It's curious to see them acting like that. Some of the boys had girls last week who left today, so they're on the lookout for replacements. Some would have paired off for a couple of days then separated again. They're on display, and the women are circling, sizing them up. Some won't pair off at all, so they will just hang around aimlessly in the gang for another week, drawing in newbies to replenish the stock."
"Well observed. So why do you hang around with them? Are you an anthropologist?"
She laughed. "It's companionship, of a sort. I get on well with a couple of the girls."
Alex studied her more closely. Her face really was quite radiantly beautiful when she smiled. She had an interesting character, too. She showed promising signs of a lively mind. He felt his initial interest in her growing.
"So how did you get on last week?"
She grimaced. "You mean about boys? The less said, the better. I learn from my mistakes."
They had walked quite some distance by then, and he noted with surprise that they were still holding hands. It was surprising, comforting and it felt natural, even though they hardly knew each other.
But they soon would know each other a great deal more.
"Where are we going?" she asked.
"I hadn't thought. I should go to my room, and unpack."
"That has to be the most obvious come-on line ever."
"It wasn't intentional. I'm not like that."
"Pity, just when I was starting to get interested."
What did she mean? Alarm bells rang: forward female, unprotected sex, venereal disease. But his cock was pulsing and tingling. Her next words didn't help his self-control, adding more ambiguity .
"I'll come with you. See what you've got."
He hadn't intended to invite her to tag along. He had known her only about thirty minutes. Yet there was something about her open, frank nature that intrigued him. Besides, she didn't look like a 'tart'. Brushing her off now might embarrass her, or upset her. It might do her untold emotional damage. It would be so easy just to go with the flow. He could call a halt at any time.
She told him more of her life as they walked back to the hotel. He felt giddy at events seemingly getting out of control, yet excited too at the possibilities for the week ahead.
He opened the door to the hotel reception - always the perfect gentleman - indicated the location of the hotel stairs to his wing in a daze, and headed to the desk to collect his key. "Room 54, please"
By then he was too late to stop Rachel from climbing the stairs.
He was confused and embarrassed at her taking the lead and hurried to catch her up. She was halfway up the flight before he mumbled, "Sorry, I should have gone first."
She paused and turned to look at him. Her face bore a mischievous smile. "Why, because now you have to look up my skirt?"
"A gentleman doesn't look."
"That's good then, because my skirt is very short. Actually, a gentleman mightlook, but he should notsee."
She wasn't at all embarrassed at his staring up her short skirt. He couldn't stop himself either. He did it without thinking. His brain's curiosity outpaced his gentlemanly instincts. Sure enough, even in the shadow he could see the whole underside of her bottom cheeks which were fully on display from below. They looked roundedly plump and desirable from his vantage point. Her white panties were pulled up between her cheeks, giving the initial impression that she was knicker-less. His brain tried to fathom out that enigma. Then he realised that they must be high-sided panties, so their side bands would be concealed above the hem of her skirt.
"So you're not such a gentleman, then?"
Her words brought him back to the present. She was staring down at him gazing up at her exposed butt. He must have looked flustered at being caught because she chuckled. "That's the downside of short skirts; everything's on show from down below. Do you like what you see?"
She had stopped two thirds of the way up the stairs. He halted a few stairs below her. His body was trembling afresh at this spicy moment. His mating instinct burst to the fore, fanned by an emanation of arousal from her body. Her face looked strained. She was breathing heavily.
She arched her back and lifted her mini-skirt so that all of her hips and the whole of her bottom were now exposed. "I've never done this before," she half whispered, with a nervous giggle. "Look what you're doing to me." She made it sound like she was surrendering to his overpowering influence. But then she jigged her hips saucily.
He thought she was talking about having lifted her skirt. She wasn't, though, she was preparing him for her next move.
She slipped her panties down her hips and let them drop to the stair carpet. It took a few moments for his astonished imagination to comprehend what she had done. He was staring up at his first shadowy suggestion, of a naked pussy on a real woman, and from below. His eyes were glued to two fantastic gluteus orbs and the shadowy area in between. She giggled more easily this time, and resumed her climb. He assumed that he now had tacit permission to look, but her most important lady part remained in shadow.
He bent down and rescued her discarded panties. They felt damp to the touch at the crotch. That realisation sent a shiver through his torso. An alarm bell rang again in his brain, not for the first time. He must get control of this situation. He hurried after her, hoping to forestall her from taking matters any further. But she had heard him give his room number to the receptionist, and she was standing with her back to the door of Room 54 at the end of the corridor when he reached her. She stood between him and cowardly safety.
Matters had taken an unexpected turn. From seeming a modest young woman, Rachel suddenly seemed far too forward and dangerous. He had to avoid an unfortunate misunderstanding. Fortunately they were alone in the corridor.
He whispered, "We shouldn't do this. It isn't right."
She replied with a soft, enticing voice. "Do what? You were only going to show me your room. Could you not see that my panties were uncomfortable? Would you deny me the comfort of relieving myself of my discomfort?"
"Yes, er, no - well, if you put it like that. But we've only just met. I don't know you."
"Maybe not, but you've already seen more than any other man, apart from my doctor. Are you going to open the door?"
He stared at her resolute face, disbelieving that anything about her now could be innocent.
She disguised her pounding heart very effectively. She was also camouflaging her own innocence with this daring charade. She shrugged. "Oh well, if you insist on refusing me, shall I make it more embarrassing."
She pulled her tee shirt out from her waistband and lifted it off her head. He stared dumbfounded at her boldness. His eyes dropped instantly to her bust. She had large, reasonably firm breasts, kept in place by a low-cut white bra. He looked lower down. Below her exposed belly the denim skirt looked to be no wider than a scarf. She glared at him challengingly. "Well?"
He found himself breathing heavily. His heart was pounding with his dilemma, and his conflicting inclinations. He couldn't decide what to do. He knew what heshoulddo, but it was at odds with what he now desperately wanted. She impatiently grasped her waistband and twisted her skirt to bring the back to the front. With a deep and meaningful stare at him, she unzipped the waistband. He panicked as her pubic hair came into view in the 'Y' of the opened zip.
Suddenly, he could hear voices and muffled footsteps on the stairs. Shielding Rachel's body with his from the rest of the corridor, he reached around her waist and fumblingly located the keyhole. The large wooden room tag clattered noisily against the key ring and the door frame, drawing instant attention of anyone in the corridor. He succeeded shakily in opening the bedroom door, and he pushed Rachel bodily into the room. She giggled at the success of her sauciness.
The door closed by itself behind them. His push had caused her to stumble towards the bed. She recovered her balance and turned, still giggling.
"That was close!"
He shook his head with disbelief.
"What sort of man do you think I am? What sort of woman are you?" The words were heavy with implications, but his voice lacked conviction and his tone was soft, non-threatening. In reality, at that moment, he didn't give a damn. He was on the verge of achieving his most cherished ambition: getting a woman naked, and he hadn't even needed to try. Yet he was suspicious of matters developing quite so quickly.
"You're apparently the sort of man who looks up a woman's skirt; and I'm the woman who wants him to admire her and desire her."
She stood defiantly, holding the top of her parted miniskirt up by the waistband, with the vee of the opened zip hiding little in front. In the awkward silence she babbled with sudden insecurity. "I'm not usually like that - I acted on impulse. But youwerelooking up my skirt. You didn't have to, you know. I got excited. I've been waiting all week to find a boyfriend. My Aunt's been pressurising me incessantly to do so. Then, this just sort of happened."
Her voice quietened down. "Don't you like me then?"
She looked him up and down, then a devilish grin broke out on her pretty face. "Your friend seems to like me - a lot."
His trousers were tented with the fullest erection imaginable.
He moved closer to her and asked with incredulity, "Your Aunt wanted you to get laid?"
The question suggested absurdity. Rachel suddenly looked crestfallen. She wanted thoughtless action, not talk that would raise awkward issues.
"That was the main reason for the holiday: to help me out before I went to university. She said I should be in control for my first time. That, once I got to uni there would be drink, drugs, and I might lose my virginity without being in control. She said I had to know what was in store for me, and be prepared for it."
Her words stunned him. They sounded so matter-of-fact, passionless, and pre-meditated. Yet to his mind, the first time shouldn't be just a sex act, it should be lovemaking. He had assumed that he would have to want to make love to a woman before he could do it.
"I'll get dressed, and go. I'm so sorry..."
"No, don't. I spoke in haste. This is my fantasy. I've spent a lot of time thinking about it, but I'm a bit scared."
"What's there to be scared about?"
"Aren't you the least worried about losing your virginity?"
"I've wanted to do it for so long that sometimes it's all I think about. But I'm afraid, too. Because I don't always chatter, the other girls think I'm living with my brain in a cloud. It's not that; it's being pre-occupied with sexy thoughts a lot of the time. Believe me, I've sized up every available man here, but not been tempted - until now. The best ones got snapped up last week very quickly. My aunt lectured me yesterday. She demanded that I make a serious examination of my achievements over the last week. It was depressing. So when I saw you, I acted on impulse."
He pondered that. "When you came after me, did you have sex on your mind?"
Her face looked hunted now. He suspected that she now regretted her impetuosity. She might have placed herself in a dangerous predicament without thinking it through.
He suddenly felt sorry for her. He did the only thing he thought might console her. He pulled her to him and gave her a tender kiss. It felt strange to kiss a girl on his inexperienced lips - to kiss anyone like that, for that matter. Her lips felt surprisingly firm. He had always imagined women's lips to be soft and yielding.
At first, she felt reluctant, keeping her mouth closed and her body rigid. Then she relaxed and parted her lips. He felt her draw his breath into her. Tension seemed to leech from her body. The sensation of her opened lips against his drew his reticence out of him. It sent yet another shudder through his body. His tongue pushed its way inside her mouth. Her tongue met it, tip to tip; then slid under it and sucked it in. His body trembled with excitement, just from that first, passionate kiss. He felt a rustling movement at his knees, then at his feet. She put her arms around his neck and placed her palms on the back of his head. New sensations washed through him which were alien to an inexperienced virgin.
His hands dropped automatically to her waist. It was bare. His hands slipped further to her hips, also bare. With mounting excitement they moved at last onto her bottom cheeks. What his palms felt there made his body go haywire. His hips bucked. Her bottom was bare.
She had been holding up her mini skirt, but must have relinquished her grip when she raised her arms. He had felt it brush against his trouser legs as it fell. He realised with a rush of excitement that she was naked, but for her bra. But he could not yet enjoy the sight of her nakedness because her body was pressed against him.
He withdrew his lips and whispered, "Oh Rachel, your bottom feels so sexy."
She gave a nervous chuckle to indicate her appreciation for his comment. She kissed him, this time, pushing her bare hips hard up against trousers. She pushed up on her tip toes to help the bulge in his crotch push its way between her parted thighs. His body trembled and he felt hers shaking as well. This was a new experience for both of them.
His hands reached behind her back and pinched her rear bra clasp between his thumb and finger. He had rehearsed the mechanics of that technique many times in his mind; so it was with great relief that he felt the clasp unfasten in his fingers at the first attempt. Rachel took a deep intake of breath. He looked her in the eyes. They were wide, surprised. He knew then, that despite her bravado in losing her panties and her blackmail in the corridor, Rachel had not planned on getting entirely naked. Perhaps she had been swept along by her desires and instincts and not properly thought through the consequences until now?
He understood all that in an instant. He had his hands on her bra shoulder straps, but he did not attempt to slip them from her shoulders. For as long as she held her body against him, she would know that he couldn't stand far enough back to see her nudity. He could look away. They could reverse the undressing process. Perhaps that was the proper thing to do?
She made the decision for him. She took a deep breath and stepped backwards toward the bed, fixing him firmly with her gaze, leaving the bra dangling from his fingers. And so he got his first view in real life of a totally naked woman in the flesh. He hadn't known what to expect. What he saw surprised him. Her vulva did nothing special for me, mostly hidden away as it was between her legs. But her hips were shapely, framing a triangle of trimmed brown hair. Above a slender waist there was undeniably her best feature, a pair of superbly fulsome breasts tipped with light brown areolae and large, prominent nipples. They hung slightly and swung gently and seductively like large and pendulous pear-drops.
She stood motionless, nervously studying his reaction. She felt suddenly naked and exposed. Her earlier bravado slipping away. She wilted under his laser like gaze. She felt that she had to cover her sudden embarrassment. She brought her arms up to cover her breasts. She looked down at them, then at him with a question in her eyes. He understood the cause of her embarrassment, and could have whooped for joy. Whathesaw as the most superb, tantalising, and erotic invention of nature,shefound embarrassing.
"Rachel! Please, don't cover your breasts. They're simply stunning, and your body is beautiful!"
Her eyes widened again and she changed her mind and slipped her hands under her breasts instead, gently lifting them and caressing their undersides. She was pleased at his words. All the while, she continued to stare at him, seeking proof in his eyes.
"Your breasts are really beautiful. May I touch them?"
She looked conflicted but she smiled bravely. "I'm afraid they're too big. They tend to wobble when I walk. I've always been self-conscious about them. Yet they're always the first thing men want to touch. Now I know; I can see it in your eyes. You really like them, don't you?"
"Other girls are just jealous. Do you care more about their resentment, or men's enchantment?"
"You're right, I should be proud of them. I know they look sexy in a bra, but I'm afraid men will think less of them dangling and unsupported."
"Believe me, they look perfect. I didn't realise until now how much sexy breasts arouse me."
"Thank you. Now it's your turn. I want you to strip."
His stomach churned. The very idea of stripping off in front of another person had always been anathema to him. He had been mercilessly ridiculed by some of his school colleagues for his legs and their presumption of a small dick. His body posture shrank when he was embarrassed and tended to draw in his penis and make it look smaller. But if he thrust out his hips his penis appeared to double in length. Then of course, when he was aroused ...
But here, he was to be subjected to the ultimate test, of reciprocity with a female. A naked young woman whose exposed flesh was exciting him increasingly by the second, was demanding to see his goods.
it was with some trepidation and anxiety that he reached to unzip his trousers.
"No, do it slowly! I want to enjoy it."
His cock had grown exponentially into a long, thick shaft. Erections had always been an inconvenient embarrassment to him, at swimming pools, on beaches, in changing rooms; to be concealed and hidden away at every opportunity. He realised now that his organ was finally fulfilling its ultimate purpose, advertising his sexual arousal and fecundity. And Rachel wanted to see it.
He unbuttoned his shirt, taking his time and stroking his chest - and also feeling ridiculous. He finally let the sleeves part company with his arms. Rachel clapped to encourage him, with her eyes sparkling and her mouth wide open. He slowly unzipped his trousers and let the waist band slip down his thighs. The bulge in his underpants poked through the 'Y' shaped opening of the trousers' flies. Extricating his feet from the trouser legs was a complicated undertaking though, and took a great deal of forethought about how to balance on one foot after the other. He made sure that his cock could not reveal itself prematurely above the waistband of his briefs. Rachel squealed and rubbed her clit energetically at the mere sight of his bulge. The sight of her naked body being displayed so casually, and her fingers playing with her sex, made his body tingle and tremble in ways he had not felt before.
He could not believe that any woman would derive satisfaction from watching a man undress. This was, after all, before the days of the Chippendales.
With legs now bared, he forced himself to gyrate his hips and strut Jagger-style with hands on hips. To his astonishment and not a little alarm, Rachel screamed with sheer pleasure. When he slipped the waistband of his briefs under and behind his balls he discovered that exposing himself and enjoying female reaction aroused him in an altogether different way from looking at nude women. The whole of his manhood and scrotum were on show. The waistband underneath the ensemble raised the angle of his cock horizontally so that he could wave it about and make it spin in a circle, just by rotating his hips. The movement did nothing for him, but Rachel's excited reaction empowered and excited him even further. He put his hands behind his head, pulled in his belly and let his hips do the talking.
Rachel effected a mock swoon, but her face was flushed. She clapped enthusiastically. He moved up close to her with his cock revolving like a windmill, and pushed her backwards onto the bed. She laughed so much that she lost control of her body as it fell back onto the mattress. The backwards volition of her upper body caused her legs to shoot up in the air. It opened up her most intimate place, framed within two taut and rounded butt cheeks, to Alex. He quivered with excitement at the extreme eroticism of that unintended display.
She let her legs drop and tip her upper body upright. Her legs dropped off the end of the bed with her feet on the carpet. Her breasts took time to settle from that gymnastic performance and provided him with even more inspiration than his libido could process. He was crazy with desire for sex by that point even though he had no conception of what penetration really felt like, let alone a natural orgasm.
She sat upright with her face inches from his cock. He pondered on how to deliver the finale to his pre-Chippendale strip? Then a rush of blood to the head made him do something he would have considered obscene had he watched it on film. He turned his back on her and bent at the hips. His bottom was still covered by his briefs. He didn't feel the least bit sexy at that moment, but he just knew that he would once he had removed that final garment. He lowered the briefs gradually whilst rocking his hips side to side, hoping against hope that Rachel would find it exciting. She did indeed, and screamed afresh and clapped her hands delightedly. When his briefs reached mid-thigh he guessed that his balls and cock had become visible between his legs, inches from her face.
Rachel groaned behind him; such an arousing sweet arousing sound; more exciting than listening to Je t'aime moi non plus in the dark. She was rubbing her clit for all it was worth, unseen to him. He listened to her moans of abandonment of all propriety. They reached a climax. There was silence. He wondered what to do now: should he drop his stance and turn? Then he felt her unseen hand slipping between his thighs and fondling his balls. It was the most wonderful sensation in the world at that point.
"Omigod, they're like over-sized walnuts," she exclaimed.
They had indeed tightened up with his heightened arousal.
He whirled around petulantly. "I thought we were just looking. You didn't say we could touch."
"Well, maybe we can play, just a little," she muttered, giggling. She affected a playfully penitent expression, that morphed into a wide-eyed stare at his cock. It was long and thick as before, but was now engorged and pulsating. She exclaimed with astonishment. "Omigod, it's huge!"
"Really?"
"Truly. Haven't you ever compared it with other blokes? I've seen a few, but never one as big and thick as that."
"Really? How many have you seen?"
"Two older brothers, one of whom nearly raped me; several on the beach last week - and the occasional photograph."
"er, whoa, did you have sex with your brother?"
Her mouth opened wide with mock horror. "Absolutely not, I pushed him away. He passed me on his way to the bathroom. I had just left it, wearing a towel. He was also wearing just a towel. He followed me back to my bedroom with his towel in his hand. I heard him cough behind me and turned to see him holding it up away from his body. He grabbed my towel and tugged it off me. I went to grab it back but his grip was too strong. We'd often messed around when younger, but never sexually. He was back from uni and fascinated by my 'new' body. He said, 'Wow, sis, you're fucking gorgeous.' Then he pushed me down onto my bed and knelt over me, groping my tits. I lay there, half afraid and fully aroused. His stiff cock was brushing up and down my belly. I got excited.
"I asked him if he wanted to see my wide-open pussy. He straightened up. I lifted my legs upwards - and shoved him hard in the chest with my feet. He fell off my bed backwards. I yelled at him, 'I'm not one of your student whores', and he scurried out of my room."
"But I was totally turned on and ready for sex. I've dreamt about that occasion often, since. I think I may even have regretted being nasty to him. I certainly regretted not losing my virginity to my brother. It's been harder ever since then to make that leap to being a complete woman. I don't trust men now. Does that shock you?"
"So I wasn't the first to see your pussy?"
"OK, I lied about that. Wouldn't you - about something so embarrassing?"
"No, I think I'd be turned on, seeing a sexy sister in the nude. The thought of you looking at erect cocks' porn excites me too."
Rachel harrumphed. "Somehow, I can't envisage you taking advantage of your sister. You would probably just get all pent up like a plugged volcano, pressurised but with the lid on.
"Ha, ha, maybe, but I never had a sister. What happened last week?"
"Some of the boys exposed themselves in an attempt to seduce the girls. One of them, Roger, thinks he's god's gift to women. He flirts wickedly all the time. He'd tried it on with several girls. He had the hots for Aurelia, the blonde, but she teased him a bit then gave him the big brush off. So he turned his attention to me."
Her eyes emptied of expression as she recalled the incident. She cupped and stroked her breasts again as if they gave her comfort.
"We were on the beach, a group of us. Aurelia had walked off in disgust, so Roger was flirting with other girls. He eyed up several of them then turned his attention on me. I think my bikini was the sexiest; my mistake. He knelt beside me and eyed me up and down. I liked that, and I pushed out my tits to tease him. But he slipped his trunks down his thighs. His man thing stood out, bouncing. I think he was somehow flexing his muscles to make it do that. The other girls nearby were giggling. I didn't want to appear to be a wimp so I let him lean in and slip his cock up inside my bikini top inside my cleavage. I felt quite excited, and I didn't know how much leeway was cool, and at what point I should make him stop. Then his mate came up behind me and pulled off my bikini top before I could prevent it.
"I think the strap scraped Roger's cock and he cried out in pain.
"There were screams of delight from several of the girls, probably as much at the size of my breasts as at Roger's over-familiarity. They may also have been relieved that it hadn't been done to them. I felt humiliated. I'd never been topless before. I wanted to cover them with my arms but his mate held my arms back. Roger grabbed and squeezed my breasts together, and pretended to masturbate between them. I was very aroused but frightened. I was sure he wouldn't do anything more on a family beach, but I screamed anyway in case he did. Girls around me were laughing, trying to look cool and experienced. But I could see one or two of them were faking that; some even looked horrified.
"Then a beach patrol guy came up and hauled the boys off one after the other. I grabbed my things and stumbled away as best I could, hiding my breasts."
She looked traumatised as the remembered humiliation flooded her mind. Her arms were pressed against her chest. Compassion made Alex want to comfort her. But he was still aroused and fit to bursting. He forgot about his own physical boundaries. He pulled her up by her hands and cuddled her. Their naked bodies pressed together, flesh on flesh. It felt wonderful and natural.
She had stood up easily enough, but then her body went stiff again as she felt his nakedness against hers. He was getting mixed signals. She was blowing hot and cold. His hands caressed her back consolingly. She relaxed and raised her arms to his neck. That lifted those hypnotic breasts. Her stiffened nipples scraped deliciously against his chest. It gave him the most intense tingling sensations, all down his sides and across his belly. He abandoned all caution and pressed his body hard against hers. Her earlier resistance had gone and her thighs parted to admit his engorged cock between them. She gasped as she felt the shaft pushing horizontally up along her vulva. His brain was telling him, 'This is it; this is what you've always fantasised'.
He pulled away from her, panting. Her breasts were heaving too. They had both got over-excited. He heard himself speaking, but it wasn't him, it certainly wasn't what his libido really wanted to say
"I can't do this, not yet."
She moaned with frustration and slipped a hand down to her groin. She was clearly boiling over with arousal. Her telling of her story had probably contributed a lot to her excitement. But her face also showed relief. She had already had one orgasm. "Nor can I. I'm on the pill; my aunt insisted on it last week. I started it when my period happened. But - I'm not ready."
He hugged her with relief. He wasn't ready either, but he was not about to let that naked body go begging for some sort of attention. She had stoked his fire with her intimate story.
His libido saw an opportunity to break his resolve and was not content to leave it there: 'sex with a virgin would be safe, even if unprotected. With Rachel on the pill it would be risk-free. All you have to do is engage her in some foreplay then take her'. His baser instincts were winning out against his moral defences.
He had to resist that temptation, despite compelling logic and his intensely tingling cock.
"Sex may be premature, but Iwouldlike to touch you, though."
She moaned, probably both with relief at that half-way-house proposal, but also at the prospect of more arousal, and more sexplay.
"Come and lie on the bed with me. I'd like that."
But he had other plans. "Help me unpack some things first."
Initially she looked aghast, then she laughed. "You want to watch me parade around naked in your bedroom, you perve."
Her taunt could have hurt the Alex of thirty minutes before, but he had grown in confidence, thanks to Rachel's easy-going nature. She had intended it only as a gentle reproof anyway. He could live with that. He was a perve, a voyeur. He knew that.
"What's wrong with admiring a young and beautiful body?"
"Absolutely nothing. I can't believe I'm standing here naked and feeling turned on instead of embarrassed. I feel safe with you. It must be right."
They stood hip to hip with the suitcase opened on one of the beds. Rachel giggled at the sensation she felt of his naked flesh against hers. She dipped her the knees to rub her thigh up and down against his thigh. It felt the most natural thing in the world at that point, and it was damned erotic.
She took charge and recited the list of his suitcase's contents as she lifted them out. He stood there and let her do as she wanted.
"Four short-sleeved shirts, to clothe that muscled body. They're a bit old-fashioned.
"Four tee shirts, medium. Not planning to show off that manly chest then?
"Three pairs of shorts, surprisingly snug. Maybe you like to show off that bum and bulge though? Hmm.
"One pair of socks: a token?
"Four pairs of briefs. My, how lucky they are to be allowed to squeeze that package.
"Toiletries bag. Let's see what's in here? No condoms, no lubrication; nothing to see here. Oh, except for the toothpaste; always good to have fresh breath.
As she sorted through his toiletries bag with one hand she grasped his cock shaft. He felt delirium setting in as different sensations pulsed round his loins. He thought her touching might progress through ever more adventurous stages of sensuality, she was going for gold.
As an unpacker she was magnificent. She knew instinctively where to put everything: in the wardrobe or drawers, or under the bed. But she didn't forget to tease, to keep his libido on the boil. She didn't miss an opportunity to show off her wonderfully youthful and sleek body to its sexiest advantage. As she hung items on hangars, she stretched her torso and arched her back. When filling drawers, she bent from the waist and spread her legs to show him her delights between her thighs; his first clear, up-close sighting of a naked pussy. Rachel was playing an unaccustomed role as a vamp, but she was doing it in great style.
"Thank you for putting my clothes away, notwithstanding your obvious fetish for handling everything that's been close to my manly body."
"Ha, ha. So what do you think I packed then?"
"Hm, I suspect you planned for two scenarios: hiding your body, as is probably your usual practice, and revealing it when in seduction mode.
"So that would be five baggy tee shirts: hiding your major assets, methinks. This girl doesn't want her tits to be ogled by men. Ah, but there's a couple of tight, low-cut vee necks for when you do decide to be noticed.
"Four very, very skimpy shorts. She doesn't mind them ogling her bottom, and what a sexy bottom it is.
"One pair of tight, clinging jeans, to show off your sexy hips and bottom on cooler days.
"Two minidresses that shows off your bust and legs: for the ballroom when you get desperate..
"And what's this I see in my imagination: five tight, revealing tops: when were you planning to let rip and advertise your real wares?
"And as for those miniskirts, more like belts than proper clothes. Useful for fishing expeditions, like today: a new week, a clean slate, draw those eyes to those thighs and the delights just about concealed above."
Rachel oohed at his lascivious commentary. She was enjoying it.
"Then we come to the bras, three, 34 D...or E? You really wanted to keep those boobies in check at times."
"35 actually, but you were close."
"Seven pairs of panties, hips 34; barely able to contain those luscious butt cheeks. Useful to have a change of pussy cover every day to soak up those ever-present love juices from your permanent horniness. I can just imagine some man in a sub-continent sweat shop, sewing them on a machine and thinking of the nubile young maiden whose loins were destined to be clad in such miniscule, intimate garments.
"But the piece de resistance: the bikini; for the beach, for when you want to put it all out on display to give men wet dreams. What must it feel like to be that bikini?
"Oh, I forgot, some fuck-me heels to wear with the minidress in the ballroom, when you're open for business.
She stood poised, wearing just a faint smile and nothing else, with her hands on her hips.
"So you're suggesting I dress to entice in the ball...room, to give men cause to think with their - balls?"
"But they could never see your best feature."
"My tits?"
"No, your upturned bottom."
He was fantasising about how to get her to show more. The words just slipped out.
She kept her eyes fixed on his, but turned and knelt on the bed, bottom facing him. "Like this?" she asked looking back at him, in a sultry voice.
It was so simple: his middle finger slid down along her wrinkled anal rose, and on into her vaginal opening. A suitable riposte to her unsolicited handling of his cock. She gasped, "Oh!" Her warm juices coated it instantly. Her bottom pushed back to take it all in, to the hilt. His finger continued its exploration up along her labia, and detected a small vertical protuberance. Her hips rocked forward in response to this new, intense stimulation, and she let out a surprised, "Oh!". She leant on her elbows and inhaled deeply. Then she held her breath. He knew he had found her magic button, or clitoris as he had been schooled in biology class. But real life was proving to be not a bit like theory.
He thrilled at the reaction that his finger was provoking. He felt her butt cheeks shudder against his hand. His cock was poised and drew near her inner sanctum.
Yet that had not been his purpose. He drew back from temptation and kissed each of her bottom cheeks. She straightened up slowly and, he thought, regretfully.
"I need more attention. Are you going to wash me?"
She had seen him pull his face flannel from his washbag, and she had indeed decoded his intentions. He nervously searched for his soap container and led her by the hand to the washbasin. The water was soon warm and filling the basin. She stood facing him again, expectantly. He wrung out the flannel, and was poised to wipe it against her skin when he re-thought, and stopped. She looked puzzled again.
He fetched a large towel from the rail on the wall and spread it out on the floor in front of the basin. This could get messy. She nodded and stood on it. He tested the temperature and added more hot water, then soaped up his hands. She gasped as they advanced on her breasts, without any covering flannel. This had been one of his long-cherished fantasies from way back. He was desperate now to see whether the reality of exploring breasts with the hands was better than his fantasy. It was more than that, it was sublime, and utterly arousing - for both of them as it turned out.
Rachel moaned as his soaped palms caressed her breasts in stereo. It gave him the excuse to explore every millimetre of those boobs. Never had his sense of touch been so rewarding. His stomach churned as he weighed them in his hands. They were surprisingly heavy. Reflected light from the bedside table lamps emphasised their curves, the water making them glisten. He knew, then, that the voyeur in him preferred women's bodies to be wet and glistening.
He tried to act nonchalantly by questioning her. "How do you feel about having to carry them around everywhere with you?
She harrumphed sarcastically then laughed. "Much better now that I can see the effect they are having on you. Mmm, rub them some more, please."
He obliged for a few seconds, then rinsed them, because he was in a hurry to conclude the ablutions. "I think the only other place that needs attention is your most important one."
She stared at him, wide-eyed. It was clear she hadn't expected more of that.
But she simply sighed and parted her thighs as his soapy hand approached her pubic region. As he swept it palm up against her undercarriage, dragging a finger behind it, she jolted and pressed her hands down on his shoulders to steady herself. "Oh, that's so good; so much better when a man's doing it."
She spread her legs wider and tilted her hips forward to encourage his hand to venture further back towards her bottom seam. He was surprised when she winced at his fingers re-crossing her anal sphincter. He glanced up at her. Her eyes were closed and her upper bite was protruding below her lower lip.
"You seem to react very quickly to my touch. Are all women so sensitive?"
"Rinse me off, quick!"
Having dried her body, he began, briskly, to wash his cock, a far easier task in a basin than a female's private parts. Rachel leapt alongside him and grabbed it. "That's my job."
She lathered up some soap on her hand and smoothed back his foreskin. A few gentle forwards and backwards motions ensured that the soap had been thoroughly applied, but ran the risk of ultimately creating more mess than cleansing.
He gasped and with some restraint in his loins, muttered, "You seem to have some experience of handling a penis."
"With two dominant older brothers, you should not be surprised. But they were only games." It was what she left unsaid that teased his brain.
She happily towelled his cock and balls dry whilst sighing. "Aunt penny was right. A good, stiff penis is one of nature's wonders. To think that it can produce so much pleasure high up inside my lady body."
His cock responded to her words and her touch with renewed vigour. She let go of it reluctantly and led him towards the bed where they lay side by side, holding hands. Neither of them was prepared to initiate anything sexual just at that moment. But sexual thoughts were whizzing around in Alex's brain. Images swamped his mind, of him from outside his body, rogering Rachel's body from a variety of impossible angles and with highly aroused ferocity.
"What are you thinking?" she asked.
Was she experiencing complementary thoughts? He wasn't prepared to be honest about his lewd mental images. He thought he should tread carefully, even if it killed their respective passions.
"I've got a real mixture of feelings. I was stunned when you dropped your panties. I was scared of us being caught when you pulled off your top outside the door. I was afraid that you might be a tart ..."
She gasped with genuine surprise and rolled her body on top of his, propping her upper half up on her hands. "How can you say that? I'm just as inexperienced as you, despite previous close encounters with men. This is the first time I've taken any liberties, and only because you'd stirred me up so much."
"Aided and abetted by your aunt, no doubt. She must be quite a lady." He raised his head and kissed Rachel. Her breasts and nipples dusted his chest as she leant in eagerly to receive his lips. His stomach churned with an aching desire to explore those marvellous mammaries again in the minutest detail. He gently cupped them, then let his fingers roam their expanse. She gave a long sigh. "You have such tender, magical hands. Where did you learn to be so sensitive?"
"I live with a pussy -"
"What! I thought you were an innocent virgin?"
"Of the feline variety. We've had it since it was a kitten. It likes to be stroked gently. It adores my touch."
Rachel was in fits of laughter. "You mean a pussy cat?"
"Now I have a date with another pussy."
She shrieked as he flipped her onto her back and pushed her legs apart. She didn't resist.
"Your pubic hair is groomed. How did you do that?"
"Why, what are you comparing it with?"
"I saw a photograph at school of a naked woman with a dark bush like a forest, that totally obscured her sex. I didn't see the point of it because you couldn't see anything."
"Well, my aunt groomed me a week ago. She said I must make my pussy presentable if I want a lover to satisfy me. Then...one of the girls - I can't say who - shaved me yesterday. That was why I was so turned on today, probably why I flirted with you. My pussy flesh is unused to feeling so unprotected. It's been rubbing against my panties all day."
"Another girl shaved you? How did that happen?"
"We've become good friends here. She has her own room, like you, in the other wing of the hotel. We talk about boys, and we've even been intimate when we've been horny."
Alex was astonished. He'd heard of lesbians, but always assumed them to be perverted. Such were the limitations to his education. Now here was a perfectly nubile, straight girl confessing to playing around with another female.
She looked at him nervously. "Do you think that's shocking?"
"Far from it. The thought of two naked ladies together is - stimulating, provided there's scope for a randy man in the mix."
She chuckled with relief. "Sometimes I can be too honest. Can you be honest with me?"
"You mean, do I want to force your legs wide apart and force my cock deep into your dripping vagina, whether you would allow me or not?"
She gasped loudly. "I didn't mean you to be that honest. I thought you said you were a virgin?"
"I am, in body, but in my mind I've plundered hundreds of virgins, and female celebrities, like Brigitte Bardot, Raquel Welch, Helen Mirren...mm, I remember her body in Age of Consent. She stood in the water, naked, with almost all of her body exposed -"
"Stop! Too much competition."
"Sorry. But none of them can compete with being here naked with you. I like your body. It's sexy. The mere sight of it send shivers up and down my body. My cock is throbbing with the blood pressure you've caused.
"Your aunt trimmed your pubes like an arrow, pointing down at your cunt. It ends just before the start of your love chasm."
"Chasm? You make it sound like a wide open land feature! It's tight and snuggly. It would squeeze your cock into submission."
Her imagination had taken off and she brought her knees up to her chest as she imagined the sensations within her that his cock would trigger.
"I must check that out for myself." He parted her labial flaps and studied her pink vestibule. She whimpered at the feeling of his touch. Her vagina seemed to glow redly at him. At the top of her cleft, a stiff nub of a clitoris pointed out at him. This was his first close-up of a woman's sex. It felt totally different from any diagram or photograph he had ever studied; obviously much more tangible, but also all the more exciting for being an illicit experience.
His tongue dived down between those upper thighs to explore that clit whilst it was making itself so easy to find. He had to find out whether it did all that he had read about it.
It did more, far more than he could have imagined. Rachel squealed with instant pleasure and thrust her groin hard up against his face. He had to keep her thrusts at bay whilst he ministered to her clit. She moaned and cried and gradually squealed her way up through the octaves to a vocal pinnacle, as wave after wave of tingling sensations swamped her abdomen.
When it had subsided, she sank her hips onto the sheet.
He sat on his haunches, stilled with astonishment. "What was that?"
"That, you clever boy, was an orgasm. Are you sure you've never done this before?"
"But it happened so quickly. Is that it then, no point in me going any further?"
"Oh, you innocent boy, I can have several of them. Girls can have multiple orgasms to a man's one. Your bodies build to a massive climax and then, pouff, it's all over in seconds. I think we girls get the best of the deal."
"I didn't realise that women could get off on just their clit," he said.
"Perhaps not many can, I suppose," she replied, smiling radiantly. "I can get them from someone sucking my nipples - provided I'm comfortable with them doing it, of course."
There is nothing like biology practicals to provide real learning opportunities, and any shame he was feeling at this sex play could be re-labelled to his mind as useful education.
He thought the climax might have exhausted her, but she appeared to be energised by it. She leapt up onto her knees with gleaming eyes.
"Now it's your turn."
She looked him in the eye and took his pulsating organ in both her hands. Her face radiated pleasure and desire in equal measure. Her face looked oh, so sexy, in a way he had not considered a face before. She stroked up and down his shaft with a grin on her mouth. She dropped her eyes to it and admired its girth. "I wonder how that would feel inside me?" she whispered, in awe of the prospect.
They both knew intuitively now that neither of them were ready for that yet.
She took a deep breath and sat on her haunches with her head at cock level, lips parted wide. With her eyes rolled up high and looking up at him , she took its length into her mouth. The sensation on his shaft was one of warmth and tightness. His upper body experienced massive ripples all the way up to his temples. She gagged almost immediately.
"Have you ever done that before?" he asked.
"Never," she replied, looking hunted.
"Well, I don't want it like that anyway, but thank you for trying. I just want to look at your glorious body and bring myself."
She reared upright and heaved a sigh of relief, then beamed. She leapt up onto her feet on the bed and straddled his calves. "Look all you want," she intoned with a deep, velvety seductive voice. "Make me feel desirable. Show me how much you adore my body."
She spread her feet and stood with her hands on her hips. She sighed.
"I think I must be a closet exhibitionist. Having you look at my body is making me tingle in some very interesting places. I never thought I'd like a man staring at my intimate places. But I'm getting very excited by you looking at me like this just at this moment. Do you like what you see?"
"Oh, yes. Your body is perfect. I can see all the way up your front. Your pussy lips are stretched apart. They open wide so invitingly as you spread your knees. Yes, do that some more. I can look up your belly at the same time, to your breasts which overhang in two fantastic fleshy bags. Your breasts point outwards to tips like stubby barrels . Your breasts make my stomach somersault as they bounce with your body movements. Oh, it's so hypnotic! I could lie like this forever. Rachel, you are so sexy and desirable."
Her reply was tinged with awe. "Really? You make me feel sexy just hearing you say that."
"No, please, don't touch your pussy. I want to look at it without your hand in the way. Thank you. Oh, yes, that's good. I've waited for this a long time. I've dreamt about it."
"Is it as good as in your fantasies?"
"Oh, it's way, way better. My brain couldn't conjure up an image anywhere near as sexy as your body, Rachel."
"Tell me what you're feeling."
"I think I've got a hot flush. There's tingling all the way up my chest and sides, even up to my neck. Oh, there's a warmth building in my hips. My cock is tingling. It's getting warmer too. I can feel tingling pressure gathering at the base of my shaft. Yes, do that again - bend your knees, open that cunt. Oh, yes, that's good, that's wonderful. I can feel it coming, it's coming. Oh, I'm nearly there - aaahhh!"
Rachel was bouncing from one foot to the other in her excitement at his commentary. As his voice signalled his impending orgasm she sank to her knees between his calves and bobbed her head down onto the bulbous tip of his cock. He stopped fisting in surprise. His sperm was spouting, like a whale's blowhole, or a pressurised geyser. He could feel his hot juices sweeping up his shaft. He laughed at the intensity of his climax. But it didn't stop there. When he masturbated it normally always stopped when he ejaculated, but not this time. Under the onslaught of Rachel's vacuuming effect on his cock's head, the waves of climax just kept on coming. It was unbelievable, almost unbearable; wave after wave of sweeping aftershocks pulsing from the fronts of his thighs all the way across his belly and up his cock. The sensations were overwhelming. He got to the point where he could bear it no longer. He had to pull back.
"Stop, stop, enough, I can't take any more." he gasped, between staccato breaths. His body had been overwhelmed by Rachel's mouthy ministrations.
He stared up at her in astonishment. "Do you realise what you just did?"
Her eyes were wide, bright and shining. She was grinning. "I had to swallow, or else I would have had to pull away. I didn't know I could do that. I feel so good, so powerful."
"What did it taste like?"
"Er, salty sweet, I think. My tummy's tingling. It's a lovely feeling. I wonder if it knows what it's swallowed?"
"Where did you learn to do that?"
She sank down onto her side beside me, and let her breasts flop onto his chest. They piled one on top of the other in a magnificent edifice of mammary delight.
"I didn't. I listened to the other girls. I never thought that I would want to suck on a cock; but when it came to it, I just dived in."
"Was it good?"
She propped herself up on an arm and stared him in the eyes. "I can't explain it. I wasn't taking in sperm for its own sake. I think I was willingly offering you my love - even to a total stranger. I wanted to do it for you, Alex, even though I hardly know you. Isn't that crazy?"
That was a big statement. She had taken a huge risk coming to his room. She had let her sexual feelings over-ride her sensible caution.
Her next words were spoken quietly. "It was the least I could do when I couldn't offer you my vagina."
"You make that sound like an apology, when it was just about - no, absolutely the most exciting experience of my life, bar none. Still, perhaps you were lucky you met someone harmless like me? I suppose, technically, your virginity is still intact."
She lay her body on top of his in an act of the utmost intimacy. She raised her head to stare him deeply in the eyes, and fixed him with a serious stare.
"Can I share your toothbrush?"
They collapsed into a mass of flailing limbs and helpless laughter.
He woke next morning to an odd feeling of something encasing his cock. He opened his eyes to see Rachel on top of him, fully dressed. That is, he assumed she was clothed but minus her panties. She leapt off him as she became aware that he was awake. She ran from his room in confusion.

~*~*~

The Second Day
Rachel was waiting for him after breakfast, outside the dining hall.
"Thank you for last night," she said, quietly, so as not to be overheard. "You were very considerate."
He raised his eyebrows inquisitively.
"I mean, you didn't force yourself on me. I'm relieved we didn't do it - all of it. I wasn't ready to go all the way and you understood that. You're a fantastic man. Are we friends?"
"Of course, and more I hope. But what happened this morning?"
"I'm sorry. When I awoke, you had an erection. I wanted to see what it felt like. It woke you up and I panicked."
He smiled his warmest, to forestall her embarrassment.
"Perhaps that wasn't the best idea; something to look forward to? Don't tell the others about what happened."
"Sure. I'll introduce you to some of them; the nicer ones, but I'll tell them nothing."
So he joined the group, hanging on at the periphery. The socialising was fun at times, but he found most of it dull. The others spent their time wandering about aimlessly, chatting, joking, the males playing pranks on each other, and on the unsuspecting females. Rarely did they get involved in camp activities, claiming them to be uncool and kids' fare. Male eyes were never far from the Blonde at the epicentre of the group. She looked as decidedly disinterested in her retinue as Alex felt.
Rachel tended to stay close to his side, not quite possessively, but as if reluctant to let him stray too far from her. The unapproachable blonde looked straight at him on many occasions. She appeared to be interested in what Rachel and he said to each other. She would also often cast him a despairing glance, an unspoken comment on her predicament, as if she knew that he would understand. Yet he couldn't bring himself to approach her. She was just too beautiful and divine in his eyes. Even when her face held a sullen expression, she radiated beauty and class. Sometimes, when he thought of her, she caught him staring. She would return his gaze and allow a faint smile to chase across her mouth. It seemed to say 'yes, I know what you're thinking'. He would quickly look away in embarrassment.
They went down to the beach in a gaggle of adolescents, stoked up on hormones, joking and high with merriment. They lounged about on the sand, frolicked in the rolling waves, and had a generally good time. So despite Alex's over-riding impression, there must have been some good moments overall.
It appeared that having a girlfriend gave him membership of the cool dudes' club. The alpha males would talk to him, but be eying up Rachel's hot body at the same time.
That first day together as a couple, the encroaching tide cut short their beach sunbathing.
They ducked out of their respective family lunch obligations and snacked on crisps, fizz and chocolate bars from the cliff top shop. Rachel explained that she and her aunt shared a dining table with two other couples, so her aunt would have others to talk to. But, eventually she felt the pull of family obligation. They went in search of Aunt Penny.
Rachel's aunt was quite easy to spot, lounging amongst a row of four poolside loungers, with a man squatting at her feet. They were chatting, but it was clear that he was mainly ogling her body. And what a stupendous body it was. Nowadays, she would be described as a cougar or a MILF, but in those more innocent times she simply looked improbably young and overly sexy for her age. She wore a stringy multi-coloured bikini with thin shoulder straps and a minimalist top of two triangles of material, which barely covered, let alone restrained her generous breasts. Her body merited its display, though. Although her frame was large it was impressively fit and firm. There was plenty of flesh on display, suitably bronzed. Her large breasts commanded Alex's attention, standing out prominently as they did and despite their slack triangular boob covers. Even without bra support, they hung together in a stupendous cleavage. Both the bikini top and bottom string ties appeared to be loose, and the bits of material shifted about revealingly as she moved on her lounger. Alex could see a common source for aunt and niece's genes. But Aunt Penny's were very much in the shop window, whilst Rachel was a quieter backroom girl.
Aunt Penny oozed sensuality, and he could easily understand why she had made it her mission to help Rachel lose her virginity. She probably had a one-track mind.
"Darlings!" she exclaimed on seeing them. "Let me introduce you to Hamish." The man looked slightly put out at their arrival. He soon made his apologies and quietly left. Their arrival had queered his pitch.
"Oh dear," she sighed, "but there are plenty more fish in the sea."
She looked attractive enough, but with a heavily made up face which might have been concealing a multitude of sins. The bikini was hardly concealing anything of her firm body though. She was astonishingly sexy.
"Come and sit with me for a while, Rachel, and introduce me to your beau."
He winced at that title, but put on his most charming smile. She had risen from her lounger and pushed away the fourth one. Her minimalist costume shifted as she worked, the panty slipping on her hips to reveal the top of her bum crevice. Significantly, she had no tan lines. Her breasts swung unimpeded by the dangling scraps of material of the bikini top. It struck him that she was probably only wearing a costume for the sake of the camp's poolside rules. Alex had to admit to a stirring in his trunks despite her slutty behaviour.
She sat down on the middle lounger, indicating then to occupy the ones either side of her. Rachel threw Alex a despairing look and took one side. He sat on the other. A lone fly soon settled on his belly. Aunt Penny's eagle eyes spotted it and swatted it away. But she was heavy handed and her hand swiped against his semi-rigid cock like a truncheon.
"Sorry, dear, those flies are so pesky.
"So what have you two lovebirds been up to?" Her voice was deep and velvety; quite seductive.
She barraged Alex with questions, and summoned a waiter to ply the couple with drinks, ensuring that they would feel obligated to remain with her for a period of time. She applied her already gleaming body with more tanning lotion, taking care to oil underneath her flimsy bikini bits to reduce her tan lines. All the time, she engaged Alex in conversation so that he would look at her and see her exposed bits of forbidden areas, including an 'accidental' exposure of her pubic area, and whole breasts, which just slipped away from their moorings as she massaged lotion into them.
Alex glanced across at Rachel who fumed silently. Their familial relationship was evidently not faring well. Rachel could also see his unavoidable erection in his trunks. She disliked this competition from a far more seasoned hand.
But eventually the alcohol took its cumulative toll on her Aunt Penny, who appeared to drift off into a light sleep. After a few minutes of welcome respite, Rachel climbed silently off her lounger and gestured him to escape with her. He pointed to her aunt's exposed parts beneath the slack bikini patches. Rachel merely shrugged.
"We can't leave her exposed like that," I whispered.
Aunt Penny shifted in her slumber. A knee slipped out sideways, causing a labial lip to escape from one side of the lower triangle. Another movement caused the edge of the material to slip into her vulval slit, leaving the puffy mound completely exposed.
Rachel huffed impatiently. Alec realised that she didn't care about her aunt's predicament, but he took compassion on the older woman. He leant down and gingerly released the edge of material from its pussy trap. Aunt Penny stirred in her apparent sleep, the shift of her hips managing to press her pubis hard against his knuckles. He froze, with the slip of material pinched between his thumb and forefinger, pulled away from her flesh. It would look to a casual observer as if he had deliberately pulled the material away from her to expose her lady bits. A dart of micro-pulses zapped through his upper body. He gingerly released the material but it hung slackly. There was nothing he could do inconspicuously to make her more decent.
Assuming her movements to be an accident, he carefully scooped her breast back inside the bra triangle. The feel of the yielding breast flesh caused his heart to flutter, and his erection to burgeon. Aunt Penny's hand flopped sideways, accidentally hitting against his hard-on.
He realised then, too late, that that had been no lucky strike; she must have been awake all the time. She might have intended only to expose herself, but he doubted that she minded the touch of his hands against her flesh. He had been had.
Rachel smirked with dry amusement as they walked away. "Ever the gentleman," she mocked, "particularly when a lady's clothing is in a state of disarray. I bet Aunt Penny relished that."
"Why didn't you warn me?" he asked.
"What, and miss the expression on your face, and the bulge in your trunks?"
"What shall we do now?" he asked.
Rachel beamed. "The tide's probably going out now. Let's go the beach and socialise."
"We could go back to my room?"
"What, and me lose what little self-respect I still have left? Save that for another day."

~*~*~

Alex dined dutifully that evening with his parents, having no choice, his table number having been assigned. His mother questioned him closely on his afternoon activities. He gave only vague answers, knowing how shocked they'd both be were he to reveal the truth.
"Well, don't mind about us." she said reassuringly, giving Dad a devoted smile, "You just enjoy yourself, but be careful. I'm glad you're having fun. Now, can we spend some time together as a family?"
She urged Ben to hurry up and finish eating so that he could go get a decent table in the clubhouse for the evening's entertainment. So they had ringside seats to the dance floor. Alex felt uncomfortably in the spotlight at the front row of tables. He'd have much preferred they were somewhere anonymous at the back, in the shadows. People at the front tended to be selected to be the butt of the entertainers' games and tricks. Alex also wanted to be elsewhere. He had found a girl - OK, she had found him - but she had wanted to find him. There was no shame in that. he wanted to spend time with her now.
Only after the interminable bingo and the first half's entertainment had concluded did he spot Rachel. She was over the far side of the floor, beckoning him frantically. He excused himself to his parents and went over to her. She was wearing a light, summer minidress. From her upper body's physical turmoil it was obvious that she had omitted her bra. She leant in for a kiss and her low-cut front showed a tantalising cleavage. She seized his hand and dragged him towards an almost empty rear table near the wall. Sitting there was Aunt Penny. They must have arrived late. Her aunt looked neglected and forlorn.
She looked Alex up and down penetratingly, then smiled and patted a chair next to her. "Sit down. I missed you both this afternoon."
Rachel made a warning face at her, but didn't comment. They must have had words about her aunt's behaviour at the pool. Alex gave Aunt Penny a furtive glance from the side. Her low-cut, flowery patterned blouse was tailored to accentuate her generous cleavage and slim waist. She looked like an exotically mature photographic model. The blouse was tucked inside her skirt, which showed a great deal of thigh; a mini by all accounts, in a buff canvas material. It was stretched taut across her hips and upper thighs as she sat back a little distance from the table. She eyed him closely, then stood up. His eyes dropped to her hips, which looked sumptuously taut within the tight material of the canvas skirt. With her shapely bottom and flat belly, she looked every inch the mature glamour model.
She went to each of the nearby tables in search of an unused ashtray. It was the first time he'd seen any evidence that she smoked. Rachel grimaced. "She's supposed to have given up. I think she's just showing off her body to you."
Aunt Penny had her back to him. She leant forwards between an elderly couple, as if engaging them in conversation. Her legs were apart, as far as the restricting material of the canvas material of the skirt would allow. It was a pose designed to make men drool. Alex stared, stupefied. A hand on his groin reminded him that he was being monitored. Rachel was checking on his reaction to her aunt's display.
"I hope that's for me?" she whispered.
Aunt Penny returned and effected to search in her handbag for her cigarettes. Then she paused and muttered , "No, I mustn't." She swivelled to face him. His eyes slipped to her firm brown thighs, which obligingly parted to display an enticingly shadowy gap. Her flirtation was outrageous. A part of him regretted that she wasn't to be his seminal virginal experience. A woman like her could teach him a lot.
She caught his pensive glance and smiled at her little victory. "Rachel has told me some things, but I want to hear it from you. Rachel, dear, be a darling and get us some drinks. Ask for a tray" She unfolded a ten pound note that she must have palmed from her purse, and handed it to a despairing Rachel.
"A pint of Bitter," he said in response to Rachel's challenging glare. The request for the tray inferred that Rachel needn't take him with her to help carry the drinks. Rachel headed off to join the early evening throng at the long bar. She would be gone for some minutes.
By the time she returned with a tray of drinks, Aunt Penny had plied Alex with questions, and ended up saying covertly as Rachel headed back their way, "This is Rache's opportunity to get laid. Don't disappoint her."
Alex's mind whirred from her x-rated onslaught. He was stunned by her liberal attitudes and her audacious imperative. He and Rachel exchanged glances, hers questioning what had been said, and his pleading not to be asked. He could imagine the earlier briefing Rachel had suffered.
The band struck up and Rachel dragged him by the hand onto the dance floor. They were the first to make a spectacle of themselves, or rather of Alex, which caused him considerable confusion and consternation. Luckily, several older couples soon followed Rachel's lead, after the band had struck up a jazzy dance number.
"What did she say?"
He shrugged, trying to convey a relaxed expression. "She asked me questions. She told me about her loneliness, oh, and she said you must get laid, properly. Tonight."
Rachel stopped dead and backed off to stare at him. For a girl who had pounced on him at the first opportunity, and got them both naked in his room, her present reaction was startling - and confusing. She moved towards him again, and pulled him in close enough to hear her next words over the din of the music. "She's doing it again. Trying to set me up. She thinks virginity at eighteen is inhumane."
Alex was deeply puzzled at the contradictions in Rachel's own behaviour.
He could understand her Aunt Penny's hand forcing Rachel, perhaps against her will. Perhaps that had led to her impromptu undressing in front of him? The whole situation signalled a potential car crash ahead for their brief relationship. Unwise sex had a habit of pushing young couples apart (were they a couple yet?); forced sex posed even more complications.
When the music turned to a slower number, Rachel clung tightly to him. Her body was primed for sex as it squirmed against his, teasing out an instant erection in his bulge pressing between her inviting thighs. Her thin evening dress offered no resistance. She beamed a dreamy smile with closed eyes.
Alec knew that his parents would be watching if they weren't also dancing. This could take some explaining later.
"Let's go outside," he suggested, as a way to cool things down.
As they left the clubhouse, and the cooler air of the summer evening hit them, he saw again two temporarily disparate groups of young people as before. Their respective memberships might fluctuate, but the phenomenon persisted.
Rachel muttered, "That was me last week. Lots of young, aimless people forced by boredom to congregate, pretending to have fun." She sighed and seized his hand swinging it as much with relief as any deeper significance.
"And what about them?" he asked, of the men circling the blonde.
"Yes, you would noticeher. All the men do. I'll admit she's something special, but she's just an ordinary girl underneath. Quite nice really. The men who slavishly follow her all want to get inside her knickers, if she's wearing any."
"Are you jealous?"
"Perhaps, but she and I have talked. She's actually a very grounded person. It's not her fault she's so stunningly beautiful."
"Would you mind if the men were following you?"
"I might be flattered, up to a point. But I don't think I'd like all that pestering."
Rachel slipped an arm inside his and pressed a hip against his. A gap opened temporarily in the blonde's entourage and Alec saw her staring at them. Her look this time was different, perhaps speculative or surprised. Then the defensive wall closed and she disappeared again from view.
"I mustn't leave Aunt Penny too long alone," Rachel mumbled reluctantly, "I should return to her."
"OK, then I should go and pay my respects to my parents," he said. "Shall we meet up again later; go for a walk in the moonlight?"
Rachel gazed up at the night sky. "No moon yet, but plenty of stars."
Aunt Penny had apparently been busy whilst they were away, keeping the table-waiting staff occupied. She was definitely tipsy. She had a beer waiting for Alec, a definite invitation, or inducement, to stay for a while. For Rachel it looked like she had ordered a stiff gin and tonic. Thankfully, it was now too noisy to talk comfortably so they watched people dancing
Rachel took his hand. "Let's dance."
It felt good holding her close. Alec was beginning to relax into the swing of a whirlwind holiday relationship; feeling as if he was already getting to know this impetuous young lady. As regards her personal life, he knew only that she lived in Haywards Heath, about forty miles from his parents' home. Her proximity by train had potential, but their respective university destinations did not. She caressed the back of his head with one hand whilst the other was free to stroke his bottom as he held her in his arms. Wasn't that supposed to be his job: to be handsy?
The next number was slower, a better excuse for smooching. It felt good holding her tightly to him.
"Do you mind if I cut in?"
It was Aunt Penny. Rachel shrugged her shoulders resignedly and backed away as Aunt Penny raised one arm high, an invitation for Alec to put an arms around her waist. He had little choice but to hold onto her waist. She moved close against his body. It embarrassed him to have her firm form pressed against his. She was so much more imposing than Rachel's slenderer frame. And Aunt Penny's boobs felt massive, now also unfettered like her niece's beneath her blouse, pressed firmly and slightly squashed, against his lower chest.
At first she just clung to him, ostensibly enjoying the romantic music. Her shifting, yielding mammaries made him stiffen down below, though, which she monitored by pressing her thighs firmly against his. She smiled triumphantly, then leant her head to the side as if to whisper in his ear. Her perfume assailed his senses: a quite unexpected mixture of incense, spice and vanilla. It was like a love potion to his untutored nostrils, prompting giddying sensations in his head.
"I'm so pleased that Rachel met you. She's lonely and not a good mixer. I'm afraid of men taking advantage of her.
"By all accounts, you're a gentleman. I can trust you to treat her decently. Take her to her room. It's got an ensuite shower room so you can freshen up. I've prepared the room for you both. She'll feel more at home there. She wants it with you, you know. It will be the best thing for her, for the both of you."
Aunt Penny, the uninvited procurer, had nevertheless aroused his hormones close to fever pitch. She knew how to use her body subtly to provoke baser instincts in men. Alex had come on holiday with a mission for the week, which Aunt Penny was apparently offering to be instrumental in him fulfilling. Rachel was eighteen, so able to make her own personal choices. Perhaps, at last, this was the ideal opportunity?
They finished the slow dance silently, Penny smiling deliriously, and Alex on heat from her intoxicating scents and mashed boobs against his chest. He realised that she was drunk, but he took her fascination with him as a compliment. Rachel stood up impatiently as they approached the table. Had she and her aunt arranged this, he wondered? Rachel pulled him outside into the cool air again.
"You need to cool down. We have a shower in our room. Come, I'll show you." So the die was cast, so easily and pragmatically. Perhaps they had set him up together, to do the deed?
He let Rachel lead him along between the serried rows of chalets, the path lit by lamps on columns, and up an incline towards a select block at the edge of the complex. Those chalets would have sea views, although the sea was just an audible backdrop in the dark that moonless night. These were larger than the standard chalets and, he assumed, better furnished. Rachel opened the door of de-luxe chalet AB20, and pulled him inside. She did not let him speak, just clinched and kissed him.
"I need to freshen up too," she murmured softly, "will you scrub my back?" The inference thrilled his cock. That was a request he could willingly fulfil. The thought of seeing her body again, would provide inspiration for the pioneering challenge ahead.
She smiled at him shyly, but shed all her clothes confidently, and with some style. She put her hands on her hips, then watched him undress. She gave a loud, satisfied sigh as his erection was revealed.
"Why would anyone call such a beast ugly?" she pondered.
"Do they?"
"Some girls do."
"Rachel, you can go first."
"You mean you want to look at my unclothed, naked body?"
"I most unashamedly do. I've thought about you constantly today; you and your wonderful assets."
"And of my aunt's body."
It wasn't a question. Rachel faced him and took hold of his penis. "I saw you ogling her. Would you like to see her naked? I have. Her body's firm and voluptuous. She lets me stroke it, to massage skin cream all over her body. Would you like to do that?"
Rachel was speaking in a soft, seductive voice. Her hand was moving gently up and down his shaft, whilst she gently massaged her breasts with her free hand.
"Why are you talking about your aunt?"
"Because I know she turns you on."
He felt she was testing him.
"So do you, and it's you I want be with now. Shall we freshen up together?"
The shower was invigorating, all the more so because their naked bodies were perforce entwined in that narrow, confined space into an uncompromising intimacy. Rachel trembled with desire as his soaped hands explored every inch of her smooth flesh, under her explicit directions.
"Massage my tits thoroughly. Pinch my nipples - be gentle with them, they're very sensitive. Oooh, yes. Does your cock feel bursting with little you's? Do you want me, hm? Do you want to plunge it inside me? My pussy's tingling. It wants you.
"That's it, feel my cunt. Yes, yes, keep doing that; you've found my button. Oh, god, that's so good. Keep it there. Oooh."
She didn't need his guidance when she returned the favour, making his manhood stand out like a horizontal tent pole with the briefest of stimulations. They were inexperienced, yet their play felt natural and unforced.
They towelled each other dry. She led him to the king-size bed and knelt across it, to reach into the bedside drawer. She pushed up her bottom. Making it taut and her sex clearly visible between her stretched buttocks. She was deliberately showing him her most private place and she giggled. With her aunt's skin conditioner in her hand she bounced up onto her knees and handed him the bottle.
"Oil my tits, then every other bit of me. I want to feel your hands all over me. This is going to be the most memorable evening ever."
He held his hand poised with a liberal dollop of the lotion on the palm, but she leapt off the bed and skipped to the minibar. She bent at the waist to pull out an almost full bottle of vodka which had somehow been wedged into that confined space. She plonked it on top of the fridge and reached in for two small cans of tonic. As soon as she had stopped fidgeting his hands got busy, liberally coating her bottom and inner thighs with lotion then rubbing each of her nether orifices in turn. Her skin shone with the reflected light from the bedside lamps, showing off her marvellous curves in sensuous relief.
With the blanket pulled back, she lay on the sheet and commanded, "Pour me a stiff drink, then I want to put lotion on your stiff cock and balls."
They sat cross-legged, naked and facing each other on the bed whilst they sipped their drinks, their mutual fondlings temporarily suspended.
"Did your aunt suggest this?" he asked.
"She did, and I'm glad now. It's high time I gave up my cherry, and I can't think of a better cock to penetrate me and take my virginity. I'm ready now. I want to be fucked until I plead my submission. But you needn't stop, even then. Just keep pumping me all the way to Paradise. I'm totally ready and willing."
She looked up at him archly from beneath hooded brows. "I won't get pregnant. My aunt's seen to that, remember?"
It seemed that Aunt Penny had thought of everything, and planned well in advance for this occasion.
Rachel put down her glass and lay on her back. "Now you can lubricate my tits and belly, and everywhere you can see. After that, you can massageallthe hidden bits."
Alex was feeling light-headed, from the alcohol and the lubricious atmosphere. Rachel's demeanour gave him confidence to go all the way with her this time. The thought struck him that he might not be able to perform. But a quick check on his cock reassured him that nothing need stop him plundering her love channel that evening. And so that remarkable day moved inexorably towards its dramatic, and perhaps inevitable conclusion.
After so many false alarms and near misses, his body was anticipating this final hurdle with an intensity he could barely restrain whilst he concentrated on foreplay. He leant over her, kissing his way down from her forehead and demanding lips , to her pert, upright breasts and enlarged nipples. His cock bounced and stroked its way down her torso, sending sparks around his insides. He rubbed in the lotion, starting with her breasts, then sliding his hands down her torso and belly to her inner thighs. She moaned gently and her body quivered under his fingers with sexual excitement. His teasing digits had reached her vaginal lips at last, where one gentle rub caused her to 'aah' loudly. She had reached near fever pitch.
She pushed him off her and she knelt over him. "I want to be in control," she whispered, with a trembling tone of extreme arousal.
She stared down at him like a consummate vamp and seized his cock with both hands. "Do your duty," she commanded it, as she guided her pleading vulva towards its head. The heat from her inner temple blasted at his cock's bulbous head. This was the moment, at last, at last...
Her moist pussy lips touched its tip and stroked it along her vulval opening, sending spasms of delight coursing through his belly. The moment of no return was imminent. They both wanted this desperately. Surely nothing could stop them now? A noise outside registered but didn't distract him. He wanted this moment more than anything else ever. A shadow passed across the windows, blocking a shaft of light through a gap in the curtains.
Rachel was lowering her hips onto his pleading, throbbing shaft. Surely nothing short of a police raid would stop them consummating their whirlwind courtship this time?
Except perhaps the door opening noiselessly as the fevered anticipation of their first coupling drowned out the rest of the world from this monumental moment for them both.
"Don't mind me," said the slurred voice of Aunt Penny.
Rachel gasped and fell backwards onto Alex's calves, her legs tossed into the air. They both turned their heads to look at the source of the noise. Rachel's Aunt Penny had entered the chalet and the door was closing slowly and silently behind her. What happened next all seemed to occur in slow motion.
Her aunt's blouse was already in her hand. She dropped and unzipped her tight canvas skirt, which also fell to the floor. She had been commando under it and her fully shaved groin was revealed to be just a little lighter shade of brown from her bronzed hips. Her skin was smooth and unblemished and magnificent. She was sporting an astonishing pair of firm, large, breasts with surprisingly faint and minimal tan lines. Between her parted legs were a very pronounced pair of labial lips that looked like a butterfly.
She sighed with pleasure at feeling her nakedness. She ran her hands through her hair, her humungous orbs rising and swaying in the process. Her hips tilted, one knee pointing forward of the other. Alex's hormones reacted by arousing his body's nerve endings.. Tremors pulsed through his insides even as far as his temples.
His hand went automatically to his cock in his sexual excitement. He hardly realised what he was doing, and couldn't control his organ anyway. It was preparing for automatic ejaculation mode. His cock's swollen head seemingly exploded with sensations, spewing spurts of semen all over Rachel's breasts and belly.
She had been slow to comprehend what was happening. She wailed in horror at the sight of her naked aunt advancing unsteadily on the bed, as the chalet door had swung shut, as if to cut off any escape. Aunt Penny slurred, "I thought you mm-might need shome help; sshhow you what to do."
Aunt Penny had evidently planned to intervene in their love-making session, had probably been watching for the optimum moment from outside, through the gap in the curtains. She was drunk, or at least extremely tipsy, but she looked quite magnificent in her nakedness to Alex's hungry eyes. The very sight of her voluptuous body had caused him to shoot his bolt.
Rachel froze for several seconds, then her head snapped back to glare alternately at him and the strings of semen that had splattered on her front. She looked down at his mess on her as she cried bitterly, "How could you, Aunt?"
Whether the accusation was of her aunt's intrusion, or her triggering of Alex's orgasm, he could not be sure.
Aunt Penny followed her gaze and inspected the scene of his premature ejaculation. Perhaps neither Aunt Penny nor Alex were clear about the meaning of Rachel's comment. Either way, the lovemaking session had come to a premature and unrequited end.
Rachel leapt off the bed in a frenzy and grappled with her confused aunt. Alex found the sight of two naked woman wrestling each other oddly stimulating. It was such an arousing spectacle that he pondered in his own alcohol-fuelled state whether this might have been a pre-arranged move gone wrong, to rope him into a threesome.
But Rachel was screaming at her aunt with fury. The older lady stumbled backwards in drunken shame and alarm. She let out a whimper of regret and slipped slowly to the floor against the chest of drawers under the window. She ended with her back against the furniture, her knees pulled up and splayed apart in an obscene display of overheated pudenda.
Alex stood up to try and restrain Rachel from further violence, and to calm her down. She was staring at her aunt's obscenely exposed body. But she then turned on him and raised her arms as if to strike him.
He held her wrists firmly though not too tightly. She didn't struggle but looked down at the semen trickling down her front. She shook her wrists free, grabbed his discarded clothes, and screamed, "Take these and get out!"
Alex dressed outside, vaguely aware that some heads were peering out of doorways further down the row. He turned his back on them and finished dressing, then sloped off into the relative darkness beyond the chalets.

~*~*~

The Cold Light of Morning
Rachel had kicked Alex out of her shared chalet for the crime of orgasming to the unexpected arrival of her naked Aunt Penny. He had known Rachel for just two days, and it felt like an excessively whirlwind relationship, that had ended even before he had had a chance to get to know her.
He was heading across the Reception towards the restaurant for breakfast the next morning with his parents when his mother called out, "Alex, there's a message for you. Who would be sending you that?"
He froze in his tracks. He could think of one distinct possibility, but he dreaded being proven right. He unwillingly dredged up the excruciating memory of the awful conclusion to the previous evening from the deep location where he had buried it in his consciousness. His mother's eyes bored into him questioningly. He paraphrased Rachel's message. "It's from the girl I met. She's had to leave urgently, with her aunt. They must have managed to book a return flight this morning."
He left it vague, like that, hoping that no probing questions would follow. His mother looked at him suspiciously, then moved on.
So he was alone again, feeling the outsider once more.

~*~*~

Will Alex finally lose his virginity? Is that the last of Rachel and her Aunt Penny? And what is the enigma of that stunning young blonde?
My only reward is your comments so please leave a comment if you enjoyed this story.