Everyone having sex is at least 18. This is fiction, I made it all up. Warning: this is a self-edited story. I do use Grammarly to help reduce my ability to murder the English language. Special thanks to goducks1 for his help.
*****
Chapter 1 -- Helping Tina
I am a 25 years old male. I prefer computer games to everything else in my life. I am what most people would call a slacker. I do have a job but it's not great, I work at a fast food restaurant. I still live at home with my mom and little sister. I have a girlfriend but that's as far as it will ever go. In fact, I think our relationship is better described as fuck buddies. I am with my standard group online in a new game and we are having a ton of fun.
Two girls are on the team. All I know is that they are over 18 and talk goes towards sex often. This is one kinky bunch I play with, they come up with a lot of crazy stuff. That banter online is probably more fun than the actual game. We are the best of friends.
I realize this sounds sick and childish. It is, but to be honest, my life online is better than offline, this is where I choose to play. My mom spends most nights on dates leaving me to watch over my 18-year-old dork sister Tina. At times my sister is cool and even good looking. She just can't decide if she is a cool cheerleader, goth, druggie, or nerd. She seems to change with each boyfriend.
Tonight, is typical for her. She comes home early, looks sad, her makeup is running down her face like she was crying. In a bathing suit she is quite stunning. 5' 2", 100 pounds, C cup breasts and a killer smile. I like her long auburn hair with a curl on the end. She stays in shape and is probably a lot of fun for someone. To me, she is sad too much, kind of depressed. Mom isn't around enough to notice, Tina won't see the doctor. I comment online, Raven and Micron, the girls, suggest I go talk to her. They stop playing and get the others to as well until I talk to her. I log off, I don't want to get killed.
I go to my sister's room and am about to knock but her door is half open. She is on the bed with her panties down and a dildo is up her cunt. She is pumping herself hard enough she doesn't notice me. After she orgasms, she opens her eyes and looks at me with a smile. That's weird behavior. She has a big overstuffed chair in her room, I sit down on it, so we can talk.
I plead, "Tina, I think you need help. You are sad way too much, nothing makes you happy, and tonight you leave your door open while masturbating. It's almost like you wanted to get caught. I know I'm nothing to you but is there something I can do to help?"
She instantly turns into a demon. She throws her pillows, sheets, blanket, clothes, and sex toys at me. She sits there naked on her bed breathing hard and nostrils flaring at me. All I did was ask a simple question.
In her anger she yells at me, "You get to jack off twice a day in the comfort of your bedroom. I CAN'T DO THAT! I need more!"
She pauses, catching her breath.
She continues although not quite as mad now, "My needs are more ... kinky and weird. Guys don't like to play my games and I can't get off. I am not sad you FUCKER!" She is getting mad again. "You, dirt infested, maggot loving slime, I AM FUCKING HORNY! I can't get relief."
Tina quickly turns to pleading, "Leaving my door open helps a bit, but having you standing there helped a lot. I can't get off the standard ways, I need weird. I can't find a guy into weird."
I suggest, "There are two girls online I play with that are super weird and kinky, I could hook you up with them."
Tina is frustrated with me, "Were you dropped as a child? Did I ever say I was into women? I need a master to make me to do crazy shit. A couple of weird chicks out east aren't going to help my needs."
I try a different approach, "I have some college age friends that might be able to help out. They say they are hung like a horse and never left a woman unsatisfied."
Tina interrogates me, "Would they tie me up and whip me or share me with their friends, or force me to fuck strangers at parties or a bar?"
Oh shit, she is crazy. Only a whore does that type of thing. I don't think she is a whore, but I might need to think about this some. My whole image of her just shattered. She does have odd needs.
As I am leaving her room, "Ok, I will tell you when I find a guy like that. In the meantime, I think you should close your door, if mom catches you, with as horny as she has been, she might jump you. She is on a run of bad dates and can't get satisfied. Hell, she is even looking at me."
Tina smiles seductively, "Why shouldn't she look at you. You are tall, thin, clean, reasonably good looking, smart, willing to eat pussy, and you have a big cock without being too big."
I stand in the doorway stunned. I can only look at her. How the hell does she know I eat pussy?
Tina senses my confusion and explains, "I have seen you after a shower and occasionally masturbating. Eyes don't lie and too many of my friends say they know from first-hand experience you aren't bad. Still, you are my brother, it doesn't matter."
I suggest offhandedly, "Next time you Jill, think about me." If she likes me, maybe that will help.
Little did I know at the time, those seven words, "Next time you Jill, think about me," would dramatically alter my life.
I go back online and give a full account of my conversation. My friends are worried about my sister. They tell me horror stories of what guys did to them and how they are lucky to be alive. They also tell me some stories about some wonderful masters and how much fun they had.
They can see the appeal of finding a good one. The problem is there is no label on someone's forehead saying this one a good one and that one is bad. How do you know they are not a serial killer? It's amazing where the human mind goes especially when it gets scared or in my case concerned.
It isn't long before I lose interest for the night. They have me thinking and worrying to the point gaming is no fun. That has never happened before. That means I care what happens to my sister. No kidding. I had no idea. I go to the kitchen and make myself a salad. It isn't long before Tina does the same.
We are both crunching on lettuce when she says, "You were right."
What do I make out of that? You were right. About what? When? Why can't she complete a full thought?
I asked confused, "What?"
Tina says, "I quote, 'Next time you Jill, think about me.' Well, I did, you were right. It did help. However, I have a problem."
Like a rat in a trap, "Ok, I bite, what's your problem? I know you want me to ask you."
She smiles, "Was it better because I was thinking of you or was it better because you told me to do it?"
I suggest, "That's easy, next time you Jill, think about that singer you worship. If it is different one way or the other, that will be your answer."
Tina tells me, "After homework, I will give it a try."
Oh goodie, I will get an update on my sister's masturbation habits. Yes, that ranks up there on the most important facts I need to know. It's right next to, 'When did the president last purchase a pair of socks at a store?'
Feeling better now, I go back online and have fun. At midnight my alarm goes off. I set an alarm nightly, so I don't play all night. I get too involved and lose track of time. I log off and go to bed. I can hear a vibrator going across the hall. I roll over and fall asleep. I don't even want to think about it.
+++++
I wake up about 7:00 AM which is way too early. I am up and once up, no going back to sleep. I go down and make cereal. Mom has coffee going and looks hung over.
I ask, "Shouldn't you be on your way to work? What will your boss say?"
Mom explains, "He is the one that did this to me. I will take my time."
Tina looks better today, maybe my advice worked out great for her and she can masturbate to that weirdo whenever she needs to. I finish breakfast, dress, and go to work. Yeah, fun. Eight grueling hours later and I am on my way home. I smell like a taco.
I can't wait to get some online time in before dinner. I take a quick shower to get the stink of the restaurant off me. Then, it is log on and kick ass time. As I am logging in, my sister walks in. Oh no, no, no, she is going to ruin my evening again. My door is always open, nobody ever comes in. I may need to start closing it. But then, why would anyone come into my room? Nobody cares enough about me to ask a question. Well, until now.
Tina explains, thinking I care, "It worked but not as good."
I am concentrating on my game, I ask, "What are you talking about?"
A frustrated Tina explains, "I masturbated to the singer like you suggested. It was better than before but not as good as masturbating to you. I was thinking, I think that is because of the taboo stuff, you are my brother. That is kinky, I got off on the idea, not because of you."
I can't follow her, "Um, good. I think." RUN! I am being shot at. "That's nice Tina. I am busy."
She is perky and asks, "Tell me to do something else."
Frustrated with her I ask, "What do you want to do?"
Tina sadly explains, "All the things I can think of don't work. I already know what will happen. I don't know how to push myself or I am scared to do it."
Frustrated and just wanting to play, I will suggest something, and she will leave me alone.
I ask Tina, "Can people see you from your bedroom window?"
Tina replies curiously, "Not really, too many trees out back."
I suggest, "Ok, then go to mom's room, turns the lights on, bring a chair to the window and take your shirt off. Leave the bra on. Stay there until you see mom get home or my alarm goes off."
She looks at me like I am weird. She is the one asking dumb questions. We switched games, I have a fun evening killing aliens tonight. My group is awesome. One of the girls did a gangbang last night. She remembered all twenty-four cocks that went into her. That was one long sick story.
Time flies and my alarm goes off before I know it. I log off and start stripping to my shorts. I hear Tina walking down the hallway and into my room. No shirt on still but so what, the bra is still on. She gives me a hug. Now that IS unusual.
An excited Tina explains, "I had a blast doing nothing but looking out the window tonight."
OK, I have no idea what she is talking about. She had fun, looking out a window. I need to insist on a doctor visit. There must be a pill that can help.
Tina continues on her own, "Being exposed like that was a huge turn on. A few people noticed me, I moved out of the way, that made it look like an accident. I have work to do now but I bet it goes fast. I am a leaking faucet. I can't remember the last time I was so wet."
She walks out. After this episode, I am starting to regret talking to my sister. What have my friends done to me? I go to bed and sleep exceedingly well. The next morning both my sister and I are in a good mood.
Mom looks beat up, tired, hair out of place, and running makeup, she is a mess. We ignore her. Tina is humming, I smile at her. She is sooo weird. At least I will have feedback for tonight's online session with my friends. I go to work, come home, shower and play online for a bit before dinner.
At dinner, I can tell that Tina is excited and waiting to talk to me. Waiting for directions no less, like an actress waiting on the director. I make her wait until after dinner. I don't need this shit, I want to play online.
+++++
As she walks into my room, with no prompting, I state, "Topless again but if someone makes eye contact, lose the bra. Have fun."
I go upstairs, and log on. Tina did the dishes and then goes to mom's room. I get online and in this game, we are in the colonial army as snipers. I tell them about my sister and almost immediately half the team logs off. One of the guys explains to me in a single word, "masturbating". I play with some sick people. Within 15 minutes, they are all back and teasing each other.
Mom came home early so Tina came into my room to hide from mom who is already walking up the stairs. Tina walks around a bookcase to hide and stands still. She sees me and takes off her bra. Mom goes to her room, then Tina's room, and then into my doorway.
Mom asks curiously, "Have you seen Tina?"
I truthfully answer, "Yes, I have seen Tina."
I then point at Tina but say, "Brittney's house I think."
Mom says, "Oh ok, I thought I saw her in my room."
Concerned, I ask, "Mom, do you need something? Dinner, aspirin, a drink?"
She smiles at me thinking I was kidding and goes to her room.
Tina puts her bra back on.
I tell her, "Go see Brittney, put your shirt back on, and don't masturbate until you get home and are in your room."
Tina has nice tits. Pretty sure I have never seen them before. I generally like a large handful, her tits stand proud and stiff. Given the chance, I would play with them, no doubt. I understand taking the bra off, that was the instructions. Why didn't she blush? She should have been embarrassed, especially in front of me. Why didn't I blush?
I go back to my gaming. When my alarm goes off, time for bed. I know that long ago, mom went to bed. It's not that I noticed, she is just predictable. What is not predictable, is Tina coming into my room and sitting on my bed.
Tina is appreciative, "Thanks for the help you have been giving me and for helping with mom."
I counter, "Well, it's not like I could say, 'Mom, she is standing in the corner of my room without a shirt or bra on', could I?"
Tina shyly tells me, "You know, since you have been telling me what to do, I have been getting relief. I can sleep at night soundly. I can pay attention at school. This week all A's on quizzes. I need more advice."
Normally, I would let that slip and just go to bed. However, I am concerned about her mental health. She is acting strange and our interaction has been ... weird. No normal brother and sister behave like this. Well, none that I know. I can see the end of these train tracks and it's a massive train wreck.
With concern in my voice. "Tina, you are going to have a big problem if we keep going. You are like a girl hooked on crack. You need a bit more each time or the 'feeling' will go away. Eventually it will kill you or you will have to stop because there is no next level and then you go into withdrawal. That might kill you. I think the best thing to do is stop now before this goes too far. No way this is healthy for you."
Tina replies, "I am getting help at school. I am trying to learn how to control my needs. For now, I need to continue so it will help with my therapy. I go three times a week. I can't learn to control it if nothing is there. Please, I will do ANYTHING you want."
She bites her bottom lip. Wow, I believe her. She would literally do anything for me. If only she wasn't my sister. Maybe I could set her up with my friends. I am not personally willing to go down that rabbit hole ... yet. Oh my, did I even think it could happen? I am going to burn in hell. I smile, I bet all incestuous couples think that.
I ask, "Did you enjoy tonight?"
Excitedly Tina replies, "Hell yes. It was awesome exposing myself to guys that walked by. I knew two from school. That was embarrassing. They stopped to watch so I tweaked my nipples."
I command, "Ok, tonight shave your pussy clean. Tomorrow, short dress or skirt, no bra, and no panties. No flashing! Go to bed and masturbate about the two guys you saw tonight. Imagine them doing all kinds of things to you."
She gets up and leaves the room. There is a damp spot on my blanket. Why am I cursed with a crazy sister? I go to bed. I did not easily fall asleep. What am I going to do with Tina?
Today is Friday, I get up, then have breakfast with mom and Tina. They both look great wearing almost nothing. Tina is flying high, mom looks terrible though.
Concerned, I ask, "Mom, is there a problem? You don't look so great. Why can't you sit still?"
She ignores me, that isn't normal. I grab mom's arm forcibly, "Mom! What is wrong? You don't look well, you can't sit still. Are you on drugs?"
She stares at me but will not answer. She keeps shifting from cheek to cheek in her chair. Daughter like mother?
I inquire, "Mom, did you get spanked last night?"
Now her face goes beet red and she stares at me with a gaping mouth. She tries to speak but can't.
I ask, "Your boss?"
She nods yes.
I get up and get a bottle of Aloe Vera, "Put this on."
Mom explains, "I was told not to put anything on."
I get up, pick her up, 5' 6", 95 lbs. and C cup breasts, mom isn't that hard to pick up. I throw her on the table, face first. Flip up her dress, she has no panties.
She screames, "NO!"
I am too big and strong for her. Tina squeezes the bottle and I rub it in. She stops struggling.
I smirk and say, "YOU did not put any on, you followed his instructions. He never said I shouldn't, and I would not bring it up."
I command mom, "Now go put some panties on and go to work. I have homework for you tonight, so come straight home after work. If you don't that isn't half what I will do to you. GO!"
She ran off with a smile. I look at Tina who has a huge grin on her face.
I ask the ceiling, "Are all the women in my family fucking crazy?"
Tina, with a straight face says, "No but we ARE horny as fuck. Mom once said dad was the only man that could ever satisfy her. Guess what? You look exactly like him. It's only a matter of time."
Disgusted I answer, "Sorry to disappoint you, neither of you turn me on. See, no boner and I just took her panties off and saw all the goods. You two are my mom and sister and will never be anything else. Gaming is my life. You push me, you will be sorry."
Tina just smiles at me like she knows something I don't. Well, the joke is on her. I do like women; however, my mom is not one, pretty sure, my sister isn't either. I could do better if I try. I go to work but was pre-occupied with my mom and sister. Finally, a day that didn't seem to last 48 hours.
Chapter 2 - Orders
I get home and start dinner knowing mom will be home soon. Tina is up in her room doing homework. Mom comes home and from behind me wraps me in a hug. She seems normal today. I turn around, turn her around, bend her over the kitchen table, then pull her blouse up so I can see her back. Just as I suspected, welts and scars. She didn't expect that. What was she expecting? She quickly pulls down her shirt, pushes me away, then sits in a chair.
Mom tries to explain, "You would not understand."
I hand mom a piece of paper with a phone number on it.
I command her, "Call the man and tell him your name and that you want the job. I know what time it is, call now."
I finish making dinner. Mom comes down still dressed for work.
Mom looks very happy and says, "I will be home later, sorry honey."
Tina comes down, "What is that all about?"
I explain, "Mom's boss has been abusing her and I know my buddy Mark's dad works in an office and he is looking to hire a new secretary. I assume she is going over for an interview and probably a good fucking. He will take better care of her. Looking for a job yet? They may want summer help."
Tina is grossed out, "No, I don't want anything to do with your sleazy friends. How could you do that to mom? Are you a pimp?"
Annoyed, I answer, "Hey, don't give me that attitude. You saw mom's ass at breakfast, her back was even worse. She has welts AND scars. It has been going on for a while. I know some women like it rough but there should never be scars."
Tina is grinning from ear to ear, "Today was a lot of fun at school. Some guys noticed I had no bra on and their mouths opened, they stared at me. I cupped my breasts and shook my shoulders to make my breasts wiggle, they don't do that much, too small. My nipples got hard, they could see that."
I suggest, "Tonight, after dinner and until it gets dark out, you are going to the park down the street. This time when a guy eyes you, you will flash him your pussy."
We ate dinner and immediately after, Tina leaves the house for the park. I go upstairs and have a few nice hours of quiet time playing online. Everyone wants an update, I have a lot to report. I hear mom get home, I assume eat dinner, and then I hear the TV. Wow, a normal night for her. When it got dark outside, Tina came home and comes straight up to my room. She sits on my bed. I look at her, she smiles, pulls up her dress, exposing herself to me. Damn she is pretty.
Amused, I ask, "Have fun?"
Tina gives me a huge smile, "I tried to stay away from crowds and to the side. I ran into an old man walking his dog, two kids, a friend of mine, and a guy I knew from school. I did not flash the two kids, I assume you didn't want me to, right? I mean you can't be that sick, right?"
I answer, "You did the right thing. No, you should never subject anyone under 18 to our games. When in doubt, don't. This rule is in place forever. Failure to follow this rule will end everything. There is no gray area. You understand?"
Tina is surprised at my intensity, "Yes, no problem, chill dude. I could not and will not do that to minors. We are in complete agreement. My friend saw me and came to me. It was degrading flashing her, she asked about it. I told her my boyfriend has me doing this. She came with me to watch.
"When we ran into the old man, she watches me and giggles. When we see the guy from school, she holds my hands up, I stay exposed. She then takes a finger and puts it into my pussy. She squishes her fingers around and then takes it out and sucks her fingers clean in her mouth."
Tina gasps, "I was mortified, I ran off with her following me. We went into the woods and she took three fingers and shoved them in my pussy and starts fucking me with her hand. I was frozen, I let her use me."
Tina is slightly crying, "She is a girl, my friend, and she used me. She tasted my juices, loved it, and she orgasmed before I did."
I tell her, "Tina, I want you to go to your room and masturbate thinking about your friend."
She looked shocked, although she did as I asked. Everyone online liked where this is going. I am unsure. This is my sister and I really have no interest in helping her sexually. She ignored me my whole life and I in turn, ignore her. We have a good relationship as far as I am concerned.
I have little attachment to her other than I know she is related to me, for that I feel some responsibility for her and mom. It's not their fault dad took off. With as crazy as these women are, maybe he had the right idea. Maybe I should leave as well. I would have to get a real job. That would cut into my gaming time. Not going to happen.
About 10:00 PM mom comes upstairs, walks into my room and sits on my bed. She doesn't say anything, just watches what I am doing. I call it a night online, this is too weird.
Curiously I ask, "Ok mom, what do you want?"
Mom gets up, walks to me and sits in my lap sideways. She puts her arms around me and gives me a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
Mom is happy and explains, "I got a new job today. A nice raise comes with it. No sex, no games, no humiliation in or out of the office. He did mention that he's liked me since you and his son became friends. His wife took off, he has been lonely. I explained about my needs and so he fucked me good. Monday, he will escort me back to my old office, I will quit and get my stuff. He is changing my phone number so my old boss can't reach me."
Mom continues, "I know I have not been much of a mom for years and you have watched over me and Tina. Thank you."
I got another hug. She seems very sad.
She feels the need to continue, "When your dad left, I was a mess and I let men use me in ways you can't imagine, well I hope you can't. How is Tina doing? I noticed you two are getting along recently. I hope you aren't taking advantage of her."
Shocked and disgusted, "Mom! I could easily have done just that. She has a lot of you in her and she is going through a hard time. She can't satisfy her urges. I told her once to go away and do something. She did, and it satisfied her. She seems to like men telling her what to do and it has to be ... different."
Mom is curious and asks, "Different how?"
I explain, "Different as in kinky. I am worried. I see this escalating and then there will be nothing else to do. Then what?"
Mom is shocked and sad, "Then she crashes hard and we have to be there for her. Especially you."
Annoyed I ask, "Me? What did I do?"
Mom knowingly explains, "She is listening to you and when she can't get off, she will still have needs, you will be able to fulfill them."
Pleadingly, "Mom, I am her brother. I don't like her like that and it's illegal."
Mom smirks, "Then you better hope she isn't like me. You will need to watch out for her. She will be very vulnerable and aggressive when she is on the prowl for sex."
Relieved, "Oh wait, she isn't looking for sex."
Mom smirks, "Yet."
She smiled with a knowing smile, gets up off me, and goes to her bedroom. She left a damp spot on my shorts. Damn these horny women.
Chapter 3 -- The Mall
The next morning, I wake up with a grin on my face. I am still groggy, eyes not open, OK, focus ... hmmmm ... not working, but feeling something odd, it has me disoriented. I think I am close to release. What!! There's a mouth is on my cock. A blanket is over my head. I am furious. Why am I furious when it feels so good? Why fight it?
Only two people I know can do this on a Saturday morning, the only two in the house. Oh fuck! I push the person off my cock. I push away the bedding. Tina is sitting on the end of my bed naked and disoriented. She has tears in her eyes and now she starts to cry. Her eyes are puffy, she is looking at me like she is pleading her case.
A sobbing Tina asks, "Am I that bad?" She looks down.
Tina still crying and trying to talk, "My own brother would rather handle his cock that get a blowjob from me. I must give the worst blowjobs in the world."
Now she is crying hard and falls forward on my bed. I really don't need this, I should be eating breakfast or playing online. I move down the bed, pick my limp sister up, and hold her in my arms.
I try to calmly explain, "You were doing great, I was close to erupting. However, I like picking the time, place, and person. I will never pick my family. I am not that kind of guy."
She asks me, "After breakfast will you take me out shopping?"
That's a whole lot better so eagerly I reply, "Yes, shopping I will do with you."
She stops crying, sits up, gives me a quick kiss on the lips and runs off. Did she know I would react that way? Did she plan this? I want to play online, it's Saturday!
I take my shower and find Tina downstairs making breakfast for us. I watch intently so I don't get sick like the last three times. Sure enough, she almost screws up. She seems to think you can use few day old dirty dishes. Gross.
She is wearing a modest (for her) sundress that is about knee high, sandals, no bra, and I would guess, no panties. Almost no makeup, just a bit on her eyes and some cool pattern on her nails. Her hair is back in a single pony tail with a scrunchie. Today, she is good looking, even I would fuck her ... if she wasn't my sister.
Breakfast didn't kill me, mom slept in, we didn't see her before we left. Spring break is around the corner, she needs new panties, a bikini, and some shoes. We stop at a big-name shoe store; a young man verified her shoe size. She is sitting in a chair, he is on the ground with the shoe size device. He put his hand on her calf and moved it into position. He then gets a surprised look on his face and looks up at Tina who blushes. He pulls away his hand and brings it to his nose to smell and then he licks his hand.
Swell, she is horny and leaking on the guy. He puts his hand back.
I say to Tina, "Help him."
She looks horrified but smiles as she takes a hold of his hand and pushes it further up her leg. I can hear his fingers squishing in my sister. He puts a second hand under her dress. She moans softly. I get up to find some shoes in her size. The guy told me her size. I look around and find a nice pair on sale. They will do. Tina and her buddy are close, almost done.
Does he know she is about to squirt on him? Ewwwww. Nope. She gets up and we go pay. He is sitting on his ass with her cum all over his pants, shirt, hands, and arms. How does he go back to work now? How do you explain that? I grab the bag with shoes and we leave.
Tina takes my hand in her hand and says, "Thank you, that was great."
We go to a store with cheap clothes, you know the place, yes, that one. She picks up a dozen panties. I look at her, a dozen?
She looks at me funny, "Do you really want me to explain why I need these and what happens?"
I hold up my hand, "I really don't want to know, I trust you on this one."
We go to a store that specializes in sporting wear for runners and such. They also have a great selection of bathing suits. Very few people are in the store and a hot lady stops by to see if we need help. This "little" girl, her, I want to fuck. Time to play.
The girl is tall, nearly 6 foot. She has long black hair in a pony tail and it's perfectly straight. She has an angular face that ends at a point on her chin. High cheek bones, big smile, huge dark eyes. She has wide shoulders, a thin waist, and then it flares out a bit for the classic hourglass look. However, she is top heavy. They must be fake. Way too big and sturdy. They practically shoot straight out. They are huge round orbs.
She is dressed like she is ready to go dancing. A poufy blouse with two buttons undone and a short black skirt. Lets of great cleavage and leg showing. She ignores Tina and smiles big at me.
I talk like the Master of my pet, demeaning, "My pet here needs a new suit. I want her to try on something nice but not slutty. Then I want to see her in it. I need to verify it meets my approval."
Tina immediately swings her head at me when I say, "My pet" and she smiles. She seems way too willing to play this game. The first outfit is too much, it covers everything.
Displeased, I say, "No, I want to see that she is a woman. This is a burlap sack."
Next one is better but hot pink.
Displeased, I say, "I hate hot pink, still not revealing enough."
Third one was still too much. This surprises me, I thought she would go slutty.
I look at Kim, it's what her name tag says, "Can you help my shy pet find something sexier yet classy. I am getting bored, she is taking too long, can you help her change please? Let's pick up the pace." I give her my killer smile.
Kim smiles, Tina pleads, "Master please don't let her touch me."
I slap her face.
I raise my voice, "Go!"
Oh my, did I just do that? Kim gets several suits and Tina is out quicker.
Now happy, I reply, "This is much better, I don't like the floral pattern and it's not what I want, but much closer."
They go back, I hear Kim, "Just let me help, enjoy it."
They came back out in a canary yellow suit and has metal rings holding the pieces together.
Not my style, I dejectedly say, "Too bright and I am not a fan of metal."
They go back in, I hear a struggle, then silently they both come out. This one is light blue and a bit more suit than I like.
I compliment the choice, "I like the color; light blue is good for her. I would rather see something more ... revealing."
Kim smiles and get more suits.
Kim goes in, Tina says, "no way," I hear a slap, and a minute later they come out.
This one is much more revealing, it is practically transparent.
I am in awe, I love it, "As much as I love that suit, we will be on a public beach and it just won't do. You are close."
I smile at Kim and Kim smiles at me. They go back in, no noise this time and quickly they are back out. This is a darker blue than before, it has three blue triangles covering the important places with silver strings holding it together.
I am impressed, I smile, "Now this I like."
I take Kim's hand in mine and bring it to Tina's breast, "See how it covers her perky breasts just right."
I move her hand down to cup her pussy hiding bottoms.
I sexily add, "Can't see a hair and looks natural, yes this is perfect. Now go help her get dressed please. Whatever it takes. Tina, be nice to Kim, thank her for her help."
I smile at both girls. My meaning is clear. Kim has a huge smile on her face. She grabs Tina by the hand and takes her back into the room. I listen intently, sounds like clothes quickly falling to the floor.
I hear Kim command, "Open those legs."
I hear Tina let out a moan. I step into the room shocking both women. Kim is eating Tina, she is bent over. Perfect. I take Kim's dress and flip it up and then I pull her panties down. She widens her stance allowing me full access to her cunt. I stick a finger in and she is wet.
I pull down my pants and underwear, step behind Kim, and slowly inch my way in. She is no virgin; however, she obviously has not had a large cock inside of her. Kim is moaning now.
I give instructions, "Kim, keep eating, my pet needs pleasure."
As I say pet, Tina orgasms. Kim never stops. I am now all in on Kim, I hold for a moment, she adjusts and then I start a slow fucking. We need to speed this up, people will come looking. I quickly move to a much faster in and out motion. I can't possibly go any faster.
Kim continues to eat Tina's pussy, she whimpers, "Not in me."
Unprotected pussy, so tempting to not listen. She has been a great sport so why ruin the moment and besides no real man would do such a disrespectful thing. I don't want to ruin her life. I am ready, I can blow at any moment. I pull out, Kim pulls Tina to me, time is up, I push forward into Tina's mouth hard. Her eyes go wide open in shock. At that precise moment, I let loose several loads of cum.
With a smile on my face, I explain, "Don't swallow."
I stop, she sucks the last of my cum from my now shrinking cock. I then nod my head at Kim and Tina kisses Kim and transfers my cum. Kim shows me and then swallows. Tina goes back and cleans up my cock. I pull up my underwear, my pants, and leave the room trying to look calm, cool, and collected. In my mind, I am anything but. I feel fantastic, but I can't let it show. An older woman working at the store sees me come out, gives me a stern look, then laughs and smiles.
She nicely asks me, "Need some help?"
I politely answer, "Kim took care of everything, thank you."
We both share a knowing smile as I wait by the cash register. While waiting, I text one of my buddies. I pay for the bikini. It seemed like the least I could do. We walk out, Tina is arm in arm with me. We go outside to a bench, sit down, and talk.
Tina is very excited, "I got five orgasms in there. First as she was helping me change, she touched a lot of my body. Second was her eating me out. Third was you fucking her. Fourth was us swapping your cum, OMG that was super kinky. The last one, I was putting on my shirt when she takes that tiny hand of hers and shoves it up my cunt. She goes in to just below her elbow. When she spread her fingers open, I orgasmed again. She pulled out and we both finish dressing. She has a towel in there to wipe off her arm."
She sat still thinking about the encounter again. In a blur she leans over and grabs me for a hug as she orgasms again. My only hint, because of her movement, was the ripples I feel going through her body as she hugs me tight. When she recovers, I tell her we are leaving. We get up and walk to the car.
Chapter 4 -- The Park
I complement my sister, "You played the part well today. It was almost like we rehearsed it."
Tina confidently explains, "In my mind I already had a million times. My fantasy has always been for you to dominate me and make me yours. You never showed any interest. When you said pet, that triggered my fantasy and I was immediately in the role as pet and you as master. Because of your anxiety with me being a sister I never pushed it. You know I would do anything for you, yet you don't take advantage of me or mom."
Curiously, I ask, "Why would you mention mom?"
Tina replies with a silly grin, "Oh please, have you not seen the way she looks at you? Geez, you must be blind. You look just like dad and from the discussions we have, you two have a major thing in common."
I am disgusted, "How far away would I have to move?"
Tina is confused, "What?"
I am now explaining to a child, "How far away would I have to move before you two would forget about me and leave me alone?"
Tina thought about it and then says, "I think you would have to be at least on the International Space Station. We both love you but understand how you feel. We are your family, what we want, we know we shouldn't. You are the one decent person amongst us three and we respect you for it. We have both given you every opportunity to take us, use us, yet you have resisted. Part of me feels bad because I am not pretty enough, part of me is proud of you to be strong and follow your beliefs."
I console her, "Tina, you are pretty enough. If not for being my sister, I would want you to be my girlfriend."
I put the bags in the trunk, and we take off. Tina looks confused when we don't take the normal route home. We stop at a large park. Hiking trails, picnic areas, play-ground, lake, large fields for soccer, and jogging trails. We park, get out and I pull out a tie-down strap. We start walking on one of the paths. I take her to the picnic area and it is empty. We continue walking to the corner of a large field and to the edge of the trees.
I then take the tie-down and bind her hands and wrists together. It's loose but not enough to escape from. I then tie the long end to a small tree. I set her up against the tree. I pull her dress down revealing her bra. I take off the bra and wrap it around her head as a blindfold. It's not perfect but will mostly block her vision.
My only instructions, "Tell them what you want."
Tina is nervous, "I can't stop them."
I curiously ask, "Do you want them to stop?"
Timidly Tina answer, "Maybe." I walk away.
I am about 100 yards from her at a picnic table looking at Facebook. I keep an eye on her to see if she gets any interest. It takes about fifteen minutes before a single guy is jogging close enough to see her. He looks around. My head is looking down at my phone. My eyes are looking up at him. Looks like a decent guy and athletic. He walks up to Tina and they talk.
After about two minutes he slides her onto her back. He pulls her panties off, then drops his shorts and underwear. He looks about average, no beer can or foot long, that's for sure. He fucks her hard and fast. Strange, I feel a bit of jealously. I never expected that to happen.
A young couple on a walk are now nearing Tina. They stay at a distance and watch. It looks like they are checking on Tina and inching closer. The guy stiffens and stays deep inside Tina, obviously dumping his load of cum into my little sister. I just got her laid.
The guy quickly pulls up his underwear and shorts, then runs away from the couple. They go to her and start comforting Tina. The woman massages her chest, feeling her boobs and I would bet rock hard nipples. The guy is kissing my sister and has a hand in her pussy. His hand stops, did she just orgasm?
The jogger, now a few feet away, "Thanks Tony, your sister is a great fuck."
He hasn't had enough experience for that to mean much. The woman now moves down to eat my sister's cunt. The guy is positioned to receive a blowjob, or he is administering a face fucking, can't tell from this distance. I can see the guy tense, shooting a load in my sister's eager mouth.
His girl cleans him off and then continues sucking him back to hardness. They now swap positions. Tina resists eating pussy but doesn't really have a choice. The guy appears to have a small dick, he isn't in a rush, he starts off slow, can't help himself, he is noticeably increasing his speed to an almost blur.
He may be small, but it sure goes quick. Tina is having a hard time eating pussy so that earns her a slap from the woman. That brings her back to her task. This isn't going to last long so I get up and start walking to them. I am not really a big guy but compared to the girl and the guy, I am like a giant at 6' and 130 lbs. At best, the guy is 100 lbs. They see me coming and they are trying hard to finish, I slow down.
The guy stiffens, shooting his load into Tina. The girl stops eating and looks at me.
I look directly at the girl, "How about putting that talented tongue to work and slurp that spunk from that well used pussy."
She eagerly gets into position and start slurping. The guy pulls his girlfriend's panties all the way off and rolls up the dress. She is on hands and knees slurping the cum from two loads in my sister. This is an invitation I can't pass up. I am much larger, I push in slowly, hitting places no other man has.
She lets out an "OH FUCK, he is huge, he is splitting me open! Fuck, fuck, I am so full, fuck me harder!"
I say, "Eat that cunt bitch!"
I start slamming in and out of her tight cunt. This will ruin their experience for a while but hey, he suggested this. I was already horny from watching the previous events, I want this to last. However, we have been here a long time and we are pressing our luck.
I tell the guy, "Unbind my pet."
A few longer, harder strokes, and my balls swing up hitting her cunt, the two of us orgasm at the same time. I pump seven monster loads into this woman.
I pull out and the guy cleans me off. Not what I wanted.
I roll the girl over and tell Tina, "Return the favor, clean her up."
This time Tina is very willing to eat a cunt. It's possible that having my cum dropping out doesn't hurt any. I pocket the bra, pull up my underwear and shorts, then put Tina's dress in place so it covers her boobs. When Tina finishes, she licks her lips then gives the girl a hot and heavy kiss. She smiles and then looks at us.
As we walk away, Tina says, "See you at school on Monday Beth and Jim!"
She holds my hand and we walk back to my car. We don't say a word.
Once in the car with air conditioning going, I ask, "You have any fun?"
I wasn't going to let her know the guy was a buddy of mine.
She shocks me, "Your buddy was very sweet."
Swell, he told her. What an asshole, I told him not to.
Tina explains, "He told me you set us up, he wasn't ugly, told me I was beautiful, and he was going to fuck me good and hard. He then freaks out a bit when the couple shows up. They didn't talk much so I didn't realize it was my friends until after you took the blindfold off. It was a wonderful experience being fucked by strangers, however, I would not have let my friend Jim fuck me, he is weird."
Relieved, I say, "Ok, then I will find something else. We are going home, will take a shower, then I need some gaming time, I am in withdrawal."
We drive home, mom stops us as we walk through the door. She is still in a good mood.
Mom naively asks, "How was your day?"
Apparently, Tina has no filter, "We had a great day shopping. I was eaten, I ate pussy, I got fucked twice, Tony got fucked twice, I ate four loads of sperm. I was restrained and blindfolded by my brother. Could a day get any better?"
Mom is shocked, "Did he fuck you?"
Tina now has a sad face, she mumbles, "No, he won't fuck me."
I can see the disappointment in her face. The worse part is that mom looks just as disappointed.
She is happy to report, "But I did clean his cock once and eat two of the loads. I ate one from his cock after he pulled out of Kim, a sales person. The second was from a pussy he just fucked. It wasn't a total loss of the day."
Mom looks sad and says, "You get all the fun."
Tina runs up to her room.
I ask, "Have you been home all day?"
Mom replies, "No, I did grocery shopping and got snacks for movie night tonight."
I curiously ask, "Not going on a date tonight?"
Mom smiles happily, "No need, I am happy in my life again, he fucked me good and let me enjoy it. I can't thank you enough for what you have done for me." She runs to me and strongly hugs me.
Mom has tears in her eyes, "I don't deserve you. I love you so much. Thank you for all you have done."
She holds me a few seconds.
Mom smirks, "You smell, go take a shower!"
I walk upstairs, strip, and then walk into my shower. I turn the water on and adjust the temperature. Quickly the bathroom door opens and closes then the shower door opens and closes and a wet naked Tina steps into my shower. She immediately puts her hand over my mouth.
In a very commanding and scary voice she says, "Shut the fuck up and listen to me good."
Tina presses me up against the wall.
Tina is possessed and continues, "You have made me do some very perverted things, I have loved them all. I had sex with men and women and I wasn't grossed out with the women. You have expanded my notion of sex and for the first time since I started having needs about four years ago, I am satisfied. I can sleep at night with ease and wake up refreshed.
"The sex has been mind-blowing; a bunch of fantasies have been fulfilled. You have been an amazing brother. You haven't received anything close to as much fun out of this as I have. You don't get sex nearly enough for a guy your age. Right now, I don't give a damn about society, morals, or laws. You are going to fuck me good and hard. You have two seconds to shove that joystick up my pussy."
Tina put both hands on the opposite side of the shower after she bends at the waist. I thought I couldn't move a muscle. I look down and I see that my cock is already aligning with her hot wet hole. I have enough control that I thrust hard into her, hoping it will hurt and she will never do this again. I had the opposite effect. She is so wet already that I slip right in. Yes, it had to hurt a bit because she isn't accustomed to something my size, however, she purrs like a cat. Like she requests, I quickly fuck her hard and fast.
We both need this, she really wants this, I didn't. As I am fucking her hard I am angry at myself for giving in. Something I promised myself I would never do. She is my sister not a fuck buddy. I just want to help her out, something any sane brother would do. So how do I go from making an off handed comment to fucking my sister in a week? This is stupid. I am now taking my anger out on Tina.
I am grunting and slamming into her much harder than I normally would a woman. I must be hurting her, yet she is moaning. She could move yet she doesn't. The slut is loving this I bet. What a sick family I have. As I snap back to my actions, I am pumping rope after rope of cum into my sister's pussy.
Chapter 5 -- Enough of This!
When done, I pull out, Tina falls to the ground, her orgasm still rippling through her. I rinse off, turn off the water, dry off, and then go back to my room where I dress. I am full of anger, I go downstairs so I can go for a walk. Mom stops me by grabbing my arm.
Mom senses my anger, "What's wrong honey?"
As I turn towards her, she can see the anger in my eyes. She looks scared, she lets go.
I angrily say, "I am done with you two! Done!"
I walk out of the house and didn't stop walking. Three, or is it four miles later I am at the mall just walking around, drifting. There is a book store there. I buy a paper and there is a free apartment guide there as well. I buy a pen and a notebook for taking notes. I get kicked out at 1 AM. I start walking and run into a local college. Their library is open 24 x 7. I can get my old resume off Indeed, update it, and then start sending out resumes. I don't have a college degree nor much experience. The best thing I have going for me is I don't change jobs often.
I am looking for entry level jobs or jobs that require smarts and no college. I start researching the companies to see which ones I can advance at. I stay clear of sales and telephone jobs, not my style, I want something I want to do. One caught my eye, "Like to play games, call ..." Short and to the point. The phone number was unlisted so probably a disposable and a scam. They got a special resume, just as simple, a game I liked, my name, and my email address. My cover letter: "I like games and want a job. Tony."
A lot of night manager jobs online and that would not be so bad, I can easily adjust my game times. I use the washroom, go to an outdoor café, have a coffee and a muffin. I realize I didn't go home and I don't have my phone. I don't feel like dealing with them anyways. They will live without me, soon it will literally be true. I start looking for a place to live. There is a direct correlation between the cost of an apartment and where it is located. I need a place in a good enough location that when I go home, my PC will still be there. Then I notice there are places looking for roommates.
I have two roommates already; not sure I want to go through that again. One bed and bath studios are reasonable. I don't have a deposit though. I am stuck for a while. Oh crap, I am late for work. I get to walk two miles to work. Yippee. I am late, they give me grief, mom called but I wasn't there at the time, I can't call now. They let me stay two extra hours to make up my time and I eat there. I am hungry. I just realized its Sunday night and mom and Tina haven't seen me since about noon on Saturday.
I get home real late, there is a police car out front and only one light on in the house. I walk up to the house and the officer is at the front door knocking on it.
I ask, "Can I help you?"
The guy's stunned, he didn't expect someone coming up behind him. His hand goes to his gun. He didn't pull it out, just has his hand resting on the gun handle.
I put up my hands, "Hey, I live here, I am just getting home from work. Why are you here?"
The door opens. Mom doesn't see me, she didn't turn on the outside light. She asks the officer to come in, he makes me go in first.
I follow mom in and sit on the couch. She sits in the chair. She looks like shit. She has been looking at the floor and sits stunned.
I say, "Hi mom."
She can't process what I said. She didn't see me come in. Does she think I am a ghost?
Finally, the officer asks, "Is this your missing son?"
Mom looks at me, all she can do is nod yes.
I add, "I think I can explain..."
There are many details I leave out. I explain where I was, when I was there, what I was doing, and showed him my notes from the last 24 hours. For my effort I got a lecture on how to treat my mother and he leaves. Mom sits in silence as I explain about looking for a better job and my own place. Tears run down her face. I let the officer out, thanked him for his help, and then I go up to bed. No shower, no changing, just put my stuff down, turn off the lights, fall in my bed, and fall asleep.
Monday, I wake up, breakfast alone, and then go to work. I get off work, shower, dress, and start playing online. I have a lot of explaining to do, I wasn't on for two days. I wasn't up for discussing my life, I made that clear, we just go about playing. I get a bunch of private "tells" from the group, but I wasn't talking, I still have that anger. I played right through dinner and at the midnight alarm I log off, changed into shorts and go to bed.
I hear Tina throughout the week but never saw her, she stays out of my way, good. Mom seems to do the same up until Friday morning. She is waiting for me at breakfast.
Mom is annoyed and hurt, "So, you are just going to ignore us and run off on your own sometime soon?"
I reply, "I would not so much say running off as I would say maturing and moving out on my own. I have been a lazy good for nothing child that needs to grow up and do something more with my life than the crappy restaurant job and gaming. I need more from life. I want a girlfriend that isn't just a fuck buddy. I want someone that will love me and that I can love. My life is hollow, I need some meaning."
Mom suggests, "You sister loves you very much, she would do anything for you. She is cute, much like I was at your age when your father made me his."
Frustrated, I explain, "Mom, I am not like dad. I don't want to own my sister. I love you two but only as a mother and sister. No more."
Mom is confused, "Then why did you leave?"
Ouch that hurt, I can't say I was starting to have feelings about my sister.
I try to explain my feelings, "A lot has been going on, most of it within me. I have needs, wants, desires and a lot of guilt. I just need time. I will never leave your life completely, I will just be a smaller part of it. I must go to work. Bye."
Chapter 6 -- Changes
I get home from work, mom has two wine glasses, one filled in her hand, the other and a bottle on the table. Airplane, my favorite movie is on and only about five minutes in to it.
Mom asks, "It just started, pour yourself a glass, and come join me."
I pour myself a glass, sit down next to mom and she curls up with me. I put my arm around her and she looks at me like I gave her a million dollars. We watch the movie, I drink the wine, and slowly, I get very sleepy.
I am woken up later. My limbs are tied to the couch and two chairs. I am naked. My naked mother and sister are sitting on my side rubbing me.
Mom sounds crazy, "We own you now, you are ours to enjoy the way we want. You better get used to being tied up. From now on I am Mistress. You lost your name, you are a slave. You live to please us."
Freaking out, I ask, "What the hell is the matter with you?"
Mom pulls out a thin crop. It's about 2 feet long in total. There is a long firm handle, a flexible section that is firm, and then on the end is a bit of leather for inflicting pain. A slight but forcible flick of the wrist creates a fair amount of pain. An overhand hit can make a man cry. I am given a light whack to my inside thigh. It didn't hurt much, however, I scream out in pain.
Mom says sexily, "Naughty boy, my name is Mistress. Use it or you will get more taps and they can get much harder. What is my name?"
Eventually, I will get free. They are going to pay big time for this.
I reply defiantly, "Mistress."
Mom teases, "Now that wasn't so hard, was it?"
I give no answer.
Mom is curious, "Let's see what talents you have. Eat my pussy."
She moves over my face and smothers me, I reluctantly eat her pussy. She then tilts back so I can breathe through my nose. Mom tastes good, I take my time.
Whack!
She isn't very good at the pain part, but to keep it that way I scream, "Oh, Fuck, that hurts!"
Whack, whack, two more.
Mom explains, "I didn't say you could talk, and you took too long to get me off. Better go faster or you get more."
I start moving much faster. She starts to moan and breath hard. She gave the crop to Tina. Tina hit me once on the lower ribs, I screamed into mom's cunt which she likes. Tina can't possibly think that hurts.
Tina explains, "That was for treating me like a slut."
Wait a minute, you are a slut! Whack! She hit the back of my leg near my ass. That one I could feel.
Tina is angry, "That was for making me feel like shit and running off."
You practically raped me! WHACK! She hit me hard on the underside of my arms. If she does it again that hard, we are going to have a serious problem. Defiantly, I stop eating mom.
Tina explains, "That was for making me feel cheap in the shower."
Mom gets up, my eyes close. Tina grab my balls in her hand like she is going to squeeze them.
Mom screamed with power, "No! I want those intact. I love cum."
Tina swaps position with mom and I eat her out. I picture Kim from the swim suit experience, that made it a lot easier to accept and I am much better to Tina than mom.
They each orgasm three more times before they got tired of me and go upstairs to bed. They leave me alone on the floor. My jaw is sore from eating pussy, and I am tired from the night. I am unable to move. I pull one of the chairs to me. It isn't that heavy. With the slack I can undo one arm. Once it is free it isn't that hard to escape from the rest. Wait a minute, this is too easy.
I sit there and think. Is this a set up? What do they really want? They want me as master. They get me mad, I go upstairs, beat the living daylights out of them, make them my slaves, and they are happy. They get what they want, I will be miserable. Nope, not doing that.
I sit at the dining room table and write them a note:
++++++++++
To my mom and sister,
I love you both, but I can't play your games. I am not that kind of guy. I must leave for a while. I hope to return but that may not be possible. I will leave that up to fate. Tina, I am leaving you my car and my computer. Mom, I will send you my savings and will send home money as I can. I would like Tina to use the money I send home to attend college. That or my death benefits should be enough to get her through school.
Don't bother with the cops, they will be able to find me, but they won't be able to bring me home. I am a grown man and I have made some decisions of my own free will. You forced me to make this decision and we will all need to deal with it. I don't know how this will work out. No matter what happens to me, I still love you both.
When I am ready, if I am capable, I will come back.
Love Tony.
++++++++++
I leave my keys on the counter and walk out of the house and down to the recruiters. The few, the proud, and now, the Tony. I stop using my old email and only send email to my online friends to say good bye and that I will be back in about five years. I did stay in touch with a few.
Chapter 7 -- Home
Five years later...
I spent five years in the Marine's. First in basic training and then I shipped out and was sent to fight overseas. That's where I learned to be a Marine and I became a man. I did all the hardest work I could find and during those years, I lifted weights, worked out, and went from 130 to just over 200 pounds and it's all muscle. Before I had none, now I am about as fit as you can get. My hair turned a darker brown as I aged, I now have a full beard although I keep it short. My hair is also short.
I just got out of the Marines. The bus takes me within a few miles of home. Five years ago, I would have called a friend. Nobody to call and now and walking a few miles is nothing. I have on my standard fatigues and a hat. I learned to wear a hat in the hot desert sun and now it's part of me. I have a big backpack with all my life's belongings. It's basically just two uniforms and some old underwear.
I see the old house. My old car out front confirms they still live there. Now it will be interesting to see if I am welcome or not. I set mom up with a good guy, is she married? Hopefully Tina went to college, she should be graduated, working, maybe met a boyfriend at school. I guess she could be married. Just two cars in the driveway, the same two that always sat there. Not promising.
I walk up to the front door and for the first time in five years I am scared. Being shot at and being shot didn't scare me. Happens too quick to be scared. Training takes over and you deal with the task at hand. The thought of the beating I might endure or the screaming I might hear scares me. I deserve it for the way I left. That was a terrible thing to do to them.
I knock on the door, doorbell doesn't work. No answer. I knock harder, no answer. I knock again.
Mom yells, "I don't want whatever your selling! Go away."
I knock again and now I have a smile on my face. She is going to be mad.
Sure enough, she comes storming up to the door, flings it open, looks at me and says, "Are you deaf? I don't want no BOY SCOUT cookies!"
I calmly reply, with a smile, "Mom, I am no Boy Scout and we don't sell no Boy Scout cookies."
She is frozen. She is trying to process what I just said. She is looking at me hard, from top to bottom. She faints into my arms. That is an interesting response.
I easily scoop her up and walk into the house.
I yell "Tina!"
Not my deep commanding voice that scares the new recruits but loud enough so that if she is in the house, she will come out. Sure enough, Tina comes walking in from out back. She was tanning. She is surprised to see a dirty and dusty soldier standing in her house holding her mother who appears to be out cold.
I say to Tina, "Mom needs some water, she fainted."
I don't think the fact that I used the word mom registered, she is in a daze looking at me. She is confused, this doesn't happen every day. I point with my eyes to the cabinet where the cups are located. She grabs a cup and fills it with some water.
I say, "A wet towel might help as well. It's OK, I won't hurt her. She will be all right."
Tina goes to the kitchen table and sits down. She almost misses the chair. She stares at me.
I use the towel to wipe mom's face, it helps to wake her up.
I say to Tina, "It's really me, your brother Tony. Honestly."
She looks harder at me. It's like she is putting together a puzzle. Meanwhile mom has woken up. She drinks the water, is softly crying, and hugs me tight.
Tina is now able to speak, "Tony, you are ... different ... bigger ... ALIVE!"
Now it hit her. She jumps up and leaps onto me. I am rock solid and don't move a bit. She hugs me tight and starts to cry. She is giddy with emotions.
I ask, "Can I take you and any significant others you guys have out to dinner? I haven't eaten since early this morning and I'm starving. Something close to a hotel would be nice. I don't know how long I will be here."
They both turn pale and look at me with horror on their faces. Yikes!
Mom is shocked and confused, "Aren't you going to stay here?"
I reply with a smile to seem less threatening, "Mom, with the way I left, I wasn't even sure I would make it in the house. I behaved poorly when I left. I am prepared to stay a day or two and then move on where I have job offers. I acted like a child five years ago. I came home prepared for the worst and frankly, I expected it because of the way I acted. You two didn't deserve the way I left."
Mom is relieved, "You go put your bag in your room, take a shower, and get dressed. Tina, you go put some clothes on and let's get this man some food."
I tell mom with a smile, "You don't out rank me anymore. However, when a good idea comes along, I go with it. I will be back in a while."
I go to my room and put down my bag. Nothing had been touched other than someone had been dusting. I strip down, my clothes land in a cloud of dust on the floor. I came straight from the desert and have not cleaned my clothes yet.
I take a nice hot shower and trim my beard. My razor is still in the bathroom and a fresh towel is there, no dust. I go back to my room and my clothes are gone. I bet I will hear the washing machine running when I go downstairs. The only other clean clothes I have are my dress blues. White hat, dark blue coat, lighter blue pants, white belt, medals, and black shoes. I am proud to have been a Marine, but this will be the last time I wear this. Those day are over, I am a civilian now.
I go downstairs and for the first time in my life, mom and Tina are waiting for me. They both gasp at seeing me all dressed up. I have a broad chest now, several medals including a few Purple Hearts. Every Marine looks good in the dress blues, but I know I stand out. I have had many women on the base stare at me long and hard. They forget how to speak. It's quite cute. A far cry from five years ago.
They both threw on a sun dress, nothing fancy. They are both showing lots of leg and cleavage. Both are wearing white tennis shoes. Both have a single pony tail. They look more like siblings than mom and daughter. We go outside, and they are waiting for me to drive.
I laugh, "Where I was, we didn't have cars, the government provided Jeeps, tanks, helicopters, and we walk a lot. I have no valid driver's license or insurance."
Tina drove to the restaurant, just a simple diner that is new since I was last in town. Family owned and terrific food.
I start the conversation, "I don't like to talk about what I did, you get this one shot and then I am done. I want to forget most of what happened over there so this is the condensed version. Due to bad decision making by my superiors, several Marines in my unit got killed. I received several on the spot, field promotions. I have been shot four times. However, only one was serious enough to possibly end my life. Obviously, I lived. I did not earn most of these medals; dead men did. When the big shots came around, I was standing so they pinned them on me, they needed to take a picture with a living person."
Now with tears in my eyes, "People died because of me and for me. I will pause while that sinks in. Yes, that is heavy and still weighs on my mind. I saved many lives and prevented many deaths by my actions and those in command under me. I did good things and bad things under orders. I like to think the good outweighed the bad. Some days, it's hard to tell the difference. I have almost no money, I gave you almost all that I had. I own this uniform, a duffel bag, and two full set of dessert fatigues."
Now the tears have vanished, "I have three job offers. One is near here and two are out of state. There is a good job waiting in Washington for me if it doesn't work out here. An old friend offered me a job here. It isn't great, but it will pay the bills if you want me to stay."
I feel someone tap me on my shoulders, I turn around and an old man is handing me a business card.
He tearfully says, "Son, call me Bob. 'People died because of me and for me', I know exactly what you mean, you said it better than I ever could. You will never forget those people, it follows you forever. Those that are still alive will become the best friends you ever have. Stop by on Monday and I will give you a job with a good salary."
I am shocked by his words, but reply, "Sir, you don't even know what skills I have, how do you know if I can help you?"
Bob continues, "I heard your story, I know those medals, not everyone leaves with that many. Anyone that has led men like us can certainly be useful in my company. Show up Monday, ask to see me, and we will work something out."
I stand up, he is amazed at my size, I thank him with a strong handshake, salute, and he leaves.
I say to mom and Tina, "Guess there might be reason to stay after all."
Tina doesn't give mom a chance to answer, "You will stay with us for as long as you like. I did go to school and I am a software game developer for a big company. I work from home. I am new to the company. I must prove myself to get better assignments and work on more prestigious projects. Without your money and support, I would never have gone to school and got this great job. You have no idea how much I appreciate what you did for me." She is in tears now.
I reply, "Well, it's not like I could spend it on anything useful. I wasn't into whores and drinking. I studied my intel and maps. I didn't have a cell phone and I thought it best not to email and have you worry about what I was doing and where I was. I had no way to send presents and didn't know if you even stayed at the house. I thought I may have worn out my welcome."
Mom is focused and blunt, "You are my son and no matter how dumb I may be or how bad I treated you, I do love you. I always will. Your buddy's dad had been very nice to me and we dated for several years. About nine months ago he died of a sudden heart attack.
"The day you left he took me to my old job and helped me get my stuff. My old boss came out and tried to take me. He got his ass kicked. We left him bloody on the floor in front of his employees. We got a standing ovation. He was a sweet man and I miss him dearly. Nobody will ever fill that void. I am glad you are back. Let's go home now."
I pick up the check and we stand at the cashier with Tina on my left towards the door and mom on my right. As I turn to my left to leave, two men are walking in. One has a gun in his hand and one has a knife. I quickly slide around Tina in time to see the gunman's eyes go wide with fear. In an instant I have disarmed him and broken his arm. The next move plants him on the ground on his back. I reach for the second guy, disarm him, and brake his arm in one fluid motion. Both men on the floor in agony, gun and knife in my hands, I calmly tell the hostess to call 911 for the police and two ambulances.
The two geniuses are smart enough to stay on the ground. The police get a good laugh at the guys. They try robbing a diner with a Marine by the door. I am sure they didn't see me, just their bad luck. I get jittery when a gun is pointing at me. They found out the hard way.
They are lucky to be alive. We train in both lethal and non-lethal combat, I never had a need for non-lethal combat since basic training. Mom and Tina respond well, they really didn't see much because I blocked most of the action. Two-hour delay going home because of police paperwork and interviews but no big deal.
To Be Continued ...