Helping out a Friend, Part 2: Tina
Tina had returned from holiday and had resumed her massage business which seemed to be going from strength to strength.
I had thoroughly enjoyed standing in for her and let her know that I would do the same should she take another break, but there was none on the horizon, especially now that she had parted from her boyfriend. A decision I wholeheartedly approved of.
I had managed to keep my liaison with her father a secret and was sure he would be in no hurry to divulge any goings on with his daughter, but it did feel a little uncomfortable a few times when she asked me about his massage.
The sexual tension had always been there with her father, from when I used to pop over to her family home, I could feel the looks he gave me but he was always too much of a gentleman to act in an inappropriate way.
I found him so attractive, so I really couldn't help myself when the opportunity arrived. But I had not spoken to him since, so there was now a slightly uncomfortable tension on the air. I resolved to solve this by meeting him for a coffee so that we could ensure we could relax around each other the next time we met, especially if we were in company.
I sent him a text message.
"Hi Jack, Beth here. Hope you're well, wondered if you fancied meeting for a coffee to discuss Tina's birthday?"
I used Tina's upcoming birthday as a smokescreen to get a response and gauge the situation.
A reply followed within 10 minutes:
"Hello Beth, Hope you are well too, yes that would be splendid, shall we say Costa on the High Street on Thursday? Shall I bring Tina's mum along?"
An interesting reply, but Jack was probably just ensuring he was his usual Dad like self.
I thought I'd show my hand a little with my reply:
"No need to bring Mary (Tina's Mum / Jack's Wife), just thought a very quick catch up would be good as I'm around this week. Costa at 6 on Thursday then?"
"Perfect -- 6 on Thursday, see you there." Came his reply.
I would clear the air with Jack on Thursday and make sure there would be no atmosphere when we were next in public with Tina or Mary.
Reg was an altogether different scenario. Since I had massaged Reg at Tina's house, we had swapped numbers and he had already paid me a visit.
I invited him over for a drink one evening and he arrived with flowers and a suit on, he was treating it like a date, so I went along with it.
I wore a Little Black Dress and applied make up like I would if going out Dancing. I also sprayed my favourite perfume -- Jo Malone, you guessed it!
I opened the door to him and invited him in.
"Hello Reg, just on time, are these for me?" I asked, as I took the flowers from him.
A roadside garage was now having to reorganize their display!!
"Yes, my dear, flowers for a rose." He answered, corny I know, but sweet.
"Come in and make yourself comfortable, I will get us both a drink. Gin?" I asked, as I took the flowers and made for the kitchen to put them in water.
"Gin and Tonic, however you choose to make it would be perfect." Reg answered, and sat in the lounge while I fixed the drinks.
I poured a double Hendricks Gin into an ice filled Gin glass. I added some Fever Tree Tonic water, Mediterranean of course, then some sliced cucumber and mint. Perfect. (If I may say so!)
I brought the drinks into the lounge and sat them on the coffee table.
"Here we go, how lovely to see you Reg, thank you for my flowers, Cheers!" I said, as I raised my glass to Reg.
"Cheers Beth." Reg replied, raising his glass to toast mine. "And may I say how ravishing you look this evening."
"Oh! this old thing." I replied smiling and feeling a deep sexual desire pulse through my core and tingle down between my legs.
"Well, it's more than you had on the last time I saw you." Said Reg, immediately wanting to get the conversation on to our sexy last liaison on the massage table.
"Well that is true." I said, standing up and walking over to my Bluetooth music speaker.
I pressed play and a pre-set music playlist started to play.
As a slow, sexy, beat filled my apartment, I slowly danced back towards Reg. Not taking my eyes off him I turned around from him and slowly drew the zip down on the back of my dress. I pulled the zip down to the bottom of my back, revealing that I was not wearing a bra.
"Oh Beth, come closer, let me help you with that dress." Reg said, licking his lips.
"No need, it's all coming off." I said as I walked out of my dress and over to Reg, wearing nothing but my black heels and make up.
I held out my hand and as Reg grasped it, I led him into my bedroom.
My pussy was already moist, and Reg wasted no time in putting his hand between my legs and stroking it, then inserted a finger which sent a shiver through me. I lay on the bed and Reg buried his face in my pussy.
He licked me and pushed his fingers inside me, bringing me to a wonderful strong orgasm.
"Your turn." I said, as I pushed Reg on to the bed and undoing his trousers, brought his rock-hard cock out into the open.
I licked and sucked all over it, pulling his trousers down to gain better access to his big hairy balls, which I licked and sucked while playing with his cock. I gently stroked his thighs and ass, almost inserting my finger, I licked his legs and kissed his rock hard cock.
"Beth please stop I don't want to cum yet." Reg muttered two or three times before I finally relented.
"OK Reg, what do you want to do to me?" I asked as I slowly licked the precum around his cock.
"I want my cock inside you Beth." He said and lay on top of me. He pushed his cock inside me, it slid inside me effortlessly due to the moistness we had both created.
Reg continued to fuck me and brought me to another wonderful climax, his balls felt so good as they drooped on and rubbed around my ass as he fucked me.
Reg turned me over and said, "Let's try it this way." I obliged and lay on my front with my ass in the air.
Reg surprised me by pushing his cock into my ass, I wasn't aware that was what he meant.
"Oh! you mean that way." I said, as Reg, with a dirty laugh said, "Yes this way you bad, bad girl."
He slowly worked his cock into my ass and continued to fuck me. First slowly then at full pace. He reached around and played with my pussy, rubbing my clit and pushing two fingers inside me and brought me to another amazing orgasm.
"I'm going to cum Beth." He panted, and I could feel a warmth inside my ass as he shot his load into me.
"Oh yes cum inside me Reg." I just about panted out, as my orgasm subsided and grew again as I felt his cum fill me.
Reg withdrew his cock from me which was still rock hard. Unable to resist I grabbed it and sucked away, it was covered in cum and it tasted good from being inside me.
"Oh! Beth you are so fucking naughty, I love it." Reg said, as I sucked his cock and retrieved the cum that was covering his cock and balls.
I smiled and continued to slowly enjoy his cock and cum. I wanted more but I could see Reg was in no state to continue. Never mind, it was a great session and hopefully not the last.
"So how do I get to enjoy you and Tina at the same time?" Reg asked out of nowhere.
"Well maybe you should ask Tina if she would like a threesome with me and you?" I asked, knowing it was at once both a logical question, but also one that was out of the question. Tina had never had a threesome, would never have sex with a woman, and would also be mortified if she thought I knew about her fun with Reg. I also doubted that Reg and Tina had ever had any fun, I thought that it was purely a fantasy of Reg's, not that I could blame him for that.
"Well my dear Beth, I actually have already asked her, and you would be surprised to learn that her answer was the same as yours. So, I ask again. How do I make it happen?"
"Really? She asked you to ask me?" I asked, incredulously
"Well not in so many words, but she suggested that it is you who may be the barrier rather than here. Picture it, me Cumming over those beautiful tits and you licking it all off, I would die and go to heaven." Reg said, looking into the distance, like he was imagining his greatest fantasy.
"You and me both." I said.
"Really, you would go for it if I arranged it?" Reg asked, looking at me with puppy dog eyes
"Definitely, let me speak to Tina." That's if you are telling me the truth." I added.
"Scouts honour." Said Reg. "I wouldn't lie about such an important thing. Please go ahead and speak to her, make it happen, I beg you." Reg said and dressed and grabbed his jacket ready to leave.
After he left, I thought about it. Tina wasn't even aware that I had fun with Reg while I was standing in for her. Well I guess he had told her, dirty dog!
-----------------------------------------------------
I called Tina on Wednesday for a catch up.
"Hi Tina, how are you?"
"Fine babe, how are you? Still warn out after a week massaging?" she joked.
"It's not the massaging the wore me out Tina, it's the gift you brought back for me." I joked. Tina brought me back a 9" dildo. I actually had not had time to put it to use yet, but thought it was a funny thing to say, especially given what I wanted to discuss with her!
"I didn't think you'd waste much time with it. I actually bought myself one as well, I've nearly worn it into a point!" She laughed as she said this. She really had found her mojo of late.
"Tina wash your mouth out with soap you slut!" I joked, keeping the conversation light and sexy.
"I've been enjoying my job this week." She said, "you can't beat body contact, even if it is with people who aren't your boyfriend!"
"Well on that note Tina, can we talk about Reg?" I asked.
"What has he been telling you? Did he try it on with you?" Tina asked
"Tina, you know me, he did try it on with me and if I'm totally honest, he got more than he bargained for." I admitted.
"Oh my god, did you have sex with him in my apartment?! Tina asked, sounding shocked and disappointed.
"I'm sorry Tina, but he kept groping me then showed me that big cock of his, what was I meant to do?" I asked, jokingly.
"I know exactly what you did, tell me, did you suck him off?" she asked.
"Too right I did, we did everything, he is one dirty old man, but sexy as hell with it." I said. He also told me about the things you two get up to together. But don't worry, I didn´t believe him. Much!" I added.
"I can´t believe he told you." Tina protested.
"You don´t have to hide it from me of all people Tina. What´s the problem? Enjoy yourself." I said.
"You´re right, I know. I´m just so used to being prim and proper, I find it hard to admit it, but I am having a lot more fun these days, I've taken a leaf out of your book. See you are a bad influence on me you filthy slut!" Tina asserted.
"None taken." I said, mocking my offence.
"I do like his cock though, don't you Beth?" Tina asked, I couldn't believe my ears!
"His and many others like him." I joked in my reply.
"He asked me if I would have a threesome with you actually." Tina admitted.
"Well funny you should say that, because he asked me the same thing." I added.
"He is a dirty old man. Not content that we are both letting him have his oats, he now wants us together." Tina said, as if disgusted by the idea.
"Well I'm game if you are." I quickly threw in.
"You're not serious." Tina said.
"Why not?" I asked.
"I don't know, what would we do?" Tina asked
"Well without spelling it out, we would play with his hard cock, take turns fucking him and make him cum. I'm up for it of you are." I said, clearly surprising Tina. And besides, I thought to myself, I get to see those amazing, big, gorgeous titties of yours!
"I'd have to think about it, Beth, I've never done anything like that before." Tina said.
"Do that Tina, then let Reg know. We'll drive him crazy and have a lot of fun in the process, c'mon go for it." I teased before we said our goodbyes.
I found myself thinking about the threesome as I lay in bed that night. I then remembered about the dildo Tina brought me. Then I decided to wait, maybe save it for our threesome, that would be awesome.
I went to sleep and woke early playing with myself. Before I knew it, my panties were only on one leg and I was sending pictures to a very naughty old man who I had never met on Literotica.
Sadly, he was based in the US so there was no hope of an invite materialising and enjoying a mouthful of his cum before the day started.
A nice slow sexy blowjob is my favourite way to start the day. Inviting an older man to my apartment, even sexier if I have never met them, stripping naked for them before sucking their cock until they release a sexy, creamy load of cum into my mouth and down my throat is a win-win as I see it.
I had a busy day on Thursday working on my business, things were going well and I was looking forward to a relaxing weekend, when I remembered my meeting with Jack, Tina´s Dad, at 6pm in the coffee shop. What to wear?
I decided to wear tight black leggings and a white blouse. My leggings hugged my long legs and were very tight around my ass cheeks. The outline of my little white thong would be visible underneath, should he choose to stare. My blouse was very see-thru, which would be a problem if I chose not to wear a bra. So, I chose not to wear a bra!
We met and exchanged cordialities. He commented on my lovely perfume.
We chose a table with 4 seats tucked away in a corner, ideal for a private conversation. Jack brought two Cappuccino's and sat back down. As he sat down, I removed my jacket. My back was facing the coffee shop, so only he could see me from the front. My breasts stared out at him from behind my see-thru blouse.
"Well Beth, it's nice to see you." he said to my breasts!
"You too Jack." I said, and sipped my coffee, watching him stare at my breasts with my peripheral vision.
"You look amazing, as usual." He said.
"Well, I chose my outfit for you if you must know Jack." I said and smiled a very teasing flirting smile.
"About the other week..." Jack started.
Before he could continue, I interjected.
"Let's do it again, my apartment is a 5-minute walk away." I said and stared at him with the sexiest stare I could muster.
"Beth nothing would make me happier." Jack said and touched my hand.
I stood and put my jacket back on.
"Good that you got these in 'to-go' cups, let's have them at mine." I said and we started to walk to my apartment.
Once inside I turned around and put my arms around Jack´s neck. We started to kiss deeply and before long my tongue was down his throat and his hand was inside my shirt.
As we continued to kiss, he plunged his hand down my leggings and inside my panties, my wet pussy told him how welcome he was.
We moved to the sofa and on my knees, I undid his trousers and started to kiss his cock. I sucked him and licked his balls, he tasted good. He held my head and slowly thrusted his cock in and out of my mouth, his precum was copious and was oozing out of him continually.
"Let me fuck you Beth." Jack panted in his ecstasy.
"Of course." I said.
I removed my leggings and panties and lay on the sofa with my legs open, playing with my pussy. After giving my wet pussy a few kisses and licks, Jack plunged his cock into me.
He fucked my deep and moaned in ecstasy.
"I´m gonna cum Beth." Jack said.
I pulled him up and he stood in front of me by the sofa. Still sitting I took his cock into my mouth and with a few sucks and strokes of his cock with my left hand, as my right hand cupped his balls, he arched is back and released his load into my mouth.
I kept sucking and it kept oozing out, filling my mouth and spilling out dripping down onto my chin and my neck.
"Oh! wow Beth that feels incredible, are you OK?" Jack asked, assuming his cum tidal wave had a negative effect on me.
"Jack you taste so good, help me here I´ve missed some." I referred to the cum that had dribbled out of my mouth.
I took Jack´s cock and spooned the cum from my neck and chin, then sucked it clean from his cock.
"Yummy!" was all I could think of saying!
We exchanged thank you' s, made a fresh coffee and decided on Tina´s birthday present.
We also agreed that we would be cool. We would not act suspiciously around family, or friends and I insisted that Jack pop in to let me suck his cock whenever it suited both of us. An agreement was made.
Later that evening I received a text message from Tina.
"Screw it. Let's do it." Was all it said.
Hi Tina, Beth here, either you´re drunk or you´ve just agreed to a threesome. Either way, good for you!" I replied.
"Both." Came the reply back. "Also, I'm horny and playing with my new vibrating friend!"
"Well now we just have to decide when and to ensure you don't have second thoughts." I replied, wanting to make sure that we didn't waste Reg´s time. I also wanted to know I could fantasize about what I was going to do with those amazing breasts, assuming she would be up for letting me have a little play with them.
"What are you doing on Saturday?" came Tina´s reply.
"Well, with a fair wind I will be sucking Reg´s cock while he is sucking your tits!" I joked back.
"Will you call him?" Tina responded.
"Leave it with me Tina, I'll let you know." I answered.
I sent Reg a short text informing him that his fantasy was on, provided he was free on Saturday afternoon. It took him a while to respond, about 4 seconds!
"Oh my God Beth is this really true?" he asked after we had made brief arrangements.
"It is true, and like you I can't wait. Save up some cum, I will be very thirsty." I teased him.
The big day arrived, I made my way to Tina´s and ensured I had a few changes of underwear, some lingerie and my 9" friend!
Tina was a little nervous, so we enjoyed a Gin and Tonic and she started to relax a little.
"Tina don't worry, we will just be natural and play around with Reg, he will be so made up and horny he really won't mind what we do. Just relax and do whatever comes naturally." I reassured her.
Reg arrived and flirted outrageously with us both as we danced to music and enjoyed another drink.
Then he saw the massage table, ready for him.
"Oh! Is this for me?" he asked.
Reg undressed and climbed on. Tina and I both started to gently massage him.
Tina stripped down to just her panties and bra (my God she looked awesome) focussed on his shoulders and thrusted her huge breasts into his face. Reg lay back in heaven and enjoyed.
I freed Reg's cock and started to slowly suck it as he played with Tina's huge breasts.
We all stood up and danced together as we continued to remove our clothes.
Things soon hotted up as Reg started to grope me as we danced. I encouraged him and started to kiss him, deeply with our tongues entwined and exploring each other´s mouths. Soon I was only wearing my underwear and Reg´s hands were inside them.
Tina joined us and started to kiss Reg too. He grabbed her breasts and started to pant. Tina lifted a breast out of her bra cup for Reg to kiss and lick.
My pussy was on fire looking at those amazing beautiful breasts.
We made for the bedroom and were soon all naked, Tina and I taking turns to pleasure Reg by sucking his cock. Reg couldn't take his eyes from Tina´s breasts, so I continued to suck him as he kissed and sucked them. He also played with Tina´s pussy and she announced that she was about to cum. The threesome had really worked for Tina.
I took my opportunity and joined Reg in sucking her breasts, one each as he brought her to climax with his fingers. Tina was a little surprised but enjoyed both of our mouths around her nipples as she came.
To ensure I didn't freak her out I returned to his cock straight after as she came down from her climax.
"I'm sorry girls but this is just too much for me. I'm going to cum and I don´t think I can prevent it." Reg pleaded as he grabbed his cock and pointed it towards Tina's breasts as he jerked it.
His cum shot out in thick white ropes, covering Tina's breasts as he yelped in ecstasy. Staring at both of our naked bodies.
"Feel free to lick it all up Beth, you know you want to." Reg said, perving at the idea, but also knowing that I wanted both his cum and Tina´s breasts in my mouth.
"OK by you Tina?" I felt I should ask.
"OK by me Beth." She replied.
I grabbed both breasts in my hands and squeezed them, the nipples jutted out at me and cum poured down them over her tummy.
I took her left nipple in my mouth and sucked, closing my eyes and savouring the moment. The added taste of cum was a bonus,
I then did the same with her right nipple. This breast was coated thick in cum, so I started to lick it all up. I continued to lick and moved down to her tummy where a lot of Reg´s cum was now gathering.
"Go on Beth, keep going down, make sure you get all that cum." Reg was urging me on, pushing me nearer to Tina´s pussy.
Fortunately for me, the cum was now running down to her legs and dripping in between them. I greedily slurped it all up then opened her legs to catch the cum that was dripping in between them.
I looked up at Tina. She looked back at me and smiled. I took it as a green light.
I ran my tongue along the inside of her labia and plunged it inside her. She lay back on the bed and moaned in pleasure.
Reg stood and said softly. "I am going to leave you two girls to it, be in touch for Part 2 soon."
As Reg left, I continued to lick at Tina´s pussy and brought her to a climax.
To my surprise she sat up and started to kiss me. I felt like jelly in her hands as she stroked my head and neck. She kissed my breasts then made her way to my pussy.
When she inserted her tongue and fingers it was a moment of heaven. She slowly and softly licked me and soon had me cumming. She then retrieved her dildo and inserted it inside me. I must have cum three times in the next 30 minutes. Our session lasted nearly two hours, the bedsheets were soaked, and we were both exhausted from multiple orgasms. A dream come true for me; I hoped the same for Tina.
I lay in bed as Tina went for a shower. She came back dressed and announced that she had to meet a work colleague that afternoon and had to leave.
"Feel free to stay here Beth, you never know I might want you to play with these when I return." As she said it, she thrusted her breasts towards me, I could never get tired of them.
I waited in bed for a while then decided to head back to my apartment to finish some things I had been working on.
When I got home, I had a shower and changed into some relaxing clothes. As I worked, my mind wandered to our threesome, then the lovely couple of hours Tina and I had just spent together playing. My pussy tingled; I knew it would be difficult for me to work. I switched on my laptop and searched for some Porn.
After watching some lesbian porn scenes with girls with large breasts, I brought myself to a wonderful orgasm as I mentally replayed my session with Tina from earlier. I then moved on to my favourite porn subjects and watched large numbers of big cocks spilling cum into willing girls' mouths. I was hot and horny as hell!
As I played away my mind went into overdrive, I was emailing strangers via Literotica and other hook up websites and toying with the idea of inviting a stranger for an afternoon session, when I was jolted by my flat buzzer ringing.
Who could it be? I wasn't expecting anybody.
Apart from my panties around my ankles, I was naked. I kicked them off and grabbed a large white towel from the bathroom and went to my apartment door.
I opened the door and there standing in the hallway was Reg.
"Hello Beth dear, I hope you don't mind me popping up unannounced like this, it's just that John and I were on our way to the hospital and we got here a little early, so I wondered if a cup of coffee would be possible while we waited?" At this point, John leaned across and introduced himself.
"Nice to meet you Beth, I've heard a lot about you." He said.
"Nice to meet you too John." I said, standing in my doorway talking to Reg and a complete stranger, with just a towel on and a very wet pussy, and wanting to get back to a gloryhole scene I was watching on Pornhub!
It was then that the opportunity presented itself!
"Sure, come on in, I'll put the kettle on, unless you have anything else in mind?" I said as I let them both into my lounge.
They came in and took off their coats and sat in the lounge. Reg and John made a little small talk, telling me how lovely my apartment was etc.
"I hope we are not interrupting you Beth." John said.
"Yes, you look like you are getting changed or about to take a bath, please say if we are in the way, it was just a last-minute thought." Reg said and looked over and winked at John.
"I won't be a minute." I said, and I went back into the bedroom to remove any evidence of my naughtiness. But I decided against it.
I looked into the lounge and could see Reg whispering to John, he was clearly hoping there would be an opportunity for fun.
John was in his early 60's at a guess. Short, bald and a little overweight.
I looked at my screen for a few seconds and watched a big cock squirting cum through a hole in the wall. The lady on the other side had her mouth open and was trying to watch the cock squirting while ensuring all of the cum went into her mouth. She swallowed her mouthful then returned to the cock to clean up any little pearls she had missed. I touched my pussy and it tingled. There were two cocks in my lounge and no doubt plenty of cum.
Leaving the porn playing, I turned up the volume so Reg and John may be able to hear it.
I walked back into the lounge, leaving my bedroom door open and went through to the kitchen.
"Who's for coffee?" I asked.
Reg followed me into the kitchen and asked if I needed any help.
He put his hand on my backside and squeezed.
"Are you sure you don't need any assistance Beth?" he asked
I smiled and did not remove his hand. He put it up inside the towel and squeezed my naked ass, still I did nothing to stop him. He moved between my legs to touch my pussy, I opened them to give him better access.
"Oh! my Beth you are very wet, aren't you?" he said, loud enough for John to hear.
John stood up and looked in the kitchen to see Reg with his hand inside my towel, playing with my pussy. I was leaning into him and enjoying every bit of it.
"Come and have a look John?" Reg said, and John came into the kitchen.
I smiled at John and let my towel drop to the floor.
"Ooh lovely." Said John as he reached over and grabbed my breast. I moved toward him to give him better access.
"Let's go into the bedroom." I said.
We all walked into the bedroom and my large Mac screen was still showing the gloryhole porn. Cocks were being sucked and cum was being swallowed as we all entered the bedroom.
I sat on the bed and reached over to first Reg's, then John's trousers to undo them.
"I'd like what they're having please." I said, looking at the screen.
Reg and John then both unfastened their belts and dropped their trousers, pulling out their cocks in unison right in front of my face.
I took Reg in my mouth and sucked him as I slowly rubbed John's cock. I was familiar with Reg's and enjoyed his taste and feel.
John's cock was small but fat. His balls were very big and clearly very sensitive. As I took him into my mouth, I gently stroked his balls and he was jerking and spasming as I did so.
I brought them closer to me and put both of their cocks into my mouth, sucking them both at the same time. I then swapped and remained sucking on one or the other, or both for another 5 or 6 minutes while I watched the screen. This was perfect.
Without warning, Reg shot a load of cum into my mouth as I was sucking him. I though John might want to watch so I let some dribble out and sucked it back up, gobbling it all down as Reg moaned at a very high volume.
"Oh! Beth that was magnificent." Reg said. Are you ready for super squirter now?"
"I do cum a hell of a lot Beth." Said John, "I can pull it out and cum over you if you prefer that."
"I want you to cum in my mouth." I said, as I continued to suck John's cock and stroke his balls.
John grabbed his cock and started to jerk. Obediently I opened my mouth and stared at him.
"Fuck me, this is going to be good." Said Reg as John started to breathe heavily, and his large tummy went up and down!
John's cock then released a long strand of white thick cum. It poured out of his cock and shot straight into my mouth, covering my tongue, and splashing back out over my face. This was followed by 3 or 4 more just as powerful and thick. I gulped what was in my mouth and opened again for more.
Two more thick ropes followed before his cock resorted to a more gentle oozing. But what was coming out was still thick and in volume. I swallowed again then took his cock and licked the thick cum that was running down it.
"Bloody hell John, you've had your breakfast this morning old boy." Reg commented. "My oh My Beth, you are a trooper, aren't you?" How was it?" he asked.
"Mmm lovely, thank you John." I said, as I continued to find little sexy cum blobs that I had missed around his cock, balls, legs and on my neck and chin.
"Oh Beth, that was incredible, what a feeling." John said, rubbing his large tummy and squeezing out another drop of cum that I greedily licked off his cock.
We dressed and I gave John my phone number.
"Call me, I'd like you to pop over when you're feeling horny, I want to do that again, your cum tasted lovely." I said.
"I can't wait" said John
"Me neither." Said Reg as they both left the apartment feeling very satisfied.
What a lovely surprise.
-----------------------------------------------------
Tina called later and asked if I was still at her apartment, she had just brought some new underwear and wanted my opinion, especially on a couple of sexy bras. She sent me a picture of her bursting out of a blue and purple bra, wearing a tight, long, white skirt. Her hair was up, and she was wearing her glasses. God, she looked hot!
I told her that I was no longer there and had to go home to do some work, I omitted the cum bath I had just enjoyed.
"I was going to stay home and catch up on some work, I got a little distracted earlier." I said, keeping details to a minimum.
"I was really hoping I would see you later, I'll cook?" Tina added
"Too tempting, see you at around 7?" I suggested.
"Perfect -- see you later, can't wait." Tina signed off.
I arrived just before 7pm and Tina opened the door with a long night dress on and a Gin and Tonic n her hand. She had applied make up and smelled divine.
"Tina, you smell amazing, what are you wearing?" I asked.
Tina showed me the bottle, an exclusive Giorgio Armani fragrance, must have cost a fortune, but wow, what a smell!
"I love it." She said, then removing her gown and followed up with: "And I'm wearing it all over."
As her gown fell to the floor, her new see through underwear was staring me in the face.
See through black trimmed panties with a light floral pattern and a frilly French knicker style back. Her bra was of the same design. Her breasts, as large as they were, were bursting through the see-through material. The light pattern doing nothing to cover the colour and size of her huge and already erect nipples. The areola clear behind the bra.
"Oh! wow Tina, you look like sex on a stick." I said as I gaped open mouthed, staring at her beautiful big round breasts.
"Then come and get some." Tina said as she pulled her right breast out of her bra and let it bounce above it.
I gently took her right breast in my two hands and licked the nipple. I sucked all around it getting as much of her areola into my mouth as I could. The smell and taste of her perfume was extremely arousing.
I sank to my knees and peeled her panties down and buried my face In her pussy. More fragrance of Armani, but now coupled with her sexy female smell of arousal from her already wet pussy. Her lips were more pronounced than mine, I took them between my lips and sucked them as I inserted a finger inside her.
I reached for my bag and brought out my favourite, and to some of my admirers, famous, pink vibrator.
"I wanted to share my favourite toy with you." I said as I gently inserted it inside her and turned on the vibration.
Tina was quickly convulsing, and I sensed a climax was approaching.
"Beth, what are you doing to me? I don't think I can handle this sensation OOOH!!!"
Tina squealed as an orgasm took her over. But this was no ordinary orgasm, she bucked and almost screamed, when out of nowhere, a stream of love juice shot out from her pussy, followed by more gushing.
"Oh my God Tina, you are squirting, you sexy girl." I said as I instinctively opened my mouth to gather her juices.
"I've never done that before." Tina panted as she looked down and saw her puddle covering the wooden floor of her apartment.
I stood up and we both went to the kitchen to clean up her sexy little mess.
Tina showered and we ate dinner together and talked about her amazing orgasm.
"Well you've done something I've never achieved!" I said, smiling about her first gushing escapade.
"I couldn't control it, it felt amazing. I want more!" Tina said. "And can I try it on you?"
"Absolutely!" I replied.
We went to bed and played all night. Several orgasms but no more gushing. Not then anyway...
After a lazy Sunday, I woke on Monday with a lot of work to do on my business. Sales were picking up and I had a busy week ahead of me.
On Wednesday night at 5.30pm I had signed up for a two hour online digital marketing training session. I had to drive into the Town Centre early in the afternoon for a waxing session. Every now and again I like to remove all hair from my body, it always makes me feel sexy. On this occasion however, I decided to leave a small landing strip of pubic hair above my pussy, and fully waxed all around everywhere else.
I had been sending pictures of my naked body to some older men on Literotica and other friends who I had made online, it seemed that a little hair on my pussy was turning on the older guys. So, no need to lose it all. I was, and still am enjoying flirting, and sometimes more with the sexy older men on Literotica. I live alone, so I enjoy inviting the occasional dirty old man to my apartment. I enjoy stripping for them and sucking old strangers' cocks, a naughty habit I know!
I then had to find the building the training was being held in, but luckily it was not too far away.
Having my own online business I needed to get a little more tech savvy, I have always been good at fixing my own IT issues, but pay per click, coding and social media marketing were a little new to me, so I needed some early guidance.
I arrived and grabbed a coffee before the host, James made a start with some introductions.
I think there were 11 of us, 9 of which in very early twenties, myself, and an older gentleman. His name was Graham and he was in a similar position to me, although his business was very different being in specialist car parts.
As we paired up for some exercises, Graham tried to partner with one or two of the younger guys, but they all had their sights set on the younger girls, or me.
I quickly introduced myself and made a beeline for Graham. I would say he was initially a little disappointed, (I must have looked like a newbie) but that soon changed.
We went through the motions of the exercise and I helped Graham with a few things, I was feeling that I had a good grasp on it. James, the tutor, who was around 50 and a smart guy was impressed with my natural grasp of some of the techniques.
The class finished with a final task being set to us all individually. It was a coding task and I was finding it difficult. The rest of the class had finished their task and were all leaving, and it looked like I would be the only one left in the room. When Graham looked set to leave too, I asked him if he would give me some help, but he needed to leave to pick up his wife from work. I told him it was no problem, but I gave him my business card and said it would be great to catch up to compare businesses some time if he fancied it. He did...
It left me alone in the classroom, until James came back to lock up.
I suddenly remembered a time at school when I was alone in the classroom and felt the urge to touch myself. I was wearing leggings so access to my pussy was fairly easy down the front. As I slowly put my hand down and remembered the waxing session, my pussy felt very sensitive and reacted immediately to my fingers. I was feeling very horny.
James came back into the room and I jolted back to normal.
"Nearly finished?" he asked.
"I think so, maybe 5 or 10 more minutes?" I asked.
James sat down at the front desk. "No problem, I'll wait here then lock up when you're done. I'm the last one in the building but don't hurry, try and finish if you can. Do you need any help?" he asked.
"No, I'm fine." I said as I tried to pretend nothing had happened and straightened myself.
As I sat there for the next couple of minutes, my pussy tingled.
James stood up and then walked over to me, as he stood over me, he looked down my bra and it looked like he gave his cock and balls a rub behind my back.
"Fancy a drink after?" he said out of the blue.
"Really?" I asked, not expecting this question. "Actually, I have to be home so will need to leave soon, maybe another time?"
"Come on, I saw what you were doing earlier, if you're feeling horny, we're the only ones in the building." He said and started to rub his crotch against my shoulder.
He reached down and grabbed my left breast, I pushed him away. "What do you think you are doing? I asked.
He was fishing his cock out of his pants and he continued to try and grope me.
"Come on, let's see that sexy ass of yours." He said, and his cock was now out and semi erect.
"I think you should put that away and calm down a little, before you get yourself into trouble." I said, trying to be sensible for once.
"Come on, give me a quick peak of that ass and I promise I'll leave you alone. I saw your legs when you came into the building and I was watching you touch yourself through the door earlier, well now you've got me worked up, It's your fault." He said, looking for his defence.
"I don't know what you think you saw but you are mistaken." I lied!
He reached down and grabbed my ass. "Come on, just a little peep." He asked again.
"If I give you a quick look, you promise to just let me leave after? I asked.
"I promise, just a quick look, and maybe a quick squeeze." He then said, trying to negotiate.
"I said nothing about a squeeze." I said, and smiled, he was talking me round.
I stood and slowly pulled my leggings down to my knees, I turned to show the white thong I was wearing and my ass cheeks.
"Fucking hell." James said, as he started to slowly jerk his cock.
I peeled down my panties and showed him my ass, as requested. I stuck it out and pointed it towards him.
Without hesitation, he reached down and squeezed it with his right hand, his left hand still rubbing his cock.
"I thought we agreed no touching." I said, although made no move to stop him.
"You're right." He said, "just one more second."
And using his 1 more second to the full, he slid his fingers down my ass crack and inserted his middle finger into my already wet pussy.
I jumped, but despite my intention to pull away, I was unable to. I had worked myself into a horny state before James had come back into the room and my newly waxed pussy now wanted the attention.
"What are you doing?" I asked in mock protest.
"That feels good doesn't it?" James said, pushing his cock towards my face as he continued to finger me.
"Please stop." I said, but had not moved away at all while he fingered my pussy, his finger now deep inside me as he moved in and out of me.
Without realising it, my ass was now moving in rhythm with his finger, resulting in his finger pushing deeper inside me as I moved towards him, then almost out of me as I moved away.
I stopped complaining and closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of his finger.
I heard myself moan in enjoyment.
"That's it, enjoy it, there's no one here, just relax and let me make you cum." James said, as he pushed his cock against my lips.
I opened my eyes and lifting my ass from the chair so James could get better access to my pussy and finger me more freely, I looked at James and opened my mouth.
He filled it with his cock and thrusted it in and out of my mouth.
I grabbed it and started to lick it all over, then sucked it deeply, down to his balls, taking his cock to the back of my throat and swallowing his head, deepthroating him as he fucked my mouth.
With my panties and leggings now down below my knees, James bent me over the desk and pushed his cock into me.
I did not complain, I let him fuck me.
I felt my body spasm as he made me cum after he inserted a finger into my ass.
"That's it girl, now I'm gonna fill that pussy with cum." He said as he quickened his fucking.
I tried to wriggle away, "Don't cum inside me." I said, but it was too late. He was bucking and spasming and I could feel the warmth of his cum as it filled my pussy and ran down my thighs.
He collapsed on top of me and slowed his fucking to a gentle rhythm.
He withdrew his cock and it sprang up, dripping with his cum.
Still in the throes of passion after a wonderful orgasm, and despite being a little angry that James ignored my request to pull out before cumming, I leaned down and took James' cum dripping cock in my hand and put my mouth around it, gathering all of the dripping cum and sucking it all up and swallowing it down.
His balls were drenched in cum and my pussy juice, I reached further down and using my tongue, cleaned them all up. It is something I just have to do after being fucked.
Quietly, we dressed, turned off the lights and made the way out of the building and to our own cars and off in opposite directions, without another word.
I arrived home around 8pm that evening, there was a message on my answer hone. It was from Tina.
"Hi babe, Tina here, hope you're not busy on Friday, I've invited Reg over. He's bringing his friend John with him. Apparently, you've met him?"!!!