The agonising wait for their next encounter was far too long for both Fred & Ginger, there lust and longing for time together now making their minds blur on a daily basis.
Gingers new found submission to Fred had ignited a side of her she had only ever dreamed of and thought would only ever be a fantasy. But since allowing Fred's mild dominance over her, her body and mind was now alight with feeling she longed for on a daily basis.
She longed to be touched, wondered where, when and what their next encounter would entail. Night after night, re living the memories, having deep and dark thoughts of her needs, finding her hands roaming over her body far to often now, her mind open, imagining Fred doing things she had read of others.
She had dreamed of being in the positions of the people in the stories but was now finding that she was writing them herself, wanting to be and longing to be in the next. She loved his controlling manner, his words that made her do the things she was, although she had no idea herself why she did and allowed it.
Nearly two weeks had passed since their last liaison. She wanted him, wanted to meet, submit, obey and wanted to be pushed beyond her wildest fantasies. Fred's mind and actions had made her see him in a new light. Often she thought of him as shy like herself, but finding he was far from it. His attention to detail on every adventure excited her.
So when the text arrived, she flicked at the screen, excited, reading quickly.
"The forecast tomorrow is for sunshine on the coast. Phone in work and tell them you're ill. Be at mine before 6am. If you're any later you'll have to accept your punishments during the day for failing me!"
Her skin prickled, goose bumps formed down her arms. She couldn't escape at 6am; the earliest without raising suspicion at home would be 7. She quickly text back quickly asking if that would be ok? Questioning what he had planned for the day, if she would need any particular clothing? Were they going for another picnic? Did she need walking shoes? She bombarded him with questions but only received a simple answer.
"You will need very little except for yourself tomorrow, see you at six!"
She replied to inform him as he already knew, it would be impossible. Hoping not to disappoint, but she couldn't, the only disappointment would come if she had shocked the man and replied that it was fine, spoiling his plans for the punishments and the beginning of his planned day.
She was excited and distant, often caught in a daydream, distracted, thoughts of blindfolds, hands roaming her body, picnic benches and strangers flooded her mind. Taking wrong turns as she drove and checking her phone again for more detail. She had convinced herself that finally tomorrow she may visit her picnic bench.
She had visions of her naked self spread out on it, bound, blindfolded, teased and tormented. Her pussy moistened, she needed to get home and shower, cool herself down and try to focus on normality until the morning.
Finally she arrived home, switching on the shower, sitting on the toilet and listening to the water flowing. She stepped in finding herself dripping the white shower creme on her breasts, looking down was seeing it look like semen all over her, what was happening to her mind? She lathered her hands allowing them to roam across her bare flesh, pleasuring herself, but not like Fred did.
Her eyes closed as she pulled her nipples, twisting them gently, her visions flipped again to being lay back on the picnic bench, blindfolded, she created several men that turned to more, all standing around her. She could do that now, adjust the fantasy to suit.
She of course was not unaware of them as Fred had arranged this, the blindfold preventing her from seeing them approach after she was bound as he stood looking as they touched her, his pleasure coming from seeing her live out her fantasy.
Her hand moved furiously between her legs, they took turns to touch her, unknown there were five or was it six now as well as her lover?
Only one would touch her at a time leaving her to believe it could just be Fred again. This just another of her created fantasies, now grabbing up at the shower head spraying it against her clitoris, slumped against the cold tiles, legs ajar, one hand held her lips apart as the water jets hit her delicate exposed bud.
Her mind visualised the men spraying over her as the water made her tingle, they left her looking like the shower crème had, she had to bite down hard against her lip to stifle her from screaming out in pleasure as she tapped the shower head against herself now imagining it was a hand spanking her exposed place, her body shaking and her legs almost giving way.
She reached up placed the shower head back into the holder, turned the thermostat cooler, her body so hot, face again flushed as her eyes opened. The cooler water now relaxed her body as she stepped forward out of it, pushing the water from her hair and finally turning off the shower.
She reached for her big fluffy towel and began to dry herself off. Stepping from the shower, standing in front of the mirror, looking at the towel wrapped around her and loosening it off, letting it drop to her ankles as she imagined what Fred would say if she felt the need to cover up.
Naked, exposed, she felt and wanted it, although she knew no one could see, it now felt right. She looked at herself in the mirror, shaking her head looking into her own eyes in disbelief, a mild element of shame for her needs and desires, but soon turning to a grin, raising her eyes to herself and having to walk away as not to question her own actions.
She reached down for the towel again and wrapped it around her body to walk out across the landing heading to the bedroom, the curtains wide and looked out wondering if anyone ever looked in?
Everything now questioned, her mind so open, she was always conscious to close the curtains before doing anything in fear of being seen.
But the new side of Ginger, the exhibitionist side and the devil ignited had slowly begun to take over many of her actions. She walked out of sight of the window passing it, again she found her nipples erect as her hands took the towel, loosening its wrap as she allowed it to fall to the floor again.
She gave a little sigh, took a deep breath knowing that although he wasn't there, his words not telling her anything, Fred was taking over her mind, but was this to please him or herself now?
Thinking now of the following day and if it was going to be warm, what should she wear? She had to please Fred's eyes, expose enough of herself to entice and tease him or allow him to expose her.
But he hadn't asked for this, it's what she intended and wanted now. She stepped from behind the curtain, having to pass the window naked. Her nipples already erect and aching from the knowledge that people could possibly see, the neighbours, people she said good morning to.
Her task was made up in her own mind as Fred would have set, pushing her own limits and walking to the chest of drawers exposed, looking in and thinking if she could risk a bikini top and skirt?
Would Fred be happy with that and a pair of flip flops? Not exactly erotic, but suitable for a hot day out as he had stated in the message she would not be requiring a lot for there liaison.
Confusion filled her mind, she wanted to please him, she needing her bed now,tired and exhausted from her thoughts she needed the night to go and morning to arrive.
She glanced back at the window, walked towards it, two feet from the glass now, pulling open the wardrobe doors and standing naked just staring inside.
She felt her own moistness forming again between her legs, wanting, and wondering if eyes had now seen her? The old man or other men over the road, perhaps, or one of their wives catching him looking or even looking themselves.
She allowed her hand to feel how wet she had become and realised that the exposure made her this way.
She shocked herself doing this, blatantly in view through the glass. Her fingers found the wetness between her legs, she was amazed at the sensitivity of her clit as her fingers stroked either side of it.
She quickly realised her exposure again, stopped herself getting carried away and stepped back falling onto the bed, just her thoughts and desires were tiring.
She closed her eyes, breathing heavily and prayed the night would go to allow her escape once more into her lover's arms.
She woke at two, finding herself in bed, her partner next to her. Did he find her lying naked or had she gotten herself into bed before he came up?
She sat up, looking disappointed at the clock. Her bladder was making her get up, wonder to the bathroom and relieve herself. As she did, again her eyes had closed, Fred was stood there in the doorway, making her spread her legs and expose herself as he watched, she had never sat this way on the toilet.
Her eyes shot open, no Fred, just her mind, had he mentioned this or was it her fantasy? She closed her thighs, leaned forward placing her elbows on her knees and sighed. What was happening inside her mind?
Years of suppressed feelings ignited. Where had sitting exposed on the toilet come from?
Was it just another form of submission or humiliation? Was there a difference now? Was she just allowing her secret desires out into the open to be seen that way or did she want a man to stand and watch her piss?
She stood, flushed the toilet and wondered back to her bed, lying for a while watching as the minutes passed by, seeing 3am and wondering if she would ever get back to sleep, her eyes finally closed, but her mind was again off on a tangent. Just going to the toilet now was made into a fantasy!
She was now in the woods, hand in hand with Fred, but as usual, his dominance took over, her need for the toilet told to him. He made her wait until the moment was right.
Instructed she could now go, making her squat on the side of the path by a bush, just as a man was approaching with his dog.
Fred had walked on leaving her squatting on tip toe, spread open and exposed, skirt around her waist, grass tickling her as she began to flow.
She knew that at any moment the man would be there, walking passed, but would he pass or stop?
She looked to the ground not wanting to know if his eyes could see her, how humiliating but why was she excited?
Was he looking down and watching between her legs as the liquid fell to the ground? Did it excite the stranger seeing her piss, was he erect, or even caressing his own cock as he looked?
Her eyes opened wide again as she realised her hand had strayed between her legs, she was spread wide in the bed next to her lover!
"Fuck! What was happening to her?"
She stopped, rolled over and finally drifted off to sleep, waking with the sound of her alarm at 5, eyes wide, a little smile fell across her face. It wasn't long now.
She would soon be in the car, driving all excited to her lover. As she left the house, her nipples stood out in the bikini top, the bottoms beneath her denim mini already having to soak up her moisture.
She had placed a cardigan over the top, but wished she could be driving in just the bikini to excite her lover or anyone she passed. She pulled up, eased the handbrake on, stepped out taking her handbag, walking towards the door and finding the need to unbutton a few more to revealing her chest as she knocked.
Fred opened, looked down to his watch, shook his head and simply said,
"I think you have come late on purpose, haven't you madam?"
Ginger went to respond, but his finger fell to her lips, his hush making her stop. He stood aside and allowed her in, past him which allowed him to glance down at her bottom which he playfully spanked as she passed, making her giggle and ask,
"Did you miss me?"
Fred walked over, placed his arms around her waist, his hands lying against her denim covered cheeks and asked,
"Do you need to ask me that?"
His semi erect cock, evidence to the answer as he was returning the question with his own!
"But have you missed me, missed kissing me, obeying me, being yourself and exploring your inner most feelings and desires?"
She looked mischievous, lifting her skirt and asking Fred to kneel down for a moment as she would like to show him just how much. She eased her bikini bottoms aside, took his hair and stepped forward, pulling his face into her wet pussy and replied,
"It's been like that every day thinking of being with you!"
She was soaking, his tongue extended to lap and taste her once more, but denied her the pleasure pulling away and asking,
"Did I say you could pleasure yourself yet?"
She giggled and asked,
"Are you always going to be in control?"
He shook his head in disbelief at the comment, walking over to the sofa and took the middle seat. He beckoned her towards him. Her skirt still raised as he pulled her forward and across his lap.
He asked if she had thoughts of dominating him? His hands rubbed her cheeks as he did. She shook her head, although lying, wishing she could take that role, have that confidence but informed him.
"The thought never crossed my mind today"
In a playful but cheeky tone. His hand rose before quickly falling down against the soft flesh of her bottom making her tense and inhale sharply. A slight sting felt as it rose again, falling on the other, asking now if she thought she should be questioning his control and asking if she felt she would have a strong enough will to take control of him?
She shook her head as he continued, three more times on each cheek. She liked it, not so much pain, his hand cupped and it sounding harder than it was, but his control and the dominance showed, rather than inflicting pain, it was more the control and dominance and this was just exciting her once more.
As he rubbed the tingling flesh, he told her that was for questioning him, and for being late for there liaison. It was wasting valuable time when they could have been having fun. He helped her to her feet, standing as she kissed him and stated,
"I think I might be naughty more often!"
His smile was telling of his approval. But he joked he may of gone gentle on her this time and asked if she would be as eager if his paddle, cane or indeed, one of her own flip flops were in his hand?
He walked away to allow her to ponder the thought. He finally returned in his shorts and t shirt. He too choosing flip flops and again the cool bag was over his shoulder and the chink of bottles was heard inside.
They stepped out and into his car, a three hour journey ahead unknown to Ginger. His hand went out to stop her seat belt engaging, and his voice issued another command.
"You might as well loose the cardigan now"
She did as the wheels were in motion, now sitting as she wanted to travel to him, but something about him being by her side gave her much more confidence, stretching and pushing her breasts forward to excite him.
They travelled the short distance to the motorway. Her puzzled look made him smile as they entered the slip road, she again questioned,
"Where are we heading?"
He replied simply with,
"The coast, I told you!"
She lifted her feet to the dashboard, sitting enjoying the scenery as they passed the first hour with general conversation. As the traffic became heavier, due to rush hour, she looked out the side window, gazing up at the truck drivers, one eating, another looking straight ahead, but the next was looking down straight at her.
He winked, his head tipping to the side slightly causing her to giggle and inform Fred that she had pulled. He smiled at her victory, but quickly told her that it was wrong to tease these men with just a flash of her legs, and suggested he might prefer a better view.
Her brow wrinkled as she looked at Fred who was now concentrating on pacing the cab.
"Don't look puzzled madam, get your skirt off and show the man your body. He's got a long journey ahead so a little entertainment will help!"
She unbuttoned and unzipped the skirt, easing her bottom off the chair, sliding it down and kicking it into the foot well. Her flip flops already off. She raised her bare feet again to the dashboard.
Fred shook his head as she gazed over.
"Do I need to explain to you how to expose yourself and flash to a man still?"
He didn't, she knew! Her hand pulling down her bikini top, just exposing her nipples and teasing them with her finger tips. She looked up at the driver who placed his thumb in the air showing his approval.
Her confidence growing, her knees slowly but surely now fell apart, she caressed her breasts and allowed one hand to continue down, disappearing between her thighs out of his vision.
She looked up as his neck stretched to try to see, but saw him relax as he watched her legs spread wider. Her hand slid inside her bikini bottoms now visible to him.
Fred took the initiative, the side ties to tempting as he reached and pulled the bow. Her pussy now visible as her hand movement pushed the tiny triangle from covering her.
She reached for the handle of the seat, reclined, much easier now to spread her legs, be exposed to him but no one else passing them. She lay back, both hands now falling between her thighs as both Fred and the driver watched. One hand with its fingers curling inside as the other teasing her clit.
Both drivers had trouble keeping the vehicles steady, but glanced back and forth to watch the beauty of her own hands pleasuring herself. Her eyes flicked back and forth between the two, she licked her lips at the driver, teased him, knowing he would never be able to touch where she was.
Her face looked amazing, full of lust; Fred wondered what was she thinking about the driver, was she now thinking of him touching or fucking her?
Fred watched her performance, nearly twenty minutes of self torment before bucking her hips off the seat and moaning out as she came. Her hand still between her legs as they clamped together, her eyes closed, finally removing her hands and reaching to raise the chair and lean towards Fred, trailing her moist fingers across his lips, pushing them inside his mouth and asking,
"Can you see what you do to me?"
He sucked on her fingers, her taste filled his mouth, another passing motorist gazed in, slowing and staring as she pulled her fingers out and sucked them herself.
Fred noticed the sign for the services, quickly changing lane and headed on and parking towards the back of the car park. He reached his wallet, took a note from within and handed it to Ginger.
"Americano please madam, and whatever refreshment you need yourself to replenish your fluids!"
She reached for her skirt to find Fred's hand reaching to hers and telling her he thought not!
She looked around, the car park really busy now. Did he want her to walk across in her bikini? She looked at his face and knew he did!
A couple of men passed by and stared in. She pulled the handle and stepped from the car, forgetting her bikini bottoms were still undone and quickly grabbed them giggling. Fred's eyes were wide as he asked,
"Do you want to do it naked then?"
She shook her head as she caught them and quickly tied them back in place. They had ridden into the crease of her bottom, her cheeks were exposed a little more as she closed the door, turning to bob her tongue out at Fred and purposely wiggled her bottom as she walked away.
Fred could see her confidence growing. She walked slower, one man dropping behind, his head hung moving in time to her wiggle.
She stood in the queue. Now feeling a little more exposed, the lad serving looking down to see her erect nipples and now staring directly at them.
She smiled up at the lad and ordered. His mouth was a little open as she leaned in to pay, her top had slid down as she stretched up, he so wanted to touch, she knew it, and if he had right now she probably wouldn't have minded of stopped him.
She peered down now realising why his eyes were wide, just a hint of nipple was now exposed to him. She reached out and took the change. Walking away with his eyes on her and wiggled back to the car, concentrating on carrying the drinks and unaware how many heads had turned to take in the sight presented to them.
She got to the car, handed Fred his drinks and asked,
"Did you like the view then?"
He nodded, and replied it was amazing and asked if she realised just how many other men had looked at her while walking? Telling her were and were probably thinking of removing that bikini and taking her! She laughed out, and asked,
"Should I let them next time? The woodland over there looks good!"
Fred reclined and chuckled, responding with,
"You're getting very confident about all this now, aren't you? Do you feel more relaxed about yourself and being exposed as an object of fantasy for anyone's eyes to feast on?"
She looked at him, sitting to confess her feeling were on fire! She longed to be pushed further, she was getting pleasure from pleasing him, allowing him watch her get hers. She told him of her fantasies before and that she never expected to live any of them out! He sat and listened to her words, then asked,
"So you wish to continue with your exploration?"
She nodded confirming that she did. His coffee was placed into the cup holder, he reached across to embrace her, kiss her again, his hands travelling over her back and finding the tie behind her back, gently pulling the ends and releasing the biking top between them.
Her breathing changing again as it hung loose across her as he sat up, Fred turned the key and started the car.
They drove off, quietly finishing there drinks, the sun shining through the glass as they passed junction 28, Fred looked across asking Ginger,
"Hand me your top!"
She stared at him and asked,
"How far is there to go?"
Fred shrugged, held out his hand until her own slid off her top, placing it in his hands and sitting back into her chair, half wanting to slide down to try to cover herself a little, but the new Ginger took over, sitting with the seat belt between her breasts, on show and proud as she saw the smile on Fred's face.
She had obeyed him and pleased him. The next few junctions quickly passed; finally leaving the motorway and joining the A roads. The signs for seaside resorts obvious now, but exactly where still not revealed.
Gingers mind wondered as Fred indicted left, turning into a lay-by and stopped outside a toilet block. Two other cars were there, but no one was in sight. He went to open the door and she quickly asked,
"Can I put my top back on now?"
He shook his head and told her he wouldn't be a moment and not to worry. He entered the toilets as another man left, her gaze towards them and not to the eyes now staring in the side window and straight at her exposed breasts.
A man stood and smiled as her eyes met his, her hands trying to cover her body, but knowing already it was too late.
He approached, motioned for her to lower the window. She had to remove one of her hands to do so, taking a deep breath she did and pressed the button.
He must have been retirement age, but still well toned, only a tiny pair of shorts covered his groin as he leaned towards the car and looked straight in her eyes and asked,
"Are you a nudist dear? If you don't mind me saying so you look fabulous sat there in the sunlight!"
She thanked him for the compliment and told him she was not, this caused his brow to wrinkle as he looked puzzled and asked,
"So why are you sitting with your breasts exposed, and here?"
She explained that her 'partner', as she chose to refer to him as had just popped to the toilet. Still looking puzzled, he asked again, saying that she was evading answering the question that he had asked her.
"So why are you sitting with your breasts exposed and on display?"
Her face now crimson looking past him and wishing Fred would return quickly to avoid the answer. There was no sign of him, no way out of answering, his eyes widened awaiting her reply, she had to respond, the silence to long as she hung her head and quietly replied,
"I handed him my top as he asked and that's what he wanted me to do!"
He reached in and placed his hand gently under her chin, turning her head to face him and now asked,
"Then why did you just not answer that you are submissive and an exhibitionist?"
She went to lower her head, his gaze held hers, as he whispered,
"Your partner instructed me to come over and see your reaction; he also suggested that you may actually give me the honour of caressing your breasts for him to see!"
She sighed in slight relief as he pointed to the other side of the car. Fred was standing watching; his arms crossed as he looked towards the car and grinned.
"The Bastard!"
The words left her lips, the man laughed out and praised her for her manners in this situation; he apologised for causing her blushes and again complimented her and the figure before him.
She breathed easier now, shaking her head at Fred, but in devilment, chose to call his bluff. Her arms lowering and inviting the stranger to caress his prize, telling him,
"You have a good feel you naughty old man!"
He did, both arms extending and mauling her, her head turning to gauge Fred's reaction, his hand grabbing his crotch. She knew he was pleased and excited.
He walked slowly over. The other car now leaving, the man's hands continued to caress her as Fred thanked him for assisting to be told it was only a pleasure for him.
Fred informed him she had been naughty all day, and had to be spanked this morning for disobedience. The man loosed his grip on her breasts; his eyes now wide and excited as he stated that he would love to of witnessed that!
Fred looked into Gingers eyes, and simply told her to turn over let the man see if she was still red from her punishment. She rolled and turned reclining the chair again to be lying face down.
Her bottom with her bikini riding up exposed now as Fred rubbed her cheeks, pulling it into the crack further and commented that it was all white again, quickly raising his hand to land sharply onto her cheek, followed by the second.
Ginger could not see the other man's excited look, getting erect from her punishment, but time was moving to quickly, Fred thanked the man for his assistance but informed him they must get on with there journey.
He thanked them both. The car started and Ginger rolled back over to be seated. She smirked, leaned over and kissed his cheek whispering,
"You're so cruel to me!"
Fred asked if she was complaining and if she wanted to stop their fun? She quickly shook her head, informed him,
"I couldn't now if I wanted too"
They now approached a little lane leading down to the ferry, Fred reached for her top and informed her she may need this as there would be foot passengers as well as cars on the ferry, families, and he didn't want them arrested.
They drove on; she was shocked the ferry was no more than a floating plank carrying a dozen cars, pulled across the river to the town by a tug boat.
She looked around taking in the scenery and commented how beautiful it was. Her hand reached out for Fred's and held it. A tender moment, fingers interlocked, appearing to everyone around like a normal couple, no one knowing of there real lives, miles away from that reality.
She was so relaxed and comfortable with Fred by her side. As she looked at him, he leaned over, kissed her lips gently and asked,
"Are you having a good day so far? You wouldn't do anything you didn't want to just to please me would you?"
She shook her head, kissed him again, and held her hand to his face informed him,
"It could have always been this way, if only...!"
They both knew this and their gaze was broken as the ferry hit the landing, engines fired and the cars left, driving through the picturesque little town, out and down onto the coast road.
The scenery Ginger marvelled at, never travelling here before, just another beautiful undiscovered place in our beautiful country.
The quaint little towns, houses and the view over the sea were amazing as they turned around some sharp twisty corners, Ginger giggled as she was thrown side to side, her breast becoming exposed as the car was slowing and turning into a car park.
Fred got out and put his money in the machine, took the ticket and stuck it to the screen, Ginger had already stepped out, was stretching as Fred grabbed the bag, a cylindrical little bag she had not seen before too, he took her hand leading her down some concrete steps and onto the shingle.
The sea crashing as the small waves fell and met the beach. Ginger smiled, a day at the beach with Fred, how relaxing, it seamed quiet for the amount of cars there. They walked for a while, the shingle hard to walk in, finally passing a piece of old wood standing up from ground. Fred placed the bags down, lifted his t shirt and lowered his shorts. Ginger stared on in amazement and asked,
"What are you doing?"
Fred leaned against the post, and asked,
"Don't you know what this is then?"
She shook her head as she wouldn't know. She had never even heard of Slapton. The signs stated the name as they approached but that was it, it meant nothing. She looked puzzled and had to ask,
"What does it mean?"
Fred smirked telling her,
"It's an unwritten law, but as you pass the marker you are onto the nudist beach!"
He explained that not everyone got naked, some topless, maybe only one partner was nudist, but that's the rules. He stood watching her reaction, her smile getting broader, her hands lifting behind, untying her top once more, throwing her arms in the air with her top dangling from her one hand and exclaimed,
"In that case, let them be free!"
Fred looked down at her bottoms, he had to control himself here and keep his erection under control. An erection would be frowned up on as they passed the general nudists, but would she remove her bottoms?
She looked down, breathed deeply and dared to ask,
"Do you mind if I keep them on for a while until I relax?"
Fred approached, asked if she thought he would mind? He watched as her hands as they went to slide them down, quickly stopping her and looking into her eyes, he told her he wouldn't!
Like he had said earlier that day, she had to be comfortable and wasn't to do anything to please just him. He held her body to his, arms falling around her too embrace her. She whispered,
"Thank you!"
Their lips met again and parted, Fred reached down, taking the bags over his shoulder as they walked hand in hand further along the shingle. People were now visible and getting closer.
Families flew their kites, some playing bat and ball, not a care in the world, many greeting them as they passed. Gingers eyes were amazed, cocks hung and swung around, different shapes and sizes, shaven, hairy, women just lying there spread open on display, men just wished her good morning and were not staring at her body as such, just a fleeting glance as they passed.
She grabbed Fred's hand tight and turned to him, telling him she was amazed, she was shocked at the shapes and sizes, the age range, no one giving a fuck as she chose to describe it.
"Why should they?"
Fred asked the question, but she already thought the same, why should anyone care what others think, they were confident enough to be like this and who cares.
They were now nearing the end of the beach, approaching a wind break set at the back. Gingers eyes wondered over as they closed in, going wider as they saw the back of a ladies head, she was lying face down, legs wide and her pussy bare and exposed to anyone passing by.
In her mouth was her husbands erection; so hard! He was obviously enjoying her sucking him and her lips movements on his shaft as he lay back and allowed her to pleasure him.
Ginger was staring down as they walked, the lady hearing the shingle being moved and looking up, stopping to release him from her lips but holding him firm in her fist as she looked over to Ginger, her eyes were travelling over her body, different to the others they passed as she greeted them and said,
"Hiya babe! Looks like its going to be a good one today, don't you think?"
Gingers mouth had fell open; she was staring at the erection but moved her eyes to hers to reply.
"Yes, its beautiful isn't it?"
The lady laughed, her hand now moving gently on the shaft as she stared into Gingers eyes and asked her,
"Are you referring to the weather of something else?"
Ginger had not even realised that they had stopped walking; she was referring to the weather, but also liked the sight of the cock before her. She giggled squeezing Fred's hand as she responded with,
"The weather but that's nice too!"
Her confidence was brimming now; the lady leaned down and licked at the tip as Ginger watched. She lifted her head and now asked,
"Are you joining us or off for some fun first? We'll be here all day so if you're feeling a little hungry later, feel free to come back and have something to eat, we can share it!"
Ginger tugged Fred's arm gently, wishing them both fun and walking away. She turned to Fred; her face was full of amazement, she looked excited and asked,
"Can they do that? Is that allowed?"
They continued as he laughed, telling her to look as another bare bottom was now in view. The elderly lady was gyrating on the man beneath her, much younger than her, another man who was obviously more her age sat beside against a rock.
His erection was tiny in his fingers as Ginger listened and heard the lady talk to the man she was riding,
"That's it you fucker, bang my belly! Fuck me like a real man not that little thing I have to endure over there"
Ginger slowed Fred to listen, pulling back on his arm as the lady turned to the older man and sharply asked him,
"Are you enjoying seeing a real man fuck me, fuck me deep inside, fuck your wife like all those little slag's you used to fuck yourself from the office?"
Ginger waited for his answer, he was nodding; his fingers moving fast as he simply replied with,
"Yes darling!"
The lady moved faster, moaning and proclaiming how deep he was inside, how it was so nice to be fucking something substantial. Again she turned to the man and told him,
"That's all you're good for and all you're getting now, my cuck to carry my bags and lead me to the real cocks and if your lucky, I might let you clean me up later as I tell you how it feels to be fucked by a man!"
Ginger dragged Fred on, him smiling at the situation, Ginger turning puzzled and asked,
"What's a cuck?"
Fred explained that basically he was under her control, her partner but not allowed to do anything without her permission, basically her sub.
Ginger laughed and commented on his little penis, telling Fred she could understand why she wanted something bigger than that! Fred asked,
"Did you prefer the cock she was riding?"
She nodded her response as Fred led her from the back of the beach towards the shore. A few people were spread around, not much action here.
He set down the bags, emptied the cylindrical one, and proceeded to construct the beach shelter inside it. Ginger strolled down to the shore as he did letting the water cool and cover her feet.
As usual in this country, it wasn't warm, but she was wondering along then looking up as a man now approached doing the same. He looked straight at her; said hello and joked it was a little cold as he looked directly at her erect nipples.
She looked down too giggling and said,
"It is a little!"
He passed, turning to check out her bottom but she turned and caught him and smiled. She now turned to return to the shelter and greet Fred with a deep kiss and said,
"It's amazing here, thank you for bringing me!"
She sat down just inside the shelter. Her legs outstretched as Fred reached into the bag and produced a bottle or pink champagne. He passed her two glasses as he popped the cork towards the sea, quickly pouring and burying the bottle to take his glass, chinking them together, and toasting,
"To us!"
She sipped at the liquid, she needed it, cold and refreshing after their walk. He took out some lotion, showed her and asked,
"Shall I?"
She lay back, joking he had better as there was nothing worse than crispy nipples. He knelt over her feet, started from her toes, over the tops, working up her legs slowly and carefully rubbing in the lotion, making her jump as he dribbled it onto her flesh.
She leaned back on her elbows, his hands now slightly parting her thighs, travelling over the tops and tracing up inside. He parted her knees, worked a little firmer into the soft flesh on her inner thighs, tormenting her now as he approached her bikini bottoms.
His hands worked up against the sides of them, just under the edges, taking care as not to get the liquid onto her lips.
His thoughts selfish of his tongue later tasting there and not wanting to spoil the taste of her natural juices. He slid up over her stomach and pushed her breasts upwards.
She lay back, looking upwards and noticed a shadow from behind her lover. Her head tipped forward to see an elderly gentleman watching, his cock shaven and semi erect, pointing outwards as he watched Fred massage the white liquid over her soft mounds.
She arched her back pushing her breasts out, telling Fred to make sure he did a good job on them, he intended too, toying her nipples in little circles unaware of the voyeur behind them, his hands finally moved, leaving them to do her shoulders and neck sending tingles down her body.
He eased his body back again and down to her ankles. Still unaware of the voyeur, she turned, her head to the side and asked,
"Would it be easier if you removed the bottoms?"
He smiled at her suggestion, reaching for the ties and quickly tugging them open, she eased up allowing him to extract them without pulling against her flesh.
She knew now she was exposed, Fred's hands once more starting from her feet, then easing her legs ajar now to kneel between her ankles, telling her it was far easier than struggling to get between her thighs.
His body protected her exposure from the stranger, she didn't know if he was even still looking now, but the thought he was had made her begin to leak. Fred's hands now close to her pussy, coming up and massaging her cheeks.
He was kneading the soft flesh, he moved off her, sitting to the side of her body, working her lower back as her legs lay akimbo, her bottom raised slightly as her mind was telling her to show the stranger between her legs, wanting him to see there.
Fred's hands worked up to her shoulders again, she turned and asked,
"Is he still there and looking at me?"
Fred now turned, seeing the gentleman now lying on the shingle facing up to gaze between her legs. He told her he was and lying down, staring straight at her pussy and looked to see that she had her arse poking up to expose herself.
He playfully slapped her bottom again, told her she was getting dirtier by the minute to which she laughed, and told Fred he had been watching them for a while.
He took a towel from the bag and wiped his hands, running one between her legs and knowing how excited the exposure had made her.
"You're fucking dripping down there, teasing that poor man, you should at least go and say hello and ask if he has enjoyed the show!"
Her face filled with devilment again, she turned and sat up, his eyes straight on her as she stood, grinning at Fred as she walked away from him, hips swaying and looking amazing.
She was approaching the stranger, his Grey hair shinning in the sun. Fred sat and watched her new found confidence, seeing his lover squat down right in front of the man's face only inches from him.
He couldn't hear the conversation, but what he could see was the man's hand and arm now moving to between her open legs, working up her spread thighs and she was staying in that position.
This allowed Fred to see her being touched, he knew she would be nervous, but she wouldn't be doing this without the safety of her lover behind her giving her this new found confidence to allow herself this pleasure.
She wanted that, she knew it would excite Fred, it was his suggestion to say hello to the man after teasing him. Fred looked on as the silver haired man's hand stroked between her legs.
Passing over her wetness, knowing her lips were hanging before him and he watched her back arch and presumed he had just pushed his fingers inside her.
His hand had indeed found her opening and pressed inside, she wondered if Fred see, glancing back and realising he was close enough too, and closer than it looked before.
She asked her new friend to turn over, asking to see what she did to him. Fred watched on as the man rolled onto his back, seeing Ginger now lay down beside him.
He watched her arm stretch out and down, her hand rising and falling. Her friends arm extended to her chest. Fred was solid, drooling as he watched his lover having fun, he wanted to go closer and join her but allowed her to explore herself and the man.
He choose to sit watching as her hand picked up speed, the man lying back and groaning out a loud 'YES' as he exploded over her hand and his own body.
Not ten minutes had passed by, Ginger was already walking back to her lover. A wry smile on her face now, had she shocked or pleased Fred?
It was answered as she approached; he was lay back with his erection pointing to his own stomach. She stood across his legs, legs straight as she bent over and kissed his erection.
"Did you enjoy that then?"
Fred now nodded; he told her it was amazing to see that she was able to explore her fantasies without fear. She informed him that was to gift him for his assistance, to show she could experiment, but not only for his pleasure but for her own.
She told how she wanted to make the man cum! She knew he would be excited after watching and felt it was only fair to assist him. Fred nodded his approval. She lowered herself, sitting down and rubbing her wet slit along his shaft. Looking down at him she asked,
"Don't you get jealous seeing another man touching me?"
He shook his head, explaining as he had before that he knew it was for a moment of pleasure, no feelings between them only the lust of the moment, he knew she was getting pleasure, that gave him his own and he knew that shortly after he would be benefiting from the basically, 'foreplay'.
He knew she would return and want to be with him and not another. She lowered, teasing his lips with her nipples, leaning to his ear and whispered,
"So basically he made me wet so you can fuck me?"
As her words left her mouth, she pressed back, expertly guiding him inside with no hands, banging back onto him until she squashed his balls between them.
She sat upright, caressing her own breasts, her muscles inside clenched at his erection. Another man now passed who she wished a good afternoon.
"How does that feel?"
Fred looked up gazing at her hands working her nipples and told her,
"It's amazing, but you need to allow people to see your riding my cock, fucking yourself, using my cock for your own pleasure, but you also forgot something"
She began to bounce, but slowed and eased off for him to roll the rubber down his shaft, lowered back onto him as another man was passing and craning his neck to see her penetrated.
Fred informed her so and she leaned forward and wiggled her bottom on him, stimulating him to push up to meet her downward motions.
He sat up towards her, his arm around her, lifting himself and pushed her back, but managing to keep his erection inside, lowering her into the shingle and pushing hard inside, taking her with her head now tipped backwards down the beach.
He pushed inside again, grabbed her legs lifting and placing them on his shoulders.
"Now you can get fucked! Just like you thought of that man doing, didn't you?"
She looked up, he was right! She had thought of the man on top of her, taking her in front of Fred as she masturbated him, but there was more he didn't know.
"Do you really want to know what I thought of while his cock was in my hand?"
Fred nodded, then spoke and told her,
"Every little dirty detail Ginger; no holds barred!"
He pushed hard inside her, his own hips gyrating and stirring his erection deep inside her. Her lips parted to speak and the true Ginger exposed herself.
"I dreamed of him pushing me back onto the beach. His hands pinned down my wrists. That shaven cock went inside me; but other men were surrounding us too! They were all masturbating; hands were touching me Fred, lots of different ones all over my tits and body and i couldn't stop them!"
Fred's speed and excitement increased, he listened asd she continued,
"I was surrounded, I couldn't see who was doing what, the shingle was scooped out from under my head and it tipped back, and they were using my mouth and fucking it!"
Fred was pounding inside her, their bodies were sliding down the beach, their eyes locked on each others, he was a little shocked at her detail, but loved her thoughts, another fantasy explained that made him visualise her like that.
He thrust hard, jabbing inside her, her legs trembled against his shoulders.Her moans were getting louder and quickening, she was gasping, he was pounding her until he released, yelling out himself with pleasure.
She knew he was unloading and yelled out too as his orgasm spurred hers, louder than other moments, but they didn't care one iota, their juices left there bodies, the teat filled inside her and hers flowed out and over him, he thrust the last few drop from his shaft, looked down at her chest rising and falling and asked,
"Have you seen my shy friend Ginger recently?"
They laughed together now. Both were now sweating a little in the sun. He lowered against her body. Their arms around one another but she rolled them over and sat on top of his wilting erection.
He watched her stomach push and the glint in her eyes as she gripped his wilting cock, leaking more over him and now he was feeling it running down over his balls.
He slid out and reached down removing the rubber. She was still sliding up and down against him using her juices as lubrication, sliding back and forth slowly against him while regaining their breath a little before finally rolling off him.
She eased off, rising to her feet and standing with the sun making the mess between her thighs glisten. He stood and joined her, again they embraced, breaking it to walk hand in hand to the sea.
They kicked water against each other gasping at how cold it was, finally hugging but wrestling to fall into the cool water beneath. They shrieked as they bodies chilled, quickly washing off before he chased her from the water, a passing couple looked on.
He reached the towel and began to dry her. The couple, Fred guessed in there 40's sat down the beach a little but to the side of them. There obvious exhibitionist manner instantly visible as she spread her legs for the man to bury his face between, she caressed her own breasts, them too gaining a voyeur who was now sitting down by their side.
She stopped touching her breasts and allowed him to reach over to caress them, but then he moved around, his erection heading for her face and was feeding his penis into her willing mouth, his own head now close to her partners and finally taking over, locking into a 69 position as her partner looked on.
Ginger was staring again, watching the lady playing, but her stare was broken by a man walking between the couples. He looked at the ladies while passing, towering over them, this was a huge man, standing around six and a half feet tall, broad shoulders and her eyes now moved and were now transfixed at what swung before him.
She stared back at Fred, watching as the man walked past, over into the rocks and out of sight. Fred taunted her, telling her to close her mouth as there were flies around and bigger things too. She laughed, asking him,
"Did you bloody see that thing?"
Fred chuckled and joked about the donkeys on the beach, and he thought one had just seen one pass, making a joke about ladies always loved a donkey ride. She giggled, but was staring towards the rocks hoping for another view. He took her arm, pulled her up, grabbing there bag and leaving the shelter, leading her towards where he had gone out of sight.
She protested and pulled back telling him she didn't need a closer look, she couldn't imagine sex with that, not with that thing! Fred laughed at her and pulled her forward.
She didn't resist now, listening as he suggested they could pass so she could say hello and have a closer look and walk away.
They stepped over the rocks, over a few more until the man could be seen reclined on a flat slate like rock. His ankles were crossed, his arms behind his head as they approached. His head lifted, he nodded, saying,
"Well hello young lady!"
Questioning what had taken her so long? She stuttered trying to find her words, stopped with his own as he again spoke out.
"You can do what you want with it, ladies feel the need to touch and feel, some are fascinated; some feel the need to experience more of it! I can see you're shy, go on, take it in your hands and play a little if you want?"
She looked back at Fred, she was nervous now from his confidence, but Fred took over.
"Don't just stand there taunting the man! Get on your knees between his legs, cup his balls and feel it for yourself, it's obvious to us both you want too!"
That was her cue, his command now made her knees bend as the man uncrossed his ankles and the huge penis dropped between his legs. Even Fred was amazed by it, but he wanted Ginger to feel, he knew her curiosity needed too.
She knelt down, knees together and took his sack in her hand. She cupped under as if weighing them, rubbing her hand down his shaft which now twitched and sprung up onto his thigh.
She giggled, her thumb tracing the slit, she pushed it upwards towards his navel, wide mouthed again, Fred joking that if she remained that way she may as well just put her mouth to good use.
She leaned closer, two hands reaching, caressing the hardening cock. She wanted too, but could she? Would it fit anywhere?
Her head lowered and licked from the base to the tip, his hand stroked her face as he dared her to try it. Her lips fell kissing the head, slowly opening her jaw, getting wider until it was entering.
Her knees now parted as she adjusted her position. She pushed down taking a mouthful, not able to take this thing down as she normally could. The big mushroom shaped head explored with her tongue, the taste of pre cum filled her mouth.
She was arching her back, her pussy pushing out and now felt hands taking her hips. She felt a penis pushing inside, never thinking to question who it was, marvelling at the thing she was devouring, it had broken her concentration to anything else.
She slid her lips down once more, his hand moving to the rear of her head, fingers in her hair as he applied some gentle pressure.
She was wide eyed and they were watering as the head was trying to penetrate her throat and making her gasp for air through her nose. Her insides were being penetrated, the cock slowly easing inside, slowly fucking her as she had presented herself to be and pushing her forward onto the cock in her mouth.
She choked a little as the cock started to stretch her throat having to lift her head off quickly. She looked up, and gasped for air to see Fred standing in front of her.
Her heart skipping as she realised it was not him now inside her, quickly turning her head to see the grin or another older man as he pushed forward inside her.
Her head was turned and pushed back down, she shook so hard, gagging again as her orgasm hit her so hard and so quick, the emotions running through her head to quickly to comprehend as he held her onto him making her cheeks bulge, eyes stretch open as she flooded the man now behind with her juices.
Fred's was now caressing his shaft, watching the performance, her lips wide, the man behind speeding up giving a loud groan as he came and pushed hard inside.
Fred had ensured her protection unknown to her as she reached back finally thinking he may have entered with no protection. Relieved now as she felt the rubber around him; again turning back and sinking her head on the monster.
Her pussy fell empty as the man behind withdrew. The cool sea air filled her gaping hole as Fred moved beside her. She was released again to gasp out for air, but this time finding herself being pulled up and off the cock before her.
Fred kissed her lips and told her she looked so dirty sucking on his huge cock! She licked her lips breathing heavily with a huge grin. The man that was behind before now joined Fred on the opposing side of her body.
Fred nodded, her head turning between them but finding them cradling her and lifting her. One arm under her legs each and there others locking behind to cradle her into a sitting position.
They lifted her, stepping forward so she hovered above the beast. She looked and saw him holding that erection in the air now with rubber stretch over it. She screamed out,
"No, I can't, it won't!"
She was lowered still protesting, Fred looked at her face; he knew it was false, her eyes went wide as she finally touched the tip,
"Oh my fucking god! Oh my fucking god noooo!"
They lowered her slightly again; the tip pressed hard against her entrance, Fred gave her the chance to stop, asking,
"Do you want us to move you away darling? Do you not want to try to take it then?"
She looked at him, sighed, she so wanted too, but didn't want to admit it. Their arms eased her down, she gasped, staring into Fred's eyes, still no answer as it stretched her entrance and finally made her exclaim,
"OH MY FUCKING GOD! NO WAY, NO FUCKING WAY!"
She was spread and on it, the mushroom shaped head had stretched and penetrated her as Fred asked again, this time with no hesitation on her answer.
"Slowly, just please slow. It's only fucking in me, it's in, and it's fucking huge. It's so fucking big!"
The men's faces all grinned. They saw her ecstasy as she was lowered, moaning and still shouting out profanities as it was inching in and stretching her like never before.
She had played with objects that were big but could only compare this to an experiment she once had with a cucumber.
But when she tried that she was in control, had all the time in the world and could lower onto it. They lowered her again; she was full and screamed out, her body now failing to fall as she was filled and the head pressed hard against her cervix.
"No more, please, it's going to go into my fucking belly!"
The men lowered her legs allowing her to adjust to kneel over it. Her head tipped back, she slowly raised and lowered herself again. She was still gasping out and saying no, but now riding slowly up and down.
Fred moved to witness this, her pussy so stretched, he stepped forward, standing over the man and pulled her head to his erection, pushing down into her face as she loved, and holding her to him.
Fred felt small now, but her cheeks hollowed and sucked, the man below bucked up, her eyes nearly popping out. She knelt stationary and allowed him to push up, to fuck her banging against every thrust against her cervix.
She shuddered, the feeling like nothing ever encountered before, he quickened, pushed up again, forcing her body to rise with his cock. She grabbed Fred, covering the beast with her juices, flooding him as she gripped onto Fred's buttocks.
Her nails dug into his bottom as a second wave of pleasure hit her, never experienced before, the orgasm's were only seconds apart, she released Fred's penis, screaming out so loud and rammed down hard causing the beast to now explode inside her.
Fred stood back, he marvelled as she stared into the sky. Her fingers rubbed her clitoris again as she pushed herself down for one more orgasm. She shook her head in disbelief.
She couldn't believe what had just happened, the size of this penis, her ignorance allowing a man just to enter her and not know who it was. Fred still pleasuring his own erection in front of her.
She finally raised herself off the thing, her legs buckled as she fell to her knees before him. She looked up and mouthed,
"Thank you!"
He stepped forward, pushed into her mouth and fucked it hard. Her hand fell again to her clit, joining him in his orgasm as it filled her mouth.
She had to pull off for air just as he came, making her drool his cum down her chin, some hitting her face but grabbing him to drain every last drop that she could with her hand.
She fell onto her hands, head still shaking in disbelief, pussy still gaping open as she began to laugh, the disbelief but shock at her afternoon, she rolled over, reached up for Fred's hand and pulled him down to kiss her.
The men had left behind them. They lay there holding each other, breathing slowing, her giggles subsiding as she still questioned,
"I didn't take that? I couldn't have!"
Fred looked into her eyes raising his, confirming,
"You did, and you looked like a women possessed as it stretched you! Like a porn star having her first big cock and loving it".
Nearly half an hour passed by, time had run out for the lovers, but Ginger did not want to leave. Her disappointment showing as Fred suggested they needed to make a move to get her back home before she was missed.
The walk back across the beach finding it much harder now; both exhausted, legs aching and helping each other as they walked.
Finally they reached the post, covering there bodies once more before heading to the car. They climbed inside, the disappointment showing as they drove away from there idyllic moment.
For nearly three hours Ginger still explained her disbelief, sat spread, examined herself, turned the mirror down to look at her red swollen pussy.
She was a little bruised, her heart beat felt in her pussy for the journey, finally back at Fred's, kissing goodbye and not even time to share a coffee now.
She drove quickly home, just made the shower before hearing the door close knowing her partner had returned. She breathed a sigh of relief, just washing herself clean in time as his head popped around the door and asked,
"How was your day then?"
She joked to herself as she answered,
"I was stretched to my limits. I'm exhausted!"
He laughed and said,
"What, eight hours and you're exhausted?"
The door closed, she smiled and muttered to herself,
"If only you fucking knew!"