Chloe Lau
This is a continuation of the Jocelyn Reynolds story contained in 'Submissive to Dominant' but it can be read independently.
1. The Video
Curled on the sofa with her feet underneath her butt, Chloe Lau ate popcorn while watching a video of herself and Vijay on the 70-inch flat-screen TV in the living room of her condo. It was although she was seeing another woman have sex, not her. A different Chloe Lau fucking the brains out of a man who didn't know he was being filmed.
They were rolling around on the bed. Constant movement, fondling, arousing, and exciting different parts of their bodies. Sensual stimulation that became more passionate and intense.
Vijay was a big man. Twice her size in width. Solid. Muscular. Brown skinned. With an oversized cock.
She was a slim, petite twenty-six-year-old just over a meter in a half in height with small hands and feet that matched her small breasts. Gifts of Asian ancestry she had small brown eyes, large lips, a flat nose, and high cheek bones. Her jet-black hair contrasted with her smooth ivory skin.
He repeatedly said that she was drop-dead gorgeous although she only heard it in her mind. She'd muted the video's sound.
In honour of Valentine's Day, her very short heart-shaped black pubic hair was dyed a bright seductive cherry red. The shade of passion. Vijay seemed to like the colour because his head was in her crotch for five uninterrupted minutes while she sucked on his cock.
She recalled struggling to get his mammoth member into her small mouth and then having to control the gag reflex as it surged down her throat like a python descending a tree.
They altered positions. He lay on his back, and she slipped a condom down his long shaft. Spreading her pussy cheeks wide, she engulfed his pulsating cock into her cunt in a fluid motion. Then they began to pump in earnest.
She remembered the sensation of him inside her, but with no sound all she could see was the expression on the woman's face in the video. Ecstasy.
He raised his head and nibbled on her erect nipples. She threw her head back and silently screamed in sexual joy. As they fucked with increased energy beads of perspiration appeared on their oversized bodies on the TV panel.
They kissed passionately. Her breasts squished into his hairy chest. His fingernails dug into her butt cheeks.
Even though she knew what to expect, she loved the look of surprise on the woman's face when he suddenly flipped her onto her back while keeping his cock solidly inside her cunt.
They continued to fuck like routing animals with all the energy of a tornado.
Watching herself become aroused, plateau, and then peek in a mind-blowing orgasm almost made Chloe come while sitting alone on the sofa. She couldn't explain why she derived more erotic pleasure from being a voyeur than being the fuckie.
The video ended when he shot his load and slid off her glistening body. The final frame was the two of them panting on the bed staring at the ceiling.
The big screen TV went blank.
For the last two and half years she's been surreptitiously filming her boyfriends. This was the fourth time in the last six months that she'd watched this specific lovemaking session. The videos appeared in random order.
Her phone sounded. She looked at the display and buzzed open the front door to her condo building.
She turned off the video, arose from the sofa, and straightened her form-fitting bodycon mini dress. Stepping into her heels she entered the bathroom, ran a brush through her shoulder length black hair, and applied some lipstick. The doorbell chimed.
She opened the door and greeted Jamal with a kiss.
He was an uber wealthy divorced forty-two-year-old corporate lawyer. His handcrafted bespoke suit was the colour of the night sky in mid-evening. His tailored shirt as crisp as fresh fallen snow.
Brandie, Chole's twenty-five-year-old bff from yoga, said her goal was to be a trophy wife. "Country clubs, summer homes, travel, jewelry, tons of money in return for letting an old man screw me."
Should that be Chole's new ambition? Jamal spent more on a pair of handmade shoes than she spent in a year on groceries.
Their first date had been dinner at a Michelin starred restaurant followed by no sex. This was their second date, and she envisioned themselves fucking like minks later this evening.
"Do we have time for a drink," she asked.
"A short one," he said looking at his expensive gold watch. "The symphony begins at seven-thirty."
He surveyed her open-concept condo while she poured the drinks.
"With a screen that large you must really like TV," he said.
"I prefer videos."
She handed him a Laphroaig single malt. She knew he'd want good Scotch. She had a Quail's Gate chardonnay. They clinked glass and sipped their beverages.
He looked though the glass door to the balcony.
"Quite the telescope," he said.
"It has a 4.5-inch aperture and fast f/4 focal ratio," she said. "It captures distant celestial objects in bright, crisp, and clear images."
Jamal gave a short laugh.
"What?" she asked.
"It's probably something a voyeur would love if it's powerful enough to see into the bedrooms of your neighbours."
"What to try?"
"Just joking. I'm not into that. Are you?"
"It might give me ideas of things to do," she said with a smile.
They finished their drinks and left for the symphony.
2. At Symphony Hall
They were seated in a box in Symphony Hall compliments of an appreciative client of Jamal. The other two patrons in the box were strangers. Each box was separated by a meter high partition.
Beside her, in the adjacent box, were a good-looking couple probably the same age as Chloe. The man was in a tuxedo. The brown-haired woman wore a cream-coloured silk blouse and a killer skirt with a slit to her thigh. She couldn't see the other people in the box nor those in the box to her right.
Seated, her mini dress barely covered her crotch, revealing her long shapely legs.
They held hands throughout the performance of Tchaikovsky's 1812 Overture. During San Sans third symphony he rested his hand on her knee. She marvelled at the contrast of their skin colours. An eight ball alongside the cue ball.
After intermission the orchestra began the first movement of Holtz's The Planets.
The pinky finger of his left hand began to explore the lace trim of her thong underwear. She responded by massaging the inner thigh of his left leg. She was becoming horny.
Oh yah, she thought. There'll be hot sex tonight.
There was movement to her left in the adjacent box. To her amazement the brown-haired woman was on her knees unzipping the trousers of the tuxedoed man. The woman's blouse was undone with her nipples exposed. A demi bra supported her large (in comparison to Chloe's) breasts. The woman licked, sucked, and then deep throated tuxedo's large cock.
They were totally silent not interfering with the music of Holtz's symphony.
Chloe removed her hand from Jamel's thigh and looked about. The lights were dimmed. Everyone appeared focused on the musicians other than the couple to her left and Jamel whose baby finger was searching for her pubic hair.
This was a dream come true. Viewing sexual activity without the aid of a telescope. Up close and personal. And in a public space.
She was sexual aroused observing the other woman's activities of licking, stroking, fondling, and then engulfing the man's dick into her mouth. Although she wasn't a connoisseur of BJs, the brown-haired woman's technique must be quite good because the man grinned like a Cheshire cat.
With his cock still in her mouth brown-haired glanced at Chloe who smiled encouragement as the woman continued deep throating the man.
Chloe removed the eyeliner brush from her purse and wrote her cell number and Text Me on a piece of paper that she tore from the concert's program.
Even though they were quiet Chole could tell when he exploded in her mouth. A dribble of sperm oozed out that the woman quickly licked up.
This was so thrilling that Chloe almost orgasmed. Not by Jamel finger, but watching this woman give head.
When the woman finished, she rolled back onto her haunches and looked at the man who beamed contentment. Then she eyed Chloe who smiled admiration and dropped her piece of paper within reach of the woman.
Chloe looked about. No one else seemed to have noticed the blowjob.
Jamel, concentrating on the musicians, didn't seemed to realize that Chloe's grin had nothing to do with his finger.
3. In Chloe's Bed
Lying naked on her king-sized bed she scrutinized Jamel disrobe. It was a myth, she thought about the size of black men's cocks. Nevertheless, for a middle-aged guy he was in great physical shape. Hopefully he'd look good in the video.
There was no foreplay. Jamel slipped on a condom, climbed onto the bed, shoved his cock into Chloe's pussy, and proceeded to hump her.
Lying flat on top of her with his chin on her shoulder and his face in the pillow all she heard was the occasional grunt.
"Oooh. You're so good," she cooed.
"I prefer silence," he demanded as he pounded her in a mechanical fashion.
What the fuck? Am I simply a cum receptacle for him?
"Ah ..."
"Quiet."
Trapped under his body she resigned herself to being subjugated. Mute and obedient. Fucked but not heard.
He came. She didn't.
Afterwards, he rolled off her and indicated that she should remove the condom from his cock.
She flushed it down the toilet.
"I need to be cleaned," he said.
She returned from the bathroom with a damp cloth.
"Do it with your tongue."
She strategically positioned herself so that the hidden camera filmed her performance.
Twenty minutes later, he rolled on top of her again. She suggested cowgirl style.
"No. I'm always on top," he said.
She was ready to cry. He had no regard for her needs and feelings. It was all about him. She was simply his fuck toy.
After a half hour rest, he did her a third time, once more missionary style.
Her only comfort was that she had a video.
Then they slept.
At six the alarm on his watch sounded.
"I've a nine o'clock meeting," he said.
"Do you want to shower together before you go?"
"No. I only have sex in bed."
Afterwards, as she edited the video to delete the sections were there was no action, she decided that she'd prefer to remain an interior decorator rather than a trophy wife.
4. At the Library Bar
They'd instantly spotted one another as they entered the Library Bar. After introductions and the shaking of hands they glided through the lounge to a private table in a far corner. The other patrons couldn't help but notice and admire the pair of gorgeous young women. Chole in a formfitting minidress on heels that accentuated her curvaceous long legs. Jocelyn in an expensive designer pantsuit.
The waiter took their orders. An un-oaked chardonnay for Chloe. A gin and tonic for Jocelyn.
They chatted generalities. Chole about the problems of freelance interior design. Jocelyn regarding the ongoing problems of running a software programming company.
The drinks arrived with a bowl of peanuts that they ignored. They clinked glasses and sipped their beverages.
"Thanks for meeting me," Chole said. "Let me tell you a little about myself."
No one was close enough to overhear their conversation.
"My father gave me a telescope for my seventh birthday," she said. "Instead of watching the stars I checked out our neighbours. By puberty I'd mastered the art of peeking through bedroom windows. As adult, I'm an accomplished voyeur."
She sipped her wine.
"Don't get me wrong. I love sex. The arousal. The stimulation. The ecstasy of coming. That electrifying surge. The waves of pleasure. Endorphins. I love it all. But I get off even more watching sex. Not the simulation that's in porno movies but real people engaged in passionate lovemaking."
"The thrill of the taboo?" Jocelyn asked.
"Absolutely. The excitement of the forbidden and naughty. Covert spying. Witnessing something private and intimate."
"Like me in Symphony Hall?"
"It's more complicated than that. I'm like a drug addict who needs a fix. I have to watch people having intercourse. At night when I'm alone I go onto my balcony where I've a powerful telescope on a swivel base. If I can't see any of my neighbours screwing, then I watch a video of myself having sex."
"You record yourself?" Jocelyn asked.
"Let me show you."
Chole removed her phone from her purse, entered a password to access her videos, and pressed play. She handed the phone to Jocelyn.
"They appear randomly," Chole said.
The video began with Chole and a very hairy man lying naked on a bed kissing ardently.
"That's Nikolai," Chole said. "I called him my Russian bear. We were together for about four months before his employer transferred him to Frankfurt."
The screen showed them engaged in energetic foreplay. Nikolai fondling Chole's breasts, she stroking his cock.
"Is there audio?" Jocelyn asked.
Chole activated the sound. Sexual moans and groans emanated from the mobile loud enough for some of the patrons in the lounge to look at the two women. Chole muted the phone again.
"The video's very clear and sharp," Jocelyn said.
"I have a studio-quality camera hidden in what appears to be a wardrobe cabinet."
"They don't know they're being filmed?"
"I found that if I told them they became self-conscious. Unawareness is better. More spontaneity on their part."
Nikolai climbed on top of Chole and held her outstretched arms against the bed. She was in the shape of a T with Nikolai humping her enthusiastically.
"It's as though you're tied to the bed," Jocelyn said.
"Yeah, it kinda felt like that."
"Are you into bondage?"
"Rodrigues and I tried it a few times with silk scarves. But it didn't work because the knots kept slipping undone."
Nikolai stopped his thrusts. There was a mischievous grin on his face. Resting on his elbows he continued to hold her extended arms.
"He was such a tease that evening," Chloe said. "He'd bring me to the brink and then stop, and then he'd do it again and again. When I finally came it was the best orgasm I've ever had."
Jocelyn handed the phone back to Chole who shut off the video and returned the mobile to her purse.
"Why did you ask me to text you?"
"My telescope is very powerful but the sex I observe isn't up close and personal. Even when I watch myself on my big screen TV in my condo, it still feels distant. But in Symphony Hall I could have stretched out my hand and touched you. It was so intimate being so near."
"What is you want?" Jocelyn asked.
"I want to be beside you watching you have sex."
5. The Orgy
The doorbell chimed. Chloe admitted Jocelyn and two men into her condo.
"This is Lars," Jocelyn said. He was a stereotypical Scandinavian with blonde hair that was almost white, sky-blue eyes, a straight nose, and thin lips.
"And this is Carlos." He looked like the Brazilian soccer star Ronaldo with his shaved head, rectangular body shape, and olive skin. Tattoos covered both arms.
"They were both tested negative two day ago for STD and COVID."
"Nice to meet you," Chloe said shaking their hands. "Do you want a drink or anything?"
"They both popped some blue pills riding up in the elevator. I think they're excited to get going."
Chloe led them into her bedroom. On Jocelyn suggestion she'd installed a second camera, hidden among the books on the dresser.
The two women sat at the foot of the bed while the men disrobed. They were both in good physical shape and hung like donkeys.
"Which one do you want?" Jocelyn asked. They'd agreed that Chole would go first and afterwards she'd watch Jocelyn have sex.
Chole approached Carlos, put her arms around him, and began a fiery kiss. He make her insides tingle. She did the same to Lars who was almost as good.
"Lie on the bed Carlos."
Jocelyn moved from the bed to the tub chair. Lars stood naked beside the chair.
Chole pushed the spaghetti straps off her shoulders and her dress fell to the floor. She was nude. She climbed on top of Carlos and began to kiss him. They explored one another's mouths with their tongues. She rubbed his shaved head. He fondled her butt cheeks. He rolled her onto her side and began to nibble at her nipples. She stroked his massive cock. She loved the feel of it pulsating in her palm.
She let go when she rolled onto her back, stretching herself out. Prone and available.
He eased his way down her body, kissing and licking her stomach as he progressed to her crotch. Her landing strip of public hair was trimmed very short, only about ten millimetres in length. He began cunnilingus but Chole didn't want the stereotypical position of lying on her back, legs spread, and Carlos pleasuring her.
"Let's try this," she said.
She flipped herself over and got on all fours with knees and elbows on the bed, thighs slightly apart, head lowered onto the pillow, ass raised, and cunt easily accessible.
"Eat me," she said.
From behind he had direct access to her genitals. Kneeling between her legs and holding onto her thighs, he leaned forward and began to stimulate her clitoris alternating with his finger and his tongue.
He was very good sending pleasure from her pussy to her brain and then to every other part of body. After five minutes of continuous sexual stimulation, she screamed in ecstasy as she orgasmed.
He waited for her to come down from her carnal rush before he removed his head from her crotch.
She wanted more from him, so she extended her arms and lowered herself so that her breasts touched the bed. Her face was in the pillow, her butt still in the air.
"Make me cum," she said.
He eased his enormous uncircumcised cock into her tight pussy. When he was fully embedded, he grabbed her hips and began to pump her with all his might.
This was so exciting. Not only was she being fucked doggy style, but there were two people watching her. She never realized how much having an audience added to the enjoyment.
She came a second time shouting in delight just before Carlos shot his load.
She collapsed onto the bed and Carlos withdrew his cock from her.
She was face down on the bed, panting and enjoying the endorphin rush.
"Do you want a rest or do you want Lars?" Jocelyn whispered in her ear.
"If he's half as good as Carlos, bring him on."
Lars stood by the bed. His erect circumcised cock curved upwards.
"Have you ever given head upside down?" he asked.
"No."
He rolled Chloe onto her back and positioned her so that her head hung off the edge of the bed.
Lars stood with his genitals in her face. The tip of his dick rubbed against her lips. She opened her mouth and his cap entered. It was the largest cock to ever fill her tiny mouth. Even though he took his time easing himself into her, it was difficult for her to accept his huge member.
He was too big.
His tip approached her throat, and he was only halfway in.
She was having trouble breathing.
Choaking, she flung up her hands.
He immediately withdrew his cock from her mouth, and she rolled onto her stomach coughing.
Maybe she'd deleted that from the video she thought.
"Let's try this instead," Lars said. He was still standing at the edge of the bed. "Lie on your back and put your legs up."
She did so, resting the back of her knees on his shoulders. She was in a V position her long legs extended up into the air.
Lars was strong and had no problem lifting her 46 kilos off the bed. He wrapped one arm under her ass and another around her back to stabilize her. She coiled her arms around his neck and pulled herself in, pressing her breasts into his chest. Her body was squished like a jackknife diver.
In this position his mammoth dick entered deeper than any man had ever been inside her. Touching pussy places never stimulated before.
It was fantastic.
They French kissed while his cock trust in and out of her cunt with all the force of a jackhammer.
So enjoyable and exciting. A strong man embracing her. A cock deep inside her. Tongues intertwined. With the added pleasure of others watching.
With their bodies pressed against one another they both came.
Dripping in sweat, she threw her head back and yelled, "YES. YES. YES."
He continued to pound her until he came as well. Then he pulled his cock out of her and lowered her onto the bed. She flopped backwards. Her spine on the bed, her feet on the floor, semen dribbling out of her cunt. A mixture of two men's junk.
"That was fuckin' great," she said swing her legs onto the bed.
Jocelyn stood naked in front of Chloe. When had she taken off her clothes?
From her clitoris hung a weighted silver chain that she unclipped and tossed into the tub chair that contained her clothes.
"Wearing it'll interfere with sex."
She climbed onto the bed. "Make room, Chole."
Looking at the men she said, "Okay boys, my turn."
Chloe watched in fascination as Jocelyn sandwiched herself between the two men. Lars on the bottom with his massive cock in her ass. Carlos on top with his huge dick in her cunt. Both men grunting as they fucked her relentlessly.
"Harder. Harder," Jocelyn demanded.
Both men increased their efforts. Their bodies glistened in perspiration.
"MORE. MORE," Jocelyn screamed.
They snorted and humped like crazed horny animals in heat.
The animalistic aura was too much for Chloe. She needed to be an active participant.
Unable to control herself she reached out and squeezed Jocelyn's left breast. Carlos lifted his chest. Chloe leaned forward and licked and nibbled Jocelyn's nipple. This was a new sensation for her. Lively involvement rather than passive observation.
Minutes later Jocelyn came with a shriek of pleasure. Her head tossing back and forth on the pillow. After regaining her composure, she said, "Now its time for a fuck fest."
Chole joined unhesitatingly.
For the remainder of the evening the two men screwed each of the women in their cunts, asses, and throats. It was unceasing carnal activity. All captured on video.
They fucked, ejaculated, and orgasmed until they had no more energy.
Exhausted, the women lay on the bed under the covers, their arms and legs entangled. The men had dressed and exited the condo. The cameras were off.
"That was fuckin' awesome," Chloe said.
"You're welcome."
"My hair's a mess. I'm starving. I've cum caked to my inner thigh. But I'm totally jacked." She learned over and gave Jocelyn a thank-you kiss on the lips. No tongue. "That was quite a surprise when you gave me a mouthful of Lars' jism in a French kiss while Carlos and I were fucking."
"Next time, instead of swallowing pass it back or snowball to another person."
Why did she think that there'd be a next time?
"I always thought that I just liked to fuck and observe," Chloe said. "Now I realize that I love being the centre of attention. Knowing that you were witnessing those two studs screw me was such an amazingly erotic turn on."
"So, you're a voyeur and an exhibitionist?"
"I think I enjoyed the latter more than the former."
"Does that mean you'll post your videos on the web?"
"No. The stimulation is having people ogle me as I'm doing it."
"How about a live cam?"
"No. I want the intimacy of the observers being in the same room so that they can see me and I can see them. The way the four of us were this evening."
"Live theatre can be arranged," Jocelyn said. "I recently joined the Hellfire Club whose members would be delighted to observe you have sex. Many would want to join in as well. Interested?"