As far back as I can remember I have been an exhibitionist and have many erotic memories especially in my twenties and thirties. Now middle aged, I exercise regularly to keep my body as fit as I can for any possible opportunities to show myself however we live in the country now so these opportunities are far and few between. Below is one of the many memories still dancing in my mind and is totally true. Looking back I think this is when I realized that I am definitely an exhibitionist. This is a bit tame compared to many of the stories here on Lit but none the less exciting and erotic for me.
*** When in my twenties I lived in a townhome that was set lower than the neighbors and my bedroom faced them. In between was a large grassy area that was used for walking pets, throwing football, etc. In general I would always leave my blinds open and continue on with my days and nights without really giving it too much thought. The majority of the folks that lived in the development were over 60 so it didn't give me not much hope for living out my exhibitionist fantasies.
To my surprise during one of the Saturdays at the pool I noticed a tanned beautiful blonde, fairly tall with a beautiful 30's something body, a wedding ring and kids. Let me just say that I have always loved older women and my mind begins racing, wondering if this may be the one living across the field and just above me.
One evening standing in my room drying off from a shower I noticed the neighbor above lights on and their blinds open. Thinking to myself, "that seemed odd, I've never seen their blinds open". A jolt of electricity shot down through my cock and my heart began racing. Since moving in I always wondered who my neighbor may be but with their blinds always closed I had never been able to see who they were. I always hoped for a hot single older woman but again most of the community were retirees. So I did what any good voyeur would do, I dug through my closet and found my binoculars!
Blinds wide open and the bedroom lights on, my heart was racing and I was shaking from the adrenaline rush but found a spot to steady myself in my room that offered a decent view of their bedroom window and brought the binoculars into focus. I could not believe my eyes! It was the 30's, something blond from the pool. She lived there, she was my neighbor! My cock grew fully erect with the sight of her and she still had her clothes on but it was the erotic thoughts filling my mind. Would she get undressed by the window? Would she see me and quickly lower the shades? Had she noticed my evening nude walks in and out of my bedroom?
I watched in anticipation my heart racing as she must have gotten in from work and was walking back and forth from the bathroom to the bedroom then to her closet. My exhibitionist tendencies began boiling in my mind so I stood up, dropped my towel exposing my throbbing cock, a bead of precum was already forming on the head of my cock as I walked over to the window but never looked her way as I didn't want my little game to be known.
My cock was throbbing and standing at attention awaiting her eyes to connect. I had a double window that went almost the length of my bed so there was no missing my tan and fresh out of the military body. I walked to my nightstand as my cock bounced with every step while pretending to be getting something out the drawer then walking back to my closet and over to my spot where I had laid my binoculars. I couldn't see her. Disappointed, I thought, she must not have seen me.
Then, I saw movement in the lower left corner of her window. She stood up from a kneeling position, she had been watching me the whole time! My cock was raging and leaking precum now as I continued to watch her. I grasped the shaft of my throbbing cock and slowly stroked it paying careful attention to the swollen head. I began breathing heavily as I stroked, I watched as she removed her clothes offering a full view of the most beautiful tan lined pert breast I had ever seen. She disappeared for a short time but reappeared as she began making her bed which was just beside the window. Completely naked and bending over right in front of the window she shows me her beautiful tan lined ass. She pauses there for a short time to be sure every wrinkle from the bed sheets is gone and to be sure I saw her too! This lasted several minutes and I would occasionally stand up, walk to my nightstand or hang clothes in the closet and show my hard tan body to her just so she knew I was still there and watching her.
I moved closer to the window so she could watch me as my strokes became faster in anticipation. I reached for the baby oil and let it trickle over the head of my cock then down the length of the shaft. With my back arched showing her my full length, I stroked slower not wanting this moment to end. I was unable to contain it any longer, my cock muscles began to contract and the cum shot forcefully out the tip of my cock, stream after stream, the feeling was amazing.
We danced around this type of scenario many times over the couple of years that I lived there and often wonder where she is now. I so enjoyed this beautiful lady whom I never knew!