Hey y'all,
A story of a recent Uber driving adventure. Given I live in Kirkland, WA I prefer picking up riders from Paine Field in Everett rather than make my way down to SeaTac and the winding s-curves of I-405.
Yesterday I was waiting in a parking area near the airport and was honestly horny as hell looking through my phone and chatting with people on my online accounts. They had me so sexed up that when my Uber app notified me of a rider, I did a small fist pump when I saw it was a guy that looked older but fairly handsome. If anything, he'd hopefully be fun to chat with.
I pulled through the pick-up circle for Uber riders and there was Dave, my rider. Dave was probably in his fifties and had a salt and pepper crew cut and goatee. If he was wearing glasses, he would have been a ringer for Ronnie the Limo driver from the Howard Stern Show. Oh, speaking of Ronnie, a big shout out thank you for mentioning me on the Wednesday the 6th of October, 2021 show, when Howard was looking through Ronnie's Twitter Followers and they chatted about me for about a min. Insane that they did, and it honestly made my year. OMG I'm such a Super Fan!!! Hey Now!!!
Anyway, back to Dave. He was slim, probably 6' tall, wearing jeans, a Carhart hoodie and an old beaten looking John Deere hat. He looked like he'd been working that day and it turns out he had been. He'd just flown back from Las Vegas where I learned he was attending a planning meeting to start construction on the Dream Hotel in South Las Vegas by the Airport. It sounds like it's going to be super fancy but that sounds like Vegas to me in general.
Dave was headed home but once we got talking it was evident that he wasn't ready to head home just yet. He said he'd been drinking on the flight home, and it had got him in the mood for a bit more fun. We were passing by the Foxy Lady Latte with bikini baristas in Everett when Dave mentioned he loves that place and needs a sexy lady to spend the evening with.
He immediately apologized for being blunt, but I told him right away, "Oh you don't have to worry about saying anything at all, if I had a body like them, I'd be showing it off too!"
That seemed to excite Dave a bit and he said, "Hell no, from what I've seen you're a hot little lady yourself and besides the guys I know love a MILF!"
Dave was definitely out of his shell. I told him I was flattered and admitted it didn't hurt to flaunt it a little in the hopes of making a better tip sometimes. Dave then said, "Hey fuck it, you seem like a cool lady, and I don't' want to go home yet. I'll admit I could use a little stress relief; would you mind if we changed the the destination of my ride?"
We were about 3 blocks from Dave's original drop off spot, but I said, "Sure just change it in the app and I'll take you anywhere you want to go."
A few seconds later the Uber app was showing me that Dave now wanted to head over to Adult Airport Video. Dave was quickly asking me if I'd been there before. I told Dave I'd heard about the place but never been there before. It was literally just 5 minutes later that we were pulling into the parking lot of Dave's destination. It wasn't what I expected. The place was like a mini compound. It had three buildings, all mostly painted red with white stripes, I guess in an airport, don't crash into me, motif. The buildings were all connected. A couple of the buildings had large garage doors like they were once used for another purpose.
Dave then asked me if I'd like to come in and check it out, saying he'd be honored to show it to me as he was a regular. I had no idea what all that meant, and I honestly expected just a big video store with XXX videos to rent. I clearly didn't have the right understanding.
I told Dave I was in an adventurous mood and would get a kick out of checking out this place. We were soon parked and walking in.
I will say the first interesting thing that happened when we were walking in was that a bunch of guys got out of their cars, I guess they'd just been sitting and waiting. I didn't think of it until later, but they were clearly waiting for the talent to show up and I just had.
It was also a bit surreal being escorted by this perfect stranger and sure enough when I walked into "The Porn Barn" as indicated by the sign above the guy working there, he yelled out, hey Dave, who's your sexy companion?
Dave introduced me as Jen, his Uber driver and that he wanted to show me around the place. The guy behind the counter asked if I was the notorious Jen the Uber Driving Slut and said if I was, that he follows me on Twitter and Fetlife. I shyly admitted I was, and Dave gave me a look like, Tell Me More and Who the Fuck did I stumble upon?? Dave didn't know anything about me but apparently the manager there knew all about my adventures.
"Damn Jen, I can't believe you've never been here before, this is right up your alley!!", the manager announced.
I admitted that I'm not always as wild as I describe in my stories, but I was excited that Dave was so insistent I see the place. It was honestly much nicer than I thought. The place had shiny dark concrete flooring and nice clean off-white walls with natural wood beams through-out. The displays in the Porn Barn were adult novelties and clothing, it honestly all looked like great quality. While Dave was paying for us to enter, I looked at the assortment of dildos and it made me horny just thinking of playing with them. What made me even hornier were the six to seven guys that were now coming into the place and ogling at me as I was checking out the wide assortment of dildos.
"Oh, now that Jen the Uber Driving Slut is here, you motherfuckers decide to all come piling in? I should fucking charge you to sit in my parking lot!", the manager said in a sarcastic tone, but you could also tell he meant it.
Dave walked over to me and told me he was ready if I was, and we walked past the reception desk and down a small connecting hallway to a closed door. Dave pressed a button and the door opened automatically and we proceeded in. That was a bit spooky, but I guess it was a way to control who gets in for the fun. There was music playing over the loudspeaker, but it was low enough to still easily talk with Dave and hear his description of the place. To my left were three different theaters what Dave described as straight, gay and trans. To the right was a small hallway that led to the booths which Dave said there were 16 of. Dave asked me if I'd like to sit with him in one of the booths. I told him my head was spinning with what I was seeing but that so far, I was game for anything.
We went into booth 2. Dave immediately pulled out a couple dollars and inserted them into the machine and he picked some porn to play on the screen. The booth was barely big enough for the two of us and had only a single chair. Dave offered me the chair, but I told him he should sit there, and I'd sit on his lap. The door to the booth sat about a foot above the ground and I could hear guys hustling to try and get into the booth next to ours. The word was definitely out that a woman/couple was in the theater. Right away there was an announcement over the loudspeaker that there should be no hanging out in the booth hallway and that everybody should either be in a booth or the theaters.
Dave took a seat in the white plastic chair, and I sat on his lap as we watched the video. He'd picked some play on words about a MILF. I think it was How I Wet Your Mother. I turned to Dave, and we kissed a little and I told him this was the craziest uber ride I'd had in a while.
"I can't believe you agreed to come in here with me, you're one wild lady", Dave said to me.
I told him I liked to have fun from time to time and that this was something I wanted to try for a while but needed someone as spontaneous as he was to get me to do it.
That's when Dave said, "Well if you want to try something really wild, just stick your finger through that hole, wave it back and forth like you want something and watch. My heart was racing, and I tried it. Within seconds a hard, red cock came shooting through the hole.
I gasp, "Holy shit lol, that's fucking amazing!"
There it was, a juicy red cock, ready, bobbing slightly. I watched as a clear bead of precum dripped down to the floor. My mouth watered. I wanted to taste him, but I was conflicted.
Dave helped me out and said, "Here's your chance to show me how adventurous of a slut you are!"
But I didn't even know who it was. It could be anyone, my dentist, my neighbor, the husband of a good friend. Who knows? I felt a rush of wetness imagining my friend's husband on the other side of the wall waiting for me to stroke his hot cock. I got closer to the hole.
It was clearly intended to be there. The hole was smooth, big enough to get a hand through or let tall and short guys have equal room. I scanned the other wall. There was a similar hole there too. This was a peeping booth. No. If it were for watching the holes would be higher. It was a glory hole booth. They really do exist!
The cock in front of me jumped. I reached my hand out toward it. It felt like slow motion. My finger just touched the tip and it jumped again. I grasped it in my hand and stroked it up and down a few times. There was a muffled groan from behind the wall. His voice was deep.
I could hear Dave telling me to enjoy it, just have fun.
I wanted to play with him. Feel him surge in my hands. I started pumping his cock, feeling his hardness. He was warm in my hands and his skin felt so soft. I squeezed him and slid my fist down his shaft. I heard him grunt and watched as he came onto my lower skirt and blouse I was wearing. My god I'd only spent 30 seconds at most, and he just came three long spurts all over me. That was insane. He slowly withdrew back out the hole in the wall. It was hot, but I wanted more.
I looked to the other side and Dave had already made the gesture that I wanted some cock. Suddenly like before a cock emerged. The cock was thick and veiny. I wrapped it in my hands and heard the appreciative sigh behind the wall. I decided to go for it. I dropped to my knees and took his cock into my mouth. It was strangely exhilarating not knowing who I was pleasuring but knowing they were enjoying me.
I sucked his head and stretched my cheeks with the girth of his cock, loving how solid he felt. Slapping his dick on my tongue only ratcheted up my excitement. He felt good in my mouth, but I was curious about the other cock that suddenly appeared behind me out the initial hole. I scooted over to taste him too, but I was able to keep my hand on the thick monster of the second hole. My third cock to enjoy was longer but not as wide as the hung meat still in my right hand. He slid into my mouth easily, already slick with precum. I took him deep into my mouth. I wanted to gag on his cock. Feel his stiffness poke my throat. I wound my neck rolling his cock in my mouth. As I slid back off, I lightly dragged my teeth along his shaft.
I moved back to the thick cock and renewed my efforts but continued stroking the long cock with my left hand. I had to widen my jaw to really take him in. My tongue couldn't get enough of the feel of his head. I nibbled along his ridge and heard something hit the wall. I pumped his cock with both hands until he came on my cheek and chin. He groaned as he slipped out of the hole. I heard his quiet "Thanks honey" as he disappeared.
Off I went back to my long man. He'd been so patient but seemed happy with my partial stroking. I licked my hands and went to work. Holding his head in my mouth I stroked his shaft with both hands. I sucked him and stroked him until I felt him pulse in my mouth. I swallowed what he gave me smacking my lips as he pulled out.
I looked back at Dave and his mouth was open in amazement. Cum was all over me from the first two guys and I was just swallowing the last of "long cock's" cum, he had so much to give me.
"Damn girl, we need to show you the theater unless you want to stay here and drain every guy?" Dave chuckled.
I told him I'd love to see the theater and as any apprehension of the place was now gone and I was in complete slut exhilaration that I feel so often and am addicted to.
We exited the booth, and I could tell the guys waiting to get in were disappointed. In fact, as I was standing two more cocks, one on each side appeared. I gave them each a tug and told them I was headed to the theater.
We negotiated the halls and went to the Straight theater. All three theaters were essentially in the same room, but they were divided into three distinct areas. I just followed Dave. As soon as we walked in Dave somewhat loudly announced this was my first visit to the theater and to make sure everybody asked permission before doing anything. The theater was the size of a classroom with plastic chairs setup around the room. There were two LCDs on the wall showing different pornos. In the back of the room were some benches. They reminded me of diner benches that were padded with a naugahyde surface for easy cleaning. Dave took me back to them. There were a couple guys sitting there but as soon as Dave arrived, he set up a chain around the area telling me when couples show up, they can sit here without being bothered.
We sat down in the chair, and I could see guys starting to flow into the theater. Likely the same guys from the cars in the parking lot. A lot of them grabbed plastic chairs and sat at the edge of the chain to watch us and the porn on the TVs. That was a bit surreal but also hot.
To break the tension, I immediately started making out with Dave. I was rubbing his cock through his pants, and I told him he should take off my panties. I stood up and Dave reached up under my skirt and pulled down my panties. I then sat back down spreading my legs wide to expose my now very swollen, meaty cunt. Dave immediately started feeling it and mentioning how wet I was and how amazing my pussy felt. I could feel him pulling on my pussy lips and stretching them as he'd then slid a finger or two into me fucking me.
We started to kiss, and Dave undid my blouse and started fondling my breasts. A scene came on the TV near us with two models who had a male model tied up. One started sucking his cock while the other blind folded him. Then they took turns sucking his cock while he was standing up before one of the girls stood up and bent over as the other girl slid his cock in her pussy and started licking her clit. Dave could tell this excited me, and he started finger fucking me even harder. I loved it so much that he started playing with my pussy and rubbing my clit. Dave noticed I had shaved myself completely bald down there. I was soaking wet. In the meantime, I undid Dave's pants and started stroking his cock. I was soon leaning over and taking Dave's lovely uncut cock in my mouth as he continued to finger fuck my pussy. I couldn't take it any longer seeing all the guys around us jerking to us that I started to spasm with orgasm. It was amazing and Dave sensed I was about to cum and started fucking me with two then three fingers as hard as I could imagine. My pussy went wild and literally started squirting like a volcano going off. I couldn't suck his cock anymore and just bucked and screamed through the waves of adrenaline that I crave ripping through my body.
Once I came back to earth Dave asked me, "Do you want to sit out there with the guys?"
"Fuck yes!" I replied.
First Dave took off my blouse and bra but pulled my skirt back down. Now pantiless and topless we walked out of the couple's area, down to the plastic chair area with the guys. There were a lot of smiles as we sat down. Dave reminded them that they still needed to ask before doing anything. I could see nods all around. There must have been 15 - 20 guys in the theater at this point.
Dave sat down and asked if I'd sit on his lap again like in the booth. I was honestly comforted by this move and immediately sat on his lap. We sat there watching the movie for a while and the guys around us, while they watched us and stroked their cocks, sat their very calmly. It was a bit weird and again I was glad I was there with Dave. I could feel Dave begin to get an erection again as he was squeezing my right breast with his right hand and pinching my thick nipple. I moved my left leg up onto the seat in front of me that a guy was already sitting in. I didn't figure he'd mind. I wiggled my bottom a bit, sliding out slightly on Dave's lap, but keeping my pussy still well covered with my skirt. I had begun looking around at the guys in the theater as I reached down, pulled up my skirt and started playing with my now completely swollen pussy.
Dave began rolling my nipple between his thumb and finger, I reached around with my right hand and pulled his face in for a kiss. I felt his warm tongue slip into my mouth as my hand then found its way to his crotch squeezing and stroking his growing erection.
While my tits aren't large, a B-cup that have begun to show the effects of gravity, I still think they are nice and shapely. My nipples, dark pinkish brown, with areolas bigger around than a silver dollar had gotten hard and knotty and my nipples, bigger around than the width of a guy's middle finger, were standing at full attention almost 1/2 an inch long. I reached up with both hands rolling my swollen, hard nipples between my fingers and thumbs smiling wildly and looked directly into the faces of the other guys in the theater. I then reached between my legs with my right hand, spread my meaty outer lips with my fingers and began to rub my swollen clit. I bit my lower lip and moaned for a second briefly closing my eyes then opened them back up. The guy closest to us, but with the least advantageous view, stood up, walked over to the chair across from us and sat down next to the guy already there.
"Do you guys like what you see?" I think I shocked them as I began speaking to the strangers in the room. They had begun to nod their heads when I added in a voice that could best be described as a purr, "Well, let me see what you guys have."
Three of them, closest to me, stood up almost in unison and revealed for me their stiff erections that they had been working on for a while now. I then braced myself against Dave and he helped pull my legs back spreading my legs wide for the guys, who were now maybe just 2 or 3 feet away, giving them a full view of my pussy. I placed the forefinger of my right hand on my clit rubbing it in small circles while my massive inner lips glistened with excitement and quivered in rhythm. Dave could feel my legs shaking a bit as I began to move my hips up and down and the guys could see that my vaginal opening was pulsing in pre-orgasmic bliss. I let out a moan and then looked up over at the guys with a pure come fuck me look.
"What are you waiting for?" I asked wildly looking deep into their eyes.
"Take off your pants so I can suck you guys." I breathed.
I could feel Dave push me up to a standing position. He stood up and undid his pants, pulled them down and sat back down facing the others as I slipped my skirt off. I was now standing there completely naked except for some sandals I had on. I reached over with my right hand, still wet from rubbing my soppy wet cunt and began to stroke Dave's rock-hard cock before grabbing the base, bending down, and slipping it into my warm wet mouth. As I was sucking it, I was sticking my ass up toward the guys standing by with their hard cocks in their hands. All eyes were locked on me as I slid my hand between my legs and began to pump two fingers in and out of my pussy while gobbling Dave's erection, who was moaning fairly loudly now.
"I'd love for you guys to rub my ass?"
Immediately I could feel them rubbing and exploring my ass and asshole. I reached my hand between my legs to rub and shield my pussy from their prying fingers. The guys to my left and right were stroking their cocks with one hand while squeezing my ass cheeks with the other while the guy in the middle was rubbing it with both hands, and I felt him trying to work his fingers in to my holes, my hand trying to fend him off but why I figured. I gave in and dropped my hand letting him penetrate her beefy cunt with one, then two then three fingers, pumping furiously away causing me to moan in pleasure. Fuck it felt so good to be such a raw slut. The guy to my left began to rub a finger around my asshole then moved in closer rubbing his cock against my naked thigh and ass.
I needed something more and different, so I straightened and stood up straddled Dave and grabbed his cock and looked deep into his eyes, my face wild with excitement, I'm sure.
"I need you to fuck me now." I moaned as I climbed onto top of Dave, lifting my knees wide to my sides, then guiding his throbbing erection into my hot waiting pussy that had just moments before been penetrated by the fingers of another a foot away from me. Dave's cock felt hot and wet as he slipped into me and I let out a moan as he thrust excitedly into me, penetrating me fully. Dave began to lean forward and down on top of me, but I pushed my chest back up, thrusting up my hips and rotating them to my right, giving our audience a full view of our fucking. It made me so excited to know Dave was getting pleasure not only from his penetrating cock, but from being watched by these other men that probably see him stroking mostly when he's normally there. It was all Dave could take and I could feel his cock hardening up inside of me, then pumping his pent-up load deep into my pussy.
"Oh yes, fill me up baby." I breathed as he pumped what must have been the biggest load, I'd felt pump inside me for quite a while. I pulled off of Dave as hot thick white cum spilled out of my hole. The guy in the middle who had been fingering me pushed my knee over and bent forward toward my pussy, before looking up at me and asking, "Can I eat your sloppy cunt?" I looked at him and smiled and said, "Yes" as he dove in and began to suck at my pussy first locking his lips around my fat cunt lips and then drinking in our combined juices of Dave and me. He then licked furiously at my dripping inner lips and clit.
"Oh yes, lick it baby! Eat my creamy, cum filled pussy." I moaned as I grabbed Dave's soggy cock and started to stroke it again. The guy to my right had his erection in his hand as he moved forward and started to rub it on to my leg. The man between my legs kept licking me and slid three, then four fingers into my wide open slit as he tongued my clit and pumped at my gaping hole, knuckles deep with his hand.
"Oh baby, get it hard again so you can fuck me some more." I said looking up at Dave. "I need to get fucked some more."
"I don't know how soon I can, Jen." Dave said. "I'm pretty drained."
"Fuck I want some more!" I pleaded.
The guy on my right reached into his pocket and pulled out a condom, holding it up.
"If I wear this, can I fuck you?" He asked me.
I looked at him with the look of a needy slut on my face, "Fuck yes!"
I pushed the man eating me out away from me and stood up. I grabbed the hard cock of the guy with the condoms and slowly and gently walked him back to the comfort of the couple's area with the softer bench. I sat down on the end of the bench spreading my wet throbbing pussy wide, as my next lover slipped on his condom and rolled it down the base of his cock. He moved around between my legs and dropped to his knees and began to rub the head of his cock against my dripping slit. He was probably a full inch longer than Dave, and slightly thicker around the shaft but with a smaller head. I reached down and stroked his cock for a second or two before guiding it into my waiting hole. He slid in a few inches, moistening his condom clad shaft, pulled out a bit, slid back a little more as I moaned in pleasure, and pulled back again some before thrusting the entire length of his hard cock deep into my waiting hungry hole.
"Oh my God." I moaned, pulling my knees back further, and dropping my head back against the padded bench. He began thrusting furiously at me while other guys came over and began to grope at my tits. I thought he was going to hurt me as he began to fuck so fast, furious, and deep but I just took it moaning, "Fuck me yeah, fuck that pussy deep and hard." I was taking a fucking like I was being raped in prison, for that matter, this guy was going at it using my hole for his pleasure and I was not only taking it but loving every minute of it as he kept at it, pounding my pussy with all he had.
The guys at my tits now had one in each hand squeezing and kneading them while occasionally leaning over and sucking on one nipple, then the other. I didn't notice one of the tit guys move next to me up on his knees and leaned over to put his cock in my mouth. There wasn't much I do to stop it and I began sucking at it with wild abandon, caressing his balls with my hand. I realized with my other hand I could stroke the cock of the guy of the other guy sucking my tits.
The guy fucking me finally began to slow down so I reached down with both hands and pulled him deep inside of me and I could tell he was about to cum. He threw his head back and let out a long slow moan as he pumped his seed into the condom (I think!) while still buried balls deep in my pussy. He pulled back, stood up and pulled off the thankfully full condom as I sat up and reached out and took the condom, then sat back and dumped it out all over my chest, while the guy who had been rubbing my tits, began to spread it all over them while sucking and licking it off. That was just so insane to see.
Meanwhile the guy who had been getting a blowjob now had a condom out and was putting it on his hard cock as he moved between my spread messy legs and pulled my hips back to the end of the bench. I looked at him like, "What are you doing." And he asked, "Is it ok?"
"Yes, but I want it doggy!"
I rolled over on the bench and stuck my wrecked pussy up to him. I reached back stroking his cock and rubbing it against my wet slit before guiding into me and backing on to it with a moan. Dave later told me the guy was pimply faced and young, he couldn't be more than 20. That said he pumped away at my horny hole while I grabbed another guy's cock and began to lick it up and down. This guy's cock, while not quite as long as Dave's was thick, almost as big around as a soda can. I opened my mouth wide, almost gagging as I took his thick rod in to my mouth,
The fucking and sucking went on for about another hour before I literally started having leg cramps from fucking so much and being so exhausted. I'll also admit there were a couple broken condoms and my pussy is still a complete wreck over 48 hours later while I write this.
Dave and I promised to stay in touch and my husband was shocked to see how I returned home from work Friday night. He's such a good cuckold and I love being a hotwife slut for him and my own sanity.
Kisses, jen