This story is the third part of a series. Any correlation with real people alive or dead is purely happenstance. It would be more enjoyable to start with the first part. In any case, I hope you enjoy this part as well.
********************************
The next day Randal and Suki drove the Porche on the way to the bachelorette party. Randal was nude as required by Suki whenever they took the 911. Randal was delightedly nervous having his physical wares in full display on such a sunny California evening. Several women noticed his naked aroused state during the short seventeen-minute ride, but this happened without authority involved incident. Only lewd smiles as Randal's nudity seemed to bring the SUV driving female community wicked joy. His sizeable erect member regularly inspired positive reactions from modern females. But in this age of cell phones, one prude could put Randal into a real pickle. A simple call could have his exposed cucumber locked in a barrel.
"It is a lovely day, should I lower the top?" Suki asked, teasing Randal, although she knew they were almost pulling up to the destination, and he was soon to be nude outside the car.
"Please don't there are a lot of people about," Randal pleaded.
"You are not any fun," Suki quipped as they pulled up in front of the address.
Randal's heart began to race as he realized Suki had no intention of returning his clothes for the unknown walk to the door.He wondered how deep in the condominium complex Carla's home was.
"Get out my timid exhibitionist," Suki said jokingly.
Randal and Suki walked quickly to the entrance of the condominium as she intermittently smacked his bare ass. The sound of the blows echoed off the exterior condominium walls. One 50 something female neighbor peered out her window, and Randal felt based entirely on her appearance, he would get arrested for sure. The woman smiled and waved to Suki. Suki laughed, and Randal's heart started again. His eyes were frantically searching for the number 46 as it was the address of Carla's place.
He finally saw her number above the entrance, and Randal rushed to the front door, hoping not to get arrested in the posh neighborhood. They met Christina and Terrence already at Carla Ruiz's townhouse and assembled on Carla's porch. The community was quiet, and the luxury townhouse was well back from the street. On this Saturday, most of the young residents of the complex were out enjoying California leisure activities, Randal having no knowledge of this, was worried feeling exposed on the porch waiting for his inevitable arrest.
Terrence also was nude already. Terrence held a suitcase filled with costumes and props in front of him in an attempt to hide his forced nudity. His rump still exposed; Terrence had a tattoo of a multi-colored butterfly on his ass. A souvenir from passing out at a frat party in his youth. It looked ridiculous, and Randal was thankful he had never pledged himself. The frat brothers did it out of jealousy for Terrence's massive endowment.What a shitty thing to do to your brother, no thanks, Randal thought.
Christina had made Terrence travel naked on the hour-long ride from Vacaville to Sausalito. His longer ride was terror riddled as Terrence was sure of his imminent arrest on several occasions. When a highway patrol car left the CHP scales right beside their car, he panicked, but the female officer was preoccupied with a truck violation. Terrence was not as accustomed to the forced public nudity as Randal. He was going to have to get used to it, though as Suki and Christina inspired each other. They enjoyed tormenting their men and describing the events later to their new perverse friend on giggle-filled phone conversations. They each tried to gain an advantage over the other at their mate's expense. Suki pressed the button, and the doorbell rang.
"Hello Suki, I am glad you made it," Carla said, her eyes opening wide as she noticed the two exposed men.
"We brought two strippers, I hope that is okay," Suki said.
"Sure, that is even better. You are a lifesaver. The other one canceled as I said yesterday, Seems the stripper's boyfriend became irked as he had sex with a female client last weekend. I bet he is reconsidering his lifestyle," Carla said.
"I bet, what man could use men exclusively after having pussy," Terrence said.
"Shut up, Terrence," Christina said.
"I think he is right," Irene said.
"This is Irene, and I am Carla. Irene, this is Suki," Carla said.
"We will give you the two for one deal of a lifetime. I am Christina, and this is Terrence," Christina said.
"Hello, Christina, nice to meet you. You made them both ride here naked?" Irene asked.
"Of course, and you know they love it, secretly," Suki said.
The two wily friends laughed roughly. Randal and Terrence's flesh turned red, and they looked down at the floor. Both Randal and Terrence wore only masks to conceal their identity. Their cocks stood proudly hard before them. Carla, Irene, and two of her other friends were setting up the Bachelorette party. The decorations were the silly uninspired penis-related josh fare typical of such events; there were strawberry margaritas with penis straws and the whole bit.
Carla's friends helping to set up were teachers as well. They all worked at Dyson elementary school, the school that Randal's two boys attended. It was clear that the teacher's propensity for doing things in a committee was in full force. The teachers approached this like any school event, with comradery and purpose. Irene told the others what to do; she had self-assumed command. Irene Meyers, a fourth-grade teacher, was around thirty-five and thin. Irene had a sultry voice, the kind of sound that causes a man's balls to react just hearing it. She could really cash in on the phone sex market if that even still exists. Her body was lean and fit with small pointed breasts. Her nipples were hard, made evident by her lack of a bra. She wore a summer dress and thigh-high stockings, which the tops showed whenever she bent over. She was a different sexy from Suki, but still very desirable.
I would let her do me if Suki allowed me, Randal thought.
Irene looked longingly at Randal's hard cock. She would love to try it out sometime as well.
"We both know who you are, Mr. Lewis. You might as well just lose the masks," Irene said.
Another teacher was Amanda Riggs. Amanda was a first-grade teacher right out of college and could not have been more than 24 years old. Amanda's face was lovely, with intriguing blue eyes that lit up the entire room. Her dark hair had a red streak dyed into the bangs. Amanda's crisp white shirt concealed a heavy rack only righted by her straining bra. Her bottom was slightly big, but not fat. She looked and acted super cute with a sparkling personality. She would help someone make a good life for themselves if they linked up with her.
"Your secret is safe with us," Amanda said as she swatted Randal's ass.
Randal removed the mask as Amanda groped his cock. Finally, the third teacher was Daniele, a half Korean woman aged thirty. Daniele was five-feet-eight inches tall and every bit as sexy as Suki.
"Nice and stiff just like I like them," Amanda said with a chuckle.
Daniele reached out to check Randal's hard-on as well. Daniele smiled and shook her head in agreement. Carla not to be left out grasped Terrence's rod.
"The guests are mostly teachers, and errant social media is an excellent way to be fired. There will be no videos tonight," Carla said as she stroked Terrence.
Randal sighed with relief. He could not afford his reputation to take an enormous hit like that. Investing is a rumor fueled endeavor as it is. Even in wild California, such a revelation would be career-ending. Daniele stroked Randal as Amanda squeezed Randal's balls.
"His balls are full, when is the last time you climaxed," Amanda asked.
"Yesterday, but Randal is very fertile," Suki said.
Amanda licked her lips.Daniele thought fertile, just what I need.
"When do you want the show?" Suki asked.
"We will play a few drinking games, and then they can come out to perform," Carla said.
"We need a room for the men to hang out in until it is time," Christina said, laughing at her accidental pun.
"They can use the guest suite," Carla said.
"The first number uses this track for music. The second uses this song," Suki said, sending the two links to Carla.
"The bride is due any moment, you should go into the suite," Amanda said as she read a text.
The two accompanying women and two entertainers went into the guest suite. Christina made up the night's elaborate routines, and the men had to be quick studies to learn them.
"Wait till you see the first costume, Suki," Christina said.
Christina bossily had the men try on the clasp on G-string briefs. The unusual garments had sword-shaped sheaths for their cocks. A distinct color cape for each of them, a backless waistcoat, a mask, buckle toe leather boots, and Musketeer hat complete with a feather plume sexily finished their wardrobe. Christina asked the two men to try to sword fight with their cloth-covered cocks. It did not work well, but it would be interesting visually for the party.
Along with the margaritas, the women at the party had been playing tequila shot related games and were mostly feeling no pain. The music started, and Terrence and Randal bump and grind danced into the room. The applause was deafening, and Randal hoped the townhouse walls were insulated or the police might get summoned.
San Francisco Investment executive arrested stripping at a party without a license Randal imagined.
They first did their cock-sword fight to more raucous applause and laughter, and then they began to strip. Randal took off the hat, first throwing it into the audience of teachers. Six more teachers were there. All three first-grade teachers were there. It was certain his youngest boy would have one of the teachers in the next term. The total was ten teachers and a principal, and the following school year could prove to be the most awkward one ever.
"Take it all off," the girls chanted.
One woman, Randal, did not know used her finger to catcall whistle. Randal did not know them all, but his oldest son Hunter's teacher from the previous year, Miss Ridell, was among them. Miss Ridell was another hot young under thirty-year-old number from Dyson elementary school. She had a Rocking hard body, and she was wearing a leather bustier that struggled to contain her large fleshly globes and leather pants. The bride wearing a bachelorette party veil was named Charmain. Charmain, the school resource teacher, was sex personified as well. She wore a black velvety thin, strapped top and black slacks. Then Randal removed his cape and looked to Terrence as a challenge.
"Strip you sexy thing," Principal Gwyneth said her words only slightly slurred from alcohol.
Principal Gwyneth was fifty-ish and never had said anything but 'hello' to Randal in three years. Gwyneth's face was just beginning to wrinkle, and she too could still have been someone's trophy wife. Gwyneth, tonight, dressed casually for her yet as always quite impressively attired in a white top and white slacks. Her makeup artfully done as always. Every woman in the room was beautiful in their unique way. Terrence removed the cape with his Christina coached bump, and grind adaptation. He looked back at Randal.
Randal removed the waistcoat, moving with the sultry music. He looked to Terrence and Terrence removed his vest.
"Show us your cock Randal," Irene screamed.
Randal slowly revealed his cock, while suggestively lowering the novelty underwear off his hips. His long hard cock burst into view to the loud cheers of the women. He rotated his hips suggestively. Randal undid the clasp, and the briefs fell off; Randal felt incredibly turned on by stripping for so many hot females. The fixated lust revealing eyes thrilled him.
"Show us yours now, Terrence," Carla demanded, almost falling over in her drunken exuberance.
Terrence removed his briefs just as sensually as Randal had.
When Irene saw Terrence's ass, she screamed, "what a gay ass tattoo." Alcohol had long since removed any filters from her expression. Terrence turned red with embarrassment.
"I think it is cute," Amanda slurred.
Randal shoved his hard member into the bride's face and slowly teased her with it. Once Terrence was nude, the women seeing the size of his cock forgot all about the silly tattoo.
"His dick is huge," Carla gasped.
Terrence stood proudly next to Randal and offered his cock to her in the same manner; the only thing they still wore were the boots. Charmain grabbed both members, one in each hand, and slowly began to tug.
"Jerk those big cocks good, honey. You won't be able to do this after tomorrow," Carla said as the wedding was on Sunday.
"I want to see another sword fight," Charmain said.
The two men sensuously rubbed their cocks against one another. This act felt weird, even for Terrence and Randal. Randal would have found this disgusting, but the audience's reaction justified it in Randal's mind; he loved to excite women.
"Fuck, that is so hot," Irene said.
Charmain separated the two meat poles by pulling them back towards her. Then she put the soft tips together again. She divided the schlongs once more as her amazing eyes looked upon the cocks.
"Ronald's is not as big as either of these, but he has a very long tongue," Charmain jested.
"Taste them, honey," Principal Gwyneth said as she giggled.
"No, that would be taking things to far," Charmain said.
"Go ahead, honey, no one will say anything. Huge cocks like this don't show up every day," Principal Gwyneth said, showing a nastier side to her than her professional administrative persona.
Charmain took her tongue and barely licked Randal's urethra, and then she did the same to Terrence. The audience gasped.
"Suck it, Suck it," Several women chanted.
The bride took Terrence's cock into her mouth. Steffani, the bridesmaid, and one of the first-grade teachers turned Randal and put her mouth over his cock. Steffani's lean yet shapely body dressed in a thin transparent blouse, no bra, and a tiny light skirt. Randal could see her erect nipple nubs through the cloth.
"Race to see who can make them spray first," Carla slurred.
"Do it," Irene encouraged.
The two women began deep throating the large cocks, each trying to out-do the other. Randal moaned as the hot young Steffani sucked him. Charmain caused Terrence to tremble; her tongue was incredibly talented.
"I am still single, and I am going to finish him with my pussy," Steffani said.
Steffani pushed Randal onto his back and lifted her skirt to reveal she was not wearing panties either. Steffani had come without underwear; she must have foreseen the possibility of sexual activity. She lowered herself onto Randal's hard cock. Steffani let out an uncontrolled gasp as she lowered herself unto the long thick shaft.
"Take it all, Steffani," Carla said.
"Oh, it is so big," Steffani gushed as the breadth of it entered her.
Charmain, very drunk, was not to be out-done. She pushed Terrence onto his back, and she removed her black slacks and panties to lower herself onto Terrence's stiff pole. She, too, uttered her incoherent pleasure as her moist split engulfed Terrence's obelisk. The two horny young women rode in unison, timing their thrusts.
"Ride them, cowgirls, fuck them hard," an unknown drunken female voice exhorted.
Suki and Christina looked at one another and smiled.
"This has gotten out of hand," Suki whispered.
"I know, isn't it great," Christina whispered back.
"I guess the second song is not necessary," Suki giggled.
"Too bad, I liked the second costumes even better," Christina said.
Christina stopped Charmain and Steffani in turn only to whisper in their ear. They resumed fucking right after. Charmain screamed as she had her first orgasm of the night. Soon Terrence shot his load into the bride to be. She climbed off Terrence's cock and lowered her semen filled pussy onto his face.
"Christina says you are to clean up your mess," Charmain said.
Steffani climaxed, and her pussy contracted on Randal's shaft, causing Randal to shoot his wad next. Steffani climbed onto his face, and he licked his mess out of her. The ten women being still in the audience all looked on in envious lust. Randal brought the bridesmaid off with his talented cleaning tongue first. Terrence satisfied the bride with his tongue as well.
"That was hot. I want a man like them," Irene said.
"These two belong to us, but we don't mind loaning them out now and again," Christina said.
The men stayed naked during the cake, and the women let their hands freely take liberties. Terrence and Randal's cocks remained hard all night. They were in exhibitionist heaven. The party wrapped up, and Carla paid the men. Suki took the money.
"Donate it to the PTA," Suki said.
Randal was not happy about the payment; it made him feel like a whore. He only felt a little better now that it was going to charity. Randal felt cheap. Suki was aware of his thoughts.
"A good obedient slut is worth his price," Suki whispered in his ear. Randal felt even worse about the payment as Suki smiled. She enjoyed his anguish but knew full well he was genuinely enjoying the night.Men think with their dick, don't they? Suki thought.
"I hope Ronald never finds out about this," Charmain said.
"Honey, he did fuck that hooker last Saturday at his in Vegas," Irene said.
"That dumb ass let his friends' video it and post it," Steffani said.
"I know, but men have different standards for us," Charmain said as the effects of alcohol wore off.
"His cock is small, honey, you could do better," Irene said.
"I love him," Charmain replied.
"He won't find out. We all swore an oath of secrecy," Carla said.
"Everyone loves you; don't worry, they will honor it," Irene said.
"Come on; you know Ronald never stretched you like that. Let us get your drunken ass home. Goodbye, everyone," Steffani said.
Charmain still seemed worried and guilty for the night's indulgences.
"Cheer up, girl, nine-inch cocks don't come along every day," Irene said.
"I cannot wait to have Mateo in my class. He is cute," Steffani said.
Steffani looked longingly at Randal's still hard ten-inch cock before she left to take Charmain home.
"That was great," Carla exclaimed.
Charmain and Steffanie said their goodbyes and left.
"Alright, Irene, you can fuck Randal if you want," Suki said.
Irene did not need to be told twice; she tackled Randal. She, too, was nude under her skirt. She pushed him flat on the coffee table. Irene climbed onto Randal's hard cock.
"God, it is so big," Irene said as her sexy voice almost made Randal cum instantly.
Carla looked at Terrence and then earnestly at Christina.
"Be my guest," Christina said.
Carla stripped and pushed Terrence on his back on the couch. She too lowered her pussy on a hard shaft. The two violently fucked the studs with reckless abandon. They each cried out in agonized pleasure as their nervous systems experienced an internal lightning storm. When the men climaxed also, the two women lowered their semen laden pussies onto the men's mouths. They lapped up the liquid and brought the two women to another rapid climax.
"If I had known about this, I would not have divorced my husband," Irene said.
"Manuel has some learning to do," Carla said, laughing.
"Do you think you can rehabilitate him?" Irene asked.
"He wants to be tied up, so now he will get a creamy surprise after I do tie him up," Carla said, chuckling.
Christina reached into the suitcase and retrieved a pair of handcuffs.
"Here, give them back to Suki when you finish with them," Christina said as she handed the cuffs to Carla. Carla took them as she smiled wickedly.
When they finally left, Randal was still quite worked up, and he wore Suki out when they got home. Suki was slightly jealous before he attacked her, though it was her fault he had slept with Steffani and Irene. Suki climaxed, thinking of the other women impaled on Randal's cock. Even though seeing him fuck other women excited her, she was concluding that she wanted to keep Randal's cock more to herself, in any case, at least try to limit her sharing to just family in the future.
Sunday morning, Suki's cell phone rang.
"Hello, Yuki," Suki said.
"You showed Carl the video?" Suki asked as she put the phone on speaker.
"It turned him on?" Suki asked in disbelief.
"He wants to come to dinner and afterward watch Randal fuck us?" Yuki asked.
"I have some conditions. Carl has to fuck Mother and lick his cum out of her."
"Carl is okay with that?" Yuki said a moment later.
"He has to lick us clean after Randal fills us?" Suki said.
A slight delay before Yuki answered.
"Carl will do that too," Yuki said.
"He has to suck Randal hard for us," Suki said. Now she is stretching Randal thought.
"He agrees to that too," Yuki said, giggling.
"I knew he was a Cuck," Suki said.
Yuki just laughed, for an answer.
"Come for dinner tonight," Suki said.
After she hung up, Randal said, "I do not want Carl sucking me."
"Okay, we will see how it goes without that," Suki said.
Later that day, Carla texted Suki.
"Manuel is a good cunt cleaner. I think I will keep him," Carla texted. Manuel lay restrained while she texted.
"Way to go, that is why he wanted to be tied up I guarantee it," Suki texted back.
"I love making him do what I demand," Carla texted.
"You should keep him naked. He will love it," Suki said.
"I will try it after Charmain's wedding," Carla texted.
That evening Yuki and Carl pulled up in their original model Hummer. Suki, wearing a Kimono, was waiting for them by the front window. Yoko was cooking dinner. She was preparing Salmon Ochazuke, Spinach Ohitsha, Chicken Curry, a Japanese salad, and rice. Carl and Yuki, not wearing a Kimono, put the guest slippers on and entered. Yuki went into the bedroom and came out wearing one of Suki's Kimonos. Yuki knew this would please her Mother.
"Time to eat," Yoko, said wearing a Kimono.
"I am hungry, O Bachan, 'Grandmother in Japanese,'" Miko said, looking darling in her small Kimono.
Little Yoko was wearing Kimono as well. O Bachan had sent away to Japan for traditional attire for Hunter and Mateo, it had yet to arrive. O Bachan had a massive heart and embraced the two boys as her grandchildren already.
"It looks fantastic, Mom," Yuki said.
Randal and the boys came to dinner dressed in western clothes. Everyone sat on mats at Yoko's traditional Japanese table. Yoko bowed and poured the tea. Everyone at the table returned honor to Grandmother Yoko; they too bowed their heads. Unlike in America, Asian culture respects older generations. They all ate the meal very politely. It seemed very formal eating like that. Carl and Randal though not Asian, could eat with chopsticks. Dinner was over, and everyone went to the living room. The fog was in, so it was too cold to swim.
Yoko brought out a Japanese board game. It was Machi Koro. They took turns playing because only four players could play at a time. It was fun, and they played the game until the kids' bedtime. Yoko put the girls to bed. Randal put the boys to bed.
When Randal returned to the living room, Carl received a phone call.
"Hello, okay, I will be back as soon as I can get there," Carl said.
"I have to go there is an emergency at the winery," Carl said.
Carl left, but Yuki stayed. Yoko returned from the girl's room.
"Now we can play the real games," Yuki said.
"What do you want to play?" Suki asked.
"We will tie Randal up naked and blindfolded. Then he will have to guess who it is sucking his cock," Yuki said.
"What are the stakes?" Yoko asked.
"If he gets it wrong, he gets the penalty of whoever fooled him," Yuki said.
"What if he gets it, right?" Suki asked.
"Then he gets to fulfill a fantasy with the person he guessed. Whatever he wants," Yuki said.
The three women tied Randal to the bed and blindfolded him. Minutes later, Randal felt lips sucking his cock, but he had no idea who's lips it was.
"Does it feel good?" Yuki asked.
Randal was getting hard.
"Yes, it does," Randal said.
"Who do you guess?" Yuki asked.
Well, that eliminated Yuki as the person sucking did not stop as Yuki spoke.
"Hurry up and guess," Suki said. It was not Suki.
"Yoko is sucking me," Randal said confidently.
"Wrong," Yoko said, laughing.
They pulled the blindfold off. Randal's eyes adjusted to the light to find Carl sucking his cock as he suddenly understood the phone call was a ruse. Randal tried to pull his cock out of Carl's mouth.
"You said it felt good," Suki laughed.
"Enough of that now, it is time to ride that cock. Thanks for getting it hard for me, honey," Yuki said, chuckling.
Yuki climbed onto Randal. Randal's large cock parted Yuki's pussy lips.
"You are stretching it," Carl said.
"My dildo is the same size, dear," Yuki said, amused by his distress.
Yuki gradually worked herself on Randal's cock. Yoko pushed Carl onto his back.
"You can fuck and watch at the same time," Yoko said as she climbed on Carl's hard seven inches.
Suki climbed on my face. I licked her pussy. Carl, over-excited by the sight of Yuki on Randal's monster, came first. Yoko pinned his head between her spread legs.
"Clean up your mess cleanup boy," Yoko said.
Carl licked his cum out of his mother-in-law. He was happy to do it. Yuki climaxed with a light scream, and Randal shot his cum into Yuki. Yoko climaxed on Carl's tongue. Carl had finished licking up his mess inside Yoko and then knew he was to clean Randal's mess from Yuki. Carl dreaded yet secretly longed to do something so taboo. If he did not have the excuse of the women demanding it of him, he could never do such a naughty act.
"Put the blindfold back on Randal," Suki said.
"No, you will have Carl suck me again," Randal complained.
"Shut up; you are still tied up, Randal. Carl, I want you to suck him hard for Suki," Yuki said.
"Make him watch Carl suck him then," Suki said, giggling.
"That is the penalty Carl wants. He wants to have Randal watch as Carl worships his cock," Yuki said.
Carl began to protest, but Yuki grabbed his balls, ensuring he forfeited any wish of his own to Yuki.Randal would never know what penalty Carl would have required of him.
They did not put the blindfold onto Randal, and Carl sucked Randal, and Randal was soon hard despite his protest. Carl looked lovingly into Randal's eyes as he sucked as Yuki fingered Carl's ass. Carl moaned compliantly as his wife ruled over his sexuality. Carl enjoyed pleasing Yuki as much as pleasing himself. Yuki knew it; she understood her husband better than he knew himself.
"I think you both doth protest too much. Get out of the way, Carl," Suki said.
"Imagine this finger is Randal's huge cock, dear," Yuki said. Carl's cock twitched at the suggestion.
Yuki removed her finger from Carl's ass and forced it into Carl's mouth. Suki climbed on Randal. When Yuki's finger was clean, she pulled it out of Carl's mouth.
"Clean me out the rest of the way, Carl," Yuki said.
Carl obediently licked the remnants of Randal's cum out of his wife. Carl was rock hard by the time he finished. Suki came, and so did Randal. Suki had Carl lick out her pussy, and when he finished, she let Carl fuck her, as was the deal. Yoko let Randal relieve himself into a hospital piss pitcher. Yoko was kind to do that, as he was about to piss the bed. Yoko then sucked Randal hard for herself. She climbed on, and Yuki climbed onto Carl's face.
"Lick me again, Carl,"
Carl licked his wife once more.
"Happy Birthday Carl," Yuki said.
"It is not his birthday till tomorrow," Suki said.
"It is close enough," Yuki said.
Every one of them soon climaxed again, and Yuki whispered in Suki's ear. Suki went for a game spinner from a board game in the game cabinet. They untied Randal and let him stretch for a minute.
"This game goes like this. We spin the spinner, and whoever it lands on has to take Randal up their ass," Yuki said.
"Who wants to play?" Yuki asked.
"I am in," Suki said.
"I am in," Yuki said.
"I am in," Yoko said.
"I am in," Carl said.
"You will take Randal's huge cock up your ass, Carl?" Yuki said with a raised eyebrow.
"If it lands on me, but if it does not, I get to spin again and take that person in their ass. I like my odds," Carl said.
"I don't like the odds," Randal said.
"Shut up, slave boy," Suki said.
"We agree to those terms, Carl," Yuki said.
Yuki spun the spinner hard; it went around several times. It pointed towards Yoko. Yoko pulled Randal into the bathroom.
"We need to be clean for this slave boy," Yoko said.
Yoko filled the tub.
The second time the spinner landed on Yuki. Soon all five adults were in the tub; it was a big tub, but very crowded. Randal and Carl used a washcloth to wash out their prospective anal partner's ass. Suki went for some sex lube. Yoko and Yuki bent over the edge of the tub. Randal worked his long hard cock slowly up his Mother in law's ass. She cooed as it entered. It was clear she had enjoyed such a violation before. Randal was learning his prospective family was extremely nasty.
Yuki bent over the tub next to her Mother, and Carl pushed his erection into her anus. Carl was a little disappointed as he had done this many times before. Suki knew just what to do. She went to the bedroom for a toy. Carl was not paying any attention to what Suki was doing. Suki came back wearing a strap-on and lubed it. She worked it into Carl as he was distracted. A shocked smile erupted on his face.
"Take my cock, bitch," Suki said.
Carl felt humiliated, yet unbelievably excited by Suki's violation of his bowels. He had fantasized about all of this so many times.The only thing that would be better would be Randal's cock in his mouth right now, he thought.Yoko climaxed loudly.
"Randal put your cock into Carl's mouth, now," Suki ordered.
Randal pulled out of Yoko's ass and plunged into Carl's hungry mouth. Carl could taste Yoko's ass on Randal's dick; it further humiliated Carl.
"That's right; bitch take our two cocks," Suki said forcefully.
It was now midnight and officially Carl's birthday, and Carl was enjoying his forty-second birthday. Carl was becoming better at sucking cock. The sin of it thrilled both men. The dildo's end brought Suki off as Randal ejaculated into Carl's skilled mouth. Carl spewed his load into his wife just after Randal's cock stopped squirting into his mouth. Yuki was rubbing her clitoris as she came also.
"Do you like being our Cuck, Carl?" Yuki asked.
"Yes, dear, I do," Carl said as her referring to him as that started to revive his spent cock.
It was far too late when the sex games ended for the guests to drive the hour home.
"Yuki, you two can have my bed it is queen size. I will stay in here with Suki and Randal," Yoko said.
Everyone went to sleep. Randal woke up at seven, feeling lips on his cock. He opened his eyes to find Yoko sucking him hard. She climbed on after he was rigid enough for her purposes. Randal needed to pee, so the sensations were intense. Yoko climaxed loudly and woke up Suki. Randal could hear the bed in the next room, banging with sexual activity.
"I knew that is why you wanted to sleep in here," Suki said.
"I do not care; I have become addicted to this monster," Yoko said.
"I know Mother, but you might exhaust him," Suki said.
"I am putting something extra in his food. He will not run out of stamina," Yoko said.
Randal wondered what ancient Japanese concoction she was spiking into his food. He had noticed he was even more horny than usual, and that meant a lot due to his overactive libido. Randal ejaculated into his Mother-in-law.
Suki texted Yuki, "We need Carl to come to clean out Mother again."
Carl rushed in to lick Randal's seed out of his mother-in-law happily. Yuki came in as well, and she had Randal lick Carl's semen out of her pussy. Suki, feeling left out, reached into her nightstand for her vibrator. A buzzing sound soon filled the bedroom. Yoko climaxed again, and so did Yuki. Suki screamed her joyous spasm soon after.
"Time for a shower," Suki said, realizing the kids would be up soon.
They all took a shower together. After the three dried off, Yoko went to prepare breakfast. They ate breakfast and spent the entire Monday swimming. It was a bank holiday due to the fourth of July, and therefore the Market was closed. The kids and adults played volleyball in the pool. The weekend was a success for the entire family. If it had not been for the previous night's activities, one would have thought this an average Californian family.
Five weeks later, on the first day of school, Randal and Suki dropped all four children off at school. The twins Yoko and Miko had the same teacher, Irene, from the bachelorette party. Randal noticed that she wore a bra to school.
"Hello, Irene," Randal said, feeling a little awkward knowing she had ridden his hard cock.
"Hello, Randal," Irene said, smiling.
"You know my teacher?" Little Yoko asked.
"Yes, Marin is a small place, we met her at a wonderful party," Suki said.
Next, they dropped Hunter off, and he was in another teacher from the party's class. She was the one who used her fingers to catcall whistle.
"Hello I am Randal and this is Suki," Randal said.
"I know who you are, Aramis. My name is Daniele Chism," The gorgeous dark-haired half Korean teacher said, joking about his stripper costume. Daniele, although dressed conservatively in her teacher's attire, could not conceal her Rocking hard body.
"I will have you know I was D'Artagnan," Randal said.
"You do kind of remind me of Douglas Fairbanks stud," Daniele said.
"I love old movies. Are you into them as well?" Suki asked.
"Yes, that is two things we have in common," Daniele said.
"What is the other one?" Suki asked.
"CFNM, of course," Daniele said quietly, "We should have a movie night. Our men will love the forced 'freedom' they feel while we watch a good film." Daniele giggled.
"Sounds fun, we still have one more kid to drop off," Suki said.
"I know, and Randal will be into her. Oh, I forgot he already was," Daniele said, laughing.
"I could easily be just as into you. If Suki lets me," Randal said.
"Depends on what she has in trade," Suki said.
"James is about the same as Terrence upfront," Daniel said.
"I will text you about the movie night then," Suki said, giggling.
They hurried to Mateo's class. Steffani was waiting at the door.
"Hello Steffani," Suki said.
"Hello, Suki and Randal. Who is this?" Steffani said, she already knew Mateo from the year before but was making conversation.
"This is our Mateo," Randal said.
"I wanted to ask you, Suki, if I could have seconds sometime," Steffani whispered to Suki.
"What do you have to trade?" Suki asked.
Steffani stuck out her long tongue as the bell rang, and she turned to teach school.
The elementary school was a place staffed by swingers, and three years in Randal was only now learning this. The secret seal of apparent uptight arrogance had broken to reveal a sexual utopia. Randal was not sure he could keep up with the demand of his household, but he certainly was up for the challenge. He pulled his pocket out to conceal his bulge. Suki texted Carla to allow her to share her cell number with all the kid's teachers.
Later that afternoon, they were in Randal's office. Randal still worked up from dropping off the kids; the hot teachers were very lust-inspiring, took his cock out and shoved it into Suki. Both Christina and Suki bent over Randal's desk. He was paddling their bare asses, just as an excuse to fuck them alternatingly again. He gave her three thrusts, Then into Christina for three thrusts. Unknown to the girls, Terrence had gone to lunch with Randal. He was waiting in the executive bath to clean up Randal's cum. Randal entered Christina once more.
"Fuck me hard stud," Christina said as Terrence crawled nude into the room.
Randal fucked Christina. Terrence lay on his back and licked his wife as Randal pounded her with his cock until she climaxed. Terrence licked her pussy furiously as he stroked his dick. Randal unloaded into Christina as Terrence began to lick the escaping semen. Randal pulled out and entered Suki before his cock had time to decrease in firmness. He punished his betrothed with his member. She used her intimate muscles to milk him as their sex organs pounded away skillfully. Suki and Randal climaxed together.
Two weeks later, Suki and Randal were at Daniele's house for movie night. Daniele was screening "Key Largo" one of her all-time favorites. The film older than anyone watching it, released in 1948, had aged well. The atmosphere enhanced by the salt air blowing in off the Pacific Ocean, Daniele's house overlooked the rough surf. Randal could hear the waves pounding away against the rocky shore. The living room light dimmed, and a two-inch diameter vanilla-scented candle burned on the coffee table. Daniele's curved Big-screen TV showed Bogey and Bacall, the quintessential romance of that generation. Randal and James were nude. The girls were having the men rub their feet as they enjoyed the movie. Suki was starting to show, her belly was becoming round. James licked Daniele's foot, but Randal was not ready to do that quite yet. James continued licking and sucking Daniele's toes. Daniel wore a leather bustier and matching skirt. Suki wore a leather bra and matching shorts.
"When is the wedding?" Daniel asked as Randal and Suki had not officially married yet.
"In two weeks, and I don't think I will be able to fit into the dress," Suki said.
"You could just have a nude ceremony," Daniele suggested.
"What about the kids, they would feel left out?" Randal asked.
"Have a small Hawaiian themed wedding and just have it in your yard," Daniele suggested, the fading light shining on her light Asian skin.
"I like the nude wedding idea better," James said.
"I do not want to wear a white Muumuu to my wedding," Suki said.
"Honey, you would look good in anything," Daniele said.
James Ensor Jacobs was the blond Nordic type. He had an accent Belgium or Northern, western Germany. He was in decent shape with a large uncut cock, and It honestly was as big as Randal's cock. James' family had old-world wealth. The view from their costly house was priceless.
"What about a small wedding at home followed by a larger nude ceremony at the cabin at the river?" Suki suggested.
"Sounds fun, but is it practical?" Randal asked.
"It could turn into an orgy," Suki said with a raised eyebrow.
"I will have to think about it," Randal said.
The movie concluded, and Randal knew that the women would want sex. He was just waiting to see how inventive the two friends would make it.
"I met James when I studied abroad in Belgium," Daniele said.
"I have never been to Europe. Did you like it?" Suki asked.
"We like it better here, and since James is a Software Engineer, this is a good place for him to work," Daniel said.
"I just moved from Pacific Heights, but I love Marin also," Suki said.
"Let us flip a coin to see who fucks us," Daniele said.
Daniele flipped a half-dollar coin and covered it with her hand.
"Heads we do our husbands and tails we switch," Suki said.
Daniele lifted her hand to reveal tails. Daniele flipped the coin again.
"You don't like the outcome?" Suki asked.
"No, this is to see who's cum they must clean out of our pussies," Daniele said.
"That is obvious; they must lick the other man's cum, of course," Suki said devilishly.
"Sounds good to me. What do you think, James?" Daniele asked.
James just frowned, but Randal was already well experienced with that. He did not mind, especially since he would get to fuck hot Daniele. Daniele looked stunning in her dominatrix inspired guise. Randal was intensely randy; Suki had not let Randal cum for several days, and Suki's teasing had left him needy. Daniele pulled Randal to her and kissed him. James, too would have done anything to fuck Suki but knew better than reacting in too positively to it. Daniele still sometimes became jealous. Suki aggressively attacked James. Once aroused, the men were putty in the women's hands. The men laid on their backs on the floor. Daniele handcuffed them to the opposing legs of the couch. Daniele took the lit candle of the coffee table and dripped hot wax on the men's nipples.
"I have always wanted to do this," Daniel said.
"Drip some on their dicks," Suki suggested.
Daniele dripped some hot paraffin on Randal's cock, and he tried to twist away. They spent several minutes enjoying the hot wax and the men's reaction to it. The wax quickly covered the chest hair of James. When it cooled, Daniel used it for ripping out the hair. The wax's unusual composition worked better for hair removal, then she had imagined. Most wax will not grip hair without a paper carrier, but the Belgium candle did. Daniele covered James' hairy dick and balls with hot wax next. Once dry, she removed that hair with the wax as well. Daniele returned her attention to Randal.
Suki found a riding crop and used it lightly on James' cock. James spread his legs as if asking for Suki to thrash his genitals.
"Hit him, he likes it rough," Daniele said.
Suki hit his balls hard. James' eyes filled with lust as Suki abused him. Suki quickly figured James was a total pain slut.
"Thank you, Mistress," James said.
Suki's bitchy side came out, and she trashed his balls with the crop. James hissed his appreciation. Daniele held Randal's legs up and teased his sack with the open flame of the candle. Randal whimpered in fear, but Daniele was careful not to burn him seriously. Both women enjoyed themselves as they tormented the bound men. The minxes became extraordinarily excited and lowered themselves onto the hard cocks. Daniele still dripping hot wax onto Randal's chest as she rode his shaft. Suki used the crop and James' nipples as she indulged herself on his cock.
"He is such a slut," Suki said.
"Like Randal is any different," Daniele replied.
Daniele's tight hole felt great on Randal's cock. James enjoyed Suki's velvety sheath as well.
"Touche, my friend," Suki said.
"I have never made James lick up another man's cum before," Daniele said.
"He won't complain; it is not like he has a choice," Suki said, giggling.
"Are you sure?" Daniele asked.
"Forcing him will relieve his sense of responsibility and therefore make him not think of it as badly," Suki said.
They rode the men's shafts harder and could no longer continue the conversation. Randal ejaculated into Daniele as her pussy contracted in orgasm. Suki, with her legs straining, followed suit, and her sheath convulsed, causing James to ejaculate powerfully; and ominously, the two vixens quickly changed partners for their wicked pleasure. Then, the two restrained, men having little choice, dutifully cleaned their wives cum filled pussies out, disdainfully licking another man's salty semen. James' expression showed his feelings of uncertainty about the act.
Randal's potent semen had already swum to its goal. Randal had unknowingly impregnated another woman. Daniel was hoping for this, as she thought James was impotent.
"You think you will get your wish?" Suki asked.
"I hope so?" Daniele replied.
The men had no idea what they were talking about as they lay still bound to the couch legs.
"I want to go again. Can I ride James once more," Suki asked, knowing Daniele would want more of Randal's cum to ensure her pregnancy?
Randal was hard already as he stared at Daniele's bodacious Asian body. James was ready as well, and the women traded once more. Daniel lowered herself onto Randal, and Suki lowered herself onto James. They rode wildly, but this time they stopped right before the men climaxed. The two women wanted to tease them, as they moved on the couch to make out, kissing one another sensuously in girl to girl passion. They kissed and fondled each other's breasts for what seemed hours to the bound men, whose necks strained to watch the show enviously. Randal sighed in a frustrated gasp. Daniele whispered into Suki's ear, and Randal knew from experience that this was never good. Suki smiled and nodded.
Daniele went to the bedroom, and she came back with a velvet-covered box the size of a shoebox. Out of the box came two sets of nipple clamps on chains. Suki affixed a set onto James' nipples one by one. James whimpered softly. Daniele put a clamp on Randal's right nipple and then his left. Randal still sensitive from the hot wax winced.
"Ouch, that hurts," Randal said.
"Don't be a baby," Suki said.
Next out of the box came two large chrome butt plugs and some lube. The women lubed the violation implements and started to force them into the men. Daniel worked the giant plug slowly into Randal, as he tried to turn away from her assault.
"OH," Randal exclaimed hesitantly.
"Trust me; you will love this," Daniel said.
Daniele could tell his hesitation was just an attempt to seem more macho. Randal needed to feel free from the responsibility of the anal stimulation. The plug slowly parted his tight flesh. Randal felt discomfort until the broad tip of the device forced him open and popped in, and his anus painlessly clinched the small section. James was no longer as timid as Daniel required such things from him regularly. Once the plugs were in place, the women resumed riding the two happy victims.
Randal felt overcome by the sensation of the plug on his prostate. James was similarly affected, but he had experienced the effect many times. The pressure on the two men's prostates would evacuate their sacks totally in just a few seconds as the women rode furiously on their cocks. Daniele pulled the chain of the nipple clamps releasing Randal's nipples painfully as he ejaculated. Randal's mind blown by the conflicting stimulation; he trembled in mind-numbing bliss. The force of Randal's stream of semen caused Daniele to climax as well.
Suki, having seen her friend tormenting her fiancé, did likewise pulling the chained clamps off James as his lava erupted into her. Suki convulsed on James' shaft as his liquid blank bullets reverberated off the walls of her uterus. Daniele lay on the floor, gasping for air as the little fish swam home in search of her fertile eggs. Randal, already having two buns in the twin's ovens, was unwittingly was now sure to be a father again through Daniele. Suki unlocked the two men, releasing their handcuffs.
"That was pleasurable. I love movie night," Daniele said.
"I know, it is addictive to rule over men," Suki said.
The two satisfied women smiled contentedly at one another like the Cheshire cat.