*****************************************************
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to events or people, living, dead, or fictional is entirely unintended. Sexual activity should occur only between consenting adults in the absence of coercion. What is sexy in fantasy may be appalling in reality; do not confuse the one for the other.
*****************************************************
The engine of Mila's twenty year old Corolla grumbled quietly as we drove through the night. We were bound by silence as she picked her way down unfamiliar streets. I knew why we were here, doing what we were doing, but the flutter in my stomach wouldn't let me forget even for a moment.
It had been several months since my adventure in the library. I'd called Chris and let him take me out for coffee. I don't think I stopped blushing the whole time- all I could think about was how his cock felt in my hand. From his occasional sly grin, I think he kept remembering what I looked like with his cum on my tits! That could have been the end of it, but I'd had a good time. So when he called and asked a couple of days later, I let him take me out to dinner. Before long, we were dating and it had been glorious. He was smart, and good natured, and he was a good kisser.
Chris was good at other things too. After four years known only as flat chested "pancakes" Drake, I finally had a boyfriend and I was taking advantage. It didn't take long until, while we were making out, Chris started to slide his hand up under my shirt. My heart pounded faster but I just leaned into his grasp, enjoying the feeling of his fingers cupping my b-cup breast. I gasped as he lifted my shirt and took one nipple, and then the other, into his mouth. I have never been so grateful not to be wearing a bra! If that moment was magical, the first time he slipped his fingers inside my pants, and my panties, and then inside me, was absolutely mind-blowing. Paul Hopkins, my nemesis from high school, had gone down on me in the supply closet of the art building but my orgasm then was nothing compared to what Chris did to me that night. Whereas Paul had only been trying to worm his way into receiving a blowjob, just trying to get to his own pleasure, Chris was focused on mine. Too bad I'd heard Paul had transferred to another school; it might have been fun to tell him how bad he was at eating pussy.
I'd learned some things too, of course. I'd spent plenty of time exploring his cock with my eyes and my hands. I loved the way he gasped when I trailed my fingers over him and then stroked him back and forth. I loved the way his cock felt- hard, and springy, and warm against my skin. That night in the Mag definitely wasn't the only time Chris came on my tits and I'd become familiar with the sharp tangy smell of his cum. He especially liked it when I scooped a little of it onto my fingers and licked it off! The semester came to an end all too quickly and before we went home for the holidays I gave him a surprise.
When he came to pick me up for dinner I wordlessly pulled him into my room, shoved him against a wall, and dropped to my knees. I'd talked to Mila about what to do, and watched (and giggled over) a couple of movies to get some pointers. As I opened his jeans Chris did not disappoint; his cock sprang out at attention. I grinned up at him, nearly laughing at the bug-eyed look on his face, before opening my mouth and sucking him in. I might have prepared for this, but it was still my first time, and I didn't take him in very deeply. But I pumped my hand up and down on what wouldn't fit in my mouth, and licked him eagerly. I could tell immediately that I liked the feeling of his penis in my mouth, the taste of it on my tongue. Shivers of pleasure raced up my spine with the gasps he made each time my head lowered onto his manhood. After what seemed like only a few moments he moaned, "Oh, shit, Lana, I'm gonna nut!" I just pumped my mouth up and down on him faster and was rewarded with a jet of hot, salty cum. I kept sucking until he was done, then leaned backwards, looked up and him and swallowed.
"I just wanted to make sure you don't forget about me over the break," I said, smiling up at him.
He laughed breathlessly, "Never! That was incredible! Do you... uh... I mean, I could..."
I leaned forward, kissed the tip of his cock, and tucked it gently back into his pants before standing.
"Later. Despite my little snack, I AM hungry."
He took me to dinner, and there was a later, and he definitely did not forget about me over the break.
My return in the spring wasn't without its challenges, though. Mila and I had decided to switch roommates and move in together, which was great, but only a week after school began again I came home to find her crying quietly. She didn't want to tell me at first, but a couple of tissues and a cup of tea hastily made with our electric kettle later, the story came pouring out of her. It was her dad. He'd spent decades working the state government, first in a warehouse, and then managing a warehouse. It had been hard labor but he'd been good at it and had never complained. He was now just six months from his pension vesting, and it looked like a back injury was going to catch up with him. If he kept working the way he was, his back might get so bad that he'd effectively be paralyzed. But if he stopped working, Mila's family would lose its main source of income and the pension would go up in smoke. There was a treatment, but the insurance company called it "elective" unless the worst had already happened. After scrimping and saving and going to whatever family they could, they were still short of what the procedure would cost by several thousand dollars and they had no collateral for a loan. I had known that Mila's family wasn't rich, not least from all the jobs she took to make money, but I had not idea it was this bad.
My elation at how things were going with Chris was eclipsed by Mila's quiet misery. She considered selling her car, but would never make anywhere near what she needed. She picked up work where she could, but there just weren't enough modeling jobs to do the trick. Besides, she had to be selective about which jobs she took. There are a lot of iffy guys who want nude models and the last thing she could afford was to show up on some porn site. I wished that I could help, but I didn't have anywhere near that much money. Day by day, her dad kept working, inching closer to a disaster that we could not avoid.
Six weeks later I knew something changed when I came home to discover Mila pawing through her clothes with more energy than I'd seen in a long time. Mila was tall, with olive skin, shiny black hair and, to be blunt, large boobs that just would not quit. Moreover, thanks for patience and a lot of second hand bargain hunting, she had the closet to make the most of her assets. I was quite a contrast at average height, with pale skin and more modest breasts. But my legs were long and my ass was firm from regular runs. We couldn't share clothes, but she'd been a huge help as I came out of my shell!
"Mila? What's up?" I asked, setting my books down next to my bed.
I saw hope in her eyes, and more than a bit of anxiety, "I found something and... I think it could help my dad."
I answered without hesitation, "How can I help?"
Mila smiled weakly and shook her head, "Lana, I knew you would say that but... take a look at this and then really think about whether you want to ask that?"
She pulled a piece of paper out of her pocket and handed it over. I unfolded it to discover a recruitment flyer. The first two lines in big block letters told the story.
"SIGMA NU SPRING WET T-SHIRT EXTRAVAGANZA!!!
GRAND PRIZE: $8,000"
My eyes shot back up to meet hers, "You're going to-"
She nodded firmly, "Yes, I am. It's not that different from art modeling, right? And you know I've got the rack for it. I think I have a good shot!"
I shut my mouth with a snap and just stared at her for a moment before nodding gently. She was right, of course. It'd be louder, and wetter, obviously, but she was already used to taking off her clothes for strangers. Flashing her tits to a room full of drunk frat boys should be a piece of cake.
"And," she continued more quietly, "I'd like you to do it, too."
Before I could say anything she pressed on with her explanation. The event wasn't happening at our university, but at the state ag college about an hour away. Nobody there would know us here. If we both competed there'd be a better chance that one of us might win, and her dad needed about another $5,000 to get the procedure. If either of us won, we'd give $5,000 to her dad and then I'd take the remaining cash.
"What do you think?" She said at last, biting her lip nervously.
"I think," I began, "that just once it'd be nice if you came up with a money making opportunity that let me keep my clothes on."
Mila snickered and put one hand over her mouth.
"Oh, god, I hadn't even thought of it that way!"
"Mila, you've got it," I said, smiling, "This can help your dad and it isn't like I haven't showed my tits off before."
She pulled me into a bear hug and whispered into my ear, "Thank you, Lana. You're the best!"
We spent the rest of the evening planning how to maximize our chances. That night she went to sleep quickly for the first time in a long time. I, on the other hand, dreamed of dancing topless for a room full of athletic young men and woke to find my fingers drowsily stroking my clit. Mila might think I was doing her a favor, but I wasn't entirely sure she wasn't doing one for me!
The next few weeks were busy, with classes, with Chris, and with preparing for the contest. We had to submit forms to be competitors, including photographs. We were warned that we had to bring our own t-shirts and shorts, so we had to find something that would suit our needs. And we had to do the necessary personal prep work, which involved a good bit of waxing. Chris knew Mila and I were working on some sort of project and I let him think it was for school. The truth is, I wasn't sure how he'd handle it if he knew what was really going on.
When the day came we threw our stuff into Mila's old car and set off for our future. The drive began cheerfully enough, but the closer we got the more real it became. For Mila, this was her best, maybe her only, chance to really help her dad. One way or another it would be over soon and that reassuring "maybe" that had sustained her recently would have become certainty, or have been snuffed out. For me, I was more and more aware that this time it wouldn't be a small crowd of artists staring at my tits, and I couldn't decide if I was more scared or more turned on by the idea.
I supposed we'd know soon enough because Mila was pulling into a parking lot behind a large house. There were cars everywhere and a muscular man in a Sigma Nu shirt blocked our way until we showed him our IDs and he found our names on his list. He gave us both grins, his eyes dropping only briefly to try to get a look at our chests, before waving us to spots reserved for the competitors. We left spare clothes, snacks and towels in the car and walked to the back of the house dressed only in thin white t-shirts and cheap cotton shorts. Mila wore a plain white shirt, through which you could just see the faint outlines of her wide nipples. I'd elected for a man's v-neck undershirt that clung tightly to my less impressive assets. The cold air made my nipples poke up firmly under the flimsy cloth. We'd both made some careful cuts in our shirts, at the hem and again at the collar. We had a plan.
A door was propped open, light pooling outside the threshold, with a sign posted on the side reading, "Competitors enter here!" We gave each other a glance and then went inside, following signs that led us to a small living room. It was full of young women dressed more or less the way we were. Some were taller even than Mila, others were quite short. One girl looked like she'd barely come up to my shoulder but had breasts the size of grapefruit. Her face was round, with a sharp triangular nose and short, straight black hair.
Mila nudged me with her elbow and nodded at the side of the room where four girls were clustered around a folding table supporting stacks of red solo cups and bottles of fruity alcohol.
"I guess they figured some of us would need some courage," she whispered.
"Not us though," I answered.
She looked at me and smiled briefly, "No, not us."
We checked in with another Sigma Nu brother, who marked our names on a form on his clipboard. I was surprised he didn't try to sneak a peak at anything and suddenly realized who Sultans had usually gotten to work as harem guards. I didn't think he actually WAS a eunuch, but it'd do as a nickname. As I turned to walk away I crashed into someone right behind me and managed to whack my head hard on their chin.
"Ow! Watch where you're going you stupid bitch!" She snapped at me, pressing one hand to her jaw.
My first impression, other than that she was rude, was that she was tall. My second was that she was a fucking goddess. Tight muscular legs met at a small triangle of fabric that was barely enough to cover her pubic mound. Her shirt was cropped so short that it barely covered her breasts and had a huge scoop neck displaying a wealth of cleavage. I didn't know how large her boobs were, but they were big and seemed to defy gravity. She had a lovely symmetric face framed by straight, shining brown hair. As far as I could tell, the only ugly thing about her was the look on her face as she stared at me.
"Whatever, get out of my way," she snarled, "A flat chested little thing like you might just want the attention, but some of us intend to win!"
Mila bristled beside me, "What did you just-"
"No, Mila, it's fine," I said quickly, putting a hand on her arm and dragging her away.
As we walked off I heard her give her name, Heather, to the Eunuch. Inside I didn't feel nervous anymore, I just felt cold, the same way I felt in high school when people called me "pancakes". Mila, on the other hand, was seething.
"I can't believe what she said to you! I should kick her ass."
"Yeah?" I answered, "Best case, they still let you compete but you look like you've been in a fight. Worst case, they kick you out for messing up the talent. Either way, we lose and so does your dad."
Her tirade cut off mid-stream and she stared at me for a long moment before letting her shoulders slump, "Shit, Lana, that was cold."
I shrugged, "Eyes on the prize, Mila."
We didn't have long to wait; not more than ten minutes later Eunuch got up on a chair, whistled to get our attention, and began explaining things. We'd divide up into five groups of five. One group would go out, do our thing, and then the crowd would choose the winner. Then they'd move off of the stage to make way for the next group. Once all five groups had gone, the winners from each group would go back out for a head-to-head competition. He started to divide us up and, after a brief exchange of whispers, Mila and I hastily moved away from each other. If we were in the same group, at best one of us might make it through. But if we were in different groups, our chances were far better.
I ended up in a group with two blondes, a brunette, and a black haired girl with dreads. My auburn hair would make me stand out, I hoped. My breasts looked to be bigger than one of the girls, but smaller than the rest, but I had a plan for that. And I was quietly confident that my legs and ass were better than my competition. Mila had ended up the tallest in her group, and to my eye the hottest. Heather was in a last group, which was just as well. Nasty she might be, but I suspected she'd be the one to beat, so I was glad we wouldn't face her in the first round. She saw me looking from across the room and shot me a contemptuous look before deliberately ignoring me.
Eunuch led the first group out of the room; as the door opened I could hear loud music thumping from somewhere distant in the house. It was starting. The next ten or so minutes were an agony but I managed to keep my anxiety, and my eagerness, from my face. And then Eunuch was back and it was my turn. My group walked out and down a long hallway, the music and cheering growing ever louder. We made a turn and came to a halt outside a pair of double doors. I could hear someone shouting through a microphone on the other side.
"Okay everyone," he boomed, "let's give it up for our next group of lucky ladies!"
The cheering surged and Eunuch threw the doors open, waving us forward urgently. The scene crashed over us like a tidal wave. Thumping music, a sea of male voices cheering, the smell of beer and sweat, and a pulse of heat from too many bodies packed too tightly together. I was third in line and stunned for just a moment by the intensity but the first girl, the one with dreads, started forward without flinching. I'd recovered by the time it was my turn and I strutted into the room and up a set of stairs with my shoulders back, my breasts thrust out, and a smile on my face.
I reached the top of the stairs, walked out on a broad stage until I reached the middle, and then turned to face the audience. We were lit up with spotlights hung from the ceiling so I couldn't see anything clearly, but I could hear a seething mass of people. As my eyes adjusted I saw a crowd made up almost entirely of men, with only a leavening of women here and there. They were cheering, singing, and shouting, as much at each other as at us. There was no way a crowd like this could just be the fraternity! I realized with a shiver that they must have been selling tickets! I looked to my left and saw two fraternity brothers in Sigma Nu shirts walking towards the girl with the dreads. The first was holding a microphone, followed by the second holding a large pitcher of ice water. Just past them I could see the girls of the first group; one was topless, two had tied their shirts back together after ripping them open, and the other two had clearly not taken them off. From their expressions, I was pretty sure the girl with bare breasts had won the first round.
Obvious thing is obvious, I know.
The brothers reached dreads and the announcer started talking, "Hi there, sweetie! What's your name?"
She leaned forward slightly to answer, "I'm Shanae!"
"Well we're glad to have you, Shanae! Are you ready?"
She screamed, "yeah," and put her arms up like she was excited about a touchdown. Without missing a beat, the other brother stepped forward and poured the water over her chest. Her shirt clung to her breasts, turning translucent in the bright spotlights, while she squealed at the cold. Ice cubes rattled off of the floor. A third brother hurried a new pitcher of ice water out to exchange for the now empty one and the brothers moved down the line. The process repeated, this time with "Tiffany," and the pitcher was dumped over her jiggling breasts. Then it was my turn.
As the brothers walked up, the announcer gave me a look over from top to bottom before leaning in, "All right, honey, you look good enough to eat! What's your name?"
I hoped my smile didn't look fake as I answered, "I'm Lana and I'm ready to show off!" throwing in a couple of loud "woo woos" for good measure.
I met the eye of the brother with the pitcher, raised my arms, and laced my fingers together behind my neck, thrusting my chest out. He grinned and raised the pitcher. I barely had time to register it tipping over before the shock of freezing cold water slammed into my breasts. I squeaked a little bit, but once the initial surprise passed the cold was actually refreshing in the kiln-like room. My shirt was plastered to my chest and nearly transparent, my tight nipples easily visible. My flimsy shorts were soaking wet too. As they moved to the next girl in line, I began to sway back and forth in place to the music.
They finished up with the last girl in my group and the announcer boomed again, "All right ladies! You have five minutes; show us your stuff!"
The music got even louder somehow as we all started to dance. The girl to my left started teasing the crowd a little, lifting her shirt and lowering it again. The girl on my right was cupping her breasts through her soaking wet shirt and rubbing her nipples for the crowd. I reached for the bottom of my shirt and found the little notch that Mila and I had carefully cut in the fabric before we left. I took a breath, stepped forward and screamed with a big smile on my face as I pulled hard with both hands. My shirt ripped straight up the center, each half coming away in one hand. The tear reached the other notch we'd cut in the collar and the whole thing fell apart. I paused with my arms stretched out widely to either side, the torn shirt like a flag drawing every eye to my exposed tits. I slipped the remains of my shirt off of my shoulders, swung it around in one hand above my head, and then flung it into the crowd. I was on stage in front of a room packed full of men with my tits out! The crowd roared like nothing I'd heard before and I held my hands straight up while I shook my tits back and forth.
I resumed dancing and chanced a look at my competition. From the looks on their faces I'd caught them off guard; I think most had been hoping to draw it out and just give the boys a look right at the end. But from the way the crowd was reacting, they either needed to pick up the pace or risk being left behind. As I danced, rubbed my own breasts and shook my chest at the boys, I kept my eye out. When it looked like the other girls were about to get their own tits out, I sprung my next surprise.
I stepped forward again, turned my back to the audience, and hooked my thumbs in my shorts. Mouth dry, heart pounding, I pushed down and as my shorts cleared the swell of my ass, I let them drop the rest of the way to the floor. I stepped out of my shorts and, still facing away from the audience, bent over to pick them up while keeping my legs straight. I could barely hear the music over the sound of the crowd as I grabbed my shorts up, turned, and flung them into the crowd. It was only then that they realized I was shaved bare and they went completely nuts. I kept dancing, grateful that they'd poured the ice water on me because, otherwise, someone might have realized how wet my pussy was.
By this point three of my competitors had taken their tops off and two had tossed them into the crowd, but none of them had the guts to do what I had before the time ran out. The announcer quieted the crowd down and went down the line, one at a time and asked for applause for each girl. There was no question that I'd won out of my group. Finally, they hustled us over to join the first group. As we gathered tightly together one girl leaned in and shouted at me, "Slutty much?"
I just shrugged. She could think what she wanted, but this was exactly what Mila and I had planned. Keep the attention, go all the way in the first round, and make sure I knocked the four other girls out of the contest.
The next group of girls came out and repeated the whole process. The pitcher, the dancing, the boobs, and the cheering. But I liked to imagine the cheering wasn't as loud as it was for me. The short girl with the big tits I'd seen before, Rachel as it turned out, won that round. She came to join us wearing just a pair of string bikini bottoms. When she saw me the leaned in and shouted, "I bet you won your round!" I laughed. I was surrounded by fifteen wet young women, many of whom had their breasts out and on display, but I was the only one who was completely naked. The spotlight wasn't on us, but I found myself wishing it was!
The next group was Mila's and everything went smoothly. Her top came off, and her shorts, but she was wearing a cute little thong bottom. She was a good dancer and won her round handily. As she was herded over to join us she raised an eyebrow at me and I gave her a discreet fist bump. She smiled, knowing I'd won my round. Two of us were in the final five; we had a 40% chance of winning just from that!
The last group was remarkable only because it was the group with Heather in it. When she came out on stage if anything the crowd got a bit quieter, and it was hard to blame them! As if her body wasn't enough, the way she walked made it clear that she owned that stage. She was like sex on two legs! The pitcher of water left nobody in doubt that her breasts were flawless and when she tore her shirt off I think every other woman in the room felt diminished in comparison. Her competitors tried, but the outcome wasn't in doubt. As she came over to join us she once again caught my eye, made a point of looking me up and down, and then smirked as she mouthed "slut" at me.
"Okay boys, let's bring our winners out for the finals! Janette, Lana, Rachel, Mila, and Heather! Come on out here!" The speakers boomed, and the brother with the microphone beckoned us forward. The five of us returned to our places even as other brothers herded the rest of the competitors off stage and out of the room. Soon it was just the five of us, all at least topless, on a brightly lit stage.
"Okay, here's where it gets real, ladies! There are five of you now, but only one of you gets to be the winner! You have five minutes; GO!"
And we started dancing again. Now the downside of our strategy was apparent, because the other girls all had at least something to play with and lose, but not me. But, again, we had a plan for that. After we'd been dancing maybe a minute, I came up behind Mila. I pressed myself into her back and she started to grind into me. I reached around her and caressed her breasts before sliding my hands down her stomach and delicately grabbing her bikini bottoms. Grabbing the knots at either hip I pulled and then yanked her bottoms away. I screamed and stepped back as she turned to face the audience. They roared as they got a look at her pussy, with just a small strip of hair left above it. We danced side-by-side for a couple of minutes and then she came up behind me and started rubbing my breasts from behind. I didn't have anything left to take off, so I just smiled, reached down, and started playing with my pussy.
My breath was coming in short gasps and my heart thundered in my chest as I stood naked, flicking my clit for a room full of men. For a moment I wasn't sure if this was real, or a dream. When the orgasm rolled over me, at least I managed to stay on my feet.
Finally, time ran out and the announcer went down the line of girls one at a time. The roar for Mila and me was thunderous, but my heart sank when the vote got to Heather. In the last round she'd stripped off her tiny bottoms and was fully naked on stage. The cheering for her could have brought down the house.
"We have a winner!" The announcer bellowed, "Heather takes the crown!"
I felt bile in my throat. I'd stripped myself naked and frigged myself and we'd still lost. The look on Mila's face sent an icicle through my heart. Her dad wouldn't get his treatment, and it was all because of Heather. We would have won, but for her.
A couple of brothers brought out a crown and placed it delicately on Heather's head while she smiled confidently.
"As you know, our wet t-shirt queen, Heather, gets a prize of three thousand dollars!"
The crowd applauded but I felt a question welling up inside. I looked at Mila and she mouthed, "Three thousand?"
"What the fuck?" I mouthed back. It was supposed to be eight thousand. Wasn't it? Judging from the look on Heather's face, we weren't the only ones who were confused.
"Now, now, Heather, I can see you have questions, so let me explain. The prize for winning the wet t-shirt contest is three thousand dollars, but the grand prize for winning the whole thing is eight thousand. Any one of you final five ladies can still win that last five thousand dollars, and all you have to do is win a race."
The music had been turned down and the crowd quieted expectantly. I had a bad feeling about this and that was before Mila leaned over and whispered that she had a bad feeling about this.
"To win the final five thousand you have to win a blowjob race. Each finalist who chooses to compete will stay right here on this stage and will suck off Sigma Nu brothers who have selflessly volunteered themselves-" he paused until the laughter and hooting subsided, "until the timer runs out. She who swallows the most loads in fifteen minutes wins the five grand! So how about it? Who wants to win five thousand dollars?"
Heather's smile had congealed on her face. Mila's eyes were wide with horror, but I could also see a flare of hope. We still had a chance, her dad still had a chance, and she knew it. I didn't even think about it, I don't even think I realized what I was doing. I just stepped forward, and raised my hand.
"I want to win five thousand dollars!" I shouted.
The crowd roared and after a moment Mila stepped up next to me and raised her hand. Rachel stepped forward as well but the fourth girl, Janette, shook her hands back and forth and stepped back. I looked over at Heather. She was staring at me in shock and I just pricked one eyebrow back. I could see the muscles at her jaw bunch and she glared at me for a moment before, finally, stepping forward and raising her hand. The crowd exploded.
It occurred to me that, under the circumstances, it would have been wiser not to bait Heather. But nothing for it now.
The brothers were obviously well-prepared. While Janette was escorted off stage, other brothers brought thin mats out for us to kneel on. They lined them up in a row and escorted us to our assigned stations: Mila, Rachel, Me, and then Heather. A line of Sigma Nu brothers formed in front of each mat. The one at the head of my line already had his cock and balls out of his shorts. He saw me looking and blew me a kiss. I had never seen him before, I didn't even know his name, and in moments I was going to have his penis in my mouth. What the hell was I doing?
"The rules are simple!" The voice boomed, "When I say go each girl will drop to her knees and start sucking. She must swallow the load for it to count; no spitting! Any brother who cums on her but not in her mouth doesn't contribute to her score total, though I'm sure he'll be happy anyway. Whoever has sucked the most cock by the end of fifteen minutes is our winner! Are we ready?"
'No. No we're not!' I screamed in my mind, but I didn't say a thing. I just licked my lips and tried not to hyperventilate.
"Then three, Two, ONE, GO!!!" He boomed.
I dropped to my knees like a marionette with cut strings. The first boy stepped forward and I grabbed his cock and fed it between my lips. I'd only ever given Chris a blowjob and now I had some stranger's cock in my mouth. I grabbed him with my hand and jerked while I started to bob my head.
"We're off to a great start, everyone! Look at 'em go!"
The crowd was cheering, the music was pumping, and I was naked on my knees sucking a stranger's cock. He was about the same size as Chris and tasted salty and warm; not unpleasant. I started to flick my tongue underneath when suddenly he grunted and my mouth filled up with semen. I jerked harder to finish him quicker, swallowed it down and then looked up at him.
"Next!"
I don't think he could hear me, but he got the idea and stepped out of the way. The next boy was cute and blonde but I didn't have time for that. I stuffed his cock into my mouth and started sucking. As I pumped my lips up and down on his rod I snuck a look to my left. Rachel was working on a huge cock, her mouth filled while she used both of her small hands on the shaft. Her boy had to bend his knees to get his cock down at the level of her face and he was reaching past her to grope at her tits. I couldn't see Mila clearly beyond her, but had the impression of a frantically bobbing head. I looked the other way and saw Heather, hands clasped in her lap while a boy held her head still and thrust his cock back and forth between her lips. A thin string of saliva leaked from one side of her mouth and his balls slapped against her chin with each thrust.
'Not so haughty now, are you?' I thought meanly.
I hadn't been paying attention, but I hadn't stopped sucking and was rewarded with another mouthful of cum. I sucked hard, swallowed, and then waved him out of the way with a shout of "next". The next brother stepped forward, already jerking his cock. I didn't even look up at his face before I slurped him into my mouth. I didn't look at the next face either, or the one after that. It was just one cock after another. This one was thick, that one was long, the next had a bend in it, the one after that was sweet, the next was salty. Five, six, seven men stepped up and presented their cocks and I eagerly gobbled every one. I started this night only ever having sucked one cock before in my life, but it would end with my knees bruised and my belly full of jizz.
The next boy stepped forward, jerking his hard meat, and started cumming before I could get my mouth on him. Thick globs of cum spattered my cheeks and nose.
"Next!" I shouted before he was even finished. The next guy shoved him aside and slid his penis into my waiting mouth.
Thinking of what I'd seen Heather doing, I tried to take each boy deeper. I knew some girls could deep throat, but I'd never done it. But if Heather could do it, by god so could I. Commitment isn't the same as skill and I didn't manage more than to gag myself on one dick after another, but I think they liked it anyway. They liked feeling me gag myself on their cock, desperately trying to suck their cum into my waiting belly.
When I'd finished swallowing a load and the next boy stepped up I shouted, "You can grab my tits if you want," before I sucked his cock into my mouth. He didn't waste any time, leaning over and reaching down so that he could play with my tits while my face slurped up and down on his hard cock. My right hand jerked him at the base and my left slipped between my legs and started playing with my clit. I risked a look at Rachel and saw she had her head tilted back and a cock buried all the way down her throat, his balls resting on her chin. Her giant tits were shaking as she struggled to take him in. I glanced over at Heather just in time to see a Sigma Nu brother use her hair to wipe cum off of his hand while she bobbed frantically on his rod. Sweat and saliva and bits of cum were dripping off of my face but I just kept sucking. An orgasm washed over me just as he unloaded in my mouth, filling it with hot, salty cum. I swallowed it all just as the voice boomed, "All right, sixty seconds left!"
He stepped out of the way and I waved the last boy forward, with eyes only for his cock. I guided his penis between my lips with recently acquired, but well practiced, skill. I sucked, and licked, and pumped on his cock like it was the most precious thing in the world. I felt his hands close around my head and hold me still. I was confused for just a moment before I figured it out. He started to slam his hips forward and backward, driving his cock in and out between my lips. I'd seen Heather being face fucked earlier, and now it was my turn.
'Good. That's it, fuck my face!' I thought, 'Fuck my face and cum in my mouth so I can win that fucking money!'
Dimly I heard the announcer counting down from ten, but my world had contracted to a cock pounding in and out of my mouth. Suddenly he slammed his hips forward, pressing the tip of his cock into the opening to my throat, and held me there. I clenched my eyes shut, tears squeezing out as I strained not to choke, and the cum started pulsing into me. I tried to pull back but his hands held me firmly in place. I wasn't swallowing, I couldn't yet, and the cum was backing up into my mouth. A buzzer sounded and still he was cumming. Finally, he pulled his cock back, thrust it back and forth between my lips twice more, and pulled out. I breathed hard through my nose, trying to suppress the urge to gag and vomit.
"That's the end, but it looks like we have a photo finish! Heather and Lana are tied, but it looks like Lana has a mouthful of cum. If she swallows it, she wins!"
If I could just breathe for a moment, just still my instincts, I could swallow. I could win this thing for Mila by just swallowing this last mouthful of cum. And then I heard him speak.
"So how about it, Pancakes? You gonna swallow my syrup?"
My head jerked upwards and I locked eyes with Paul Hopkins. The asshole who had made me a laughingstock in high school for not having breasts yet, who had tried to get me to suck his dick in the art building supply room. I was naked, on my knees and I had his jizz in my mouth! I'd heard he'd transferred to another school after I got him in trouble in the art building. It should have occurred to me that he might have transferred somewhere nearby. Somewhere nearby with a chapter of his own fraternity. I had just sucked Paul Hopkins' dick.
"Well? You want to win, don't you, Pancakes?" He said, leering at me.
His cum was sticky on my tongue. I imagined standing up, taking a deep breath, and spitting the cum in his face. I looked to my left; Rachel was watching me with interest, a few errant globs of cum clinging to her breasts. Mila, behind her, looked like she'd gotten more than one full load all over her face. One eye was wide, staring at me in desperate hope, while the other was glued shut by a streamer of cum. This wasn't about me, it was about her dad.
'Eyes on the prize, Lana,' I thought with a sinking feeling.
I looked back up at Paul and deliberately swallowed his cum. He grinned cruelly as the announcer bellowed out, "And Lana WINS THE RACE!!!!"
"It's about time, Pancakes. I've been wanting to see you like this for a long time."
I licked my lips and rose to my feet. Tears were welling in my eyes; Paul Hopkins had fucked my face in a frat house in front of everyone and I'd just swallowed it down like a good girl. Paul looked at me, handsome, neatly groomed, eyes brimming with satisfaction. I knew how I must look, naked, covered in sweat and jizz.
And then I grabbed his shoulders and drove my knee into his stomach. He doubled over and collapsed onto the floor as one of his brothers shouted, "Oh, shit!"
"You have a small dick, Paul," I shouted lamely as he fought to breathe, rolling around on the cum soaked mat.
Someone touched my arm and my face snapped up, finding the announcer. He saw something in my eyes because he released me and took a small step back.
"We go way back, Paul and me," I snarled, "So do I win or what?"
He opened his mouth to answer, closed it without speaking, and blinked at me. Finally he gave himself a shake, turned me to face the audience, and lifted my hand.
"Congratulations to LANA! This year's Fellatrix Supreme!"
I stood in the spotlight, speckled with semen, stomach full of cum, tits and pussy out while an entire room full of men cheered and clapped. I had never felt so humiliated, powerful, and turned on at the same time.
They brought a crown out for me, too. Even bigger than Heather's. They had us stand next to each other and wave to the audience, messy and naked and exhausted.
"You really are some kind of fucking slut," Heather whispered to me as she waved.
I snorted, "You know what, Heather? Maybe you came here to show off, but I came here to win."
Finally, they let us come down off stage and led us to showers so we could clean up. They brought us robes to wear to our cars, and gave me a check for $5,000. Rachel even gave me her phone number and suggested I call.
"Don't get me wrong, I'm straight," she said before walking away, "I just figure any girl who can suck dick and then kick ass like that is worth knowing."
When we were back in the car, dressed in the spare clothes we'd brought, I handed Mila the check.
"Shit, Lana, are you sure? I can't give you the money we agreed."
"I didn't do it for the money," I answered, tiredly. "I did it for you. Get your dad his operation."
"Thank you, Lana. I... I don't know what I did to deserve a friend like you."
I blushed, feeling more embarrassed than I had while I was sucking dick after dick in front of an audience.
I leaned back in my seat, suddenly exhausted. "Do you mind if I close my eyes for a bit? I'm a little tired."
"No problem," Mila answered, "Want me to wake you when I see a Tim Hortons? I think I could go for some coffee and some food. I think we've earned it."
"Sounds good," I answered and closed my eyes. Maybe she said something else, but I was already asleep.
When she woke me up, I was dreaming that I was back on my knees, sucking cock after cock while men cheered me on. And my pussy was wet.