I want to thank Thakor for his editing help.
I'm Jan, I'm 21, just married to Jason. He is such a kind gentleman, but I was not prepared for our honeymoon. I had thought of someplace that would be romantic, but he took me to the family mansion in the mountains. When I say 'mansion,' I mean the place is huge.
I'm 5'3 and tend to be on the thin side, with what Jason calls handful-sized boobs. I didn't have much experience with sex before I met Jason, just heavy petting. Our wedding night was rough, As I was still a virgin and very sore after first intercourse. Jason had always been very polite and quiet, a perfect gentleman. My mom thought the world of him and deemed him the perfect match for me. But for me, my world was about to take an abrupt change.
Jason made the honeymoon arrangements. We left two weeks after we were married. I must say, I was not expecting the sex to be as varied and rough as it was. I'm not complaining. I really enjoyed it. As we approached our honeymoon destination, I was impressed with the security. The outward appearance of the estate was breathtaking. I was awe-struck as we entered the mansion. It was huge. The entryway was almost the size of a basketball court.
But then Jason looked at me and said, "Strip!"
I was stunned; I just stood there still.
He slapped me, "do as you're told."
"No! Very well. Milt will help you."
I didn't even see him coming. Suddenly, he grabbed me and ripped my blouse open, holding me in one arm. He unzipped my skirt.
"Wait! Wait, I'll do it." I retorted, and Milt set me down.
Slowly I removed my blouse and skirt, standing there in panty and bra, mortified.
"The rest," Jason barked.
Shaking badly, I removed my panties and bra. I tried to cover.
"Hands to your sides, never try to cover yourself again. This is the only time you will be told. Next time, You will be punished." He said in a quiet, gentle voice. "Milt would enjoy punishing you."
"Now, dear, the tour." Jason continued.
I was so wet, I couldn't believe it. We went through the kitchen area. There were other servants there that didn't seem to notice I was naked. I felt humiliated and ashamed, but it was turning me on big time.
We entered the bedroom. Milt went and stood by the door, and Jason looked me in the eye and told me, "suck my cock."
I saw Milt moving in our direction. I quickly got on my knees and unzipped Jason, and pulled him out.
"Lick it first," he said rather casually.
I couldn't believe I was being made to do this in front of someone else. I licked Jason's cock for a few minutes. He put his hand on the back of my head and pushed it into my mouth. I started to raise my hands.
"Put them behind your back or, I can have Milt hold them."
I quickly put them behind my back. Jason was taking long slow strokes into my mouth. My mouth was watering; I was drooling. I don't know what I expected a cock to taste like, but I thought it was pleasant. I could feel him beginning to swell in my mouth. I had no idea what to expect as he exploded in my mouth, choking and gagging me. He held my head in place, forcing me to swallow. I fell on all fours, gasping for breath.
"Get used to it." Jason laughed, "that's going to be your main job around here. Now get cleaned up, and you can touch yourself in the shower."
I did touch myself, and I had multiple orgasms. It was so hot. I heard a knock at the door, and Milt announced dinner with 'no clothes.' I sucked it up and went down for dinner. When I got to the dining room, I was shocked to see guests at the table. I turned around to leave and saw Milt. He shook his head no.
When I walked into the dining room, everyone stared. I felt like a zoo specimen. Jason motioned me next to him. He had his hand on my bare ass while he introduced me to his friends. I was never so embarrassed. A servant I had not seen before pulled a chair out for me. As I sat, I assumed I was eating dinner nude. People sat around me and continued chatting. Jason stood, asked for quiet, and announced he and his wife would be the entertainment tonight, in fifteen minutes in the grand ballroom.
Jason led me to the ballroom, which was filling quickly. It was set up with seating and a padded bench. There was padding on the floor, too, besides it.
"Jason, what's happening? Please tell me."
"You're going to suck my dick. Then I'm going to fuck your ass."
"You're either going to cooperate, or you will be tied down. The show must go on."
Sobbing, I was led over to the bench, and I knelt beside it. Jason stripped, I heard murmurs of approval from the audience. Jason approached me, his cock semi-hard.
"You know what to do."
I put my hands behind my back. As soon as Jason was close enough, he slapped my face with his semi-hard cock and rubbed it on my face. His cock quickly grew hard. He pushed it into my mouth. He was slowly fucking my mouth, making a show of it. I could taste his pre-cum flooding my mouth. It was making me drool. I was so hot, I couldn't believe my reaction. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and had me lay across the bench. He knelt behind me, sticking fingers into my wet pussy. I jumped when he rubbed my clit, and I had a massive orgasm there in front of all these people. He began rubbing his cock along the crack of my ass using lube from my wet pussy. I could feel him pressing against my asshole. I closed my eyes and prepared for the worse.
The initial pain was intense, but I managed not to scream. Once it was in, the pain eased and took on a different feeling. It hurt, but in an unbelievably erotic way. I couldn't believe I was getting so turned on in front of all these people. I wanted his cock deeper in my ass. Without much warning, an orgasm shook my body. My moaning became louder. It was the most intense sexual experience so far in my life.
"Yes, fuck my ass hard, fuck more, fuck it hard." the words just came out.
He slapped my ass while he was fucking it, intensifying my pleasure. I could feel him pump his load deep in my ass. He finally slid his cock out of my ass. I felt depleted; I was exhausted by the intensity of the experience. He helped me to my feet, and we bowed to the audience.
We went to our rooms and showered, had a very intense fuck, and went back out to mingle with the guests. I was getting into the looks and the attention I was getting--the things that were going on I couldn't even imagine. Everyone was engaged in one sex act or another.
In a quiet moment, I asked Jason, "What is going on, who are these people, and what is this place?"
He sat down and laid it all out. "This is an exclusive sex and dinner club. He had just been appointed director. The board had to approve all new staff members; This was your trial to see if you are fit. If the board doesn't think you fit, we both leave. We will know tomorrow. Your duties will be to greet guests and assist me with selections, and you will be at all interviews. Certain group activities are required by members. Sometimes they are required to perform sex acts, and sometimes on multiple partners; You and I do not have to participate."
"You will be in charge of women's discipline, and I will do Men. You did well. I think we will make a good team."
"Will I have to have sex with other people?"
"That will be up to you; members may not touch you unless you initiate contact."
We were unanimously approved by the board. I spent the next week learning the rules. I found that if by some unforeseen circumstance and the odd number was at dinner, Jason or I would be 'the fill-in.' For the most part, it was dinner and then indiscriminate sex, with occasional group activities.
One of the wives refused group activity; it was ass tonguing, where the wife had to identify the husband's or boyfriend's ass. In accordance with the sign-on agreement, we had permission to punish. My bodyguard/enforcer was Sammy; She always wore a mask, was six feet tall, and was very muscular for a woman. She quickly subdued the offender and had her hanging from a chain in the basement. Sammy handed me a riding crop; It was my duty to administer the punishment. She could get up to thirty strikes, administered five at a time. After any five, she could submit, and then another five would follow, and the punishment would be over.
I was extremely nervous; I hated this. The lady was a pretty petite young hanging naked helpless. There was no doubt that if I failed in my duties, I would be hanging there. Shaking, I laid the crop across her cute little ass; she squealed, and it was four more.
"Are you ready to tongue ass?"
She shook her head no again, defiantly. "Five harder this time," she was asked again. Then another five across her firm full titties, and that did it.
"Yes, yes I'll tongue ass, please no more."
"You realize you will have to tongue everyone's ass that is present tonight?" I asked her.
I gave her the required five, and Sammy let her down. I led her up to the main ballroom, where everyone was assembled. She began her anal tour and stuck her tongue up everyone's ass, and she did it with enthusiasm. I found out later her name was Sharon, and she relayed to me that the beating really turned her on.
Jason informed me that the following week, there was a mass orgy following; and asked if I wanted to participate. The rules were simple, once in the orgy room, there was no right of refusal; it was a free-for.
"Are you going to participate, Jason?"
"Yes, it might be frowned upon if I don't."
" Then I am, too," I told him.
As I stepped into the ballroom, Sharon immediately dropped to her knees in front of me. She pressed her face into my pussy and began licking it. I was aroused instantly and held her head and pulled her beautiful face into my pussy. Her tongue was so lively, exploring, tasting, probing. It was a new experience for me and made my knees weak. I had to lay on one of the floor mats. Sharon spread my legs so far as she drove me to orgasm. Suddenly, I saw someone standing over me. I recognized her as one of the board members. She squatted over my face pressing her pussy into my mouth, and I stuck out my tongue to lick it. I felt a stream of cum drain from her pussy into my mouth. I licked and cleaned her pussy as Sharon brought me to one orgasm after another.
Sharon was gone, grabbed by her husband and a friend, and was being double poled. My cream pie contributor moved on. I was grabbed by my hair and dragged into a fat old man's lap. His cock pressed against my lips. I began to suck him as he urged me on. I recognized his voice. He was the preacher who married us. I gave my best lick to his cock, sucking his balls, even rimming him. When he finally came into my mouth, I didn't think he would ever stop cumming, and it was a struggle to swallow it all. The evening went on with sex in every conceivable position in various combinations of men and women. I did find out, I liked being spanked, deep throating, and eating pussy.
The next morning, Jason and I prepared for the day.
"Jason, you have one hell of a weird idea of a honeymoon, but I loved every minute of it." as I took his cock in my mouth.