I was having all the sex I could handle. Suzie as well. For the most part we were completely open with each other about who we fucked, when and where. Ever since going down this path with Ken we were exposed to many more opportunities with like minded people, not to mention our new found creativity. I wondered on occasion if Suzie wasn't doing someone I didn't know about. It probably wouldn't matter but the openness was what kept us together.
Suzie was ecstatic about the role play with Tony so I worked on another scenario to feed her 'stranger' obsession. I called the number that Ken had given me. "Hello, this is Andrew."
"Hi, Andrew, this is Ken's neighbor, Jim. He apparently told you about my wife and I."
"Oh ya. We talked about it for quite awhile. I saw some pictures. Your wife is stunning."
"So you're interested?"
"Absolutely, as long as you're into it."
"Believe me, both of us are very into it. Suzie likes roleplay, are you game?"
"Ya, I love it. What did you have in mind?"
"I don't know for sure but she's a natural submissive."
"How about this idea. I'm a college professor and she's one of my students who gets a poor grade. She comes to my office to make a case for better grade and, well, you get it from there. The good part about this one is I have plenty of experience with the subject."
"You do?"
"Yes, I'm a college professor."
I laughed but didn't ask for details even though I was curious about what college. "I'll run it past her but I expect she'll like it."
"Of course, I'll be asking for something in return."
"And what would that be?" Even though I was thinking, you're already getting Suzie in return.
"I want you to return the favor and fuck my wife, Bridget. Pick another time or place and do her, of course, for my viewing pleasure. I'll send a couple pics right now and you can tell me if you're interested."
He texted the pics immediately and, oh ya, I was doing sexy Bridget. Much to my surprise one of the pics was topless. Tasteful but topless.
"Bridget is very hot for sure and I'm all in but I'll have to run the role play past Suzie and get back to you."
I called Suzie and she gave immediate consent to the arrangement and we were on for Friday. "I trust in Ken's taste," she said. Hmmmm. She loved the role play idea because apparently during college she had a crush on a prof that turned into a fantasy and this would let her act it out. Plus, Suzie loved clothes and still had things from her college years that she easily fit into.
Andrew and I worked out the details and on Friday I came to his house early, got unobtrusively situated and waited for the show to start while sipping on a gin and tonic. We wanted to use his campus office but that was too risky so we were in his home office. Bridget was nowhere to be seen so it was going to be the three of us...well, the two of them.
At 8 sharp, Andrew met Suzie at the door with the standard, "Oh, Suzie, what can I do for you?"
Suzie wore a short, white sundress with a pink angora sweater, white socks and pink deck shoes. Suzie never aged a day since her sophomore yearbook picture. She still wore her hair in the same bob she had back in those years. The only difference was she combed some bangs into the look. To go with the color scheme and to enhance her chances with the professor she had applied hot pink lip gloss.
She was coed hotter than shit.
"Professor, I need to talk about my final grade. Is there anyway you could raise it? I'm in trouble if my dad sees that 'C'."
"Why don't you come in and sit down,"'and he led her to a chair he'd placed a couple feet in front of his desk. Far enough back so he could see all of her. She crossed her legs.
"Now you know that I can't change a grade just because a student wants me to. You seemed distracted in class and your work was, well, average."
"I was distracted. But it's your fault."
"My fault? How is that?"
"C'mon, professor. I wasn't the only girl in class who had a crush on you."
"Sorry, I hadn't noticed, and feel free to call me Andy."
"Okay. Well...Andy, I'm pretty sure you noticed one day when I flashed you. You looked straight at me and stumbled over your sentence."
"Did I? You're an attractive girl."
"So what can I do to up my grade, maybe extra credit? I'm willing to do about anything. I'd even..."
"Even what?"
"Nothing"
"Would you mind standing up?" She stood up and playfully twirled around. He took his time scoping her out, sort of like studying the menu at an upscale restaurant.
"You're a really cute girl. Maybe there is something we can do after all. How much do you want that 'B'? I've got something in mind but you can't tell anyone."
"Yes, yes, yes! Anything! I promise."
"He got up, came around to the front of the desk and said, "To get to C+ I want you to suck my cock."
"Just suck your cock?"
"Yes, and then we'll discuss what you need to do to get a 'B'."
He leaned back against the desk, unzipped his fly and produced his partially erect dick.
"Oh professor....gluuuukkkkk, glukkkkkkk." His dick glistened, at least what you could see of it. Her skills seemed to improve each time she gave head. "Oh fuck, Suzie. Mmmmm." She sucked and licked his balls until he looked like he might blow and then he stopped her.
He called her close and began undressing her. "Oh professor, what are you doing? I thought we were going to discuss me getting a B."
"We are. We're discussing it right now." He slipped off her sweater and very deliberately unzipped her sundress, first sliding it down her shoulders and over her rear until it hit the floor and she stepped out of it. The only light in the room came from a floor lamp and the warm off lighting made Suzie's magnificent body glow. By the time he removed her bra I was completely hard. I undid my trousers and reached for my dick.
After he took her panties down she stood with nothing but her deck shoes and socks. Even after all the years we'd been together I could say, she was breathtaking. And then like an artist he put the angora sweater back on her naked body, leaving it open and unbuttoned. He caressed her breasts under the soft pink fabric. Suzie was falling into the sensuality of it all. He sucked and tweaked her nipples, making her visibly wet from where I was sitting.
"I guess there's something we both want, Suzie. God you're beautiful."
She helped him disrobe and then he backed her up to the desk, reached over and, with one grand gesture, cleared everything off the desk on to the floor. He lifted her petite figure on to the edge of the desk, spread her legs and went to work on pleasuring her. She planted her feet on the desk edge as his tongue dashed quickly in and out before, "Oh, professor! Keep going...don't stop...I'm close...oh fuck...oh fuuuuuuuuuucccccckkkk." her body shuddered and her back arched as she orgasmed.
Pausing for a second he said, "Your pussy is so sweet I just changed your grade to a B."
"Oh, thank you, professor. What's the chance of getting a B+?"
"Fucking excellent," he said, almost in a trance surveying her curves, "I wish I had more dedicated students like you."
"Prof...Andy," she asked in her sexy voice, "are you going to help me improve more with the class and fuck me?"
"Do you want me to fuck you, Suzie?"
"Yes, if you think that taking your cock would help my grade."
He took off her angora sweater like he was unveiling a diamond. Her nipples were taut and he pinched them hard enough to make her squeal. He took a ruler and snapped it on her tits and she yelped more. He started suckling her breasts, jerking himself in preparation to do her.
Then he turned her facing the desk and had her bend over her waiting pussy both moist and inviting.
"Fuck me, Andy. Educate me good."
Her playful urging got him even more excited and he parted her pussy lips with only the tip of his dick, moving it slightly to tease her, prompting Suzie to beg him for it.
"Give it to me, professor! Fuck your coed whore!! Fuck me, Andy, I need your cock!!"
Finally, he rammed his tool deep inside her as I, tucked away in the shadows, felt the same excitement and jerked on my dick.
"Uhhhhh, uhhhhh, uhhhhh..."
He pounded her as the desk shook and the last remaining desktop items fell to the floor. He took hold of the back of her hair, yanking her head back and drawing her body even harder onto his shaft. She audibly groaned with each hit punctuated by a fierce slap across her rear. Her thighs shook as he drove into her. "Uhhhhh, uhhhh, uhhhh."
"I'm your student bitch, professor! Fuck me! Teach me to do better."
Something about the light, the angle, Suzie's dirty talk all seemed to bring it together. I was stroking my cock like crazy until I wasn't. I was so focused on Suzie that I never noticed Andrew's wife, Bridget, slide in until she swallowed my dick. She had full, delicious lips that felt so soft as her head moved up and down.
"Fuck me in the ass, teacher."
He rimmed her asshole til wet and carefully eased his rod in. As she got comfortable he resumed the intensity and she started screaming. It was making me crazy excited watching her get reamed like that. Bridget stopped sucking and jerked me while we watched together.
Emphasizing each word every time he drilled her he said, "I'm...going...to...make...you...a...better...student...you...little...tart." He was in her ass for several minutes, a look of complete satisfaction on his face.
He turned her over and did her missionary style so "I can look at that pretty face before I cum all over it." Bridget leaned into me, "This is making me so horny I could fuck you right now," she whispered. My urge said it was right but the timing was wrong. I wanted to thoroughly enjoy Bridget but couldn't do it while watching Suzie. Even though I gave her no answer she blew me anyway,
Suzie came to a loud climax and the professor pulled out and Suzie dropped to her knees, mouth open, tongue out, waiting for his cum. "C'mon, Professor, cover my face with your hot cum and I'll lick you clean for extra credit."
That last dirty comment got me and I shot my load into Bridget's mouth. Part of it grazed her cheek and hit the floor.
Quickly following that the professor splurged Suzie's beautiful face. It was everywhere but true to her word she cleaned both them and then she kissed him with the cum still on the corner of her mouth. "Thanks a lot, Professor!" she chirped and then her voice got soft and sexy. "I learned that fucking can make you a better student. What's my final grade?"
"You earned an A+. I hope to have you in my class over and over. Mmmmm," he said, kissing her again before she went out the door.
"Oh my fucking hell...she was spectacular." he said, staring at the closed door and talking to himself.
Turning to me, "I have to see her again."
"I hear that often," I said, zipping up my pants.
"No, really, I need to see her again."
"Like I say, I hear that a lot, but you're only a stranger once and that's what gets her off."
"I'll pay whatever..."
"I'd be repeating myself. However, if you get invited to one of our group parties you can approach her there."
"I see you met my wife."
"Yes, I did and it was very enjoyable. I hope to see her in more depth real soon."
"Can't wait,"'she said. "Can we role play too?"
"Absolutely. Think of what you might like and text me."
She smiled, "I will. Believe me, you'll enjoy it."
On my way out he followed me to the car with, "Please just ask her for another play date. I'll do anything she wants."
"See you around, Professor."
***
When I got home Suzie was just stepping out of the shower. "So I thought you'd want to know you hypnotized another guy. He was begging for more and again throwing money at you."
"Guys think they can have anything by throwing money at it. Begged did he?"
"Yup. I have to say you're so smoking hot I can see why."
"Thanks, honey. My head just gets lost in it when I've never met the guy. I feel free to do or say anything. It's quite liberating."
"When I watch you it's like watching somebody I've never met. It's kinda spooky but a lot exciting."
"So you get turned on when I'm a dirty slut for another man?" It got her aroused to ask the question.
"Ya, I feel guilty about that but I can't stop either."
"Maybe you should punish me?"
"What?"
"Punish me. I'm a dirty slut who fucks strange men in front of her husband."
Seeing where she was going and the slight smile, I pulled off her bath towel and threw her over my knee, spanked and fucked her until we fell asleep.
The next day after work I talked to Ken in one of our fence chats. He had already heard from the Professor who couldn't stop talking about Suzie and how it was one of the greatest fucks of his life.
"He was begging me," Ken said, "to arrange another private meeting with her but I explained that I wasn't in charge of her itinerary. Then he offered me money to make it happen. Holy crap he's nuts for her. He's telling me how he's got to have her and I said, get in line."
"Geez..."
"He said at the very least invite him and Bridget to the next party so I said, yes, because he was so desperate. I don't know what she did but he's fucked up over her. Maybe you should start collecting the money, you'd be independently wealthy in a week."
"No, Suzie wants to stay away from that. The convention was an anomaly. It's only about the sex."
"Ya, but if they book her then you come with the package and protect her. The big money she'd be charging would weed out most of the weirdos."
"See you later, Ken."