I have had a suggestion put to me that I should write a sequel to my '1903 Only a Photograph Remains', in which a seaside photographer and his wife grasped an opportunity. I had been somewhat reluctant to do this, fearing that it could prove to be predictable; something I desperately try to avoid in my writing. Nevertheless, the characters of that story have continued to haunt me and, therefore, I have resolved to shed some light on their subsequent interactions. I hope and pray that you don't find the result disappointing.
I'll let Mrs Fox tell you all about it as she was actually there.
.......................................................................................
I didn't think that it could happen but we had changed from being 'Victorians' to what they were now calling 'Edwardians' fairly seamlessly. Most of us had never known anything except the Queen but now we had a King.
By 1904 it just felt sort of natural. We even thought of King Edward VII's wife, Alexandra, as the queen. Despite the fact that he was an old man, by the time that he ascended to the throne, the King had brought a new mood of change to the Empire.
Fashions were gayer and the arts, particularly literature, had a renewed vigour about it. The whole country was changing.
What didn't change was Weymouth in Winter. Just like most English seaside resorts at this time of year the majority of the hotels had been mothballed. Deckchairs, windbreaks and Punch and Judy booths had been neatly stacked against the promenade wall and had been enclosed in heavy tarpaulins. Anything that could move was strapped down or tied down or weighted down. With the exception, of course, of the beach donkeys who were warmly stabled a few miles inland. They were glad to be away from the sand, salty wind and holiday makers.
The locals had reclaimed Weymouth Town Centre as their own. Those shops and public houses that had remained open were far less crowded for the simple reason that hardly anyone had money coming in at this time of the year.
In a normal year, the Winter for a seaside photographer would be dour. A few families would require portraits of weddings, christenings and the like. If your livelihood depended upon the tourist trade these rights of passage were always delayed until the slack season. An additional bonus was that there would be a reduced fee for commemorative photographs at this time of year.
But this wasn't a normal year. Mr Clive Fox, photographer to the gentry, had had an excellent twelve months. His commissions for Sir Gordon and Sir Claud and his new lines of erotic photography had left him in a healthy financial position.
My husband, the aforementioned Mr Clive Fox, had little fear of the off season. In fact the lack of work had left him time to play with his new toy (he calls it a new project), a moving picture camera.
I am one of the rarest of women, in that I am a great admirer of my husband. He seems able to grasp all sorts of innovative concepts. There is very little in this Edwardian age that he does not understand. Not just science but so many other areas of intellectual life. His range of reading material is wide, stretching from novels to philosophy.
Clive has never been one to follow a doctrine or ideology slavishly. He prefers to garner the facts, consider them carefully and then form his own opinion. Once formed he will share that opinion but never in a way that belittles the opinion of others.
His religion, if he has one, is logic.
This can sometimes become his Achilles Heel. As an admiring and dutiful wife, I wouldn't dream of contradicting my husband. This said, if I ever desire to lead him in any particular direction, I need only to point out the logic to that course of travel.
The new project of Mr Clive Fox, photographer, has proven to be quite expensive. Firstly, he travelled to Rupert Street in London. There he purchased a Bioscope Cinematographic Camera at a cost of forty-five pounds. Evidently, these cameras are manufactured in Brighton but you cannot buy them directly from there. Clive was not concerned, he was confident that Sir Gordon would commission him to produce erotic motion pictures and would pay handsomely for them.
This was only the start of it. Clive's photographic studio was solely designed to produce prints from photographic plates. The moving picture camera uses 35mm film. This requires a different set of equipment which costs even more money. The film wasn't cheap either. Still not to worry, Sir Gordon could afford it.
As soon as it was delivered, Clive took the camera down to the harbour. He wanted to film 'The Success', a ship that had taken so many convicts to Australia but which now was just a tourist attraction. The camera caused quite a stir. Fishermen, school children, matronly ladies and policemen contrived to walk nonchalantly back and forth in front of the camera while Clive turned the crank at a constant speed. Evidently, it doesn't really matter much at what speed as long as it's steady. It was all new to me but Clive very patiently explained the details whenever I enquired.
Since then, he has produced some delightful presentations of outdoor scenes of Weymouth in Winter. The absence of bright sunlight was no obstacle, for just as with a plate camera the aperture can be adjusted to let in more light.
The problem occurred when Clive tried to capture moving pictures in his photographic studio. Normally, the Lionel Lamps would flare briefly creating sufficient light for a single exposure of the plate camera. No amount of electric lighting could generate enough illumination for the Bioscope Cinematographic Camera.
Not to worry, a conservatory-like structure was built at the back of the studio. It sounded simple, it sounded inexpensive. Unfortunately, for its intended purposes it had not only to allow light in but it needed to prevent people from overlooking proceedings as well. More expense. It was a good job that Sir Gordon was made of money.
Finally, I watched as Clive steadily cranked the handle and Vera pretended that she was preparing to take a bath. We were in the Erotic Motion Picture Business at last.
..................................................................
"You know Mr Turner, he has the penny arcade on the front?" enquired Freddy.
Freddy is the Concierge at The Gloucester Hotel as well as the occasional pornographic photographic model. He first introduced us to Vera, barmaid, and female counterpart to Freddy.
"I certainly do, he has made a living from separating fools from their money," replied Clive, who wasn't overly fond of Albert Turner.
"Well, he has imported some of what the Americans call Mutoscopes. You puts your penny in and turns the handle. You gets to watch a young lady dancing about in her undies. Just when it gets interesting, the light goes out and you has to put another penny in to see what 'appens next. Which is not much," explained Freddy.
Clive tutted, "That sounds like Albert Turner."
"Mr Turner says that we English won't go for a stupid name like Mutoscope so he's calling them 'Peep Show Machines'.
"He also says that the stuff that the Americans supply is alright for his arcades because nothing actually happens.
"You won't know this and I didn't tell you, but he also supplies various gaming machines to certain sorts of Gentlemen's Clubs. He thinks that his Peep Show Machines would go down a storm: if he could get the right material to go in them," said Freddy.
He layed out several small photographs on the table in front of Clive and I. They looked like smaller versions of the erotic photos that the French photographer had produced. Saucy but not sensational.
He asked Clive, "Do you think that you could print this sort of thing from the moving pictures that you take?"
"I don't see why not."
"If you can produce a full set of these cards from the film that you took of Vera getting ready for bed and fingering herself I could show them to Mr Turner."
"Freddy, you are a genius!" I exclaimed.
Clive added, "It would not only give us a source of income until Sir Gordon comes back in the Summer but it would also provide some practice material."
Clive seemed to have forgotten his dislike of Albert Turner.
"Would a week give you enough time to produce the first batch?" asked Freddy.
"Yes, I think so," confirmed Clive.
................................................................................
"Yes, Mr Fox, excellent work but the young lady got to the point rather quickly. What it needs is a show that makes the gent put another coin in the slot, and then another after that," declared Albert Turner.
He was standing in the shop. At Clive's insistence, I was hiding behind the office door. He didn't want Mr Turner knowing that I had any part in that side of the business.
"Another thing was that the plot was a little standard. What the discerning gentleman wants to see is 'the unusual'. Something that intrigues him. Something that makes him wonder what she will do next.
"Do you think that you could do that?" asked Turner.
Every pore in Clive's body wanted to tell the man to leave quickly, I'm sure. But he was a realist. He knew that we needed some income to keep us afloat until Sir Gordon returned.
"Pay me what you owe me for the set that you've already had. I will produce a different creation. If you like that, we can talk about money and discuss future presentations," said Clive, calmly.
When we were alone, I enquired of Clive, "What do you have in mind for 'the unusual'?"
"I don't have the faintest idea. I'm far more practical than artistic. You've always been the creative one. Can't you think of anything?"
I thought for a moment and then said, "Well, I do have a germ of an idea. Let me talk it over with Vera. I may need Freddy's help too."
.......................................................................
The Concierge of a luxury hotel is a uniquely gifted individual. He has to be all things to all men, and sometimes all women. No requests must be beyond him, no task too difficult. The words 'I am afraid not' should never leave his lips.
It is my belief that Vera has a similar philosophy.
Freddy knew people, manifold people. People in high places and people in low places. In his work that was essential because he never knew what unique goods or services a guest may request at any time of the day or night.
I was amazed. I had reeled off the list of props that I required and he didn't bat an eyelid. One of them, in particular, needed the work of a skilled yet discrete craftsman.
"No bother, I know someone," said Freddy.
Ten days later and the scene was set. Clive had the camera in position. It rather reminded me of a wooden suitcase with brass fittings on top of a tripod.
Vera looked remarkably convincing in her riding habit. The jacket of bottle green woolen material with its nipped waist and leg of mutton sleeves, flowing skirt and white shirt showing at the neck and cuffs made her look as if she rode to hounds on a regular basis. It was finished off with a black top hat with veil, riding boots and crop.
As I had instructed, she strode up to the horse slowly. Not a real horse you understand, but a vaulting horse. The type that you find in gymnasia. Freddy had provided this and had arranged for one of the pommels to be removed.
Vera slapped her riding crop down hard onto the saddle loudly. Rather wasted, I thought, on a silent film.
The especially modified man's saddle was secured with the girth underneath the horse.
Slowly, very slowly, Vera unbuttoned the jacket. All the while twisting and turning to add to the tension.
She removed it in a leisurely fashion and discarded the jacket on the floor.
Another coin in the slot, I thought.
Vera unfastened a collar button.
"Now wait," I shouted, knowing that only she and Clive could hear my directions.
It felt a little unnecessary as Vera had divested herself of her clothing frequently enough at The Crown while paying customers watched through a spyhole. She knew about making them salivate.
She undid one more button of the shirt, waited and then performed the same action again. And then again, in no hurry.
Very deliberately she removed the shirt to reveal her corset. It joined the jacket on the floor.
Another coin in the slot, possibly.
She strode left and then right making the skirt drag faithfully behind her. Another slap of the crop in the saddle.
Vera released the waistband of her riding skirt but did not let it fall. She looked up as if thinking of something or someone. She rested the handle of the crop against her painted lips. Tapped the lower one twice as if commanding her lips to part. This they did and she pushed the handle softly between them.
Another coin, no doubt.
Vera pulled the leather bound grip outward. It now had a fine coating of saliva upon it.
She repeated the in and out action penetrating slightly further this time. When the handle withdrew it glistened.
Once again Vera repeated the motion, this time simultaneously allowing the skirt to lower slightly.
I told her that she should increase the pace slightly, Mr Turner's customers deserved some reward for all their coins. Vera allowed her habit train to fall to the floor and she stepped out of it. Untying her open drawers she lowered them by feeding one of the ribbons gently through her hand.
Vera stood in just her riding corset, stockings and riding boots. The top hat with its veil was still perched upon her head.
Without any instruction from me, she turned her back to the camera and bent slowly forward giving the impression that her boot laces needed some attention. This gave Clive, the camera and myself an excellent view of her plump rounded bottom and the meerest glimpse of the vagina hiding within the gap below her buttocks. It was obviously a trick she had developed in her work at the Crown.
In my head I could hear another coin enter an altogether different slot. Clink!
Standing back up, Vera put her foot in the first step of the mounting block that was positioned next to the vaulting horse.
She paused before taking the next step up. And then another pause and another step. To aid her balance Vere placed a hand on the remaining pommel.
Standing alongside the saddle she stroked the huge dark brown leather penis that the saddler had so skillfully attached to the centre of the saddle. Her hand drifted downwards to caress its large leather testicles.
Freddy had assured me that this was by no means the most bizzare item that the craftsman had produced for one of the hotel's guests.
Vera allowed her hand to drift upwards again as she enclosed the big head with the palm of her hand. She simultaneously gripped the pommel and the penis as she lifted one boot into a stirrup.
One, two, three little bounces and Vera raised herself upwards and swung her free leg over the saddle and placed the boot into the far stirrup. There she remained, fully upright, magnificent like the Queen of the Iceni.
Gracefully and slowly Vera lowered herself. As the dome of the leather penis nudged against her intimate parts she regained her grip on the pommel.
Vera was becoming the Empress of the expectant pause. Creating that electric tension that would make a man frantically search for any remaining coins in his pocket.
She inched onto the phallus and the phallus inched into her.
Finally, she could lower herself no more. I could only imagine what it felt like to have all nine inches or so deep inside you and the hard leather testicles crushed against your clitoris.
Unfortunately, that was just what I was imagining.
I made no pretence at directing the production. Vera didn't need my input.
Fortunately, I was standing a little behind Clive so he wasn't aware that I was quivering. Like a true professional, he carried on cranking at a slow steady rate. He was employing the minimum revolutions per minute in order to reduce the number of photographic cards that had to be produced. Although it wasn't necessary to make a flick card from every frame to give the impression of movement.
Vera pushed with her legs and raised herself up a little. If I had to guess I would say about eight inches. She steadied herself and then lowered herself again.
And again.
And again, into what equestrian people would call a trot.
She increased her pace. Up and down, up and hard down. On each drop, her nipples made a bid for freedom and at last they appeared above her corset.
Faster now. And faster. Into a canter. Taking with force every inch of the artificial stallion.
Before Vera could break into the full gallop, Clive called out, "Don't finish too quickly, remember the coins."
"Fuck the coins!" screamed Vera, as she shuddered and slumped forward. She pushed herself back upright. This time there was no rise and fall, just jelly-like legs trying to maintain what little movement they could.
"Cut!" shouted Clive as he pulled out the button that punches a hole in the film to mark it as a viable take.
Fearing that Vera may have trouble dismounting, I went to her assistance.
...............................................................
As the final images flickered on the make-shift screen and the old hand-cranked projector that Clive had modified, spat out the end of the film, Mr Turner declared, "Excellent work Mr Fox. Just the perfect pace with enough anticipation to entice the viewer to invest another Florin at each stage.
"Can you produce ten copies on the Mutoscope cards."
From the seclusion of the office I heard Clive confirm that he could. There followed an earnest discussion in which Mr Turner tried to pay a ridiculously low price. Clive gave the impression that he had several alternative buyers. Mr Turner unsuccessfully suggested that it was a matter of total indifference to him. Clive thanked him but said he would take the product elsewhere. Common sense prevailed and a mutually acceptable price was agreed. It was better than I had hoped for.
Clive made it very clear that he would retain total ownership of the original film and that the cards were not to be reproduced.
Mr Turner confirmed that he would purchase any future output without the need to see it first.
.......................................
The New Year progressed and just the faintest prospect of Spring was in the air.
Without applying any pressure, Clive suggested that I may wish to give some thought to another unusual film production. The money from Albert Turner had eased our financial problems. If we could sell him just one more, that would carry us through to Sir Gordon's return. He would surely provide more than enough cash to make up for all the expense of purchasing the moving picture equipment. We would have examples of our work to show him and he would surely wish to commission projects to his own taste.
........................................................
I'm certain that you have all had experience of trying to think of an original idea while being told that there is no pressure. The pressure is immense.
Every time that I outlined a scenario to Clive, that I thought was exciting, he thought that it was exciting too. It resulted in some fevered love-making between us.
Unfortunately, once the passion had passed and we considered the practicalities of film production they were usually deemed unworkable.
At last, I came up with a plot that involved Vera and Freddy. It had him playing the role of a balloon seller. Every time he attached one of them to an item of Vera's clothing it drifted away, slowly undressing her. Finally, Freddy made Vera hold his bunch of balloons. Because she was afraid to let go of them, he was able to take advantage of her in various ways.
It involved me manoeuvring a complex web of strings that passed over a rafter in the studio.
I thought that the whole thing was entirely implausible and slightly French but Mr Turner loved it, particularly as it had the 'put another Florin in the machine' appeal.
The revenue couldn't have come soon enough. Money was getting tight.
.........................................................
Easter Monday, the Fourth of April and Weymouth put on her best clothes again. Train after train pulled into the Railway Station, each one full of happy people eager to spend the day and their money at the seaside. Easter Monday has always marked the start of the Summer Season.
The town was full but it made little difference to our seaside photographer. Day Trippers would not spend their precious time and cash having their portraits taken. His business was geared to the longer staying guests like Sir Gordon and Lady Tara.
.........................................................
A hand written invitation was delivered to the studio. Would Mrs Fox care to join Lady Cynthia for afternoon tea at The Gloucester Hotel?
"How are you my dear? So lovely to see you again," said her ladyship, brightly.
We both exchanged pleasantries regarding how we had spent the Winter, the health of our husbands and all manner of light chitchat.
They do a lovely afternoon tea at the Gloucester.
Finally I asked the one question that I was burning to know the answers to, "Have you seen anything of Tara and Sir Gordon yet?"
"Oh, haven't you heard, the old fool went down with Glandular Fever at Christmas?" said Lady Cynthia.
"Sir Gordon is dead?" I blurted out.
"Oh no, but he was pretty bad for a while. He is on the mend now but Tara doesn't believe that they will be able to get to Weymouth before July.
"Forgive me, I didn't think, Mr Fox was probably looking forward to future commissions from Sir Gordon," apologised her ladyship.
"Well yes, but I didn't know that you were aware of their arrangement."
"I wasn't foolish enough to think that I would be the only one to take her clothes off in front of Mr Fox's lens. Besides, Tara and I are very close, she has shown me all of the erotic photographs that Sir Gordon purchased."
"Oh!" I said, colouring slightly.
"Don't be embarrassed, I'm not. You are very photogenic, my dear.
"As it happens, I may be able to help Mr Fox in the interim period," said Lady Cynthia.
"In what way?" I enquired, intrigued.
"Claud and I have a little difficulty that you and Mr Fox may be able to solve."
"Is Sir Claud failing to verbally abuse you in the bedroom?" I asked, recalling a previous problem that we had helped with.
"No, he has become quite the master at that. Although, it is my belief that Claud has been taking lessons from an Able Seaman and a Sergeant Major in the Royal Horse Artillery. I revel in his newly acquired vocabulary.
"It's just that Frederick informs me that Mr Fox has gone into the moving picture business, is that so?"
"Why yes, but how can he help you?" I enquired, wondering where this was leading.
"As you may know, Claud is a member of a very exclusive Gentlemen's Club.
"Well, the other evening they had a private showing of a French Erotic Film, by all accounts it was very tame.
"Afterwards, Claud and Snuffy Willis became embroiled in an earnest discussion in which they both claimed that they could produce a more thrilling motion picture.
"As you know, well-off gentlemen will bet on almost anything."
"Not just well-off ones," I interjected.
"Quite, but it is only a matter of two hundred pounds so it is not the money that is important," she said.
I couldn't help thinking that two hundred pounds would be important to me.
"If you don't mind me asking, if the money is not important why does Sir Claud mind losing it?"
"It's not that he minds losing, in fact it never usually bothers him. It is the fact that he would be losing to Snuffy Willis. They were at Eton together and there is a bit of history between them," clarified Lady Cynthia.
Suddenly things clicked into place. "Oh, I think I understand, Sir Claud proposes to write and direct an erotic film and he wishes Clive to produce it."
"Good grief no! I love the man dearly but he has no artistic tendency. What I am proposing is that, with your help, I write and direct such a film. At school, I did some amateur dramatics so I believe I could be quite good at it.
"I want to base it on a book that I have been reading," she informed me.
"Can I ask which book?"
"It is 'Travels in West Africa by Mary Kingsley'. Not the whole book you understand, just a little incident in which Miss Kingsley gets pestered," she laughed.
"I don't see why not. I don't think that Clive's ego would suffer as he's only interested in the mechanics."
.............................................................................
Over the next week or so we met each afternoon in the Alexandra Gardens. I believe that Lady Cynthia got a thrill from talking about pornography while strangers promenaded close by. She explained what she had in mind and how she proposed to execute her plan.
The Alexandra Gardens are lovely. When the first concerts are performed on the bandstand one knows that Summer has truly arrived.
Once, as we strolled and talked about costumes etc, I had to go to the rescue of a Nun.
The unfortunate Sister was frantically trying to swat a wasp away from her ice-cream cone. I managed to dissuade it with my parasol.
She was grateful for my assistance explaining, "I know it's naughty of me but I've been dreaming of a cornet for about a month and today I finally gave in to temptation. I know that Father Thomas will be very disapproving when I go to confession.
"I really don't mind. I am the bride of Christ, he will always absolve me."
We all have our weaknesses, I suppose, hers was ice-cream.
....................................................................
Talking about the production was easy, turning it into something viable was a little more difficult. One of our old photographic backdrops had to be repainted to resemble an African jungle. Once the chaise longue had had various cushions randomly placed upon it and was covered with a grey blanket it looked just like a large rock.
Angel's, the theatrical costumiers, were making the outfits.
Finally, the appointed day dawned with ample sunlight to give the impression of an equatorial morning. Filming was due to commence at noon.
Clive checked the camera. Then he checked it again. It was to remain fixed upon the painted backdrop to maintain the illusion of a tropical location.
A little after eleven o'clock Vera strolled into the shop. "Good morning Mr Fox, Mrs Fox," she said cheerily.
"Good morning Vera, you are keen. Are you ready for your starring role?" Clive asked.
Vera bit her lip slightly and replied, "I was very much looking forward to it but there has been a development. I have received a proposal of marriage."
"Oh, how lovely. Who is the lucky man?" I squealed. I love a wedding.
"It's Mr Hanson, the landlord at the Crown where I work. I never knew that he had feelings for me but he confessed his love last night. We are to be wed in October when the season is over."
My first concerns were of a romantic nature. Mr Hanson is nearly sixty.
Clive's concerns were more practical, he asked, "You will still be able to make today's film, won't you?"
Vera replied, "Mr Hanson is of a very upright and moral disposition and he is adamant that he doesn't want anyone else fucking me until after we are married. Sweet man.
"I am afraid that I won't be able to do it. I'm sorry, I must dash, Mr Hanson is taking me to buy a ring."
With that she was gone.
For a moment Clive and I stood in silence then he said, "I must telephone Lady Cynthia and tell her that the filming is off."
.................................................................
"No Mr Fox, that is simply not possible. The film is due to be shown in a week's time.
Cancelling its production now is not an option," said Lady Cynthia with authority.
Clive and I were seated close together so that I could hear both ends of the conversation.
"Without a leading lady I fail to see how we can continue, your Ladyship," he countered.
"I should think that that is obvious, Mrs Fox will have to step in. You have no choice."
Clive was dumbstruck for a moment but then he replied, "I am not sure that we would be comfortable with that."
"Correct me if I am mistaken, Mr Fox, but have I not seen photographic evidence that Frederick has been up to his balls in Mrs Fox before?
"Well yes, but............"
"And does the same photograph not clearly show that he has ejectulated in her?"
"That is true, but..........................."
"Then I fail to comprehend why you should object to it happening one more time, given the circumstances. Any other decision would be totally illogical, Mr Fox. Do you not agree?" argued Lady Cynthia.
"There may be something in what you say but I would need to talk to my wi..."
"No Mr Fox, I will speak to her. Kindly put her on the telephone.
"Hello my dear, I am sorry to be so forceful but it is imperative that we produce this film on time.
"Now tell me, when Frederick penetrated you was it painful or unpleasant?" she said.
"Well no, I can't honestly say that it was," I answered.
"If he were to fuck you one more time would it distress you at all?"
"Well no, I don't suppose that it would."
"Then tell Mr Fox that you are standing in for Vera."
I looked at Clive. He nodded his head gently.
"I believe that he has come to agree with your logic, m'lady."
"Good, we will see you just before noon.
"Oh and Mrs Fox, thank you, " Lady Cynthia said as she replaced the receiver on the hotel telephone.
A few seconds passed before I asked Clive, "And how do you really feel about it?"
"To tell you the truth, I find the prospect quite exciting. Is that wrong of me?"
"Thank goodness. If it was only me that was moved in that way I should have felt so guilty," I said.
"My only issue is that I am not sure how I will be able to crank the camera at a steady pace while I am feeling so aroused," remarked Clive.
"It may be advantageous if we both take edge of our lust," I suggested, turning, lifting my skirt and bracing myself against the desk."
He dropped his trousers and pushed his penis against the crack of my bottom. I believe that he was simply demonstrating how throbbing and stiff it was.
Clive said, "I must admit that since the accident with the police constable, I have occasionally wondered how I would have felt if Freddy had spent longer in you."
"Until today, I hadn't given it any consideration," I lied.
Clive slipped into me easily.
He gripped my hips and pumped for all his worth. He didn't last long. I didn't want longevity, passion was exactly what I desired in this instance.
Just as he ejectulated, the shop door bell clattered. In our haste we had forgotten to lock it. Clive jumped backwards and pulled his trousers into place. I dropped my skirt.
As we left the office Freddy said cheerily, "Morning Guvnor, morning Mrs Fox, nice day for it."
We both greeted him. Neither of us thought that we needed to inform him of the change of cast just yet.
A little before noon, the shop door crashed open nearly dislodging the bell. Sir Claud backed in carrying two picnic hampers. He was followed by Lady Cynthia, looking regal as ever.
"Steady Claud, don't break anything.
"Good day Mr Fox, Mrs Fox, Good day Frederick.
"Is everything ready?" she asked.
Freddy answered, "As usual, that saucy minx Vera is late and we can't really start without her."
"Ah Frederick, Vera is no longer available so there has been a last minute change of 'Dramatis Personae', I am afraid," advised Lady Cynthia.
"Will you be standing in for her, your ladyship?", enquired Freddy, more in hope than expectation.
Lady Cynthia swallowed hard, "Believe me, I did seriously consider it but it would not be fitting in this situation.
"May I remind you, Frederick, that while this enterprise requires a flexing of the social norms, you should not stretch the class boundaries too far.'
"Yes, sorry m'lady," mumbled Freddy, slightly crestfallen.
Crestfallen was not what her ladyship required of Freddy so she told him, "Mrs Fox has kindly agreed to deputise for Vera."
"Holly fuck!" exclaimed the young man.
"Quite so," said Lady Cynthia, "now take your costume into the store cupboard and change. I will assist Mrs Fox with hers in the darkroom."
Given what was about to transpire, I couldn't quite see the need for separate changing facilities but as her ladyship had pointed out the class boundaries had to be respected so it was probably correct.
A quarter of an hour later and everyone was in place. I was off screen to the left and Freddy was hiding. Clive was behind the camera with Lady Cynthia seated alongside him.
"Where should I be?" asked Sir Claud.
"Sit over there and don't say a word," suggested his wife, at least I presumed it was a suggestion.
"Now Mr Fox, what should I say when I wish you to start filming and the performance to start?"
"I believe that the professionals shout ACTION!, m'lady," said Clive.
"As you are always professional, that is what I shall say.
"Now into position everyone. Good Luck and ACTION!" shouted our director.
Clive started to crank the handle. I took two deep breaths and strolled into shot.
I put my field glasses to my eyes and looked around just as an intrepid female explorer would. Angel's had supplied me with a long skirt in a fetching shade of dust, a shirt of a similar hue and knee length boots and a belt in tan leather. The whole ensemble was topped off by a fawn sola topi and veil.
Walking the length of the chaise longue, sorry I mean rock, I turned and walked back again. All the time giving the impression that I was experiencing Africa for the first time.
"Now Frederick!" called her ladyship.
Freddy charged out from behind the rock, shrieking and going, "Ooooooo. Ooooooo. Oooooooooo."
Completely unnecessary on a silent film, I thought. I was supposed to pretend to be startled. The pretence wasn't called for, so loud was he that I was genuinely frightened.
Just as ordered, Angel's had made an excellent job of Freddy's suit of fur. It even had a long furry tail. The head was very realistic too. I wouldn't have known that it was Freddy had it not been for the vent that allowed his testicles and penis to hang out.
In its semi-erect state, everytime he swung his arms his penis and tail swung also.
"Eeeeeeeeek, eeeeeeeeek, eeeeeeeeek. Oooooooo, Ooooooo, oooooooo. Aaaaaaah, aaaaaaah, aaaaaaah!" he screeched loudly.
He ran around and around me, leaping and swinging as he went.
"Right Frederick, tease Mrs Fox and steal her field glasses."
He did just that, he ran behind me, bumped my backside and as I turned around he pulled the glasses from my grip.
Freddy ran behind the rock and peered over the top. When I went left, he went right and when I went right he went left.
"Now offer them to her, you know what to do," cried her ladyship.
He cavorted from his cover and made out he was returning my property. As I reached to take them, Freddy pulled my skirt right off and ran behind the rock with both items.
The whole left, right, right, left fiasco started again.
As I tried to look over the obstacle, Freddy ran an exaggerated circle between me and the camera, pulling off my shirt as he passed. Angel's had carefully constructed my clothing so that it appeared substantial yet could be ripped off easily.
I turned to face the front and put my hands on my hips in exasperation. There I stood in my corset and open drawers with the boots, belt and sola topi still in place.
"Freddy, return the glasses just as I told you," came the instruction.
He stole out from his hiding place and dropped the field glasses and then went back out of sight.
I cautiously walked towards them, looked around and bent over to retrieve the glasses. Freddy dashed from behind the other end of the rock, dropped to his knees and thrust his artificial monkey nose right into my private parts.
Frantically, I tried to smack him on the side of his head with the palm of my right hand. He fell backwards taking my drawers with him. I ran toward the thief, intent on clouting him hard.
Freddy didn't wait. He was off with the stolen underwear.
"Right come out from the other end and pester Mrs Fox."
He skipped around me and tried to grasp the field glasses. I stretched my arm up high to get them out of his reach. As I did so a large brown right nipple popped over the top of my corset. Freddy put his furry glove on it. I tried to swat him away rather like the Nun defending her ice-cream cornet.
The naughty boy ran behind me shrieking and trying to pull at my corset.
"That's it, you both know what to do next," directed Lady Cynthia.
I spun around hoping to inflict a hit upon his genitals. As I turned, I lost my balance and Freddy wrestled me to the ground. He pounced on the field glasses and made off with them.
Acting dazed, I crawled about on all fours ensuring that I showed my rear end to Lady Cynthia, Sir Claud, Clive and the camera. As I turned sideways to them. Freddy bounced out from behind the rock, his now fully erect penis swinging before him.
He nearly fell over me in his haste.
"Stay on your feet, squat down and enter Mrs Fox, that's it!" called the director.
Previously, I had dropped onto Freddy at speed. This time he slipped into me at a more controlled pace.
"Eeeeeeeeek, eeeeeeeeek, eeeeeeeeek," he cried.
I couldn't agree with him more. As her ladyship had so poetically put it, Freddy had been up to his balls in me before but this was premeditated. He was reaching an area where I'd rarely been touched.
He latched onto the leather explorer's belt and began to thrust forcefully.
Sir Claud shouted, "Go on, monkey fuck her!"
"Be quiet Claud, that's not very helpful.
"Yes, yes. Monkey fuck her," encouraged Lady Cynthia.
"Yes!" shouted Clive, a little to my surprise.
"Ooooooo, ooooooooo, oooooooo. Aaaaaaah, aaaaaaah, aaaaaaah!" cried Freddy.
My sentiments entirely.
Crouched as he was, the whole experience was so primitive. As Freddy slammed into me, his fur stroking my buttocks each time, I suddenly wondered what the camera was seeing? What Cynthia was seeing, what was being presented to Sir Claud and Clive? I was on all fours with what appeared to be a large simian fucking me from behind, his huge cock ramming into my cunt. Oh God, I never use that sort of language! I must have presented an image of the grossest indecency.
A shuddering orgasm followed the thought. It travelled up towards my sola topi and down to my boots.
Freddy felt it, he couldn't fail to feel it. He redoubled his effort, savouring the contractions.
Then he let himself go. "Eeeeeeeeek! Eeeeeeeeek! Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!" he screamed as he ejectulated.
"Good man, monkey spunk her!" erged Sir Claude.
Lady Cynthia agreed, "Yes, yes!"
Clive let out a low animal groan.
I fell forward onto my face and lay there quivering. Freddy crouched over me and allowed the last of his semen to dribble on to my buttocks and corset.
Then he stumbled off behind the rock, glistening penis and furry tail swinging.
"CUT or Whatever they say!" shouted Lady Cynthia.
.......................................................
"Hello. Weymouth 471."
"Hello," replied Clive.
He had suggested that I didn't wait up but I knew that I would not sleep unless he telephoned. Clive had travelled up to London to ensure that the projector was cranked at precisely the correct speed; at least that was what he had told Sir Claud.
"How did the presentation go?" I asked.
"Very well but we should be guarded about what we say." This was a phrase meant to discourage eavesdropping telephonists but in my experience it usually had the opposite effect.
"Yes, of course. Were there many gentlemen there to witness the showing and did they like it?" I asked.
"A dozen or so. It received rapturous applause at the end. Sir Claud was the hero of the hour."
"And was the competitor well received?"
"Mr Willis declined to show his, he said it was not worthy to be seen. He wrote a cheque out to cash straight away. I have it here.
"How did you feel about it, my dear?" I enquired.
"I have never been so excited and proud in my whole life. To see someone so close to my heart appreciated by so many. Can you imagine it?"
I pushed a hand under my night dress and pulled on a nipple.
"Oh yes, I am imagining it as we speak."
"I believe that the gentlemen may all be reviewing the spectacle at this very second."
"Do you think so?" I asked.
"I suspect that they are all drawing their own conclusions right now."
"You may well be right. Do I have your permission to come to a natural conclusion of my own?" I begged.
"I would be disappointed if you did anything else," encouraged Clive.
My hand made its way over my pubic hair to my vulva and two fingers slid into the crevasse. Brushing briefing over my clitoris before extracting a little lubrication from my vagina, they returned to the sensitive nub. My fingers stroked left and right, once or twice and then spread to stretch my labia. I kept the tension on for a few seconds before rubbing my clitoris again.
The thought of so many gentlemen masterbating while they remembered me being lewd drove me over the edge. Every fibre vibrated as I orgasmed.
"Are you still there, Clive?" I asked.
"Oh yes, my love."
"I have come to a satisfactory conclusion," I informed him.
"Yes, I heard. I am so glad."
As a Nun once told me, nothing is a sin if your husband absolves you.
.................................................
AUTHOR'S NOTES
This is a work of Historical Fantasy and no fictional creatures were harmed during the making of the costumes.
The entreaty to 'break a leg' was not recorded in a theatrical context until 1921, hence Lady Cynthia's call of 'good luck'.
I am not sure if Nuns were allowed to eat Ice-cream at this date but, if so, would a plant-based alternative have been less of a sin. As this was not available, the good sister should not be judged too harshly.
Please don't think that I, in any way, condone the sending of convicts to Australia and I certainly don't condone Australia's blatant retaliation of sending back Fosters Lager, Vegemite and Rolf Harris.