Magician 04: Apprentice
He's a Ventriloquist, but she's no dummy
I'm one of the invisible people. You know, handicapped. I'm paralyzed from the waist down. Yeah, that sucks, but over the years, I've learned to deal with it. Now, I'm back in rehab because of another car accident. At least I was parked this time, so the paperwork wasn't as bad. Funny things happen in parking lots.
I am currently living at the rehab place, as I need a lot of work, and getting my replacement van and wheelchair is taking a while. At least it is all paid for by my insurance. The other driver's got problems, as the cops learned his blood alcohol was way too high. The insurance company was all, "Yes, ma'am," and, "Of course, Miss Helen." They knew he was in the wrong, and smelled big money. I don't blame them, but sometimes, I think they forget I can hear them when they talk to each other.
I don't know when I first noticed, but I've been able to overhear quite a lot I shouldn't be able to. I don't know if I have super hearing, or what, but little escapes me. Maybe that's why I heard about a therapist at the center, Jack. He does a weekend magic show for the kids. Not much, but the kids enjoy it. The center of his act is when he has a scene with his dummy. You see, he is a ventriloquist. At least, when he is not not being a therapist. The kids love the act, because he could make the dummy so lifelike. And they were always fooled into thinking the dummy actually speaks.
But I heard the rumors. Some of the old-timers said things about him, and how unnatural his act was. The dummy moved in ways that it shouldn't be able to. They would stop talking if someone else showed up, but somehow, they never noticed me.
Well, I had been there two months, when I was informed that my current therapist found work elsewhere, for more money. They needed to assign another to me. Well, I had seen Jack's show a few times by now, and even talked to him. I thought he was nice, kind of cute, and so I asked if he could be my therapist. Turned out, I got my wish. I would see him three times a week, for two hours at a time. He was always kind, and I could see he looked down my shirt whenever he thought he could get away with it. I also had a lesser workout, where I had a safety watcher, but it was otherwise on my own.
Since I worked from home four out of five days, I had little reason to get dressed up every day. So I was in the habit of comfortable clothes. I didn't bother with shoes, as they were a pain to get on, and no one would know. I usually wore a wraparound skirt that went to the knees, but I didn't bother with underwear. This avoided pulling clothes up my legs. Fortunately, I could work half days here, with a phone, a headset, and a tablet. Still, it was tiring, what with all the other rehab work I had to do. Yet, I could see the rehab was improving me all the time.
I also didn't wear a bra. I found it to be more bother than it was worth. Sitting all day long, my tits didn't bother me, even though they were above average size. Sometimes, I would need to video conference, but that only needed me to look nice from the waist up. Company policy was a white shirt, and I had no problem with that, but in good lighting, you could see the coloration of my nipples through the shirt. At home, the light was dim enough, that they never showed, so I never worried. Here, where it is brighter, with the work shirts my brother grabbed, it was a small problem. While I could be offended, I actually liked the attention. So much so, that at night, I would play with my nipples under the covers, and sometimes come.
In addition to not bothering with underwear, I only wore a top to sleep. I had tried pajamas, but they were difficult to put on, and just got all caught up in the covers. I even tried sleeping in a skirt, but that was worse. Eventually, I settled on a sexy teddy. Now it was an old one, small and worn, since I had had it for years. It barely covered my breasts. You could clearly see the shape of my nipples, and when the room lights were on, it was kind of translucent. This way, I could sit up in bed, and be decent, as long as I kept the covers on and the lights low. That's how I spent my nights here, since the only people that might see me exposed were female medical personnel when they helped me dress and undress.
Well, one day, I was watching Jack do his act for the kids. I was to the side, so I was able to see what he did with his hands in the back of the dummy. I don't know why, but today I really wanted to understand how he brought the dummy to life. But try as I might, his hand was in the wrong place, or too many things were happening to the dummy at once. It seemed impossible. So, after the show, instead of wheeling myself back to the common area, I stayed and watched him pack up. That's when I saw his secret, or rather, that he had a secret. Because what I saw was a nearly solid back on the dummy under its shirt. There was no place for his hand to go inside and control it, only a pair of finger holes.
So I quietly rolled up to him, and cleared my throat. Jack jumped, startled, turned around, and said, "Ack, I didn't see you there."
"I can tell."
"What can I do for you, Helen."
"Well, Jack, I was watching your act from the side, and thought it was great. There's just one problem."
"Oh? Did I offend you, or make a mistake?"
"Mistake, maybe. Something strange, definitely. You see, just now I saw you put the dummy away, and saw its back. There's no place to put your hand."
He looked anxious, and finally asked, "You won't tell anyone, will you?"
"I have no reason to, but it seems rather odd, don't you think?"
"Well, while I can do it the traditional way, I found some years ago, that I could place my hand in the center of the back, and will the action I wanted through my hand. It took a few months to perfect it, and learn how to hide it, but apparently, I need more work on the latter."
"Perhaps I can help."
"How so?"
"You can practice, with me watching. I can give you pointers, where I see you not fully hiding your 'talent'." I used my fingers to air quote the last word.
"Maybe so."
Over the next month, after my therapy session, while I recovered my breath, I watched him with the dummy. I watched critically, and advised him where he slipped up. Soon, he was doing a lot better, but we realized he was still too vulnerable to the back or side. So he agreed that it would be best to not have people to the side or behind him, if he could help it.
One day, after a particularly hard new exercise, I said in my frustration, "Why not just stick your hand up the back of my shirt and make my body do the exercise?"
I was too angry with myself to see the confused look on his face. I also missed the thoughtful look. I didn't even realize what he was about to do, until I felt him pull the back of my shirt up. "Huh?"
He didn't say anything, but slipped his hand up my shirt, and I could feel him spread his fingers. Then, suddenly, I felt something below the waist, even as my right arm was starting to do the exercise. It didn't do it very well, but as I sputtered, he tried again. I calmed down, as I realized what he was trying, so I focused on doing it with him. I could almost hear his encouragement. His hand got the exercise to work a lot better, but the tingling in my lower right leg was distracting me.
After at least a dozen tries, I finally did the exercise. I thought I heard him say something, but I didn't quite catch it. That's when he pulled his hand back out. Just then, the feeling left my lower body.
"Um, Jack?"
"Yes?"
"When you did that... whatever, something happened."
"Yeah, I saw."
"No, not that, or rather, not just that. Something else."
"What do you mean?"
"For a brief while, I could feel my legs."
"WHAT?"
"Yeah, I felt a tingling on my lower right leg. Somehow, whatever you do, it seems to affect my nervous system."
"I never expected that."
"I wonder, could you make me stand up?"
"I don't know. It might be dangerous. What if you fall? I don't know that I could keep you from hurting yourself, and explaining it would be even harder."
"I see your point. What do you think we could do, to try?"
"I don't know, but what say we think about it? Come back to it in a few days?"
"Yeah, let's."
The next few days I was so distracted by the possibility, that my boss asked if I was okay. I just told him I was having trouble at therapy, with a new exercise that was giving me headaches. He suggested I take some vacation, perhaps work every other half-day, so I could focus better. I did as suggested, and my work improved, since I had more time to get it done.
Finally, I came to a decision. During the next rehab session, I said, "Jack, I've made a decision. I want to try and walk, with your help."
"That's a risky decision, Helen. Are you sure?"
"Yes. I want you to come to my room after I am in bed. Then we can have privacy, and the bed is an easy place to catch a fall safely."
"Well, there is that. Can you ask for a fall mat, just in case?"
"Sure. What day?"
"I'm here late on Thursday, so that would work."
"Yes! I'll expect you then."
We then focused on the rehab, and at times, he would place his hand on my back to help. We learned that it worked through my shirt. I did my best to ignore the growing feelings in my lower limbs, and instead focus on the exercises. Later that day, I expressed a worry that I might fall out of bed due to my tossing and turning, and I asked for a fall mat. They put them down on Wednesday. Our plan was ready.
Thursday was a morning-rehab day, but not with Jack. Basically, it was me working by myself, with a fall watcher. So, that meant I would take a shower that afternoon, to get all the sweat off. Until then, I remained in the common area, and socialized with the other residents. I saw Jack arrive just after I had lunch. After the shower, I decided to head to my bed, and have dinner in my room. With dinner over, I watched television to pass the time.
I fell asleep before Jack came. He woke me with a little shake of his shoulder. Opening my eyes, I realized it was Jack, and immediately sat up. I was still too groggy to notice him staring at my tits through my top. By the time I was fully awake, his eyes were on my face.
"Um, Helen? I have to ask, do you really want to do this?"
Although I was almost desperate to try, I couldn't fault him. "Yes. I have thought long and hard about this, and I have to try. Even if I fail, and fall. Even if I hurt myself, I must try. To not try is to give up. So let's do it." I then whipped the covers off my legs, and pulled them to the side, so I could turn to face him.
He immediately got a funny look on his face, and I couldn't tell why. "Jack? Is something wrong?"
"... Your... outfit?"
"What about it? This teddy covers sufficiently." I was actually turned on knowing my tits were a little bit more exposed than normal.
"Yes, it covers the top."
It took me a moment to understand what he meant. Then I looked down, and realized he could see everything below my waist. My mind went blank, and for at least ten seconds, I just sat there, frozen and exposed. Then I realized I liked the attention there as well. Now what do I do? It was another ten seconds while I thought about how to handle the situation.
Suddenly, he spoke, "Helen?"
I had just made my decision, so said, "Ignore it. I have no feeling down there, and the aides routinely touch me down there when they dress me. I stopped worrying about being seen a while ago."
That was a total lie, but I hoped he believed it. Now I had to pretend it was true, and ignore it also. Damn.
Jack was clearly embarrassed, but tried to be a gentleman and ignore it, for my sake. "Okay, Helen, I'll try. Let me stand to the side and reach around the back."
He did so, and I said, "I'll hang on to the lamp, and you try to straighten my legs beneath me. I'll do the same."
We made many attempts, some better than others. Sometimes, I could almost hear him give me encouragement. It must be an unconscious thing, as he denied saying anything. But what encouraged us both was that my legs were actually moving, using my own muscles. It wasn't until we heard the PA announce, "Lights out," that we realized we had been doing this for nearly two hours. So we called it a night, and he helped put me back in bed.
I dreamed. It was a nightmare, or an erotic fantasy. I dreamed I was back in college, on an ordinary day. I got up, showered, and dried off. I shaved my legs, all the way up, even shaving my pubic hair. I liked being smooth. Pulling out a shirt and skirt, I started to dress. I put on my shirt, added a bow around my collar. Thinking about my afternoon job, I put on some no-show socks, and then some nice flats, as I would be waiting tables. I grabbed my purse and backpack, and proceeded to head to the bus stop.
The bus ride seemed odd, but I couldn't put my finger on it. I saw quite a few guys staring at me, but they kept dropping their eyes. At least they didn't seem to be staring at my tits. Likewise, classes were a little off with that same feeling of being watched. Finally, I finished classes and headed to the diner I worked at. I went in the back, and grabbed my uniform shirt, and put my backpack in my cubbyhole. I headed to the restroom, where I swapped my shirt for the uniform. I thought the uniform was sexy, with the way it stopped halfway down my breast, just below my nipples. This meant I was showing a bit of underboob and all my stomach. I returned to my cubbyhole, and hung up my shirt.
Next, I grabbed my order pad, and checked to see what section I was in. Today, I was in the front, where everyone would see me. The fourth table I waited on was a bit rowdier, with some of my classmates.
"Hey, guys, settle down please. Now, have you had enough time to decide what you would like?"
"Sure have, Helen. I want you."
"Sorry, You know I'm not on the menu."
"You're not? You sure look delicious." He then placed a hand on my leg, and began rubbing up and down.
I tried to ignore him as best I could. "Again, I am not on the menu. So, please, what would you like to order?"
He started rubbing my leg a bit higher. "Well... I guess I'll have some coffee. Oh, and some wheat toast."
His hand was continuing to get higher, and I wasn't sure how much longer I could ignore it. "What would you like on your toast? Butter, jam, cream cheese?"
His hand rose some more. "Well, I think I'll have jam. Not grape, or strawberry. How about... peach?" At the word, "peach", his hand finally moved up and he began rubbing my vaginal lips.
I immediately looked down, and saw that I wasn't wearing the skirt I had planned to wear today. Since I threw away my panties years ago, that meant that I was naked from the bottom of my breasts all the way down. Even as I was in shock, he moved further, and began to finger me.
I was in such shock, I retreated into the job, and said, "Sorry, we don't have peach jam. We have grape, strawberry, and mint. What do you want on your toast?"
He continued to finger me, and said, "Nothing. I found some jam." He then put another finger into me.
"Right." I pulled back, causing his fingers to exit, and then moved over to the next guy. "And for you?"
Almost immediately, he placed a hand between my legs, and as he ordered, his hand slid up, and he started to finger me. "I'll have the house special breakfast, with pancakes, sausage, and orange juice."
I was getting quite wet, and trying hard not to lose it. I pulled back, and walked around the table. Before I even opened my mouth, the third guy was fingering me.
"Uh... What would you like to order, sir?"
He was going at it fast and hard. But he spoke slowly. "Well, Ms. Helen, I'm not sure what I want. What's today's specials?"
"..." I had trouble speaking. I could feel an orgasm building. So I did my best to ignore it, and took a deep breath. "Well, today's soup special is Wedding soup. The sandwich special is BLT on rye. And the dinner special is baked cod with lemon. Would you like one of these?"
"I'll go for the sandwich special. Tell me, Helen. Do you recommend any dessert?" With that, he reached in and pinched my clit.
That sent me over the edge. I had no idea how I remained on my feet. I was having an orgasm in front of everyone. I even squirted all over his hand. He just smiled. Eventually, my orgasm stopped, and I was able to focus on him. "Uh... what was your, I mean, would you like to have any dessert?"
"I just did."
"Okay. In that case, I'll put your order in." I walked away, and I felt his fingers get pulled out of my vagina. I put the order in, and then headed to the restroom. I went into a stall, sat, and played with myself, to get it all out of my system. After coming a second time, I wiped myself down, then headed to the sink. There, I wet some paper towels, to give myself a better wipe-down, and get all cleaned up. Walking up to the hand drier, I put my waist close, and let it dry me off. It took three cycles to complete the job.
Now, I had to leave the restroom. Half-naked. It must have taken several minutes before I gathered my courage. I went to the manager, and apologized. "Mr. Jackson, I'm really sorry about that. It was an accident that I forgot to dress completely."
As he responded, I suddenly felt his hand between my legs, as he began to finger me. "No problem, honey. The customers don't mind, so go on and do your job. I'm sure your tips will be better today." With that, he turned me around, and gave me a tiny shove back out to the floor. Stumbling a bit, I steadied myself, and went back to work. It seemed that from that point on, every customer I had would finger me, even the girls. I must have come several times. Eventually, my break came.
I spent some more time in the restroom, coming, cleaning and drying myself. Returning to work, the next table I went to had several guys. The first one fingered me, and I tried to ignore it. But then another guy reached up and started playing with my nipple. At first, I thought he had slipped his hand up under my shirt. But when I looked, I was no longer wearing a shirt. I was naked. Oddly, my name tag was pinned to the upper part of my breast, maybe two inches above the nipple.
I don't have piercings, let alone pierced nipples. So why was this tag piercing my breast? When I got their orders, and put them in, I took a moment to see the boss.
"Mr. Jackson? How did this name tag get here?"
Again, he started to finger me. What he said next surprised me. "Helen, when you decided to be a nudist, you tried putting it through your nipple, but that kept people from playing with that nipple. So you started putting it higher. See?" At that point, he started playing with both nipples. "You said you like the attention, and this way, you can get it. Also, you can even pull a nipple up and suck it." I did just that, and he then spun me around, and gave me a little shove.
At that point, I woke up to someone shaking my shoulder. Groggily, I sat up. Then I noticed that something was in my mouth. I focused, and then realized I was sucking on my nipple. I opened my mouth in shock, and then looked to the orderly. It was Adam. He was here to get me into my wheelchair. I went to pull my nightshirt down over my nipples, but for some reason I couldn't find it.
"Don't worry about that, Helen. Residents often get tangled in their clothing when they sleep, and it is not uncommon for them to simply remove the constricting clothing." At that point, he uncovered my legs so he could get me out of bed.
"Oh my! Looks like you had an accident." He then used a finger to feel the bed, and brought it up to his nose. "Oh! Make that a seriously wet dream." He smiled. "Let's get you cleaned up." He then headed into the bathroom, and came back with stuff to clean me with. He laid down some paper towels, and moved my legs over one at a time. As he did so, he used a washcloth to wipe me down, then paper towels to dry me. He even washed and dried between my legs.
I just sat there in shock. Here I was, naked, and Adam, who usually wheeled me to breakfast, instead also got me out of bed.
Once he finished cleaning me, he asked me what I wanted to wear. I pointed to the closet, and said, "I want to wear the yellow top, and bring the bow with it." It was the same one I wore in the dream.
He did, and he helped me get it on, and I buttoned it up, and tied the bow around like a tie.
"What next?"
"Get my socks, over there in the dresser. The blue ones, with the long tops. I want people to see the blue, along with the yellow, and know I support Ukraine. Oh, and get the black flats. I want to look nice."
He knelt in front of me, and I failed to notice him taking brief looks at my vagina, as he put my socks and shoes on. When he finished, he stood, and said, "Okay, what else do you want to wear?"
I must have been thinking about some kind of vest, or sweater, because, I said, "Nothing else. I'm good."
He gave me a quizzical look, saying, "Are you sure? Look over yourself again."
I did, and didn't notice anything, so I said, "I'm fine. Now, help me into the wheelchair."
He seemed reluctant, but when I started to do it without him, he quickly came to my aid. No doubt to avoid a lawsuit if I hurt myself.
"Really, you should put something else on."
"No, I'm fine." I started to wheel myself out of the room. He then rushed up to help me.
We wheeled to the cafeteria, and after parking me at a table, he collected my food. I had noticed quite a few people looking at me, but I just thought it was because I had never worn a bow with my outfit here. So I reveled in letting others see me.
After breakfast, Adam wheeled me out to the common area, where I started to chat with the other residents. After a while, one of the other old men wheeled up to me, and facing me. He started talking with me, and we were chatting about everything. A few minutes later, his wheelchair was bumped from behind, and it moved suddenly about a foot forward. But for some reason, my wheelchair also moved, turning to face him.
I went to look to check on my feet, and instead I found his arm between my legs. I followed it to the hand, and realized he was publicly fingering me. I was a bit stunned.
Suddenly, I heard him say, "I'm sorry, Helen. I didn't mean to twist your chair." He then reached over with both hands, and restored my position so that we were again face to face.
This time, I watched out of the corner of my eye, and sure enough. His hand returned and he started fingering me. As we talked, I carefully scanned everyone, and I realized that most people were watching us. Some discreetly, and some obviously. It was clear, that no one was going to tell me. So I decided, then and there, to spend the rest of the day with my vagina on display. I also kept track of who got close enough to touch, and to my surprise, only three others fingered me.
I wouldn't see Jack until tomorrow, but I managed to go through the day half naked, and no one said a word. That night, I didn't have any dreams, and in the morning, all was back to normal. But I decided to not button my light green top all the way up. Again, no one said anything, but I saw quite a few people maneuver to get to my side, so they could look down my top.
When I saw Jack that afternoon, I waited until no one was near, and said, "I had an unusual day, yesterday."
"Oh? How so?"
"Well, I had a different person get me out of bed, and he wasn't quite on the ball, or perhaps, he hoped I wasn't. He was rather surprised I slept half nude. But when he saw me, he didn't say anything, but just pretended not to notice. But I noticed he noticed. I pretended to not care, and as he helped get me dressed, he saw me nude."
"And he didn't react?"
"He did, but tried to pretend he didn't. I let him get away with that. But I went one further. When I asked for clothes, he would pass me what I asked for, and help me put them on. But I forgot to ask for a skirt. So when he assisted me into my chair, I was half naked." I wasn't gonna tell him I was half-asleep at the time, and actually forgot to ask for my skirt.
"No. He didn't do that!"
"Yes, he did. Oh, he asked if I was sure I was ready to go out of the room, but never told me why I wouldn't be ready."
"How long before someone came to your rescue?"
"No one did. I spent the entire day with my vagina on display. And at least four times I saw, out of the corner of my eyes, that someone had reached between my legs to finger me."
"What!"
"Keep your voice down."
"Sorry. But people really did that to you?"
"Yes. I kind of thought it was hot, actually."
"Really?"
"Yeah. Once I became paralyzed, I thought I would never have sex again. Now, I am not so sure. Apparently, I am still attractive enough for people to want me."
"I could have told you that."
"I know. You've been looking down my shirt on and off, as we've been doing my exercises."
"I haven't..."
He wilted as I gave him a look, with a raised eyebrow.
"Okay, I have. But I didn't mean to."
"Yeah, right. But my question is, did you like what you saw."
"Um..."
"You've already admitted it. I'm not gonna tell Admin, so don't worry about that. Did you like what you saw?"
"... Yeah."
"Well, I want you to come tonight after dinner, so we can continue with our extracurricular activities."
"You do?"
"Yes. I've been thinking about it all day, and all yesterday. I need to try this."
"Okay, I'll be there."
We talked about other things for the rest of the session. I had a shower next, and then dinner. Rather than spend the rest of the evening in the common room, I requested they put me to bed. I turned on the TV, and waited for Jack. I was sitting up, trying to focus on the news.
When he got there, I asked, "Please close the door and pull the curtain." When he did, I pulled off my top.
"Huh? Should you be doing that?"
"We know that your hand on my bare back can make my legs work. I want to find out if it must be my back, or if you can touch me anywhere."
"Yeah, but why remove your top?"
"Because I want to see if your hand on my breast will work."
"Huh? I could just put my hand on your stomach."
"Yeah, you could. But I noticed something else when we were doing that. I was getting feelings between my legs. Sexual feelings. I got to thinking that if you were to touch me sexually where I could feel it, maybe I could feel more below."
"Really? You want that?"
"Yes. Your ability may be how I can become sexually awake. And sex is really primal, so I have to try it. Will you help me?"
"... Okay. How do you want to do this?"
"Give me your hand." He held out a hand, so I flattened it, and then drew it to my breast, where I pressed it and shaped it until he was cupping it.
"What next?"
"I want you to focus on me getting feeling down between my legs as I finger myself. I want you to make me feel it."
"Oh! Um, okay. I'll try."
He watched, as I began to finger myself. I gave him instructions on what I wanted him to do. I started with little movements of my legs to generate friction. Later, to make my feet move a little, and even to wiggle my toes. It seemed that whatever I did, the feeling in my vagina grew slowly. After half an hour, I started getting wet. Twenty more minutes later, I came.
I didn't want to stop, since I could still feel down there, so I said, "I can't believe it. I just had an orgasm. I haven't had one that good in years!"
"Wait, you've been having orgasms? How? You don't normally have feeling down there."
"I've been playing with my nipples, and imagining naughty things. But those orgasms pale in comparison to what I just had."
"Wow."
"Yeah, wow. I want to keep going, and see how soon I can have another."
Jack looked at me funny, so I said, "What?" I gave him a look of my own. "A girl likes having orgasms."
"I didn't say anything."
"Well, just keep your hand there, and why not put your other hand on my other breast and play a little. I'm sure it will help me come sooner."
He raised his eyebrows, but a few seconds later, he began using two hands. After getting a second orgasm, I stopped fingering myself. When I calmed down, I said, "Okay, now let's work on walking. Hold both breasts to steady me."
He nodded, so I then slowly maneuvered off of the bed, and stood up. I stayed near the bed, so he could catch me, or push me onto it if I became unsteady. That left me about four feet to walk back and forth. But it was four feet I couldn't normally do. I was so excited. When the PA came on to announce lights out, I sighed.
"I guess that's all for tonight. Help me get back into bed."
We said goodbye, and I would see him in a few days. Instead of putting on the covers, I played with myself, since a tiny bit of feeling lingered down there. I fell asleep before I remembered to pull the covers up over my naked body.
For some reason, I was wide awake early that morning. When my room door opened, I listened to hear who it was. I heard Adam say hello to my roommate. He had to be loud since she was hard of hearing. She, likewise, needed a wheelchair, but unlike me, she didn't need as much help, nor did she need someone to wheel her about. While waiting for him to finish, I realized my covers were still off, leaving me lying down on the bed, naked and fully exposed.
I realized that Adam hadn't heard anything from my side of the room, so I decided to pretend to be sleeping. I closed my eyes, leaving barely a slit open in one eye. I wanted to see what he would do.
Well, after entering, he saw me and froze. A few seconds later, he walked quietly up to me, and then reached down between my legs. I couldn't believe it. I felt something. Barely. But I suppressed my reaction, and continued to pretend to be sleeping. But I watched him.
Then he did something I didn't expect. With his other hand, he placed it adjacent to the first, but he slowly moved it in circles. I wondered what he was doing, until I realized that he was slowly moving his hand up. A little bit each circle. When he got high enough to almost get my belly button, he changed direction to go around it. But he never went back to the original line. I soon realized he was aiming for my breast.
It was agony pretending to be sleeping. But I must have managed, because he continued to slide that hand up. Eventually, he got to my nipple. I couldn't help it. I came. My eyes briefly opened, but I quickly closed them. He pulled his hands away, and after I came down from the orgasm, I went back to pretending to be asleep. After a bit, standing there, he called my name softly. I gave it no notice, so he would think I was still sleeping.
He said my name several times, and after not responding, I felt him reach and pull the sheet over me. I could feel my nipples were standing tall, and tenting the sheet, making it obvious I was aroused. He waited a few moments, then said my name a bit louder, and also shook my shoulder. I let myself appear to wake up.
"Huh? Is it morning, already?"
"Yes, it is. Let's get you ready for the day." With that, he pulled the sheet away from my legs. "Oh my, looks like you had another accident. I'll go get a washcloth and towel."
While he was in the bathroom, I quickly looked, and even felt the bed. There was no accident to clean. But by the time he got back, I looked up absently at him.
"Here, let me clean you up." He then brought the washcloth between my legs, and started washing. He must have spent five minutes washing, and another five drying. Still, I played along, and pretended to be out of it because I was so tired. He then put that away, and opened my closet.
"What would you like to wear today?"
"I'm too tired to choose. You dress me in whatever."
"Okay... let me find something sexy for you."
I watched as he went through my limited closet, then my neighbor's, and after a few minutes, he came back to me. I pretended not to notice that the top he chose actually was from the other woman's closet. She is not as well endowed as me, so I knew it would be strained to hold my tits in.
He put it on me, and got my hands through the short sleeves. Then he asked, "How's that?"
He had not buttoned it up at all. I could tell less than half the buttons could even be buttoned, but I just said, with a yawn, "Fine, whatever."
He then went to the dresser, and got a pair of socks. After they were on, he got my shoes on, and then said, "Time to get you in the wheelchair."
Oh my god. He was deliberately taking me out half naked. I thought about that for less than a second, before deciding to continue playing sleepy and unaware. Once I was in, he wheeled me out, and to the cafeteria. There, he got my breakfast, and put it in front of me. It smelled good, so I leaned forward to eat it. As I expected, the shirt slid back a bit, letting my nipples get even closer to being exposed. Since they were still stiff, anyone to the side could likely see them.
Once breakfast was over, I asked Adam to wheel me over to the common area, in the sun, where I could snooze a little. After situating me, I closed my eyes, and wiggled a little to get comfortable. Success. I thought I could make a nipple slip out by wiggling, and I could see that one had escaped.
While I didn't actually sleep, I acted like I did. Over the next two hours, five people fingered me. One even played with my exposed nipple. That's when the ambulance came, sirens going loud. I woke up. Somehow, I actually fell asleep, even though I was trying to see who would feel me up. I turned my head to see what was happening, and like all the others in the area, our attention was on the ambulance.
When the ambulance left, and the chaos settled, I decided the sun was no longer on me, so I wheeled myself into position in the sun. I was careful, and sneaky, and managed to pull the side of my shirt just enough to expose the other nipple. I then leaned back, and pretended to sleep. It took a while, but soon, someone was fingering me. The second one to finger me, also played with my nipples. Oh, it was so hard pretending to be sleeping.
But it was so worth it. By the time lunch came, I had had three orgasms from people touching me. A number of people fingered me, or played with my nipples. I responded to the call for lunch by apparently waking up. I then slowly wheeled my way into the cafeteria. One of the residents volunteered to get my lunch, so I pulled up next to a table, but sideways to it.
After delivering my meal, the resident pulled up a chair, and started talking to me, asking my opinion on politics. While I gave some answers, I soon realized he wasn't expressing an opinion, but rather used the conversation to distract me. Every so often, I would turn away to get some food. After one time, I found his hand heading up my legs. By the time I got more food, his fingers were inside me. I concentrated on my food, and pretended I didn't notice what he was doing with his hand.
Near the end of the meal, while I was turned away, I suddenly felt a hand on my breast. I stifled my reaction as best as I could, and went for another spoonful, before turning back to talk to him. I caught his eyes briefly getting big, but then he tried to hide it.
I got so turned on by his touching, that I had an orgasm. He removed his hand from my breast. When I came down, I resumed the talk as though nothing had happened. Again, his eyes got big, and shortly, his hand was back on my breast, being more forceful than before. Afterwards, the resident helped me use the restroom, and even cleaned me up. Afterwards, I had him set me out in the commons, in the sunshine. Then he left.
I didn't take long for someone to pull up next to me and finger me. But soon after, another pulled next to me. The second guy said hello, but let the other guy do the talking. A minute later, he reached over, and started playing with my breast, in plain view. Since I suspected something like that might happen, I was able to pretend not to notice. It may have helped that they wanted to believe. I spent the rest of the day getting felt up in plain view, and I couldn't believe I was getting away with this. I had a number of orgasms, and carried on as though I was unaware of my body's feelings.
Considering the number of times I used the bathroom throughout the day, I was shocked to think people would think I was unaware of my nakedness. Starting that night, I decided to sleep in the nude, rather than wear my nightie. It was two days later, that Adam came to get me out of bed. I could see he wanted to expose me again, but I was too alert for him to try. The day after, however, I was due for a session with Jack, and Adam woke me up. I decided to pretend to be real sleepy, and Adam took advantage.
First, he claimed I had made a mess overnight, and when I checked while he was fetching something to clean me up, I saw there was no mess. Still, he washed me up, and took his time to do it. I still had a tiny amount of feeling down there, so I could tell he was fingering me. Before he finished, he also washed my breasts, and felt me up. I came while he did that. When he finished drying me, he said he would be back in a few minutes to put me in my wheelchair. He left me on the bed, naked, and with the door and curtain open.
He took over half an hour before he came back. At least three people passed, but no one looked in. He said, "Sorry for taking so long. One of the other residents I assist, took a fall, and that kept us busy."
"Were they okay?"
"Yes. He already had a fall mat, like you do, so he wasn't hurt."
"That's good."
"Now let's get you into your wheelchair. Give me your hand..."
I reached for his hand, and he pulled me up, and maneuvered me into my chair. Here I am, naked, and he didn't even make a pretense of getting me dressed. And in my pretend sleepiness, I pretended not to notice it.
He wheeled me to the cafeteria, and parked me near the window, but not near a table. When he came back with breakfast, he sat down on the windowsill, and held the tray for me.
"Sorry I couldn't find you a seat at a table, so let me hold your tray, while you eat."
"Okay."
I could tell he was watching me, so I took my time eating, savoring the meal. Well, mostly savoring. Some things weren't quite as savory, still, I faked it.
Later, he took the empty tray back, then wheeled me over to the common area.
"You still look sleepy? Would you like to go on the couch, and put your legs up?"
"Sure, why not." I then closed my eyes, as though I was trying to go back to sleep.
I was rather surprised at how he picked me up out of the wheelchair. Instead of lifting me by the shoulders, he slid a hand between my legs, and slipped two fingers into me. While he didn't actually finger me, he did use that hand to lift me out of the chair. The other hand steadied me, and he carried me two feet, over to the couch. He set me on the couch, then grabbed one leg, and pulled it over to the side, placing it on the armrest. I pretended to not be aware of what he was doing. He paused, then when he grabbed the other leg, he pulled it the other way.
I almost opened my eyes at that. But I managed to fake not being aware he was pulling my legs into a full split while I was naked. I'm just glad I am young and flexible. As it was, I could tell he was taking a lot of time getting the second leg on the armrest.
When he was done, he said, "I'll give you a little massage to help you sleep."
"Thanks..."
He started on my shoulders, and he actually was good. But when he moved downward, he massaged my breasts. He continued going down until he got down to my legs. There, he massaged my vagina, fingering me all the while, then he massaged the muscles in my legs. Through my nearly closed eyes, I could see my legs relaxed a little, and wondered at that. Apparently, I can still do a full split, and then some. Before he left, he gave me oral in full view of everyone, but I pretended to be sleeping.
It didn't take long for others to move in on me. Pretending to sleep, I occasionally came. There's no way people weren't aware that I wouldn't notice, yet wishful thinking apparently is a potent thing. As it was, I had one or more people as company all morning.
At lunchtime, Adam surprised me by bringing lunch to me. Again, I let him hold the tray for me. Throughout lunch, he used his other hand to finger me.
After he left, I played being finally awake, but still unaware of my body. I again had company all afternoon, and they fingered me and played with my breasts, but this time, I was holding a conversation with them. When I came, I just let my body react, but pretended I didn't notice. That's how Jack found me when he came in.
He had some others to deal with first, but when my turn came, he said to me, "Ready for your workout?"
"Yes. But I'll need your help to get back in the wheelchair. I need to use the restroom."
So he helped me by first bringing both legs to my front, then bringing my wheelchair over. Then he lifted me by the shoulders and placed me in it. He helped in the restroom, but didn't look most of the time. Then he took me over to rehab.
While in the restroom, he asked, "What's going on? Where are your clothes?"
"I've been having fun. I pretend to be real sleepy, and this one aide has figured out I don't notice my state of dress. Likewise, he, and many others, are aware I have no feeling due to my paralysis. However, they don't remember that I am paralyzed at the waist, and not the shoulders. They also think I am not aware of what they are doing, and they play with my breasts, and finger me."
"That's terrible."
"It could be, if I didn't want it. I could certainly shut it down easily, but I am enjoying being a sex toy here."
"You want this?"
"Yes. First off, thanks to your talents, I have gotten some feeling back between my legs. I hope you will continue to help me with your talent. The other thing is, that in the last few days, I have had more orgasms in one day than I have had in the last three years. That gets to me. And lastly, being naked in front of everyone has been thrilling. Never knowing who might walk by, or who might start using me in front of everyone, has been such a turn on."
"Wow. You're becoming an exhibitionist, aren't you."
"Yeah, and then some. Anyway, after dinner, you can meet me in my room. Then we can practice some more with your talent."
"Okay.... we can do that." So we settled on the routine, with me naked.
After the session, he wheeled me to dinner. Later, Jack came to my room.
"Hello, Jack. Ready to push up the research with the talent?"
"Yeah, I am."
I looked between his legs, and saw he had an erection. So I said, "This time, I don't want you to use your hand to control my body."
"Huh? Then what?"
I motioned him closer, and whispered into his ear, "I want you to use your dick."
He pulled quickly back, and stared at me. So I continued, "Hey, after the day I've had, I need some serious penetration, and you look capable."
"But what about your roommate?"
"She's in the hospital for a few days for surgery. Tonight, I'm alone in the room. And if you close the door, I doubt anyone will ever know. Close the curtain if you want a little more privacy."
He went and closed the door, then the curtain. I could see him hesitate, but I was staring at the hardness in his pants. He seemed a bit nervous, and when he fumbled opening his belt, I leaned out and pulled him closer, then I undid his belt and zipper.
"Sorry, I'm too anxious." I then leaned back, and let him drop his pants.
He looked at me, and dropped his pants, then his underwear. "Um, how do you want to do this?"
"Take off your shirt. I want skin to skin the whole way." Then I reached out and grabbed his dick, to feel it. "Oh! Nice."
He was clearly embarrassed, so I looked up at him with a lustful smile. That seemed to ease his uncertainty. It didn't take long for him to get naked. Still holding his dick, I pulled him closer.
I said, "Let's start with you on top. Then you can put your dick in me, and focus on animating my body. I suggest you make me move in a way that pleases you, and I'll try to help. You can also tell me what you want me to do. Be sure to make my legs do stuff for you."
"Right..." He slowly climbed in bed with me, and I pushed myself into the center. When he was about to put it in, he stopped, and said, "Wait, I don't have a condom."
I briefly considered, and said, "I'm on the pill. Don't worry. Besides, won't it be a better experience bareback?"
"Oh, okay." He then took the plunge, and penetrated me.
I could feel him enter, and as I saw his face tense in concentration, I began to feel his dick even more. I soon felt my legs start to move, and he said, "Put your legs around me."
I did my own concentration, and focused on making my legs do what he wanted. Slowly, my legs began to move, and I was able to lift them and place them about him. He started moving up and down, and I did my best to respond. The last time I had sex was years ago, and I was ready. Eager, even. My first orgasm was not long in coming.
I kept it as quiet as I could, but I said, "Oh! That hits the spot. Don't stop. Do it harder, deeper, and faster."
He complied, and soon I had a second orgasm. He clearly wasn't ready, because he was still speeding up. So I just made noises to encourage him. On my third orgasm, he also came, and I could feel everything while it happened. And I mean everything. I could feel my toes, my knees, and even a sore spot on my leg, where I had noticed a blemish. I don't know what happened next, as I went out like a light with the overload.
When I woke, Jack was still on top, but no longer in me. He was shaking my shoulders, saying, "Helen, Helen!"
"Huh?" I blinked my eyes, as I was quite woozy.
"You passed out."
"I did? Yeah, I guess I did."
"Are you okay?"
"Yeah, I think so. Wow. I think I overloaded."
"What do you mean?"
"When we came, I suddenly felt everything that I lost. All the way to my toes."
"You're right. Wow."
"Yeah, your talent is really working. Now, get hard again. I want more."
"More?"
"Definitely. I think focusing your talent that close to the broken nerves is giving it more potency."
"Huh?"
"Yes. The last few days, I've had a little feeling down there. I think your talent is doing something to my nerves, and I want you to do as much as I can stand."
"You think I can fix your paralysis?"
"I don't know, but I sure want you to try, and I am willing to do anything to make it happen."
"Really?"
"Yes, really. When I realized I had a little feeling down there, I realized what might happen. The exhibitionism I've been doing, and the sex abuse I've allowed to happen, is a part of it. In a way, I am relearning sex, and I want to experience everything. I have a feeling I may be having more naked days ahead at the rehab center. I may also be having sex with others soon. So, you hard yet?"
"Sorry, no."
"Then get up, and let me give you a blowjob."
He was startled, but then got up and re-positioned himself. I then leaned over, and took him in my mouth. Almost immediately, I backed off, and said, "Remember, focus on your dick as a way to make my body do what you want. I bet you can make my tongue do all sorts of things." I then waggled my eyebrows, before sticking his dick back in my mouth. I kept my eyes on his face, to encourage him to get hard.
I could see the effort he was putting in, and I felt my tongue start to do things I hadn't thought of. So I let it loose, and soon found myself licking his dick, and trying to wrap his dick. Soon, I felt it begin to harden, and I could tell he was doing something else, but I couldn't tell what. It wasn't until he pulled out and moved behind me, that I realized he had turned my body over, and put it in doggy position.
Boom. He slammed into me, and pounded in and out rapidly. In seconds, I had another orgasm.
"K, k, k, keep... d, d, doing... th, th, that." I was barely able to get that out, but he understood and continued to pound away.
After coming down, he suddenly pulled out, then pushed back in, but in the other hole.
"Aieee!" I sure wasn't expecting that, but curiously, I didn't feel any pain. I thought for sure that would cause pain, but it didn't. Just surprise, and stretching. He didn't last long, and soon came, which triggered my own orgasm.
Again, I was overwhelmed with sensation, but as it started, I opened my mouth to scream, and at the last minute made myself scream silently. Next thing I know, I am lying face down on the bed, very aware of Jack laying on my back, also out. I can feel his jizz beginning to leak out. I tried to push him to the side, but couldn't.
"Jack, can you roll off me? I need to turn over." I had to repeat myself a few times before he responded.
He moved, and I was able to turn over. I lay there, examining what just happened. I realized I was again overloaded with sensation. But I wondered. Did I gain anything? I could still feel a lot below the waist. So, using my wheelchair to keep my balance, I tried to get out of bed.
It was difficult, and I was really wobbly, but I managed to stand. I could also feel jizz leaking down my leg. So, continuing to use the wheelchair to steady myself, I headed to a wall. Then I used the wall to steady myself, and slowly headed to the bathroom. But there was one problem. I had to go the long way, along the wall. Still, I slowly made my way.
"Helen, wait, what are you doing?" Jack quickly got out of bed, and rushed over to me.
"Don't touch me. I want to see if I can do this."
"But you might fall!"
"Yes. And you will be there to pick me up. But until then, I want to see if I can get to the bathroom."
He hovered over me, like a mother hen. It was infuriating, and endearing. I didn't want his help, but I feared I would need it. I continued along the wall slowly, and got nearer and nearer. I could feel the wetness get lower on my legs, and I feared I would be leaving a trail. But I gritted my teeth, and continued. Finally, I was there.
I continued on, and decided rather than sit down and wipe, I would get a shower.
"Jack? I want a shower. Can you help me?"
"You're not going to do that by yourself?"
"I'm not steady enough. I need to use my hands to hold on, and can't use them to wash myself. I'm sweaty, and your cum is leaking. Since you are already naked, and aroused, why don't you wash me, while I steady myself on you?"
"Okay."
He reached out to me, and I grabbed onto him. We soon moved into the shower, and he started the water. When its temperature was right, he switched it to the shower head. I felt it all over. I could feel the spray pulsing all on my back. I loved that type of shower head. After a few moments, Jack turned me around to get my front wet. Soon after, I could feel myself bend over and reach for the soap. Jack was behind me, but his hands were clamped on my breasts to steady me. I also felt his dick against my butt. It was only at half mast, so it didn't distract too much.
I found myself bending over, and washing myself, taking extra care between my legs. Then I worked on my torso, while Jack held my shoulders. I turned to face him, as I washed my breasts. When I looked down, I could see his dick was hard. Next, I washed my arms and hands. Finally, I handed him the soap, rinsed my hands off, and put them on the wall of the shower. Jack then backed up a little, and then washed my back.
Finally, he had me rinse off, and then to my surprise, he caused me to kneel down before him, and as his hands were on my shoulders, I opened my mouth and swallowed his dick. I started bobbing up and down, slowly taking in more and more. When I felt it start to go down my throat, my eyes got big. I had never been able to deepthroat before. After two minutes, I finally went all the way. Then I felt myself back off, take a deep breath, and then go down the whole way and hold it. Then I felt him explode down my throat.
It seemed to go on forever, but I kept him down all the way, the whole time. When he finally finished, I finally backed off, but only enough to breathe. When I had almost caught my breath, I went down again, but only to clean him up. Then I reached out and turned the shower off. With his help, I dried him off before I dried myself. With his help, he walked me back to the bed, and I got in.
"Thanks, Jack. I really needed that. But it has left me exhausted. Let's try this again after our next session."
"Okay, Helen. In that case, sleep well." He then pulled my covers over me, and I was sleeping before he left the room.
My dreams that night were very erotic. Yet, I woke up early the next morning. My covers were thrown off, and I found a wet spot that was quite sticky. At first, I feared I had urinated, but when I smelled it, I learned the truth. Then I heard the door open. With the curtain pulled, I had time enough to pretend to be asleep. Through my eyelashes, I saw it was the regular woman who took care of me. But to my surprise, she saw what had happened, and leaned in, sniffed, then started licking me. Then she reached out and played with my nipple.
After five minutes, she left to get a washcloth, and cleaned me up. Then she shook me awake, and said it was time to head to breakfast. She helped me into my wheelchair, then put some socks and shoes on. I was waiting for her to put at least a shirt on me, but she didn't. I never thought she might be bi, as she had told me all about her boyfriend.
I pretended not to notice, and just sat there while she got my breakfast. She left while I was eating, but came back to wheel me into the common area. She placed me right in the middle, near a number of guys. Soon, there were two next to me, and a number of others waiting to take their place. The conversation went all over the place, but it was clear the two next to me weren't focusing on that, as they were fingering me and feeling up my breasts.
As much as I pretended to be unaware, even when I had an orgasm, I was flexing my toes in my shoes, just to feel them move. The next two weeks, I didn't wear a stitch, and Jack and I had sex each time he was in late. While I wasn't enamored with anal, Jack liked it, and I seemed to get a small amount more back when he did it. We switched to an hour of walking practice, then sex. Slowly, I built up the strength in my legs. Finally, it was the final time for rehab with Jack.
My van was repaired, and the chairlift was replaced. I was due to leave in the morning. They packed up all my stuff in the van, and I would follow in the morning. When Jack came to me that evening, he gave me his card, and pointed to the back. There, he wrote his cell number, and current free nights. He asked me to give him some booty calls. I gave him my number, and address, and said I would call as soon as I got settled back in.
In the morning, Adam was there to get me ready. First, he washed and dried me. Then he put me in the wheelchair, and wheeled me out.
"Uh, Adam? What about my stuff?"
"Oh, I put everything in the van. Don't worry."
"Okay."
He took it slow, to let everyone say goodbye. First stop was breakfast, then out the door to my van. He set the wheelchair's brakes, then put his hand between my legs to lift me into my own wheelchair. Keeping his hand there, he steadied me as the lift raised me to the van's level. He then handed me the key, and closed the door when I was in. Waving goodbye, he returned the other wheelchair to the facility. Looking about, I could see my stuff, and was about to go get dressed, but then I had a wicked thought.
I could drive home naked.
I stopped in a parking lot just short of my place, so I could get dressed. My brother was expecting me, and I wasn't ready to show up naked in front of him. Once dressed, I went the final two blocks to my apartment. It was actually one half of a duplex, almost in the suburbs. I had a garage, and a ramp to my front door, with a nice little patio where I could sit and sun outside the front door if I wanted. Out back was a deck, where I could enjoy the view of the bushes separating us from the neighbors the next street over.
When I arrived, I was still getting out of the van when Paris came out to assist me. Everyone else called him Perry, but our parents had a thing about Greek history.
"Hello, Helen. How'd it go?"
"Better than last time. The rehab sucked, although the trainer didn't. Turns out he's an amateur magician. And he has a ventriloquist act he brings out for the kids. The older folks with memory issues also like it. We got to be friends."
"Great. How about the wheels?"
"Needs a little adjustment, and adjusting to, but otherwise, fine. Thanks for handling that, Paris."
"I gotta take care of my baby sister."
"Geez, I'm a year older than you. You're just taller."
He laughed. "True, but you're still my sister."
While I wheeled myself into my apartment, he brought out the stuff from the van for me. He had taken the day off, so we spent the day together getting me back into the swing of things. Catching up on email was the worst. Fortunately, someone had flagged my work account as out of office, so I didn't have as much there as I expected. My personal email, however, was loaded with everyone asking everything. It took hours to get to them all.
By then, Paris had made lunch, so I didn't have to worry about that. I asked, "When are you heading home?"
"In the morning, I'm heading to work. I brought an overnight bag."
Well, there went my plans of trying to walk around the house naked. I would still take my bath, but couldn't do it without my special equipment, or he might realize something was amiss. I didn't want to let that out, just yet.
After dinner we watched a cop show. When it finished, I said, "I'm off to get a bath, then to bed. So, goodnight, bro."
"Goodnight, sis. I'll turn in soon, and shower in the morning."
I had a custom bath setup, where I wore a special lifting vest, and a low power hoist was over the tub. I would start the water, then take off everything above the waist, which was usually just a shirt, and then put the vest on. I would use the controls to lift me a few inches, and would then remove the rest of my clothes, since I was no longer resting on my lower half. I would lay a towel on the seat for later. Then I would raise myself a little more, so I could clear the parked wheelchair.
Pulling on the line attached to the wall on the far side of the tub, I would then swing over it. With my other hand, I would lower myself until I was in the water. If I had the time, I got out of the vest before turning the water off. If not, I turned off the water, then took off the vest. The vest then swung back to the wheelchair by default, and I put the line into the tub. [It was just a piece of nylon rope, so it didn't matter if it got wet.]
I would then enjoy my bath, relaxing, and washing myself. To get out, I let the water start to drain, then put the vest back on. I would hold the line, and lift the vest until I cleared the tub. I let the line out, and then let myself down until I was sitting on the towel. Like the line, the vest was nylon. I would get another towel, and dry myself off, and finally put it around me. It was big enough to not only wrap around, but have sufficient to cover my lap, if I was careful. I was always careful, but today I thought about not being careful.
I chickened out. Then I headed to bed. Unlike the towel, I did decide to be 'careless' and sleep in the nude, rather than in a top. I could always blame it on being too tired. Soon, I was fast asleep.
I woke to the smell of coffee. "Oh, that smells wonderful." I sat up, and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes. That's when I saw Paris' eyes get big. Then I remembered I had slept in the nude, and I realized I just sat up. My breasts were in plain view. Because I had gotten used to pretending not to be aware of my nakedness at the rehab facility, I played the same here. I totally ignored it, and used my sleepy act. I reached out, and he put a cup into my hands.
Through faux half-lidded, sleepy eyes, I saw his dick harden. Boy, he's got a long one. At least eight inches. I just slowly sipped the coffee, and asked him what his plans were for the day. Soon enough, he left to get his shower, and leave for work. He forgot to close the door.
I put the empty cup to the side, then reached over to the side table where I kept my regular clothes. Pushing off the sheets, I then dressed. Taking the cup, I headed to the kitchen, and made my breakfast. I made Paris some, too. He arrived just as I put the food on the table. We quickly ate, then he left for work. I had a bit more to do, what with makeup and hair. I left half an hour later. They asked me to work in the office full time, now, with the additional load that had built up over the months I was out.
One of the emails indicated my cubicle had been relocated. When I got to work, I went to my boss' office, and asked him where my new location was. He took me there, and I immediately noticed the lighting was much better here, compared to my old location. It was his staring that made me realize that my normal office shirts were too thin for this level of lighting, but if he said nothing, I would pretend not to notice.
During the day, several people came by to welcome me back. Everyone noticed how thin my shirt was, but said nothing. Not even the few ladies. During lunch break, I quickly took a selfie, so I could examine my shirt in this light. Oh boy! There's no hiding my nipples in this light. I then deleted the selfie, to erase the evidence.
After two more days of work, it was the weekend. I decided to go shopping for some new skirts. But this time, I wanted them a bit shorter, so that they didn't quite cover, if someone was in the wrong place. I figured since no one had commented on my shirts, maybe I could get away with shorter skirts. While I bought five, I only intended to wear them every other day, in case there was a problem.
Since Jack was free Friday, I had made a booty call Thursday after work, and he agreed to come over then. I offered overnight if he wanted, but he said he could not stay, as he had to be somewhere the next day.
Monday, before the team meeting, my boss said, "Helen, that's a nice outfit. Is it a new summer outfit?"
"Just the skirt. I decided to celebrate returning to work with some new skirts."
"Well, be sure to add some summer tops. Wearing all new clothes will no doubt feel better, and happy workers are more productive."
"Thanks, boss."
After the meeting, three others also complimented me, with one of the guys failing to hide that he was trying for a down blouse. That Friday, I spoke with Jack about it.
"Do you think I should try to cover up more, or less?"
"Did you like being looked at?"
"... Yes."
"Will you get in trouble if you wear less?"
"... Maybe?"
"What would cause trouble?"
"Well, if someone complained."
"Did anyone complain about your shirts? Or your new skirts?"
"No. My boss complimented me, and suggested I get some shirts to go with them."
"Well, there you go. They don't mind you being a bit more exposed. If you go at it subtly, you can probably go pretty far."
So, as we had sex, we each concentrated on two things. He concentrated on making my lower body move and feel alive, and also on how I could wear less. I was concentrating on fully experiencing my lower body to the fullest, and on how I could start working in more explicit clothing without seeming to. I did ask him to take me twice in the back door. Not because I enjoyed that so much, but because of the fact that my feeling returned the most intensely when he came there.
He left me on my bed, uncovered and nude, as he said goodnight. I was so spent, I just fell asleep. I had forgotten Paris was going to take me grocery shopping in the morning.
"Helen! Time to wake up! I brought coffee!"
I blearily opened my eyes, as I heard Paris coming down the hall. I realized I was exposed just as he walked into the room. He stopped dead in his tracks. I froze as well. We paused for at least thirty seconds, before I recovered enough to reach over and pull some covers over myself. As I pulled it, I stole a glance, and saw he was rock hard.
"... Um, sorry. I didn't mean to barge in like this."
"It happened. Don't worry about it. Staying at the rehab place kind of desensitized me to it."
"Huh?"
"They weren't too careful who they sent to attend to my bodily needs. More than once a guy was dealing with my intimate parts as they cared for me."
"We should take them to court over that."
"We could, but they were short staffed, and it made me feel very naughty. I actually kind of liked it."
"Huh?"
"Paris, I'm still a girl, and I have needs. Including being appreciated as a sexual creature."
"Yeah, but..."
"Yeah. While there, I hooked up with my rehab guy. He was here last night and wore me out. That's why you found me like this."
"But..."
"It's okay, little brother. I'm a big girl, and I had a bit of sex before I was paralyzed. And Jack doesn't mind my limitations. I don't know if it will end up being a fling, or something more serious, but for now, I'm happy."
"If you say so, sis. But I don't know that I can forget what I saw."
"I can tell."
"Huh?"
"You have serious wood down there."
He immediately tried to cover it.
"Paris, You're wearing pants. It's already covered. And the coffee is about to spill."
He just got even more embarrassed, but, at least, got the coffee level. Then realizing he had the coffee, he came over and handed it to me.
I grabbed it, and said, "Thanks." Then I took a sip to check, then a long sip. He remembered the cinnamon.
"You're welcome."
We remained there, uncomfortable in each other's presence. I actually sipped nearly half the coffee before I realized it.
"Paris?"
"Yeah?"
"I need to get dressed."
"Right." He just stood there in the door.
"Paris?"
"Yeah?"
"Unless you want to watch me get dressed, you should be outside, with the door closed."
He turned crimson. "Oh! Sorry!" He hurriedly went into the hall, and closed my door.
Only then did I realize my chair was on the other side of the room. I took a chance on being discovered, and actually stood and walked to it. I had to hurry, as I wasn't very steady. I nearly collapsed into it, but, instead, just sat heavily. Stopping to catch my breath, I marveled at how far Jack's magic had taken me. With my breath caught, I wheeled myself about the room, selecting what I wanted to wear.
After I used the bathroom, I got dressed. Finally, I headed out to the living room, where Paris was waiting.
"Ready to go shopping?"
"As soon as I get my purse."
While he said he was here to take me shopping, I'm the one driving. I can drive my van and store more groceries in it than if we used his car. But he would be sitting in the passenger side of the van, and he would handle the shopping cart. This let me concentrate on the shopping, and not on managing the groceries. It also meant I could get three to four times the food, since I didn't have to handle the groceries.
While Paris was glad to help, I could see him awkwardly hide his glances down my shirt. Normally, I would have done up four buttons, but today I only did up three. I also noticed the occasional guy trying to look up my skirt. As it was one of the shorter ones, and my legs were a little apart, I'm not surprised. And if they actually managed to get a view, they would see I shaved. I was turned on the whole trip.
Paris left after lunch, and I went out again, but this time to do some clothes shopping. I had checked the dress code, and learned I didn't have to wear white shirts. So I went to a thrift store, and located several sexy tops. I wanted to try them on, but there was no place set aside for changing. As the only other person in the store was the cashier, I decided to ask him.
"Hello there. I found several tops, and I want to see if they fit, before I buy them. Is there someplace where I can go to try them on without disturbing the customers?"
"I'm sorry ma'am, but we don't have any changing rooms."
I made a point of looking around, then said, "I don't see anyone. How about if I go behind this rack and change?" I had already noticed he had checked me out, and the rack I pointed to had several gaps that he could easily see through.
"Well, I suppose so, but if someone comes into the store, don't blame me if you get caught."
"Okay." I then wheeled over there, and positioned myself so I could see him out of the corner of my eye through the rack. I took off my top, and then proceeded to try on the first one. I took my time making sure I did it correctly, and I could see from the corner of my eye that he was checking me out, especially when I was topless. All the tops I had found were more revealing than what I wore to the store. Once I had the first one on, and settled, I came out to ask his opinion of the top.
As I spoke, it was clear his eyes never left my nipple area. While you could not actually see through this top, you could easily tell where they were. Then I went back and tried the next one. I had ordered them, so that the most revealing was the last one. By the time I had the last one on, I could easily see my nipples through the dark mesh of the shirt.
This time, he was barely able to hold up his end of the conversation with me. I couldn't blame him. I went back and put my own top back on, and then returned so I could put two of the tops back on the rack, and buy the other ten. Most were only a little more exposed than my normal tops, but a few were much more noticeable. I didn't think I could wear them at work, but I could wear them around the house, and on dates. I did buy the dark mesh one. Jack would like it.
On Monday, I wore one of the new skirts, and one of the new tops. While the top still covered everything, it was a bit more revealing than my usual. And I didn't button it up all the way. Just about everyone at work noticed me, and several gave me compliments. Tuesday, I wore the clothes I had usually been wearing. Wednesday, I wore a sexier outfit, and Thursday a routine one. On Friday, since we had Casual Fridays, I chose a more-revealing shirt, about mid-range of what I had recently bought at the thrift store. One of the ladies told me in private, that she wished she had the courage to wear what I was wearing.
Jack came over twice for booty calls, and I was so tired and satisfied. He'd say goodbye, while I was lying on the bed, naked. Paris visited Saturday afternoon, and we had dinner together, while I wore one of the more-extreme tops. He could barely keep his eyes off of me, but I ignored his looks, and he didn't bring it up. After he left, I masturbated, I was so turned on.
The next week was a repeat, but with different outfits on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Before leaving Friday, I spoke with the boss.
"Hey, boss. My new outfits have been getting a lot of compliments. I think they are also more suitable for the springtime than the other outfits I've been wearing. Do you think I should shift over to only the new outfits, since spring started a few weeks ago?"
Since the boss had just been talking to two guys about updating the website with the spring promotions, they chimed in, "Yeah, boss. Spring is in the air, and if she wants to wear spring clothes, she should. No need for the dowdy winter outfits."
"Settle down, you two."
"Sorry, boss."
"As for you, young lady, your new clothes seem quite acceptable, so yes, go ahead."
"Thanks, boss."
As I turned away, I overheard them talking, and wondering what I would choose to wear for Casual Friday, if what I had on now was to be considered the new normal. The boss replied that I might wear something a bit more revealing, as I had been turning up the heat in the office recently. Oh boy! Sounds like I can wear the dark mesh to work on Casual Friday! I'm gonna be so turned on all day!
The next day, I wore a loose shirt, and hadn't buttoned it up all that much. Forgetting Paris was going to visit. I was in the living room, playing a video game for hours. Suddenly, I heard the door, and Paris came in.
"Hello, sis."
"Hey bro. Want to play against me? I'm all warmed up on this game, and can whoop you."
He pulled over a chair, and sat next to me. He watched me while I finished the current round. When the next round came, we switched to two-player. We were well into the round, when I realized he was playing below normal. So, I occasionally glanced at him out of the corner of my eye. That's when I realized he was looking at my body. So I looked at myself, and saw that one breast had escaped entirely. All the bouncing back and forth of the game had shaken it loose, and now it was bouncing where he could see it.
So I decided to use the next break in action to check out his crotch. Less than a minute later, I saw he had a boner. We played for an hour before stopping to eat something. He offered to make sandwiches, so I just sat at the kitchen table, waiting for him to handle things.
While he was making sandwiches, he got a call. He put down the food, and turned his back to me, as he answered his phone. I heard his girlfriend's name, so I knew who called. I got quiet and listened in as best as I could. What can I say? I'm a nosy sister.
"Yes love, I'm looking forward to tonight... I'm at my sister's place, making lunch... She's not a bother..."
But the next thing he said surprised me. Softly, I heard, "Except for the fact she hasn't realized her tit's totally exposed." Yet, it didn't elicit any reaction from his girlfriend.
Instead, he said, "I'll be here another hour or two..." That was followed softly by, "I hope my boner goes away by then."
Clearly, his girlfriend couldn't hear what he was saying. I decided I had heard enough, so I stopped listening in. A few minutes later, the call ended, and he resumed making lunch, as though nothing happened.
When he sat down, I asked about tonight's date. He hemmed and hawed, but finally spilled. They were going out to a friend's party, and it was supposed to be a big blowout. I told him Jack was taking me out tonight, as well. I then told him of our plans. After lunch, I suggested, "Hey, let's continue talking in the living room. I've got the couch. Jack will be here soon enough."
"Oh?"
"Yeah, I want to lie down."
"I see."
So we headed over there. He sat in the chair facing the couch, and I headed over to the couch. I went around it, so I would wind up with my feet angled a little away from him. To put my feet up, I would need to move them across his point of view. I also knew I was wearing one of my shorter skirts. So, without looking at him, I reached for one leg, and lifted it up, and pushed it over to the side of the couch, and over the armrest. I spent a few moments making adjustments, until I was satisfied. Then I went for the other leg. As I reached for it, I could see that my skirt had ridden up, and I could see my own slit. That meant Paris saw it also. But ignoring it, I lifted the other leg and placed it by the first. Again, I spent a few moments adjusting things.
Finally, I lay down, and turned on my side to face him. The one breast was still in full view, but now the nipple of the other had managed to escape, and was also in view. I could tell he saw it, yet we both pretended everything was normal. Several times, I saw him try to adjust himself, so I just pretended to not see it, and let him get away with that.
After he left, I masturbated and came three times before I was satisfied. Then I headed for the bath, to get ready for Jack. Or rather, clean. I was already ready. I wore the same skirt, but I wore the dark-mesh top, instead. We went to an afternoon show at the local theater, and watched a production of 'A Midsummer Night's Dream'. I got lots of looks, and the wheelchair seating had a great view of the stage.
We returned to my home, so I could change outfits, and such. I invited Jack to my room as I undressed. Once nude, I crooked my finger, calling him over to my bed. I spread my legs, and he kneeled before me and began to eat me out. I was in heaven. I said, "I've been horny all day. Even when my brother was checking me out. Is it wrong that we noticed each other and were aroused?"
Jack said something, but it was 'muffled in my muff'. Hehe. So I tried again, and I listened harder. "I mean, I saw his boner, and I know he saw how pointed my nipples were. Think I should let him?"
He sounded muffled, but I was able to hear, "That's incest. Might be hot to watch." That surprised me.
"So, you want to watch?"
Again, I barely heard him say, "Why would I want to watch?"
"You just said it might be hot to watch!"
Suddenly, he stopped and pulled back. "Helen, I haven't said anything. My mouth has been full."
"But I heard you say 'That's incest. Might be hot to watch.'"
"I didn't say that," then he got a strange look before continuing, "... but I did think it."
"Huh?"
"I said I thought that, but didn't say anything."
"You mean... I heard your thoughts?"
"Maybe. Perhaps you got lucky, or imagined what I might say, but I kind of doubt it. Perhaps, we should see if you can hear my thoughts again. Tell me what I'm thinking?" He then leaned in and continued to eat me out.
"Let me see..." I concentrated on listening, but since we suspected telepathy, I tried to listen to unusual things, as well. At first, I got the idea of food, and I recalled we were supposed to go to a steakhouse for dinner. Yet, as I tried to refine what I observed, I seemed to be getting the idea of sushi. Something that the steakhouse didn't have. I tried to see if I was misreading, and tried to read him again, but in a different way, but still got sushi.
I came, and he pulled back, asking, "So, what was I thinking, besides eating you out?"
"You were thinking of eating."
"Well, I was eating... you. Is that all?"
"No, but it makes no sense. We're heading to a steakhouse, but the food you seem to be thinking about is sushi. The steakhouse has some baked fish, but nothing like sushi."
"My god. You were reading my thoughts!"
"Sushi? Come on. Where are you gonna get that?"
"You remember my friend, Harold?" I nodded. "He works at the steakhouse. He's working on getting his chef certification, and wants to practice on us. So I agreed to a dinner of his choice, and he indicated we would have sushi."
"But won't the place object? They're a steakhouse!"
"True, but the chain is owned by a company that runs several chains, one of which is a Japanese buffet, as opposed to the Texas steakhouse we are going to. His boss is supportive of his work, as they need several Japanese chefs, and have more than enough Texas ones."
My jaw dropped. "You mean I... did... read your mind?"
"I think so."
"What does this mean?"
"It means we've awoken a telepath. What you do with it, is up to you."
"But what should I do with it?"
"Well, for now, practice. I recall your game shelf has a copy of Trivial Pursuit. We should raid it for the cards. Then I can look at a card, you read me, and then compare what you got to the card. Then we can see how well you can read me. We can do it while we eat sushi."
"Won't everyone stare at us?"
"Sure they will. Given what you are going to wear, they would anyway. Likewise, we will be eating off the menu, so that will also make them stare. We can talk quietly, so they won't know what we are saying, and they won't notice how we are using the cards."
"I see. In that case, I guess I better wash up and get dressed. Care to help?"
"Sure, but no sex. That would only delay us, and I don't want to keep Harold waiting."
While I flirted a little, and let him see me naked longer than necessary, we arrived in sufficient time. I told Jack I wanted to walk in, and skip the chair. He nodded, and held my hand as we went in. Jack asked the hostess to alert Harold, and she led us to a table near the kitchen. I saw many watch me as I went by. I wore a thin vest that left four or five inches down the front bare. It was clear I had nothing under it. My skirt was also barely long enough to cover when standing up. When I sat, I could actually see a tiny bit of my slit. I loved the attention, lust from the men, and jealousy from most of the women, with a little awe at my bravery.
Soon after we were seated, then Harold came out. He was dressed in white, but didn't have the big chef hat. Instead, it was much smaller. He did have the fancy company name tag. Jack introduced us, and Harold clearly sized me up. I helped by leaning over a bit, to let him see more breast flesh. We spoke about the meal, and what kind of foods I liked, so he could make suitable Japanese dishes that I should like.
First out was some sakizuke and sake. Then came some owan, a thin soup. Next was sashimi with four different fish, each with a paired dipping sauce. Next, we had some steak, but smaller, and prepared in a way I had never seen before. Jack said the next courses were sunomono, nimono, agemono, chawanmushi, and a finishing with seasoned rice, miso soup, and tsukemono. He described each as it came, and when I asked, Jack said he was helping Harold with the studying. Just when I thought it was done, dessert came: sherbet and green tea.
While a lot of this was odd to me, I could see how important it was to Jack, so I tried everything. Surprisingly, it was all good, and some was wonderful. Late in the meal, I had to excuse myself, and visit the ladies' room. After taking care of business, I decided to pull my skirt up an inch or so. When I returned back to my seat, I could not only feel the wind on my cunt, but I could tell several people noticed. When I sat, I saw a lot more of my slit.
Throughout the meal, Jack would read one of the game cards, and then look at me. I would focus on him, and say what I thought the card said. Jack then put the card in one of two piles. I soon learned that the somewhat larger pile was the pile I got right. Once I realized that, I tried to remember what I had done, so I could repeat it. Soon, I saw a change, and I was getting more right, but there was still a sizable amount wrong.
I sometimes picked up stray thoughts about having a dick thrust into my slit, but after a while, I realized I was picking up other people's thoughts. By the time I got in the van to leave, I was ready for sex. Instead, I had to settle for taking my vest off, and driving Jack back to my place, topless. I put it back on when I got home, but as soon as the door closed behind us, I took it off.
"I am so horny now. Everyone was looking at me, and I was even getting some of their lustful thoughts. Hurry up and take me now."
I pushed myself off the wheelchair, and walked, perhaps fell, the two steps over to the couch. I then stripped off my skirt and lay back. Meanwhile, he saw me, and was hurriedly removing his clothes.
"Watching you drive topless got me going, too."
A few seconds later, he was all over me. I was guiding him into my slit, while he was mauling my breasts and French kissing me. We were getting hot and heavy for several minutes, before I realized he still had his pants on. They were down around his ankles, but they were still on. I would have smiled, but we were still kissing.
To make things better, I tried listening to what his mind was saying, but not with words. Dinner had shown that I was able to pick up his thoughts somewhat, so I thought I might pick up the more base thoughts. I was right. I could feel his lust, and even a little of what he wanted me to do to him. So I followed my instincts, and gave him what I thought he wanted. I also watched his reactions, and so learned to play his body.
I lost track of his thoughts when I came, but I didn't mind. I soon got them back, and not long after, I came again. This time, he came also. We were both too impatient to wait for him to recover.
"Sorry honey, but it needs time to recover."
"But I want you in me now. I can't wait."
"I wish I could, but it's not like I can make it stand whenever I want."
For some reason, I fixated on that statement. Then I had an epiphany.
"Jack? Maybe you can. Your power lets you move a wooden dummy. Why not make your own 'wood' move?"
I felt him stop moving, as his mind was in shock at the idea. Then, still monitoring his mind, I felt him trying. A moment later, I felt a stirring where our groins met. I looked down, and I saw what was happening. When it was hard and long, I grabbed it, and guided it into my slit. We then continued. However, he couldn't hold it, and it started to soften.
Without realizing it, my mind reached out to reinforce what his mind was doing. To our surprise, it firmed up. I had more orgasms, and each time, the firmness left for a moment or two, but shorter each time. When he came a second time, he stayed firm, but I heard him snoring. Usually, he deflated when he succumbed to exhaustion. It wasn't until I tried to get out from under and stand that I realized something was off. I couldn't move my legs.
I could still feel things, but I could no longer control my legs. I started to panic at the thought of losing my newfound ability, and my mind was whirling. Suddenly, my legs moved. At the same time, I saw his dick finally slump. Wait. Was I responsible for his dick being up?
I got out from under him, and carefully made my way crawling to my wheelchair. I think I could have walked, but I felt things were a little unsteady, so I chose to go on all fours. Once I climbed in, and settled myself, I wheeled over to where I could see his dick. I then racked my brain to figure out what I did. I finally settled to imagining the whole thing through. When I imagined my asking him to try, and then his succeeding, I saw his dick twitch. So I went over it, again and again.
Once I got it to stand, I let it deflate. Then I tried it again. It was hard, but I seemed to figure out what didn't work, and was able to spend less time making it happen. Jake woke up an hour later, and took a few moments to notice his dick alternating between flaccid and rock hard.
"What the hell?"
That knocked me out of my focus, and it went flaccid. I also suddenly felt rather tired. "Huh?"
"Did you see that?"
"What"
"My dick. It was going up and down, like it had a mind of its own."
"Oh! That! Um...." I had to think about how to say it. "I... uh... was trying an experiment."
"What do you mean?"
"You have the ability to affect inanimate objects. I apparently have the ability to sense your mind. So when you used your ability to make your dick get hard, I was there, watching your mind. Later, I apparently helped you stay hard. Just now, I was trying to cause my own mind to do what you did, and it seemed to be working. I think I have been doing this unconsciously with my legs, as they seem to work well after you go."
"Wow. That's something."
"Yeah. If I can really do this reliably, I can leave the chair. But I need a lot of practice, and a little bit of fun, to make all the work bearable."
"Well, I'll help you practice."
"Thanks. Um, practicing tired me out. Would you mind if I kicked you out and I went to bed?"
"No. It's been a long evening, and we both discovered new stuff. I, too, am tired, but for other reasons." He wiggled his eyebrows, and I giggled. "Goodnight."
"Goodnight."
I walked straight to bed, not bothering to clean up the living room. He got dressed, and left, locking the door after him.
I awoke to a cry of "Helen!"
It was Paris, standing in the doorway.
Groggily, I said, "Huh?"
Still staring, he said, "You're naked."
I looked down at myself, and said, "So I am. Say, bro, do I look hot enough that you want to have sex with me?" As I was saying it, I realized what I was saying, and quickly tried to monitor his thoughts. I did nothing to cover up.
It took him a few moments, before he said, "Sis, of course you look hot. You're healthy, curvy, and if not for the paralysis, you might be a model, you're so fit."
Unspoken, his thought was, "I'm getting a boner. I hope she doesn't notice."
I looked around the room, then remembered the wheelchair was still in the living room. "Paris? I left the chair elsewhere. Can you carry me to the shower? I need to get clean after all the sex I had with Jack last night."
"Too much information, sis." He did, however, come over and picked me up.
As he carried me to the shower, I said, "Really, bro? Your dick wants me. I saw how hard it was getting."
"Sis! Really?"
"Hey, I'm naked in front of a guy. That is making me horny."
He rolled his eyes, and just carried me to the shower. He sat me in the chair, and started the water. I continued to talk about our date, and the great sex, and asked him his opinion on many things. Somehow, I made it so enthralling, that after handing me the shower wand, and mostly closing the curtain, he sat down at the front of the tub to continue talking with me.
As I talked, I also washed myself, but I was tapping into his mind to see how he was taking it. I spent extra time washing my breasts, and when I washed my legs, I pulled them apart to show off my cunt. I also tried the dick trick I used on Jack, to see if I could cause my clit to come out to play. After a while, it made its appearance, and really noticeably.
I finally handed him the shower wand, and asked him to grab a towel. As he turned to do that, I lifted one leg to the other side, so I was doing a split, facing the room. I pulled the curtain back, then concentrated on his dick. I willed it to get real hard, and then enter my pussy. To hide what I was doing, I continued the talk, and asked if he could dry my feet, as they were hard to reach. When he was about to finish, I said he should continue up my legs a bit.
He seemed to be losing focus on the conversation, and instead, was focusing on drying my body. I continued to will his dick into my pussy. Slowly, and carefully, he was drying my body from the bottom up. From the feet to the shins, then the knees, then the upper legs. I was expecting him to stop before he got to my crotch, or to skip over it. Imagine my surprise when he dried that also.
Moving on up to my stomach, and then my chest. By this time, I expected he would dry my breasts, and I was right. He did, but it took him a lot longer than I expected. Suddenly, one of his hands went down and pulled down the zipper of his pants. Out popped his dick, and without even looking, he pulled me closer to the edge, and leaned in. I used the puppet control to aim it for my pussy, and as he leaned in further, it made contact, in just the right spot. He finally finished drying my breasts, by which time his dick was halfway into me. He then started drying one arm, then the other. I lifted my legs, and made them encircle him. This made us closer, and finally his dick was entirely inside me. The last thing he did was to dry my face. It wasn't too wet, since I didn't wash my hair today.
"Paris, can you carry me to my room? I need to get dressed." Before he could think, I encircled his neck with my arms, and pulled myself tight. I expected he could feel how hard my nipples were, through his thin shirt. As he carried me, I used the movement to disguise my own movement to make his erection go in and out of my pussy. We barely made it to my room, when he came. He almost fell, but managed to move and fall onto my bed, with him on top.
"Oh, Paris! I'm coming!" I really was, but I wanted him to know. While he was struggling to process that, I pulled his face to mine, and kissed him deeply. I broke off with, "Play with my breasts. Make me come harder!" Then I went back to kissing. When I noticed one of his hands flailing, I grabbed it and pulled it to my breast, and pressed my breast into his hand.
Finally, his ejaculation spent, he gasped, "Sis! This is so wrong."
"I don't care. My body has been ignored for so long, it has needs. Having you come inside me felt so good. Knowing your body wants mine helps me so remember I am a woman. That you look at my breasts and pussy before my face tells me I am a real woman."
He pushed off of me, and lay beside me, so I rolled to my side and looked him in the eye.
"Helen, I shouldn't be seeing you naked. I shouldn't be touching your breasts. I shouldn't be kissing you."
"So what? This latest rehab has re-awoken my sex drive. They weren't too careful about dressing me. I wasn't fully awake the first time, so I didn't call them on it. But when someone fingered me, I realized I enjoyed it. I decided to take advantage of their lack of care about my clothing. More people touched me, and I allowed them to take less and less care about dressing me. Or about being seen without full covering."
"They abused you? We'll sue!"
"Some did, but is it abuse if you want it?"
"What do you mean?"
"I could easily have stopped it, but I was enjoying being a sex toy. Hell, I even did a stint of over two weeks completely naked, and was not officially noticed."
"What!"
"Yep. The people there fingered me, and played with my breasts, and I let them. I was so turned on with my re-energized sex drive."
"That's so perverted."
"But it felt so good."
"Really?"
"Yes. Since it is such a closed community, I felt it would be a good testing ground to see what I really liked. And I liked being a sex toy for others. I liked being looked at, even by you right now. I can see your boner growing, and that pleases me."
"You're a pervert."
"Probably. So what? Does that mean you will stop looking at my breasts?" I saw him flash red in embarrassment, before he averted his eyes. But not for long.
"Oh god, I'm a pervert, too," he sighed.
"It's okay, bro. I won't tell."
The conversation stalled for a few minutes. Then I realized Paris was at my place. "Paris? Why did you come over today?"
"I thought I told you last week. I'm here to help you with your shopping."
"Oh. Sorry for distracting you. I definitely need some serious shopping."
"Really? You should have plenty of food."
"I do. But clothes are another matter. With my newfound desires, I need new clothing. And work even signed off on it."
"What do you mean?"
"I'm showing off at work, sort of. My new clothes cover less than is appropriate, but to get sufficient, I need to bargain shop at some secondhand stores."
"Sounds like a lot of time."
"I'll buy lunch."
"... Deal."
We got dressed, with some awkwardness on his part, but then went shopping. He was amazed at what I chose to buy. That night, on the phone with Jack, I told him all about my sexy morning.
During the week, I wore outfits that were between what I had been wearing, and my sexier Casual Friday outfits. On Wednesday, I wore something I had previously only worn on a Friday. When Friday came, I went with the black-mesh top. I had another top folded up in my purse, in case it was too much, but no one said anything. I did eavesdrop on everyone when they first saw me. I got quite a lot of thoughts.
I was concerned about the other women at work, but one's thoughts were, "You're such a hussy." Another woman's was, "I wish I was that bold." It seems they had strong opinions, but not strong objections. The guys' thoughts, on the other hand, were more entertaining. The best one was, "She must be aware we can see her nipples, but if she isn't, then I'm not gonna tell her." I think all the guys left with boners.
That weekend, I spent Saturday with Jack, ending with a two-hour sex session. When he left, I was naked on the couch, and very tired. I remembered Paris was due in the morning for a tailgate event we were going to. I was about to head to bed, when I had a wicked thought. Instead, I just lay on the couch to go to sleep.
My plans went awry, however, when he arrived with two of his buddies. We were scheduled to go to a football game, this afternoon, and have a tailgate in the parking lot. He apparently bought four tickets, and his friends were riding with us. When I heard the door open, I was already awake, and pretending to still be asleep. When I heard Paris talking with others, and then everyone stopped, I realized what had happened. I decided to let them get a good look, and continued to pretend.
Paris was a quick thinker. He grabbed a coverlet from the chair, and threw it over me for modesty. Then he shook me awake.
"Helen, wake up! We have company."
I let him wake me, then I sat up, and allowed the coverlet to fall from my breasts. "Oh! Hello. You must be friends of Paris. I'm Helen."
Paris was busy trying to keep me covered, but I pretended to still be half-asleep. On the other hand, the guys were staring at my tits.
"I'm George."
"I'm Richard, but call me Rich."
"Not Dick?"
George laughed, and said, "Sure, he can be a dick."
"Shut up, George."
Paris said quietly to me, "Helen, you're naked. Please get dressed."
"Oh! Um, why don't you carry me to my room."
He picked me up, and as he lifted, the coverlet fell off. I just said, "Sorry, guys, I gotta get dressed. See you in a few."
George said, "No need to get all dressed up for us, ma'am."
Richard turned to George, and said, "Now who's being a dick. Idiot."
After getting me to my room, and settling me on the bed, Paris said, "Sis, you really shouldn't be naked where others can see."
"Why not? I enjoyed it."
"Seriously?"
"So did they. Did you see their boners?"
"Shut up, sis."
I then leaned forward, and stuffed my hand in his pants, grabbed his dick, and said, "You too. So thick and hard."
"Sis, someone might see!" He then practically fled out the room. I quietly laughed.
Then I thought about what to wear. Thinking over the new clothes I had, I realized some were in the team colors, and were also provocative. I listened, first with my ears, then my mind, and realized no one was in the hallway. Concentrating slightly, I stood and walked over to the door, and closed it. Then I locked it. I then went and got out the outfit, and tried it on. Moving to the mirror, I tried several things, and decided how much I could get away with. Then I took it off.
I then went to the door, and sat down on the floor. I placed the clothes, and the shoes and socks I would wear, in my lap. Reaching up and behind me, I opened the door, and proceeded to drag myself to the bathroom so I could wash up. Once in, I closed and locked the door. Then I stood up, and walked to the toilet to take care of business, then to the shower. I sat down, and began to shower.
As I was washing my breasts, I had another naughty thought. Could I get someone to peek in on me? Then I remembered the door was locked. I continued to wash my breasts a bit, then I came up with an idea. Maybe I could unlock it with the puppet power Jack was showing me. I'd had luck with his dick, maybe I could open the lock. I had to try.
After five minutes of no luck, I thought I should try to turn something, and have the handle turn in sympathy. But what to turn? Then I realized I was still washing my breast. Grinning evilly, I grabbed my nipple, and concentrating on making the handle do what my nipple was doing, I started to twist it. Looking at the handle, I saw it move a little. So I tried again, but twisted harder, and further, and used the pain to transmit my desire to the handle. It moved a bit more, but not enough. Hmmm... I was going to need to do more. So, bracing for the pain, I grabbed both nipples, and twisted real hard, and fast.
The handle turned, and the door came open. Me, somehow my pain turned to pleasure, and I just came. When I recovered from my orgasm, I could see the door was open at least two inches. Success. But my nipples were sore. So, I lavished them with some soap, and massaged the silky liquid into the nipples to soothe them. Next, leaning down a little to look at what the mirror showed of the hallway, I turned myself on the chair so my pussy could be seen by someone in the hall and looking in the mirror.
I began washing my feet, and moving up my legs, but at the same time I put out a strong desire for a dick to come to me. When my legs were finished, I did my back as best I could, then my arms. Still nothing. Becoming discouraged, I stopped transmitting, and washed my pussy. However, I was so aroused from before, it instead became masturbation. I got so into it, I failed to notice the door open, or my brother walk in.
I was fingering myself so fast, I could barely keep control. With my other hand, I was pulling a breast to my mouth so I could suck on my own nipple. Then I came. That's when I felt something wet hit me, but I knew the shower head was on the floor of the tub. I opened my eyes, and there was Paris, with his hard dick out and pointed at me,. He was jerking off to me, and the result was him coming on me. In fact, he was still spurting.
So I quickly leaned over, grabbed his dick, and pulled it into my mouth. Next, I did my best Hoover imitation, and sucked as hard as I could. It was enough to make him come again, and I swallowed everything. He was spent, and shuffled over to the toilet, and sat on the lid, staring at me.
"Thanks, bro, for the mini breakfast."
"Shuddup. They'll hear you."
I just picked up the shower head, and rinsed off the evidence, then turned off the shower.
I asked, "Why'd you come in?"
"You were taking forever, and we wondered what was happening."
"Now you know. A girl does like to pleasure herself, now and again."
"But what'll I tell the guys?"
"Tell them you knocked, and we talked through the door. Tell them I needed you to bring my wheelchair."
"Oh! I totally forgot. Sorry, sis."
"Not a problem. Now I need to dry off." I looked over at him, and winked, saying, "You want to help dry me off?"
"Uh, no." He got up and left, closing the door.
A few minutes later, he knocked, and I told him to enter. I was dried off, and dressed, sitting on the toilet seat. He helped me into the wheelchair.
"You sure you want to wear that?"
"Sure. They're team colors."
"Yeah, it is that."
"Don't worry bro, you and your friends will protect me."
Under his breath, I heard, "But who will protect you from us?" Or maybe it was only a thought. I hadn't been paying enough attention to tell.
Once back in the living room, George and Richard made their opinions known.
One of the advantages of being disabled is great parking. This meant a great tailgate spot also. My wheelchair lift also worked for the grill. As this was something we had done from time to time, we both knew the drill, and had things set up quickly, and the grill was going almost as soon as it was out.
Paris handled the food, and I was in charge of the drinks. As I tend to prefer wine to beer, we had a small bottle for me. Small enough for me to be sober when we had to leave. The guys, however, had a lot of beer. One hour later, we shut down the grill. An hour after that, we packed everything, and headed into the stadium.
Again, my disability meant we had good seats. Not fifty-yard-line great, but still with a good view. As the game played, the guys got more beer, dogs, and whatnot. I had the same, but it was root beer, not beer. At halftime, I went to the ladies' room, but before returning, I undid a button, and pulled my top out a bit. Now, if they chose, they could see my nipple by looking down my blouse. And with them kind of drunk, they wouldn't realize I did anything.
We stayed a good half an hour after the game finished, to let the anxious depart and clog the streets. As we left, we made a final stop at the restrooms. I undid another button, and pulled my top out even more. I also pulled my miniskirt up an inch, hoping they might see and realize I wasn't wearing panties. George offered to push me, and when they let him, I could sense he was constantly looking down my shirt. Eventually, we arrived at my van, and the lot was less than a quarter filled. Richard called shotgun, and the others let him. He spent much of the ride home checking out my nipples, since he could see them from the side.
We hit some traffic on the way home, but missed most of it because we delayed and took our time. The guys sprawled out in the living room, so I just hung out in my wheelchair. I did fetch some water, to keep them from getting dehydrated. Knowing they were too drunk to drive, Paris decided to order pizza. I decided to try a naughty idea. While we were talking, and the guys frequently looking at me, and just how much skin was exposed, I focused again on the puppet power. While I was holding a glass of water in one hand, and talking and moving my other hand as normal, I wanted another button to become undone, and my top to open further.
Suddenly, they got quiet, and I felt the button come undone. I continued talking, as though nothing was happening, and caused my top to open enough that my nipples popped out. Eventually, they started talking again. A few minutes later, the doorbell rang.
"I'll get it." I wheeled over to my purse, then the door. The pizza guy's eyes got big, but he was a pro. I recalled he was only a year older than me, but he was my regular pizza guy. I just pretended not to notice, and took the pizza. I put it on my lap, put the purse back on the table by the door, and wheeled myself back to the guys. As I wheeled in, I focused, and made the last button undo itself, and let the motion of wheeling myself cause the top to open wide. I took a slice, and put the boxes on the coffee table near the guys.
There was silence for at least fifteen minutes, as we ate, but I could tune in to their thoughts, and realized I was getting everyone quite aroused.
After eating several slices, Paris announced he was headed for the guest bedroom to sleep it off. He asked the guys to lock the door behind them. I knew he'd be out like a light for several hours, so I decided to play. When I leaned in for a second slice, I allowed my legs to open up a few inches. When I leaned back, and started eating the slice, I used the puppet power to pull my skirt up a little. I saw both men get real hard, as they stared up my skirt. So I concentrated on their dicks entering me. I even imagined that their pants would unzip for them.
To help the effect, I began to breathe deeply, but a little slower. I was still getting the same amount of air, but now my breasts were rising and falling noticeably. Then I was surprised, as the zippers on both pairs of pants unzipped, and their dicks showed themselves. Then George got up.
He came over to me, and seeing I was done eating the slice, he said, "Come sit with me on the couch."
"Okay." I reached out to put my hands around his neck as he lifted me. Then he surprised me, and sat down, and it looked like he was trying to guide me onto his lap in such a way, as to impale me. Since I wanted this, I used a little puppet power to pull my miniskirt out of the way, and guide his erection into me. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see my miniskirt was so high, I could see his dick penetrating my pussy. But I pretended I didn't notice.
Richard was big eyed at George's audacity. But since I didn't say anything, it took him a bit, before he was able to ask, "Helen, are you comfortable?"
I knew he was referring to George's dick, so I just said, "I'm fine. Why? I'm just sitting on George's lap."
"It doesn't feel awkward?"
"No, but then I can't feel anything from the waist down. That's my disability, and why I use the chair."
George, thinking I couldn't feel it, started to push in and out of me. Even though I was lifted a little each time, I just pretended I didn't notice. Even as I ignored the exposed dick across from me. But I wasn't actually ignoring it. I was imagining it was in my mouth. When George came, I came, and suddenly, Richard stood. He fetched a slice of pizza, and walked over to me, and offered it to me.
"Helen, you still hungry?" He indicated the pizza.
"Yes, a little."
He got closer still and lowered the pizza to me. "Here, have some more pizza."
I leaned into him, but instead of taking the slice, I said, "I'll take the hot dog."
He repeated, "Hot dog?" But I just grabbed his dick, and pulled it into my mouth.
"Uh...?"
I just continued to suck. I also started playing with his balls. It didn't take him long, before he came.
When he looked like he was about to faint, I pulled him down beside us, and said, "Relax here. Lean over, and suck my nipple." This was enough to get George hard again, but this time, he reached out and played with my other breast.
It got quite late, and we decided it was too late for them to drive home, so I invited them to share my bed. I had them remove my clothes, then their own, and I lay between them. I pulled their heads together, so they could go to sleep sucking a nipple.
In the morning, I woke up between them, and remembered what had happened. I decided to take advantage of the situation, and saw they both had morning wood. Looking over them, I turned to the thicker one. Then I backed into the other, and used my puppet power to make him roll over and stick his dick into my ass. After I did that, I did the same to the other, only into my pussy. Then I slowly rocked back and forth for some action.
This was enough to sort of wake them. They realized they were having sex with a gal, and began to be more forceful. Soon they realized it was a three-way, with me in the middle. But any reluctance was overridden by their small brains. I encouraged them to go slow, and enjoy it. Suddenly, I heard the soft sound of the guest bathroom's toilet, and realized Paris was awake. Figuring he would be in to check on me shortly, I told the guys to speed it up, faster and harder. I wanted to see who was more powerful. Thus, when Paris opened the door, he saw me orgasm, while his friends were pounding me from both sides. Paris was stunned.
When I came down, I said, "Thanks, guys. It's been great, but it's a new day, and you gotta go."
"Thanks, Helen."
"Yeah, thanks a lot."
When they turned to get out of bed, they saw Paris, and both sputtered, trying to explain, but I spoke loudly, saying, "Paris, don't blame them. I wanted a threesome, and they volunteered; right, fellas?"
"Yeah."
"Right."
Paris just sighed, and said, "Time for you two to go," and he moved aside, and waited pointedly for them to collect their stuff and leave the bedroom. He even waited for them to dress in the living room and go. Then he sat down next to me on my bed, and sighed again.
"Sis, what has happened to you?"
I decided it was time to come clean. Partially. "Paris, something happened at rehab. Somehow, I got intermittent feeling again. It is clearest when I am having sex. It's been years since I felt anything between my legs, that I suppose I went overboard in wanting more. On the other hand, I learned I like letting others see and touch my body sexually. That's behind my recent clothing choices. I want others to desire me, and as you saw, it seems to be working."
"But you could get into trouble."
"I know. I can't say I don't care, 'cause I do, but I am enjoying being the center of attention, instead of the wallflower that most paralyzed people become. I think that's also the reason I am getting away with brazen outfits. The pity factor."
"Huh?"
"They have pity on me, for being a cripple, and so, let me get away with things other women cannot."
"Oh, I hadn't thought of it that way."
"I have, for years. I know what it's like. While I resigned myself to it, this new phase is something new and wonderful, and I intend to enjoy it while I can."
"What am I going to do with you now?"
"Make me happy?" I then reached over, and unzipped his pants, and pulled out his dick, then leaned down, and deepthroated it.
"... When did you learn to deepthroat?"
When I came up for air after he came, I said, "Third guy I had sex with wanted me to do him. It took a lot of practice, but as you felt, it paid off."
"And the anal?"
"That's recent. I was curious, and found that I'm okay with it. I don't especially like it, but neither do I mind. And it makes a three-way easier, as you saw."
I pulled his hand between my legs, and pushed some of his fingers into myself. "I can feel this now. I couldn't before. Go ahead, and finger me. I want you to get me off." I then pulled his other hand to my breast. Slowly, he accepted it, and began in earnest to satisfy me. After I came, he excused himself, and left.
That week, at work, I again wore the same kind of clothes as last week, but this time, I began to practice having them move a small amount to expose me while others looked at me. But it was Friday when I got a shock. One of the guys at the conference table sat real close to me. While we listened to the presentation, I felt him place a hand on my leg and started sliding it up under my skirt.
Wondering what brought this on, I focused on hearing his thoughts, and caught the thought, "Cousin George was right! She doesn't feel anything below the waist!" Fishing further, I learned he was the cousin of Paris' friend who visited the other day. So I decided to help him a little. When he pushed my legs apart a little, I made them go apart a bit more. I also caused my skirt to rise a few inches, as he pushed his hand into my pussy. Lastly, while no one was looking, I caused a button to undo itself, and my top to pull open a bit, making it a lot easier to see my nipple from the side he was on.
The next weekend was quiet. Paris stopped by for lunch, but left soon after. Jack and I had a few hours of fun. And then it was over.
When I arrived at work, I immediately sensed the mood was different. Everyone tried to act the same, but I noticed it was off. So I peeked, and tried reading people's thoughts. That's when I learned Mr. Finger-me-while-I'm-unaware had told everyone what he had done. Or at least sufficient people, that it spread like wildfire.
Tuesday, there was another presentation, and two guys sat close to me. I wasn't surprised they both wanted to finger me, but they surprised each other when they bumped hands. I had already made sure my hands were above, on the table, so they realized what was going on. After a few moments, however, they both stuck a finger in me and fingered me at the same time. With my hands still in plain view, I caused the bow of the laces on my top to become undone. That released the tension, and the two sides of the top pulled a little apart. Every time the screen changed, I caused the laces to slip a tiny amount. By the end of the presentation, they were clearly loose, and my nipples were barely contained.
I knew the boss saw me, as he was making the presentation. Every few slides, he stopped talking a moment, before continuing. I also realized he knew I didn't use my hands to undo my top. So when the presentation ended, he started the usual discussion. I contributed my part, which meant everyone else noticed, as well. For the rest of the day, whenever I saw two people acting suspiciously, I eavesdropped. I soon realized a few things. First, the two fingering me bragged, and it went like wildfire and everyone knew within the hour. The second was that people noticed how loose my top was, and that from a certain angle, you could see a nipple. Lastly, everyone noticed the guys getting boners, and trying to hide them.
People had come to realize how little I wore, and that I seemed unaware of what I was showing. I also felt strong curiosity as to what I would wear on Friday. Given how hot it was supposed to get, I felt I could get away with wearing a miniskirt, and a strappy top that was rather thin. That morning, when I looked in the mirror, I could clearly see the outline of my nipple. It was also less than an inch from being exposed. A little practice, and I could cause a strap to go over my shoulder and drop, thus revealing the nipple, and more than half my breast.
Today, I had a presentation, and after I made it, the boss came up to me, and put his hand on my shoulder to thank me. We spoke briefly, then he sent me on my way. But when he lifted his hand, I quickly focused, and caused the strap under his hand to fall off my shoulder. To everyone else, it would seem like he accidentally knocked it off. But since I didn't react to my breast being exposed, no one said anything. I didn't fix it, and for the rest of the day, I got a lot more coworkers visiting than usual. I eavesdropped to see how they felt about my being exposed.
It was only two hours until quitting time, so I wasn't exposed the whole day. When I got home, I reflected on how many perverts I worked with. But it gave me an idea. Casual Friday would become Wardrobe Malfunction Friday, and what I used to wear for Casual Friday would become daily wear. Miniskirts of various lengths became the uniform, with the shortest ones worn Friday. Tops were thin enough, that you could always determine the size of my areolas. Often, you could get a down blouse. But on Friday, I would cause a mishap to expose a nipple, usually by having someone brush against my top. Presentation fingering became the norm.
The third Friday, I wore a crop-top that showed a lot of underboob. I had already heard about the inventory we needed to do, so I was prepared. When I lifted my hands over my head to hand up a box of stuff, my top pulled up just enough to show nipples. The third time it happened, I applied a little extra, and caused the nipples to catch, so that the top didn't go back down. For the rest of that day, everyone saw my nipples.
Spring came to an end, with Memorial Day weekend. The boss threw a party for the office at his home, as usual. As I loved swimming in his pool, I wore a bikini, also as usual, but it was smaller than normal. After an hour of swimming, the ladies decided to get out and tan. They had me lay face down, and applied sunscreen to me. I told them they had to go under the bikini, since it was UV transparent for an even tan. Next, they did each other and lay beside me. However, I noticed one of them had pulled the strings to the bows holding my bottom on. While still technically on, they would come off quite easily. A half hour later, it was time to turn over. The one who considered me a hussy, pulled my bikini bottoms in between my legs, then said we should all turn over.
I did, and could tell that my bottom could now be easily removed. They both helped put lotion on me, but since I was specifically not looking down, I did not see who removed the bottoms when they applied lotion down there. One of them, when applying lotion to my breasts, seemed to take a long time, and to play a little, but I decided to feign being half asleep.
The next changeover, half an hour later, they decided to untie the back of my top. When next we flipped, they pulled the top off as they were applying lotion to my breasts. Twenty minutes later, came the call to dinner. Two of the guys pulled me up between them, and helped me to the table.
Conversation started up, but it was a bit stilted by my obvious nakedness, and apparent unawareness of that fact. I was surprised to feel a set of delicate fingers go into my pussy. Apparently the woman beside me was, at least, curious.
After dinner, I went back to the pool, and joined in the games. The one that stuck out was the one where a woman gets on the shoulder of a man, and they team up against others to pull them down. We went down a few times, but so did the others. But the time I got twisted about on his shoulders, he chose to instead start eating me out, rather than reposition me. I did my best to ignore what he was doing, but I could see the others notice, and give us some quality time by going easy on us.
It was time to leave, and the guys offered to dry me. I let them, and when they folded up the towel, I saw them sneak in my bikini. I put on the wrap, but it was translucent, and you could clearly see I was nude under it. Still, no one said anything, and I drove home like that. I stopped a few blocks short to put my bikini back on.
Two weeks later, near the end of the day, one of the guys was standing next to me, going over our project. He was clearly looking down my blouse to gaze upon my nipples. I could tell, because his sentences were short and broken. I decided to take advantage of his distraction, and I lightly touched his leg, and used my puppet power to cause his zipper to go down, and his dick to come out. It was already hard, from looking.
Before he noticed, I turned to stare, and said, "Oh! A snack!" then I quickly grabbed his dick to keep him from pulling away, and then deepthroated him. He froze in shock, at my suddenly sucking in his dick, then he finally relaxed and let me have my way. As I bobbed back and forth, I caused my top to open further with all the motion, so that soon, a full breast popped out.
After he came, I licked him clean, then packed him away. "Thanks, Sam, that was a nice snack." I then went back to talking about the project.
A few minutes later, he put a hold on things, and asked, "Helen? What just happened?"
"What do you mean?"
"You just, you know, sucked it all in, like it was ordinary."
"Oh! Well, um, it has to do with my paralysis. Since I can't feel it down there, I need to feel it somewhere, and my mouth is perfect. Plus, guys love sticking it in, since I can deepthroat."
"Doesn't it bother you?"
"What? That suddenly your dick was in my face? Well, I don't know why you put it there, but I certainly enjoyed it. Plus, these summer clothes make me feel sexy, and that, in turn, makes me horny. So, I really did enjoy it."
Later that week, during a private session with another guy, he secretly pulled out his dick while looking over my shoulder. When he asked a question I needed to turn around for, I saw it, and did the same. The next week, it happened three times before Friday. For my presentation on Friday, I had my strappy top on, so I knew the boss would get behind me, and put his hands on my shoulders. When he removed his hands, as expected, both straps came off. But what was not expected, was the fact that as he stood there behind me, I slowly caused his pants to unzip, and his hardening dick to come out.
When he removed his hands and stood to my side, everyone saw his dick. As I turned and saw it, I pounced on it, and everyone watched. As I bobbed back and forth, my top settled lower and lower. When I packed him up, the straps were at my elbows, and the top was around my waist, leaving my breasts on full display. I didn't bother to acknowledge it, and thus, didn't fix it for the rest of the day. Near the end of the day, a guy unzipped in front of me, and pulled out his dick.
I looked up at him, and said, "Thanks." Then I deepthroated him. As I did, I noticed two others were peering around the corner, watching.
The next week, it seemed a guy came by two or three times a day to have me deepthroat him. This was in addition to the daily fingering I got. I monitored the women to see that they were okay with what was happening. After a few days, the one who thought I was bold, was feeling jealous because she didn't have a dick. Looking deeper, I realized she was bi-curious, so I tried to plant the idea of her coming in on Friday with a short skirt and no underwear.
At lunch, I willed her to come by, and ask me about it.
Standing next to me, she asked, "We've seen you gobble up dicks from all the guys here. What's with that?"
"Oh, well, I found I like it, and since I feel nothing below, I use what I have. Why, you jealous?"
"... Uh, a little."
"Would you like me to eat you out?"
"What!"
"Sure, why not? What's good for the gander, is good for the goose." I then willed her to lift her skirt to give me access.
Slowly, her hands moved, and lifted up her skirt. Soon, it was apparent she had no underwear on, and I dove in. I did what I could to make her come, even fingering her as I licked, and bit her pussy. She was wide eyed at the fact several people were watching us, but she was helpless to move. With my other hand, I held her skirt up. Then she came, and came hard. I think the public exposure is what caused it. When she settled down, I pulled back, and wiped my mouth.
"So, how was that?"
"Um, nice. Real nice." She was clearly embarrassed, and seemed to forget I was still holding her skirt up.
"I enjoyed it also. Here, let me have one last lick." I quickly leaned in, and licked her slit from bottom to top, then sat back and released her dress. Suddenly, she pushed her dress down, even though it already was. Then she ran off. Next week, she asked me to do it again, but she chose a time and place more private.
Three weeks passed, with me getting fingerfucked daily, and giving deepthroats as well. Finally, one of the guys asked for a short meeting with me in private. We went to a conference room, where he said, "Helen, um, I'm not sure how to say this, but I think people are taking advantage of you."
"Paul, what makes you think so?"
"Well, you don't seem too aware of your attire, and where other people are standing."
"I am quite aware of what I am wearing, and usually pretty good about knowing where people are around me. I need to be, to navigate my chair."
"It's more than that. Uh..."
I could tell he was trying to tell me I was flashing often. I concentrated, and focused on what he was thinking. I was surprised there was genuine concern there, about others abusing my 'accidental' exposures. I could also tell he was feeling guilty of presenting his dick to me a few times.
"Paul, people are not abusing me. I know all about my state of undress. You didn't think I could have that many 'accidents', did you?"
"Huh?"
"I like sex. I like being the center of sexual attention. And I do like sucking dick. As to being stripped at the pool, I don't mind. Everyone was enjoying my body. Heck, at one point, a man was putting lotion on my breasts, and I let him."
"You knew?"
"Yes, Paul. As for what I wear, and what I don't wear, I know how often others see my naughty bits. I am also aware of being fingered daily."
"You knew? But why?"
"As I said, I like sex. Before the latest rehab, no one paid attention to my body, beyond a 'poor little cripple'. I accepted that, as I thought the same. But at rehab, something happened, and it awakened my sexual nature, and now I can't get enough. I don't think I am a nympho, but I am definitely an exhibitionist."
"Oh."
"Hey, you cared enough to try to help me. That means a lot to me. Last month, my boyfriend and I parted ways. His job took him elsewhere, and we always knew it might not last. We did a lot of exploring my new sex drive, and I learned just how flexible my desires are. I'm not exactly bi, but I don't mind it."
"So, the other day with Sally?"
"Yep. She was troubled at the one-sided nature of my favors. Now, she's not. She's still working out if she wants it, though. That's her decision."
"Oh, I hadn't thought of that."
If you want me more than just sucking your dick, just ask. I'll let you suck my nipples, finger me, and come in me, front, back, or mouth."
"Huh?"
"We're friends, especially after this talk. I just want you to know, that I consider it friends with benefits. You don't have to make use of it, but if you want it, I'll let you."
"I guess I underestimated you."
"I'm not surprised. I've been actively building up the idea that I am unaware of my body's lack of clothing. And while people should know better, their little brains are overriding their common sense. Even the ladies have bought into it."
"Oh my!"
"Don't tell anyone. I like how they seem so surprised, and embarrassed, when they get away with something, or see something."
"I won't."
"Is there anything else?"
"Not really. I spent hours last night trying to come up with a discreet way to bring up the subject, and you just blew me out of the water with your awareness."
I laughed softly, then said, "Sometimes, that's what happens. Just take your lumps, and move on.... So, then, I'll see you later, perhaps to have sex." I then left. He was blushing, but I think he will get over that.
That weekend, a fair-sized box arrived at my home. When I opened it, there was a suitcase, and a letter. The suitcase was worn, and I thought I recognized it from somewhere, but couldn't recall. Maybe the letter would say.
Dear Helen,
My new job pays better, and I made an investment in my side job.
I bought a new dummy, a "Harvey" model. This leaves me with an extra.
Since you seemed to have picked up a knack for such puppets, I thought
you might like my old model. I also included a book on the subject.
Jack
Well, that's why the suitcase looked familiar. I then pulled it out, and opened it. Inside was his old dummy, 'Slappy,' along with his outfits, and other paraphernalia. Tucked in one side was a book, 'Practical Ventriloquism for Dummies.' It even looked like the other 'For Dummies' books.
At first, I didn't think I would get into being a ventriloquist, but then I had a thought. Given how little I wore, and how much I would have to contort to bring the dummy out and put it away, I would have plenty of chances to flash the audience. So I read and studied the book.
The most obvious beginning was to speak clearly while not appearing to move my mouth. Less obvious was speaking in a voice suitable to the dummy. Learning to speak in a male voice without moving my lips was hard. Then came the gags. I needed to build up a repertoire of them, that I could string together into a routine. The book had all sorts of gags defined, so I could see what worked for me.
Given my penchant for display, and desire for attention, I chose 'Slappy's' personality to be a pervert. He would not only check me out, and comment, he would also pull my top out a bit, so he could look. That would also allow others to catch a peek. I decided to call him 'Tom', since he was essentially a peeping Tom. It took over two months to get a voice for Tom, that I could consistently use. And another month to have his mouth move in time to the words, while not appearing to speak myself.
By Thanksgiving, I was ready for an audience. I decided the rehab facility I had been in last would be good. If I made a mistake that revealed too much of me, they wouldn't mind. Likely, they were essentially a captive and usually bored audience, so I would have a fair amount of people watching.
I got a warm reception, and they asked me to keep coming. I gave two afternoon shows each weekend. As I got more comfortable doing the show, I changed one of the gags from Tom pulling my top out a little while he looked down, to, instead, undoing a bow, then pulling my top to look. This meant my top's bow was undone for the rest of the show, and when I would put him away, even more of my breast showed. Later, I switched from a top with a bow lacing the sides together, to a pair of bows on a pair of straps on a loose top. While it usually stayed up for the show, it always fell down when I leaned over to put Tom back in the box. I, however, pretended not to notice.
We had a nice Christmas party at a local hotel. But the next week was the New Year's party. That tended to be well lubricated, and I expected I would find myself 'molested'. I was looking forward to that. Somehow, someone learned I had a little ventriloquism act. They talked me into it, perverted gags and all.
The time came, and I didn't drink any alcohol, as I wanted my act to go perfectly. However, I pretended to slur my speech just a little, to make the others think I was getting drunk. Finally, it was time for the act. I wore a short dress that was backless. It came down halfway to my knees. While not transparent, you could see the shadows of my nipples, and if you looked carefully, you could see I had shaved my bush.
My first trick was getting the dummy into my lap. I did it in such a way, that it caught the bottom of my dress, and pulled it up toward my waist. Throughout the show, I would slightly adjust the dummy, and each time, the hem moved a little higher. About twenty minutes in, came the gag where Tom undoes my bow. It went off perfectly, with a very brief nipple flash before I rescued my top. However, rather than tie it back together, I just lay the two ends over my shoulders. Ten minutes later, I told Tom it was time for him to go to bed. As I leaned over to put him away, I commented on the fact he had a copy of Playboy in the box, but completely overlooked the fact the top of my dress fell forward.
So when I finished packing Tom away, I was effectively nude, with my dress bunched up around my waist. Yet, I pretended to be unaware, and slightly tipsy. At first, several people gathered around me to ask about how I got into ventriloquism. Several times during the discussion, someone sneaked a hand between my legs and fingered me in front of everyone. Later, I asked someone to help me onto the couch, so I could lie back. By this time, I had secretly unzipped the side of the dress, and caused it to catch in the wheelchair. When they lifted me, my dress slid off, and remained in the wheelchair. Now, I was really nude.
Two hours later, the party was ending. Some paid for a ride home, and most of the rest went to a room they had rented. I said I would stay a while. When everyone from the office had left, and only the hotel staff were in the room, I reached over for my dress, and put it on. I then got in my wheelchair, put the dummy's case on my lap, and headed home in my van.
At work the next week, several people complimented me on the pretty dress. They also complimented me on the act, as well. So I decided that I would wear the dress on Casual Friday. But I wore it a little differently. When I arrived, the bow was tied, but two inches further back. This meant the top of the triangular area over my breasts barely covered my nipples, and you could almost see the edge of the areolas when looking from the front. If I leaned forward, the nipples were in full view. Halfway through the late-morning meeting, we passed some documents around. I twisted my body to pass the documents, and this caused both nipples to pop out from under the dress, as I twisted.
When February came around, the office made a big deal about Valentine's Day. We were all asked to wear something sexy. Since it would happen on a Friday, I got a great idea. Okay, I thought it was great. I called Paris to help me find just the right item. We went to the mall, and to the lingerie store. There, I went for a nice teddy. But it was sheer, tied with a pair of bows in the front, and fanned out at the bottom to show off the matching panties. Those tied on each side, and were also sheer. I had fun teasing Paris by having him help me select and try on the outfit. After trying on and selecting the outfit, I called him into the changing room. I had just gotten undressed, and so was naked.
I said, "Paris, you've been such a help, you should be rewarded. So get it out." I willed him to pull out his dick.
As he unzipped, he said, "Sis, someone might catch us?"
"So? At least you won't be having a difficult time standing in public."
"Really, sis?" By this time, it was out and pointed at me.
I said, "Close the door, then come here."
He looked startled, and quickly closed the door. When he neared, I reached out, and pulled his dick into my mouth. I deepthroated him, and pulled his hands to my breasts, one at a time. With that accomplished, I grabbed his balls with one hand to play with them. My other hand was steadying me, or I would have used it, as well. It didn't take him long to come, and I swallowed it all. Then I licked him clean. Lastly, I put it back, and sighed.
"That hits the spot." I looked down, and saw I had a little wet spot. "Looks like I came, too. Uhm... you can let my breasts go now."
Startled, he opened his eyes and stared. Then suddenly, his hands almost exploded off my breasts. "Sorry."
"No biggie. It felt good. Now, I'll get dressed. Feel free to watch."
"No thanks. I don't want another stiffie." He stepped out, but forgot to close the door.
I didn't say anything, but noticing someone peeking through the racks, I took my time getting dressed. Finally, I exited with my selection. I handed it to Paris, and then grabbed the other items to return them to the racks.
When the day came, I left home only wearing the teddy and matching panties. It was freezing out, and several inches of snow was on the ground. When I entered the office, my purse was in my lap, so they didn't see the panties were also see through. My nipples were quite pointed from the cold. But I got a few wolf whistles, and several compliments. Even in the darker areas in the office, you could see through to my nipples.
As the morning meeting was finishing, someone asked, "Um, Helen?"
"Yes?"
"Your outfit is very much spot on for the holiday, but isn't it a little too revealing?"
"Yeah, a little. Blame it on the New Year's Eve party."
A number of people, having overheard this, stopped leaving, and stayed listening. I noticed, so I looked at everyone for a brief moment, before continuing with, "It was later on, when I was on that couch. Someone had given me a cookie, and a large piece fell. So I looked down, so I could grab the crumb and pick it up and eat it. The cookie was real tasty. It wasn't until after I had picked it up and eaten it, that I realized that it fell on a bare breast. So I looked down again, and saw that somehow I was naked, and someone had their hand between my legs fingering me.
"I must have been a bit drunk, since this seemed funny, and that I didn't need to do anything, but snigger at my situation. I'm not sure how long I sat there, before someone offered me a dick. I just inhaled it, and enjoyed it. When he came, I swallowed it all, and enjoyed the taste. They left, and I thought some more about my nakedness, but was distracted by another dick. Afterwards, when I looked down, it was a different hand fingering me.
"Strangely enough, I was having a good time at the party. So I decided not to do anything about it. Afterwards, several people visited from time to time, and I enjoyed the conversation. In the days since, I have thought a lot about it, and I realized that being seen no longer bothers me. And I realized that people are enjoying me sexually, both by fingering me, but also by letting me do oral on them.
"When I was first paralyzed, I thought my sex life was over. Now, I know it isn't. So I decided I would wear this naughty outfit. You all like?"
The one in front of me said, "Yeah, it's really sexy." Others nodded in agreement.
At lunch, someone fingered me. But they only moved my panties to the side, and then returned them when done. However, I used my power to pull the bows, and cause the panties to be totally untied. Then I caused the front to be pulled forward. When I wheeled away, my shaved slit was very visible to all, with the panties obviously pulled away. Since I was regularly fingered, I expected people would assume someone else had done the deed of exposing me. By mid-afternoon, the top was untied, and loose. It still covered my breasts, but with sheer material, that wasn't saying much.
Two weeks later, on Friday, we had more snow. On Monday, it was forecast to be cold, so I wore a light coat over a regular top. When I got to the office, it was quite hot.
"Hey, what's up with the heat?"
Andy spoke up, and said, "The system broke over the weekend, and is stuck on high. A repairman is due soon."
"Oh dear. We should open some windows."
"They are already open."
I just sat there, stunned. Finally, I said, "I hope they fix it soon."
About an hour later, we learned the weather forecast was very wrong. A bunch of hot air in a local high pressure zone sat and camped out. We were in for a heat wave. By the time lunch happened, everyone was sweating. At that point, the boss sent out an email:
From: Eric Sampson, site manager
Subj: Heat wave and HVAC repairs
Sorry, folks. It looks like our heater is really broken. The problem lies within the unit, and not the control, so we need some parts. The repairman is expediting them, but they wont arrive until Wednesday. In the meantime, the national forecast has been revised. This heat wave is sticking around a while.
So, until the system is working, the dress code is suspended. And to help those really put out, you can even go shirtless. I know it doesn't look so professional, but our health is more important than our appearance. Additionally, the cafeteria will have chilled ice water for all, on the house.
Don't worry about your appearance. Stay healthy
I quickly returned to the cafeteria, as did a number of others. Soon, everyone was talking about the email, and drinking ice water. First, one guy took off his shirt, saying he was taking the boss at his word. A few seconds later, several other guys were going shirtless.
I heard one of the women say, "Wish we could do that."
That hit me like lightning. A few seconds later, I was taking my shirt off. By the time it was off, everyone was staring at me and my bare breasts.
Seeing their looks, I said, "Sauce for the gander is sauce for the goose. Besides, it's not like you hadn't seen them and more at the New Year's party."
I saw several embarrassed faces. "Don't worry, I don't mind showing them." I then took a swig of ice water, and dribbled a little down my front. While they were speechless, I finished my drink and left, tucking my shirt beside me. For the rest of the day, many came by, and a few even offered me oral opportunities. I had twice as much dick that afternoon, as well as a little pussy.
Tuesday, as soon as I came in, I took off my top, surprising several. I also wore a miniskirt, that would barely cover me standing. Sitting down, most of my slit was visible. Several noticed, but no one said anything until lunch.
Sandra spoke to me quietly. "Helen, about your outfit. It's pretty skimpy."
I smiled, and said, "Yeah, I know. All the guys are having trouble looking at me in the face."
"I mean more than that."
"Well, they've been presenting me with dick treats, as well."
"Yeah... I don't know how you can take it. It'd have me overloaded rather quickly. But that's not what I meant about a skimpy outfit."
"Oh!"
"Your miniskirt shows you're not wearing underwear."
"I find underwear hard to get into and out of. That's why I usually wear a wraparound skirt."
"Well, the miniskirt you're wearing is letting everyone know you aren't wearing underwear."
"I know."
"You know?"
"Yes, Sandra, I know."
"But... why?"
"I enjoy being looked at. And the current suspension of the dress code lets me get away with this. Besides, the guys are certainly paying a lot of attention to me. I've seen several finger me."
"They shouldn't do that."
"True, but I like it also, so I'm not complaining."
That shut her up a bit, as she was rather shocked about my viewpoint. Eventually, she started back up, and we talked about the effect my blatant sexuality was having. Then we wandered to other topics.
The next day when I came in, I came earlier than usual. I undressed before I left the van. But I timed it to when no one would see me enter. I was going to spend the day at work in the nude. As I wheeled past some of the others, I got several double takes.
"Oh! My! God! You didn't!"
I turned slightly to see Sandra staring at me in shock. "I did so."
"How could you?"
"Well, the unit will likely be repaired today, so I just had to, while I still could. Tell me, haven't you ever dreamed you forgot to dress before you went to work? Well, I didn't forget. I planned. Now for a fun and sexy day."
She just shook her head and walked away. They guys, however, lingered to watch.
It turned out that the part that came was the wrong part, and they didn't get it fixed until mid-morning Friday. So I went to work in the nude Thursday and Friday.
By lunch Friday, the office was cooled off to a comfortable temperature. But since I wasn't wearing anything, I was a little cold. But since that made my nipples pop, I decided to remain nude. Also, I didn't want to admit my clothes were as close as my parking space.
That weekend, I went clothes shopping again. This time for a selection of sheer and other revealing tops. I decided I didn't need revealing skirts, but rather more miniskirts. I bought a total of four tops, and two skirts. I wore them the next week.
In May, my application for a transfer to the San Francisco office was approved. While I would be moving away from Paris, and my friends here, the weather there would be more conducive to the limited attire I desired to wear. But the big draw was a huge increase in pay. Since I was technically disabled with paralysis, I qualified for a low-rent apartment, and kept my parking privileges.
It took a week to drive there, and for most of that time, my shirt was unbuttoned, with my tits out. I put them away, when I checked in at motels. But part of my plan was to not use my wheelchair, for as long as possible. I still sat in it to drive, and that was how the van was configured. Otherwise, I got out, and walked into the motel, and to restaurants.
When I finally got to the city, I followed my phone's instructions to my new apartment. I used the wheelchair there, to sign with the landlord, but I told him that I didn't need it all the time. I also wore a sheer top, and he was staring. Most of my stuff wasn't due until the next weekend, so all I had was a suitcase worth of outfits, and my ventriloquism suitcase.
The next few days, I saw a doctor for a physical, and to confirm my disabled status to the state. I also located a rehab facility where I could volunteer on the weekend with my ventriloquist act. I felt I needed the practice, and they were an easy crowd. I also used it as a reminder that this is where my life changed for the better due to Jack and his act. While I used my wheelchair to get in and out of the apartment, I didn't use it inside.
In the evening, I walked to the apartment's pool, where I learned several women chose to be topless. So I immediately took my top off, and enjoyed my time wearing only a thong. After the second time, I no longer bothered to put a top on when I went to the pool.
The weekend came, and in addition to the moving van arriving, so did a crew from my new office. The manager said he felt this was a good way to get to know each other, and the office paid for the pizza and soda. I was somewhat embarrassed at first, as I had on a sheer top, and a short skirt without panties. I had planned on teasing the movers, but hadn't counted on the four from the office. Yet, no one said anything.
When they helped me set up my bedroom, they saw what clothes I had, and someone asked me about underwear. They were surprised that I didn't own any. I later asked the boss about what to wear, as I felt what I had might be a little too risque. He said it wasn't, and that this branch was rather casual. There was no Casual Friday, since everyday was casual.
Monday, I arrived, in a different sheer top and miniskirt, but I left the wheelchair in the van. I spent most of the day with various people learning how they did things here. I also learned that this office had a lot more visitors, and my job often dealt with them.
Over the next week, I settled in, and each day I wore a sheer top that showed my nipples, and a miniskirt. Quite often, I noticed people staring at my nipples, or peeking up my skirt. When they peeked, I used a little power to pull my skirt up a little, as I shifted my legs to give them a better view.
On Saturday, I totally forgot that I should wear something more discreet at the rehab facility for my show. I was halfway through the show when I realized Tom was sitting on one leg, and my other leg was spread to give him room for his legs. Clearly, everyone could see my shaved slit. Yet, the show must go on. I couldn't do the bow untying, but given the sheer top, and my slit on display, I didn't need it.
When I finished the show, and had Tom take a bow, I got a lot of clapping, and some cheers. So, when I packed Tom away, I didn't close my legs until I stood to leave the stage, even if it was just a chair facing others. When the administration gave me my pay, they thanked me for keeping their attention, and entertaining them. It meant a lot to the staff, as it gave them a reprieve from the incessant needs of the residents.
I decided I liked the city. The people accepted my exhibitionism tendencies without a word, yet with obvious desire. Within a month, I had donated all my old clothing to the local secondhand shop, and now all I owned was sheer, risque, or otherwise inappropriate for normal people. I also routinely flashed people.
I even joined a local gym, where I could exercise. It wasn't until I saw my trainer's eyes go big, that I realized I wasn't wearing a gym outfit, but a crop-top and miniskirt. By pulling up one leg in a vertical split, he could see I didn't wear panties. Yet, he never said a thing. Instead, he always positioned himself to get a good view on any exercise I did with my legs. I decided to cause my crop-top to rise above my nipples when I reached up. While a number of people watched me, no one said a thing. So I made that my 'uniform' for the gym.
In time, I met a guy there, and we got serious. Another point in his favor was that he also volunteered helping out at a local pet clinic. When he proposed, I said I had a secret he should know. I told him about my paralysis, and my subsequent learning to use my mind to overcome it. I even proved it by having him watch, as I mentally unzipped him and pulled out his dick. We then had sex. Afterwards, I mentally put his dick away, and zipped him back up. He grinned, and insisted this changed nothing. So I said, "Yes."