Authors Note: This is one of my darker stories. It contains physical violence and rape. Reader discretion is strongly advised.
Beth was a mess. That man had actually tried to force the door open. The shock of that terrible outburst combined with the fear that he might actually get in had flooded her body with fear. She didn't yet dare open the door to see if he'd actually left, but the surge of terror soaked her already wet pussy. Shamelessly she pulled her pants down and her top up and sat there in the strange bathroom as she started to masturbate. She couldn't help it. She knew it was fucked up, but she still shoved two fingers into her pussy before quickly adding a third with her right hand while her left began to grope her tits and tease her nipples. She didn't come to this dingy little hole in the wall to make money - that was just a happy coincidence.
She came here because when she was in this room she felt like a whore and that made her orgasms shine like a fireworks display compared to the sparklers they usually were. This time though she surprised herself. This time when she roughly slid her fingers in and out of her pussy and moaned in ecstasy, she imagined that the asshole that had just left had managed to break in here. He didn't settle for another blowjob though. He pinned her to the wall, pulled down her pants and forced his dick inside of her while she begged for him to stop.
Beth was just starting to understand her fetish for shame and degradation, so the idea of mainlining a rape fantasy, even by accident was too much for her poor little mind to bear. She came so fast and so hard that she saw stars, and when it was over, she was fairly sure she'd have let him fuck her if he was still there. Fortunately, once she got cleaned up and unlocked the door for a quick peek, she was alone in that dark parking lot. The walk home was creepy, but she did her best to stay along lighted roads. When she finally arrived home, Beth breathed a sigh of relief. As much as she had loved tonight, it had scared the crap out of her, and after sleeping on it, she decided that maybe she should stop doing this before something really bad happened to her.
That decision lasted almost three weeks. Beth tried her best to be a good girl. She stopped reading those terrible stories, she switched to normal porn videos, and when they didn't work, she gave going out with someone new a try. None of it helped though, and soon her nights were filled with dreams that were part way between a wet dream and a nightmare. Strange faceless men holding her down... Vague shadowy figures coating her in cum... Being paid piles of cash for innocuous photoshoots, only to be raped on top of the money by groups of men. After two weeks of waking up soaked, she finally gave in and scheduled another night at the glory whole for her fans, and on the jog there she chastised herself bitterly for it. Normal girls her age were spending their time getting drunk with guys their own age, or maybe getting high up at the reservoir with a cute college guy. They definitely weren't blowing strangers for cash so they could cum like a whore.
She wondered what was wrong with her the whole way down, but that didn't stop her from actually showing up. She couldn't. She needed this. She needed to choke on a stranger's cock, and blush brightly when they complimented her mouth. More than anything she needed to taste their cum and know that the only thing she would ever be to them was a warm wet hole. That's exactly what she did for the next two hours. She drained a mechanic who smelled of motor oil, she deepthroated a young nervous guy that had to be a college student, and she gagged on a trucker with a cock so thick she had trouble letting him fuck her mouth without using her teeth. She hated the way that the last guy smelled, but whenever he said something like, "Easy cunt - you use those teeth one more time and I'm going to come over there and use your ass instead," she melted a little.
Beth had really missed this she decided, after she closed up the hole when the third customer left and a fourth didn't show up. She'd cum with a cock in her mouth three times and couldn't be happier. The night couldn't have gone better honestly, and she wasn't sure why she'd ever let that one weirdo freak her out. She smiled, basking in the afterglow of such a wonderful evening when she unlocked the door to leave. As soon as she opened the door though, someone pushed her hard back into the small room, sending her sprawling on the dirty tile floor. Before she could even get back on her feet, he locked the door and then turned around to look at his prey.
"I knew you'd be back slut. Whores like you always come back." he blurted out. "Did you miss me?" Beth's blood froze as she realized she recognized the voice: this was that man that wanted to fuck her last time she was here. He was the reason that she almost gave this up, and now he was here to make good on his threats.
"Please sir, I don't know you," she started, "if you want--" He was a little over six feet tall, and he wore a ski mask to hide his identity, but not even the mask could hide his cruelty.
"You know what I want slut." he said matter of factly, as he took two steps toward her so that he towered over the girl on the floor, "So we can do that the easy way or the hard way."
"I was going home," she stammered, scooting away from him as much the wall would allow, "maybe next time though you could--"
"Bitch, I'm not waiting until next time," He reached down and pulled her hair until she was on her knees. "I came her for some sweet pussy and I'm not leaving her without it."
"No," Beth said, barely above a whisper, "You can't. I've never..." She started to tell him she was a virgin, but when she watched her rapist's eyes light up, she knew that would be a mistake, and desperately searched her mind for a better excuse. "I'm very religious and saving myself for marriage. Please don't ruin that."
"Don't ruin your cunt?" he snorted incredulously, "Is that what you're asking? Say please."
"Please," Beth begged. "Please don't fuck me."
The man paused for a long moment, before saying, "Maybe if you remind me how good it feels to cum in your mouth I might let you go home without ripping open your pussy."
Beth looked up at him, ignoring the way her knees hurt on the cold tile floor as she searched his cold eyes. She opened her mouth, and then closed it again, before moving her hands to his fly and pulling the zipper down. She thought of all the things she could have said, but dismissed each idea in turn; none of them would help, and at this point she had no idea what she could say that might provoke him. When she reached up to pull down his underwear though, he stopped her.
"Whoa, slow down there slut," he said, licking his lips, "before you show me how much you love the taste of my cum why don't you show me them titties."
Beth paused what she was doing and looked up at him with tears in her eyes. "Please," she whimpered, "Please don't make me do any more."
"Well, you can pull down that top and show em to me," her tormenter said, smiling cruelly before he pulled out a kbar knife that he'd had sheathed out of sight on the back of his belt, "Or I can cut your clothes off, and after I'm done raping you, you can run home naked. The choice is all yours darling..."
In the silence his words lingered, but Beth had trouble hearing or understanding anything after she saw the knife. Until that moment the idea that this psycho might stalk and rape her was literally the worst case scenario. She couldn't imagine anything worse than that, but after she saw the eight inch blade, her imagination was filled with a million terrible things, and none of them ended well for her. She kneeled there, rubbery and detached long enough for an annoyed look to cross his face, but as soon as he opened his mouth to give her another order she immediately reached up and pulled her top down to expose her small breasts, before she turned her head away and blushed in shame.
"Well look at that," He taunted, "God gave you an amazing mouth but a truly pathetic rack. How's it feel knowing you have to go through your whole life with those mosquito bites? Hmmm? I'm talking to you slut." As he spoke, he reached down and placing the flat of the knife against the cheek farthest from him, and with a little pressure mixed with the fear that he might cut her, he turned her back to face him. "Is that why you have to suck dick through a hole in the wall? Because the boys in your life only want to bang a girl that actually needs to wear a bra?"
"I-I--" Beth started, but her voice cracked and the tears finally started to fall, so instead she just nodded, shaking her head up and down as vigorously as she dared in the presence of the knife. She'd agree to almost anything if he'd just put it away.
"That's what I thought, I certainly wouldn't fuck a flat slut like you without a couple drinks" he said, letting the knife fall away to his side. He waited for five seconds and then added, "well cunt, what are you waiting for? This dick ain't going to suck itself."
With numb fingers Beth reached up robotically to free his dick. This was a nightmare, and all she wanted to do was wake up. She couldn't though. All she could do was do what he wanted and hope he didn't hurt her, so with her eyes closed she started to suck his dick on auto pilot just as she had practiced on more than a dozen partners now. She tasted the salty unwashed flesh of his sweaty dick, and she attacked the sensitive underside of his head, but her mind was a million miles away. She tried not to think about how she'd masturbated for weeks to similar scenarios - to being forced to service someone as she came on her fingers. Now she was doing just what she'd fantasized about, and there was nothing erotic about it. It just made her shiver in fear as she hoped it would all be over soon.
Her wish was granted in a way when he grabbed her blonde hair and pulled her head off his dick. Suddenly he pulled her to her feet, but before she could ask him what he wanted now, he slammed her against the cold cinder block wall. She didn't ask what he was doing as he grabbed her leggings and pulled them down to her knees. "You said you wouldn't..." she sobbed, "You promised."
"Maybe I did," he said, stepping on the crotch of her panties and leggings that were halfway down her legs so he could kick her feet apart and spread them even wider. "But if I did, it was just to twist the knife, slut." As he talked she heard the knife clatter as he dropped it well out of reach on the floor by the sink, and then he pressed against her from behind. His right hand guided his cock so that the head of his drooling cock was pressed against her virgin hole, while his left gripped her by the throat while he leaned in to growl into her ear. "For the rest of your life you're going to remember this moment, and you aren't going to remember the moment you fought, because you fucking didn't. No - all you're going to remember the moment you gave your rapist a blowjob and got his dick nice and slick so he could pop your cherry."
Beth was sobbing now, as his words cut her more deeply than his knife possibly could have while she squirmed beneath his touch. "No," she whimpered, feeling the head of his thick cock dragging up and down her pussy as it split her virgin lips. "Please don't... I-I won't tell, I won't... Nngghhhh..." She tried to plead, but it was too late. As she begged for him to take pity on her, she took that moment to push the head of his cock inside her hole. She'd lost her hymen years ago in gymnastics, but even so she'd never had a toy half the size of this cock, and Billy hadn't gotten more than his fingertip inside her before she stopped him. "Ahhhhh, fuck..." she gasped as it felt like she was being split open by her rapist.
Rapist. That was the right word. Beth was being raped, she thought in a detached way as she felt him start to slide deeper inside of her. This man was raping her against her will in a gas station bathroom because she was a stupid girl that had decided to do something dumb because it made her wet. "I'm sorry," she sobbed, realizing not just that this was all her fault, but that it was so stupid and preventable. None of this had to happen, but here she was being split open by a monster.
"Sorry?" her rapist asked as he bottomed out in her tight eighteen year old cunt. "Not yet, but you will be." He punctuated his threat by moving his right hand to her hip and pulling her towards him hard enough to sink an extra half inch of dick inside her so he could grind against her cervix and send a jolt of pain to the deepest part of her body.
"I'll make you sorry alright," he said as he started to fuck her in earnest.
"Sorry you ever sucked dick for cash." Whack.
"Sorry you ever met me." Slap.
"Sorry you ever turned down my generous offer to spend the night." Thwack.
Every sentence was punctuated by the wet slapping sounds of flesh on flesh as he pistoned in and out of her pussy. He was inside her, she thought. He was using her. Worse than that though, her body was starting to respond to the sensation. Not her mind. Beth was sure she hated what was being done to her, but as the fucking increased in speed and intensity, her nipples hardened, her pussy moistened, and she started panting.
"There she is," he said finally, noticing that she was finally starting to enjoy what he was doing to her. "There's the slut I knew I'd find here tonight. I knew you'd love my dick if you just gave it a chance."
"Never," Beth said, barking the word to avoid the moan that almost came out of her mouth instead. "I'd never enjoy anything a monster like you could do to me." It was a lie though, and she knew it when she said it. Even now she could feel little bursts of sparks he caused. Not just when he dick slammed home against her cervix either. When he tightened his grip on her throat or growled something particularly awful in her ear it was almost as powerful. She hated this, but her body loved it and was betraying her to get more of it. She twisted and struggled just enough to make him squeeze her tighter, and her hips started to subtly move back in time to meet his thrusts.
"Never huh?" Her rapist laughed, before he started fucking her even harder. "I'll remind you of that when you're cumming on my dick like the whore you are." He would have a chance to do just that, she was sure. At this pace she was sure she'd cum for this awful man whether she wanted it or not. The orgasm was there, building like a distant storm cloud, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Instead she could only endure stroke after stroke and insult after threat after insult as his cock thrust in and out of her body, violating every last inch of her.
Eventually he let go of her hip so that he could grope her tits while he used her pussy. "These might be pathetic," he groaned as he mauled her right breast so hard she gasped in pain, "But in my experience that just means they're extra sensitive, doesn't it." As he spoke he pinched her nipple and twisted hard, creating a self fulfilling prophecy of pleasure as the lightning of pain from her abused nipple met the storm of pleasure that had been brewing deep in her womb, and detonated it. "Mmmmph, no I... n-nooooo," she cried out as started to cum on his cock and couldn't make herself stop. If her rapist wasn't holding her up by pinning her to the wall, Beth definitely would have melted into a spasming little puddle on the floor. What she did was hardly less embarrassing though. She jerked spasmed while making small moans and whimpering noises like a broken toy.
She'd never be the innocent young woman she'd been before she'd started down this dark path, she realized, as she was tossed and buffeted by the impossible pleasure that coursed through her. She'd never be whole after she came on her rapist's dick. Even though she was still trembling from orgasmic bliss as this idea occurred to her though, her rapist never stopped fucking her, and by the time she returned from her near out of body experience, he was still hammering away at her pussy with his dick. "God you're fucking tight," he growled, his strokes starting to speed up.
Beth didn't yet know that meant he was getting closer to cumming. She just endured the increased pleasure as the stroke pounded harder and faster inside her. "Nhhh... Please," She gasped finally, "It'sss too much..." She knew he wouldn't care, but her whole body was hyper stimulated now, and all she wanted was some relief. A few minutes ago all the pain he inflicted on her felt like pleasure, but now it was coming full circle and all the pleasure she was experiencing was starting to feel like pain.
"You cum on my dick and you think the ride is over, slut?" he asked sarcastically. "The ride is over when I fill your tight teen pussy with my cum." Beth didn't think that tonight could get any worse, but those words chilled her to the core.
"Cumm... Inside me?" she asked, having trouble comprehending those words. "No, you can't do that to me. I'm not on anything. You have to pull out--"
"I don't have to do anything slut," her rapist said, suddenly squeezing her throat to shut her up as his dick sped up to short quick strokes while he gasped and panted. "You gave up the right to tell any man no the second you started sucking dick for cash. You're just a whore now, and tonight you're my whore. My whore. My pussy. My tight little cum dump." While he ranted fucked her franticly, but his grip never slackened, and by the time he bottomed out against her cervix and started to paint her womb white with his cum, her vision was fading to black while she gasped for breath. In this detached semi-conscious state, she observed the feelings of his dick pulsing inside her in an almost clinical way. She felt him throb, then the warmth of his cum filling her up, and then after a short delay she felt the pleasure echo through her body. This process repeated itself several times before he finally let go of her body and let her slump to the floor, a quivering trembling mess.
Beth lay there in her not quite orgasmic state as she gulped down air and tried to catch her breath. She was grateful to be alive after what she thought was going to be the end for her, but that joy quickly bled away from her while she lay on the cold floor feeling his cum start to ooze from her abused vagina. "God you've got a tight pussy, slut," her rapist reflected as he leaned against the sink and wet a handkerchief so he could clean the whore off his dick. "I thought I was just going to teach you a lesson, but I think maybe we should make this a regular thing. What do you say slut. I could bring you over to my house..."
He kept talking, but she couldn't hear him over the sound of her heart breaking as the blood pounded in her ears. This was the lowest point of her whole life, she reflected coldly, and she couldn't imagine that she'd ever find herself lower than this. She should probably just kill herself now, she thought, eying the knife on the ground, less than a foot from her face. It would be so much easier than trying to live with this, she thought. He just wouldn't stop talking though, not that she cared; he was talking at her, not to her so he didn't even really expect a response. Finally, her rapist nudged her with his foot. "Come on slut, you're coming home with me for round two. Maybe if you do a good job, I'll drop you off with mommy and daddy when I'm done stretching out your holes."
Kicking her like that merely annoyed her, but his words terrified her. He wanted to do this all over again? Raping her once hadn't been enough for him? Beth continued to lay there looking catatonic for all the world, but she was starting to hyperventilate as panic gripped her.
"You hear me slut? Get the fuck up. We're leaving now," he said again. This time when she didn't move, he reached down and grabbed her by her left arm and started to pull her to her feet. "You keep fighting me cunt, and we're going to have a problem," he growled.
After that Beth wasn't entirely sure what happened or why. Some inner strength she hadn't known she had picked up the knife in her right hand as he focused on picking her up by her left. He pulled her to him, and she slumped against him. "What the fuck," he swore suddenly pushing her away from him, with a large red stain suddenly spreading out from a hole that had appeared on the left-hand side of his shirt. She didn't remember stabbing him, but suddenly he was bleeding as he staggered back and there was a bloody knife in her hand.
"You cut me bitch," he said, an air of hysteria creeping into his voice. He stepped towards her ready to grab the knife or punch her, but she suddenly raised it up and something about her stance and her dead eyes made him reconsider that action and he took a step back instead. "You're crazy bitch. I'm a fucking cop." he yelled at her as she took a step back.
Cut was probably an understatement, Beth thought as she looked at his soaked through shirt. The hole was too small for that. He'd been stabbed. No, he hadn't been stabbed, she corrected. She stabbed him. She penetrated him the same way that he'd penetrated her ten minutes earlier. She wondered bitterly which of them had enjoyed the experience more.
"Cunt, I'm fucking bleeding out here - you have to call an ambulance." he said finally. His voice sounded desperate, and even though his body language fell for it, she reached down for her bag to call 911. That was when he pounced. She didn't see it coming, and there was no chance that she would have been able to fight her rapist off again, but his leg gave out and instead of tackling her, he fell on the ground just short of his goal.
"Ahhh," Beth screamed, falling backwards into the door which opened, spilling her out into the parking lot behind the building with her purse in one hand and his knife in the other. Her rapist struggled to rise to his feet, and when he couldn't, he started to crawl towards the door. Beth was faster though. She hopped up, slammed the door and while she was leaning against it, she pulled her pants up and her bra down. Her rapist started to rattle the door then, but he lacked the strength to push it open with her body wedged against it from the outside.
She was trying to decide whether or not she should call 911 and get him an ambulance when the man that assaulted her made the decision. "Bitch, when I get out of here, you're going to fucking prison. Attempted murder of a police officer?" He yelled out in obvious pain. "You know what the guards are going to do to you every single fucking night? You should have gone home with me when you had the chance."
"You raped me," she yelled back, surprised to find she was crying again just because of those three words.
"No one will believe that." he taunted back, "A young whore like you, sucking off strangers for cash? Who do you think they're going to listen to?" Beth didn't answer. He was right. No one would believe her. The bastard would get away with it. She wanted to just curl up there by the door and sob until someone found her, but instead she started running. She ran hard and fast back towards home and was out of the parking lot before he managed to get the door open. When she was halfway there, she realized she was still running with a bloody knife and tossed it into an empty lot as she passed.
There was no one home when she got there, which was good, because she looked like the heroine of a horror movie. She had blood on her face, hands, and clothes. She looked like she'd murdered someone, which in a way might be true. She didn't let herself worry about that just now though. Instead, she stripped and took a shower as hot as she could tolerate. Only once she was under that steamy cascade did she let the floodgates open so that her tears could flow, and her emotions could overwhelm her. She wasn't sad or upset. She was distraught. She was inconsolable as she thought about everything that had happened to her today. The way she'd been threatened at knifepoint, molested, raped, forced to orgasm, filled with a strangers cum, and ultimately how she'd been forced to stab someone to get away. She couldn't even say which one bothered her most.
She should feel the worst about hurting someone so badly of course, but when Beth looked for guilt about that she found only anger and blank spots in her memory. When it came to thoughts about her rape the feelings were more complicated, but they were dominated by fear and pain. When she thought about the orgasm though, all she could feel when she thought about that moment was guilt and shame. To think that someone so awful could make her feel so good. It made her want to vomit. She didn't though; she just sat there on the shower floor letting the water wash away her sins until the steam disappeared and the shower got cold. Only then did she get out and dry off.
Beth walked back to her room wearing only a towel, carrying back her bloody clothes when she almost walked into her stepfather. He was in uniform, so he probably stopped by for lunch on an overnight. "Christ" she screamed, jumping back, "You scared me, Rick."
"I can see that," he said, his eyes lingering on her barely covered form a moment longer than was proper for a father figure. "What's got you home so late," he asked finally, his eyes reaching hers and maintaining eye contact. "Hot date?"
"Nothing that interesting Rick." Beth lied smoothly, "I just got back from a jog, and I'm going to finish my homework and go to bed." Rick was an imposing figure, and as a deputy sheriff she knew exactly why her mother had fallen for him. She said that he made her feel safe, but the only emotion he ever made Beth feel was nervous.
"Alright," he nodded, his lips pursed. "Well make sure you don't leave your window open tonight. I got a case tonight not 5 miles from here, and there might be a crazy person out there."
"Here," Beth asked, suddenly aware that he was talking about the man she'd stabbed. "In Summerville? That's... that's..."
"I know. I felt the same way." He said as he started to walk past her. Just stay indoors tonight and maybe stop jogging at night until I figure out what the hell is going on around here."
Beth swallowed hard, before managing to croak out a "Definitely." Then she heard him walk downstairs, and she walked to her room. It wasn't until she got there that she realized that she was holding the bloody clothes she'd worn tonight during that whole conversation where he could see them. Beth panicked and threw them away deep in the neighbor's trash can as soon as he left, but the damage was done, and she spent half the night laying there wondering if she was going to go to jail.