I just had a 3 yr relationship that ended in November and I was feeling nostalgic. I decided to stay in on New Years Eve because I was feeling sorry for myself. As the night wore on I was having an internal fight with myself about whether to stay in or be around people who were happy.
Around 10pm that night I jumped in the shower, got dressed in proper New Years attire. Black suit white shirt and headed out to the local mall that had a separate section of restaurants and bars. I parked my car in the parking ramp after what took forever to find a spot. I almost gave up out of frustration but decided to follow through.
I chose a bar/restaurant. When I walked in it was wall to wall people almost impossible to walk through. I worked my way to the bar looking for a spot to get the bartenders attention. When I found my opening I slid in with barely any room. There were a group of males and females talking, flirting and what appeared to be a great time for all.
As I got close enough to hold my money out to get the bartenders attention I was being bumped into continually almost losing my balance a few times. I put my had on the back of an occupied barstool for leverage as I leaned in. The barstool belonged to an attractive but not drop dead gorgeous lady who was wearing the usual "little black dress" was obviously annoyed that I was using the back of her barstool for leverage. Although all the girls and guys around her looked and sounded like they were having a good time, she looked like she didn't want to be there. As I was waiting drink from the bartender, I was bumped into quite hard and felt myself losing my balance. To catch myself from falling, my other hand fell onto her lap. I quickly apologized and was ready to make some type of lame comment to her, she never looked my way, instead I could feel her legs part slightly. I didn't know what to do at that time but I figured what the hell and moved my hand to her knee while I tried to get steady. Again I felt her legs part a little more so I kept my hand where it was and lightly squeezed her knee. I looked at her face but she wasn't looking back at me. I didn't know what to say or think so instead I moved my hand to the lower part of the inside of her thigh. Her legs opened wider. Now real wide but enough to let me know it was okay.
I lightly stroked the inside of her thigh as she opened her legs even more! My hand was inches from the promised land and I could literally feel her heat coming from her pussy, so I moved up further until the back of my hand was pressed against her panties.
I looked around to see if anyone was looking but no concerns, they were all too busy having a wonderful time. I could feel that her panties were damp so I adjusted my hand so my fingers were stroking where her thigh met her pussy. She adjusted a little, just enough to let me know it was okay. I pulled her panties to the side and felt the smoothest pussy lip I ever felt in my life. As I got more courage I moved my fingers to her soaked sex. Again I looked at her face for some type of reaction, but her eyes were focused somewhere else in the bar. I slipped my finger slightly inside her to get some of her juices and used her juices to stroke her clit. I was unbearably hard so I pressed my covered cock against the outside of her thigh hoping to get some response, but again...no response!
As I continued to stroke her clit, I could hear her breathing as she adjusted to get the full effect of my finger. Again I looked around to check if anyone was noticing, but no one was. I could feel her clit swelling and hardening so I knew she was enjoying it as much as I was. Her pussy was so soft, hot and wet! I used a firmer stroke as I felt her bearing down on my hand. As I felt her thighs tighten I knew she was very close to coming so again I looked at her face and she still acted like I wasn't there. Within seconds she grabbed my forearm hard and came hard against my hand for what seemed like eternity.
When she calmed down, she lightly pushed my forearm away until my hand was out from beneath her dress. Again I looked up at her face and for the first time her eyes were focused on me and a slight smile across her face.
Without a word spoken, she got off the stool, grabbed her handbag and walked towards the bathrooms.
I told the bartender to get her another drink while she was away. I watched her fine ass walking away and all I could think of was how lucky I was and how it was going to be a great start to the new year when she got back. I had to face the bar because I was sure my erection was obvious in case anybody looked.
As I waited for 10-15 minutes for her return I was getting impatient but figured there must be a line to the ladies room and of course it would take awhile. After about 30 minutes I looked at my watch and it was 11:50 so I figured for sure she would be back in time for the celebration of the new year. The TV had the countdown for the ball dropping and I was looking for her.
Well, she never came back! Finally at about 12:15, I decided to give up. As I walked back to the parking ramp, my head swiveling looking for a sign of her, NO LUCK!
I went home, I had to relieve myself as the entire night was going through my mind over and over.
As days went by, I put a post in Craigslist for "Missed Connections", went back to that same bar 2-3 times a week for a couple of months, but never saw her again.
To this day I wonder if she thinks about that New Years adventure.