Author's Notes: This is another chapter in my story about Eve. Please read the previous chapters for background on the characters and story plot before reading this chapter.
* * * * *
A few months have passed since my husband Bill began sharing me to have sex with other men. I love fucking other men and Bill loves to watch and take photos. I think most married couples would think this is a very unconventional relationship, but so far it has worked very well for us.
What we didn't expect was that it is not that easy to find men willing to have sex with me while my husband takes photos. I know that many men want to have me. But while Bill takes photos? Not so many. We have found some men through the online sex forum, but now we mostly go to clubs to find young males to have sex with me.
When we find a potential playmate at a club, I spend time getting to know him and explaining what we want, and then we take him home. If I really enjoy the person, if he treats me with respect and satisfies my needs, not just his own sexual desires, then we may invite him back another time. I've discovered that half of the men don't even consider my needs and only satisfy their own sexual needs. They never get invited back.
So now there are a few men that are my regular sex partners, besides my husband Bill. Each week, usually Friday or Saturday, one of these men is invited to our home specifically to have sex with me while Bill takes photos. And some of these photos are posted on my photo thread on the online sex forum.
Bill has also created a coffee-table style photo book with over a hundred of his best photos of me in lingerie, nude, or having sex with other men. I bet not many other women have such a photo book.
Bill and I talked almost daily about how this unconventional sex life was working for both of us. I knew I had an itch to have sex with more men, and more frequently that once a week. Over time it appeared that Bill also wanted to watch me have sex with other men, and more frequently. We discussed the possibilities, but held to our original rule of only once a week. I knew that both our resolves on this was weakening and it was likely only a short matter of time before we began to ignore the once-a-week limit.
What we didn't anticipate was the event that changed things.
- - - - -
One Sunday afternoon our neighbor, Jerry, came over to visit. Jerry was an attractive man, about forty years old, ten years older than Bill and me. He lived alone. His wife had died of cancer five years earlier and they had no children.
I was home alone at the time. Bill had left to play a round of golf with some of his business clients. I invited Jerry into our living room and closed the door behind him.
After some initial small talk, Jerry got to the reason for his visit. I wasn't prepared for this.
"I heard your screams last night." Jerry told me as we stood in the living room.
I know that I get very vocal when having fabulous sex. Frank had been over for sex last night. His large cock still stretches my pussy and creates just enough pain to really heighten my sexual pleasure. I guess I screamed like a wild banshee. I never considered that any of our neighbors might be able to hear me.
"You did?" I asked in reply. I wondered what Jerry knew, and why he came to discuss this.
"Eve, to be honest, last night was not the first time. I've been aware of your screams, usually on Friday or Saturday night, for the past several weeks. Your bedroom must be on the side of the house closest to my house, and to my bedroom."
"I'm sorry. I hope I haven't disturbed you." I said, hoping he would say more before I told him more.
"I'm not being judgmental, but I'm also aware that on these evenings when you scream so loud, you have a male visitor, even though Bill is also home. And the male visitor leaves a short while after your screams."
I stared at Jerry in silence. It appeared that he had a good idea what was happening. Was he just looking for confirmation?
"Eve." Jerry continued. He stepped right in front of me, stared into my eyes and spoke in a serious tone. "Is Bill hurting you? Is he making you do things that you don't want to do? I've been your neighbor for nearly five years, and I really like both of you. But if he is hurting you, I will make him stop."
I was in shock. I stepped back, my mouth fell open. And then I started laughing uncontrollably. Needless to say, Jerry was very puzzled.
I gathered myself, smiled at Jerry, stepped forward and gave him a big hug. I'm sure he could feel my large tits pressing against his chest.
"I'm sorry to laugh. You are so sweet and thoughtful, being so concerned about me. But you have this all wrong." I said. "Please, sit down and I will explain."
I hadn't ever considered telling our neighbor about what Bill and I do behind closed doors with other men. But since Jerry appeared so thoughtful and concerned, I decided to be open and honest with him.
"Can I get you something to drink? Maybe a glass of wine or a beer? When you hear what I have to tell you, you may need something." I smiled at him with a twinkle in my eyes.
"A beer, please." Jerry replied, likely wondering what I had to tell him.
I quickly retrieved two beers from the refrigerator and handed one to Jerry as I sat down next to him on the sofa. Then I spoke.
"Let me start by saying that Bill and I love each other very much. Lately our lifestyle has changed, and we couldn't be happier. What we do is very consensual, and very pleasing to both of us."
I paused a moment to let this sink in to Jerry. He sat there looking at me, waiting for me to tell more. Then I continued.
"This started by Bill's love of taking photos of me. And I love posing for his photos. Some of his photos of me are PG, some are a bit more risqué, and more recently some have been pure pornographic. And we love what we do."
Again I paused and took a drink of my beer.
Jerry took a drink of his beer and then spoke.
"Pure pornographic?" He asked obviously wanting more details about exactly what I meant by this.
"I won't go into all the details about how, but let it be sufficient to say that over the past few weeks I've learned that Bill has a very specific fetish, and one that I am more than willing to help him experience."
"A fetish?" Jerry asked. He was obviously guiding me to tell him more.
"Please don't be too shocked." I started to give him the specifics. "Bill loves to share me with other men, and to take photos of me having sex with other men. And I love fucking other men. I suppose last night I was screaming in pleasure a bit too loud."
I casually took another drink of my beer. I thought Jerry was about to choke.
"What? Really?" Jerry coughed out his questions. "You're kidding me!"
"Not at all, Jerry." I replied. "People might say that Bill is a cuckold husband, but he is not exactly that. First, I don't withhold any sex from him. In fact, our sex life hasn't been better. Second, I don't make him watch me with other men to punish him or to imply that he is inadequate. Bill just really loves sharing me with others and really gets off by watching me fuck other men. It is amazing to see how he lights up while photographing me with someone else, and to see how hard his cock becomes. I not only love having sex with other men, I also love how doing so is pleasing my husband. Most always after my lover leaves, Bill and I have passionate sex for hours, although somewhat more quietly."
"You sound like some sort of sex-crazed nymphomaniac. Sorry to be so crass." Jerry said apologetically.
"I haven't considered myself a nymphomaniac, but I suppose that you could say that we both are sex crazed." I replied.
"You are kidding me, aren't you? I can't believe that the sweet, kind couple that lives next door to me is so kinky." Jerry stated as he flopped back into the sofa and took a long drink of beer.
"Would you like to see some of our pictures? I have a photo book." I said as I remembered the coffee-table style photo book that Bill had recently made.
"Eve, I will admit that I think you are very beautiful and sexy. But I feel that I have intruded into your lives more than I should. I'm not sure that I should be looking at your photos, or that Bill would approve of me doing so."
"Nonsense!" I insisted. "I haven't told you that for all these weeks we have posted some number of the "R", "X", and "Triple-X" rated photos of me on an online sex photo forum. I have my own picture thread and many followers. Together Bill and I select which photos to post. And we only post pictures that include my sex partners with their permission. We all have lots of fun with this. And we really love the feedback on the photos he takes."
Jerry was looking a bit uncomfortable with where our discussion had gone. I suspected that when he knocked on my door, he never imagined having this conversation.
"You're not a prude are you? You would like to see some of my sexy photos, wouldn't you? Let me get my book." Without waiting for an answer, I quickly stood and went to the bedroom to get the photo book that Bill had created. It was a professionally created book with thick glossy pages of full color photos. The book included a glossy book jacket that had a rather tame photo of me in sexy lingerie.
Before I returned to the living room with the book, I stopped by the kitchen and grabbed two more beers as I was aware that Jerry and I had each finished our first beers.
"I brought you another beer, Jerry." I said as I handed him another beer. I sat down next to him on the sofa again and placed my book in his lap. I raised my beer bottle, clinked it against his bottle and said: "To sensitive caring neighbors."
Jerry opened the book and carefully began examining each photo. The first few pages were photos of me wearing various sexy outfits I had worn to parties, and then several pages of me in sexy lingerie. Jerry looked at each photo closely. I could tell he liked what he saw.
The next set of pages were series of photos of me stripping out of clothes or lingerie. These photos were followed by many pages of photos of me nude, in various poses, usually on the bed. When Jerry got to a full page photo that was a close-up of my smooth wet pussy, he stopped, took a deep breath and a long drink of his beer.
"Do you like that photo? It is one of my favorites." I said in a sultry voice.
"Damn! You're really hot!." he replied. Jerry shifted how he sat and I caught him adjusting his cock inside his pants. I smiled knowing I was making him aroused.
The next two pages of the book had more close-up pussy shots taken from the front, or from the rear when I was up on my spread apart knees. Jerry inspected these closely and frequently took more drinks of his beer.
He was only about half way through the book. The rest of the book contained photos of me having sex with other men and not my husband. There I was on display having sex in many different positions, with different men, and in different locations, sometimes our bedroom and other times in a hotel. Jerry appeared hesitant as he slowly reviewed all these photos. Occasionally he would point to my lover and I would answer the unspoken question of who that man was, and how I met them.
"You really just pick up strangers sometimes, bring them home and have sex with them in front of Bill?" Jerry asked, more as a statement than a question as a way to confirm what I had been telling him. And the photos were the proof.
"Bill helps select the other men. We really have a lot of fun." I replied.
Jerry stopped and stared at the last photo.
"Oh, Fuck!" Jerry exclaimed.
"That's a picture taken by Frank just after I gave Bill a blowjob." I explained about the photo of my mouth open and full of Bill's cum. "Bill really gave me a big load that night. Isn't that hot?"
Jerry continued to stare at the photo, and then he stared at me, sitting next to him. Maybe he was imagining my mouth full of cum right now. Then he quickly closed the book and turned to me.
"I shouldn't be looking at this! What if Bill comes home and finds me looking at these photos?" Jerry suddenly appeared guilty that he had been looking at pornographic photos of his neighbor.
I placed my hand on Jerry's thigh and looked directly into his eyes.
"First, Bill takes these photos to show off his hot, slutty wife. We post these photos on the Internet and he made this book so that others will see these photos." I explained. "And second, when Bill and I started this new lifestyle, we set some rules. One important rule is that I don't fuck another man unless Bill is with us to watch and take photos."
Jerry stared at me and asked, "What is that supposed to mean?"
"We aren't fucking are we?" I replied in a playful way. And then I added, "At least not yet. Right?"
"Not yet?" Jerry exclaimed as to ask for clarification of my remark.
My hand moved up his thigh closer to his crotch. I leaned into Jerry and gave him a quick kiss. then I whispered into his ear.
"Jerry, I hadn't before thought about having sex with you. However you are a very handsome man, I know you are caring and thoughtful. I bet you and I could have a great time together in bed." I put that out there for him to consider.
"But Bill isn't here, and that's one of your rules." Jerry said as if trying to buy some time before addressing my proposition.
"Bill should be home soon and I bet he will also think that you and I having sex is a great idea." I replied. I was now sure I wanted to fuck Jerry this very day and I was sure that I could convince both Jerry and Bill to make this happen.
At that moment my cell phone began to ring. From the ringtone, I knew it was my husband. I stood and walked towards the kitchen where I left my phone.
"That is Bill right now. I bet he is finished playing golf and coming home soon." I said to Jerry over my shoulder. I picked up the phone and walked back into the living room so that Jerry could hear some of the conversation.
"Hello honey. How was the golf?" I said to Bill over the phone.
"I've had better rounds." Bill replied. "How is your afternoon going?"
"I'm sitting here with Jerry." I replied, knowing Bill would want to know more.
"Jerry? Our neighbor? Why is he there?" Bill asked in a puzzled tone.
"Jerry heard my screaming last night. Remember Frank being here? Jerry was concerned for me and came over today to check if I was okay. He was concerned that you had been hurting me, or making me do things I didn't want to do. How thoughtful of him to check on me." I replied in a pleasant voice.
Bill chuckled a bit. Then he added, "So what did you tell him?"
"I told him the truth about last night, and about our activities the past several weeks. I was just showing him the photo book you made of my pictures."
I was standing right in front of Jerry, looking at him as I spoke to Bill.
"Oh really? What does he think about all that?' Bill asked.
"It appears he likes the photos you take, and he thinks I'm hot stuff." I replied to Bill over the phone while I looked at Jerry as if asking him if I was correct.
I continued, "I was just telling Jerry that I think he is handsome and caring. And I think that he and I could have a great time in bed together. What do you think, Honey?"
"What about our once-a-week rule?" Bill asked. Now I thought he was the one stalling for time.
I thought quickly and replied, "Well Frank was here last night. That was Saturday, which was last week." I emphasized the 'last week' part. "Today is Sunday and a different week. Jerry knows that I'm not allowed to have sex with other men unless you are here. So we're waiting on you, Dear."
I knew this was a stretch as Jerry had not agreed to anything, yet. I leaned over and gave Jerry another kiss and with my free hand I grabbed his crotch. I could tell he had a nice sized cock which was indeed getting hard.
"I'll be home in 20 minutes." Bill said quickly and then hung up the phone.
I put the phone down and sat down next to Jerry.
"Did you hear that Bill is rushing home and will be here in 20 minutes?" I asked, again using my soft, sultry voice.
"You're making an assumption that I want to have sex with you, and doing so while Bill takes photos of us. That is being somewhat presumptuous." Jerry replied in a teasing tone of voice.
I leaned into Jerry and grabbed his cock through his pants again and I whispered into his ear.
"I most always presume correctly about these things. You do want to fuck me don't you?"
"I can't believe that Bill lets you do this stuff." Jerry said, avoiding my question.
"I'll say this again." I replied. "Bill wants me to be doing this. His fetish is to watch other men have sex with me. Sort of like a live pornographic movie and he is the photographer."
I again squeezed Jerry's cock through his pants and gave him another kiss. This time I pressed my tongue into his mouth. I wanted to heat things up.
"Jerry. You haven't answered my question. Do you want to fuck me?" I bluntly asked.
Jerry pulled back a bit and then spoke.
"I've haven't responded because I first had to be sure this was actually real. To be honest, I have considered you to be one of the sexiest women on earth since I first met you. For years I've had fantasies about having sex with you. But I knew you were married and I figured having sex with you would never really happen. I just never imagined that this could ever happen. And I really never imagined that Bill would allow this and even participate by taking pictures."
Jerry paused and finished his second beer. Then he continued.
"Yes Eve. I would love to have sex with you. It might be weird with Bill watching and taking photos, but I think I can handle that."
At that moment Bill entered the house by the side door from the driveway into the kitchen. He immediately walked into the living room.
"So, I see you two haven't started and are waiting on me." Bill said in a playful way with a grin on his face.
Jerry and I both stood up.
"I've explained most of our rules, especially the one about no sex without you being present." I said.
"I heard something about a once-a-week rule. What's with that?" Jerry asked.
I turned to Bill and wrapped my arms about him. "Can't we make an exception this time for Jerry? Don't you want to watch Jerry fuck me?"
Bill turned to Jerry. "So you want to have sex with Eve? And you understand that I will be taking pictures?"
"I've considered Eve a really hot, sexy woman for quite some time. I've often fantasized about having sex with her. I just never imagined that it would ever happen. Or like this." Jerry replied.
To me it sounded like Bill and Jerry were ready for this to happen.
"Why don't you boys prepare to take some photos while I find something sexy to wear for you."
Bill and Jerry both looked at me as I turned and walked towards our bedroom. I knew what I wanted to wear, so I got that our of my dresser and then stepped into our bathroom to change. I could hear Bill explaining to Jerry that we start with a photo session and that Jerry was free to take photos as well with his cell phone.
My body was tingling with excitement over exposing myself to our long-time neighbor, and the likelihood that Jerry and I would be having sex. I was also pleased that Bill had relented on the once-a-week rule. I hope this was a permanent change to our arrangement.
I had chosen a matching, red satin, bra and panty combo. I thought it was a really hot outfit, one that Bill hadn't seen on me before. I put some heavy eye makeup, red lipstick, and a touch of perfume. I brushed our my hair to make it look fuller. Then I slipped on my silky red robe that barely covered my ass and crotch. As a last moment touch, I slipped into my black stiletto high heels.
Before I opened the door I called out, "Ready out there?"
"Whenever you are." Replied Bill.
I opened the door and stepped into the doorway. I struck a sexy pose. I raised my right arm and leaned against the doorframe while I placed my left hand on my hip. I hadn't tied the belt on my robe so it parted a bit in front to expose a bit of the bra and panty.
Bill and Jerry stood at the other end of the bedroom, beyond the foot of the bed. Jerry had his cell phone camera ready. Bill had his new camera ready. Bill whistled at me and Jerry let out a "Hot, hot, hot." Each quickly raised their camera and took a few photos.
I felt so sexy, and so desirable. I loved the effect I can have on men, making them so horny.
I stepped into the bedroom and gave them several standing poses including front, side, and rear views. With my back turned towards them, I spread my legs and bent over to grab my ankles. I knew the robe would ride up exposing the red panties covering my ass.
"So Hot!" exclaimed Bill.
"So fucking hot!" exclaimed Jerry.
I turn my head to look at Jerry and said in my sexy voice, "That is the point."
"Oh, Fuck!" Jerry replied, realizing what would be happening soon.
I slipped off the robe and the guys took more photos of me in various standing poses. Then I got onto the bed and they took more photos of me while I was sitting or lying down on my front, my side, and on my back. While on my back I bent my knees and spread my legs giving Bill and Jerry a good spread view of my panty covered crotch.
Jerry appeared a bit uncomfortable of the situation. He looked at me and then turned to look at Bill, as if asking if everything was good. Bill had stepped back a bit so that he was taking photos of me, and taking photos of Jerry taking photos of me.
"Jerry, it is all good. You can move in closer and take some close-up shots." Bill told him.
I put a hand between my legs and slowly ran a finger over my slit, covered by the thin fabric. I knew I was getting aroused and likely had a wet spot forming on the crotch of my panties. Jerry got closer and resumed taking photos.
"So Fucking Hot!" Jerry said again.
I could sense that Jerry was getting somewhat aroused. I kept fingering my slit through my panties. I moaned as I raised my ass a bit off the bed. I looked over at my husband and could see that he was stripping naked. He then resumed taking photos of me and of Jerry. Bill's cock was getting hard as he was obviously enjoying the activities.
Jerry got closer to my pussy, his face just a foot away. I think he was too close for his cell phone to focus on me, but it didn't matter. He put his phone down and stared as my finger slowly slide over my wet panties.
"May I touch?" Jerry said in barely more than a whisper.
"Please do." I whispered back as I pulled my hand away. Bill was using his camera zoom to capture the moment that Jerry's fingers touched me through the wet panties.
As Jerry's finger began to rub my pussy, I moaned.
"That feels good, Jerry. Real good." I said and moaned again.
Jerry rubbed me through my panties a few more moments. Then he pulled his hand back, and without asking, leaned over and kissed the wet spot on my panties that covered my pussy. Not only was my pussy wet, but my labia were swollen and sensitive.
Almost instantly Jerry had his mouth covering my pussy and was licking me.
I moaned. Jerry moaned. I heard Bill whisper under his breath "Fuck!" as he continued taking photos. Knowing what types of photos really turned on Bill, I knew these photos would be posted on the web and included in my next photo book.
My body tingled in anticipation of Jerry soon fucking me, but I was also very horny as a result of his current oral attention. I didn't want him to stop, but I also wanted to move on to the next step.
Taking Jerry's head between my hands, I gently pulled him away.
"I hate to stop what you are doing, but I think it's time for you to take off your clothes." I said.
A broad smile appeared on Jerry's face as he backed off the bed and stood up. As he removed his clothes, I sat up and removed my bra. Then I scooted to the foot of the bed, sat on the edge, and removed my panties.
As Jerry pulled off his boxers, his semi-hard cock came free and was just a couple of feet in front of me. I dropped to my knees in front of Jerry and began to lick his cock. After a couple of licks, I sucked his cockhead into my mouth.
Jerry moaned.
I glanced over at Bill and he had his camera zoomed in on the blowjob I was giving Jerry. I don't know if Bill was even aware that I was breaking another of our rules: always use protection. I knew that before actual intercourse, I would insist that Jerry use a condom.
However for now, everyone appeared very happy with me sucking and licking Jerry's cock. He had a very nice cock, a bit longer and thicker than average, but not as large as Frank's cock. I really looked forward to fucking Jerry as I knew he would fill my pussy very well.
After a couple of minutes of sucking Jerry's cock and making him quite hard, I pulled my mouth off of him and sat back onto the bed.
"Bill, a condom, please." I asked my husband.
Bill quickly fetched a condom from the nightstand and handed it to Jerry who appeared surprised.
"We have a rule that we have protected sex, unless we have current, clean STD test results." I told Jerry. I think he was disappointed that he wouldn't have me bareback, but he appeared to understand and accept the situation. As he opened the package and rolled the condom over his cock, I got on the bed and laid on my side. I patted the bed next to me, indicating where I wanted Jerry. He appeared a bit puzzled by my position, as it was not an obvious sex position. But I had something else I wanted to do first.
"Come lay here next to me, Jerry." I said.
Jerry did as instructed and laid next to me on his side. I swung my leg over his, allowing his leg to be between my legs. I wrapped my arm around him and pulled him close.
"Kiss me Jerry, like you love me."
Jerry started with gentle kisses on my lips. Then our lips were pressed together and our tongues began to explore each other. As I expected, Jerry was a fabulous kisser. And by my reckoning, that indicated he would also be a fabulous lover.
"Kiss me Jerry, like you want to make love to me." I said.
Jerry's kisses became more passionate. He pulled me closer to him. I could feel the warmth of his leg in my crotch and his hard cock pressed against my hip. Our mouths were mashed together, our tongues very active. I moaned and Jerry grunted. I knew he was getting very aroused.
"Kiss me Jerry, like you want to fuck the daylights out of me." I said between gasps for air.
Jerry seized command of the situation, rolled me onto my back with him on top. He was kissing me with great fever, a hand was groping my breast. With his legs he forced my legs wide open and then he slid his hard cock completely into my sopping wet pussy.
"Oh Jerry!" I exclaimed. "Fuck me Jerry!"
Jerry was incredible. He kissed or touched nearly every sensual part of my body while he constantly kept driving his cock fully into my pussy. My body was on fire with excitement. A sheen of sweat covered me. I was gasping for air and my pussy was throbbing as I could feel my orgasm coming.
Jerry wrapped his arms around me and suddenly rolled us over. Now he was on his back and I was on top, my legs straddling his body and his cock still deep inside me.
"Fuck me Eve. Fuck me!" Jerry commanded as I sat upright and he grabbed my breasts with his hands.
I immediately began to rise and fall upon his cock. It felt so incredibly good. I was slamming down on his cock time and time again. My body began to shake uncontrollably as my orgasm was near. Then Jerry twisted my nipples and my pussy exploded.
I threw my head back and screamed, "OH FUCK, FUCK, FUCK!"
My pussy was clenching Jerry's cock, squeezing as hard as it had squeezed anything. I lost control of my arms and legs and would have fallen over except for Jerry holding me upright. My body shook and wouldn't stop as waves of my orgasm rolled through my body.
I collapsed on top of Jerry and held me in a loving embrace until my orgasm faded. That was easily one of the best orgasms of my life, definitely Top 10.
"Thank you." I said quietly to Jerry.
In turn, Jerry started kissing me again with soft gentle kisses.
"We're not finished." Jerry said as he rolled us over again so that he was on top of me.
I was suddenly aware that his hard cock was still buried inside me. He had not had his release.
Jerry pulled my legs upward and spread them out. He held an ankle in each of his hands and spread me wide, lifting my ass off the bed. He was up on his knees, holding me in position as he started to fuck me again. He began slow and gentle and then picked up the pace and the force behind each of his thrusts.
My second orgasm came quickly as my throbbing pussy began to spasm around his cock and my body was again trembling uncontrollably. I gasped for air as I tried to scream.
Jerry knew I was having another orgasm, but he kept pounding his cock into my aching pussy. My orgasm continued on, and on until I couldn't take any more. I was feeling light-headed and couldn't focus on anything. I closed my eyes and went limp. Jerry pulled out and let me down. I just laid there.
"Is she okay?" I heard Bill ask.
"She will be just fine." Jerry replied.
I was laying on my side, almost a fetal position, facing Jerry who was holding me and stroking my body. I could tell that Bill was nearby behind me, also touching me. I nearly blacked out, but I was still vaguely aware of where I was, and who I was with.
- - - - -
As I regained full consciousness, Jerry was still holding me. I sat up and Bill handed me some water to drink.
"I think you're a bit dehydrated. This should make you feel better. I got some really great photos." Bill said.
Jerry rolled off the bed and began to get dressed.
"I want to thank both of you for an incredible time. I never could have imagined this outcome when I came over earlier in the afternoon. Eve you are an incredible lover. Bill thank you so much for allowing me to experience Eve."
I looked up at Jerry and asked, "Did you ever have an orgasm?"
"No. But still one of the best sexual encounters ever." Jerry replied.
"I'll have to try harder the next time." I said without thinking. I assumed there would be another time. However, Bill and I would have to discuss that.
"I have to leave. I'll find my way out." Jerry said and then he left.
- - - - -
After Jerry left, Bill and I had a good discussion.
"You appeared to enjoy Jerry." Bill stated.
"Yes, maybe the best of my new lovers. He really knew how to make my body have amazing new experiences, and without the pain of Frank's big cock." I replied.
"Will you be giving up sex with Frank, or others with really big cocks?"
"No, I think I want to experience a really big cock every now and then. But the orgasms Jerry created with just incredible. I want to thank you for waiving the once-a-week rule."
"It was incredible watching Jerry pound your pussy after your second orgasm started. I almost started to spew my cum everywhere, I was so horny."
"Think we can do this again?" I asked Bill.
"You having sex with Jerry? Or you having sex with other men more than once a week?" Bill answered with his own questions.
I paused a moment and replied, "I guess I want both. Am I too much a slut?"
"You will always be my wife. I want you to be happy, as that makes me happy. So 'Yes' to both." Bill replied. We hugged and kissed.
- - - - -
Later that evening, after dinner and a couple of bottles of beer, Bill and I got into bed and shared more of our feelings about the encounter with Jerry. As Bill and I made love, I told Bill how good a lover Jerry was and how incredible the orgasms were. Bill told me how horny he became watching Jerry fuck me. He couldn't wait to review the photos he had taken. Together Bill and I had a fantastic mutual orgasm and fell asleep in each other's arms.
= = = = = = = = = =
Jerry - Epilogue
Jerry became a frequent lover. Bill allowed me to have sex with Jerry two or three times a week, while still having another lover on the weekend. Jerry, Bill, and I had STD tests and as we were clean, and stayed clean, Jerry was allowed to fuck me bareback, something we both greatly enjoyed.
Another first was that Bill no longer insisted on being there and taking photos every time Jerry and I had sex. Sometimes I went over to Jerry's house and spent the entire night in his bed. Other times Jerry came over to our house and Bill watched us and took photos. We all quickly became comfortable with these arrangements.
And all the while, our marriage appeared to become stronger, and maybe more surprisingly, Bill and Jerry became the best of friends.