"Careful!"
"Am I too close to the car next to us Daddy?" Sable McKellen moved her eyes from one mirror to the next in her desired perfection. She wanted to impress her Father even though he was barely aware with a hellish hangover at the moment.
Window rolled down in anticipation of yelling stop he realized his daughter's skills were pretty accurate overall, "As long as I can get my door open. I just don't want you gunning the vehicle and crashing through the dentist's office."
"I didn't have to park right up front. You told me too."
"Just ease to the front curb and put it in park."
"I know how to drive Daddy, you just never let us. I've had my license for a year now. Geez! Piper never panicked like you're doing when she let Dakota and I drive home from school earlier this week."
"Piper let you drive?' Henry winced with disbelief, "Why am I just now learning this?"
"Because you might have kept us from driving her car again."
Henry McKellen still reeling from his whiskey hangover didn't want to argue, "This is good. Put it in park and shut off the engine. Good job by the way."
"So can I have a car for my birthday?"
"Bus pass is cheaper."
"Noooo! I'll even get a part time job if I have to, insurance and stuff." She appealed to his financial wisdom. It wasn't working!
"No. I've told both of you I want you to finish high school first. Let me and your Mother go over finances more. If not for your birthdays I'll aim for Graduation...from college."
"Daaaaadddddyyy!" She swatted him on the arm pouting.
"I'm joking! Look just take one thing at a time, for now just go get those cheese graters taken off."
"But you love my cheesy grin."
"I love you. Now go. Tell them you're on my insurance card if they ask. I need to sit here with my coffee and get my brain functional. Tell your Dentist Duncan I said hi. Oh! And, his assistant Marie...tell her hubba hubba."
"Whatever! I'm not flirting with Marie for you. She's not that much older than we are. I will tell Duncan hubba hubba though."
"Too old for you. He's about 35."
"He's still cute for his age."
Shaking his head at her sudden appeal toward men he growled, "You're sounding more and more like your sister. GO ALREADY!" Compliment indeed! It did make her mind wander.
"I'm nervous."
"Why? It's going to be a huge improvement. I won't be able to tell you and Kota apart."
"You didn't earlier and I had my braces still."
"As if I could tell you had braces from behind. You wore the same damned clothes and you were in her bedroom. Look I'm sorry I snuck up on you like I did. That was wrong and I'm ashamed of myself. I should have gotten dressed first."
"Daddy?" She pouts at him, "You don't need to apologize. I'm way old enough to not let things like that bother me."
"I was fucking naked. It SHOULD bother you."
"It didn't. All I'm saying." She offered a sheepish grin, "Besides, if Dakota can see you so can I."
"Ohhhh God! I should have brought my bottle of Scotch." He looks from side to side for a sense of direction, "I think there's a liquor store close by."
"You never drink so much Daddy. Is it...because of us? Mom playing around?" She knew she still had ten minutes before having to check in. She just felt like getting to the root of the cause.
"I'm over what your Mom is doing and no, It's not due to you two either. I just needed to blow off steam."
"Like you did going over to Piper's last night?" She feared mentioning his spying on Kelly Herbert knowing too much too soon would result in his losing his temper.
"You knew I was at Piper's?"
"Yes. I saw you through Trav's telescope. Sorry Daddy."
"Great! You watched me have sex with Piper. If you two get married you'll be Sable Perbert."
"DADDY!" She slapped his arm with a pout. "I only spyed for a few minutes. You were...interesting to watch."
"I swear I'm going to put curtains up over Piper's windows whether she approves or not."
"I even heard her screaming when I walked home from the Herbert's."
"Will you go to your goddamned appointment already? How about we get you a tattoo saying Sable on your wrist so I can tell you two apart after we're done here."
"I don't like tattoos. Mom would be mad."
"Ugggh! GO!"
"Fine! Wish me luck Daddy."
"Good luck Nosey Rosy. I'll be here sobering up. Don't slam the car door."
"Okay! No more alcohol." She points threateningly.
"Yep."
Going inside she halted in the opened doorway and pointed at him one last time to make sure he listened to her advice. Henry merely toasted her with his coffee cup then sat it in a cup holder as he eased his power seat back for a more relaxed angle. He needed a nap. Shades down, eyes closed he was out like a light.
********
Horton-Dexter High School...just before first bell.
Walking together Angus Furlong and Dakota McKellen chatted on their way to her locker. "Did you get jealous of your friends messing with my butt zipper?" She had to know.
"I wouldn't say jealous. I'm just looking out for you. The guys get a little carried away sometimes is all."
"So do you." She giggled.
"What me?" He grinned, "Can I say something without you thinking bad of me?"
"Sure." She reached her locker and began turning her combination right, left, then right one last time until it clicked open. "I'm listening."
"You did that fast." He eyed how quickly her lock was tumbled open.
"What? I know my combination by heart."
"I still take three times to get mine right."
"My combination is easy. It's Ate Up." She giggles, "Number 8 for Ate...the U in up is the number 21 in the alphabet...the P is letter 16. Soooo 8-21-16. I think it's funny."
"It is actually." He laughed, "Now I can sneak into your locker and leave love notes."
"Awww! You don't love me yet. But, you can leave me snacks. I like Cool Ranch Doritos. What were you going to say?"
"That I can't blame my boys...you have a nice ass. I looked when I zipped you up. Sorry."
"That's 8-21-16." She dropped her jaw. "I can't believe you?"
"Huh?" Flew right over his head, "Ohhhh! That's Ate up! Gotcha! You're hilarious. No, I mean it, you have a perfect body. Gonna shut up now before I start kissing you again."
"Did you think I kissed you to make Mace jealous?"
"Naaa! If you like him more I guess I'm cool."
"Really? I do kind of think he's hot."
"He's a dead man." Angus riled up then relaxed, "Just kidding! You kissed me pretty convincingly. I think you're a good kisser."
"I've been practicing." She giggled switching books in her back to accommodate her next two classes. No need for him to know her lessons involved her Father.
"On that Mace guy?"
"You do know he's Counsellor Cherry's nephew right?"
"Only reason I'm not whupping his ass." That was partially true. He didn't want to risk the fun he was having in Detention. He was doing his best to seem neutral, truthfully he was jealous as hell just good at covering his tracks. "So, if not him who you been practicing with?"
"Paper boy." She razzed him, "We get free newspapers if I make out with him ten minutes each day."
"Uh huh! Tell me." He took her by the hand and studied her expression. She definitely liked his sincere approach, although nosey. No way was she going to admit her Dad was coaching her.
"A peach. No lie!" It was! "Messy but effective once the pit is removed."
"No shit? That's how I learned to eat pussy."
"Hmmm? I never considered that. Maybe I am bi? Where is Robin anyway?"
"Don't know, don't care. I'm with you, that should tell you something. Probably practicing in private somewhere for tonight's game. I haven't seen Tina or Octavia either. Really only Lily this morning."
"Bells ready to ring. Angus?"
"Yeah?"
"Do you think about that kiss you and Robin gave me?"
"All the fucking time." He melted slightly. Show sincerity and he was in business.
"Me too. You can pin me against my locker again sometime."
"I was gonna next Wednesday when you wore a dress again." He chuckled.
"You don't have to wait until then." She pulls her zipper on her shirt back down as a hint.
"Damn those are nice." He admitted but chose to keep it dialed in. Zipping her back up he lifted her chin and kissed her lips softly. "I'd rather kiss these for now. Raincheck on those?" She stared into his dreamy eyes and nodded just as the bell rang. Parting was such sweet, sweet sorrow as her Mom might say, being a Literature Teacher. Walking away the only parting was she tugging her shirt zipper back down.
********
Speaking of her Mother...Josie was still reeling from her outdoor air mattress adventure. With Reese sitting right in front of her ready for 1st. period to officially start, other students were still filing in as the bell rang. Knowing her other students were knowledgeable of her slutty behavior, all but one student having not touched, kissed, licked, or fingered her Josie didn't even lower her voice when talking about things. Her sole student Tabitha Martin, whom wasn't so aware, at least that hadn't come forward in her troubled thoughts on things had yet to show up. While needing to talk to the girl Josie was almost hoping she had called in sick.
"So...did Mimi trace the contours of your sexy body?" She sat on her desk fanning her bare foot toward Reese.
"Naaaa! She blushed the entire time I was with her. We just talked about how she's coming out."
"Coming out? Is she...she does talk about LeAnne a lot."
"Probably, but I think she's bi or she wouldn't have let me..."
"Shhh!" Josie didn't want her other fans to know so much about Mimi and they in turn taunt the poor girl. "I'm sure she liked it as much as I did." His jizzing on her face twice in two days. It was definitely on Reese's mind.
Noting her classroom full Josie hopped down then took the necessary steps to look out the door into the hallway. No Tabitha? She looked back at April and Vanessa with concern, "Has anyone seen Tabitha?"
"Chicken Pox." Vanessa offered info.
"Is that true?" Josie looked hesitant to believe her until April backed her friend up. Once believing them Josie shut her classroom door and moved to the front of her desk. "Alright then let's get class started. Who wants to read the last part of Hamlet while I'm being eaten out?"
Her dress came off and Josie climbed back up on her desk laying back, legs wide, fingers patting her clit. The roar of desks being abandoned became loud and furious. For once Reese let the others enjoy his slut. He actually chose to do the reading. Josie had to brace herself for the stampede. Thirty seconds into being eaten by Logan her moans were louder than Reese's voice.
"Fuck Shakespeare." Reese slammed his book shut and just watched the show.
********
Principal's office...dark corner of Hell...
Piper Cherry lay her head in her arms after being unfulfilled by the Vending Machine stud Special Ed. While being a really hot looking guy he was hardly talented in bed. Well, upright against the vending machines that is. Minuteman get down to it. She needed more. After Henry McKellen destroying her for over two hours last night she was going to be hard to please.
"Fuck Me! Why isn't Mace texting me?" She didn't know he was talked into giving Dakota and Travis a ride to school. On his way back home jamming music he wasn't even aware of her texts. Just as well it was against the law to text and drive.
Bored out of her mind she was tempted to just lift her legs up on her desk and get herself off. Wouldn't have been the first time, definitely not the last. Carl was out of the office dealing with his secretaries in a separate office down the hall. Luckily those elders kept to themselves unless it was necessary to get in touch with Carl. All the better for Piper, she was loved by everyone but she knew very little about those women. Carl had told her not to stress over them but in watching her own back she knew she needed to take the time to get to know them.
Wearing what she was today that might not be a good idea. Half her dress was see through. Tugging her skirt a mere two inches left or right she could see her pussy, same for her ass crack.
"God I'm so fucking horny. Roger?" She acts as if he were sitting right across from her, even though he wasn't, "I'm trying to hold out for you after Ed but darn it. I have to find something to keep me busy." Unable to think of anything but sex she gives up, sitting back she propped both legs on her desk and sank a pair of eager fingers. "Ohhhh Henry."
Yeah, it was going to be a long day.
********
Open Wide Say Oz Dental...stupid name but they got the job done.
"Come on in Sable." Dentist Duncan O'Malley followed his assistant Marie Sadler into a room. Sable easing around Duncan found the man gorgeous. At 5'7, with a well defined body she could tell he worked out. A bushy goatee of reddish brown hair made him look very distinguished. Marie was an adorable brunette with short brown hair and a stunning neckline, with her big green eyes she was beautiful. Body exquisite and petite but chesty to fill her out.
"Have a seat Sable. Ready to lose those annoying braces?" Marie assisted Sable by moving a dental tray back further for more room.
Once Sable was seated Marie spoke about procedure for Duncan who listened intently, standing against a counter admiring Sable. Especially her slightly unzipped shirt. Duncan was married but certainly liked a pretty girl. Sable was going to be stunning in a few short hours and he knew it. Listening to Marie, Sable drifted glances toward Duncan knowing he was checking her out. Eyes showing shyness she forced them to behave. "I have to be more like Dakota. I can do this." Easier thought than done.
"So, after Dr. O'Malley removes the brackets I'll assist him in cleaning the bonding adhesive away. After everything is completely removed and looking gorgeous I'll fit you for a temporary retainer to wear for awhile until your teeth get adjusted to life away from their prison. Sentence over!"
"Sounds good. I'm soooo ready." Something made Sable part her thighs as she told them that. Duncan noticing grinned sheepishly, she knew his mind was thinking dirty thoughts. So were hers actually. Losing her virginity was only days away. Let the fantasies begin.
"Great! Let me put a bib on you to catch any drool and keep adhesive off of that cute shirt." Marie provided a paper bib clipping it around Sable's neck. It wasn't hard to notice Duncan's disappointment in her chest being covered by the bib. Just as well he knew it would distract him from his job.
"Do I get my gums numbed?" Sable questioned.
"Only if we have to." Duncan pepped up, "It's a pretty painless process. Just let me know if you become too sensitive and we'll rethink that."
"Okay! Let's do this. Oh, my Dad says hi." She smiles.
"Henry should be ready for a cleaning here soon." Duncan pointed out.
"I'll tell him. Dad also told me to tell Marie...hubba hubba." She winces trying not to blush.
"Awww! That's sweet. You tell your Father I said to behave himself."
"As if!" Sable rolled her eyes, "Don't get me started."
"Hmmm! Get with me later." Marie winked and patted Sable's shoulder. "All yours Duncan."
"Yes she is." He winked as well. Sable grew wet in his stare.
"Yes I am."
"I'll be back shortly." Marie excused herself leaving Sable and Duncan to get to work. Technically Duncan could do the entire job himself but he liked Marie being around. Truth be known he had been fucking Marie for the last six months. Their secret!
Stepping out Marie made her way past the receptionists and other dental hygienists cleaning teeth in side rooms. Removing her smock and hanging it up she stepped through the front waiting room and out the door. Unlike her, a receptionist merely shrugged at her departure.
Having parked their SUV directly in front of the dentist's office Henry wasn't hard to find. Leaning on his opened window sill Marie realized he must be sleeping, his shades masking his eyes. Taking this moment she scanned her eyes over his body and bit her lower lip. "Mmmm! He's already hard." Finally, wanting his attention she risks rubbing his chest through his polo shirt. Reviving he jumped slightly and lifted his sunglasses to look up at her, sunlight around her offering a halo at his lured back sight. Angel?
"Hubba hubba? Did you really tell your daughter to flirt with me?"
"I didn't expect her to actually say it." He chuckled, "How you doing Marie?"
"I'm good."
"Aren't you supposed to be working?" He winced raising his seat upright.
"Sable's in good hands. So...crush on me or what?"
Laughing at her hand still touching his chest, almost embarrassed Henry scratches his neck, "Who's flirting with whom here?"
"Answer the question."
"I'd fuck you."
"Wow! I really thought you'd say no. I just wanted to mess with your head."
"Which head?" He winked.
"Pretty sure I'm being watched. Peggy's nosey. Otherwise I might take you up on that." A casual index finger point at his tented erection was her subtle hint.
"Really?" He chuckled, "Messing with my head when I'm thinking with my other one is dangerous."
"For the record? I don't normally chase guys, they chase me. I remember you well over the past year so when Sable mentioned hubba hubba I found it adorable. I also recall thinking you were cute. If you wanna hook up I'm in."
"No shit?"
"I need to keep this cool so I'll find your number from your file and text you. That way you have my number. You call me, I won't call you. I know you're married, I prefer married guys. Just not married women. She won't shoot me will she?"
"Dirty looks maybe. We're pretty open these days so I think we're both safe."
"Awesome! Better get back in and help beautify your kid. Fist bump me for Peggy so she doesn't presume the worst. I'll tell her Sable asked me to relay a message if she asks."
"Here's to tapping you." He lifts his fist and they bump knuckles while lifting away from his door. Watching her walk away he chuckles to himself, "She makes leggings look good. Definitely no panties. Well...my calendar just keeps getting full doesn't it? Josie, Piper, Tessa, Svetty, Kelly, Dom's sister Serafina...now Miss Marie. This will help keep my mind off that incest part of my game." It wouldn't be that simple and he knew it.
Back inside, Sable was whimpering slightly each time Duncan used pliers on her brackets twisting them and taking them off a section at a time. Concerned Duncan pauses, "Too sensitive?"
"No, just jitters. Feels weird is all." She mumbles trying not to move her mouth too much. Noticing a bit of drool Duncan takes that moment to lift her bib and dab the corners of her mouth. In doing this his eyes lowered to check out her 34B's. That zipper needed to come down more he thought. Knowing he couldn't just stop and tug it down he resisted and went back to work. After a few minutes Marie returned and hooked Sable's mouth with a vacuum to eliminate built up saliva.
"That better?" Marie smiled. "I waved at your Father through the front window." She didn't want to reveal more considering her other lover was her boss. She hoped Peggy the receptionist wouldn't bust her out. Sable resisted speaking and just gave Marie a thumbs up. With Duncan performing his duties she didn't want to interfere and slow him down.
"So far so good Sable." Duncan detaches one section of her braces then had an evil thought. With her bib awkwardly laying a thin portion of her cleavage was left intentionally uncovered. Holding his removed section over Sable's chest he looks to Marie. "Grab me a bottled water Marie. Throat's parched."
Agreeable, Marie steps out for a break area. The second she departs Duncan loosens his grip over his pliers and lets the tiny bracket fall into Sable's cleavage. She barely felt it but still flared her eyes. Gritting his teeth he whispers, "That's what I get for not straightening your bib out. I kind of lost it in your shirt there. You can get it later."
Instead Sable trembled and reached to her shirt and unzips it the rest of the way down then digs in to locate the elusive metal. In her search Duncan grinned at getting a better look at her tit. Finding it, Sable pulled it out and handed him the piece blushing. She knew in her heart he had done that on purpose, the timing was just too close. She clamped her lips down on the suction device and suddenly envisioned her Mom's dildo in her mouth. The hormones went wild. "Can I remove the bib seeing as I have this in my mouth?"
"Might drop more down there if there's nothing to block it." He chuckled.
"I can get it if it does."
"Sure! Let me unhook the bib." Once unclipped he took it away and sat it on a counter next to his work station. Now he had a perfect view of her tits. "Back to business?"
Sable nodded and sucked on her mouth device once before letting him into her mouth. Another tiny section removed Marie returns and notices Sable's cleavage. Passing the water over the patient cool droplets of condensation trickled over Sable's wide open cleavage. Duncan had to pause and wish he could take his first drink right from her chest. Unable to show too much sexual tension for fear of law suit he just asked Sable, "Sure you don't want that bib back?"
"No. It felt good."
Marie shook her head and winced at Duncan. She knew what he was like. Let him have his fun, it would be Marie to help deal with his frustrations over lunch. For the next fifteen minutes he finished off Sable's bottom row of teeth and admired his work.
"I'm going to take a breather and let Marie scrape out some of the longstanding adhesive and polish up a bit." He steps back and claims his water bottle drinking a third of it while facing Sable from the foot of her chair. Sable caught glimpses of him as Marie went to work with her cleaning tool. Seeing his eyes checking her out Sable grew wetter and wetter. Her jeans expressing a faint stain in the crotch with no panties to absorb her secretions, she had to close her thighs tightly. She was turning red and didn't want Marie to notice. It was hard being like Dakota.
After six minutes Marie concluded her work and smiled, "Beautiful if I do say so myself." Duncan stepping in to examine Marie's finished product nods with a pucker. Sable with both of them hovering over her whimpered a bit feeling closed in. Chest heaving under stress her nipples found themselves unable to resist peaking under her navy blue shirt. Added incentive for Duncan to take a good look noting exactly the position of her areolas from the widened gap of her cleavage.
Not far from one another Duncan found himself aroused using his smock to disguise a hefty erection. Marie finding this amusing noticed one missing piece of barely hanging enamel and eased in. Her hands holding the sides of her seat Sable left her upper body wide open for inspection.
Marie knew what she was doing, helping Duncan in his perverted urges, which was part of what drew her to him. She too had a deep affection for exhibitionism, just not today. Today she was just seeking to amplify Duncan's testosterone so that their lunch hour sex break would be incredible.
In her retrieval of the enamel Marie sent it flying into Sable's cleavage just as Duncan had done earlier. "Shoot! Forgive me Sable?" Sable shivered and peered over her nose at her tits seeing the tunnel between mounds vividly, her nipples pointing straight into the air. Eyes flaring at both Marie then at Duncan she began panting under pressure. "Where did it land?" Duncan inspected Sable's crevice with curiosity then hissed, "You better locate it Marie. I apologize Sable that was rude of me."
A sudden surge between her thighs like lightning Sable mumbled, "No it's not. You can look for it." Marie eyed Duncan to see if he would risk his career on this young woman. Rubbing his goatee he took it upon himself to lower his face closer toward Sable. Marie patting Sable on the arm to comfort her.
"That thing must have gotten lost under your shirt it's not immediately in view. Just as well I suppose. It's harmless enamel I'm sure you'll find that pesky booger sooner or later."
"I think I see it." Marie butts in, "It's...under your..." She pats her own left boob as a signal without vocalizing it. "May I?" Sable pinches the left side of her shirt and pulls it aside revealing more of her breast. Any further over and her areola might reveal itself. Delicately Marie begins to reach in but pauses, "You should do it Sweetie. That's not appropriate for me to be...you know...that close."
Suction hissing at Sable's clenched lips she had an easier idea. Reaching down to the lower hem of her shirt she raises the fabric to just below her tits. The lower definition of her mounds peeked out and Duncan leaned over spotting the thin sliver of enamel. Huffing his cheeks at her gorgeous flat tummy, her butt zipper jeans dipping low on her hips as it were he was struggling not to mumble, "Sweet Jesus!"
"It's right there Doctor." Marie pointed.
"Ahhh! There's that little devil." His hand reaching in he brushes his knuckle on the roundness of her tit and pinches the sliver between two fingers. As he did his eyes shot upward to note Sable's demeanor.
"If that's not the look of horniness I don't know what is." He thought to himself, "She's taking this like a champ. I really don't think I need to worry about my behavior." Patting her tummy with a very light caress of his palm he shows her the sliver. "There! No more MIA." He then wipes it on a paper towel next to him on the surgical tray. "Ready to get back to that upper nuisance?" He meant her braces. Sable nodded shyly and put her shirt down.
Tugging at her shirt Sable's hands remained below the waist using it as if a safety feature like Linus and his blanket. In doing this her chest crushed together more offering a view that just couldn't be missed. She knew, he knew it, Marie knew it. Marie smirked and merely watched Duncan dismantle more brackets. She was just waiting on him to toss another chunk into her cleavage. Studying Sable, Marie concluded that the girl was hoping for it.
"I hope her Father has that look when he sees me in something sexy." Marie found her own inseam soaked, "I'm going to go potty. You two should be okay without me."
"Alone again. Doing okay Sable?"
"Yes."
"You look tense. Would you like to stand up and stretch?"
"I could use it, I've been sitting back awhile now."
"Here let me remove that sad excuse for a straw." The suction line is removed which frees Sable's lips from captivity. Once he steps aside she eases out of her seat and turns her back to him. While stretching vibrantly, not wanting him to see her eyes bulging over the erotic nature of this visit she asked herself what would Dakota do? If he weren't so cute she might have objected to his obvious sexual harassment but Sable just couldn't resist testing her boldness, she wanted to act more like her sister, this was a good start.
With her back to Duncan he checked out her extremely tight jeans realizing the zipper in the ass. Gritting his teeth he wished he could get away with unzipping it but knew that was jail time. He was also grateful that the company refused cameras in the room, only in the lobby.
Sighing she turned back to face him and shyly smiled, "I'm ready now."
"So am I." He motions her back into the chair. This time Sable sits with her knees bent upward, her thighs further apart. In relocating to her opposite side he noted the wet stain between her legs wider than before and swallowed dryly. "I need a drink again." He chuckled and swigged his water bottle. "So...how is your sister doing? Josie?"
"They're good. I'm going to look identical to my sister now with the braces out."
"Pretty close. I'd say by looking at your teeth there could be subtle differences. Let's take a look after I get the upper deck removed." He gets back to work. Her hands nervously lower as they were before loitering between her thighs. Eying her while doing his best to get his job done he notes Sable slyly rub the inner portion of her jeans directly over the wet spot. He found her nerve solution sexy. She just needed to tease herself to see if she could. It was then she concluded that in her current sitting position her jeans were way too tight. Uncomfortable she fidgeted her body. "Everything alright? Am I hurting you?" He backed away from digging into her mouth.
"No. My...pants are too tight is all. They're not broke in yet."
"I'd love to break into those." He thought trying to appear understanding. He knew she was young so going too far would be stupid on his part. He couldn't quite recall her age. "How old are you these days?"
"Eighteen! Birthday girl but we're celebrating on Saturday."
"That's awesome. Congrats Miss Adult."
"Thanks." She lets him proceed but finds her jeans unruly. Pausing him he retreats again. "Doctor O'Malley? I know it's a weird thing to ask but...can I undo my pants so I can breath?"
Eyes flaring he puckers, "Uhhh? If you like. I can turn around." His lucky day!
"You don't have to. Zipper in back remember?" She lifts up on one hand and reaches behind her to tug her zipper down about two inches until the pressure was off. "I can breath now. I'm okay when standing but seated the constriction is painful."
"Understood." He waits for her to settle back in but finds her edgy, "Still too tight?"
"Yes." She takes a deep breath and unbuttons the only clasp in the front and sighs. "That's better. I'm ready now."
"You sure?" He laughs.
"I can't do any more my zipper only comes down in back." She finishes her response by whisper, "Besides I'm not wearing panties."
"TMI Miss McKellen." He chuckles, "Need something to cover your lap? I still have your bib."
"I'm good. Proceed!" She giggles thinking Dakota would be proud of her, "Feels strange my braces off the bottom teeth."
"Wait until I get the uppers out. Whole new world." He continues his mission trying to control his erection, it was massive as it is. Strangely he was thankful that Marie was staying away allowing him time to be slyly devious. Sable undoing her jeans made him wonder if she was teasing him or just actually uncomfortable. The jeans were tight.
Completing the top left side he used his enamel remover to chip away unwanted adhesive before moving to the right. Tempted to flick more intrusive flakes into her cleavage he chose to behave. Just looking at her hands returning to her inner thighs kept him interested. He wished her zipper was in front. The single button revealed nothing really. Deciding enough was enough he finished up the bracket extraction and cleaned her teeth before admiring his good work.
"Very nice. The boys are going to chase you like crazy now."
"I hope so." She giggled, "Can I see?"
In his thoughts he said the same of her, "Can I see that sweet ass?" Instead he passed her a hand mirror letting her examine her smile.
"Oh my God! THANK YOU! I look awwwwesome!"
"You looked awesome before." He chuckled, "But, I agree. Let me get Marie to polish those pearls up and fit you for that retainer and send you on your way."
"Okay." He stepped away and cornered Marie at a filing cabinet. She was searching for Henry McKellen's file for his phone number. Caught off guard Duncan merely sighed, "Lunch early?" Smiling she reaches behind her cautiously and grips his erection for a size check.
"Wow! Why doesn't he get that ginormous for me?"
"Wear jeans with a zipper in the back." He chuckles, "Go finish her up. I'll be in my office. No other appointments that can't be done by Eliza and Suresh. It's good to be the boss."
"Hey! Don't you dare jerk off while in your office."
"Saving it for you so no worries."
Ending their chat Duncan took his leave. Finding Henry's number she memorizes it and puts the file away. Taking out her cell she puts his number in her contact list. A simple text saying, "Sable will be done shortly. I'm free Sunday if you wanna ravish my body." She didn't wait for a reply instead dedicating her time to doing her job. Within thirty minutes Sable had a temporary retainer and looked silly. It was going to come out as soon as she got to school.
"Walk you out?" Marie shared her final thoughts. As Sable stood up and stretched Marie noticed the girls butt crack visible, her pants unzipped about three inches, that third inch in just getting up out of her seat. "Care to thank Doctor O'Malley real fast?"
"Sure." Marie led her into Duncan's office where he sat, lab coat off. Startled by Marie bringing Sable in he had to hide his lower half, his own zipper undone and fondling himself. Fortunately from her angle at the door there was no way she could see his seven inch cock held in his hand. It grew tighter just knowing how near she was.
"Sable wants to thank you."
"Oh! You're quite welcome Sable. See you again when the real retainer arrives and during checkups."
"I'm sooooooo happy." She bubbles up and scurries to the side of his desk not giving him time to put his dick away properly. Letting her hug him at least she didn't get a look at it. Patting her back he realized only skin below her shirts hem. She hadn't zipped herself up, totally forgetting the fact it helped her relax more. Not even her button was clasped in front. The jeans still hugged her hips tightly so it was likely an innocent mistake.
Once she lifted away she turned her back in a hurry but knocked a stapler off his desk. Bending over to pick it up off the floor he saw her butt crack as Marie had, only in her bending to hug Duncan the zipper crept down another inch, now at four inches. Dream cum true! Butt pucker visible he nearly shot his load. Stroking it inevitable he pointed his pecker right at her.
Turning quickly to put the stapler back on the desk she blushed heavily and caught a peripheral look at his beast as he masked it with a folder. Rejoining Marie at the door Sable just went ahead and hugged her too. It seemed natural. Once done Marie whispered into Sable's ear. "Don't be embarrassed but you probably should zip up."
"Oh crap!" She turned her back to Marie to prevent Duncan seeing her and spotted him no longer using the file with his right hand under his desk as if scratching his leg. His expression of yearn only left Sable absorbing that she knew differently, and bulged her eyes. Without zipping up she turned once again for a momentary pose to let him eyeball her butt crack a second longer and just slid by Marie in the doorway to walk out. She was all smiles! Job well done Dr. O'Malley! Job well done Dakota...Sable that is.
It wasn't until she had to schedule her next appointment that she zipped up. Looking back for Marie she discovered her missing. Pouting suddenly Sable completed any paperwork then went back to her Father's SUV. He was in the driver's seat this time so she got in on the passenger side before sharing her new improved smile. With the retainer in it still wasn't perfect. Plucking it out she shared her blessing.
"There's my gorgeous number two daughter."
"I look good don't I?" She took a selfie, admiring herself first then sent it off to her Mom and sister Dakota, skipping Travis for now because she wanted to show him in person. Same for Piper and Mace. "Do I totally look like Dakota now?" Henry swallowed dryly. Splitting image! Yikes! No comment!
Starting his engine Henry realized he had a text from Marie and quickly looked it over. "Sunday huh?" Taking a minute to type back he said, "Better brace yourself, I'm good for three hours straight. Where and what time?"
Good enough for now. He would have to wait for her reply this time. She was on her knees blowing Duncan. Early lunch five minutes into it. Something thick and creamy.
Good for the teeth they say.
Whitening agent!