Here it is, the final chapter. It's still too long, but I wasn't going to break it up again. This one has a lot of emotions in it, and was a little difficult to finish. Parts of this story may not make sense if you haven't read the previous chapters.
I didn't intend my first story printed here to be so long and involved, but I'm glad it turned out this way. Please leave feedback and let me know what you think. I have some other projects on the horizon, so hopefully you'll be seeing them soon.
Finally, the Friday before Labor Day was here. Both girls were flying into the airport – Catherine first, about an hour ahead of Ciara. Charles decided he would go to the airport by himself to pick up the girls. He wanted his first initial contact with them to be him alone, since he felt like he had so much to make up to them.
He was so excited that he got the airport about an hour early. He didn't want to take any chances that he wasn't there when Catherine landed. It gave him time to work on how he was going to tell them that their Aunt Karen was more than just his sister. He knew it had to be done delicately, and he tried to prepare himself for any possible reaction that might occur.
He figured that Catherine would eventually be okay with it. Even if she had initial concerns, once she analyzed all of the factors involved, he felt confident she could see it from his and Karen's viewpoint. But Ciara was a different story. Her emotions sometimes ran hot and cold, and if she reacted poorly, it would be difficult to get her to change her mind. His biggest fear was that Ciara was the one that had a closer relationship to her mom. He was afraid she would be angry that he was stepping on her mom's memory in a sick and perverted way.
He looked at the arrival board and saw that both flights were on time, and Catherine's was scheduled to land in 10 minutes. His began to feel his nerves flare just a little. The excitement of seeing his daughters was tempered with the fear of their reactions to the news he was about to share. He knew telling them was the right thing to do. He and Karen could have probably strung it along for a while, figuring out ways they could have hid it from the girls. But that meant they would have to carry out a perpetual deception, and his girls deserved better than that from their dad. Even though it wasn't going to be comfortable, it was the best thing to do.
Catherine's plane had landed by now, so he moved to the passenger arrival area and waited. As the passengers began to stream in, he was becoming excited with the anticipation that was building. Finally he saw her, and at the same time, she spotted him and began to pick up her pace toward him, before finally running. He went to her and they met as she jumped into his arms. The emotion became too much, and Charles began to cry as they held each other.
Charles was the first to speak. "Catherine, it's so good to see you. I've missed you!"
"I've missed you too, daddy. You look great! I'm so excited to hear that you have climbed out of your funk and are doing better!"
He replied, "I'm glad as well, and I'm so sorry I haven't been there for you and Ciara these last two years. How are you doing with all of that?"
"I'm doing okay. It's been great having Ciara being just a couple of hours away. We've leaned on each other pretty hard trying to deal with our grief. Without her, I'm not sure I could have handled it. Steven has also been great to me. He didn't push me to try and resolve all the issues of grief and loss. Instead, he allowed me to take the time I needed. He supported me every step of the way."
Charles said, "I'm so glad to hear that. I'm glad to hear he was strong enough to let you deal with this in your own way."
"I couldn't have done it without the help of others. Without Steven, and Ciara and Craig, I'm afraid I would have ended up as lost as you were. I wish there had been somebody for you to help you through your grief."
"Oh, there were plenty of people. Even you and Ciara tried to reach out to me, but I just shut everybody out. I don't know how long I could have gone on that way, but it wasn't living. I'm so grateful to Aunt Karen for helping me see what I had become, and that even though I missed your mom, it was no reason to keep my love away from my family, especially when they needed me."
Catherine hugged her dad again. "That's all in the past. What's more important now is the future. I hope we get to see more of you, daddy – we've all certainly missed you!"
By this time, her bag had made it to them on the luggage carousel. Charles picked it up, and they headed back to the waiting area to wait on Ciara.
Catherine's curiosity finally got the better of her. "So what's the family meeting all about? You certainly were mysterious on the phone the other day."
"Ah, patience, my child," he replied. "I'm not sharing anything until we get back to the condo. You're just going to have to wait a while!"
Catherine sighed, then said, "Okay, okay – I'll wait. I'm not going to like it, but I'll wait."
Soon they saw Ciara as she made her way into the terminal. Like her sister, she dropped her bag and ran up to the two of them, jumping into her daddy's arms and planting a kiss on his cheek as they hugged. Catherine came and joined in, and the little family shared their first close moment together in quite some time.
The three of them walked together to the luggage return, Charles carrying Catherine's bag. The girls walked a couple of steps ahead of him, holding hands as they busily chatted. He couldn't help but think how close to each other they must have gotten after their mother's death, especially since he had basically been an absentee father those two years as he struggled with his own darkness. He knew tonight was going to be a huge turning point in his relationship with his girls. He longed to be close to them again, but was afraid that what he had to tell them might actually drive them further apart, creating a chasm that might not be repairable.
His heart was heavy as they approached the luggage carousel to wait for Ciara's bag. The girls turned around and saw that his head was hung down, looking at the floor. Ciara went immediately to him. "What's wrong, daddy? It's ok – we're here together."
"I know, babe, but I just can't help the fact that I feel so shitty for having abandoned you girls the last two years. I see your close relationship that has formed because you didn't have anybody else to help you through your grief. I want to be a part of that again. I hope you can forgive me."
"Oh, daddy, I know how hard mommy's death was on you. Yes, I wish you had been around more, but that's in the past. Catherine texted me on the plan before I landed that you looked great, and she's right. We're both ready to welcome you into our lives again. There's still lots of time in our lives. Let's learn from the past and make sure we never repeat it."
With that, Ciara gave him another kiss on the cheek, as he held her in his arms, fighting back the tears that seemed to start up again. She looked up and smiled at him as she wiped a little moisture from the corner of his eye, then whispered in his ear, "I love you, daddy – we both love you." Charles gave her a squeeze again. They broke the hug as the luggage carousel started moving, and Ciara stepped up to grab her bag.
They happily chatted on the way back home. The girls caught their daddy up on what was going on in their own lives. He asked how often they saw each other, and wasn't surprised to find out that the first few months after Jessica had died, they were together every weekend, sometimes with their spouses, and sometimes just the two of them. The visits together were less frequent now, but each knew that if something was particularly stressful, they could contact each other at any time and arrange some sister time together.
Finally they arrived at the condo. Charles took a deep breath – the time had come. He went to the back of the SUV and grabbed both girls' bags, then led them inside. The elevator ride up to the 10th floor seemed unusually song to Charles. He knew he had to get ahold of his nerves some way, so he didn't crack as he told the girls his news.
They finally made their way inside. Karen was in the kitchen, and she came around to greet them. Each girl gave Karen a hug as they exchanged pleasantries. She didn't want to show too much affection to the girls yet, although she hoped before the trip was over she could be more open with them in light of her relationship with their father.
Charles took both girls' bags back to the second bedroom, then came back out to find his daughters had taken a seat at the dining room table. Karen was seeing to it that they were comfortable. "Girls, would you like something to drink? Some wine, perhaps?"
Catherine responded, "Yes, I'd like some wine." While Karen poured, she asked Ciara the same question. She replied, "No thanks, but I would take some water." Karen went to the refrigerator and grabbed a bottle of water for her. She looked up and saw Charles returning from the back bedroom and asked if he wanted some. He said, "Wine, please," and took a seat at the table across from his daughters.
Karen poured herself a glass of wine, then said, "I know you have some important things to discuss. I'm going to leave you to yourselves for now. Girls – it is really great to see you!" And with that, she headed into her bedroom and closed the door.
It was just Charles and his daughters now. He took a deep breath, and then began. "Girls, I know you're wondering just exactly what this family meeting is about. I have something to tell you that's not going to be easy, and I know it's going to get emotional. Please let me finish before you ask questions."
Both girls looked even more confused than they must have when he first invited them to visit. Catherine whispered out, "Daddy, you're not sick, are you?"
Charles looked at her reassuringly. "No, Catherine, I'm fine. It's not that. I told you a little about being set up to go on a blind date, and finding out that date was your Aunt Karen. It was Karen who saved me, and started this turn around in my life. If it weren't for her, we wouldn't be having this conversation here tonight. I'd be stuck in my darkness, facing another holiday weekend alone without your mom.
"After the date was over, we went back to her apartment to catch up some more. It was so good talking to her at the restaurant – up to that point, it was by far the best night of my life since your mom died. I realized how desperately I needed someone to be with, to talk to; someone that knew my pain and could help me out of it. That was also when I found out she was in pain as well, having to deal with the divorce from her asshole husband Roger – sorry, I shouldn't have used that word in front of you."
Ciara giggled. "No, daddy, you're right – Roger was an asshole!"
Charles smiled, which helped quell the tension he was feeling. It was time to drop the bomb.
"So back at her apartment, I told her how much fun I was having visiting with her again, and I gave her a hug. She hugged me back, and one thing led to another and.....well, we crossed the line. We became intimate."
He glanced up at both girls, and watched the shock come across their faces.
It was Ciara who spoke first. "By intimate, do you mean....sex?"
"Yes, I do. We didn't plan it – that certainly was the farthest thing on my mind as we sat at the restaurant. It just felt so good to be in the arms of another woman – especially one as beautiful at Karen. It became bigger than both of us.
"The next morning, there was no guilt at all, as I was afraid there would be. Instead, there was just this overwhelming feeling of contentment, a feeling I had not experienced since before your mother was diagnosed. Girls, I know it is weird and strange and probably even more, but the fact of the matter is, Karen saved my life, and I think I saved hers as well. We needed each other at that moment, and we continue to need each other. If I ever get back to whatever normal is in my life, it's all because of Karen."
He looked up at his girls and studied their reactions. As expected, he could tell Catherine was processing the information in her mind, weighing the pros and cons before she came to a conclusion. He looked at Ciara next. He could tell she wasn't handling the news very well, as he watched the emotions on her face change from shock to anger to anguish.
Ciara looked up at her father, and he could tell she was going to lash out. "Daddy, how could you? She's your sister! That's just disgusting!" And with that, she got up from the table and ran down the hallway to the back bedroom, slamming the door behind her.
Charles watched her go, then dropped his head to the table. He was afraid this was going to be the result. He knew he wanted to talk to Ciara more – so much more – but realized that until she was ready, it would only make the situation worse.
Instead, he turned back to Catherine, who by now was just sitting there, staring down the now empty hallway. "Catherine, help me – talk to me, please tell me what you are feeling."
He looked pleadingly into her eyes as she sat there in silence for a few minutes. The she looked at her dad, and said, "Well, you have to admit it is creepy. I mean, this is not something normal brothers and sisters do to each other."
"I know that, babe, and I'm not asking you to condone it. I just want you to understand how it happened, and that we don't really have any intention of stopping. We love each other, Catherine. It had been over two years since I had looked at a woman that way, let alone touch one. It had been nearly a year for her as well. But we believe we each have what the other needs for their lives – both emotionally as well as sexually."
Catherine nodded. "I can't help thinking about what mom would say about this relationship. What do you think she'd tell you if she could talk to you right now?"
Charles thought for a little bit, then said, "I don't know, Catherine, but I do know this. I know that she would have been pretty disappointed with me the last two years, and I know she'd want me to be happy. I also know that she loved Aunt Karen, and they had become pretty good friends before she died. I would like to think that because she wanted me to be happy, and because she knew Aunt Karen so well, she would be happier than if I was out in the crazy dating world, trying to find the right person for me. It the right person was already close, why would she not be happy with that?"
Catherine looked at her dad and smiled. "You know, you always had a way of showing me things I might not be able to see otherwise. I only want you to be happy, and if this is the way for that to happen, I'm fine with it. You're right, Aunt Karen is a beautiful lady, and you two make a stunning couple together."
With that, Charles stood up and went to her with a hug. As they embraced, Catherine whispered in his ear, "I love you, daddy. When I first saw you standing in the airport tonight, I could tell that you had changed – for the better. You look great, dad, and now I know why!"
Charles whispered back, "I love you to, baby. Could you help me with Ciara now? I don't want this to come between us. I need her just as much as I need you, as much as I need Karen."
Catherine nodded. "I can't promise anything, but I'll try. If anybody can get through to her, it's me. I'll go talk to her."
They broke their hug, and Catherine headed down the hall to the back bedroom. She lightly knocked, and then stepped inside. Charles headed into the hallway as well, but he stopped at Karen's door, knocking, and then stepping in.
Karen was sitting on her bed, a worried look on her face. "So that didn't go very well, did it? I heard the bedroom door slam, and I figured one of them had run in there."
Charles nodded. "I knew it would be Ciara that really struggled with this. After she left, Catherine and I talked, and she ended up hugging me and told me she saw the difference in my life now that you are a part of it. She hugged me and told me if that was what it was that was making me happy, then she was all for it."
Charles sat down on the bed next to Karen, and leaned over to give her a kiss. She took his hand in hers, and asked, "What about Ciara? I take it she was pretty upset. Is the going to be able to get through this?"
"I don't know," replied Charles. "Catherine is in there with her now. If anybody can help Ciara with this, it's her. I only know that it's probably going to be a long night, because I'm not going to be able to sleep until I get a chance to talk to her again. I'm getting ready to make some coffee. Want to come out and join me?"
"As much as I'd like that, I think I'd better just stay hidden in here for a while. If you'd bring me a cup, I'd appreciate that."
Charles kissed her again, then headed to the kitchen. He got the coffee started, and while he was waiting it to finish, he thought back to the meeting with his daughters. His emotions were running amuck in his mind. While he was glad that Catherine seemed to be okay with his relationship with her aunt, he was still upset that Ciara had not taken the news well at all.
When the coffee was done, he got two mugs out of the cabinet and filled them. He took one to Karen, handing it to her before turning to leave. She called out lightly to him, "Charles – I love you, and I'm still ready – "
He shook his head and said, "No – I told you not to say that again. We'll make this work – we have to."
He headed into his own bedroom, and sat down in the corner chair. He ran through all he wanted to say to Ciara if she would give him the chance. He was struggling with his wide range of emotions he had experienced in the last two years. He remembers the gut punch he felt when the doctor had shared Jessica's cancer diagnosis, then the pain he felt as he watched that same cancer take her life. The darkness of the two years that followed her death brought a familiar shadow over his feelings, followed by the awakening brought on by the blind date with his sister, and the intimacy that followed.
The last few weeks had been an exhilarating ride. He fell madly in love with his sister, who had lifted the dark veil that hung over his life. The last part of this puzzle was his daughters' acceptance of their relationship. Catherine had given him that acceptance. He now waited on Ciara, hoping she'd give him another chance to talk to her about it.
The minutes dragged on. Charles was getting to the point where rational thought wasn't possible. He just wanted to talk to his baby girl, to soothe her, to answer any questions she might have. He wanted his family back, and this was the one thing that was keeping him from that goal.
It was nearing 2:00 a.m., and Charles was feeling weary from the evening's events. Finally he heard the back bedroom door open. He sat up in his chair as Catherine walked in the door. His heart sunk a little, because he had hoped to see Ciara instead. Catherine walked over to him and gave him a hug.
"Daddy," she said," Ciara wants to come in and ask you some questions. She's asked me to be in here with you when she does. Is that okay"
Charles smiled. "Of course it is! I was hoping I could get a chance to talk to her again."
Catherine smiled as well. "I'm not sure she wants a lecture – it would be best if you just listened to her and answer the questions she asks."
"Okay, I can do that."
Catherine disappeared for a few seconds, then came back, holding Ciara's hand as she led her into Charles' bedroom. He could tell she had been crying, so he smiled at her, trying to show her without speaking that he loved her.
Ciara sat on the edge of the bed with Catherine next to her. She looked at her dad, and finally asked, "Daddy, I'm sorry I ran to the bedroom earlier. It's just that I wasn't expecting to hear what you told us, and I was really confused and upset – in fact, I'm still confused, and perhaps still a little upset as well. But I have some questions I need to ask you."
"Of course, baby – I get why you were upset. If there was another way to tell you, I would have in a minute. I'm ready to answer any question you ask."
She asked her first question. "Daddy, do you really love Aunt Karen? This isn't just about sex, is it?"
He was a little surprised at the bluntness of her question, but he didn't let on. "Oh, yes, Ciara. I love her very much. If for some reason we couldn't have sex anymore, I'd still want to be with her. She knows me, and I know her. It's been so much better to be with someone like that, verses having to find someone new and try to get to know them. I wasn't looking forward to the dating scene, and now I don't have to worry about that. But I also can't lie – the sex part is pretty good as well."
Ciara made a face with him, and he relaxed a little bit. In that face, he saw perhaps the beginning of a slight thaw in her mood.
She continued with her questions. "Do you still love mommy, even though she's been gone for over two years?"
"Of course I do – I will never stop loving her. She was my soulmate. I never even looked at another woman once she and I found each other in our freshman year in high school. My life was perfect – a beautiful wife that was my perfect match, and then two beautiful daughters. People were jealous of our beautiful family! Even though she's gone, she will never be gone in my heart. Karen knows that. In fact, she loved your mom as well. Even though I want to be with Karen now, I will never stop loving your mom, and missing her like crazy."
"What do you think she'd say about you being with Karen?
Charles looked her straight in the eyes. "I think she'd want me to be happy, just like I'd want her to be happy if I had been the one who had died first. And if that person happened to be Karen, I think she'd be happy with that."
Ciara stood up. "Okay, you two stay here – I have some questions for Karen as well." And with that, she turned and stepped out into the hallway, closing the door behind her.
Charles looked at Catherine and said, "What all did you talk about back there? How did you get her to come and talk to me?"
Catherine laughed. "You know what we talked about. I pretty much just sat with her for a while, and then she started asking me questions like she just asked you. I told her about our conversation together after she had left us to run to the back bedroom. She asked a lot of questions, some of which I couldn't answer. Finally I told her that if she wanted these questions answered, she should go straight to the source of the one who could give those answers to her. That's when we came in to see you."
Meanwhile, Ciara had knocked on Karen's bedroom door, then stepped in when Karen invited her. Ciara went to the side of the bed and sat down next to Karen. "I have some questions for you that I need you to answer."
Karen nodded, "Okay, Ciara, I'd be happy to answer your questions."
Ciara asked, "Do you really love my daddy?
Karen blushed, then said, "Yes, I do – I love him more than I've ever loved any man in my life. I would do anything for him. I have even told him several times that I would leave the picture if my being with him caused too much pain for you and Catherine."
Ciara continued. "Can you love him, even though you know he still loves my mom, and always will?"
"Of course! I'm not trying to be Jessica to him. I know what they had for each other was a once in a lifetime experience, and I'm not about to try and take that away from him. I just know that he has enough love in his heart for me as well, and I don't want to give that up. Your father is an incredible man, and I'm so lucky he wants to be with me, especially after all he's been through.
"Ciara, I loved your mom as well. Her death hurt me just like it hurt all of you. So there's no reason why I would think you father would ever stop loving her, and I don't want him to. Every morning when we wake up together, I make your father tell me one thing he loved about your mother. That way, he keeps her alive inside, and I get to find out just how wonderful she was."
Ciara looked up at Karen. "You really do that?"
"Yes, Ciara – I really do. I also hope you have noticed that he is still wearing the ring your mom gave to him on their wedding day. I don't want him to ever take it off. He deserves to know that the love they had for each other will never die."
Ciara had one more question. "So then what are you going to be in this relationship with Catherine and I? I don't think we can call you mother or mom or mommy."
Karen agreed. "No, I'm certainly not your mother, and I don't even want you to think of me that way, not that it wouldn't be an honor to be your mother. There is only one person who had the right to be called your mother, and I would not take that from her. But also want you to know that whatever you want from me in our relationship, I will always be there for you. I would love it if you would just call me Karen – that would be special enough for me."
Ciara looked at Karen, as tears began to flow down her face. Finally, she reached over and pulled Karen into a hug. As they held each other, Ciara said, "Thank you for loving my daddy. He needs a woman, and I think you are just about perfect for him. The whole brother/sister thing is still weird, but I'll work on that part."
Karen replied, "Thank you for understanding. I promise I love your dad very much, and I will take care of him for you and Catherine."
With that, Ciara stood up, and pulled Karen up next to her. Taking her hand, Ciara led Karen through her bedroom door and into Charles' bedroom, where he and Catherine were waiting. With tears still streaming down her face, Ciara looked at her father and said, "Daddy, your bedroom is where Karen belongs. She doesn't have to sleep across the hall just because Catherine and I are here. While I may still not understand everything about this relationship, I love you, and I give you my blessing."
With that, she raced into her father's arms. Catherine followed, and soon Karen joined in. They enjoyed their first hug together in this new family environment, as Charles' heart leapt inside his body.
As their hug continued, Ciara looked at Catherine, and Catherine nodded. Ciara spoke up. "Daddy, this family meeting came at a good time, because I also have an announcement." She looked up at her father, and said, "I'm....I'm pregnant!"
Charles' jaw dropped. He had not expected to hear this. "Pregnant? Pregnant! Do you mean to tell me that I'm going to be a grandfather?!?"
Ciara smiled. "Yes, daddy, you are – and I bet you'll be the best grandfather in the world!"
With that, the group hug continued. They stayed up in Charles' room for at least two more hours, catching up with their lives, and making plans for the future. Charles had never really thought about being a grandfather before, and he began to picture himself playing in the park with a grandson or granddaughter, and his heart warmed.
They finally decided that they needed to sleep at least a little while before they began their Saturday activities. The girls headed out to their bedroom down the hall, and Karen started to hers across the hall, but Ciara turned back in time to grab Karen and push her back into Charles' room. Karen blushed when Ciara said, "If you two are going to get busy in here tonight, can you keep it down so you don't disturb us back here?" And with that she smiled, kissed her aunt on the cheek, and shut the door as she went in the back bedroom.
As soon as the door closed, Karen rushed into Charles' arms as she gave him a deep kiss. Charles sighed, and smiled back at his sister. He said, "That was the most excruciating few hours I've experienced in a long while, but considering the outcome, I'd do it all again!" Then he added, "It would probably be best if we didn't exploit our relationship too much the rest of the weekend. They say they're okay with it, but I don't think we need to be our usual expressive selves, if you know what I mean." And with that, he reached down and grabbed her ass, causing her to moan.
"You're probably right, as usual," she countered. "But just so you know, every time I look at you and smile this weekend, it means I would rather be holding you, or kissing you, or fucking you, or anything else I love to have you do to me!"
*****
Everybody slept in the next morning, given it was the fact that it was after 5:00 a.m. before they got to sleep. Shortly after noon, Charles was the first to get up. He headed straight for the bathroom to relieve himself and brush his teeth, then put on his long swim trunks and a t-shirt and headed into the kitchen to get something started for breakfast. He decided they would have breakfast for lunch, and got busy making pancakes, sausage, scrambled eggs and toast.
Karen came out next. She had on the pajamas that Charles hated (he called them old woman pajamas because they covered nearly every inch of skin on her body) but wore last night anyway, for the sake of his daughters. She quickly planted a peck of a kiss on his lips before offering to help, which he accepted.
The breakfast was almost ready when the two girls came out of the backroom. Charles looked up as they came down the hallway, and his heart warmed once again. He thought that even with bed hair and wrinkled pajamas, they were the two most beautiful girls in the world. He wanted to run out from behind the breakfast bar and swarm them with a big hug, but thought better of it.
All agreed that breakfast was delicious, and provided them with a source of energy to get their Saturday going. Charles suggested that if they wanted to swim, that afternoon would be a good time, so all of the women headed back into their bedrooms to put on their swim wear.
Later in the pool, they enjoyed splashing water on each other. Karen had put on her black one piece, mostly because she knew he wouldn't be able to keep his erection down if she had worn either bikini. She and Charles spent most of their time in the pool looking at each other and smiling, and pretty soon the girls were starting to get suspicious. Finally it was Catherine who figured it out – "Oh, for goodness sake, dad – get over there and kiss her. The leering at each other is just a bit over the top!
After swimming, they went into the city and walked around the Old Market shops. While shopping like this wasn't Charles' thing, he was enjoying spending leisurely time with the three women he loved most in the world. He did, however, pick up his entrance when they went into a maternity shop and began looking at baby items. This brought out speculation about what gender the baby would be. Ciara flushed with excitement – they were fawning over her baby, and she could hardly wait to be a mother.
The rest of the weekend went pretty much the same way. At one point, Charles produced his laptop, and all three girls spent time together shopping online for baby items. Charles couldn't help but swell with love as he watched Karen sitting close to his girls as they shopped together on the laptop. He walked over and caressed Karen's shoulders, and she reached up and patted his hand before returning her attention to the baby goods. Charles realized that this was a first for Karen as well, since she had never had children of her own. He thought that she may end up being more excited for this new baby than he was, and he was just fine with that.
Eventually the weekend was over, and it was time for the girls to go back to their own homes. They had chosen early evening flights on Sunday so they could get back and still have a day with their husbands on the Monday holiday.
Their flights were 45 minutes apart this time, with Catherine departing first. They arrived an hour early so each girl could make it through the screening process in plenty of time. As Catherine was about to leave, she pulled her father into a hug, and with a kiss on the cheek, said, "Daddy, I love you so much. This had been a great weekend. I'm so relieved to see you happy! I think you and Karen are wonderful together!"
Charles hugged her tighter, and said, "Thanks for giving me another chance to be a dad. I'm so proud of you and all you've accomplished. I promise we will visit often, although you'll have to tell me if it gets to be too much!"
"Don't worry, daddy – I don't think it will ever be too much!" And with a quick kiss on the lips, she turned and immediately was lost in the shuffle of the screening process.
Ciara still had several minutes before she had to begin the check-in process, so she and Charles found a place where they could sit down where it was relatively quiet. Ciara took his hand into hers, and said, "I'm really sorry I got up and ran out on you. It hit me wrong because it was about the last thing I expected you to tell us. I knew I had to get away before I yelled out something that might have been pretty bad. Can you forgive me?"
Charles pulled her closer, so that her head was resting on his shoulder. "Oh, baby, there's no reason you need to be forgiven. I'm sorry you had to go through that, but I just didn't know any other way to tell you, and we certainly didn't want to hide it from you. Truthfully, I figured you would be the one that would struggle the most with it. I'm just so glad you didn't run away from us permanently."
She squeezed his hand. "A big part of my reason to accept this was that I could see the change in your life, and I knew Karen was largely responsible for that. I missed you so much the last two years, daddy! I'm so glad those days are over."
His eyes began to mist up again, as he said, "Don't worry, sweetie – It will never happen again. I already had plans to get with you and Catherine more often, but now with this (he patted her on the belly), I'll be there more than ever before! Congratulations, Ciara – you're going to be a fantastic mom! I just wish your mother could have experienced this. She would have been an amazing grandmother."
"I know, daddy – I've thought about that a lot. But you know what? I think Karen's going to be pretty good as well. I know she hasn't ever experienced a baby on her own before, so hopefully my little one will help fill an empty spot in her heart. Do you think she would fly out for a weekend sometime and help me shop and get my nursery ready?"
"Oh, Ciara, you would make her the happiest woman in the world if you would do that! Can I tell her your plans to call and arrange a trip like that?"
Ciara giggled. "Of course you can tell her. I'd like Catherine to drive up as well. Let me get with her and we'll start looking for a weekend to get together, just your girls, daddy!" With that, she gave him a playful kiss on the cheek.
Charles felt like a million dollars. It looked like Karen was going to fit into their lives very well. He couldn't have asked for anything more.
It was time for her to begin the screening process. They stood up and embraced, holding each other like neither wanted to let go. Finally Ciara stepped back and looked directly at her father. "Daddy, I love you so much. I'm so thrilled to see you happy again! Please tell Karen I love her too, and to take good care of you!"
"I will, Ciara – I promise."
She gave him a quick kiss, and then pulled in close again and said softly in his ear, "I know you and Karen held off this weekend while we were there, and I love you for that, but now I want you to go home and make love to her and tell her that you love her!"
Charles blushed, but said, "Don't worry – that's been my plan all day!"
And just like that, she turned and headed into the maze of the screening process.
*****
After that weekend, it seemed that life for Charles and Karen fell into a perfect place. They developed a comfortable rhythm – not comfortable in the fact that it was plain and dull, but comfortable in the fact that they learned little things about each other that hadn't stood out before, but those things always strengthened their love for each other.
As they learned more about each other, they also did things they neither one would have tried before. A perfect example was their second encounter with the couple in the Jacuzzi. Charles and Karen usually went to the pool two or three times a week. Sometimes that meant spending a relaxing hour letting the circulation of the Jacuzzi jets relax the tight muscles of the day.
One evening as they soaked, the young couple came into the indoor pool and headed straight for the Jacuzzi. Charles had convinced Karen to wear the lime green bikini she had purchased on her shopping trip with Lori (and had modeled for Charles after she had tied him up in the chair). Much to Charles' delight, she had performed the necessary "trimming" before she felt she could even possibly wear it for swimming, and he had rewarded her by taking the new "trimmed" pussy for a brisk session of fucking.
A flush of red appeared in Karen's cheeks. "Charles," she said, "they're going to see too much of me in this suit! What am I going to do?"
He looked at her and smiled. "It's not that bad. But if you really feel uncomfortable, just slide down a little bit and keep your breasts under the water."
She did just that as the other couple climbed in. Charles kept a keen eye out on the man. The last time they were in the Jacuzzi with them, the young couple fucked in front of them, and Charles and Karen had to exit before they reached their happy ending. Instantly Charles' mind began to work on a fun little scheme, but he needed Karen to cooperate if it was going to work. He leaned over to her and whispered something in her ear. Her response was, "No, Charles, I couldn't possibly do that!"
Charles kept whispering. "If you don't, then you're going to have to stay in here for the climax of their activities, if you know what I mean!"
"Okay, I guess I have no choice, but I'm not too comfortable with this."
Just like their last visit together, Charles and Karen could tell that the other couple was starting to get active. Soon the young man looked at Charles, just like the last time, and Charles gave a quick nod. That was the cue the man was looking for, and he pulled his friend on top of him, her back facing Charles and Karen. They saw the man reach under the girl's ass, pull aside the crotch of her swimsuit, and line his cock up with her pussy. A quick thrust up, coinciding with her gasp, meant that he had found his intended target.
Karen looked at Charles, and he nodded. He stood up first to get out of the Jacuzzi, then swung his leg over the side and grabbed his towel. He took some time drying off, before taking a few steps to the door. There he stopped to watch the upcoming action.
That was Karen's cue to exit the Jacuzzi. Making sure the young man was watching her over the shoulder of his friend, she slowly stood up and adjusted the top of her bikini top, nearly exposing her nipples in the process. She then turned around to step out of the Jacuzzi, and he could see that the already narrow strip of fabric hiding her ass crack was wedged firmly between the luxurious globes of her ass. Karen took her time kicking her legs over the side as she climbed out, making sure that she spread her legs wide, which further drove the fabric of her bikini bottom between her cheeks.
Once out, she began drying off with her towel, then threw it over her shoulder as she started walking over to join Charles. After her first two steps, she stopped, reached her arms behind her, and proceeded to "un-wedgie" herself, pulling the suit out of her ass crack and exposing her naked ass. As she was putting on her show, Charles had kept his eyes on the couple still fucking in the Jacuzzi. He noticed the man had not taken his eyes off of Karen during her entire exhibition. Finally, when Karen had pulled the bikini out, and man's eyes got real big, which caught the attention of his friend, still fucking him on his lap. She looked and saw that it was Karen he was ogling, so she slapped him across the face and cried out, "Jeremy, it's me you're fucking, not her! Eyes on me, you bastard!"
Charles and Karen laughed as they walked quickly to the elevator for the ride to the 10th floor. With the door safely closed, Karen turned to Charles and playfully punched him in the arm. "Shit, Charles – I can't believe you made me do that!"
"Made you? I admit to asking, but I didn't twist your arm! But what a performance you just put on! It was like you've done that before! How did it make you feel?"
Karen grinned. "At first I was nervous as hell – I mean I've never shown off like that before, anywhere! But when I stood up and saw that I could command his attention...I don't know, it was a feeling unlike any I've ever had before. Suddenly doing the rest didn't seem to be that hard! I don't know what to think – except that I can hardly wait until we get to the condo!"
"Why is that?"
"Because I want you to fuck me hard and fast!" Karen's cheeks were flushed, and her pulse was pounding in her temple. The elevator ride seemed longer than ever. Finally the door opened, and she pulled him quickly out into the hallway and down to their door. Once he got it opened, she pulled him in once again. Karen dropped her own towel on the floor and pulled Charles' towel roughly from his body, then leapt onto his, her arms locked around his shoulders and her legs around his ass.
Holding her in that position, he carried her into the bedroom. Not bothering to take their suits off, he leaned forward and she crashed onto the bed, releasing her grip on his body. Quickly he pulled his trunks down, all the time with his eyes locked on hers. She started to strip her lime green bikini, but he shook his head no, and she stopped.
Instead, he climbed on top of her, took his cock in one hand, pulling aside the narrow crotch of her bikini bottom with the other, and proceeded to grant her wish. Immediately he heard Karen break into what he liked to call her "fuck song" – "Oh my god, Charles, on my god oh my god oh my god OH YES, fuck me like that, fuck me like that, fuck me fuck me fuck FUCK ME FUCK FUCK FUCK!" Of course, he especially liked the last verse, "Yes, yes, yes, YES YES cumming, cumming, CUMMING FUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKK!"
Charles' song wasn't as eloquent. As he drove over edge, he let out a throaty growl, until it was too much for him to control, and he fell crashing down on top of Karen. Not wanting to squish her, he quickly rolled off of her, his cock pulling out quickly and spraying his last few drops of sperm onto her bikini bottom.
They took their time coming down from their orgasmic high. Finally Karen turned her head to Charles and said, "Charles, I have a confession to make."
Charles responded, "Okay, let me hear it."
"You know I told you I kind of liked showing off for that guy in the Jacuzzi, but if you don't mind, I think my exhibitionist days are over."
Charles mocked sadness as he said, "But baby, with your sexiness, the world needs to see you in all your beauty!"
"No, Charles – my beauty is for your eyes only!"
*****
They grew in love for each other each and every day. Every morning started out the same way, with Karen asking Charles to tell her one reason why he loved Jessica so much. Their sex life slowed a little, but neither felt like they weren't getting enough. And even when they weren't making love, there were still the playful hugs, pokes, gropes and kisses, which seemed to go on constantly when they were with each other.
But even with the way things were going, Charles still felt like something was missing. It wasn't with their relationship. They both felt that it could not be going any better. It was something else, and it kept nagging at him. Finally one Tuesday afternoon at work, he figured out it out, and he knew it was going to require a little planning to carry it off. He wanted everything set for Friday.
Finally Friday morning came around. Once he got to work, he sent a text message to Karen that read, "Date tonight, little black dress required, panties optional. Pack an overnight bag for tomorrow, casual clothes. Car will pick you up at 6:00."
Karen read the text, and immediately her heart skipped. This was the first she had known of any date. In fact, she wondered why he hadn't said anything before he left for work an hour ago. And what was the overnight bag part about? She needed to know more, so she sent a reply text – "overnight bag? Little black dress? What are you up to?"
She waited for a reply text from Charles, but it never came. She thought about calling him, but she didn't want to bother him if he was busy. She also knew that he wouldn't do anything that would make her uncomfortable. He'd never given her a reason not to trust him, and she didn't think he would do that now. At the same time, she knew the dress he wanted her to wear was revealing, more than anything other than swimsuits she had ever worn in her life. And panties optional? What did that mean?
So she spent her day getting ready. She took a long, luxurious bath, then dried off and put on a plush robe Charles had in his closet, choosing to walk around the condo with it on the rest of the day. She did some personal grooming, remembering how much Charles had said he liked her trim job when she wore the lime green bikini. She worked on her nails, wishing she had had more time to make an appointment for a manicure. She took extra time getting her hair ready. And she also spent some time applying makeup. Even though Charles thought she was sexy without, she really wanted to grab his attention for whatever he had planned for tonight.
She glanced at the clock and saw that she had an hour before the car came to pick her up. She grabbed a travel bag from the closet, then fussed for the next 20 minutes about what she should put in it. What did casual mean? Sweats and a t-shirt? Khakis and a pullover? She decided that to be safe, she'd back both.
Next, it was time to get dressed. She went to the closet and pulled out the black dress, a little shocked at both its light weight and in its revealing cut. She took off the robe and slipped the dress on, then walked over to look in the mirror. It had been a few weeks since she had modeled it for Charles, and when she saw her reflection, she gasped. It was beautiful, and it did fit her well, but it was going to take some extra bravery to wear it out in public. She loved the way it felt against her skin, and when she glanced up again, she could see her prominent nipples poking their approval. Finally the big question – panties, or no panties? She had pulled out the bottoms of the black lace set she had purchased the same day she bought the dress. He had said panties optional, but that would make her feel even more exposed than she already was in the dress. Finally she decided – he was surprising her with whatever was happening tonight, so she would surprise him by showing up commando. She grabbed the panties and put them in her purse, just in case. She then found some black strappy heels, and quickly slipped them on her feet.
She completed her outfit with a long silver necklace that hung down between her cleavage. She knew it would just call even more attention to her breasts than just the dress alone. Charles had always told her how beautiful she was, and as she was starting to believe him, she was starting to like looking beautiful and being noticed. She knew that she would turn the heads of men and even some women when she walked into wherever it was Charles was taking her tonight. The thought of being the center of attention caused her body to release a little juice in her pussy, which then caused her to second guess her choice to go without panties.
She stepped into the elevator for the ride to the ground floor at 5:55. His text had said the car would be there at 6:00. How did she know which car was hers? Would it be him coming to pick her up? She stepped outside and realized she shouldn't have had to worry about that. Waiting for her at the door of the condo was a chauffeur, who took her overnight bag from her and guided her to the longest black stretch limo she had ever seen. She stood in amazement as the driver opened the door for her, and as she stooped to get in, she realized that one false move would cause her to flash her naked pussy for the driver to see! The driver opened the trunk and placed her bag in, then walked to the driver's door and got in.
The car started moving, just as the driver announced over some kind of intercom system, "Good evening, Miss Karen. We have about a 30 minute drive to take you to your first destination. Please sit back and relax and enjoy the ride. And may I say, you look incredibly beautiful tonight!" Karen blushed, and quickly thought back to the flash at the Jacuzzi a few days earlier. Just as she had then, she felt a rush caused by embarrassment of being seen in such revealing clothing, and a rush of endorphins caused by being noticed in such revealing clothing.
As the car made its way towards the downtown area, Karen suddenly realized what the first destination was. The first time she had gone there, she had to drive her own car, and her trip was filled with lots of questions – what am I doing? Why am I doing this? Who is this guy I've been set up with? At the time, these questions masked the more serious questions of the time – Why can't I get a job? How can I be all alone at this point in my life? What am I going to do if my savings runs out and I can't find a job?
Tonight as she rode in the back of the limo, the questions were far less serious – Is this dress to revealing? Should I put my panties on? What does Charles have planned for us tonight? She fingered the necklace between her cleavage as she continued to ride to her destination, and accidently brushed her wrist over her right nipple. Her body jerked a bit as the sensitive bud was caressed beneath the smooth fabric of the dress. Karen realized that all of these factors together were setting her up for a supercharged night of incredible sexiness. She didn't dare check down below to see if she was wet – she didn't want to make a wet spot on the back of her dress, so she kept her legs closed, hoping the moisture would stay in place.
Finally the limo turned the last corner, and she found herself at the base of the 30 story building that contained the top floor restaurant where their blind date took place. The limo driver quickly hopped out of the car and opened her door. Again she had to work hard to keep her legs closed as she swung her feet out of the limo and onto the pavement. The driver offered his hand to help her stand up, then closed the door behind her, before heading moving back in front of her to open the door into the building.
As Karen entered the door, the driver said, "You bag will be deposited for you at your end location. Have a good dinner, Miss Karen." Again she blushed – she figured this would happen many times throughout the evening, no matter what Charles had planned.
She got into the elevator for the ride to the top of the building. As it ascended, she couldn't help but think how much her life had ascended since the last time she was in this elevator. Who would have known what the outcome of that blind date would be? Who could have known that in the time span of just a few days, she would climb from the lowest of lows in her life to the upmost highest she could possibly be? She shook her head and smiled, as she prepared for what lay ahead of her that night.
When the elevator arrived at its destination, she stepped out into the crowded lobby of the restaurant. She immediately spotted Staci, the hostess who had seated her for her blind date. At the same time, Staci spotted her, and as if they were old friends, came out from behind the hostess station to give her a hug. "Hi, Karen, you look incredible!" Staci exclaimed, as only she in her bubbly spirit could. "I'm so happy to see you again, and so happy to see that it looks like your blind date took! C'mon, Charles is here and waiting!"
With that, Staci took Karen by the hand and led her through the crowded maze of tables toward the back of the dining area. As they turned the corner, Karen realized two things – as she was being lead through the restaurant, she noticed that the eyes of many of the patrons were watching her, which made her feel as perhaps something was showing that wasn't supposed to be seen, but she didn't want to look down to check it out. The second thing she realized is that Charles had seen them coming, and he now stood at their table in the back corner, waiting on her arrival.
Charles was beaming, as Staci stopped, with Karen still in hand. Staci looked first at Charles, then to Karen, and said, "Look, I know you two know each other now very well, but I want to do this because it worked so well the first time. Charles, this is Karen. Karen, this is Charles. Then placing Karen's hand into Charles', said, 'I hope you two have a wonderful time!" Then with an over-the-top giggle and huge grin, Staci spun her head around, with ponytail following, and headed back to the hostess desk.
Charles examined Karen with his eyes, up and down her body. Karen started getting a little nervous again that something was out of place. "Charles, do I look okay? Everybody was staring as I walked in. Are my nipples sticking out? Is my skirt not down where it belongs?"
Charles laughed. "Baby, they were staring because you are the prettiest woman in the place tonight. In that dress, you look amazing!" Karen blushed again, and she could feel a tingling sensation coursing throughout her arms and legs. She wondered if she had just experienced a full-body blush.
Charles helped her to her seat on the back side of the table, then followed closely next to her. The table offered them some privacy as they dined, although the foot traffic was busy, as could be expected. Their waiter was not Marcus, as it was that first night, but instead a beautiful young college-aged student name Samantha, or Sam, as she preferred. She took their drink order (iced tea, since Charles would not let Karen get wine) as Charles and Karen poured over the menu.
Finally Sam came and took their food order. As she left, Karen looked at Charles and said, "Why, Charles? Why all of this? What has come over you?"
Charles smiled. "I thought it was time for the ultimate romantic night with the most beautiful woman in the world. I wanted to sweep her off her feet with my charm and handsome good looks. How am I doing so far?"
Karen said, "Well, I'm no expert at ultimate romantic nights, but I think you're hitting all the right marks so far. That reminds me, I brought you something special. It's in my purse – can you reach it and get it out?"
Charles thought this request to be a little odd, but he complied, and when he had pulled her purse up to the table, he tried to look inside and see what was in there, but it was too dark. So he reached in with his hand, and immediately came in contact with the black lace panties she had chosen not to wear. As he realized what they were, he felt his cock begin to harden. He looked at Karen, and muttered, "Oh my, aren't you a naughty girl! Does that mean..."
Karen caught him off. "You know, the cool material of this chair was rather chilly on my naked pussy as I sat down, but it seems to have warmed up nicely now." Of course, she was blushing when she said that, but it was too dark for Charles to tell.
Their food came to the table, and it was just as delicious as it had been on their blind date. As they were eating, Karen wanted to know more about the evening that was still in front of them. "So Charles, what are the plans for the rest of the night? What can you do to top this?"
"You're just going to have to trust me, my darling. All plans are fit for a woman of your uncompromising beauty and grace."
Karen replied, "Okay, Charles – I trust you, but tell me one thing – why didn't we order wine with our meal?"
"Quite simple," Charles answered. "I don't want our faculties dimmed for what lies ahead this evening. However, I will promise you this – there will be adult beverages available before the night turns to dawn."
When they finished their dinner, Charles paid the bill, leaving a generous tip for Sam for her impeccable service. Staci the hostess had been watching for them, and as they approached the hostess station, she met them, giving each one of them a big hug, then leaning in and whispering between them, said, "It was so good to see you again. I think you make an incredibly sexy couple!"
Charles turned to her and kissed her on the cheek, which caused her to blush. He said, "Thank you, Staci – we love coming here, and you are a big reason for that." They turned one more time to wave at Staci just before the elevator doors shut.
The limo was waiting for them as they stepped outside following the elevator ride down. The driver opened the door, but this time Charles was there to help Karen in the back seat, which made her feel a little more secure. He climbed in beside her, and the driver shut the door before heading back around the front. They pulled away from the curb, with Karen laying her head on Charles' shoulder.
Suddenly a thought hit him. He had wanted to do this in the restaurant, but didn't want to make her too uncomfortable. But in the privacy of the limo, all bets were off. He took his left hand and ran it down the exposed cleavage showing in her black dress, then continued until he rested it momentarily on her knees. After a few seconds like that, he separated her legs apart just enough to get his fingers up against her naked pussy lips. He pried them open just a bit, dug his finger deep, causing Karen to gasp, then pulled them back out and up to his mouth, where he licked the juices off his finger as Karen watched.
"When I sent that text, I put the panty optional part in there just to get a rise out of you. But when I stuck my hand in your purse and found your sexy black panties in there, my cock jumped, and I was glad we were sitting behind the table. All throughout the dinner, I wanted to do what I just did to you now, but I didn't want you to be too embarrassed. But I just knew you were naked under there, and wow, was I right!"
Karen looked up at Charles and said, "Didn't you hear the part where I told you that at first the seat was cold on my pussy, but it had since warmed up? Did you think I was joking about that?"
"Well.....no...I mean yes...I mean I don't know! I was hoping, but I didn't think you'd done anything like that before."
Karen pulled Charles' face to hers and gave her a kiss. Then she said, "Charles, listen to what I've discovered about myself tonight. All my life, I don't recall anybody telling me I'm beautiful, and having me believe it. Oh sure, mom and dad would say it all the time, and even you probably said it sometimes, and I know you meant it, but it didn't become important to me until after you and Jessica had gotten together.
"It continued through high school and college. I learned quickly that most guys will tell you you're beautiful so they can get between your legs, then finding out they weren't sincere once they either got what they wanted or were rejected. Even Roger never told me I was beautiful. Our sex life consisted of him taking care of his needs, leaving me to fend for myself after he rolled off and went to sleep. I thought that was what sex was all about.
"But then you came back into my life, and immediately my thoughts about myself began to change, because I could see in you that you thought I was beautiful. That first night we made love in my apartment, I was on a high for so many reasons, but one of those is because I could tell you were attracted to me as a woman, and not just a pathetic, down on her luck sister.
"I finally realized it tonight, walking to our table, noticing that as I walked, everyone was staring at me. I was feeling nervous because I felt something must have been wrong with my dress. But that wasn't it – they were watching me because I was beautiful. I know it sounds vain, and you know I'm not a vain person, but it was an unbelievable feeling! When you told me I was the prettiest woman in the place, I felt a tingling sensation race through my body. I don't know what it was, and I don't know how to describe it, but it was incredible!
"And it's all because of you, and what you do to me. Charles, I feel more alive in the weeks we've been together than I've felt all of my entire life! You have this grip on me, and I hope you never let go."
And with that, she pulled his head down and passionately kissed him, taking the lead as her tongue reached between his lips, seeking out its counterpart. Charles slipped a hand underneath the neckline of her dress, finding a nipple in an aroused state. He wanted to spend some time giving it the attention it craved, but Karen stopped him, saying, "Charles we have to stop. My pussy is wet already, and if you keep doing that, we're not going to be able to go anywhere else, unless you don't mind seeing my juices running down my leg!"
"Actually, I'd love to see that, but you're right. We still have plenty to do." He pulled his hand from underneath her dress, and she looked down and adjusted the material so everything was covered again.
In another five minutes, they could feel the car stopping, and the driver got out and came around to open their door again. Charles got out first, then stood in front of Karen to block anyone's vision in case she exposed herself getting out of the limo. It had stopped in front of a downtown jazz club, and the sign on the marquee said that it was swing night. They stepped inside, and were immediately blasted with a live 14-piece swing band playing swing tunes from the 1940's and 50's. Karen squeezed closer to Charles as they made their way through the crowded club, finally finding a vacant table about two-thirds of the way back.
Karen looked at Charles and said, "Dancing? This is a first for us. Do you dance?"
Charles shook his head. "No, it was something that Jessica and I always talked about, but never took the time to take lessons. So you won't see me dancing on the fast swing tunes, but you can sure bet that for every slow song, your dance card is filled for the night."
Karen beamed back at Charles, and said, "I'd like that – I'd like that very much!"
Charles laughed. "I hope you're good with that, because you're not really dressed to dance any dances that require you be twirled around. I don't think we can have you flashing the club tonight!"
And that's what they did. During the fast songs, they sat close to each other, usually with Karen leaning against Charles as they held hands. When a slow song would come up, they would dance together, pressing their bodies against each other. Karen was a little worried that when she put her arms around Charles' neck her skirt might ride up too high, but he assured her she was barely decent that way, but still decent.
During one of the fast songs, a man came up to their table. He seemed pleasant enough, as he leaned in to Karen and asked, "Ma'am, if it's okay with your partner here, I'd like to dance with you. Would you do me the honor?"
Of course Karen blushed, but Charles didn't give her time to answer. Instead, he turned to the man and said, "Thanks for asking, but tonight is kind of a special night for us, so we're not sharing the dance floor with anybody."
The man dipped his head and said, "Say no more. I was afraid of that. When you are on the floor together, you look magnificent. Please continue enjoying your evening." And with that, he stepped away and into the crowd.
Karen looked at Charles with a surprised look on her face. "I can't believe he asked me to dance! I don't know what to think! How did that make you feel?"
"It made me feel great, because he confirmed what I already knew – that you are the most beautiful girl in the room. Why would he not want to dance with you? Why would any man in this room not want to dance with you?" Pointing to the two gentlemen sitting together at table on the other side of the dance floor, Charles laughed and said, "Even the gay guys over there would probably dance with you!"
With that, Karen laughed out loud. She was in a state of complete bliss, enjoying a romantic evening out with the man she dearly loved. She tried to imagine how this evening could be more perfect. Little did she know she was about to see just how that could happen.
They danced one more slow dance. After that, Charles told Karen it was time to leave. He paid their bar tab, and they headed out the door, but not before he stopped and looked at a poster next to the exit. It was advertising dance lessons, and had the little tabs below with a phone number printed on them that you could pull off and take with you. Charles smiled and took one of the tabs and put it in his pocket. He thought maybe they had found another activity they could share together for a long time to come.
The late fall evening chill had developed, and Charles offered Karen his jacket, which she accepted. She noticed the limo was not there to pick them up and mentioned it to Charles. He looked at her and said, "Our next destination is only a couple of blocks straight ahead of us. I thought we'd be able to make it that far walking together, if that's okay with you."
"Of course it is, Charles. You know I'd go anywhere with you and do anything with you."
After about 10 minutes, they arrived at the front doors of the most expensive hotel in the city. Charles bypassed the registration desk and went straight to the elevators, but instead of pushing a button for a particular floor destination, he took the door key card he had put in his pocket sometime earlier and inserted in into a slot on the elevator panel. Immediately the elevator started moving. Finally after a long ride up, the doors opened, and they stepped immediately out into the most plush hotel room either of them had ever seen.
Karen gasped as she looked over the accoutrements of the room. There was a plush couch, a fully stocked bar, an in-room Jacuzzi built just for two, to name a few. But the most stunning feature of the room was that the far wall was wall-to-wall glass, giving them an unparalleled view of the city below.
"Charles, what is this room?"
"My dearest Karen, you are standing in the honeymoon suite. Funny thing – most weddings are on Saturday, so there wasn't a Saturday night available for over a year. But the reservation clerk told me that it's rarely used on other nights, so it was available for us. Do you like it?"
"Oh my god, Charles, it's incredible! But even if those windows opened out to a brick wall, it would still be incredible, because I'm here with you."
Charles grabbed her hands and pulled her closer to the window. They stopped, and he reached for a little wrapped package that had been placed earlier on a table behind them. As he handed the package to Karen, he said, "I'd like you to open this – this is for you."
"Charles – what did I do to deserve this?"
"You'll see soon enough," he replied." Just open it for me."
Karen took her time, first looking at the package to see if it offered any clues. She shook it lightly, but heard or felt nothing. Finally she started working on the wrapping paper, daintily un-taping it so as to not tear the paper. Once the paper was removed, she saw that it was a jewelry box, from a very high-end jeweler in the city. She looked up at Charles with a look of surprise on her face, then back down to the box as she opened it slowly.
Inside, she saw two rings, identical to each other except for the size, as one was bigger than the other. Karen pulled the rings from the box and held them up. She looked up at him and said, "Charles, they're beautiful, but what are they for?"
Charles took the rings from Karen and replied, "These are black tungsten rings, trimmed in silver stainless steel. They are identical to each other, down to the inscription on the inside, which you can't see now because it's too dark in here. The inscriptions have our initials, and this date.
"Now I know we can't get married legally because we are brother and sister. And even if we could, we probably don't want that fact floating out there. But as I have found in the last few weeks with you, true love doesn't require a certificate from the state to allow it to happen.
"But I do want some way to let the world know that you are mine, and I am yours. We both have agreed that I will continue to wear the ring Jessica gave me, and I can't tell you how much I love you for that, but I'm trying. Since our relationship is unconventional, I figured unconventional rings – the fact that they are black – and worn together on our right hands, is a perfect symbolism for our unconventional love for each other.
"The most important thing is that the unbroken nature of these rings signals an unbroken love I have for you, and I think you have for me. Wearing these rings will always serve as a reminder of that unbroken love."
By this time, Karen was crying – tears streaming down both cheeks, but she made no effort to wipe them away. Charles took Karen's right hand into his, and as he slid her ring on her finger, asked her, "Will you wear this ring, as a symbol of my unbroken love for you?"
Karen nodded and squeaked out, "Yes – oh god, yes!"
Charles handed her his ring and said, "Now it's your turn to ask me."
She took his ring, and with shaky hands, placed it on his finger, as she asked, "Will you wear this ring, as a symbol of my unbroken love for you?"
She looked at Charles, and noticed the tear trickling down on one of his cheeks, as he looked at her and said, "Yes, forever and ever."
They fell into each other's arms, with Karen sobbing into his shoulder, and Charles crying into hers. They began a slow, gentle rocking motion back and forth as they hugged, as if they were channeling some type of eternal love music, playing collectively through their hearts and souls.
After what seemed like hours, but probably wasn't, they finally separated from their hug. Karen looked at her ring, then back up to Charles and said, "It's perfect, Charles, it's perfect. I can't believe you did this for me."
"I did it for us. Karen, many people go through life never finding that one absolute true soul mate. I'm one of the rare ones who have gotten to do it twice. You made that happen – you saved my life, in more ways than one."
Karen began to tear up again. "You saved my, Charles. I'm sure this was meant to be. There are just too many factors that could have kept this from happening, but all of those factors lined up to make this the most remarkable love ever."
She couldn't help but stare at his ring on her finger, noticing especially how perfectly it fit. "Charles, how did you know what size to get? How do you know me so well that you even know the size of my finger? Even I don't know the size of my finger!"
He smiled as he laid out his confession. "Well, that part, I admit, I didn't know. But I remembered the ring you were wearing the night of our blind date. Earlier this week, I went into your bedroom and found that ring in your jewelry box, so I might have borrowed it for a day or two to take it to the jewelers so we could find out your finger size. I was hoping you wouldn't find it missing before I could get it put back. I'm guessing that you didn't."
They hugged again. Karen looked over at the huge bed on the other side of the room, and then looked back at Charles. "Look – there's that huge bed over there that is just dying for us to come and use it. Why don't you take me over there, where we can slowly take each other's clothes off, get in bed naked, and make love? Charles, no fucking tonight – tonight is all about making love, slow and passionate love. Can you handle that?"
"Yes, my lady – the thought of doing just that has me standing at full mast already!
They walked over to the bed, and Charles began removing Karen's clothing first, which was pretty simple, considering she wasn't wearing anything under the black dress. It did take a little bit of time getting her heels off, but as she was holding her feet up to him, he looked between her legs and saw little glistens of moisture reflecting in the dim light the city below was providing them. Charles could tell his sister was ready.
Next it was her turn to take his clothes off. It took her a little longer than it took him. She started from the floor up, with shoes, then socks, then pants, and so on until he stood naked before her.
She climbed in bed first, on her back, centering herself. They she bent her finger to call him to her, and he joined. True to her wishes, Charles lined his cock up with her pussy, and gently pushed it in. Then with their eyes locked on each other, they began making love. It was slow and passionate. Charles would thrust for a while, then slow down as Karen would lift her hips from below.
After a while, she tapped him on his hip, and without saying a word to each other, they changed places, with Charles now on his back, and Karen riding his cock. It was from this position that Karen broke the silence.
"Charles, don't stop making love to me while I tell you this. I want to give you something, something that I've never given to anyone else, but I'm afraid to ask, because I don't want this to sound corny. This is important to me."
"What is it, Karen?"
She paused for a moment, and then continued. "I had guys ask me in the past, but I always said no. If I ever did it, I wanted it to be special, with somebody who loved me, and was concerned about making it a good experience for me, who would take their time to make it a fantastic experience for both of us. You are that person, Charles. I love you with all my heart and with all my soul, and I know that by giving this to you, you'll be gentle and loving."
"Karen, are you asking me what I think you are asking?"
"Charles, I'm offering you to take my last virginity. I'm offering you something I've never offered to anyone before. I'm offering you my ass."
Charles had never done this before either. It wasn't something that Jessica had ever wanted to try, and he certainly didn't want to force her. He looked at Karen and said, "How do you want to do this?"
Karen climbed off of Charles and traded places once again, lying on her back. She grabbed one of the pillows and placed it beneath her ass cheeks, giving Charles a better angle for penetration. She instructed him to go to her overnight bag, where he'd find a bottle of lube she had purchased for just this purpose. Obviously she had planned this in advance, which turned Charles on even more that he was before she suggested it.
"Okay, Charles – let's start slow. Use your fingers first. Let me get used to that before we try the real thing. As wet as my pussy is, I think you could probably start by putting your fingers in there, and using those juices to work on my ass."
Charles did just that, inserting one finger into her pussy to start. Just that alone caused her to gasp, and she absent-mindedly starting rubbing and tweaking her nipples. Charles got a second finger into her soaking wet pussy. He used those fingers to begin spreading her juices around her puckered hole below.
"Okay, Karen, I'm going to start slowly with one finger." He inserted the tip of his index finger inside the tight opening, where he met its first resistance. He looked at Karen to see she didn't seem to be too uncomfortable yet, so he applied a little more pressure, and got it in just a bit farther. That progress caused her to jump a little bit, before she settled down and relaxed, which she knew she had to do to make this work.
Charles continued this process until his first finger was buried all the way into her ass. He gently began to slide it in and out, until he could tell it was comfortable for her. After about five minutes of single finger play, he repeated the process with a second finger, taking his time with the second finger while his first finger stayed firmly implanted.
Eventually it was time for more. Charles opened the bottle of lube and squeezed some into his palm. He first used it to lube up his cock, paying special attention to the underside, where he knew more pressure would be applied to her sphincter. Next he used more lube and applied it to her ass all around the brown hole. He inserted his two fingers back in again, gently sliding in and out, until he was sure her interior was as lubed as her exterior.
Finally he was ready. He looked at Karen and said, "Please let me know if I'm going too fast. I don't want hurt you."
Karen looked lovingly back up at him, and replied, "I trust you, Charles. I'm giving myself over to you completely, and I trust you."
He took the end of his cock and lined it up with her ass. Slowly he applied pressure, but the slickness of the lube was making it hard to keep in line with her hole. Finally he brought his second hand down and gently spread her cheeks apart, then tried again. This time it found the mark, and he pushed in gently. Karen jumped as she felt her sphincter being stretched, but there was no pain yet, and she told Charles to continue.
Charles pushed in a little more, which caused her to jump again and call out, "Okay, hold it for a little bit." Charles held still, and even though he was only in a little way, the feeling for him was tremendous. It was tighter than anything he had experienced before, and he was already anticipating being sunk all the way in. Yet his first priority remained Karen's comfort, so he waited for her instructions.
After a bit, she looked at him and nodded for him to continue. He pushed in a little more so that he was about halfway in now. He could tell she was struggling to keep from crying out, so he backed out completely to put more lube on his cock. Soon he was back in again, and with more lube, it was easier for Karen to cope with the pressure she was feeling.
He began to move in and out, never inserting more than half way. As he did this, she opened her eyes and he could see that he was really beginning to adjust to the feeling. She called out, "deeper, Charles," and waited for what she was sure would be even greater pain. But for some reason, the pain didn't come. Instead, the only thing she felt was extreme fullness, which she was starting to enjoy.
She was ready to try and take his cock all the way. "Go easy, Charles, but let me have it all." He pushed in a little harder now, and it wasn't too long before his balls were resting against her ass cheeks below her hole. He paused to experience total penetration, while checking on her comfort. "Are you doing ok, Karen?"
"Yes, Charles – the pain is gone, but I just feel so stuffed. How about you?"
"There's no way to describe it. It is so fucking hot and tight, almost like it's squeezing me as I slide it in and out. Guess what? I'm all the way in your ass – your ass is mine now!"
"It's always been yours, but you have claimed it. Now, I want you to fuck it for me, and cum deep inside for me."
Charles plunged back in again, and began to pick up the pace of his thrusts. The increased speed fired up her nerve endings deep inside her bowels, causing her to moan. She in turn reached down with her right hand and started manipulating her clit, which was fully engorged and standing tall above its hood. The moisture was nearly spraying out of her pussy as she frantically began to rapidly stroke her swollen labia.
They both ramped up their moans and groans at the same time. He know she had told him she had just wanted to make love after they had given each other their rings, but he knew that wasn't what they were doing now. He wanted to hear her say it, however, so he leaned down, and between grunts, he said, "Tell me what you want me to do, sister – tell me what you want me to do."
"You know what I want, big brother!"
"Tell me, Karen – tell me!"
Between groans and shrieks, she did. "I want you to fuck me in the ass – I want you to cum as deep inside me as possible!"
That was it – that's what Charles had wanted to hear. He increased his thrust in both speed and depth. Karen increased the intensity pressure on her pussy as well. Soon she was nearly screaming as she called out, "I'm cumming – I'M CUMMING!!!!! Charles was right behind, and as he hit his release, he cried out, "OH FUCK, KAREN – I LOVE YOU!!!" He shot stream after stream deep inside, as he felt her anus grab hold of his cock, increasing the pleasure of his orgasm.
He pulled out more quickly than he normally did when they were calming down after sex. He thought maybe it would be less stress on her if he didn't stay in there ttoo long. She rolled over on her side, and he slipped in behind her, pulling her close as they spooned against each other. He reached over and began to massage her left breast. As he stroked her and teased her nipple, she called out to him.
"Charles, I don't know about you, but I think we may have to try that again sometime. That was pretty fucking incredible!"
"I think I could be talked into that," he replied.
She held up her right hand and showed him her new right. "I love you, Charles – forever and ever!"
He slid his right hand under her pillow and placed it in hers. "I love you too, Karen – forever and ever."
In the closeness of the moment, they drifted off to sleep.
*****
Charles was dreaming – it was a dream with no sound, and it appeared that everything was slightly out of focus, but he knew he was standing outside in a grassy meadow on a bright sunny day, watching as little puffy white clouds floated by in the sky. It was a feeling of extreme peace, quiet and serene.
He looked over to his left and saw Karen with him. They were wearing the clothes they wore last night on their special evening. Karen looked sexy as ever. Even though things were blurry, he could tell she was smiling at him as she moved over closer and took her right hand in his. He could see the rings they had given each other, shining in the sunlight.
He looked at the meadow in front of him, and saw that another figure was walking up the hill toward them. She had on a long flowing white dress with a train that fluttered in the breeze behind her. As she got closer, Charles could make out the face. It was Jessica! He was excited to see her, but then he realized he was holding Karen's hand. Would Jessica be upset? Would she turn and run away?
She did the opposite. She came over to Karen and even though there was no sound, he read her lips as she said to Karen, "I love you," and kissed her on the cheek. Karen said, "I love you, Jessica." Then Jessica came over to Charles. He watched her lips as she told him, "Love her, Charles, like you have always loved me." Then she kissed him on the lips, and they held the kiss for a few seconds. As she pulled back away, he saw her tell him, "I love you, Charles – forever and ever." Then she turned and walked back down the hill from where she had come.
Charles awoke with a start. It had been weeks since he'd had a dream with Jessica in it. Now, he was amazed at how easily he remembered each and every detail. He wished he would have been able to hear Jessica talk to him in the dream. He longed to hear her voice again. But he knew what she had told him – "Love her, Charles, like you always loved me." It was as if he had been given the responsibility to take care of Karen like he always tried to take care of Jessica.
He began to cry. He cried at the memory of his beloved Jessica. He would always love her, he would never forget her. Karen would see to that. But even now, nearly two and a half years later, there was still pain. He figured the pain would always be there, because the love would always be there as well.
Then he turned around and saw Karen, still lying in the bed on her right side. Did he love her as much as he loved Jessica? Yes, he thought to himself. Did he have room enough in his heart for both women? Yes he did. The tears of sadness became tears of joy. He crawled back into bed beside Karen, scooting as close as he could to her, and kissing her on the ear, whispered, "I love you, Karen, forever and ever." He closed his eyes, and slowly drifted off into happily ever after land...