"Morning my beautiful Daughter."
Monica stepped into the kitchen on this lovely Monday morning. She was shocked to see her Father "Aaron Gift" home. Wearing only pajama pants at that. Normally he was off to work before the birds sang.
"Hey Daddy. Why are you still here?"
"I needed a day off. Your Mother's gone already. She refused to take a day off with me."
"So unlike you. I think the last day you had off was Christmas."
"New Years. But who's counting. You look nice."
It dawns on her what she was wearing. She had massive cleavage going on over a powder blue top. No bra left her nipples wide awake this early in the morning. Vibrantly! Her white skirt was tight and probably just short enough to break a dress code. Radically.
"Thank you, Daddy." She blushes moving around him to open the fridge for a bottled water. As she bent over her Father eyed her backside before realizing his stupidity. Shamed he grits his teeth and turns away to look out a window in their back yard.
"Why is the hammock so far over?" He asks.
Her eyes bulge as she opens her bottle to take a sip. If he only knew what she had done on that hammock just two days ago.
"Did you move it when you mowed last?"
He rubs the back of his neck, "Maybe. Hell I don't know. Your school let you dress like that?"
"Like what?"
"Skirts pretty short."
"Oh. I thought you meant my shirt being low cut." She nervously chuckles.
"That too." He swivels to face her with a frown.
"Nobody has ever said a word. Should I go change?" She was protectively improvising.
"Naaa! You look great. Just being a Dad."
"Best Daddy ever." She blows him a kiss.
"Awww! Give your old man a hug." He holds his arms out.
Smiling warmly Monica eases in to her Father's awaiting arms and hugs him tightly. He returned the favor with an even snugger grip.
"I love you Sweetheart." He maintained the hug.
Strangely he realized that her nipples were cutting into his abs and opted to savor the taboo of sensations.
She too realized her nipples were too attentive. They were extremely sensitive to make matters worse. Eyes bulging at the sensations she even felt his erection pushing out toward her belly. Her thoughts in panic mode she pats his back.
"I need to get to school. I love you too Daddy."
Peeling away he resorts to holding on to her shoulders to look down at her.
"You're looking more and more like your Mother every day."
"Awww! Don't tell Mom but I'm cuter." She giggles.
"That you are." He can't resist looking at her nipples, "Oh, by the way. The other night you were making an awful lot of noises. Everything okay?"
She knew he meant the night Ryan stayed in her room and fucked her.
"Don't make me give you the gory details." She blushes.
He hesitates, "We were all young once. Your Mom and I just had a good laugh."
Her eyes danced and panicked at the same time. Finally, she lowers her gaze to his tented out pajamas. Pointing down at it she frowns.
"Still young I think. I need to get to school Daddy. You take care of that."
Aaron fidgets, "Noticed that did you?"
"Hard not too Daddy." She shyly grins.
"Sorry." He felt awkward.
"Don't be. Our secret."
"Hell. Your Mom see's me with wood all the time."
"It's not like I've never noticed Daddy. Just like I know you look at me. Like I said, "Our secret"."
"I bet the boys go crazy when you dress like that."
"Of course. That's what I want." She jiggles accidentally then catches herself.
"Just don't make me a Grampa yet. Wait until your thirty's."
"Birth control. No worries."
"Whew! Yeah, I forgot your Mom got you on that."
"I love that we can talk about anything Daddy."
"Me too. We need to talk more often."
"You're the one that never stays home. I feel like I see you guys once a month."
"Business with pleasure. Comes with the jobs. How else could we afford to buy you nice clothes."
"Speaking of. I need a new wardrobe. I'm growing up too fast." She points at her chest devilishly.
"Must need new bras. I don't see any under that top."
"I don't wear them often. I like my freedom."
"I can see that. So what is it you need then?" He didn't want her to leave yet.
"Sexy clothes. All kinds of naughty." She bats her eyes then chuckles, "Just clothes. I'm joking."
"Uh huh! Hey, whatever you want. You could always skip school today and go shopping."
Monica stops cold in her retreat toward the back door. She twists in step thinking. She did need new clothes but what she wanted was more than her Dad's heart could handle she mused.
"You seriously want me to skip school? Like I said earlier...BEST DAD EVER!"
They laugh together, "Up to you Sweetheart. I'm feeling generous."
She frowns eying his still functioning woody, "Only if you go take care of that before we leave. Our secret."
He reacts by pinching the front of his pajama bottoms, tugging them out in front to examine his erection.
She in turn holds a hand over her eyes trying not to laugh, "I didn't need to witness that."
"I thought we could talk about anything." He smirks.
"Seriously? That's not talking Daddy."
"No. But, it does give us something to talk about later."
"How about this? I'll go to school until lunch time. You can pick me up in front of the school and I'll skip the remainder of the day. You can take me shopping, I'll even let you pick an outfit."
"Fair enough. I'll go rub one off and shower up. See you at what? 11:30?"
"Noon. Love you Daddy. Don't go blind."
Laughing she rushes out the door and hurries to meet up with Ryan behind his garage. The boy was waiting in his car and halted his text to her now that she appeared.
"I was beginning to wonder." Ryan raised a brow as Monica opened the car door and climbed in.
"My Dad stayed home today. Extremely awkward morning. He questioned my clothing. Among other things."
"Ouch! Well you must have won the battle. Still dressed sexy."
"He's a pervert. I think he knows I'm wilder than I appear most days."
"Wonder how he would react if he knew the new you?"
She shrugs, "I'm not really worried about Dad. It's Mom that would beat me to death. My dad likes looking me over. Sadly."
"Crazy. Should I dare you before we leave?" Ryan huffs fighting laughter.
"You can. But, you might never see me again." She rolls her eyes.
"We have about ten minutes to kill."
Monica eyes him with a hesitant smirk, "Oh, Ryan. Why do you want me to risk things at home? You know they heard us the other night. Well, me at least. Daddy made the comment but didn't dig too deep into it."
"Easy enough. Just say you used a vibrator."
"That was my plan if he'd asked more about it. I didn't want to get into too much. He was sporting wood as it was."
"Wow! I never knew your Dad was like that."
"I'm Daddy's girl. He would probably defend me no matter what I did. By the way. I'm leaving school early. He's taking me shopping for clothes."
"Really. There's a Dare in there somewhere."
"Oh, I'm sure there is. What's your dare?" She shakes her head.
"First DARE. Go back inside and tease your Dad into jerking off in front of you."
Her jaw drops, "Ryan? He's my Dad."
"So, you're chicken?"
"You know that's not the case."
"I leave in ten minutes. Hurry up."
Groaning she leaves her bag but returns to her house. Entering the back door quietly she creeps through the house toward his bedroom. There was grumbling in the air, just not from his bedroom. Her eyes bulged. The grunting was coming from her bedroom.
"Oh hell." She contemplates easing toward her room to peak around the corner of her threshold.
There stood Aaron holding a pair of Monica's underwear up to his nose as he fist pumped his seven inch erection. She paused to watch stunned by the sight. Finally, she knew she had little time to waste. She boldly enters her room behind him and goes to her dresser. She picks up a tube of lip gloss and sighs loudly.
"I forgot my lip gloss."
Aaron turns shocked by her unexpected return. He swiftly hides her panties behind his back. There was zero excuses for him being in her room with his pajamas down to his calves.
"Awkward, huh." He huffs trying to remain calm.
"Only for you. You can finish what you started, Daddy. I'm not offended. Just remember when I do something bad you don't get mad at me." She chuckles.
"I'll keep that in mind." He lightly strokes himself in front of her.
Monica uses her hand to usher him onward. She was in a hurry.
"Finish up. My rides waiting."
"Uhhhh! You sure?"
"Jerk it Daddy."
His mind raced as fast as his hand did. Three minutes later he squirts a stream of cum toward Monica. She jumps at its approach and points at him evilly, "Clean my room Mister."
He nearly falls over from the intensity.
Finally, she blows him a kiss and darts away, "See you at Noon, Daddy."
Aaron Gift was speechless, breathless, and paranoid.
Being busted was easier than he ever imagined.
Returning to Ryan's car Monica hops in laughing.
"Well?" Ryan was eager to hear.
"Caught him in my room, sniffing my panties. Let him jack off in front of me. Made him promise never to get mad when I do something bad."
"That just came in handy."
"I think so." She felt powerful suddenly.
Backing his car out to drive Ryan looks around, "Second Dare!"
"I'm listening."
"When you go shopping. Fashion show. Take him into your changing room while you change."
"I can do that. Can I request something?"
He turns on the street from his alley, "Sure."
"Please don't dare me to fuck my Father. That's a bit much."
"What happened to I'll do ANYTHING?"
"Did I say that?"
"Pretty much. Maybe not in so many words but you do want pushed more and more."
"I don't mind minor things like him doing what he did, or him seeing me naked. But sex is another story. That would destroy my family."
"Let's see how your trip goes. Buy some revealing clothes."
"That's my idea. Sexier the better."
"I'm not promising I won't dare you to do more with your Dad."
"UGH! I hate you Ryan Quinones."
"No you don't." He chuckles.
Frowning she hisses, "No I don't."
He knew he had her around his finger.
Noon came along quickly.
Aaron pulled the family SUV out front of the schools circle drive. He waited for seven minutes until Monica sprinted toward him, her breasts bouncing madly. She hadn't even realized her disadvantage of having no bra.
Opening the passenger door she slides in, her skirt casually riding high as she sat.
"Hi Daddy. Feeling better?"
He sighs shaking his head, "I really shouldn't have done that. I feel horrible."
"Don't feel bad. I'm fine. I love you Daddy. What you did was needed. I swear Mom will never know unless you tell her. I'm not naïve Daddy. I see you checking me out all the time."
"Yeah? Still makes me a bad Dad."
She reaches her hand over and pats his right leg, "Stop it! Now lets go use those credit cards."
He lowers his sunglasses and smirks, "Buying your silence."
She laughs at him, "Why didn't I think of that?"
Their banter over the next twenty plus miles made them both feel at ease. Reaching a large shopping mall they parked facing outward for an easier exit,and headed in. Arm in arm.
"This is so nice. It's been ages since we spent quality time together." He realizes.
"Daddy? Can I tell you something?"
"Of course you can."
"I want to buy clothing that shows off lots of skin. There's a few boys I'm trying to get the attention of." She giggled in thought knowing she essentially meant every guy out there.
"Oh yeah? Like how much skin?"
"More than I'm showing off with what I'm wearing now." She winces expecting a scrutinizing glare.
"That cleavage is ready to fall out as it is." He looks down her shirt.
"I want more spaghetti strap blouses with cleavage like this, slightly lower cut. Skirts shorter than this one. String bikini maybe."
"Might as well go naked." He frowns.
"Would if I could." She hugs his arm snickering.
"Wow! What happened to my innocent daughter?"
She bats her eyes up at him, "I grew up."
"You realize this kind of talk isn't helping me keep Junior down." He looks away gritting his teeth.
"Junior? Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! Junior." She laughs hysterically.
"Yeah! Him."
"Don't be ashamed of that Daddy. Like I said I'm fine with it. If you ever feel the need to jerk off in front of me again I won't turn away. Just understand me for what I'm becoming."
He creases a brow, "What exactly are you becoming? I know it's not a lesbian because you said boys."
"Hahaha! No, not a lesbian. I love boys way too much. I guess you could say I love teasing."
He nods reluctantly, "You're good at that."
"Awww! Thanks Daddy. I think so too."
"Dare I ask how far you've gone teasing?"
She bites her lower lip looking directly up into his eyes, "Here's where you can't get mad at me. Okay?"
He grits his teeth fearing her reply, "Just don't get pregnant. Okay?"
"I won't." She shyly blushes.
"Finish what you were going to say." He sighs opening the Mall door for her.
Entering she reclaims his arm hugging it, "Let's just say I like being seen naked."
"By whom?"
"By pretty much everybody."
"You're going to get arrested someday."
"I'll call you first. For bail." She giggles.
"Maybe we should turn around and go home. I might need the money for that bail here soon."
She tugs his retreat laughing, "Nooooooooooooo!"
He gives in quickly and yanks her into a hug rubbing her back, "Blood of my blood. I've always got your back Sweetheart."
"Thank you Daddy." She smiles as her eyes flare up, "Heeee's back."
"Who?"
"Junior." She chuckles.
"Awww hell." He changes the subject, "Pick a store. Let's get this over with."
She leads him deeper into the interior and locates a store that sold swimwear. Pilfering about racks she discovers a lime green micro style bikini. Illegal to wear. Not legal to sell.
"This would look good on me don't you think?"
She lifts it up for his approval, "Three eye patches held together by dental floss? Only $60.00."
"You can sniff it after I wear it." She teases.
He rolls his eyes, "Dear God! What have I done?"
She finds another bikini similar style only white, "How about this one?"
"See through when wet." He predicts.
"Yay!"
"Yeah, yay!" He groans, "I'm still grasping these changes. Give me time to digest this."
She giggles and stands on tip toe to kiss him on the cheek. He bought both bikini's.
Leaving that store she discovers "Vicky's Secret". Within she bought multiple thongs and bras that were albeit sheer in material. She even found a burgundy colored teddy with corset strings up the front. All purchased.
Store after store she managed at least one article of clothing. Finally, her nerve grew strong enough to guide her Father into a changing room. He was embarrassed beyond measure but let her lead him inside a door. Luckily there was no attendant present.
Within she handed him her trial outfits and stripped her shirt off before his eyes. Her tits full and strikingly well poised for a 34DDD. Zero sag. His eyes couldn't stop staring at them.
She lifts them up and shakes them about with an evil grin. Then she dropped her skirt and stood only in her thin powder blue thong. With a confident sigh she chooses an outfit and tries it on. This was a tight red dress with strings up the sides revealing her flesh all the way up both hips and under her arms. The front cleavage cupped her breasts higher until they bulged as if lifted.
"How do I look Daddy?"
He shakes his head, "Christ almighty."
"Panties ruin the look don't they?" She lifts her dress and removes her panties, tugging the dress back into place. Eying him for approval she swings her thong around playfully.
"When do you plan on wearing something like that?"
"I'm not sure yet. Dancing maybe. Of course I'm not old enough to get into most bars. Besides I don't really drink."
"Just don't become a stripper. My heart couldn't take it if I took a client to a club nearby to find you lap dancing over some stranger." He grunts quietly.
"Might help you close a deal if I did." She giggles and strips out of the dress to now stand full frontally nude in front of him.
"Unbelievable!" He hisses eying her gently evident pubes.
After three more changes he nursed a raging hard on that couldn't be hidden anymore. She finally put her original clothes back on minus the thong which she tucked down the front of her shirt and took the outfits off his hands. Her eyes drifted down to Junior.
"Do you need to jerk off again before we leave?" Her brow raises inquisitively.
"Maybe. Not in here though."
"A few more stores?"
"Slow down. You've probably spent $400.00 since we walked in."
"Fine. I'll settle."
She hears her cell ring from her tiny clutch purse dangling over her Father's arm. Removing it she reads a text from Ryan.
"How's it going?"
Before she types back she looks out the changing room door to be certain of safety and motions Aaron to follow behind her. Once back into the store she takes time to type back.
"Going great. Daddy is buying me everything."
Returning with, "Changing room with you?"
She smiles at Aaron who was becoming concerned, "Yes. He's seen me naked. I'm such a slut. He's had a hard on all day."
"You knew that's where you were headed. Ready for a Dare?"
"Hit me." She grimaced.
"I DARE you too jerk him off before you head home."
"That's easy enough. Already planned on that." She chuckled to herself.
"Crazy. Okay, I DARE you to suck his dick then."
Her eyes flare up at the thought. Too personal in her mind. Yet, she hated telling Ryan no.
"I'll try. He might not allow either one."
"Have fun. Let me know." Ryan ends with a grinning smiley face.
Her Dad shakes his head, "One of those boys?"
"Yep. I'm ready if you are. You look worn out. Well, except for Junior there." She points with her pinky snickering.
"Yeah. I feel like I took three Viagra. He just won't go down. I'm sure the drive home will keep my mind off things."
"Sowwy Daddy." She pouts at him.
"I'll live."
Paying for the clothing they carry the burden of bags back to the SUV parked in a busy lot. People coming and going from every angle.
Once everything is loaded they get into the SUV and settle in before starting. Keys in the ignition Aaron starts to buckle his seat belt when Monica reaches over to touch his arm.
"Daddy? One time thing. I'll help you relieve Junior if you want me too."
He turns pale, "What?"
Her hand glides across his lap to gently rub his swollen cock beneath his jeans. His eyes lower to witness her tender caress over the length of his erection.
Eyes dart toward each other for realization. Aaron swallows hoarsely then unfastens his pants and lowers his zipper. He looks around the lot as people walk directly in front of the vehicle. He then arched upward to drag his jeans down to his upper thighs.
His boxers followed with ease.
"Look how purple he is." She sighs as her hand teases his foreskin.
"You sure about this Sweetheart?"
"Shush, Daddy. One time thing. Between us only. Deal?"
"Deal." He nodded as her fingers wrapped around his girth and began jerking it slowly.
Shyly she exhales, "Put your seat back. Give me room to work."
He uses the automatic controls to slide the seat backwards then reclines.
"Am I doing okay Daddy?"
"Faster."
She increases her friction and scoots closer to him. His cock was dry and becoming difficult to enjoy. Deciding to spit on his cock she hovered her lips over his crown to lubricate it. The sight made Aaron growl and utter, "That's my girl."
She exhales over his crown and tilts it toward his belly to eye his rounded scrotum.
"Look how full he is. You fill up quick." She giggles.
"Sexy does that to a guy."
"Fast enough?" She asks still jerking him off.
"Good enough."
"No. If you want better tell me."
"Christ Monica. This is so insane."
She grins sheepishly at him then lowers her lips down to kiss his balls. This led to sucking on them. He let her but griped under his breath the entire time.
Ignoring him she licked all the way from his lower balls , over his foreskin and took the risk of swallowing his cock. He tightened up as a woman returned from the mall that had parked next to him. She was beautiful.
Monica felt mischievous and lowered his drivers door window unexpectedly.
The woman glanced over as she opened her car door at the hissing of the window. Her eyes flared at the sight. She then noticed Monica wave at her with her mouth moving up and down. They hadn't made eye contact though.
Aaron had to look, his curiosity couldn't help it.
The young blond grinned from ear to ear as Monica fed.
"My aren't you two bold." She raised her brows.
Aaron huffed, "Sorry about this."
She frowned, "Seriously? Don't let me stop you. Have fun."
Her voice made Monica stop cold and look up at the blond and bounce with excitement, "I know that voice. LISA!"
"Hey! Pizza girl. How have you been?"
Aaron sneers between the girls then points, "You know each other?"
Monica smirks, "Yes we do. We met a few weeks ago. I delivered pizza with some friends."
Lisa folds her arms and leans into the door window to shake Aaron's hand.
"Hi. Lisa Porter."
He hesitantly shakes her hand feeling his erection waver, "Aaron Gift. I'd say it's a pleasure but that's fading fast."
Monica returns to stroking her Father, "Don't you dare go limp. Lisa? Interested in helping me?"
Lisa grins then pats Aaron on the stomach, "Sure thing. Hey there Teddy Bear."
His eyes bulge at her touch. Now he had two young women teasing him.
He smiles at her then feels the nerves subside leading him toward courage. The blond could easily be a model.
"My, my, my!" Lisa's eyes twinkle at Monica's hands back in action, "That's just plain impressive Pizza Girl."
"It's Monica. I guess you don't have to call me Beautiful anymore." Her hand twists his crown to create a shiver.
Lisa eyes Aaron's reaction, "Lucky you, Aaron." Her extended palm rubs the hairy chest and glides back and forth down his abdomen, stopping just short of his cock.
"I guess so." He quivers looking directly into Lisa's glistening eyes. Luckily she had lifted her shades into her hair. She had stunning crystal blue eyes.
Monica decides to lower back over him and suck his dick. She found her position awkward and uncontrollably growls at her predicament. Finally she surveys the arrangement and pats her Dad on the arm before carefully crawling between the seats and stretching out over his chest, her legs off to his right shoulder. She then began sucking his dick again from a better angle. She could now rub his balls too with easier access.
Lisa sighs, "I think this young lady aims to please."
Aaron was losing his concentration until he realized Monica's skirt had ridden high during her transition. Her entire ass was in perfect view, her clam shaped pussy glossy and brilliant. With a bit of hesitation his hand rises to rub her ass cheeks. All his thoughts could muster was, "Soft as hell."
Monica felt his hands caress and whimpered. He was zeroing in on her pussy from behind. His thumb grazing her clit caused her to whine and tense up.
Releasing her mouth from his cock she tilts her head back, "Shit!"
Before she could react further Aaron used every bit of strength he had to drag her lower half over his body. Her pussy square over his lapping tongue. Lisa thought to herself that they looked like a big ole spider. Eight legs including arms.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Monica strained.
This had escalated further than she ever predicted. With a haunted look toward Lisa she expresses her sudden desire to cum. Wheezing Monica's head turned from side to side then gave in. With a dramatic fever Monica swallowed his cock again, this time she wouldn't stop until Aaron nutted in her mouth.
Aaron's hands pried Monica's cheeks wide while gripping them tightly. His tongue digging deep up inside her sweet pussy. His nasal exhales stimulating her anal cavity.
Lisa merely watched and eyed the foot traffic around the vehicle. Most people were oblivious. She waved in a friendly manner at those who opted to look closer.
What she couldn't mask was their moans. Both of them were nearing a breaking point.
Pulses quickened. Bodies shook.
Then came her flood over her Father's face.
He followed up with a massive load over her own features as she lifted away just before and jerked him off until he shot white hot cum all across her face.
Exhausted the two carefully eased away and began laughing.
"Fuck that was awesome. Thank you Daddy." Monica stammered without thinking, twisting to let him see her face smothered in his leftovers.
Lisa stood frozen at her words. Eye brows peak as she awaits more info.
"Never in a million years would I have thought this would happen." Aaron wipes her eyes on his wrist.
Monica giggles catching her breath and digs for her thong tucked into her shirt. Handing it to him he used it to wipe his face.
Once Monica resumes her seat up front Aaron uses his controls to tilt the back of his own seat forwards. He was exhausted.
"So, you heard her didn't you?" Aaron frowns.
"Who am I to judge? If my Dad was as hot as you I might be tempted too." Lisa chuckles and pats Aaron on the bicep.
"Lisa? Dad. Dad? Lisa. Me? Slut. Slut? Me." Monica carefully gathers cum off her face and licks her fingers.
Shaking her head Lisa points toward her, "You going to eat all of that?"
Laughing Monica crawls across her Father and lets Lisa lick her chin. This made Aaron shake his head.
"The surprises just keep on coming. Let's go home."
"Right. Mom might be home by now."
The words cut deep. Aaron hisses loudly, "Don't remind me."
Monica forces him to look at her, "OUR SECRET!"
Lisa zips her lip dramatically for him to see as well.
"Stop by sometime Critter." Lisa waves with a wink.
"Tell Michael I said hi."
"Will do."
Aaron merely nods as he pulls his clothing back on awkwardly. Once done the Man starts the SUV and heads for home.
Talk became sparse. She continued to reassure him things would never change. He nodded with doubt.
Reaching their home they find that his wife, her Mother not home yet.
Bags unloaded they head inside and put them in her bedroom.
Aaron showered swiftly and changed as Monica put her things away. She cleaned up as well and they met in the living room. He sat on the sofa flipping channels on the television, wearing only sweat pants. She was still wearing her white skirt but had changed her top to a tank. No bra still.
"I put your thong in the laundry." He acknowledged.
She shuffles over to him and collapses into the cushion next to him. Without warning she throws her arms around his waist and snuggles up under his armpit.
"Are you mad at me?" She whispers.
"Are you mad at me?" He kisses her forehead.
Sighing as one Aaron groans, "Never Sweetheart. That was pretty insane though."
"I didn't intend it to go that far. I couldn't bare to see you hurting because of me."
"Yeah I was in agony." He chuckled.
"I've become a slut haven't I?" She pouts.
"It's your life. Just be careful out there."
Without warning Aaron growls as his erection returns tenting his sweats. Monica noted its arrival long before he let on.
"Junior's back." She fidgets looking up at him with dancing eyes.
"He'll settle down eventually."
"Will he?" She sighs reaching her hand over to caress the bulge.
"Not like that he won't." Aaron raises his eye brows.
She pouts, "I lied to you Daddy."
With a narrowed glance he grimaces, "About what?"
Her fingers spider crawl upward then slide under his waistband to grip his cock yet again.
Aaron grits his teeth then lifts his hips to slide the sweats under his ass for a better freedom.
"Jerk me off."
Monica shakes her head and stands up. Her tank is pulled over her head, followed by her skirt to her toes. Naked she crawls into his lap. Straddling him she reaches under her thighs and guides her Father's cock into her pussy.
"I lied, Daddy. I said only one time. I was wrong."
His dick warmly inside her she gently rides up and down on him. His hands gripping her ass tightly.
"Bad girl. Is this going to become a habit?"
Eyes moist she lightly nods her affirmation, "When ever you want me Daddy."
He growls then lunges her mouth over her nipple. She tilts her neck back at his decision.
Within minutes he moved them to the carpet and fucked her on the floor. She offered soft moans and thanked him for taking her.
The session became more in tune to love making.
Shortly after cumming inside her they saw car lights pull into their front drive. A mad dash to her room Monica left her Father to confront her Mother.
Stepping to her bedroom window she spotted Ryan looking from his upstairs bedroom. A moment later he texted her.
"Everything go okay?"
She writes back, "You got your wish."
"What wish?" He returns.
"I had sex with my Dad."
A long pause as Ryan studies her reaction through windows.
"You okay?"
She smiles up at him nodding then goes to bed.
He watched her drift off to sleep.
An hour later she awoke to hear her parents fucking on the other side of the wall.
Admiration set in.
Daddy was a beast.