Ted had been living in his apartment in a new city for a few months and was just beginning to feel at home. His place was a modest size but made for a pretty nice spot for a single guy in his early thirties.
Situated on the seventh of eight floors, his unit was at the back of building with only the alley running between his and the apartment complex next door. A gap of only 15-20 feet separating the two buildings made Ted feel almost as if he was having breakfast, lunch, and dinner with his neighbor directly across the way, especially since their schedules always seemed to line up every day of the week.
His neighbor was a man who appeared to be in his mid-forties and also single, as best as Ted could tell. Not terribly pleasant to look at and never seemingly up to anything meaningful or important, Ted always appreciated the days when his neighbor would leave his blinds shut. There were the occasional instances of incidental eye contact through the windows and these events were just about the only thing that made Ted feel ill at ease in his new home.
From the time the sun went down behind the other building each day, there was a clear line of sight into both apartments via the windows. The view was crystal clear at night. From Ted's front door, across the gap of the alley, all the way to his neighbor's front door, the only areas with no visibility on either end were the bedrooms and bathrooms whose doors led out to the main hallways of both apartments.
Both apartments had kitchen and living room spaces nearest the windows where both men spent most of their time, at least when Ted wasn't out with new friends or on a date. When Ted was home, however, his unsightly neighbor was home too.
Ted wondered if he ever left the place at all.
One day Ted walked in after returning from the working out at the gym and noticed there were a few other men across the way. Not just any men, though, these were movers. Ted's lucky day had come!
He realized after seeing the burly men in matching shirts wearing gloves, and, in the case of one man, a back brace, removing his neighbor's furniture piece-by-piece that he'd no longer have to suffer the perpetual presence of the man across the alley. And no more awkward-as-hell eye contact either!
"Thank god" Ted said out loud.
Suddenly Ted started contemplating the possibilities. He had taken clear note of the extreme visibility into his neighbor's apartment right after moving in, even though he soon wished it wasn't so after first setting eyes upon the now soon-to-be former occupant. But with "The Guy," as Ted referred to him, moving out, he couldn't help but wish for better luck with the new tenant.
Suddenly all he could think about was having a slim, but well-endowed lady move in. Preferably one that didn't mind taking a slow walk from the bathroom to the bedroom without a towel after ending the night with a shower. "Shit, she could even keep the towel on after what I've had to look at over there for the past few months!" he thought.
In Ted's old apartment in Chicago, where he lived previously, he was in a high-rise surrounded by others. He had clear views, at greater distances, into other apartments and came to realize that peeping on his many neighbors was something that he really got off on. The thought of possibly having someone worth looking at in his new place set his mind running.
Still sweating lightly from his recently completed workout, he began running the possibilities through his head. "Maybe a blonde? No, I've always preferred dark haired girls. Maybe short with a nice backside? Never really been my type, though I wouldn't complain. But PLLLEEEEAAAASSSEEE just let her have big tits!"
Ted was a boob man through and through. Always had been and always would be. Sure, a great ass is a great ass, and everyone can get on board with that, but nothing quite did it for Ted like a tall slim girl with great legs and even greater tits.
This unexpected excitement at not only getting rid of The Guy, but also having someone much nicer to look at got Ted's mind racing. In need of a shower and still feeling the endorphins racing from his workout, Ted made a beeline for the bathroom with the palpable excitement of possibly having a busty new neighbor to gawk at and get off to.
Dropping his shorts as soon as he got through the door, he reached for the second drawer where he kept his lube. He poured a liberal amount into his right hand and went to work on his ever-hardening cock.
By now he had gotten so far ahead of himself in his fantasies about the emptying apartment across the alley that he was imaging a parade of different women all strutting slowly and sexually down his neighbor's hall, inching closer and closer to the window and, in-turn, him, leaving nothing but their bare bodies for him to admire.
His pace quickened. A slow stroke all the way up and down his shaft with a slight roll of the palm around the head turned to a shorter motion at a faster pace. He wasn't in a rush, but he wasn't exactly taking his time either... As his thoughts of the imaginary new neighbor continued to morph from one beauty to the next in his head, he let the fantasy take over.
His cock, now hard as a rock and a deep red color, was extremely sensitive. He let his pace quicken until he reached the edge, then slowed a bit to prolong the euphoria and build up a bigger release. He watched himself in the mirror as he stroked and saw a small stream of precum began drip from the end of his shaft.
There was nothing that satisfied Ted more than taking his time to build up the biggest load he could get, and he was doing just that as visions of ample-breasted redheads and brunettes seduced him through the window. 20 feet seemed so close he could touch their double D's.
As the next in a long line of raven-haired temptresses showed off for him in his mind, Ted felt a twitch in hips and this time he didn't slow down to dial back the tension.
With an audible groan, he let loose his cum upon the bathroom counter. Forceful shots of pearly white jizz landed just next to the sink as his hips bucked and balls emptied up through his seven-inch shaft.
As the last drops were oozing down to the counter below, he looked at himself in the mirror with a smirk. Satisfied with the load he had released and the accompanying orgasm, he exhaled deeply, walked over to the shower and turned it on.
For days after the movers came and went, Ted waited anxiously to see who is new neighbor would be. He saw the same middle-aged woman, the building's leasing agent he presumed, entering the apartment each day with different people for tours. A few had caught Ted's eye but they were mostly couples and none were particularly exciting.
As he went to bed on the fifth night after The Guy moved out, glancing at the empty apartment across the alley with lights off and completely dark, he said to himself, "maybe I'm putting a little too much thought into this" as he went off to bed.