Nearly a week passed since I'd caught my sexy, blonde wife masturbating in front of the pool cleaner.
I still hadn't mentioned it to her though, because my feelings were awash with contradiction. On the one hand, I was angry. How could she do that to me? But somewhere else inside me, perhaps a darker part was totally turned on by it.
Our sex that week had been better than usual.
Every time we fucked, I imagined Rachael naked in front of the pool cleaner, slapping and spanking at her horny pussy while sucking one of her massive naked tits into her mouth. The mental scene made me cum hard each and every time I conjured it.
Rachael also noticed the improvement, but had no clue why my sexual appetite had suddenly sprouted.
It was Sunday, and I knew that the pool cleaner was due again in a couple of days.
I worried.
Would she do something like that again? Should I try to sneak off from work early?
The thought of it made my cock rise and harden in my jeans.
Rachael was out with one of her girlfriends, so I had the place to myself for a few hours. I was glad for that, because finally, I had a chance to sit in peace and think it through.
Only, I could find no peace.
Feeling tired, I climbed the stairs to the bedroom, wanting a short nap. I'd deal with it later.
Pulling off my jeans and t-shirt, I stretched out in my underwear and closed my eyes, trying to push the thought of my naked wife in front of the pool cleaner out of my mind.
But it kept pushing back.
My mind stubbornly returned to the sight of her, totally naked, huge tits swinging, as she unmercifully slapped at her bared pussy while the pool cleaner stared in shock. I saw her cumming again. The movie played over and over in my head, restarting as soon as it finished.
My cock rose and throbbed.
Unable to help myself, I reached into my underwear and grasped my hard shaft. It ached for release.
I had to deal with this.
Sliding my underwear down and off, I lay back again, totally naked, and took my pulsating cock in hand.
Closing my eyes, I imagined my sexy wife by the pool. Only this time, my mind embellished a bit. Instead of the lone pool cleaner, there were three men standing across from her and conversing among themselves.
In my fantasy, she was wearing her red bikini while the men were fully clothed. Stretching back on the lounge, her fingers played lightly over her crotch while they carried on a conversation, not really noticing her actions.
On the bed, I slowly stroked myself, watching the mental-movie unfold.
Reaching behind her, Rachael loosened the ties to her bikini top just a bit, allowing the front of it to slide down slightly, revealing more of her gorgeous cleavage.
Her fingers increased their pressure on her crotch, and I saw a wet spot form on the front of her bikini bottoms.
The fantasy men acted as if they didn't notice that my wife was starting to masturbate right in front of them.
Pulling and squeezing on my throbbing cock, I noticed that my breathing was coming harder. With my free hand, I reached between my legs and gently palmed my balls, stretching the skin lightly away from me. The feeling was incredible.
My mental Rachael had now slipped a hand inside her bikini bottoms, and was lightly rubbing her clit, as her top slid further down, revealing the tops of her hot, pink aureole.
At that point, one of the men noticed and turned to face her across the pool, slightly nudging the others to do the same.
All three of them stood quietly and watched.
Rachael's left bikini strap worked its way down her shoulder, revealing most of her huge, left tit. Her nipple was hard with excitement. She fingered herself under her bottoms, sliding two fingers into her moist slit in front of the men.
My cock pounded and jumped in my hand. Lifting my hand to my mouth, I spit on it for lubrication, and continued stroking myself...faster this time.
In my fantasy, Rachael hooked her thumbs under the waist of her bikini bottoms, and slowly slid them down, showing the men her dripping pussy. As they watched, she continued to pull them. Raising her hips off of the lounge, she slid them over her hips and down to her ankles, finally dropping them on the ground in front of her.
My hot wife was now completely bottomless, displaying her naked cunt to the men. Her large, left tit, swollen aureole, and stiff nipple hung free of her top. They devoured her with their eyes.
Moving closer, the men formed a semi-circle around the foot of the lounge, peering down at her as she rubbed her clit with one hand, and pulled at her exposed nipple with the other.
Nobody said a word.
One of the men picked up her bottoms and stuffed them in his pants pocket.
Wearing only her bikini top, covering one breast, my wife began slapping at her pussy and moaning...filling the air with the sound of it.
On the bed, I stroked fast, stiffening my legs and pointing my toes straight out. "Oh god, Rachael," I moaned, imagining my wife masturbating in front of strange men.
In my mind's eye, one of the men reached down and hooked his fingers under Rachael's bikini strap and pulled it slowly away from her, until it was gone completely. Both of her enormous globes were now naked and in plain view....they shook and lolled heavily with her movements. Her nipples stuck out lewdly as she fucked herself with her hand.
One of them grabbed both of her bare ankles and gently spread her legs, as wide as she could manage.
I beat my cock for all I was worth, feeling the orgasm building in my stomach.
I imagined that the men had their cocks out, and were stroking to my gorgeous, totally nude wife, spread eagled on the lounge in front of them. She then turned over, got up on all fours, and bent forward, sticking her bare ass high in the air. Her heavy, naked globes hung to the lounge, swinging back and forth as she masturbated her pussy from behind...watching them over her shoulder.
That was too much.
"Oh god...Rachael...oh god...yes.." I moaned loudly on the bed, at the point of orgasm. "Do it baby, I want to see you naked...I want to see you naked in front of other men...play with yourself for them...Rachael..."
I came...hard...jettisoning long ropes of white, hot cum all over my belly, as my hand flew on my cock, pulling it and squeezing it.
"I need to see you naked for other men..." I said aloud, as the second wave hit me, washing over me in throes. My whole body went stiff, as I jerked hard, siphoning out the last few drops.
Finally, my orgasm subsided, and I lay spent, with my softening, sticky cock against my belly.
"Wow!" Rachael's voice broke the silence, ripping me from my fantasy.
She was standing in the doorway.
"Is that what you really want?" she asked, entering the room.