With the pandemic ending and our industry in a little downturn my company was also slow. There had been a lot of working remotely and not a lot of new projects started. I have mentioned I work in a predominantly male sector and a couple of the guys in the office had been let go. Most of the bonuses I had been receiving had stopped but I felt lucky to still be working. The owner of company came into my office one morning and advised me one of our better clients was short listed for a portion on a very large project in Tabasco, south of the border. Carl and I spent the next several weeks working long hours doing take-offs, working with our suppliers to submit pricing on a large size portion of the work.
We had not heard any updates so to say things were a little stressful would be an understatement. Things at work were getting a little uneasy too when Carl came into my office and said we got good news, sort of, from Philippe. They had been selected on the project and wanted to come to our offices with a couple of the prime contractors to inspect our facilities and if all went well, we would finalize terms of the contract. We discussed the preparation necessary, and Carl told me he would let me know when the dates were set.
Later that afternoon Carl stopped back in my office and said Philippe, Jorge and the two business associates would arrive two weeks from Friday and would be leaving the following Monday. Carl said if all went well, we would have a signed contract. Carl also said he was trying to put together a small get together the Saturday night before the holiday season started and wanted to make sure Pam and I could attend. With all the activity surrounding the planning I didn't think too much about his request.
That evening I took my wife out to eat and told her the good news. We were both excited. I also told her we were going to have a get together in a couple of weeks which we needed to attend. Strangely my wife stopped smiling and just starred quizzically. "What kind of get together?" she asked. With all the scurrying around the office I guess I didn't put much thought into the get together. My wife never took her eyes away from me asking "what is the presupposition of my attending?" I thought for a moment saying they are bringing two business partners, so I was assuming it is mostly business. Because of the current times our life had become much more unremarkable. My wife had more available time, so she worked out more and was fitter than ever BUT some of the past events seemed like another life and we had never discussed or considered another indiscretion since her last event over three years ago.
The next two weeks went quickly, and we met with Philippe, Jorge, Pablo and Diego on Friday, gave them a tour of the facilities and answered all of their questions. It had been a full day, and it was getting late, so we all went out for dinner. After eating and having a few drinks our discussion was about the contract and work, the conversation turned a little off-color and Philippe made a strange comment that caught my attention "we look forward to seeing your wife." The conversation swayed on different topics until the evening was ending and Philippe made another strange comment "I hope we can finalize the deal tomorrow."
These two comments stuck with me, but I didn't want to raise any unnecessary red flags, so I didn't mention the discussion to my wife. We went about our normal activities until later in the afternoon my wife asked me what she should wear. I mentioned that Carl said it was a small gathering and there would be a gaming backdrop, so she could dress casually. When Pam came out, she was wearing a sexy light colored bodycon knit dress that fit fairly snug. The dress was long sleeved but had a deep V front and only stretched to mid-thigh, she was stunning, and I told her so. As we were getting ready, I noticed the fabric of her dress was almost sheer and I could see the darker outline of her nipples. When she turned her back to me the fabric stretched tightly around her gorgeous bottom clinging to her cheeks. When she wasn't looking, I had to adjust the front of my pants from the straining she was causing.
We followed Carl's directions to the county club and checked thru at the gate. We were told to follow a small winding road to a separate private member only facility. I found out later Carl had booked the secluded facility for the private event. We parked and walked up to the entrance and a large black sentinel asked us our name to enter. As we entered the door Carl escorted us into the party. I noticed his eyes wander for a few seconds over Pam's body, he smiled and just kept walking. I was nervous, Carl had seen wife's body and used her for his gratification. "Fuck" I thought to myself "he's been in her ass; he's probably picturing it now." The comments from the night before were coming back into my thoughts.
We followed Carl through into the party, which was setup in a casino theme. There were a bunch of people; my coworkers, friends of ours, husbands of some of my wife's friends and our neighbor scattered around the casino tables. Most people were dressed fairly casually but I noticed I didn't see any other women. My worries again went to the comments of the night before. Carl led us over to Philippe and Jorge, who greeted us with a "Hey Pam! Glad you made it!" appearing to have been drinking heavily. "Great to finally SEE you again!" Philippe said. I looked at Pam and although she was blushing, was smiling and appeared to be enjoying the attention.
"Hey" Philippe said, still staring down at my wife's private parts "Let's go get a drink." We followed them through a door which led out to a deck where there was a bar. Carl had hired a couple of bartenders who were serving drinks. There was also a keg of beer in the corner of the deck. I noticed my customers; Paul, Tim, Rob, Dale, Mic and our neighbor Phil who supplies our company's materials drinking and talking on the deck. We got our drinks and stayed out on the deck talking and drinking for a while, it was a really mild pleasant night out and we enjoyed being outside. There were a handful of people out on the deck with us, a few of them were smoking some pot. Paul and Claudio were constantly prodding Pam to take a drag and somehow the reefer always ended back in her hand. My wife had already taken four or five puffs when I decided she had enough and finished my drink to get her back inside.
When we got inside, we wandered around checking the games and started seeing a lot of familiar faces, Kenny, Rickey, Claudio again and Bob. I was surprised by Bob; he was one of our newer clients we had met in person only once several years ago at a previous event but with the strange times I had not seen him in person since. Bob had become a loyal customer but all I could remember about the guy is he had the largest cock I had ever seen, and he had used it on my wife. When I looked a little more, I also saw our neighbor's boys Zach and Ryan in a corner drinking. We chatted with Philippe, and he introduced Pam to a couple of his business clients; Diego and Pablo who he had brought to the event.
I went to get a couple more drinks and I noticed Philippe pulled out a pipe and some weed for the guys; Hindu Skunk he said later. I also noticed that after each of the four guys took a hit, they handed it to my wife for her turn. Before I got back to the group my wife had already taken seven or eight hits. I knew Pam and I hadn't partaken in any weed for years so I had a feeling when the full effect kicked in, she would be hammered. She had taken nearly a dozen tokes over the last 30 minutes, so I excused us politely to help her quickly escape the guys.
When we went around, I was getting worried; with the three casino dealers, two bartenders and couple of servers and the doorman; there must have been at least twenty to twenty-five guys by my mental count and the only female at the event was my wife. It was beginning to register to me that it was no coincidence that Carl had insisted Pam attend. My feelings were mixed, and I wasn't sure she was ready or willing to go along with what I was beginning to think was happening.
Carl had left us to mingle with the other guests and get the activities started. Paul who I have mentioned before had worked with me for five years and I still barley knew anything about him; except he seemed to be an instigator guiding my wife into steamy situations. Anyway, he was now one of my customers and took me over to a blackjack table. The casino games had started, and he got me to sit with him and was feeding me drinks. I kept an eye on my wife and saw Carl approach her with a fancy bag. I was confused but the drinks and the game sidetracked my attention.
The game was getting a little rowdy when we hit a hot streak, I'm not sure how long it had been, but Pam approached our table wearing a small, frilly over the shoulder French apron and matching lace headband. She took our orders and as she walked away, I realized her backside was bare above her heels and the tie on the back of her apron did little to cover the sheer silk panties she was wearing. The high cut French panties accentuated the crease under each cheek as she walked, and the sheer material displayed the crevice between her cheeks.
I got up from the table and followed my wife to ask what happened. She tried to explain Carl's request, but she just kept giggling and losing her concentration. Now I was really wondering if we should try to leave but I was also getting buzzed. I was trying to keep an eye on her while we mingled for a short while when Claudio, Bob and Phil caught us and started talking about the current times. The discussion went on for a while when Phil noted we didn't have drinks. I said I would grab some, but Pam interrupted; "No I'll get them this time" my wife said.
Not thinking straight, I replied "Ok, thanks".
As she walked away, I saw Philippe blatantly staring at her barely covered ass. I remember thinking, my wife is drunk and not wearing any pants. Wonderful!? I was really going to have to keep an eye on her. "Damn, sorry Mark, but your wife is hot!" Philippe noted.
"Thanks" I said, "Keep your eyes to yourself!" I added jokingly.
During my wife's trip into the kitchen for refills, Carl got up and went to the kitchen to get another beer. After a couple minutes I was curious so I got up and wandered by the kitchen and I could see Carl with Pam. He was behind her pressing her against the counter, hugging her with his arms around her waist. He appeared to be nuzzling the side of her neck on the side away from me when she tilted her head to expose more of her neck, she saw me standing in the doorway. She looked at me and I didn't react, looking at her until she closed her eyes and went back to enjoying having her neck nibbled. Carl was still kissing her neck and shoulder and whispering in her ear, and he moved his hand up from her waist to reach into her top, massaging her breast. Her eyes opened to look over to see if I was still watching and gave me a worried look. I was also fairly tipsy and not realizing, I smiled and adjusted my pants, then turned and walked back to the game room to join the other guys.
After a while I noticed Carl came out with a new beer. I went back into the kitchen to help Pam and she looked at me questioningly "How could you...?"
"How could I what?" I said knowing what she was asking.
"How could you let him feel me up like that?"
"You didn't seem to object much to it. You always flirt with guys. Besides, it not as though this is new to us...... to you." I said without thinking.
"That was years ago. And that was..........ah, business, your business, your clients. Carl put his hands on my boobs and more...... that seems more than friendly............"
"Do you want to leave?" I questioned waiting for a response, to which there was none, just a blank stare............ "So, be more than friendly" I chuckled. In my state I was not really sure I was fully thinking of the consequences as Pam walked back to the gaming area.
After all the drinks I was feeling no pain and really had to pee, and I excused myself from Paul and went to search for a bathroom. I kept walking and finally found the hall to the bathroom. I needed to go bad, so I rushed straight to the toilet. As I was taking a piss, I noticed a small shot glass tray on the counter next to the sink that had a handful of clear shot glasses and a permanent magic marker. There were also a couple more of the glasses off to the side of the tray. I looked closer and it appeared that they were filled, almost half of the way with a gooey white fluid. One said Rickey on the side, and one said Kenny. "What the fuck is that about?" I thought. I finished pissing and left the bathroom and went to find Pam. I went back outside to the deck and found her getting more drink orders.
Over the next hour or so I noticed the guys were getting a little more friendly with my wife when she served them their drinks. Larry and Dale would slowly take turns reaching up to place a hand on her side and accidentally sliding their fingers under her top to feel her tit. My wife would jokingly say "excuse me" while feigning a startled look. They had also been enticing her to take a shot with them whenever she brought their drinks, so the weed and alcohol were really taking affect. It became a game with the guys to see who could make her react the most. Pam's coordination was also affected, and she was more concerned with her tray than the activities when Claudio shifted her bib to expose her left breast putting her b-cup on display for everyone to see. My wife did not want to drop the tray, so it took her a while before she straightened her top to cover the exposed tit.
Things seem to escalate quickly, during one of her deliveries Carl put his hand on Pam's butt and left it there. My wife looked directly at me to gauge my emotions. When I didn't respond my wife did not discourage him, so he started rubbing her behind and cupping the cheek of her delicious bottom. Carl was giving her more than a little pat, he was caressing her ass. She looked over at me again, but she didn't object or even remove his hand.
"Hey honey," I said, "Having a good time?"
"Yeah" she said. "Philippe and his friends are nice." She smiled and giggled. I could tell she was blitzed, and I know I was a little too drunk at that point.
I looked over at the bar and saw that the bartenders for the bar on the deck were gone, I guessed they were talking a break. "I'll be right back" I said to Pam. I went inside and walked through the kitchen to the other bar. Kenny was there getting a drink and I glanced to the side of the bar and noticed that there was another shot glass, off to the side. It was filled almost all the way with the same thick whitish fluid, like the others.
"Kenny" I said. "What the hell is that" I said pointing to the shot glass.
"Oh that?" he asked. "That's Carl's new trick, when he has a party, he jerks off till he fills a shot glass and leaves it on the bar as a gag. You know, just to see if a girl will get drunk and do it."
"Has anyone ever done it?" I asked.
"Yeah, last year, if they downed Carl's shot, they'll bring out more. There's a tray in the bathroom. I jerked off in one glass before I took a piss."
"Damn" I said. "That's some sick shit."
All the drinking was affecting me "I gotta go to the bathroom again," I said. I wandered through the crowd, drunk and not even realizing I had not seen my wife in a while. I had made my way to the long hallway when I heard a cheer from the front room. A couple guys came around the corner and I heard one say something to the other that almost made my knees buckle.
"Hey, Diego" the guy said. "Pam just did Carl's shot!". I turned and saw that the guy speaking was one of Philippe's friends; Pablo who must not have realized she was my wife.
"No! No! No god damn way!" Diego said.
"Way!" he answered.
I rushed for the bathroom, my heart and my head were racing! I can't believe this, what is going on? As I started pissing, I looked over and saw that there were now 6 shot glasses on the tray, and all were partially full. I tried to think clearly, I told her to be more than friendly but.......... she wouldn't do that, would she??? Okay, so maybe she did do the shot, but it's not like she kissed Carl. No! Wait. It's worse than kissing Carl, I think...... I'd rather she kissed him than drank a shot glass of his fucking cum! My head was spinning, I was still pissing.
The door flew open. Paul came in, "Sorry!" he said, and grabbed the tray of shot glasses and left not bothering to close the door.
I hurried to finish going the bathroom then I threw some water on my face. I started thinking again; I told my wife to be friendly, but I can't believe this I thought. I'm not sure what I thought would happen.............. I was really drunk, splashing cold water on my face trying to sober up. I left the bathroom and decided I had to find Pam. I went back down the hall and into the open room and saw that there was now a crowd around something. I pushed closer and saw that my wife was in the middle of a circle of guys standing next to the end table by the couch. Her eyes looked glazed, and she didn't seem very steady, the pot must have hit her hard.
The tray of shots from the bathroom was on the table. Other people were at the bar ordering what looked like regular shots to put on the table. I also noticed behind the table they uncovered a makeshift prize wheel only this one had some unusual slots. There were a bunch of spaces with most marked of Take a Shot, a lesser amount of Take 2 shots, a few Loose a Turn, a few: Give Someone a Special Shot and one Give Someone Two Special Shots. There were also a couple shiny smaller special slots: Motorboat, Kiss Anywhere and a few others. I looked at Pam, she had a big ear-to-ear grin on her face and the bib of her apron had been untied and was down to her waist exposing her chest to the group. I tried to break through the circle of guys to get to my wife, but it was too crowded.
Pam was standing next to Carl, talking to Carl and I could have sworn I saw his right hand on her ass. The guys started squeezing towards the wheel to make their spin. The first few guys, Rob, Dale and Mic all landed on take a shot. Rickey was next, he spun the wheel and landed on give someone a special shot. Not surprisingly he chose Pam.
Carl picked up a cum shot from the tray with his left hand and gave it to my wife.
"Kenny" Carl yelled out, "this one is yours."
"Fuck!" I said out loud, but nobody paid any attention to me.
Pam took the shot glass and quickly tipped it to her lips emptying the glass and sticking her tongue in to lick it clean. The group started cheering and celebrating as if they had won a race. The spins went on with most taking a shot or losing a turn, but Phil landed on give someone a special shot.
Carl then picked up another shot, looked at it, and was handing it to my wife. "Paul! This one's yours!" he yelled.
Phil interrupted "Give her mine, I did the spin!"
Carl relented and put down the shot marked Paul and lifted up the shot marked Phil. The shot glass was almost half full as handed it to my wife Carl said "Phil, looks like your wife won't have to swallow tonight!"
The crowd went insane! Phil yelled out "quench your thirst with my protein shake Pam!" "Swallow it all whore, I want all my babies sliding down your throat and swimming in your tummy!"
Pam took the glass and held it a couple of inches above her head and tipped the glass, so our neighbor's syrupy white body protein drizzled into her open mouth. Again, the group was hooting and hollering, cheering her efforts. The next few guys had to take a shot, including Philippe. Except when he finished, I saw Philippe push through to the other side of Carl and next to my wife. He had a cat-that-ate-the-canary grin on his face. He looked at Pam and moved a little closer and winked at Carl. I saw Philippe pick up an emptied shot glass and rub his middle finger in the remaining cum and then placed it behind my wife's bottom as Carl moved his hand. I knew she was wearing sheer underwear, but I could not see behind my wife. Philippe my customer, had his hand moving behind my wife's back. Pam giggled as he moved his hand and my wife's eyes opened wide when I realized he must have slipped his hand in her panties and found her puckered opening.
The next few spins where uneventful but Claudio spun and landed on give someone two special shots, which again was Pam. There were four shots left on the tray, Carl gave a pair to Pam and yelled out "Zach and Ryan!"
Phil's Boys started jumping up and down screaming like they won the lottery. Zach yelled out "swallow the whole family" and Ryan added "all our babies will be swimming inside you!"
Pam gained her composure and raised the shot glasses, one in each hand as the guys started chanting "Do the shot! Do the shot!"
I almost couldn't watch, but I couldn't look away either. I had to adjust the cock in my pants aching from the sight. My wife lifted the shots higher above her head, one on each side, cocked her head back and tipped the glasses of cum. It seemed to move almost in slow motion, as the thick white liquid strings started reaching my wife's lips and mouth. Pam closed her eyes, then made an almost satisfied content look, with an evil looking smile. She gulped and then she opened her eyes wider and smiled. Philippe's arm appeared to be rotating behind my wife, when her mouth opened wide with a slight groan, I realized he was exploring her asshole.
My neighbor Phil added "she's put all our family tadpoles in her tummy! Our boys are swimming behind her belly button. "
I couldn't hear anything for a few seconds, the room was roaring. We had not been a part anything like this in a couple of years, how was this happening? My wife just drank my boss's cum, my customer's cum and all three of our neighbor's cum from shot glasses. Philippe kept his hand in Pam's behind and looked like he was increasing his stroke. By now everyone the room knew he was fingering her ass and cum was dribbling down her chin as groans from her open mouth grew more frequent. I also noticed several of the guys in the group had pulled out their cocks and were actively stroking them.
Diego was next and the spin landed on Kiss anywhere. Diego slowly got to his knees in front of my wife and put his head under the front of her apron shifting her panties. He leaned forward, shifting her panties further and stuck his face between her legs. Pam looked startled for a second until he must have found her clit. Her eyes closed and the tongue working her front and the hand behind must felt good because she reached out both hands for support and stated thrusting her pelvis. My wife was undulating her body as Ricky and Claudio each grabbed one of her tits from each side. Her mouth opened wide saying "oh God, ungh...... more" and her body starting to undulate out of control. Pam's hands starting grasping for air shouting "oh fuck, oh FUCK!" and her body quivering as she screamed "I'm Cumming."
Several guys caught her for support as she lost her balance. Several more guys approached Pam as she recovered, and I saw her eyes go to their crotch and she smiled. Did she even know I was here? Carl then took my wife's left hand. What was he doing I thought? He slide off both her engagement ring and wedding band and took them and held each one over each of the last two shot glasses. These glasses looked different from the rest, both were overflowing the brim with the thick, gooey whitish looking fluid.
"No!" I yelled. A few guys around me laughed.
"Damn!" the guy next to me said, "Is this slut's mate even here? I can't believe this!"
Carl just looked at me and yelled out loud to everyone "That's her husband!"
Guys around me laughed some more as the guy next to me said "Damn man, your wife is hot and slutty as hell. I wish my wife would do this." I looked at my wife, she was still smiling and seemed to be enjoying all this.
"Drop them in! Drop them in!" The room started to chant.
Carl smiled and let go, each my wife's rings plunged into one of the two overflowing glasses of cum. My stomach wrenched, her engagement ring and wedding band were now soaking in other guys cum! The guys in the room cheered louder.
Carl noted "you can thank the rest of the group for filling those!"
Pam raised the shot glasses and starting slowly shifting the glasses until a string of cum formed between my wife and the glass. What I saw next was both the most erotic and yet disturbing thing I have ever seen in my life. My wife raised the glass above her head and stuck out her tongue but with a finger working in her ass and a tongue working on her clit her aim was off and the stream of cum was landing on her nose and face. The room erupted again in deafening noise. I realized for the first time my cock was hurting and ready to explode.
Between her groans she stuck out her tongue and tilted the glasses letting the cum slid out the glass slowly this time, and let the rings slide down the sides and caught them in her open mouth that was overflowing with cum. She reached to take them out and held them up dripping cum for all the guys to see. She stuck out her tongue and licked them off a little bit and put them both back on her hand. The tray was empty, guys were yammering all over the place and encouraging Pam.
I had made my way over to my wife, her face had cum from her nose to her chin. She had several globules and strands trickling down her chin onto her chest and one clump hanging from her nipple. Whose was it, I didn't' know, probably everybody's but mine. I pulled her out of the circle, guys were laughing at me, and some were clapping. She stopped in her tracks, looked me in the eyes with a dazed look and an evil grin, without looking away announced "I finished the appetizers, what are we having for the main course?"
The room broke out in a deafening roar of approval and lewd comments. I had not noticed Philippe had made it to my side, he took Pam by the hand and shifted her stance while helping her to her knees. The guy's got even louder as he moved in front of my wife while he slowly lowered the zipper and fumbled to release the tent in his pants. He was able to release his already hard 11-inch black cock, almost hitting her in the face. My wife reached up with her hand, but Philippe playfully slapped it away. Pam tilted her head, looked up meet his eyes and seductive pouty lips.
Guys were yelling comments; suck his cock, bet you can't take it all while others were trying to shift closer to the action. My wife then puckered her lips and gently kissed the purplish brown mushroom tip of his penis. The guy's got louder which didn't seem possible; take his cock you whore, suck the whole thing, eat his cum....... until my wife grinned and stuck out her tongue to lick the crown. Guys were starting to push even closer when she opened her mouth wide and took the whole head in her mouth. Philippe's eyes closed as he looked toward the ceiling with a satisfied look.
Most of the other guys had their cocks out clamoring for as turn as my wife increased her intensity. She placed one hand at the base of his cock and choked trying to take as much as she could. She had over half of Philippe's shaft inside her mouth as she held him straight down while looking up to meet his eyes you could see she had his cock past her tonsils and the base of her neck would bulge as the head of his cock tried to enter her throat. Philippe's face started to contort as he waved Jorge, Diego and Pablo over. He slowed Pam down and helped her get to her feet.
Jorge and the guys had moved the Sofa into the center of the room. Philippe untied the remainder of her apron and laid her face down with her feet on the floor over the large arm of the sofa. Based on past events I knew what Philippe wanted, my wife's ass. He slowly pulled down her panties, deliberately spreading her legs and grabbed each cheek to put her little closed hole surrounded by the amber ring and puckered wrinkles on display.
The group had gone largely silent staring at Pam's little back hole with creases disappearing into her rear cavity that looked like funnel to her nether regions. Philippe spread he cheeks wider adding "don't you love this sweet brown asshole?" After stalling he continued "her gorgeous brown eye looks good enough to eat" which cause a loud uproar. Philippe leaned down and proceeded to stick his tongue to her anus trying to pry open the tight orifice.
Philippe got up and spread her cheeks wider again and called Diego and Pablo over "look at that beautiful tight little asshole." "Why don't you have a taste before we wreck it?"
Diego kneeled and it looked like he stuck his tongue against the knotted end of a balloon. My wife moaned as he tried to get his tongue in her tight rear entrance. Pablo was next as he kissed her behind and tried to stick his tongue up her ass without much luck.
Philippe must have been more than ready, he let go of my wife's cheeks and rubbed some of the precum leaking from his cock on the large mushroom head. Philippe moved closer holding his cock which looked as round as a can of red bull and placed it at my wife's anus. Pam got silent but the guys continued the lewd comments.
Our neighbor Phil shouted, "I love that gorgeous crescent shaped caramel ring around her small, closed backdoor." "Let me have first dibs before you stretch her out."
Philippe laughed and said you will get your turn as he purposely rubbed the head of his cock to her tightly closed opening, teasing my wife. He was carefully taunting my wife's anus making her squirm and moan until she finally said "PLEASE!"
"Please what?" Philippe continued the teasing, pressing slowly until her sphincter would just start to open and pulled it back out.
After a minute or so my wife moaned louder "Oh GOD, PLEASE put it in my ass!" Philippe did not displease as he pushed his cock until the head plopped into her ass. My wife screamed "Oh GOD, Fuck YES! Fuck me, oh GOD please fuck me hard!" Pam's directions encouraged him to drive his entire cock up her ass as she screamed again "yes, YES do me good, put it all in my ass!"
I wasn't sure if it was the activities or my wife's mouth working his cock; more likely both but Philippe had only been ravaging her ass for a minute or so when his face grimaced and he moaned "oh sweet Jesus." Philippe increased his pace, pulling his cock almost all the way out and then slamming her ass so hard he was moving the sofa. "Oh shit, I'm gonna dump my load in your ass Pam" he yelled.
Pam screamed back "Not yet! Oh, please I need more, not yet!"
It was too late "Shit here it comes Pam, Jesus Christ here it comes" he yelled back as his body shuddered, his ass clinched, and he grabbed her waist with short deep strokes trying to deposit his cum as deep in her bowels as possible. Between his gasps for breath, he said "I love your asshole, you are such a wonderful slut."
My wife smiled and got up saying "that's good but it's my turn now! Who's ready?" The guys were clamoring and pushing forward as Pam quickly grabbed Larry, Dale and Claudio's hands. She told the others to loose their cloths as she knelt down to take Dale in her mouth. She was quick about getting him fully hard and had him lay on the floor and straddled his legs with her back to his chest. She squatted and placed Dale's cock to her anus, slowly lowering until he was fully inside her. After mounting him she laid back to his chest and said, "I need a cock in my pussy now!" Larry was quick to oblige but was so worked up he came in less than a minute.
Nobody seemed to care about her needs, just wanting to get their own satisfaction. In less than 5 minutes she had taken two loads in her ass and several in her mouth and cunt.
She still had not scratched her inch, with cum covering her face and an insatiable look as she stood up. Looking around she asked, "where is Bob?" He stepped from behind her, his hand rubbing his large cock. Pam tried grabbing his member, but her hand would not reach around his girth. Bob's cock was 11 inches long, almost 8 inches around and bowed slightly to the left when he was hard. My wife led him to the sofa as she laid on her back with her behind up on the arm. Pam grabbed her ankles and raised them behind her head scolding Bob "I want that in my ass, NOW! Don't be easy, I need my turn."
Bob grabbed his cock with two hands and moved to press the head at her sphincter. "Now you fucker, do me now" Pam yelled "I need it now!" Bob pushed forward as her small, puckered orifice started to open. "More............ oh GOD!" was all she got out of her mouth when the mushroom end of his cock plopped into her ass.
When she caught her breath, she squealed "Oh God yes, please fuck me now!" was all Bob needed to hear. He pushed in a few more inches and then slowly pulled out to prepare to insert more. "Please, please, God PLEASE" my wife kept moaning until Bob decided he was ready. He forcefully rammed his entire cock up her anus. Pam was silent, her eyes grew wide, her mouth opened wide, and her arms flailed loose with each hand continually grasping at the air, like she was asking for more.
My wife's gestures spurred him to start pounding her ass with a sudden intensity. She seemed to be fluctuating between gasping to catch her breath and whining guttural noises as her body started to arch and went rigid. Bob had shifted his hands under her ass and increased the vicious pace pounding deep in her bowels. Pam's whole body began to quiver and shake taking him for a ride as she screamed reaching an intense orgasm, her body shaking continuously.
When my wife's body went limp Bob shifted her face down over the arm of the sofa and mounted her like he was mounting a horse. He wasted little time shoving his big cock back in my wife's ass. He grabbed her hips and started pounding her behind like there was no tomorrow. Pam seemed to get her second wind and lifted her body to hammer her behind slapping against his pelvis. Both of them started groaning as Bob howled "Oh shit I'm gonna cum". Pam seemed to slam him harder making louder groans and her body going taut. She was orgasming again just seconds after her first and the vibration of her body caused him to lose it "oh fuck Pam, here it comes......oh God I'm filling your ass." His ass clinched his body jerking forward knocking my wife's body flat on the sofa.
Bob kept moaning "Oh God, oh God" as his body continued jerking with short thrusts to deposit his load as deep in her ass as he could reach. After what seemed like more than ten spurts emptying his nads and filling her bowels Bob slumped forward on top of my wife breathing heavily "fuck............ that was good............ so fucking good............"
The two laid still, Bob panting when my wife just turned her head and said, "I needed that!"
Bob moved forward to kiss my wife. As he continued, they started swapping spit with Bob removing his tongue from her throat long enough to mutter "Jesus Christ you're the best I've ever had................"
The group was getting anxious surrounding my wife when Paul had her lie in the middle of the floor. Paul had been my co-worker, we spent nearly five years sharing an office, but I barely knew the guy. He left our company and was now one of my customers. I rarely saw him, but he was grabbing my wife's knees and spreading them as wide as her hips would allow. He pulled her ankles up to his shoulders with her feet touching his ears. Her full bush was on display with her lower lips red and bulging from the thicket of curly brunette hair. Everyone could see the multiple loads of sperm coating Pam's genitals.
She smiled when she saw his cock which is average size, curved slightly upward and an angry purple color from waiting his turn. Paul was more than ready and wasted no time bottoming out in her cunt. She moaned loudly as he pushed in all the way. She kissed him and held him tightly while he pumped his cock into her for several minutes.
Claudio couldn't wait for Paul to finish, he quickly finished taking off his pants and with his cock in his hand, knelt by my wife's head. She got the idea, grabs it and pulled it to her mouth. Claudio must have been too excited because he didn't wait for her to suck him, he grabbed Pam's head groaning and thrusting filling her mouth in seconds and collapsed on the floor.
Paul was pumping hard into her, he pulled way out, then pushed back in hard. I could see her pussy lips gripping his cock, being pulled out and pushed back in. With each stroke, he bottomed out, and she cried out, "Fuck me... fuck... me... oh fuck... me!" His banana prick was raking her G spot, she screamed hard and repeatedly when another orgasm shook her body. Seeing Claudio's cum drooling from her mouth, Paul wouldn't kiss her, but the sight drove him into a frenzy. He slammed into her pelvis and his ass clinched as he filled her with another load and slumped on top of her. She locked her ankles around his back to hold him in her, and they relaxed for a minute or two.
My wife got up, looking around at my coworkers, our neighbors and even the husbands of some of her friends. Our neighbor Phil clamored "I want some of that ass Pam!"
She just smiled and got him to lay down, straddling his mid-section and squatting to reach his cock. Pam aimed it at her already used ass and bounced her bottom to his pelvis, taking his whole cock up her anus. Phil yelled "oh fuck Pam, I love your ass."
Pam sat still for a moment calling Phil's boys, Zach and Ryan to come over. She leaned her back to Phil's chest and said, "okay boys, do you think about me when you masturbate?"
Zach and Ryan both turned red, but Ryan blurted out "sometimes I cum before I touch myself thinking about you!"
Pam answered back "you better hurry then.........."
Zack quickly got between her legs and Ryan grudgingly grabbed a tit and fed my wife his cock. All three of my neighbors were fucking my wife like a piece of meat, no caring just using her orifices to get off. After only a minute Ryan grabbed the back of my wife's head almost choking her to get deeper in her mouth. He quickly pulled his cock out of her mouth and jacked 6 or 7 large squirts of cum on her face. Still holding the back of her head he used both hands to press her face to his crotch moaning as he rubbed his cock to her skin. "God Damn you are an awesome fucking MILF." "Thank you Mrs. ******, Thank you!"
Almost before he was finished two more guys got on either side of her head. They were kind of rough, both trying to use her open cavity. Zach and his dad were getting close, and they both started howling "Fuck me whore" and Phil said, "Oh Christ Pam, here it cums, I'm filling your ass..........." with his boy close behind filling her cunt.
My customers: Paul, Tim, Rob, Dale, Mic plus Kenny, Claudio and my boss Carl helped my wife to her feet. Paul laid on the floor and my wife was placed over him and lowered her cunt onto his cock. Carl was quick to crawl behind her and slammed his rod up her anus with a moan of her approval. Kenny and Claudio stood side by side and both fed their cocks into her mouth. Pam went wild fucking the guys harder than they could pound and was screaming "fuck me harder" and moaning as her body began to tremble. She was flailing wildly when her body started convulsing. Paul and Carl were cussing as they were cumming. Kenny and Claudio's cocks had come out of her mouth but both were too close and started jacking and spurting all over my wife and Paul.
Zach and Ryan rolled my wife over, and each took turns filling her cunt with more cum. At least six more guys took advantage and used my wife for a deposit. Philippe, George, Diego and Pablo had other ideas and helped my wife to her feet. She had a stream of cum running down the insides of her legs. Philippe led my wife to the sofa and positioned her with her head on the floor and her back to the sofa with a pillow for support. Philippe straddled Pam's body and held her legs out in front of him. With one hand he got my wife to spread her legs and with the other he aimed his cock at her sphincter which was not fully closing. He pressed against her anus and then shoved his whole cock up her ass. Philippe was using an up down motion almost fully withdrawing and then disappearing back into her ass. My wife was making soft moaning sounds as he filled her ass with cum.
George was next but he stood opposite way from Philippe with my wife's legs between his and pile drove Pam's ass for nearly 5 minutes before adding his load. Diego was next but wanted her different. He laid her face first on the floor and straddled her waist placing his cock to her anus and started pounding her viciously.
Pam raised up slightly and shouted "harder!" Diego tried pounding faster and my wife's body convulsed once more to another orgasm. The convulsions on Diego's cock were too much as he dumped his load. Pablo didn't wait and was quick to follow adding more sperm to her anus.
The group was winding down. Everybody had cum multiple times, including myself. With the guys winding down I noticed the help Carl had hired grouped together to the side, watching and rubbing their cocks thru their pants. The guys: five Hispanic, two black and one I could not figure out all seemed anxious but apprehensive. One of the Hispanic guys asked Carl; "al men's podemos intenarlo?"
Carl grinned and gloated "andale" like he owned her.
Pam was exhausted and covered with cum but knew it wasn't over yet. She knew the expectation and got up and laid face down over the arm of the sofa. She reached back and spread her cheeks exposing her puffy anus and her sphincter staying open the size of a quarter and leaking the discharge from the myriad of guys she already serviced. The hired hands scurried to undo their pants and jostled for position in back of my wife's behind.
The first guy in line was one of the servers, a short stalky Hispanic guy. The asshole invader had already gone from one finger to three and was finger fucking her ass to get her ready. I was staggered when I saw his cock. He was trying to clench it, but his hands could not close around his massive girth. His cock only appeared to be about 5 or 6 inches long, but it looked swollen, dwarfing his penis head. I had never seen a cock that immense; it looked like he was holding a can of pineapple slices. He moved directly behind my wife and spread her cheeks with one hand while trying to hold his slab of meat in the other shoved the fat cock to her anus, but it slipped away.
He stuck his fingers in my wife's cunt and used some of the sperm leaking to coat the head of his cock. My wife looked back with a surprised look and spread her cheeks to offer assistance. The guy was a little short, so he moved forward and stood on his toes for a better attempt at his target. As he pushed his fat cock to her anus the small head disappeared, but the huge girth did not look like it was going to fit. He leaned his body weight forward still holding his fat cock. It looked like slow motion as her anus started to open and several inches of the enormous girth sank into her ass clamoring "oh mierda."
My wife had let go of her cheeks and laid silent with her mouth wide open. After what seemed like a long time but was probably only seconds, he pulled out the small mushroom head and Pam turned to look back and said "more." One of the other guys decided to fill her open mouth as the guy looked to the guy behind him not understanding and the second guy said "mas!"
He didn't need any further direction; he instantly grabbed his cock with both hands and climbed the sofa with his feet off the ground and shoved his cock to my wife's anus. He quickly let his entire body weight do the work as his pelvis met Pam's ass. Her eyes opened wide, and her head dropped to the sofa as she growled from around the cock in her mouth "oh yes" from the girth stretching her sphincter.
Neither guy was patient, one was trying to climb on my wife's back and the other was sitting on the sofa shoving the back of my wife's head to swallow his cock. The position of guy on my wife's back and the frantic pace humping Pam reminded me of a dog mating his bitch. He had only been fucking my wife's back door for a moment and started shaking and wailing "me vengo, me vengo!" He was sweating profusely; his ass was clinching, and the full weight of his body looked like he was squashing my wife.
Under the weight of the guy, I could hear my wife beginning to stir. She was trying to match his thrusts and uttering low guttural groans when he tensed, and she felt the eruption of cum in her bowels making her cum again. The guy in her mouth got so into it he erupted filling her mouth at the same time. My wife again had cum flowing from her mouth and asshole at the same time.
She turned over laying on the sofa, legs spread, cum dripping from her openings and surrounded by hard cocks. One of the black servers stood over her, his cock was huge, pre-cum was on the end of it and he smiled down and said, "Hi sweetie, are you ready for a black cock?" She could only nod to his question. He told her to "get on your knees" She did so wobbling from the previous fucking. He stood in front her and told her to "take it in deep and suck hard". She grabbed the shaft oblivious of anyone was watching. She took the head of his cock and began to take it in her mouth sucking as she did. She tried but couldn't get the entire length in her mouth and down her throat and gagged as she tried. He grabbed her head and began to face fuck her mouth; she was gagging but still caressing his balls as she took the onslaught from this black cock.
She felt someone slide under her and a cock at the entrance to her pussy and it drove into her hard, she yelped around the cock in her mouth and uttered a "UUUUUUMMMMMM, but pushed down onto the cock below her. She then felt as another hard cock touch her sore asshole and push in with little problem. Here she was sucking a cock, fucking three complete strangers while a room full or men watched. She was surrounded by guys pulling on her nipples, caressing her body as she fucked three of them like a whore. Her mind was playing an image "a fucking slut being dominated and used by men she didn't know, sucking fucking, being used as a fuck tool."
The three strangers began calling her names "whore, slut............." as each started moaning. They seemed to be as one as they seemed to reach climax, and each spurted their cum in her holes at the same time.
The last two Hispanic guys couldn't seem to wait to move their buddy and using her holes: one in her mouth and the other in her back door to satisfy their needs.
The thick black bouncer was back already, he turned my wife over with her back to the sofa and placed her calves on his shoulders. He was stroking his thick black cock and quickly lifted my wife's ass to place the head against her anus. He wasn't gentle shoving his cock up her bowels with his balls slapping her ass.
Pam mouthed "fuck me now, don't be gentle." He didn't need and further instructions as he immediately started jack hammering my wife's ass, but my wife added "harder!" The whole sofa was shaking as my wife started groaning loudly. I didn't think it was possible, but it caused the guy to slam her ass harder and faster.
It was a hectic scene as my wife's body started to arch and twist while the guy was only focused on his primal needs. He had been banging her ass for nearly 5 minutes when he hollered "oh fuck, oh fuck I need to cum."
But my wife got there first, her arms flailing, her hands grasping at the air and her entire body shaking with the groans of her orgasm. The guy was close behind, falling forward on my wife with his hips bucking and his ass clinching yelling "oh God, OH GOD!" filling her ass with one more load.
My wife was listless as four guys wanted one more try and shifted her with one below, one behind and two trying to use her mouth. They took turns shifting positions until all four filled one of her orifices. With everybody seeming satisfied, what seemed like ceremony Carl laid my wife face down, straddled her waist and pounded her ass for what seemed like an eternity to dump the final load of the night up her bowels.
Carl handed me an envelope to give my wife and a couple guys help my wrap her in a club robe to carry her to our vehicle.................