(Reader's Note: Please read the "Rex" tales in order as you see them on our TeamCravings author's page-enjoy!)
The young chubby man began to shiver and feel weak at the knees. The lenses focused again on the upper bedroom windows.
Uncle Rex, tall and lean, stepped into the sunlight filtered space. His expensive silk robe wide spread to reveal his lightly furry body as he strode in with eager twenty-something Claude in step right behind.
Rex turned and stood before the windows...the curtains wide open as if to say- LOOK!
Claude looked around the handsome master bedroom.
"You have a fantastic house! And you have a superb body for a man of you age...well I meant that you are perfect!" Claude said in his soft voice with slight stammers here and there. The young man was smitten!
"You like? I think for my ripe old age of forty; I am well preserved," Rex joked and his lovely smile filled his slightly tanned face.
The dappled sunlight picked up the beautiful auburn hair on his head like a piece of fine art.
"Your cock is the most amazing thing! The extra soft foreskin at the tip and the girth and length are not overwhelming...just big and very manageable!" Claude assessed.
His bright eyes shown through the lenses of his specs and they were dancing all over Rex's nearly naked body.
The robe fell from Rex's shoulders now and he stepped toward the dresser. His sheer blue socked toes softly massaging the carpet.
He saw the telephone number Wilbert had promised to leave and the Blue Magic dildo clean and ready.
He took the dildo and turned to Claude.
His devilishly boyish grin wider and his white teeth showing as he spoke.
"Why not get more comfy and join me on the bed...we have a few hours and you can try out this brand new toy on me. I was just getting it deep in my ass when you arrived...let's see how well you do driving this home. I'll tell you a secret...I have a special spot up inside me- find it and win a creamy jackpot!" Rex said moving to Claude and pressing his moist lips to the young man's soft pink ones.
The kiss was gentle but grew into lustful passion as Claude lashed his tongue deeply into Rex's open mouth. They hungrily began licking and lapping each other's oral cavities and fell onto the bed with a thud!
Claude's lovely suit began to be yanked and tugged off his smooth body...Rex was hungry!
The mystery man watched from across the street...drooling!
*********
Byron stroked his new sex toy! Damn, it was expensive! Custom made sex toys were. And now Rex Davenport had come along! That made it worth every penny! Byron put it down and looked at it. He had to use it-TONIGHT!
He rolled over to the London phonebook. He looked up Davenport.
"Why wait for him to call here? I'll phone him and get him here tonight! I shall make sure Rolf is late and walks in on the fun!" Byron said grabbing his phone and punching in Rex's number. He was so lucky the landline was listed!
The number rang three times.
Rex had just gotten Claude naked...except for his sweaty pale grey socks and then he heard the phone. He had the extension by his bed.
"I better pick up, might be work?" he said. He prayed it was not! He lay on his pillows and grabbed for it.
Claude lay now at the foot of the bed by Rex's size 11 socked feet and began to stroke and sniff them as Rex picked up the phone.
The sensual light blue socks were nearly sheer and Claude could see the lovely pink foot flesh inside. God, Rex had exquisite feet. He pressed his face into them! The soft aroma of man-sweat and sex filled his nose!
"Hello!" Rex said with a thrum in his cock from the delicate foot worship below.
"Rex, this is Rolf's lover...Byron. Sorry to bother you but Rolf really hoped you were free tonight for dinner. He was so very impressed with you at the sex toy party. We'd love to see you here at our home...around six?" he asked in his most sincere voice.
His aged cock was aching and he wanted to shove it inside Rex's ass....badly!
Now Rex was keen to see Rolf and meeting the cantankerous older lover of his was part of the package deal. He should say yes. He was free. Why not?
Rex agreed and took down the details with a pad he kept by the bed. All the while his toes were being massaged and kissed by Claude. He was a good lover, young, but good!
When Byron hung up he called Rolf at his shop.
"When you close the shop at six tonight, head to the German deli, get the usual treats!" he demanded.
Rolf's heart sank. That would take him well over an hour to get to and then the journey home.
But he agreed. Anything to keep the peace.
And now Byron did smile. Rolf would be late, after eight. And he'd be so shocked to walk in and see Rex! And the plan Byron had in mind would scorch dear Rolf's eyes and leave a permanent graphic image. Byron had rather evil plans for poor Rex!
He wheeled into the bedroom and began to prepare the room!
*****************
Now with the call from Byron over and a plan arranged, it was back to Claude! Rex seductively moaned and pulled delicious gray socked Claude up higher on to the bed. He removed the expensive specs from his eyes and laid them on them bedside table. The naked but still socked young man looked perfect for ravaging and Rex was so horny!
He grabbed at blond Claude's head and pushed him down to his uncut rock hard cock.
Claude looked up and saw Rex's handsome face, his boss, smiling encouragingly. Without any hesitation Claude started at the succulent exposed plum tip of Rex's cock which by now was glistening with copious pre-cum. He then started to lick the long shaft gradually making his way to Rex's ginger furry tight balls.
Greedily Claude caressed his boss's juicy balls with his tongue and occasionally nipped the skin of his ball bag with his teeth, not painfully but with just enough force to cause painful pleasures.
Rex growled softly, "Turn round". Claude did so displaying a
tight white smooth ass. Rex dipped his reddish golden haired head down to Claude's tasty ass and with practiced hands separated the cheeks. Then without any warning he plunged his tongue into Claude's waiting asshole. Claude groaned as Rex's tongue deftly darted in and out of his pink pucker; at times plunging in
deeper than anyone or thing had before. Claude's hand went quickly to his own uncut cock which was screaming for attention. Noticing this, Rex turned Claude over and moved his tongue from ass to dick. Claude's eight inches were straining and as Rex's mouth engulfed his cock and it seemed to grow another couple of inches.
Rex reached for his own man-stick and in harmony sucked and pumped Claude's warm love-rod. As Rex's movements quickened, Claude looked dazzled and sexually needy...he moaned, "Fuck me".
******************************
A few hours later Rex stood nude apart from his light blue OTC sweaty sheer socks. His uncut cock, still partly erect, swayed with his movements.
The lovemaking had been amazing! Claude was versatile in bed but he did not get to fuck Rex this time...not yet! Rex watched from his window as the young newly employed assistant walk happily down the road towards the underground station. His lovely ass wiggling in his suit trousers...freshly fucked and fully enjoyed!
They'd parted with a kiss and a promise to do this again...but as for their relationship, he was still Claude's boss!
Rex had fucked his ass good...and Claude was now filled with Rex's seed. He wanted to hold it in his innards for as long as he could.
Now Rex had some time to prepare himself for Rolf and his lover, Byron. He sensed more sex was on the way...but what kind of sex? Rex hoped it would be HOT! But he really did not know or imagine what demonic Byron had up his sleeve. The night was far from safe for Rex!
*****************
The young chubby man across from Rex's home stood, half hidden by his curtains, dripping cum onto his bedroom floor.
His mother Zelda, a MILF much like Lorna, had the rear bedroom and lucky Trent had the pleasure of front windows that looked over to Rex's always open curtains!
Trent...in his early 20's, much like Collin, was smitten with Rex. And having seen his just fuck the blond sexy ass of Claude...well it nearly did poor Trent in! His small uncut cock ached from stroking so hard.
Now his eyes caught a glimpse of that big bossy lady houseguest and the new young male houseguest walking side by side down the road. Each carrying bags from London stores and the young man looked...sexier? Trent used his binoculars and looked closer.
His brown hair was styled and his eyes sported new brass rimmed specs! And his clothing was trendier!
Rex must be a sugar daddy type...or an uncle. Rich and very generous. Trent was so in love with Rex.
On the pavement below Lorna was musing to Collin.
"Did you see that blond young hunk? He was whistling and almost dancing. I wonder if...NO, I am sure that was Claude. He had that 'just fucked' look!" Lorna mused.
Collin was already jealous of any male lovers his uncle had. Lorna...well, he liked her and she was a lady. Rex had his needs and Lorna was part of that. Collin made up his mind to try hard to be the only man his uncle needed in bed!
They arrived back in the house and heard Uncle Rex splashing and singing in the bathtub above. His voice was more than zippy and full of cheer.
"Oh, somebody got their rocks off...like you did earlier!" Auntie Lorna said grabbing Collin's young supple ass through his trousers.
Collin yelped. He may be in his early 20's but still felt prudish when it came to female --male sex. He was very gay! And proud of it...finally!
She grabbed him and kissed his cheek. So like an old auntie!
"Just imagine once my old friend installs the spy cams all over this house, you can use your new laptop PC and watch your uncle fucking, being fucked...so many sex acts! And I will be down the street in my new place watching too! Just us two...spies!" she giggled and dropped the bags of goodies she carried.
"Come on, put those down. Let's go show you off to your uncle. He did pay for it all! Come on!" she said almost grabbing him by the neck!
"But Auntie Lorna...he's in the tub!" he said as she dragged him up the stairs.
"Who cares? I'll wash his back!" Lorna said with her big round playful eyes twinkling.
All that was on the messy big bed was the pair of long light blue sheer socks. The adjoining bathroom door was open and Rex's large moist pink bare feet were propped up on the rim of the tub.
Collin smelled raw sex in the air of the bedroom...and was sure he saw a cum spill on the bed sheet!
"Who is that? Is that my two money spending houseguests?" Rex said heartily from the bath as they walked into the room.
Naked and fully exposed in a slightly soapy tub lay Uncle Rex...his uncut cock bobbing in the water.
"Nice to see you looking so handsome and well groomed. You are a handsome devil!" Uncle Rex said eyeing dear nephew Collin.
Collin blushed and smiled. He loved seeing his uncle nude...and not ashamed! He loved to be seen.
Lorna sat on the tub edge and stroked the size 11's that rested by her thigh. She adored his big sexy feet!
"We did so well, spent loads...and Collin will be very well prepared with his new specs and snappy high-tech laptop. And I have a great meal for tonight in mind...," she began but Rex cut her off.
"Well you two enjoy it. I have a date with Rolf and his elderly lover Byron. I may be very late. So...don't wait up!" he smirked and stroked his semi-erect cock lovingly with his soapy hands.
Lorna squeezed his big toe.
"Well, don't be too late...I shall be in this bed waiting...who knows what I might allow!" she said now bending and licking his wiggly pink toes.
Collin's cock thrummed in his trousers.
He was rather turned on by Auntie Lorna's hungry MILF-like sexual aggressiveness towards his handsome uncle...and was HOT to actually see it on spy cam soon!
Rex's uncut cock now fully grew before all their eyes.
He pulled back the ample foreskin and the juicy plum knob gleamed as if electrically lit by a bulb!
"See, you did this! You are a naughty bitch!" he said almost masturbating now. His hand eyes closing as he pleasured himself before the two eager voyeurs.
Auntie Lorna undid the buttons of her blouse and let Rex see her large breasts flop out...no bra! What a tease!
Collin too looked on...mesmerized.
"Why not cancel this date? I have two good reasons right here...you horny man!" Lorna moaned...now stroking her left tit, squeezing her nipple.
Rex's uncut cock throbbed and he stroked harder.
"Collin, baby, get Rex's phone...find that number for Rolf and let Uncle Rex delay his visit for a day or so," Lorna crooned as her hand reached down and took hold of Rex's turgid meat. His own hand letting go and letting his sex guru take charge.
She used her fingers, her eyes looking into his as his will drained away. She was a good hand- job provider...so good! She knew a man's needs...and worked hard to break any resistance to her desires.
"OK, Mistress Lorna...I will call and cancel!" he moaned and let her hand reward his acceptance of her wishes.
Collin walked back in having found his uncle's phone and located Rolf's home number. He dialled it and it began to ring.
He handed the phone to his uncle as Lorna slowly stroked his uncut meat in the warm sudsy waters below.
Rex dried his hand on the nearby hanging towel and took hold of the phone just as Byron picked up.
Rex stated that he was a bit too tired after all and tried to worm his way out of the commitment.
Byron played his trump card, "Oh, dear. So poor Rolf has got all excited for nothing? He was so looking forward to your spending the evening here. And I have been working so hard, in my wheelchair of course, to prepare. Oh, dear...can't be helped," he sighed deeply.
The old devil was really smiling and knew he would win!
Rex gulped. He wanted to please his wonderful sexy Lorna...but poor Byron. He was being naughty cancelling like this.
Lorna knew something was wrong.
She pulled back her fingers and waited.
When Rex disengaged the call...he looked grim.
"The old guy was so upset...really disappointed! I would let them both down by not going...I can't cancel now! I think I am needed to do some serious ass fucking! And how can I deny them my ever increasing sex skills?" Rex said looking a bit ashamed for even trying to wiggle out of the plan.
Lorna bent down. She let her breast hit Rex's face.
He nuzzled the nude flesh mounds...and kissed them each on the round erect nipples.
"Collin, your uncle is a true gentleman and for this...we are truly all lucky!" Lorna said.
And then she whispered, "But don't be too late...I will be here in your bed...waiting!"
And the two kissed on the lips.
Collin felt like pulling out his cock and stroking to the sexy scene playing out before his eyes!
The older sexy grey haired mistress and her younger hot stud...his Uncle Rex no less! It made him weak at the knees!
Lorna and Collin left Rex to finish his bath.
Lorna left her breasts out from her blouse, they wiggled as she moved...she saw Collin eyeballing them! Oh, perfect! The little gay newbie was being given a taste of a real MILF!
They made it down the stairs and Collin was feeling rather excited by this new life here in London with his Uncle Rex.
She took his hand and led him into the kitchen for privacy. She snuggled close and confessed.
"Tonight my friend will come over...he will have just enough time to install all the small micro spy cams around this house and put the software on both our laptops to watch. This is actually a stroke of good luck, Collin! So...let's be happy!" she said and patted his small but sexy ass!
His face was so close to her big meaty breasts. He lost his inhibition and leaned down and licked one nipple!
"Oh, auntie's clittie felt that too! You are welcome to my tits and my cunty...my little gay adopted nephew!" she giggled and pulled away.
"But tonight after your uncle gets home, you watch your laptop...watch us make love...learn from it!" she sighed and began to prepare a meal for the two of them.
******************
Byron rolled forward to the now draped in latex bed in the master bedroom.
The shiny black surface was almost like a stage! Rex would star on it...soon!
On the dresser lay a whip, a ball-gag and the new toy! The toy was a human-like hand and part of the arm. The fingers of the rubber toy were all pointed together...a fisting toy! The new rubber plaything was expensive and Rex's ass would be its inaugural voyage!
Rolf, poor gay bear, would arrive home to find Rex subdued, ravaged and spent! Byron was having the lion's share of sex tonight...Rolf would clean up the crumbs!
Byron laughed. He had many candles lit around the room...no electric light in there tonight. Also velvet ropes....strong and ready lay waiting at the foot of the big bed.
And in the living room, a cocktail awaited Rex. Herbs and various agents that not only relaxed the drinker but also insured a rip-roaring hard on!
Rex would be like a pogo stick...and no ability to say NO...he would want sex and need it all night! Byron had used this concoction before to great results. Byron lit one of expensive golden tipped cigarettes with the click of his gold lighter and placed it in the holder. He smiled, inhaled deep and puffed out a ring...with this he looked like a villain straight out of a horror movie. His attire was simple...just his elegant golden robe...long black OTC sheer socks and his leather slippers. No other wardrobe was needed.
Byron with his thin serious face, wispy white short hair and very milky blue eyes smoked and puffed thinking of sexy Rex's photos! And the amazing smell of his undies...Byron's aging uncut worm-cock sprung up inside his robe folds. Rex was going to be his youth serum for fantastic sex and Rolf would just have to watch and help...when needed! Byron sucked on his cigarette holder tip...like a small plastic cock! The smoke swirled around his head...this Rex was the key to so much erotic joy! Byron was sure.
Byron did a quick scan of the room noting all was ready. He hated walking...it hurt too much...but he could if he needed to. Getting his robe and socks on had been a challenge but worth the physical effort. Dealing with Rex tonight would mean stretching his ability to the limit. He needed to be on his feet...for some of the lusty festivities that were to come! But for now all seemed ready for sexy stud Rex.
A little bottle of lube lay on the dresser too...just in case Rolf's spit was not slick enough to work Rex's ass bud wide open and gaping!
Byron whirred his way to the living room and gazed out at the city. They had great views! Money bought nice stuff. The old devil laughed to himself and blew out more smoke.
A sex swing...YES, for future Rex ravaging...they could hang it in the spare bedroom! Ideas for using Rex's body began to flood his brain! Byron loved this vision...Rex laying back, naked...legs wide open and his ass gaping and juicy!
Now as he waited, Byron began to drink...he fixed a scotch and soda...then another. He did not get tipsy, oh no...just damn mean and horny as hell!
*****************
Lorna left her blouse mostly undone as she cooked. Collin sat playing with his laptop and busily downloaded software.
Rex appeared in the kitchen all dressed for Rolf and Byron's visit.
He wore dark slacks, black slip-on loafers and blue dress shirt and snappy tie! Both Lorna and Collin noticed the light blue sheer socks again.
"Very handsome...and what undies?" Lorna said walking up...her breasts wiggling naked.
She undid his trousers as Rex raised his hands in a gesture of "just do it". He was helpless to stop Lorna; she was like a freight train heading down the track.
She undid the leather belt and unzipped the trousers.
The slacks fell down around his ankles. The OTC sheer light block socks rose up almost to his knee caps. The socks had been worn all day and would be just nicely aromatic to his hosts...or so Rex hoped.
The undies were a sheer material in a midnight blue...bikini style and Rex's uncut semi-erect cock strained to stay inside them. The see-thru fabric made it very sexy and all his foreskin contours showed delightfully. His tight sac and golden red trimmed pubes as well!
"They will eat you up in these...literally!" Lorna giggled and stroked his cock through the material.
Rex's green eyes blinked in pleasure.
"I hope so...I wanna have great sex with them...and come home to great sex with you!" he moaned and pulled her towards him and nuzzled her big warm tits with his freshly shaved face. His manhood rubber her thigh...he was feeling very horny now! The need to be inside her was so strong, his cock wanted IN!
Lorna stepped back, saw the effect she had on his penis and smiled in a naughty girl way!
Rex adjusted his trousers upward and buckled the belt. Packing his full juicing erection inside was not easy! Now had his phone and grabbed a light jacket from the closet under the stairway.
"I won't be too late...by 2 AM at the latest. Make yourself cosy in my bed...I will be rushing back knowing you are there!" he said blowing her a kiss.
"You have a nice night, too!" he shouted back at Collin who sat at the kitchen table still adjusting his new laptop.
And the door closed...Rex sauntered down Greenvale Terrace towards the Underground.
Lorna smiled, her pussy moist in anticipation of sex with Rex post-sex with the new couple. She wanted to taste man-sperm all over his ass...and rigid cock!
She stroked her still exposed sensitive nipples and grabbed her own phone.
Time to get those spy cams and software installed!
Uncle Rex was going to be fully bugged...while he was being buggered!
********************
The Underground ride was all on the same line from Greenvale Terrace to the other side of the city. The fourteen stations were busy but not so busy that Rex could not sit and rest.
He sat, facing an older man in a suit...who winked at him. The guy was in his mid-60's and had white curly short hair. His thin tall body looked fit and his brass rimmed specs made him look highly educated!
Rex smiled back with warmth. He liked to be noticed. And he now carried a small bouquet of cut flowers with long elegant stems that he picked up from a seller at the bottom of his road near the stairs to the trains.
He liked to present a small gift to his hosts. But Rex had no idea the real gift was his body...like a sacrifice more or less!
Rex's right leg was crossed over his left knee and his foot wiggled in his shoe.
The suited man was eyeing this wiggling activity and loved the light sheer blue sock that was revealed between the trouser cuff and the shoe.
The gentleman appreciated sexy men with HOT socks! And Rex was feeling this admiration as the journey progressed under the city. At one point Rex let his slip-on shoe slide off his meaty heel and dangle! This revealed a good portion of his sweaty size 11 sheer socked foot! The suited man whistled a little "sexy" sound and winked again!
Rex loved this! He knew the older guy was now eyeing his smooth high sheer socked arch...and juicy heel. The toes were holding the shoe aloft!
The suited man stood and moved over and sat next to Rex.
"Hi, you look very handsome and obviously on your way to hot date I bet!" he said in a deep rich voice.
The train bumped and screeched along in the tunnel as Rex explained his dinner plans.
"I am Doctor Sinclair. Here is my card. I am male health specialist in London. If you ever need a check-up...please call on me!" he said reaching out and stroking Rex's socked exposed arch.
He then handed Rex the card...and moved to the sliding doors.
"Oh, I will call...for a full exam!" Rex said smiling. His green eyes twinkled with delight. And then the man was gone!
The next stop was his. The train moved on and he prepared himself for meeting Byron. He sounded very sexy on the phone for a senior citizen. And Rolf was a sweetie...it should be a great night.
Rex disembarked and rushed up the stairs and began the short walk to the luxury building nearby.
He took the lift to the fourth floor and found flat 4 C.
He straitened his tie...and pushed a hand thru his tousled reddish golden hair.
The door had a buzzer...he pressed it.
The flowers were ready...and he took a deep breath.
Click...the door pulled in slowly to the sound of the motorized wheelchair.
Byron let the door move further open as he whirred back even more so that Rex could step inside.
Byron, ciggy in his holder, puffed.
"So pleased you made it, Rex...perfect timing!"
"And just toss your jacket on the table...let's have a drink!" he said...and whirred around and moved towards the dim lit living area.
Rex did undo the jacket zipper and tossed it on the table...and followed.
"I see flowers, you dear man. So much the gentleman! I shall find a place to stick those lovely long stems...a perfect place to shove them....later!" he said pouring himself another scotch.
Rex noticed his handsome yet wizened looking face. A bit of a devil lurked in those liquid eyes.
"Your drink is made Rex...on the coffee table. A special drink I give all Rolf's men friends when they come calling...sit...DRINK...every drop!" he said...with a grin.
He sipped his fourth scotch and puffed on the ciggy! Rex placed the flowers down on the very chic wooden coffee table and sat on the leather sofa.
He eyed the strange drink. The flat smelled of scented candles...it was warm and rather intoxicating.
"Is Rolf home?" Rex asked...fingering his cocktail glass.
"Nope, he'll be here...later. This is a chance for us to get to know each other. I have seen Rolf's phone and the photos of the party. You have an amazing ass Rex! Love the way it eats up sex toys!" Byron said with his blue eyes drinking in Rex's every inch.
Rex gulped. "Yes, I had fun. It was all thanks to Rolf...he is fabulous at guiding a sex toy session for the novice!"
"Rolf is skilled but...so am I", Byron added.
"Now drink up, I made it for you!" he said puffing.
The smoke filled room was making Rex's eyes water.
He knew in his heart it was a "doctored" drink. The effect could be minor or catastrophic. But Rex was game! This man was sexy in his Bond-style villain way.
The black OTC socks...the robe...the exposed thin chest with grey wispy hairs all added to Rex's fascination with the man.
He wanted to be played with! And this wheelchair bound man looked like he wanted something...possibly kinky? Rex's uncut cock throbbed in his trousers.
Oh, well...Rex was ready!
"Cheers!" he said grabbing the glass and drinking it down. The spicy liquors in it burned his gullet and sent waves of warm heat through his body. His feet felt sweaty inside his shoes...his forehead beaded with sweat drops. The drink was fast acting! And within seconds his cock thrummed like it had been shocked with electricity. His erection was like stone!
Rex smiled. "Powerful stuff...I feel it...all over!"
Rex lay the empty crystal glass down...and eyed his host.
"All over, Byron...you know what I mean?" he said using his hand and grabbing his swollen crotch.
Byron laughed.
"Soon...you will pass into a state of such passionate frenzied need...you may just go crazy!" he smiled and sucked in deep on his ciggy.
Rex's socked feet slipped out of each loafer and he laid back on the couch...his light blue sweaty socked toes resting on the edge of the coffee table.
Byron's eyes drank in his perfect sculptured feet...the sheer socks he wore, much like his own, spoke of style and class!
"I am ready Byron...do your worst!" Rex almost giggled. His head tossed back and the room seemed to spin.
He was not prepared for the way "crippled" Byron managed to launch himself at Rex.
It took Rex by total surprise! The claw-like aged fingers were so damn strong and Rex was feeling weak. The hands clawed away his tie...ripping it from his neck.
Byron kept laughing! The room was getting dimmer! Rex's cock throbbed...his body was on fire! His clothes were vanishing little by little! Byron was now screaming like a crazed loon...like a madman! Rex felt fingers raking over his gently muscled chest...squeezing his nipples. Scotching smoke from the ciggy was blown on one tender man-nipple...HOT...pain...sexy! Rex nearly shot a load of cum!
Rex wanted it all so badly but craved to be present in the moment. But he was fading away in some respects but in others...he was alive like never before!
His body was so hot! His cock was raging!
Those wonderful sexy undies he had on...did he feel them being ripped? Torn?
"No, please...not scissors! I love those undies!" Rex gasped as he felt the cool metal blades snapping the fabric close to his ball sac!
Then a ball-gag was in mouth! He could only moan...and moan he did!
Then...as if in a haze, he was in the wheelchair being driven towards the back bedroom.
The ball-gag was slick with drool and Rex's eyes kept going in and out of focus. This was the hottest sex Rex thought he'd ever had! His cock was so hard! How was this crippled old man doing this?
Byron, hardly able to stand his own pain from walking, grabbed the back of the chair and waddled along as they entered the candle-lit bedroom.
"Surprises and total rapture await you, dear sexy Rex! I will do things to you that make the Halloween party look like a G-rated movie!" Byron laughed and Rex was pushed onto the latex covered bed face first and ass UP!"
*********************
Much more to come in part 6! Thank you all for the comments and messages. This is always exhilarating and furthers the creative process! DJ and Carol