*******************************************
This is the beginning of the Private Game series. It is meant to be a standalone story and not as a prequel or sequel to any of my other stories. This contains my usual themes of wife infidelity, cuckolding, and voyeurism. I appreciate the feedback I have received and some of the correspondence. I have taken some of your suggestions and interwoven them into my stories. I look forward to your continued comments.
A little background.
Mike and Lynn have only been married for a couple of years. Mike is in his early forties and Lynn is ten years younger. She is five-five with medium blonde hair and nice full kissable lips and 36C breasts.
************************
Mike finishes a phone call from a good service buddy. He is in his home office and goes downstairs where his wife Lynn, is in their family room.
"Who was that honey?"
"That was Chuck. He and I were best buddies when we were stationed overseas together in the service. He is going to be in town next week on business and wanted to get together."
"You told him yes didn't you?"
"Sure. It has been a long time I have seen him. It ought to be fun getting together with him again. We had some really good times."
"Tell me about him."
Her husband proceeds to tell her about some of the times they had traveling around the Philippines on their motorcycles. He leaves out other stories concerning Chuck and his first wife Susan. He begins to feel a familiar stirring in his genitals as he thought about those times.
"What does he look like?
He goes to the library and brings out one of their photo albums and shows his wife some of the pictures he had taken when they were in the service. Chuck is a couple of inches taller than Mike's five-ten, with medium length black hair. Lynn intently studies the photographs. He husband's buddy is good looking but not what you would consider handsome. She is captivated by the steady gaze of his eyes and confident posture. She cannot help noticing when Chuck is wearing tight jeans there is an unmistakable bulge around his cock.
"What is he like?"
"He is kind of like a typical Texan, down to earth, with a great sense of humor. He's more or less an alpha type. After a couple of beers, he can get a little crude. Don't be surprised if he brings up his endowment. Must be a Texas thing. They can't help talking about their cocks.
"Why? Does he have a big cock?"
"Well pretty big I guess. Probably 7 or 8 inches."
"How do you know."
"Honey, we were bunk mates for a couple of years. I saw it more times than I would like."
"You mean you saw his erection?'
"No. I was just guessing on the length."
He lied about the last part not seeing Chuck's erect cock. He saw it more that once as his first wife Susan was sucking it. He cannot help but think back to how turned on he was the first time he watched Susan and Chuck. He has fantasies how Lynn would look sucking Chuck's cock. Lynn is very hot and loves sex, but he knows she would not do the things his ex did.
"Why are you interested in Chuck's cock size"
"Just curious. If he brings it up I just wanted to know how big he is."
Lynn started to feel a wetness between her legs thinking about Chuck talking about his size and the bulge she saw in his pictures.
"I have an idea. Instead of having him stay at a hotel, why don't I invite him to stay at our house? You wouldn't mind would you?"
"Of course not. He sounds like a lot of fun."
Mike calls Chuck and invites him to stay with them.
"He can stay with us. He has meetings on Wednesday and Thursday. I told him to take an early flight on Tuesday and he and I can get together. I will take that afternoon off."
"That's great. You guys can catch up."
That night Lynn is more aggressive in bed. They have very little foreplay before Lynn mounts her husband. Her pussy is drenched as she rides her husband's cock. He seems to have a stronger erection than usual. She imagines what it would like to ride Chuck's bigger cock. She can't figure what triggers the fantasy. Mike never said anything about her and Chuck.
Mike is having the same fantasies. He starts having flashbacks picturing the scenes when Chuck fucked Susan. He and Lynn exchange fantasies about her and other men while he watches, but to this point it is only fantasies. She even tells very graphic fantasies how she sucks another man's cock while he watches. He has even shared experiences in a couple of threesomes but not Chuck with his wife Susan.
The following week goes by very quick. Mike keeps fantasying about Lynn and Chuck. What will Chuck try with Lynn? He relives how incredibly turned on he was the first time he watched Chuck with his ex. He finds himself distracted at work and even zones out in a couple of meetings.
Lynn keeps having her own fantasies about Chuck. Even though Mike said he was married will he try anything with her? She and Mike have an active sex life. They both share common fantasies about her husband watching her with another man. But she does not believe that he really wants her to live out the fantasy. But why would he bring up another man's cock size? She is not sure that she can actually fuck another man while Mike watches her.
The day Chuck is flying in turns out to be real busy for Mike. As he is getting ready to take off early and pick his buddy up at the airport, last minute deadlines come in. He decides to ask Lynn to pick up his buddy. She has a home based decorating business and he knows she will be available.
He dials the number. When Lynn picks up he says, "Honey, something has come up and I can't break away. Can you pick up Chuck at the airport and entertain him until I get home?"
"Sure honey. I am looking forward to meeting him. How long will you be?"
"Looks like a couple of hours. You don't mind keeping him entertained that long do you."
"Don't be silly. I will take care of Chuck."
Mike gives her the flight information. As he hangs up the phone, he begins to think what Chuck will do having Lynn alone. He discounts that Lynn will do anything. His plan is for Lynn to put on a show for his buddy this evening when he is there. Maybe Chuck has calmed down, but in his heart he doesn't think so.
After talking to her husband, Lynn begins to get a little apprehensive yet turned on at the same time about being alone with Chuck. She wonders if he really is an alpha personality. She has had the thoughts all week after her husband told her that his friend was well hung. Will he bring up his cock size? She is hoping he will be wearing tight jeans. After all, he is a Texan, isn't that what they wear?
Lynn ponders what to wear when she picks up Chuck. She is wearing an knock around blouse and shorts. This won't do for a first impression. She decides on a light pair of dark blue capri slacks and a white knit sleeveless top. The top is very sheer. It doesn't hide much. Most of the time she wears a Chico's jacket over it, but decides that she doesn't need it for a quick trip to the airport. She admires herself in the mirror. It really frames her 36C breasts. The scooped neck shows the tops of her breasts. Lynn has an exhibitionistic streak where her breasts are concerned. Her husband doesn't do anything to discourage her. In fact he gets turned on when other men scope her out. They share some of their best fantasies when she puts herself on display and flirts with other men. Maybe he will like her to do that with Chuck. It will really turn him on if she shows off for an out of town good friends. If he doesn't want her to show off for Chuck, wouldn't he tell her?
She checks to make sure the flight is on time and drives to the airport. On the way she thinks about her fantasy. Most of the time when either one of them bring up another man they share fantasies. Mike might see a good looking well hung guy in the gym sauna and tell Lynn about it. They share fantasies about her fucking him. But with Chuck, Mike hasn't said anything.
She sees the sign for the airport pickup and breaks her concentration. Chuck is waiting for her at the curb. He is better looking than his pictures indicated. And he is wearing jeans.
She pulls up beside him and rolls down the passenger window, "Hi I'm Lynn, you must be Chuck."
"I am. Pleased to meet you. Where is Mike?"
"He is tied up at work. He will be home later."
She gets out and goes to the back and to open the cargo door of her SUV. She gets a closer look at Chuck. She can't help but glance at his crotch where she sees an unmistakable bulge. Chuck puts his bag in the back and stands back to admire Mike's wife. Lynn feels his eyes roaming her body. She began to feel dampness in her pussy.
"Thanks for picking me up. You are everything I heard about you. Mike certainly is a lucky man." He gives her a quick hug.
"Thank you. And you are everything he told me about you. Let's get back to our place and you can relax after your flight."
It is a short drive from the airport to Lynn and Mike's house. They make small talk on the way back. Lynn feels Chuck taking glances at her breasts. She is glad that she wore this top without the jacket. Chuck is getting turned on looking at Lynn's body and especially those nice full tits. He wonders if Mike and Lynn fool around with other people. Does he still like to watch?
They arrive at the house and Chuck follows Lynn inside. He has a chance to admire her firm ass as he walks behind her. Will Mike like to watch Lynn on her hands and knees while he fucks her from behind like he did with Susan?
"What can I get you?"
"A cold beer would be great." Lynn gets Chuck a cold beer from the fridge and pours herself a glass of white wine.
"Would you like to freshen after your trip."
Chuck declines and Lynn suggests she show him his room. They leave their drinks on the counter and Chuck follows Lynn out of the kitchen. She and Mike's house has a front foyer with high ceiling. At the top of the stairs is a landing that connects the bedrooms. Chuck follows Lynn upstairs and admires her ass all the way. She feels his looking at her and his pleased that Mike's friend finds her attractive.
She leads him into one of the bedrooms. "Here you go. This is your room. We use the room next door for a home office."
The room is fairly small with a queen size bed, a small desk on one side, and a comfortable chair on the other side for reading. Then she shows him a bathroom were he can shower and freshen up later.
She takes him to another room a few feet on the landing, "And here is our bedroom."
Chuck follows her and sees a larger room with a king size bed to the left and to the right a sitting room with a small loveseat. She is conscious of the fact that they are alone. She doesn't remember alone being at home with another man. Especially, an attractive man like Chuck. She is feeling an attraction that she can't explain.
Lynn leads him back downstairs to the kitchen. The kitchen and family room are one big area with high ceiling in the family room.
"Let's go sit down and relax until Mike get's home."
"If it is ok with you, I would like to stand for awhile after sitting in an airplane for a couple of hours. I am not keeping you from anything am I?
"No not at all. Mike wanted me to entertain you while he is at work." She lifted her glass, "I am glad to finally meet you. Mike has told me a lot about you."
Chuck clinks his beer bottle with her glass. He wonders how much Mike has told her about the past. He and his wife Faye have not fooled around for quite awhile. He is getting the urge to fuck another wife. It was during a swap session between the two couples that he learned that Mike likes to watch. Mike and Faye did not hit it off, but he and Susan certainly did. He had to admit that Mike has good taste. Lynn is so hot looking he decides right then to fuck her before he leaves.
Lynn has a very vivacious personality. She and Chuck really hit it off. She becomes more relaxed around him. Mike was right about his sense of humor. What else was Mike right about?
They stand at an island counter in the kitchen. It is too hot to go outside on the deck. Lynn puts her elbows on the island top and leans over giving Chuck a view of her breasts. She is wearing one of her light weight bras. She feels her nipples getting stiff and knows Chuck can see them. Her husband will get soo turned on when she tells him tonight that she showed her breasts to Chuck.
Chuck takes a sip of his beer and enjoys the view. From this angle he really sees the fullness of her tits. She must be getting turned on since he can tell her nipples are becoming more prominent. He has to get his hands on them.
Her first glass of wine doesn't last long. As she finishes Lynn finds herself getting more intimate. She starts to touch his arm as they speak. Most of the time when she displays herself and flirts, it is at a party when Mike is around. This is one of the few times she is alone with someone who is turning her on. After one of his funny stories about he and Mike, she puts her hand on his bicep and even leans her breast into him. She leaves it there longer than she should. Chuck has one of his hands resting on the top close to her. She shifts position and lets one of her breasts rest on the back of his hand.
Chuck cannot believe his luck. With Lynn's tit resting on the top of his hand he just moves it slightly caressing around her nipple. It becomes more erect. She doesn't move but lets him feel her. She looks into his eyes. After a few more seconds she stands up right.
Chuck broke her concentration. "When is Mike going to be home?"
"Probably not for another hour or so. You're not getting tired of my entertainment are you?"
"Not at all. I was just thinking how sexy you are. Mike must be very proud. Let me ask you something"
"Go ahead ask me anything"
He really wants to ask her if Mike likes to watch her but instead, "Do you and Mike fool around with other people?"
"What do you mean fool around? Oh, I am so naive some times. Do you mean sex with other people? No nothing like that. What makes you ask that?"
Chuck decides not to wait. He reaches over and caresses her forearm, "Well you are hot. You have great breasts and like showing them off. And the way you let me touch you, I thought you guys might fuck other people."
Mike was right again. Chuck could get crude, but she finds herself more intrigued. She answers, "I am so embarrassed. Even though we just met I am so relaxed around you."
"I am glad you feel that way. You shouldn't feel embarrassed around me. When you leaned into my hand did I make you feel good?"
"Yes. It felt real good."
He strokes her upper arm. "'I'm glad we have hit it off. I will do what I can t make you feel good. So tell me what you and Mike do?"
She isn't sure how to answer but decides to tell him, "I am glad you think I'm sexy. We don't
have sex with anyone else. Mike gets turned on when I show off and flirt with other men. I tell him what I do. We both like it. He is the one who picked out this top. He picks out all of my flirting outfits. It is like a game with us. Do you like it?"
Chuck now knows that Mike is the same old voyeur. "It looks sexy. Ok. Let's have some fun. You give me a private show. Show me how to play the game. We can play it together. We'll even make up our own game."
"That's a great idea. I am so glad that Mike has such an understanding friend. Looks like you could use another beer. I know I can use some more wine. I'll refresh our drinks and we can play.
She explains the game, "The best one's are at parties in a large house so we can move around. If there is a large family room I go and sit on the sofa. We'll start out with me getting your beer. You go sit down on the couch."
Chuck goes into the family room and sits in one corner of a leather couch. Lynn pours another glass of wine and brings Chuck his beer. Lynn bends over from her waist and gives Chuck another view of her breasts as she hands him his beer. She makes eye contact as Chuck views her breasts. She cannot believe how brazen she is getting around a stranger. But she has to show Chuck how the game is played. Besides, Mike and Chuck are good friends so it's not same as a perfect stranger. She is getting turned on and cannot wait to tell her husband.
Chuck decides to he how far Lynn will go. As she starts to stand up, he tells her, "Bend over a little more."
"Like this."
"Yea just like that. This game is going to be fun."
"I'm glad you like it. This is a fun. Is this the way you like me flashing you? Did you like the view?"
"You have great breasts. Is that all you do when you give a man a drink? "
"I just flash my breasts. If I am sitting down and they bring me a drink, I lean over to give them another show."
"That is your public show. Let's play our game for the private show since it is just the two of us. Take your wine and my beer, go back into the kitchen, and then come back and bring my beer again. We can start our game."
"Ok. I can't wait to see how we play our game."
Lynn follows his directions and goes back into the kitchen. Chuck watches her ass as she walks away. She turns to come back where Chuck is sitting. She is anxious to find out to play the private game. She walks back in with a confident look looking Chuck in the eye.
She wants to let Chuck know she wants to play the game. She bends over low like Chuck showed her. She hands him the bottle, "Here's your beer."
Chuck takes the beer making sure she knows he is looking at her breasts. With the other hand he reaches up and cups one of her breasts. She lets out a gasp and starts to stand up. Chuck stops her. "Lean back down. This is our private game."
Lynn leans back down and lets Chuck fondle her. He rolls her nipple between his thumb and fingers.
"Ohhh.. that feels so good. Do you like touching them?"
Chuck feels the weight of her breasts with Lynn bending over. "I like looking at them but touching is even better." He lowers his hand. "Bend over more until your breast is back in my hand."
Lynn follows his instruction and bends over resting her breast in his hand. He starts to squeeze her again.
"God Chuck keep touching me. You are really learning the game fast."
She stands up in front of him. He cups both breasts and moves his hands down her sides to her hips. Lynn starts a steady breathing and is looking at his hands roaming her body. She puts her hands on his shoulders. There is a sharp intake of breath when Chuck takes one of his hands and caresses her stomach. His thumb is extended and brushes her abdomen right above her pubis. His other hand is cupping her ass. He runs his hand between her cheeks down her upper thigh. He is careful not to touch her pussy. She does not try and stop him.
"You have a great body. You really do stay in shape."
"I'm glad you like my body. I like you touching me."
"Do you wear that sheer top when you show off? It really highlights your nipples."
Lynn just laughs, "Well that is your fault. I wear this in warm weather. At parties, I wear a light jacket. I use it to flash. As you can see, the top by itself doesn't hide much."
"You're right, but I don't mind. So when you bend over in front of another man, what you want is for the man to feel you just like I did. Isn't that right?
"Yes! How did you know? I can't believe this. We have only met and you seem to know what I want."
"I know. I feel a real attraction between us. There are a lot of attractive women, but not many that give off sex like you."
Chuck continues, "This is what's fun about the private game. We do things you want to do in the public game but can't because there are other people around. It's just the two of us right now and we can make up new things to do"
"That's right. I never thought about that way."
"Chuck, this is really hot. There's something I want to ask. Can we repeat part of the game?"
"Sure. What do you want to do?"
"I see you don't need another beer, but can I pretend to get you one?"
"I tell you what. I could use some water. Do you have any seltzer?"
"We have some Perrier. I will get you one."
Lynn goes back into the kitchen and returns with his Perrier. Bending over, "Here's your water"
Chuck replies, "Thank you Lynn." He reaches up and cups her breasts. He opens her top and runs a finger under her bra.
Lynn starts moaning. She leans her tits into his palms. She leans in and kisses him on the cheek, "Thank you Chuck. You know exactly what I want."
(to be continued)